The Storyteller. By Land and Sea. CHAPTER I. THE CRIME OF LEASING-MAKING. BY MARCUS CLARKE. TEN o'clock at night, in the High Court of Justiciary, Edinburgh, in the year 1791, and John Muir, the minister of a Unitarian Church at Dundee, was on his trial for sedition. The Lord Justice Clerk was cliarging the jury : " The crime charged Ls sedition. You have to determine whether the meeting which called itself " The British Convention of Delegates of the People, associated to obtain Universal Suf frage and Annual Parliaments," was a seditious meeting. A number of men, of whom the pannel would seem to be constituted chief, have met secretly together time after time to concoct a plan of government which should Bui»ersede the Constitution of Great Britain. These men divide themselves into .sections, hold conventions of emergency, and institute .secret committee.*. They imitate in every possible manner the proceedings of those mi.sguiiJed men in France, who hay we have just learned— assembled together at the instance of a lawyer named Robespierre to frame a petition for the dethronement of their sovereigu. The pannel and his friend* would appear to have done their l>est to place everything in this country—a country which I have ahvajs considered as the envy of the world at large, and the happiest kingdom up<-n the face of the earth—upon the same footing with France, where aristocracy is reviled, where the King is reviled, and where, in fact, there is no Constitution at all. His speeches and his papers show that he has con templated tli? extremes of reform. I look upon hira as a very dangerous member of society. His superior talents and education have been : put to the worst uses. I dare say he has elo- | enough to persuade the people to rise in ! W arms " : Mr. Muir : " Oh my lord ! My lord, this is a , very improper way of addressing a jury. It is : descending to personal abuse. God forbid that j my eloquence should ever be made use of for ; such a purpose." Mr. Justice Clerk : " Mr. Muir, I don't say that you did ho, but that you had abilities to do < it.—Gentlemen, if you are satisfied that the meetings were seditious ones, I do not see how it Ls possible to avoid the consequence of finding this pannel guilty art and part of the crime . charged. But, gentlemen, it is not my verdict j that is to be returned. You will return such a j verdict as your own consciences will direct." ; In an adjoining room sat Janet Muir, the ' young wife of the prisoner, and his father, a clergyman of the Scotch Church. j " They must surely decide soon," said the girl. : " Ay," returned the old man sternly. " Let us know the worst. My son, you have given me a bitter cup to drink in my old age." " Father, he was sincere in what he did. I i know he does not think with you " "He did once," said the old minister, sadly. "He did until he met with those who changed his nature and his faith." The door opened, and a young man dressed in a naval uniform entered. It was Kenneth M' Crae, the cousin and play fellow of Janet Muir. a lieutenant just appointed i to the Irresistible frigate. "The jury have retired," said he. The young wife clasped her hands. " Dear Kenneth, do you think there Ls hope V "They will not find him guilty to death," waid M'Crae, in a low tone ; " but I fear that his punishment will be long imprisonment. The unfortunate titles of his papers, and the foolish use of French forms of speech, have prejudiced .. the jury against him." 1 " How truly British that is !" said a voice in *'A slight French accent. The pair turned, and saw a young man, of flight but active figure, dressed in riding cos tume. "Mr. Letcil-er !" said M'Crae, " what impru dence." "Impnulen;e ! None in the world. I have .1 saveguard in a, letter from the Minister. Be sides, all the \v jrld knows that Charles Letellier Ls an cmi'jn who has been deprived of his for tune by his c <\ n patriots." He spoke carelessly and quickly, with a very .slight foreign ..ecent "I think, mi," said the old clergyman, " that you would have shown a better heart had you kept away from us at this season." " You will rvcr hold me responsible for your son's change ■ f opinions, sir ! You do me wrong, I nvv:'.r to you. What! lam not a missionary t>> >•• avert ministers." " Pray, M:. Letellier," said Janet "Madam, I ask your pardon. Nay, believe me, I meai.r nothing that could wound you. 1 am hasty ;:i:d foolish of speech. Forgive me ?" His brown eyes melted into softness as he looked at her, and he raised her high-gloved hand to Lis. lips with the gallant politeness of the thai-. Ke:meth M'Crae flushed to Ids powdered temple.-, and turned to the window. "I thiuk you should rather occupy yourself with your fiivuds' fortune thau with compli ments, Monsieur le Marquis de Saiut-Huruge !" said he. " Hash," said the Frenchman, gaily. " Why gi\re me my title when I have discarded it. So rim)ii a* the l'ru.-<ians and Austtians have sent fur National Convention packing, I shall resume i»y rank. Nevertheless, my dear lieutenant, lam <iaite at your service as plain .Charles Letellier, clerk in the office of the English Admiralty." " Pah !"' >. ill M'Crae, regaining his compo sure. " Why quarrel .' I fear this Convention of yours will cost poor Muir his freedom. The intelligence of the arre.st of the King at Var eune*, and the 1 -»st meeting of the—the—" " —Jacol-in Club—well '." " Had set us all horror stricken at anything like interference with established laws." "Of course. You fear that by permitting en croachmeut on the time honored abuses of your splendid system of government you will .soon pee it reformed altogether. And yet, jxttf, if it is not reformed it will be swept into that ob livion which ;;\v.iits the house of Siiint-Huni"e. My dear fellew, aristocrats have had their day. Wellington has just driven them from Ame rica, and Rulje^perrie is about to drive them from France. I dou't wish to talk treason, but HLs Grace the Duke of Bedford is doing his best to make somebody drive them out of Kugland. The law of change, my dear naval lieutenant, is universal. We have had our little amusements; now the people are going to have theirs. They may be a liule r.iiigh in the beginning, but they will soon jrrow reasonable." " It is fir uttering such sentiments as these, hir, that u.y -vii is now upon his trill, in danger of a prison. or worse." " Admitted : but the sentiments are true all the same—-Hark! what is that noise ? The jury an-rtf.-.Miiug ! M'Crae, M'Crae, run and bring us news '" ■* • * * * * ♦ The verdict was being read as M'Crae pushed his way into the court. " Having considered the criminal libel, raised and pursued at the instince of His Majesty's fir His Majesty's interest, against Muir. p.-.nnel, the interlocutor of relevancy pronounced thereupon by the Court, and the evidence adduced in proof of the libel, they all, in one voice, t'nd the said paunel, John Muir, Guilty of the crimes libelled ; in witness where of their said Chancellor and Clerk have sub- * Copyright reserved scribed these presents in their names, and by their appointment, place and date as above. "William Forbes, Chancellor. " Peter Hill, Clerk." M'Crae expected as much. His only anxiety was to hear the sentence which the Court would [ pronouuce. I The Judge spoke for a moment with Lord i Heuderland, who sat on his right hand, and Lord Abercrombie, who sat on bis left, and then i turned to the prisoner, saying, ! " Mr. Miiir, if you have anything to say, now is the time." John Muir, who had been standing with bis face averted from the Bench, now turned round, and the light from the candles before him shone upon his face. He was about thirty years of age, dressed in black, with simple white bands and small nifties at his wrists. His hair was un powdered, and gathered into a queue tied with a simple ribbon. His face was pale, with clear cut features and marked eyebrows. His eyes were of a reddish hazel, and his mouth firm, with full but compressed lips. He was rather below than above the middle size. "My Lord," said he, in a very distinct and sweet voice, " I have little to say. lam as little hurt as lam surprised at the verdict returned, inasmuch a3 I find that the Public Prosecutor himself, in the House of Commona, anticipated the fate which I was to meet. Let it come. Examples have not been wanting of men of whom the world was unworthy, who have fallen victims to an active and zealous virtue, but their fate will never deter firm minds from the performance of the most sacred of duties—the fulfilment of thc- ir engagements to an oppressed aud insulted country. When I look forward to the political horizon, the prosj>ect is gloomy v.nd awful to a degree, at which the be3t men may shudder, and the ablest men must feel themselves incompetent to describe. Everything is turbid aud porten tous. A blacker cloud never hung over this island. Those versed in the history of the human nice, know that rigorous state persecu tions have ever preceded an era of revolution. This era is approaching for England. I trust it , will not be accelerated by the folly and madness of her rulers. What have I done ? I have urged the right of every man to have a voice in the government of his country, the right of every man to worship his Maker according to i his conscience, and to petition Parliament to | consider public grievances. This is termed se j dition, and I am to be punished for it. Well. ; But whatever may become of me, the principles | which I have advocated will last for ever. , Whatever may be my fate, the world will : one day do justice to the purity of my motives. ; That which I have begged as a boon will be ! claimed as a right by future generations. The . cause I advocate must and will triumph, for it is : founded an the immutable principles of truth, 1 justice, and freedom." He ceased. There was profound silence. Men seemed afraid to even listen to such words. ; Presently the cold tones of the judge were heard— " Your Lordships will now proceed to give your opinions upon the punishment which you j think in this case ought to be inflicted." | Then the several lords—Lord Henderland, i Lord Eskgrove, Lord Swinton, Lord Dunsinnan, ! and Lord Abercrombie rose each in his turn aud spoke. j The sentence was transportation for fourteen years beyond seas, to such place as His i Majesty, with the advice of his Privy Council, j shall appoint ; return to Great Britain before the expiration of that period being punished by death without benefit of clergy. *•*♦•*■* " After all, they have left you life, dear John," said his wife, when M'Crae brought her that | evening to the Tolbooth ; " and Kenneth says that you will but be exiled. We can goto Ame rica. There are many members of your Church there." " True," said John Muir, wearily. "We can. My Master Priestly found an asylum there, and so may I." " Why then cheer thee, dearest." " I will be cheerful, Janet. Good night." Kenneth had turned away at sight of this holy grief, and s'ood at the door, waiting. The weeping womau came out and passed into the other apartment " Kenneth !" cried Muir, " a moment's speech with you alone." " Well ?" " Kenneth M'Crae, I have a favor to ask you." " What is it <" " You have known my wife from childhood. She trusts and esteems you. Indeed, I have sometimes thought that you might have made her happier than I." Kenneth M'Crae turned pale. " Great heaven ! What do you mean ?" "I am not going to America. lam going on a longer and more d;ingerous voyage, to a wilder aud more remote place. It is impossible for Janet to accompany me. When lam away I want you to protect her, to advise her, to help her." " What you ask is hard," said the other, in a low voice. "It is hard, I know. But you are my friend. You are a man of honor. You love my wife. Nay, do not start—love comes without seeking. Well, I leave her to you as a sacred charge. Be worthy of it and of yourself." Kenneth M;Crae caught the other's hands in his own, and wrung them hard. Tears stood in his eyes, and his voice trembled. " I will," he said. John Muir smiled. " I thought I could trust your noble heart— Now read this." He took from his pocket a scrap of paper. " Letellier gave me this an hour ago. His missi'iu to Edinburgh was to convey the wishes of the Government to the Court. This is to be my doom. Read. And M'Cray read : " You urc to be sent to Botany Bay, the convict settlement which was founded Jice years mjo by Cajttain Phillip, on the roast of Aw Holland." "To ! But only murderers and robbers are sent to that dismal spot I'll not believe it" "It is true. Letellier is always right. You will see. Moreover, lam worse than a robber or a murderer. lam a Reformer." " Oh, my friend, my friend !" " Hush ' Break the news to her. You will understand now why I made you promise. Grieve not at my fate. The mercy of God will follow and find me, wheresoever I am hidden." " Tlnmijli f.K?s ami perils all around iv be, His llund is o'er iu> still by Laud and Sea." Chapter 11. MARY FRITH. The town of Sydney, in the year 1/92, was a col lection of wooden houses, or rather huts. There were liut 23 head of cattle and 11 horses in the settlement. Food was scarce. A calf sold for .£l5, and no oue was allowed to kill a sheep without the express permission of the Governor. Crops were poor, and the facilities for grinding corn were quite inadequate to the wants of the people. The convicts, of whom there were some 2000, were dying of dysentery, i cholera, and starvation. They often had to wait from sunrise until the bell rang for work for a chance to grind their maize, and sometimes were compelled to resume labor without having oaten at all. Three pounds of wheat, five pounds of maize, two pints of peas, and two pints of gram, formed the daily ration of each person. A man caught stealing fu^d was prtiiuptly hanged. The escapes were frequent, but those who escaped only gained freedom to die in the bush. The garrison consisted of a regiment —now the 102nd—specially raised for this sen-ice, and called " The Condemned Corps."' The high waymen, foot-pads, and burglars, who made the night-London of George the 111. a city of ad venture, were sent to "end their days'in this barren spot. Thither was sent Mr. Barriugton, the pickpocket and -ambler. Thither was shipped Tom Tole, and Polly Peachum. The frequenters of the gambling houses, the night cellars, and the gardens of Ranelagh, met each other in the wattle-and-daub streets of Governor Phillips' new settlement. Into such society did the Reverend John Muir fall. He had arrived in irons, but on his landing the Governor released him and allowed him to purchase a piece of land on the north shore of the Parramatta River. Thi9 place is now called Hunter's Hill, and is one of the most popular ■ surbubs of Sydney. | From the time he landed, the unhappy man ■ strove to forget his own griefs in the alleviatic-n |of those of others. He was devoutly and un | affectedly pious. Earning his living by the work of his own hands, he yet found time to conduct such worship as his religious convictions suffered, among the prisoners. He wrote out for them passages of the Bible. To those who could not spell, he read aloud himself. His means were narrow, but his heart large ; and the frustrated schemes for the regeneration of English society, were replaced by modtst and manly deeds of charity and love! His* past life was—so to speak—blotted out. He was not allowed to write, or to be written to. The John Muir who owned a wife and friend, was dead and buried. When he parted from Janet, and laid her weeping in the arms of the man he trusted best, he felt as one who bids farewell to life. He kissed his wife's lips as he might kiss the lips of a corpse. One day while working in his garden, he felt a violent and sudden pain in his forehead. He went into the hou.se and sat down. A cramp seized him, and presently he became insensible. In his ministration among the prisoners he had caught some contagious disorder. He was nigh death for three weeks, and when he opeued his eyes and looked with the careless gaze of a convalescent round his room, he saw something which startled him. Raphael's best known picture of the Virgin re presents a tall, blue eyed woman, with a mass of fine golden hair bound close about her head, and attired in a blue robe gathered at the waist, and coming high up to the throat. John Muir thought he was looking at that picture. A woman of a complexion like roses and milk and dressed in a gown of blue color, was Bitting at the foot of his bed, her golden hair propped i upon a white hand, and her blue eyes raised to heaven. Muir moved, and she rose up. He saw then that the blue robe was convict serge. ar.d that its wearer had been gazing out of the window to pass the hours. " Who are you '." he asked. " Your nurse, sir," said she, in a low voice, which seemed to fit well with her religious face and reverential eyes. " Have I been ill ." " Nearly dead." " Of what V " Cholera." " Where are my servants ?" "They were ordered to leave you." "And you remained '!" " I heard that you were to be taken to the hospital shed, and I knew that you would die there, so I volunteered to come." " Your name ?" asked John Muir, in wonder ment. " Mary Frith." The clergyman involuntarily moved away his head from her supporting arm. He had heard of her arrival. It had been made a jest by the officers and officials. For Mary Frith was one of the most celebrated of that class of sinner whom Fielding, Defoe, and Hogarth dared to paint and plead for. " Here is your draught," said she. " Drink it, and don't talk." « But " " I know all that you would say,"' she went on, in the same even tone. " But we will discuss morality afterwards. Get well first." Muir stared, drank the medicine, and fell asleep again. For more than a week this ministration went on. The woman never spoke unle&s; he spoke to her ; but was always at his side, night and day, | always ready, watchful, and tender. By-and-by the doctor came. He clapped his cocked hat on the top of his stick, and cried in astonishment, " Why, you're alive !" Muir smiled. " Thanks to my nurse," said he. Mary Frith took the compliment sedately. " I have done my best to nurse you, sir." " Glad to hear it!" cried DoctorCobb. "This is a new line for your ladyship." "It is," she said. " I never did anything bo useful before." " Egad but I believe it," said Cobb, and looked at her with undisguised admiration. She moved to the sick man's pillows and smoothed them. Muir had become accustomed to her presence now, and did not shrink. " We'll have him up again in a day or two, Mary," said the doctor; " and then what will you do ?" She flushed a little at this, but said nothing. " Leave the room, Mary," said Muir ; and so soon as the had gone he said to Cobb, " How did they allow her here of all places ?' " Faith," replied Cobb, composedly taking a pinch of snuff. " I was glad enough to get any -Ix>dy to come. The fellows are as frightened of cholera as the devil of holy water. You may thank your stars that you got such a nurse. She's worth her weight in gold." " What has she done to bring her to such a place as this ?" " Stolen a gold snuff-box from a French refugee," said Cobb. " She protested that the charge was false, of course. They say half the rakes of London came down to Woolwich to bid her good-by. She was the most notorious woman in the town, and dressed like the Queen of Sheba. Barrington says she was the mistress of the Prince of Wales." " Poor thing !" said Muir. " Oh, she's right enough," returned the other. " She'll marry, and get a grant of land. A woman with a face and figure like that can marry whom she chooses." " No news, I .suppose ?" a- ked Muir, as though to bring the conversation to a close. " None," snid Cobb,'' save that a schooner flying American colors has asked leave to put in for fuel and water." " Is it granted ?" " Yes ; she'll be in the cove to-night, and we'll hear how the rebels are getting on with their new Constitution, and their precious President, General Washington— General! Pooh!" and the little doctor, who, as became a man of his position, was a staunch supporter of Church and State, twitched his hat from his cane, ad justed it fiercely over his wig, and walked out. That evening John Muir spoke to the woman who had nursed him. " I am sorry that you must go," add he; " but there is nothing else for it. My servants will come back so soon as I am well, and you cannot be here with them." " As you please, sir," said she, and went out quickly. When she came back, her patient looked at her with interest. " You have been weeping ?" "Is not this a fit place to weep in ? lam only twenty-three years of age, and I shall have to live here for fourteen years." "So shall I," said Muir; " and I have a wife." " I did not know that," said she, and frowned. " Mary, tell me what your life has been." " What should it have been '{ Nothing ro mantic, sir. I was fond of pleasure and idleness; I have broken my parents' hearts I believe. There are other women here as bad as I; I must be content to live with them." " But not to live like them. You have done with your past. Begin a future." " It is too late, sir." " At twenty- three years of age ?" " I feel a hundred." " Poor girl ! I will be a friend to you, and i help you." "No ; you have a wife, you say ; think of her, not of me." "You must not talk like that, Mary," said Muir, sternly ; " I will not suffer it." There was a pause ; and then Mary Frith took up the invalid's, hand and kissed it. " You are a good man," she said. " Help me to live a better life, if you will. I will try to forget what I have been ; I will be hopeful. I have trid ; but it is haul, very hard. I tried to pray just now, sir, but I could not." " You can live prayers, if you cannot say them," said Muir. So between the two there grew up a silent confidence. Mary Frith was a very beautiful woman, and in beauty there is always something of piety. She was not naturally vicious ; and the clergyman labored hard to bring her into keeping with her better self. But she grew sad and fretful as the time drew near for her departure. " I cannot live among those others," said she to herself ; and she began to revolve in her mind strange plans. About three weeks after the arrival of the American vessel, and when Captain Smith and his crew had become quite familiar with all the officers of the little town, Mr. Muir received a visitor. It was no less a person than the captain of the schooner himself. "I have a letter for you, sir," said he ; "I came here on purpose to bring it." " A letter ! From whom ?" " From the Marquis de Saint- Huruge." " Is he in America, then ?" "No ; he has returned to France." " To France i" " Like many Frenchmen, he has renounced his birth, and has become a Republican. Before leaving America he told your story to General Washington. lam here to rescue you."* Muir took the letter with astonishment. "My Dear Friend,—l am once more in France. Marqnu no longer, but Citizen Letellier, member of the Revolu tionary TribnnaL The dreams of my youth— and of yours—are realised. The As.sembly of tlie People has triumphed. The King v but a citizen, anal every citizen is a king. It is true that we have not attained nil this without bloodshed. I always told you that judicious violence was necessary in revolution. Your "moral suasion " lias sent you to a onvict settlement. My "physical force" has placed me—with a red cap and a tri-colored sash—at the head of the Jacobins. Washing ton—whiit a name!—has promised me to stave you. The ljearer of this letter will lie tiie man he lms delected. Follow him nnd fear not. Until we meet, yours Letellier. [Born Charles Armand dv Fresnoy Letellier-le-Uuc Marquis de Saint- Hnnige!} "Well, sir/" asked the American captain, when Muir had read this letter. " I will go," said Muir, trembling. " Very good," returned the captain, impassibly. "lam at your service. When will you be ready ? You must arrange your own method of getting on board. 1' " I will send you word to morrow." " Good-night.*' " Good-night!" As Captain Smith passed through the garden, he was stopped by a female figure. It was Mary Frith. She was very pale, and was wrapped in a large shawl, which she had hastily borrowed from the free wife of the soldier who superintended the ration-store from which Muir was supplied. " I have heard what has passed," said she. " Mr. Muir shall be on board to-night." " Madam," stammered the officer, astounded at the presence of a lady whom he had never seen before. '* I (lid not know—" " —That Mr. Muir was married. Possibly not. There is no time for explanations now. Tou see that little reach between the flngataff and the hill. Send a boat there in an hour—you have often fished in the spot—and we will meet you." " My instructions extended only to Mr. Muir," stammered Smith. " I was not aware that —" "Go back to the house, sir," said Mary Frith desperately, " and see if my husband will sail without me." " Mary ! Mary!" called the voice of the con valescent from the house. "Is that you ? Come here." "If you disbelieve me, sir, come back!" said the girl, drawing her queenly figure to its splendid height, and sweeping the shawl close around the convict blue. " Oh no, madam," said Smith, hearing the fa miliar tone in which Muir ppoke, and dropping his suspicious glance before her magnificent eyes. " I have no reason to disbelieve you. The boat shall be ready." " Will he enquire, I wonder ?" thought Mary Frith, as she ran for the house. "No; he has not time." Muir was sitting in his arm-chair with the letter before him when she entered. She went straight up to the table, dropped the shawl, and put her white hand down upon the letter. " You forgot that I was in the next room," said she. " You must take me with you." John Muir looked at her without anger. " I had sent for you to tell you that I would try to take you.—Mary, you have much to learn." She fell on her knees, and covered his hands with kisses and tears. " How vile I am !" she cried. " Forgive me! No, I will not go. I have deceived you—l have insulted you." " How, my child ?" " I told him I was your wife, and he kas already agreed to take me." 1 John Muir blushed crimson, and, pushing her from him, rose. She remained weeping. " I will not go," said he at hist. She did not move. " I will send for this man, and tell him that you have lied." Still she did not stir. He paced the room again, and then muttered, half to himself, " I will write to Charles and explain. In the hopes of France he will forget me." At the word " Charles" the kneeling woman raised her head with a sudden, eager look. At the word " France," she sprang erect, darted at the letter, and struck it open with a trembling hand. Muir snatched it from her, but not before Hie had read the words with which the farcical humor of the republican-noble had con cluded his message : Marqnit de Saint- Hnnige. "John Muir," slowly said she. "You must not .abandon me. I demand to share the means of escape whnh have been provided for you, for they have been provided by the men who sent me unjustly here." John Muir stared at her aghast " Is this so ?" " As I hope for pardon." " And the charge was false V "It was. You do nat know that man so well as I. To gain hia ends he would betray all, any —his dearest friend. Drops of sweat stood on Muir's brow. A frightful suspicion seized him and made him shudder. " I will take you," he said. "If you are lying, the punishment fall on your own head." " I am content," said she. Muir folded up the letter, and put it in his breast. " In an hour," said she, " a boat will be at the little reach yonder. You must account for my dress by saying that you had to disguise me in it." " Then we travel ?" " As man and wife," said Mary Frith, who had suddenly regained all her old sternness. " Come, let me put some clothes and your books to gether." "No," said Muir. "I will take nothing; nothing but this," and he took out a little pocket-Bible. " You value it, then ?" He turned the first page, and showed her there the name of his wife, and the date of his wedding-day. Chapter 111. BY LAND. A tribe of liidiaus who occupied the moun tainous coast of West America, one day found on the shore between Nootkn Sound and the Sacramento River, a party of white people. They surrounded them, and the strangers expressed by signs that they were the remnant of the crew of a vessel which had been wrecked. In 1792 the country round what is now called Utah was untrodden by the foot of Europeans. At San Francisco, there was but a small Spanish settlement. California was not, Salt Lake un known, and the Indian warriors roamed in all their primitive greatness over their own virgin prairies. The North American Indian is not cruel, save when at war with his enemies. The brave ]>eople with whom Catlin lived were as honest and as kind- hearted as those who cherished Joaquin Miller beneath the shadow of Shasta, The chief took the famishing wretches to their lodge?, and waimed them with food and fire. The Indian remarked with surprise that one of the folk he had rescued was a woman having h;ur of a color he had never before seen. The shipwrecked party were, in fact, Captain Smith, a sailor named Black, John Muir, and the woman who had shared his fortunes. The schooner had been caught in a gale and driven ou the coast. The four were all tliat escaped alive out of her. The Indians to^k counsel. The two men were able and strong. The third man was weak, and the woman was beautiful beyond all they had dreamed of beauty. They began by suggesting that the two strong meu, Smith and Black, should become warriors, adopting the dress and wearing the arms which their own warriors wore. The two consented. The chiefs then retired apart. " You will defend me ?" said Mary Frith, to the captain and the sailor. "Of course," was the reply. They had no suspicion of her, and believed her to be Muir's wife. To Muir she said only, " I have brought you bad fortune. You had Jonah on board." "That is foolish, Mary," said Muir. "But come here. I have something to give you." ' Before the reader gn*i« astonishment at this story, I will take leave to tell him that the circumstance* of the conviction, transportation, and subsequent adven tures of the hero are ti-><f. Several Scotch gentlmen, to wit, Palmer, Margarot, Muir, Gerald, and Skirving, were transported to Botany Bay for the offence of leasing niaking, or inciting to sedition. Their case met with much sympathy in America, and General Washington sent a vewtel, the Otter, to rescue them. Mr. Muir es caped in her, anil went through all the adventure* ascribed to him. 1 linve only altered the date of occur rences and the catastrophe of liis remarkable history. The events described really took place in 17iU—1707 ; and Muir was buried at Chantilly, at the expense of the French nation, in 175)8. — JLC. She went aside with him, and he placed in her hand a little silver-mounted pistol, which he had secreted when on board the schooner. " I had intended this for my own defence," said he ; " but you need it more. It is loaded. Use it" " I will not have it, sir," she protested. " You are weak." But he would not be denied, and she hid the weapon in her dress, with murmured thanks. He withdrew from her, and sitting down at a little distance, pulled out his Bible and began to read it One of the Indians came up, and took the book from bis hand enquiringly. Muir pointed upwards, and bowed reveren tially. The Indian gave him the book at once, and went away to tell his friends that the white man was a magician. The Council broke up presently, and discussion was ended without decision. The Indians who had taken possession of Smith and the sailor endeavored to make them understand that a dispute, concerning the possession of the golden haired woman, had arisen between two of the chiefs. For that night, therefore, she was to re main in the great lodge. The pair were separated ; but Muir prayed aloud, and he could hear her weeping response. "If I can only save her wandering and un quiet spirit," thought he. " If he would only love me," thought she, " I would like to live." There was a thunderstorm in the night, and the Indians, who had heard Muir's prayers, at tributed the downfall of rain to his magical arts. The next morning the council was resumed ; but this time a new point arose in the debate. The value of Muir had risen in consequence of the reports as to his acquirements, and it was proposed to set him against the woman, and draw lots for choice. The lota were drawn, ana Mary Frith fell to the share of the chief who had la3t claimed her. This man was unpopular, and a murmur arose. Shosnotee, however, advanced to claim his prize, when Muir, who of course knew nothing of the reputation he had acquired, stepped before the warrior and his victim. Shosnotee would have struck him then and there, but that he dared not injure that which had become the property of another. Captain Smith and the sailor Black stepped to the side of Muir. The warriors stood motionless to see what would ensue. What they saw was this. The white girl sank upon her knees, and Muir raised his hands above her to bless her. As he did so Shosnotee seized her by the left arm, but before her companions could interfere, the woman sprang to her feet, and pointed her finger at the Indian. From her hand csime a flash of fire, and Shosnotee bounded into the air with a cry and then fell on his face dead. The circle simultaneously closed. Muir thought the end was come : " Down on your knees," he cried, " and let us commend our souls to God!" "The magician! the magician!" cried the chief, who had made observation of the Bible. " He will call down the thunder !" There was a pause. "Cowards!" said a voice near him; and looking up he saw Mary Frith, her golden hair unbound, her bosom bursting its coarse boddice, her eyes flashing fire, standing over the body of the dead chief, with the empty pistol levelled at the retreating Indians. "By the Lord Harry, Mr. Muir," said Adam Black, composedly, " but thy good lady's a match for 'em all." " I wish she had another bullet, though," said Captain Smith. But there was to be no necessity for anotb er bullet The effect of firearms was unknown to these men into whose peaceful realm* had come no Canadian trappers, no French soldiers seeking alliance. The instruments of death, which were familar enough to the Delawares, had never been seen by this primitive people of Oregon. They had but one conclusion, the man with the book was a great mediee&s-man;, and could give power to those whom he fcvored to kill with lightning. The chieu nawi jut aad begged him to enter the great lodge. MmV pouted to the woman, aad gave them to understand that wherever be went ahe must go too. Tlieybraaglrt her nimtantrj, and besought her protection and favor. The body of Skosnotee was given Indian burial, but ha km did'not desire to avenge him, for H was pfctin that he had offended the Great Spirit and had rightly met his doom. The four were then solemnly adopted into the Indian tribe. • The history of Muir's labors m that wilder ness have become a matter of history. He re covered his strength in the free Indian life, *nA acquired a knowledge of his captors' language and customs. He soon dispelled their notions of his magical powers, but—with the simple faith that was in him—he taught them his Uni tarian faith in One God the Lord of all things, and urged them to deeds of justice and of mercy. He was loved and venerated. He had almost become reconciled to the notion of end ing his days among the happy and honest people, when one day he made a discovery. Captain Smith had, with the consent of the chiefs, been early set on his way back to civilisa tion, and had, Muir hoped, reached some settle ment on the coast. Adam Black fell sick, and died. Muir gave him burial after the fashion of his own country, and amid the silent crowd read over the grave from the Bible which he had revealed to them. When the service was over, he went into his lodge, and threw himself upon a pile of skins. " And is this to be the end of my life, the ter mination of my hopes ?" said he, as though for answer the figure of Mary Frith stood before him. The exercise, the fine air, the glorious life of the prairie and the mountain, had given to the woman —always beautiful—the carriage and mien of a goddess. Clad in her Indian costume, with bow and quiver at her back, with buskined feet and bare embrowned arms, she looked like a Diana. "We are alone now," said she. " All alone." "I was thinking so," replied Muir. ,"We must end our lives here together." " Ay, together," said she. There was something in the accent which made the man turn and look at her. It was impossible to look at that splendid embodiment of health and not feel its beauty. " Mary ! what do you mean ?" " You have let me call you my husband. I have nursed you, saved your life; if we stop here together, as you Bay, old ties, old forgotten ties—what am I saying i I love you." He sat still bewildered. He had never thought of this. Accustomed to regard her as a being outside the pale of love such as he could offer, and having in bis heart a sort of religion which was the memory of his lost bride, it had never occurred to him that the grand creature who stood quivering with passion before him thought of him in any other light but that of a friend. " Listen !" she went on rapidly ; " I have loved you since the moment I saw you. Not with guilty love, but with pure, passionate love. You have saved me from myself. You have made me a woman, and given me a woman's heart. I love you passionately." He was silent, though she paused for his answer. "Do you not love me a b'ttle, John Muir '{ Is your heart still clinging to the wife you may never see ( Where is she ? Why did she not come to you ? Had I been your wife I would have followed you to the world's end. Are you stone '! Answer me !" He had buried his head in his Lands, but he raised it when she stopped speaking. His face was terribly pale, and his eyes shone. " I have been looking into my own heart," he said. " Your words have shown me something there which I never thought to see. Mary Frith, I do love you." She made a motion as though to fling herself on his breast, but he repelled her. " Had I the courage to have boldly searched my own heart 'ere this, I might have spared you this bitterness. But I was afraid to tel! myself that friendship with a woman is too often but another name for love. I do love you sincerely, truly, fatally. Let that knowledge content you. But I must not be villain as well as coward. This book —this memento which I failed to be reminded by—was given me by a woman purer than you, who loved me, I think, aa dearly as you do, though in different fashion. That woman's heart may have changed as mine has done, but I know that she will never break her marriage-vow. She will never be the wife of another while there is hope that I am yet living. la it not my duty to be as true to her?" Mary Frith looked at him—all the passion burnt out of her—with silent tears running down her cheeks. " You are right. Be it so," and without an other word she turned. " Stay," said John Muir. " Let us not tempt fate further. This life is not the best, not the right one for either of us to lead. My duty is plain now. I will go." || Go? Where?" "Across the mountains. Across the seas. Back to the land I have left, and the woman who mourns me." "And I?" "You shall come with me. God's hand is with us always, and 'tis He that shapes our fate. Who knows what the future holds ?" They stood for a few moments without speech or motion, looking at each other as those look between whom a great gulf is fixed. Then Mary Frith covered her face with her hands, and went out quickly. Chapter IV. BY SEA. Diego Sonora, commandant of Monterez, was a man of good heart, and when the tat tered and travel-worn pair had told him their story, he promised to protect them. The little fort made much of them, and lis tened with many expressions of sympathy to the strange history of their captivity and jour ney. Muir concealed nothing—save the fact that the woman who passed as his wife was no more to him than a sister—and the Spaniards gaped in wonderment at the record of his perils and his adventure. The Indians were, for the settlers on the Pacific Coast, a hostile and bloodthirsty race, and it needed the strong tes timony of the dress and demeanor of the fugi tives to make them believe that any white folk could pass unscathed through the mountains and the forests. As for the history of Muir's exile, that passed without question. Spain was at war with England, and Spaniards could un derstand any iniquity committed by the Go vernment of that hated islaud. They were over whelmed with kindness and attention. But to all offers of residence and friendship, Muir was deaf. He was set upon reaching Europe, and after many delayß a passage was obtained for the pair in the Nymph—a treasure ship bound for Cadiz. The voyage was uneventful, save for the devel opment of mental agony which it caused. The journey across the Indian territory had been fruitful in hardships, and Muir felt his he^rt drawn closer than before to the woman who had shared his dangers and his toils. The tribe had wept about him when he departed, and im plored him to return. For her sake he had often been tempted to turn back, and strive no more. But .she would not hear of it. Love had never been again spoken of between them, but Muir had often awoke to find her eyes fixed on his face ; had often, when she slept, heard her mutter his name in her dreams. They both longed, yet dreaded to reach that civilisation which would command them each to go different ways. The two frigates—for the Nymph was under convoy—had sighted the Spanish coast, when from out the early morning mists came two vessels, flying the English flag. They were part of Sir John Jervis' squadron,* on the look out for Spanish treasure ships, and they in atantly gave chase. Flight was useless, and the Spaniards came to an anchor in Canille Bay. The English frigates anchored abreast of them, a mile from the shore, and a desperate conflict ensued. For six hours the fight waged with varying for tune ; but at last, with masts dragging over the aide, the captain dead, and the deck strewn with corpses, the Nymph surrendered. The officersand crew of the Irresistible boarded their prize. The first on deck was a youug man in a lieutenant's uniform. He cabt his eyes around, and amidst the carnage he saw an un usual sight. A woman lay stretched upon one of the corpses. He hastened to raise her, and found that she had swooned. The body upon which she had fallen was lying in a curious posture. The hands were clasped as though in prayer, and a small book was between them. Kenneth M'Crae took the book, and turning to the first leaf read there the handwriting of Junet Muir. A» he stood amazed and trembling, the wounded man revived and looked at him. " In God's name, who are you ?" cried M'Crae. Tn« other recognised the voice. Jvhi, Muir, dear friend !" " Joan ii"ir k dead," said the other. "He was bet at ae*.^ .. "No, Kenneth, he ha..comrfcask to claim his traat Where is my wife ?" " Alive and well," returned the other. " And hoping for my nhu V "Ay, ay? &anlj;" " That is wen," and Mm hinted Kenneth M'Crae ton his eoUar open, and staggered to the shot- tattered bulwarks. " I am dishonored," he said. " I have betrayed my trust !" He felt a hand upoa his arm. It was the woman wham he had raised from his friend's body. "He asked for his wife," said she. "Do you know her ?" " By what right do you ask ?" " The right of a woman who loves." A gleam of a hope that was despair broke in upon M'Crae's soul. " Then he, too, is unfaithful?" "In mind only. Who can control love. Is she then faithless!" " She—she is as pure as light "Tis I that am to be despised. Listen to me. I loved this man's wife from girlhood. She married him. He left her in my care. Her father died, and I placed her with my uncle at Plymouth. I was true to my trust, until one day we heard that he had been drowned. The news seemed indubi table. The widow's mourning over, I discovered that she too had misled her path in life—that she loved me." He thrust a shaking hand into his breast and pulled out a pocket-book. " Here is a letter from her promising to be my wife on my return." The silence which followed upon this revela lation was broken by a carmen shot. " A gun from the Irresistible?" cried one of the English officers. "By heaven ! Look yonder!" M'Crae turned, and saw rounding the point, three French ships of the live. "To the boate, men !" he cried. "We are beset!" It was so. The victors were about to be attacked in their turn. The Nymph—her decks cleared, and the wounded taken already below—was left to her own devices. All hands were needed now to repel the unexpected onset of the French vessels. Mary Frith placed herself beside the hammock where Muir lay insensible. Bewildered by the intelligence she had received, she sat motionless through the fury of fighting that roared around her. What did it matter to her which side conquered ? The man she loved, and had almost won, lay at the point of death. At length the sudden entry of several persons into the cabin roused her. A glance at their uniform told her how the day had gone. Out numbered, out-matched, and already exhausted witli their previous efforts, the crews of the English ships fell an easy prey. They had not surrendered, but they had been overpowered. " Wo had best put the prisoners on board the Spaniard," said the French captain. " The Euglish lady and the crew of the Plymouth yacht can come with them also." Mary Frith raised her eyes at these words, and saw before her a slight, dark-haired woman. As Kenneth M'Crae, covered with blood and clutching his broken sword in his hand, was carried past, this pale-faced woman uttered a cry, and would have fallen but that Mary Frith caught her in her arms. " Your name .'" she whispered, fiercely. " Janet Muir !" " I guessed it;" and she led her round the hummock. " Have you forgotten your hua band .'" Chapter V. THE TERROR. The prisons of Paris were crowded with prisoners, whom the Revolutionary tribunal ordered out for execution at the rate of seventy a day. The English priaonere-of-war were said to be separated from the " aristocrats," but the pro mise was not alwaya carried out. In the general * Tliii occurrence actually took place three rears I I later. I bare taken poetic license to pre-tiate it.—M. C. | anarchy and wild thirst for bloodshed, those who had the immediate control of the captives put them where they thought fit. It thus happened that Kenneth M'Crae and Janet Muir both found themselves inmates of La Force. John Muir and the woman who passed for his wife had been received with much demonstration by the Convention, who decreed him an asylum and a pension. He was still very ill from the effects of his wounds, and un able to leave his bed. Mary Frith had told him nothing of the return of his wife, or of the un happy love of M'Crae. He thought her still in Scotland, and believed that his friend had perished at the taking of the Irresistible. One day John Muir was visited by the Presi dent of the Revolutionary Tribunal, Citizen Letellier. " I am sorry that you have been here so long without a visit from from me," said he ; " but we are busy now—lopping off heads." " I predicted these excesses," returned Muir, weakly. " This is not Liberty." " No, but it leads to Liberty. We are paving the way with the corpses of oppressors. As my friend Donton said, 'The United Kings wage war against us; we hurl at their feet as a gage of battle —the head of a King !'" "Aud this is approved by the Marquis de Saint Huruge.'" " Why not ? I have heard Phillipe Egalite* say as much." " Aud yet—though he voted for the death of the King—you killed him also." " Why not ? We kill everybody. They will kill me one of these days. Well, I have lived my life." When he had gone, Jolin Muir fell into a reverie. It seemed to him that he had for the first time awoke to the consciousness of evil in this man. He began to suspect that he had had some share in his imprisonment. Citizen Letellier went straight from the cham ber of Muir to the prison of La Force. He had but just learned the name of the woman who had been taken by the French cruiser, and he wished to see if Muir was aware that his wife was in France. By one of those common acci dents which occur to busy men, he did not know that auother wouian claiming to be Muir's wife was there also. The prisoners of La Force held "drawing-rooms" in their dungeon, paid visits, and made calls. There was an endeavor to to make light of death. Some, however, were sad and terrified, and crept away into corners to await their trial. From among a group of this sort the gaoler brought Janet Muir. Letellier received her alone. When she saw him she uttered a cry of disgust. '" You here !" " Dearest Janet," Baid he, " It is fortune which has thrown you in my path. You cannot refuse now to listen to me, for your husband is dead." " That i 3 not true. He live 3. I have seen him." "Oh ! have you so ?" said Letellier, nothing abashed. " Well, he does not know that you are here. Come, quit this folly ; you are in my power." "Not quite," she returned. "I have one here who will protect me." " Who is that ?" he sneered. " Kenneth M'Crae." The instant she had uttered the sentence, ahe wished it unspoken, for his face grew dark, and an expression of hatred filled his eyes. " Always that man," he said, aud, calling the attendant, scribbled a few words on a BUp of paper, and handed it to him. "Take that to Citizen Fourquier-Tinville," said he, and left without another word. Janet Muir related the circumstances of the interview to M'Crae. " The villain !" he cried. " I knew him for one long since. 'Twas he who procured your husband's sentence. We are lost." " Lost! Why V " Fourquier-Tinville is the public prosecutor." The trial was had—or what they termed a trial—and the president himself bore witness that the accused was an English aristocrat, and a spy of Pitt. " She is the wife of the patriot, John Muir," cried Kenneth. " That cannot be. The name i 3 similar, but," cried a citizen present, " I yesterday saw the wife of the patriot Muir. She was saved with him on board the Spanish ship." Charles Letellier started, he had not known this. "It is easy to see that the English dog lies," said he, and passed sentence—Death. But with M'Crae it was not so easy to pro cure a conviction. It was clear that he was a prisoner of war, an English officer. TheoMH vention wore already murmuring at the act*, of the revolutionary tribunal, and it would b» biaft to make a show of justice in one instanr* at least. So M'Crae was " remanded for consider ation." When bo wm returned to hit priaon, h* bagged hit gaoler to do him a favor. . r "What.i»itr • Cany thu letter to the *ifc <d the CHfaett Mvrir in the Rue Mirabeau." " But I must know its contents." " Read it." " I have not that accoini>lishment, Citizen." " Well, you can trust your own officer there." The officer smiled and bowed. To the Citizen*** Mvir, lint Mirabci'v. Janet Muir was condemned by Letellier this morning. Use your influence as the wife of the Patriot to save her. Kenneth M'Crae. " I Bee no harm in that" Baid the officer. Just about the time when M'Crae was writing this letter a terrible change came over John. Muir. He called, and Mary Frith came to him. " I am dying," he said. " I feel it. Good bye, my dear ; I have always loved you. Be good, and ." She raised him in her arms. " What is it you would say ?" "We have been unhappy, but we have done right. I leave her to you. Mary, my love, —befriend my—wife !" Speechless with grief, she pressed him to her bofeoiu. He turned his lips to hers, and for the first and last time kissed her. When she loosened his arms from her neck, he fell back dead. At that instant the servant entered with M'Crae's letter. It was nearly midnight when Letellier re ceived a message that a woman desired to see him on public business. " A woman / Who is she ?" " The wife of the Patriot Muir." "I will see her." He bent eagerly forward as she entered, cloaked and veiled. " Remember Marat!" said the servant. Mary Frith let fall her cloak, and Letellier started as th /Ugh he had seen a ghost. " You .'" he cried. " Yes. I escaped in the same vessel which brought the man whose name 1 boar." " He h.us not married you, has he '. " laughed he uneasily. " You well know that he could not. HU wife is living." " You know tliat too." " And I know also that she has been condemned by you." " True." " Well, spare her." " It is impossible." " You can pardon her." " No." She paused for an instant, as if to collect her thoughts. He watched her smiling, and a. sense of her splendid beauty begiin to penetrate him as it had done years before. Suddenly she turned her eyes upon him and laughed. " You are sure that you will not pardon this woman ?" " What do you meau ?" " You are sure that nothing can prevent her death V " If you say that you will make me happy !" She rose and paced the room. " Then you do not like her/" " Like her ! I hate her. She stepped between me and the man of my love. He was faithful to her memory, and refused my love !" "He was a fool," said Letellier, overcome by her words and her beauty. " You are a thou sand times more beautiful than she." Mary Frith came close to him. " I spurned you once Charles, and you basely punished me. I think we might forget that now ;" and she looked up into his face with the eyes of her old self. He seized her bauds—they were icy cold. " Why, your hands are like death." "My heart is warm," said she, and drew 1 nearer to him. " Will you accept the protection I offered you ( once, Mary!" "On one condition. That you make my re- ' venge complete. Let me see and triumph over | this woman. Let me know that she is dead." < " What would you do ?" i ( " Give me a pass to her prison—an order to | , Bee her mount the .-scaffold. Then, when she is dead, I will return to you." ; " How beautifully cruel you are ! " said he. Just theu a message came from the Conven tion. Citizen Letellier was wauted instantly. There had been a riot. Robespierre had been | insulted ; the tribunal impeached. He must j come. | " See, I must leave you. This means death of some of us«. " Then give me the order quick." Scarcely knowing what he did in his agitation, he signed the order she required. " We meet," said he. " To-morrow, I hope," was her reply. It was gray dawn when Mary Frith reached the prison, and was admitted into the large dungeon where were th<jse tried that morning. Janet Muir was sitting on a bench supported by Kenneth M'Crae. She started up when she saw the visitor. " Woman ! what do you here <" " I have come to tell you of your husband's death." " His death!" " He died in my arms." "Oh ! infamous !" "And he made me promise to befriend you." " I do not wish your friendship." "Nevertheless, it must be offered to you. Ah, do not spurn me !" Janet Muir, exerting all her strength, flung off the suppliant woman, and then—overcome by excitement, terror, and anger —swooned in Kenneth's arms. The heavy step of the guard was heard com ing down the corridor. Mary Frith sprang to her feet, and raising the body of the insensible woman bore it into the heavy embrasure of the window. Then she thrurt into Kenneth's hands a bundle of papers. " What are these !' " A safe conduct and a passport. They are made out, you see, for the wife of the Patriot Muir. That is she, give them to her." "But you?" " Number 208, the aristocrat Muir!" cried the officer of the guard outside. " Here !" said Mary Frith, and passed through the doorway. "She has saved your life," said Kenneth, when Janet recovered her senses. " She has gone to die instead of you." Janet Muir fell on her kneea, " Oh, Father, what are we that we should judge ? Thou only knoweat the hearts of Thy children." The prayer was interrupted by a skurrying noise. The prisoners were all hurrying to one spot. Presently a great shout went up. Kenneth ran to the door and came back with a Btrauge look on his face. " What is it ?" asked Janet. "Freedom! The Tribunal is abolished, Robespierre arrested, and Letellier is dead by bis own hand. They are opening the prisons. Our release is only a matter of time now. The terror is over." " Letellier dead ?" asked someone. . " Yes. Despairing and defeated, he refused to obey the order of arrest, and drawing a pistol killed hiinfie'f. The other 3 will be tried to morrow." " At what hour did the miscreant die ?" " Exactly as the cannon on the terrace of St. Sulpice fired." " Why," said a third patriot, who had been at the guillotine that morning, " that was precisely at the moment la mrre whipped off the head of the golden- haired aristocrat." [THE KNH).] 