.The Cat, and the Ghost. . Of asuddon I became aware that some thing had affeoted my oat's oqnanimity. The purring ceased, nnd she exhibited rapidly increasing symptoms of uneasinoss. I bent down and endeavoured to coax her into quiet, neis, but she in3tantiy straggled to her feat in my lap and spitting vehemently, with back arched, and still swollen, alio assumed a mingled attitude of terror and derianco. The change of her position obliged me to raise my head, and on looking up, to my inexpressible horror, I then perceived that a little, hideous, wrinkled old hag occupied mamma's chair. Her hands wore rested on her knees, and her body was stooped forward bo as to bring her face in close proximity with mine, Her eyes, piercingly fierce, and shin ing with an overpowering lnatre, were stead fastly fixed on me. It was as if a fiend were glaring at mo through them. Her dress and general appearance denoted her to belong to the French bourgeoisio ; but those eyes, so wonderfully large, aud in their expression so intcnoly wicked, entirely absorbed my senses, and precluded any attention to detail. I should havo screamed, but my breath was gone ; whilst that terrible gazo so horribly faaoinated rne, I oould neither withdraw my eyes nor riee from my Beat. I had meanwhile been trying to koop a tight hold on the cat, bat she seemed resolu tely determined not to remain In anoh ugly neighborhood, and after some most desperate efforts at length succeeded in esoaping from mv grasp. Leaping over tables, chairs, and ali that came in her way, she repeatedly threw herself, with frightful voileaoe, against tho top panel of the door which communioated with the disused room. Then returning in the same frantio manner, she furiously dashed ngeinsttho door on the opposite side. My terror was divided, and I looked by tarns, now at the old woman, whoso great stating eyes were constantly fixed on mo, and now at tho cat, who was becoming every instant more frantio. At last tho dreadful idea the animal had gone msd had the effect of restoring my breath and I screamed loudly. Mamma ran ia immediately, and the cat, an the door opening, literally sprang over her head, and for upward of half an hour ran up and down tha stsirB as if pnrsned, I turned to point to tho object of my terror — it was gone. Under such circumstances the lapse of timo is difficult to appreciate, but I should say that tho apparition lasted about four or five minute. Somo time afterwards it transpired that a fnrmur nrfinMttfcnr nf fcha hmiRO. a woman, bad hanged herself in that vory room, — Rev J. G. Wood. 