p- H IIO?E,' T' RADE. re,I There is always a species of warfare of going on in London (and the same is ig- the case elsewhere) between the trades lie men who. luhave a conscience and those nd who keep no such article in stock. It )n may be the case, and probably is, that 1[r the nman without a conscience occa in sionally gets the best of the market, ia- and thatthe honesterman isthe sufferer; ar but in the long run the old adage in he ftvour of honesty is justified, and the ly honest policy succeeds. For there is lie always this immense advantage on the d, side of the fair dealer-viz., that his. th transactions will bear investigation, and is therefore lie can stand his ground and i- confidently wait the ultimate verdict of is the public. On the other hand, the to tricky dealer-the adulterator and the is sophisticstor- nmust make a hit soon, Er or lhe is not likely to make it at all. In Ir all neighbourhoods there are people who.. as will have their eye on him, and judge in him, and take care that heis known for nl- what he is. It is reputation, after all, so that is the best stock in trade, and the ik genuine dealer knows. this, and is so it thoroughly convinced of it, that he t culdtivates reputation above all things, "s and will sacrifice anything or every n thing else to maintain that inviolate.. y " I can make that do," said a gentleman .n to a tradesman to whom he lha given is a great deaIl of trouble. "Nay," was \- the answer, " If you can make it do I r- cannot, sir; I see it is. not what it "y should lb, and I cannot consent to let w itout of my hands in a defective state." s That was the expression of a true man, c- and we can assert with. confidence to that the feeling' which dictated it is y commnon to multitudes of the. shopkeep y ing traders and manuficturers, not only i, of the capital, but of the whole country. I£ IE ;t abm.o nvoat ao, ha u aouila it cmom in pass that there are, not only in London, y but throughout the provinces, certain \- houses. of business and certain indi .t viduals, whose names are a guarantee is for the excellence of the articles in s, which they deal, as well as for their a fairness and liberality in dealing. Per a sons conversant with trade and mann f factures know very well that with. re 1 gard to any product of industry that 1 can possibly be named there are certain o men or women, or certain firms, who g will supply it of the best quality. It r does not seem to be of much importance Swhalt the thing be which a man makes, e so that he makes it well. As surely as h- lie can make it better than his. rivals, L and sell it at a fair price, so surely will lihe in the long run get a reputation for t it, which means that he will make a much money by it. It may be a mon t ster steam-engine, the moving spirit of s our iron-clad leviathans of battle; it a may be a biscuit that relishes pleasantly on a lunchecn.tray; it may be a screw, at nail, a pin, a needle, a reel of cotton, a lucifer-match, or anything else of even c less significance than that. No matter E whlmt it is, if it is a thing of real use c and general demand, and is the best of I > its kind, it will prove of sufficient im- 1 portance to found a reputation and i build up a fortune. This, of course, is E not the place to record the names of those who might be cited in illustration r of the truth of what we affirm; most 1 readers will be able to tell over a list of them in their minds, seeing that so 1 many of them have long been house- I hold words in almost every home. s These are the examples which the young tradesman should set up for his imita tion, if he means to do business in the right way. The fact that there are so' Smany tricky traders ever ready to de lude is one that is in favour of the n really honest man, if only he can have I patience " and bide his time." In- c tegrity and uprightness, if they are not i always at a premium, are sure of recog nition and appreciation sooner or later; c and if their progress is slow it is sure. c Further, of all methods of doing busi ness, the honest method is the comfort- E Sable method, as being the simplest and < the most free from anxiety, not to speak - of the higher motives which will always affect the business life of a true man. 1 "Plain dealing," says one, ,"is safe sailing ;" and plain- dealing is what the 1 public wants. If we want a free break- i fast-table, we want still more an honest I one-honest bread, honest butter, tea, t coffee, milk, sugar, eggs, &c.-instead; of the substitutes, adulterated and stale, with which we are too often treated. We want genuine beer, wine, and spirits, if we want them at all; and we want r fair weight and measure in the place of a liglit weight, the fraudulent bottles, and t lying envelopes in which too many of e our liquors anid viands are contained.- s Leisure lour. 't ,It Since the ghost broke out at Carthage, ' theboyssayit ismnuch more pleasant escort- .' ing girls home from the literary society, d 