TALES AND SSETCHES. JTHE LAW AND THE LADY. fRjr WILKIE COLLINS. Chapter XXXIII.— A Specimen op My Folly.— (Continued.) He seemed to bo pleased, instead of offended, by tho bold manner in which I expressed myself. "My dear Mrs. Eustace, you hove no reasoa to be angry with me ! In one respect, I entirely share your view— with thiB difference, that I go a little further than you do. " I don't understand you." " You will understand me directly. You de scribe Dexter's feeling for the lateMr&> Eustace as a happy mixture of respect and affection. I can tell you, it was a much warmer feeling to wards her than that. I have my information, from tho poor lady herself — who honored me with her confidence and friendship forthe best pari of her life. Before she married Mr. Macallan — she kept it a secret from him, and yon had better keep it a secret too— Miserrimus Dexter was in love with her.. Miserrimus Dexter asked her — deformed as he was, seriously asked her — to be his wife. "Andin the face of that," I cried, " you say that he poisoned her !" "I do. I see no other conclusion possible, after what happened during your visit to him 1 You all but frightened him into a fainting-fit. What was he afraid of?" I tried hard to find an answer to. that. 'I even . embarked on an answer, without quite knowing where my own words might lead me. "Mr. Dexter is an old and true friend of my husband's," I began. " When he heard me say I was not satisfied with, the verdict he might have felt alarmed " ' "He might have felt alarmed at the possible consequences to your husband of re-opening the inquiry," said Mr. Playmore, ironically finishing the sentence for me. "Rather far-fetched, Mrs. Eustace! and not very consistent with your faith in your husband's innocence ! Clear your mind of one mistake," he continued, seriously, " which may fatally mislead you, if you persist in pursuing your present course. Miserrimus Dexter, you may take my word for it, ceased to he your husband's friend on the day when your husband married his first wife. Dexter has kept np appearances, I grant you — both in. public and in private. His evidence in his friend's favor at tho Trial was given with the deep feeling which everybody ex pected from him. Nevertheless, I firmly believe, looking under the surface/ that Mr. Macallan has no bitterer enemy living than Miserrimus Dexter." He turned me cold. I felt that here, at least, he was right. My husband had wooed and won the woman who had refused Dexter's offer of marriage. Was Dextor the man to forgive that? My own experienee answered me— and said, No. "Bear in mind what I have told you," Mr. Playmore proceeded. . "And now let us get on to your own position in this matter, and to tho interests that you have at stake. Try to adopt my point of view for the moment ; and let us inquire what chance we have of making any further advance towards a discovery of the truth. It is one thing to be morally convinced (a3 I am) that Miserrimus Dexter is the man who ought to have been tried for the murder at Glen- inch ; and it is another thing, at this distance of time, to lay our hands on the plain evidence which can alone justify anything like a public assertion of his guilt. There, as I see it, is the insuperable difficulty in the case. Unless I am completely mistaken, the question is narrowed to this plain issue : — The public assertion of yonr husband's innocence depends entirely on the public assertion of Dexter's guilt. How are you to qrrive at that result ? Thero is not a particle of evidence against him. You can only convict Dexter on Dexter's own confession.. Are yon listening to me ?" I was listening, most unwillingly." If he was right, things had indeed come to that terrible pass. But I could not — with all my respect for his superior knowledge and experience — I could not persuade myself that he was right. And I owned it, with the humility whieh I really felt. He smiled good-humoredly. " At any rate," he said, " you will admit that Dexter has not freely opened his mind to you, thus far ? He is still keeping something from Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved, your knowledge which you are interested in dis covering?" "Yes. I admit that." . " Very good. What applies to "your view of the case applies to mine. I say, ho is keeping from you the confession of his guilt. You say, .he is keeping from you information which may fasten the guilt on some other person. Let us start fiom that point. Confession, or informa tion, how are you to get at what he is now with holding from you? What influence can you bring i to bear on him when you see him again?" "Surely, I might persuade him ?" "Certainly. And if persuasion fails — what .then? Do you thiuk you can entrap him into speaking out? or terrify him into speaking out?" "If you will look at your notes, Mr. Playmore, you will see that I havo, already succeeded in terri- fying him — though 1 am only a woman, and though I did'nt moan to do it." "Very well answered ! Yon mark the trick. What you have done once you think you can do again. Well ! 03 yon are determined to try the experiment, it can do you no harm to know a little more of Dexter's character and tempera ment than you know now. Suppose wo apply for information to somebody who can help ua 2" 1 started, and looked round tho room. He 'made me do it : he spoke as if the person who was to help us was close at our elbowB. , "Don't be alarmed/' he said. " Tho oracle is Bilent ; and the oracle is here." . He unlocked one of tho drawers of his desk ; produce a bundle of letters ; and picked out one. . " When we were arranging your husband's de fence," he said, " we felt some difficulty about including Miserrimus Dexter among our wit nesses. We had not the slightest suspicion of him— I need hardly tell you. But we wore all ' afraid of his eccentricity ; and some among us even feared that tho excitement of appearing at the Trial might drive him completely out of his mind. In this emergency, we applied to a doctor to help us. Under some pretext, which I forget now, wo introduced him to Dexter. And in due course of time we re ceived his report, Here it is." Ho opened the letter ; and, marking a certain passage in it with a pencil, handed it to me. "Read the lines which 1 have marked,' he said ; " they will be quite sufficient for our purpose." ' I read these words ' "Summing up the results of my observation, I may give it as my opinion that there is un- undoubtedly latent insanity in this case ; but that no active symptoms of madness havo pic- sented themselves as yet. You may, I think, produce him at the Trial without fear of con sequences. He may say and do all Boris of odd things ; but he has his mind under the con trol of his will, and you may trust his Bolf-es- teem to exhibit him in the character of a sub stantially intelligent witness. "As to the future, I am, of conrso, not able to speak positively. I can only state my views. " That he will end in madness (if ho lives), I entertain little or no doubt. Tho question of when themadness will show itself depends en tirely on the state of his health. His nervous system is highly sensitive ; and there aro signs that his way of life has already damaged it. If ho conquers the bad habits to which 1 have al luded in an earlier part of my report, and if he passes many houxB of every day very quiotlyin the open air, ho may last as a Bane man for years to come. If he persists in his present way of life, or, in other words, if further mischief occurs to that sensitive nervous system— his lapse into in sanity must infallibly take place when tho mis chief has reached the culminating point. With out warning to himself or to others, tho whole mental structure will give way; and, at a moment's notice, while he is acting as quietly or speaking as intelligently as at his best time, tho man will drop (if I may use the expression) into madness or idiotcy. In either case, when tho catastrophe has happened, it is only due to his friends to add tbat they can (as I believe) enter tain no hope of his cure. The balance, once lost, will be lost for life." There it ended. Mr, Playmore put the.leiter back in his drawer. "You have just read the opinion of one of onr highest living authorities," he jsaitL /f(Does Dexter strike you as a likely -man to give his nervous system a chance of recovery?' Do you see no obstacles and no perils in your way ?" My silence answered him," " Suppose you go back to Dexter," he pro ceeded. "And suppose that the doctor's opinion exaggerates the peril in his case. What aro you; to do ? The last time you saw him you had tho immense advantage of taking him by surprise. Those sensitive nerves of his gave way ; and he betrayed the fear that you roused in him. Can you take him by surprise again ? Not you ! Ho is prepared for you now ; and ho will bo on his guard. If you encounter nothing worse, you will have his cunning to deal with next. Are you his match at that? But for Lady Clarinda he would have hopelessly misled you on the sub ject of Mrs. Beauly." . There wa3 no answering this either. I was foolish enough to try to answer it for all that, r " He told me the truth, so far as he knew it," I rejoined." He really saw, what he said he saw, in the corridor at Gleninch." " He told you the truth," returned Mr. Play more, " because he was. cunning enough to see that the truth would help Mm in irritating your suspicions. You don't really believe that he shared your suspicions ?" " Why not ?'' I said. " He was as ignorant of what Mrs. Beauly was really doing on that night as I was — until I met Lady Clarinda. It re mains to be seen whether he will not be as much astonished as 1 was when 1 tell Mm what Lady Clarinda told me." This smart reply produced an effect which I had not anticipated. To my surprise Mr. Playmore abruptly dropped all f ui ther discussion on his side. He appeared to despair of convincing me, and he owned it in directly in his next words. " Will nothing that 1 can say to you," he asked, " induce you to think aa I think in this matter " I havo hot your ability, or your experience/' I answered. " lam sorry to say, I can't think asyoutMnk." " And you aro really determined to see rimus Dexter again ?" « i "I have engaged myself to see him again." He waited a little, and thought over it. " You have honored mo by askiDg for myacN- - vice," he said. " I earnestly advise you, MrSt' Eustace, to break your engagement. I go even further thau that. 1 entreat you not to see Dexter again." Just what my mother-in-law had said i just what Benjamin and Major Fitz-David had said ! Tliey wero all against me. And still 1 held out,1 I wondor, when I look back at it, at my own ob stinacy. I am almost ashamed to relato that I made Mr. Playmqro no reply. Ho waited, still looking at me. I folt irritated by that fixed ; look. I roso, and stood before him with my eyes . on the floor. He rose in his turn. He understood that thfl conference was over. \ "Well ! well !" he said, with a kindof sal good-humor, " 1 suppose it is unreasonable of me' to expect that a yeung woman like you should! share any opinion with an old lawyer like me.' Let me only remind you thnt onr conversation: must remain strictly confidential, for tho present-! and then let us change tho subject. Is there -v anything that 1 can do for yon I Are you aloneilt'- Edinburgh ?" , "No. I am travelling with an old friend-, of' mine, who has known me from childhood." "And do you stay here to-morrow ?'' v "I think so." " Will you do me one favor 7 Will you tMnk ovor-what has passed between us, and will joo1; 'come back to mo in the morning ?'' " Willingly, Mr, Playmore, if it is only to th&nJk-; you again for yonr kindness." On tbat understanding we parted. Houghed, —the clieorful man sighed, &s; ho opened the door, for mo. Women are contradictory creatures. That sigh affected me more than all his -argu ments. I felt myself blush for my own. head - strong resistance to Mm, as I took my leave and - turned away into tho street. Chapter XXXIV.— Gleninch." " Aha 1" said Benjamin complacently. "So the lawyer tMnks, as I do, that you will be highly imprudent if you go back to Mr. Dexter ? A hard-headed sonsible man the lawyer, no doubt. You will listen to Mr. Playmore, (won't you?) though you wouldn't listen -to me?" (I liad, of course, respected Mr. Flaymore'a confidence in mo, when Benjamin and I mot ion my return to tho hotel. Not a word relating to the lawyer's horriblo suspicion of Miserrimua Dexter had passed my lips.) " You must forgive me, my old friend/' I said, answering Benjamin. " I am afraid it has como to this— try as I may, I can listen to nobody who advises me. On our way hero I honestly meant to be guided by Mr. Playmore— we Bbould never have taken this long journey, if I had not honestly meant it. I have tried, tried hard to ho a teachablo, reasonable woman. But there iB something in mo that won't be taught. I am afraid I shall go back to Dexter." , Even Benjamin lost- all paticnco with me thii - time. " What is bred in tho bone/' he said, quoting ' the old proverb, " will never cope out of the flesh. In yeaw gone by, yon were the most ob« stinato child' that ever made amess' in'- a nur« eery. Oh, dear mo, wenughVas-weirhave stayed in London !" ' " No," I replied, " now we have travelled to Edinburgh, we will see something (interesting to me at any rate), which we should never have seen if we had not loft London. My husband's coon try house is within a few miles of us here. "To morrow we will go to Gleninch." " Where tho poor lady was poisoned ?" asked Benjamin, with a look of dismay, " You inean tbat place ?" " Yes. I want to see the room in®which she died ; I want to go all over tho house." Benjamin crossed his hands resignedly on his lap. " I try to understand the new generation," said the old man sadly. " But I can't manage it. The new generation beats me." I sat down to writo to Mr. Playmore about thd visit to Gleninch. Tho houso in which the tra« gedy had occurred that had blighted my hus band's lifo was, to my mind, the most interesting house on the habitable globe. The prospect of visiting Gleninch had, indeed (to tell the truth), strongly influenced my resolution to consult tho Edinburgh lawyer. I sent my note to Mr. Play more by a messenger, and received the kindest reply in return. If I would wait until tho afternoon, ho would get the day's business done, and would take us to Gleninch in his own ' carriage. _ ' . Benjamin's obstinacy — in his own quiet wayi and on certain occasions only— was quite a match for mine. He had privately determined, as one of the old generation, to have nothing to do with Gleniuch. Not a word on the subject escaped him, until Mr. Playmore's carriage was at the hotel door. At that appropriate moment, Benjamin remembered an old friend of. hisin Edin burgh. " Will you pleaso to excuse me, Valeria? My friend's name is Sanders — and he will take it unkindly of me, if I don't dine with him to-day." - Apart from the associations that I connected with it, thero was nothing to interest a traveller at Gleninch. The country round was pretty and well culti vated, and nothing more. The park was, to an English eye, wild and badly kept. The house had been built witMn the last seventy or eighty years. Outside, it was as bare of all ornament as a factory, and as gloomily heavy in effect .as a prison. Inside, tho deadly dreariness, tho close oppressive solitude, of a deserted .dwelling wearied the eye and weighed on the mind, from the roof to tho basement. The house had been shut up since tho time of tho Trial. A lonely old couple, man and wife, had the keys, and tho charge of it. The man shook his head in silent and sorrowful disapproval of our intrusion when Mr. Playmore ordered him to open tha shutters, and let the light in on the dark de serted place, Fires were burning in tho library \- :rU!' 1 . ' — and tho picture gallery, to preserve tho treasures which they centaiiicd' from tlie damp. It was not easy., at first, to look at the cheerful blaze, ' without fancying that the inhabitants of. the liopsc must surely come in and warm themselves! Ascending to tho upper 'floor, I saw the rooms jnado familiar to me by tho report of. tho. Trial. I entered the littlo study, with the old books on tho shelves, and the key still missing from the locked door of communication with 'tbo bed- chamber. I looked into the room in which the unhappy mistress of Gleninch had suffered and- died. Tho bed was left in its placo ; the sofa on which tho nurse had suatchod her intervals of repose was at its foot ; the Indian cabinet, in which tho crumpled paper witb tho grains of arsenic had been found, still hold its little col lection of curiosities. I moved on its pivot the invalid table on which she had taken lier meals, ivnd written her poems, poor soul, The place was dreary and dreadful ; the heavy air felt as If it was still burdened with its horrid: load: of mipery and -distrust. I wa3 glad' to got 'out (after a passing glance at the room which Eustace had 'occupied in those days) into the ' Guctfts) 1 Corridor. " There wasv tho ' bedroom, at the, floor. of which. Misoir.iinus Doxter had waited ttnd watched!! " Th«irp'';vtja,'t!hse cialteii 'floor .along' " which he had hopped,' in his horrible way, "fol lowing the footsteps of the. seryant disguised in her mistress's clothes ! Go where I might, tho .ghosts of the dead aiid'absont went with mo, . stepiby step. Go where I might/ the lonely hor- lor dE tho house had its. still and awful voice for .Mo 5—' " 7-keeptho sectefcof : the Poison I I hide tho mystory of tho doathi '/C.;- \- Tie oppression ;bf tie? .place btecam'e unen- durable.: I bpged f0r tjh?, pure Sky and the free air. My co'mpawcfa notited and understood . me. j : "Come ? " ho said . " We have had enough' of the jieuse; . Let .uslook at tlie grounds.'' ' ' In tbe,; grey quiet of' the evening we roamed about tbo lonely gardens> and threaded our way througbtbeiankfneglocted: shrubberies; Wan. derihg here agd.wandoring there, we drifted into the kitchen garden— with one little patch still .sparely cultivated by the old manandhi3 wife, and all tho rest a .wilderness of weeds. Beyond the far end of tho garden, divided from it by a . lowpaling of wood, ithero stretched a patch of wasw groun sides by trees. In onIospipeofiound, an object, com- mon 4ttoi%jiiiw%i.ettracted my attention here. Thorbjohi/waSv.a; Tho great \- ;siEO (jylyiiiirituation in which it ' was languid curiosity \- ia the dust an M iron. \- fregmoilte pj . round, a sinali attendant htter)o£ teKpaperan , frowzy rags.'' f -- 1 fHt9;»a-l9oku>g ,afc " asked Mr, PJay- HOWm o- "At nothing- .- heap,', i.ausyrere;.';.'.'!/:t--':'!' ; \- ." In ;t'idy Englanil, I sapposo, yoa would have altlmt carted away out of' sight," said the lawyqr,, We, dqh't mind , in'Scotland/ as lo'n as the diVheap is .£ar\ enough away, not to ho smell'.atthp' '1101130.:, , Besides, /some off , it . sifted comes In.' ;Usef ully . as manure, f 01;. .the garden, '' Eiote the, place is deserted, and the rubbish In consoqucnco liiv<i\not . heendist'urbed. Everything' atllleninch., Mrs. Eustace (the big dust- heap- in, eluded), Is -waiting for the new mistress to sot it t'o' rights. One of these days, you may .be queen here— who kuo'ws ? '-'. : " I shall never see thi3 place again," I said. ItNever' is ai long/ /day,'! returned my, com panion. " And, time, has' its surprise in store fotiaii.ef Wo turned away, aud walked back in silonce : ing. ..-v. ...... .. ' Op-'the 'returu . tof Edinburgh ' Mr, Playmore directed tho cdhversaUoii oii topics, entirely un-' connected with-' iny> visit'-to .;GlenInchi, He saw that ray iniiid.1 stood ih/ need bf: relief ; and ho good-naturedly, and succe'ssf yilly, -oxer ted himself to amuse me. "It was not until wo wore close to thodty,- tbatlip feuched on'the suhject'of niy/re; turn, to London; ; % :i 'r ; s-| :. ! v. |. "Havo you decided yet on the/day when you . leave -Edinburgh ?" he asked. ' "We leave Ediuburgh," I replied, by. the ) traiu of to-morrow morning." " Do : you. still see rid reason/ to/alter/r/t / opiuions W'hiob :. you.expreMedj:ypperyY .Does ; your speedy departure meau that ? "//;, ;5 . "Jim I am -au.oldor. womari/I may be. a wWr woman. ' In the mefantime, I.can. only trust ..to iybrirliu; dulgonceif J(; still blindly blunder on, m "my-own : \- . way." . 7'. ' He smiled pleasantly. and patted ;my vhand— then cbahged on a sudden, 'aiid , 16bked:ati;pie/ gravely aril attcircly,,befoire lie 6p0ed_MaIips- Ajainri.lj w - . :i;/ A : ; t'lbjtiis; my .Iost opportunity of gpeaking to you before . you go/-"/ hp. -said. > " Ifiayjl .speak' freely?"' - r ' S A "As freely as/.:you.,please,¥Mr; vPJaym'oro1,! . Whatever you may say to. me- will only add-, to \- : my grateful seiwe of your kindness." . ! . "I have very little to say,vMrs. ;Euatace--and : ihat little begins/with a word of caution? //You, told me yesterday that, when ypup'aid yoUrnlast visit to Miserrimua "Dexter, you wentr/tb' Mm alone. Don't do tliat again. Take somebody with you.'" ' ' : ' "Do.you think I am in any danger, then ?'' / "Not in; tho ordinary sense of- the word. I only think ithat a friend may bo useful in keeping ' Dexter's audacity (he is one of the mo3t impudent men living) -within proper limits. Then, again> -in case any thing'worth remembering and acting on should fall from-bim in bis talk, a friend ihay be valuable as witness. In your place, I should have a' witness with mo who could take notes— but then I ain a lawyer, and my business is, to mako a fus3.-abbut trifles. " Lot me only say- go with'ri compatfion/ when you next visit Dexter; and be oi/yqur guard agaiust' yourself, .when the talk turrisbii Mra: Beauly." -- : " On my guard against' nfyself ? What, do you mean?" "Practice, my dear Mrs. Eustace, has given me an eye for the little weaknesses of human aature. You are (quite naturally)' disposed , to bo jealous of Mrs. Beauly ; and you are, in conse quence, . not in full possession of, your excellent common sense when Dexter uses that lady a3 a means of blindfolding you. Am' I speaking too freely?" ' ' ' " Oert.iioly not !, It is very degrading to me to be jealous of Mrs. Beauly. My vanity suffers dreadfully when I think of it. But ;ray common sonse yields to ccnviction. I dare say you/are light." ,1 " ' , ': "I am delighted to find' that we agree on one point," be rejoined drily:"""! don't despair jet of convincing you,' iu that far more serious matter) which is still in dispute among us. And, what is more, if you will throw no obstacles in the way, ; I look to Dexter himself to help me." ; This roused my curiosity. Ho w /Miserrimua Dexter could help bim, in that or in riny other |wayj was a riddle beyond, my reading. . . ; " You propose to repeat to Dexter all that 'Lady.Clarinda told you about Mrs. Beauly," he went on. " And you think it is likely that Dexter will be overwhelmed, a3 you were over whelmed, when bo hears the story. 1 am going to venture on a prophecy. I say that Dexter will disappoint you. Far from showing any astonish ment, he will boldly tell you that you have been ; duped by a deliberately false statement of facte, invented arid set afloat, in her own guilty Interests, by Mrs. Beauly. Now tell me — if lie really tries, iri that way, to renew yoiur unfounded suspicion of an innocent woman, will that shake your confidence in your own opinion?" "It will entireljdestroy. my. confidence in my own opinion, Mr. Playmore." ff Very good. .; I. Bhall expect you to write to , me, in ariy casq ; arid I believe we shall be of ono mind, before (ho 'week, is out. Keep strictly secret all that I said/to. you yesterday, about Dexter. Don't even mention my name, when you see liim. Thinking of him as I think, now, I would as soon touch the hand of the hangman as . the hand of that, monster ! Godbles3 you. Good byo." ' . : ' ; '.' So he said his farewolL; words, at the door of the hotel. Kind, genial/ clover — but oh, how oasily prejudiced, hour shockingly obstinate in holding -to his own ; opinion ! And what, an opinion ! I shuddered as I thought of it. 