COURSING. VICTORIA COURSING CLUB.1 \- V The Waterloo Cur. By "Nimrod." Tuesday Evening.. The meet was resumed this morning at the I Diggers' Rest, and the attendance was mode rate. The weather was delightful. The trials were very good, and the decisions were satisfactory. The best dogs left in the stake are Sea Swell, Veno, Rifleman,' Abimeleck, Tumult, and Charon. The first two (bar ring accidents) will finish first and second; the former to win. The following is the result of to-day's cpursing Salamander beat Just in Time Deerfoot beat Politician Lady Bird beat Little Lady Rifleman beat Bigmere Lucy beat Northern Light Dictator beat Lola Tumult beat Coroner Lady Auilley beat Roger Miss Louie be3t Neville Hamlet beat Stable Boy Justin Bloom (late Sally) beat Pandora Cheviot beat Cacique. FIRST TIES. D.O. beat Friendless Handsome Jack beat Robert le Diable " Sea Swell beat Highflyer ~~ Sandy beat Demoniac Ghinni Ghinni beat Day Dawn Abimelech beat Pilot (drawn) Cupid beat Baffler Charon beat Riot Glaneuse beat Helter Skelter ' Veno beat Pygmalion Deerfoot beat Salamandpjr Rifleman beat Ladybird Lucy beat Dictator Tumult beat LadyAudley Hamlet ran a bye, Miss Loney drawn, injured. To a long slip, Salamander led Jnst-in Tinie over a rocky rise ; in coming back the latter appeared to have all the best of it .until he hroke his leg; the former then won, and Mr Jones was obliged to destroy his favorite. Politician led Deerfoot, and after a few exchanges fell and broke his jaw ; Deerfoot won. Ladybird and Little Lady, in a long gruelling course, exchanged fre quently ; the former won, beating a good greyhound. Eifleman led Bigmere, and going exceedingly smart, never let the latter score a point of merit, killed, and won a very smart course. Northern Light led Lucy, but when the latter got in the Queens land representative never had a show. Dictator led up and put in six smart points. Lola then got in and turned and killed well, putting herself out. Tumult going well, never let Coroner score a single point. Lady Audley led Eogcr, the latter unsighted, and they had to go in again; the former had a fearful grnellcr. Next time Eoger led up a long way, and made five points. Lady Aud ley then got in, and left off a winner by four points, which gave great satisfaction. Ne ville had not the ghost of a show with Miss Louey, who ran extra well. Stable Boy led Hamlet,'but the latter got unsighted. The former soon brought puss to grief, and had to go to slips again. Next time Hamlet led Stable Boy and never let him score a single point; the latter stopped with the hare in view. "Just in Time (late Sally) and Pandora went together; the latter shot out one length for first turn, but never after wards had a show with Mr Jones' clever little bitch, who won a grand course. Cheviot led Cacique 1L, and secured 5 points ; the latter then got in and squared matters; several ex changes followed, and when the hare got through the netting it must have been a very near tiling; Cheviot got through, and won. FIRST TIES. D.O. led tip and turned and servedherself. Friendless then got in, and in a number of brilliant exchanges gradually reduced the score against him, and when he threw the hare in the air and D.O. killed the latter won by 1 point — a very good decision. Handsome Jack led Kobert le Diable and had the early points, the latter then got in and" squared matters, but stumbling let the Sydney representative in, who ultimately won. Sea Swell on the outer circle led up and never let Highflyer score in one of the most magnificent run courses ever seen. Sandy led up, and in a very well run course beat Demoniac/ by the nearest thing imagin able. Day Dawn, by favor, got first turn, and served Gliinni Ghinni, who in a course of great length appeared to me to have the best of,'it. Day Dawn stopped very much injured! Ghinni won. Cupid led Baffler, and both dogs shifted from one hare to another; as far as I could see there was not much to choose between them ; Cupid won. Charon beat Eiot very easily in-a very well run course, in whichhe displayed great speed and working powers; the hare escaped in one of the made homes. Glaneuse had no difficulty in settling the pretensions of Helter Skelter in a course of average length ; the latter made a few good points. Veno led Pygmalion and scarcely let him score, except the kill in a course of average length; but L thought he did not display his usual dashing style ' of going. Deerfoot beat Salamander easily ; Eifleman led. Ladybird, and had the best of .it while in viewi Both dogs ran exceedingly smart. Eifleman won Dictator had all the early points, but Lucy, put on the' steam and soon squared matters. The former then took up,the running,, and was scoring fast .when he fell, and Lucy kill ing,' won a very near thing. Tumult led Lady Audley, who was stiff .'after .her pre vious grueUer, and had all the early points while in view. Tumult won: Hamlet ran a bye, Miss Lucy having drawn lame. 