His Natural Life." BY MARCUS CLARKE. BOOK III. CHAPTER II. SARAH I'URFOY'S REQUEST. THE evening passed as it had passed a hundred times before and liming smoked a pipe at the barracks, Captain Brain returned home His home was a cottage on the New Town load-a cottage w. Inch he had occupied since his appoint- men as Assistant Police Magistrate, an appointment given to him as a reward for his exertions in connection with the Ospi e) mutiny Captain Maurice Frere he had risen in life Quartered in Hobart Town, he had assumed a position in society, and had hold several of those excellent appointments which in the year 1934 were be stowed upon officers of gauge He had been SuperIntendent of Works at Bridgewater, and, when he got his capture), Assistant Police Magistrate at Bothwell The allan of the Capt ey made a noise, and it was tacitly resolved that the first "good thing" that fell vacant should be given to the gallant preserver of Major Vickers' child Major Vickers also prospered Ko laid aim was been a careful man, and, having saved some money, had purchased land on favor the terms The "assignment system ' enabled him to cultivate portions of it it a small expense, and, following the usual custom, he stocked his am with cattle and sheep He had sold his commission, and was now a comparatively) wealthy) man He ou ural a fine estate , the house he lived in was purchased property. He was in good order at Government House, and his office of Superintendent of Convicts caused him to take an active part 111 that local government which keeps a man constantly before the public AIivjoi Vickers, l colonist against his will, had become by force of an cumsUnccs, one of the leading men in Van Diemen a Land His daughter was a good match for any man and 111 my ensigns and beaten nits cursing their hard lot 111 "country quarters, ' 111 iii) sons of settlers living on their father's station among the more tame, and man) dipped clerks on the civil establishment em led Muuico 1 Here he good fortune Some went so far as to Bl) that the beautiful daughter of Regulation Vickers was too good for the coarse, led faced here, whose past life had not been the most mond, and who was noted for his fondness of low society, and in elbe u mg, almost in ut ii demo more No one denied however, that Colour line was a ubi ible other It was t ml that, in con- sequence of his tastes, he knew more about the tricks of coiiTiets than any man on the island it was said or on, that he was went to disguise himself, and mix with the gas? holders and con Met Bei v units, in order to be 1111 then signs and mysteries Vi hen 111 charge at Bridgewater it had been his delight to into the eli un g inge in their own hideous jargon, and to astound 1 new comer by his knowledge of his pi mums history The convict population hated and charged to him, for, with his at all) and science, he mingled a for sciatica good butter, that resulted sometimes 111 tacit permission to go without the letter of the law Yet, as the corn iota them selves said, a man was never safe with the Captain ,' for, after drinking and joking with them, is the Sir Oracle of some public-house whose hostess he delighted to honor, he would disappear through a side door just as the con stables burst in at the back, and show himself as remorseless, in his next mornings sentence of the captured, is it he had shot cr entered a tap room in all his life has Biipeilois el led tins "oil ," his inferiors, "searched) for him self, he laughed Ex er) thing is fair with those wretches, he was accustomed to say As the time for his marriage approached, however, he had 111 11 measure given up these exploits, and store, by his demeanor, to make his acquaintances folget ser el is remarkable scandals consul mug his pin de lift, for the promulgation of which he once cared little When Commandant it Mina Island, and for the first two years ago has 1 oran 11 bom the unlucky expedition to Macquarie Harbor, he had not outlined any fear of social) a opinion to restrain Ina mill at coarseness of disposition , but, as the affection for the pure young girl, who looked upon him as he saved from a dreadful death, increased in 10min strength, he had resolved to shut up those d 11k imgeB in his colonial ox patience, and forced them no 111010 He was not repentant, he was shot remorseful, he was not even disgusted He merely came to the conclusion that, when a man in 11 ned, he was to consider certain extras gaieties common to all bachelor as at an end He had had his King, like most young men, politic he had been foolish like most young men, but no reproachful ghosts of past misdeeds close to haunt him His Nature will be too pressing to admit the existence of HULLE phantoms Sylvia, in her purity and excellence, was so far above him, Unit 111 raising his Goatcher, he lost sight of all the soldier relatives to whose level he had once deceased himself, and had come in part to regard the sins he had committed, before his redemption by the force of this by the young case here, as sins committed by him under it past condition of existence, and for the consequences of which he was not called upon to be responsible One of the consequence?, however, was very close to him at the moment His convict servant find, according to Ina 111 attractions, Bit up for him, and as he entered, handed him a letter, bearing a superscription 111 a female band "Who brought this' asked Freie, hastily tearing it open to read "The gloom, as He said that there was a gentleman at the George the Four tit who wished to see you 1 zero smiled, as if 111 admit action of the intelligence which had dictated am h a message, and then frowned, as if in angel at the contents of the letter "You needn't wait, he said to the man "I shall have to go back again, I suppose ' Changing his forage cap for a soft hat, and selecting a stick from a miscellaneous collection of a corner, be prepared to locate his stops "What does she want now is ' he asked himself not only, as he strode down the moon lit road, but beneath the fierceness there was an under current of petulance, which seemed to imply that, whatever she did was me, she had a fair right to expect to get The George the Fourth was a long, low house, situated in Elizabeth she set His ft out was painted a dull red, and the window panes of glas _ 111 its windows, and the ostentatious affectation of 1 ed curtains and homely comfort, give to it a Opinions appearances old English jollity A knot of men round the door melted into an as Captain Fi or approached, for it was now past 11 o'clock, and all persons found in the streets after 8 could be compelled to " show then pass" or explain their homes") The convict constables were not scrupulous in the exercise of their duty, and the black figure of Frere, clad 111 the blue serge which he acted as a summer costume, looked not unlike that of a convict constable Pushing open the side door with the confident manner of one well acquainted with the house, Frere en to ed, and made his way along a narrow passage, to a glass door at the further end A tap upon this door brought a while faced, pock pitted, lush girl, who curtsied with secure recognition of the visitor, and ushered him ups tun H The 100m into which he was SIIOHII was a large one It had three windows looking into the street, and was handsomely furnished The carpet was soft, the candles were blight, and the supper tray gleamed invitingly from a table between the windows An Ireie entered, a little ten lei ran talking to his feet. It was evident that he was not a constant visitor 1 he rustle of a silk dress behind the scenes beat a) ed the presence of a woman, and Di ei e, rounding the promontory of an odour in, found himself face to face with S it ah Purfoy "Thank you for coming, she said "Pia), sit down " This was the only greeting that passed he tween them, and Frere sat down, in obedience to a motion of 0 plump hand that twinkled with rings The eleven years that had passed since we last saw this woman had dealt gently with her Her foot was as small and her hand as white as of yore Her him, bound close about her head, was plentiful and glossy, and her eyes had lost none of their dangerous brightness Her figure was certainly coarse, and the white arm that gleamed through a muslin sleeve shouted an outline that a fastidious artist might wish to The copyright of ' His -Natural I life has been j ur chased by the proprietors of The (¿iiumlamla flow Mr Marcus Clarke thin The most noticeable change was in her face. The cheeks owned no longer that delicate purity which they once boasted, but had become thicker, ii while here and there showed those faint streaks as though the rich blood throbbed too painfully in the leins-ovluch are the first signs of the day of " fine of open With middle ago had come that fulness of figure to which most women of her temperament are I IOHO and with it had come also that hides sensible organs) of speech and manner which habitual absence of moral restraint never fails to produce. At an ice Freie spoke first, as if anxious to bring his visit to as speedy a, termination as possible " What do you want of me ' he asked Sarah Turf) laughed A forced laugh that sounded so unnatural, that There turned to look at her "he ant you to do men far our-a great favour that is if it will not put you out of the way ' What do you mean? asks Fiero longhly, pursing his lips with a sullen mr ' 1 avoid ' Ah but do you call for striking the sofa on which he sit "font Mr afnoi! What do ) on call ) our pi tions house and all that s in it lanterns in favor? Ah but do you again! to his utter astonishment the 11 oin 111 replied by shedding teal s For some time he regarded her in silence, as if unwilling to be softened by such shallow dence but eventually) felt constrained to say something ' Have you been drinking again he asked, "01 whats the matter with you ! Tell me 11 hat it is your want, and have done with it I don't know 11th it possessed me to come here at all Sir iii sat up tight and el asked an ty her tears with one passionate hand I am ill, cm t you I see you fool, said she "The house has no lien ed me if I have been drinking what then ! Its nothing to you, is it 'f " Oh no, returned the other, ' it's nothing to me You are the principal put) consul need If you choose to blunt ) own self 111th brand), do it by all means " You don t pay for it, at an) hotel, said she, with that quickness of 1 condition which showed that this was not the only occasion on which they had qu 111 called Come, says 11010, impatiently) waited, " get on I can t stop here all night ' She suddenly 1 so and crossed to where he was standing "Alunice, you were very fond of me once 1 Once,' sayS Mounce " Not so 1 cry man) can s ago "Hang it says is, shifting his arm from beneath her hand, 'don't let in hue all that stuff 0101 tig 1111 It was before you took to drinking and sweating, and feeding ming mad with passion, mind) "Well, dear, said she, with her great glittering eyes belying the soft tones of her voice, I Bullet ed for it, didn't 111 Didn't you the 11 me out into the streets? Didn't you wish me with your whip like a dog I Didn't you put into 111 spot for it, did Its hard to stir again against ) in, Alailiico the compliment to his constant) seemed to please lamps far] is the craft) 1101111111 intended that it should and he smiled "Well, there, you old times be old times, Sat ith You boa con t dine bad), after all, and he looked round the well furnished 100111 ' AUnt do you mind? ' three arms of transport crime in this morning " A veil ? " ) of huon who was 011 board her, Mimi aged Alum ice brought one hand into the palm of the other with another laugh " Oh that's it, is it is God what Hat I was not to think of it befor 0 ' You w me to see him, I see p so ' She came close to him, and, in his own nest less, took his hand I want to s no her life Oh, that be hanged, you know I gave his life It can the dine " You can do it, Maurice "I sale John Roo. s life ? cured There " At li), ) on must he mad I "He is the only creature that loves me, Alum teeth only man who cares for me J le Ims dont 110 Inn ill He only smiled tobacco -and it not within 1 ' Yet all silo him if you like I only ask for his life AMnt IIDOS it matter to ) on '-A miser able 1 1 prisoner - his death would I be of the use Let him live, M named Maurice loiiLhid "What have I to do with it? "You are the principal witness against him If you say that he behaved well and he did behave well, you know, many men would have left 3 out at breathe) 11 on t bade, him "Oh, went the) ! 'That went flying much dill 01 once "Ah, Mum to, be merciful ! She bent towards him, and tried to return his hand, but he withdrew it "You're a nice sort of woman, to ask me to help your 1910-11 man who left me on that can veil coast to die, for all he cared, he said, with 1 galling recollection of his humiliation of the j came back "She bun I C iiiCound line not I ! Ah Mummie you will She so To 111th a suppressed sob in her voice ' What is it to you ! You dont care for me now You beat me, and turned me out of doors, though I never did you mont This man was 11 husband to me long, long before I met you He never did you in) hal lil, h and e will He will bless you if you travelling MniHlCe here jerked his head impatiently) " Bless me he said "I dont want his blessings Let him see if, we who c 11 as s Still she persisted, with coal is still coming from her eyes, with white iii his upraised on her knees over, a sitting, at his coat, and beseeching him 111 broken accents In her wild fierce beauty and passionate abandonment she might have been a deserted vividness suppliant Medea In) thing rather than what she was-a dissolute, half maddened woman, praying for the portion of her came her husband Maurice Frere flung her off with an oath "Got up The deed brutally), and stop this nonsense I tell you the man is as good as dead for all 1 to do to sue him At this Repulse, had pent up passion broke forth She sprang to her feet, and, pushing back the hand that in her frenzied pleading has fallen about her face, poured out upon him a torrent of abuse ' You I Who are you, that you dine to speak come like that) His little finger is w Ith your whole body He is a man, a bl are must, not a coward like you are a coward as, a toward ! a coward I a coward ' You are ever) in no 111th defenceless men and weak women you have beaten me until I was bruised black, you can , but who over saw you attack a man unless he was there For bound I Do not I know you W J I11110 seen you taunt a man at the to units, until I wished the cronin nig w retell could get loose, and murder! ) oil its you deceived You will be considered one of these days, Maurice Frere take my word for it men are flesh and blood, and flesh and blood won't endure the lost money you lay on it' " heat, that 11 do, says Fire glowing paler " Don't excite yourself He might have spoken to the chair by which she held, with as much hope of answer "I know you, you brutal coward I have not been your mistress God for give me !-ovithout leal ning j on by heat the seen ) our ignor once and your comfort lit seen the men who to your food and drink your name laugh at you I've heard what your friends say , 1 it heard the comparisons they make One of your dogs li is more brain than you, and three as much heart And these are the men they send to 1 rule us ' Oh, Hear on And such an animal as this has life and death in his hands ' He may hang, may be ? 111 bang with him, thee, and God will for gut line for murder for I will kill you Free, hndcowciedbefor« this frightful torrent of rage, but, at the scream 11 Inch accomp used the last words, he stepped forward as though to 80170 her In her desperate courage in her own weakness, she flung herself before him " Sti like me ' You damn it I defy j 011 i Bring up the wretched creatures who lead the way to Hell in this cursed house, and let them set you do it Call them! They are old friends of yours 'They all know Captain Maurice 1 here " Sarah ' "You remember Lucy Barnes poor little Lucy Barnes that stole sixpenny worth of c dice She is downstairs non Should you know her if you saw her ! Silt isn't the have faced b if) she was when they sent her hereto 'reform, and 61 then Lieutenant Frere wanted a new house maid from the factory ' Call for her '-ear ' do you hear? Ask any one of those beasts whom you lash and chain, for lucy Barnes Hell tell you all about here, and about many more many more poor souls that are at the bidding of any drunken brute that has stolen a pound note to see the deal with. I Oh, you good God in Heaven, will you not judge this man ?" Frere trembled. He had often witnessed this creature's whirlwinds of passion, but never had he seen her so violent as this. Her frenzy frightened him. " For Heaven's sake, Sarah, be quiet. What is it you want ? What would you do?" " I'll go to this girl you want to marry, and tell her all I know of you. I have seen her in the streets have seen her look the other way when I passed her-have seen her gather up her muslin skirts when my silks touched her-I, that nursed her, that heard her say her baby prayers (0 Jesus pity me Island I know what she thinks of women like me. She is good and virtuous and cold. She would shudder at you if she knew what I know. Shudder I She would hate you ! And I will tell her ! Ay, I will You will be respectable, will you ? A model husband I Wait till I tell her my story, -till I send some of these poor women to tell theirs. You kill my love I I'll blight and ruin yours I" Fiore caught her by both wrists, and with all his strength forced her to her knees. " Don't speak her name," he said, in a hoarse voice, for I'll do you a mischief. I know all you mean to do. I'm not such a fool as not to see that. Be quiet! Men have murdered women like you, and now I know how they came to do it." For a few minutes a silence fell upon the pair, and at last Frero, releasing her hands, fell back from her, " I'll do what you want, on one condition." " What ?" " That you leave this place." " Where for ?" " Anywhere the farther the better. I'll pay your passage to Sydney, and you go or stay there as you please." She had grown calmer, hearing him thus relenting. " But this house, Maurice !" " You are not in doubt ?" "No." "Well, leave it. It's your own affair, not mine. If I help, you must go." " May I see him !" "No." "Ali Maurice 1" " You can see him in the dock if you like," says Frere, with a laugh, cut short by a flash of eyes. " There, I didn't mean to offend you."' " Offond me I Go on." "Luton here," said he doggedly. "If you will go away, and promise never- to interfere with me or mine by word or deed, I'll do what you want." "What will you do?" she asked, unable to suppress a smile at the victory she had won, "I will not say all I know about -this man. I will say he befriended me. I will do my best to save his life" " You can save it if you like." " Well, I will try. On my honor, I will try "I must believe you, I suppose ?" said she, doubtfully and then with sudden pitiful plead- ing in strange contrast to her former violence, "You are not deceiving me, Maurice Í" No. Why should I? You keep your premises, and I'll keep mine. Is it a bargain ?" " Yes." He eyed her steadfastly for some seconds, and then turned on his hotel. As he reached the door she called him back. Knowing him as also did, also felt that he would keep his word, and her feminine nature could not resist a parting Biicer. " There is nothing in the bargain to prevent me helping him to escape I" she said, with a smile. " Escape He won't escape again, I'll go bail. Once get him in double irons at Port At Muir, and he's safe enough." The smile on her face seemed infectious, for his own sullen feature) relaxed, " Good-night, Sarah !" he said. She put out her hand, as if nothing had happened. " Good-night, Captain From. It's a bargain then." "A bargain." " You have a long walk home. Will you have some brandy ?" "I don't care if I do," he said, advancing to the table and filling his glass. " Here's a good voyage to you 1" Sarah Purfoy, standing watching him, burst into a single. " Human beings are queer creatures," she said, "Who would have thought that we had been calling each other games just now ; I say, I'm a vixen when I'm roused, ain't I, Maurice ?" " Romonibei' what you've promised," said he, with a hint of a threat in his voice, as he moved to the door, " You must be out of this by the next ship that leaves." "Never fear, I'll go," Getting into the cool street directly, and seeing the calm stars shining and the placid water sleeping with a peace in which he had no blind, he strove to cast off the nervous fear that was on him. The interview had frightened him, for it had made him think. It was hard that, just as he had turned over a new leaf, this foul blot should seem to stain the page. It was cruel that, having comfortably forgotten the past, he should be thus rudely reminded of it. from e-oKriNuno.J A large number of infants in this country Buys the Vail Mall, Gazette of July a new annually muddled out of the world by being what is termed "overlaid," or, in plain English, suffocated by their mothers in their beds. Very little sympathy is" bestowed on those hapless babes and although at the inquests held on their remains coroners occasionally express regret that accidents of this nature are of such frequent occurrence, no blame is, as a rule, attached to mothers for Ilma destroying their offspring. Yet there can be little doubt that these countries are easily preventable, and, moreover, that many of the suffocated babes owe their death to the drunken habits of their mothers. A remarkable instance of the tenderness displayed towards one of these erring mothers is afforded by the case of a little child aged five months, named Bunting, upon whose body an inquest was held at Holloway Head, Birmingham, on Saturday, The child was found dead in the bed with its parents one day this week, having being, according to the medical evidence, " overlaid " by its mother. The jury returned a verdict of "accidental death," but as this was the second child that Mrs. Bunting had lost in the same manner, and as that lady had been seen in the course of the day before the Bud overturn a state of inebriation, they suggested that she should receive "an ad- monition " from the coroner, who accordingly admonished her in the following feeling terms : "Mrs. Bunting," he remarked, " the jury have found a verdict of ' accidental death,' but they expressed a wish that you should hear from me the feeling they have with regard to the state you were in that night, which probably in some measure Incapacitated you in the course of the night from paying such attention to the poor child when it was overlaid as would have averted the loss you have sustained In the death of the child. However that may be, I think you would feel in the loss of this child quite infliction enough without my adding one word more, excepting to express a hope that, if you can avoid intemperance, this would be an event which would cause you to come to the conclusion what manifold and sad results may ensue from such habits. Personally I desire to say nothing by way of reproach to you, because I sympathise so much with you in your grief." Thus the matter ended comfortable for all concerned except the suffocated baby. As a stranger was yesterday knocking at the door of a house on Second-street, a boy came round the corner and enquired ; " Got anything to sell ?" " Yes, I want to sell your mother's box of toothpaste. "Might as well get off the steps," continued the boy, as a smile broke out around his mouth j "she's got store teeth, and she deans 'em with a woollen rag." EFFECTUAL Re didn't tell the young man not to come any more ; he didn't tell his daughter to discountenance her lover ; he didn't sit up nights with a shot gun, or let the fire go out in the sitting room. No, no, he knew a much better plan ; he hung out a smallpox flag every evening at dusk, and that did the business very effectual. THE LETTER OF THE LAW. - Nervous old lady : " 0, policeman ! policeman There's a, strange dog that will stick to me, and won't leave me, and I can't get rid of him I Couldn't you take him in charge or something ?" Police, man (who doesn't like the job) : "Very sorry, ma'am, but we can't, interfere with any dog so long as he's a foreman' o' somebody !" AN old maid says of marriage : It is the same as any other disease, while there's life there's hope. 