THE LAW'AND THE LADY: OR THE SCOTCH Y.KRDICT. By WlXiKIE CoiLIKS. Published by special arrangement with the Author.] PART II.—PARADISE REGAINED. Chapter NNXIV.—Glehihch. "Alia!" said Benjamin complacently. " So the lawyer thinks, as I do, that you will be highly imprudent if you go back to Mr. Dexter ? A hard-headed sensible man the lawyer, no doubt. You will listen to Mr. Playmore (won't you ?), though you.wouldn't listen to me ?" (I had, of course, respected Mr. Play more's confidence in me, when Benjamin and I met on my return to the hotel. Not a word relating to the lawyer's horrible suspicion of Miserrimu3 Dexter had passed my lips). "You mustforgive me, my old friend," I said, answering Benjamin. "I am afraid it has come to this—try as I may, JL can listen to nobody who advises me. On our way here I honestly meant to be guided by Mr. Playmore—we should never have taken this long journey, if I had not honestly meant it. I have tried, tried hard, to be a teachable reasonable woman. But there is something in me that won't be"taught. I am afraid I shall go back to Dexter." Even Benjamin lost all patience with me this time. "What is bred in the bone," he said, quoting the old proverb, "will never come out of the flesh. In years gone by, you were the most obstinate child that ever made a mess in a nursery. Oh, dear me, we might as well have stayed in London !" "No," I replied, "now we have travelled to Edinburgh, we will see something (interesting to me at any rate), which we should never have seen if we had not left London. My hus band's country house is within a few miles of us here. To- morrow we will go to Grleninch." " Where the poor lady was poisoned ?" asked Benjamin, with a look of dismay. " You mean that place!" "Yes. I want to see the room in which she died ; I want to go all over the house." Benjamin crossed his hands resignedly on his lap. " I try to understand the new generation," said the old man sadly. " But I can't manage it. The new gene ration beats me." I sat down to write to Mr. Playmore about the visit to Gleninch. The house in which the tragedy had occurred that had blighted my husband's life was, to my mind, the most interesting house on the habitable globe. The prospect of visiting Gleninch had, indeed (to tell the truth), strongly influenced my resolution to consult the Edinburgh lawyer. I sent my note to Mr, Playmore by a mes senger, and received the kindest reply in return. If I would wait until the after noon, he would get the day's business done, and would take us to Gleninch in his own carriage. Benjamin's obstinacy—in his own quiet way, and on certain occasions only—was quite a match for mine. He had pri vately determined, as one of the old generation, to have nothing to d© with Gleninch. hTot a word "on the subject escaped him, until Mr. Playmore's car riage was at the hotel door. At that appropriate moment Benjamin remem bered an old friend of his in. Edinburgh. " Will you please to excuse me, Valeria ? My friend's name is Sanders—and he will take it unkindly of me if I don't dine with him to-day." Apart from the associations that I con nected with, it, there was nothing to in terest a traveller at Gleninch. The country round was pretty and well cultivated, and nothing more. The park was, to an English eye, wild and badly kept. The house had been built within the last seventy or eighty years. Outside, it was as bare of all ornament as a factory, and as gloomily heavy in effect as a prison. Inside, the deadly dreariness, the close oppressive solitude, of a deserted, dwelling wearied the eye and weighed on the mind, from the roof to the basement. The house had been shut up since the time of the Trial. A lonely old couple, man. and wife, had the keys, and the charge of it. The man shook his head in silent and sorrowful disapproval of our intrusion, when Mr. Playmore ordered him to open the shutters, and let the light in on the dark deserted place. Fires were burning in the library and the pic ture gallery, to preserve the treasures which they contained from the damp. It was not easy, at first, to look at the cheer ful blaze without fancying that the in-:: habitants of the house must surely come in and warm themselves ! Ascending to the upper floor, I saw the rooms made familiar to me by the report of the Trial. I entered the little study, with the old books on the shelves, and the key still missing from the locked door of communication with the bedchamber. I looked into the room in which the unhappy mistress of Gleninch had suffered and died. The bed was left in its place ; the sofa on which the nurse had snatched her intervals of repose was. at its foot; the Indian cabinet, in which the crumpled paper with the grains of arsenic had been found, still held its little collection of curiosities. I moved on its pivot the invalid table on which she had taken, her meals and written her poems, poor soul. The place was dreary and dreadful; the heavy air .felt as if it was still burdened with its horrid load of misery and distrust. I was glad to get out (after a passing glance at the room which Eustace had occupied in those days) into the Guest's Corridor. There was the bedroom, at the door of which Miserrimus Dexter had waited and watched ! There was the oaken floor along which he had hopped, in his hor rible way, following the footsteps of the servant disguised in her mistresa's clothes! Go where I might, the ghosts of the dead and absent went with me, step by step. Go where I might, the lonely horror of the house had its still and awful voice for Me;—" I keep the secret of the Poison ! I"hide the mystery of the death !" The oppression of the place became un endurable, I longed for the pure sky and the free air. My companion noticed and understood me. C! Come 2" he said. " We have had enough of the house. Let us look at the grounds." In the grey quiet of the evening, we roamed about the lonely gardens, and threaded our way through the rank ne glected shrubberies. Wandering here and wandering there, we drifted into the kitchen garden—with one little patch still sparely cultivated by the old man and his wife, and all the rest a wilder ness of weeds. Beyond the far end of the garden, divided from it by a low paling of wood, there stretched a patch of waste ground, sheltered on three sides by trees. In one lost corner of the ground, an ob ject, common enough elsewhere, attracted my attention here. The object was a dust-heap. The great size of it, and the curious situation in which it was placed, roused a moment's languid curiosity in me. 1 stopped, and looked at the dust and ashes, at the broken crockery and the old iron. Here, there was a torn hat; and there, some fragments of rotten old boots ; and, scattered round, a small at tendant litter of torn paper and frowzy rags. "What are you looking at?" asked Mr. Playmore. " At nothing more remarkable than the dust-heap," I answered. "In tidy England, I suppose you would have all that carted away out of sight," said the lawyer. " We don't mind in Scotland, as long as the dust heap is far enough away not to be smelt at the house. Besides, some of it sifted comes in usefully as manure for the garden. Here the place is deserted, and the rubbish in consequence has not been disturbed. Everything at Grleninch, Mrs. Eustace (the big dust-heap included), is waiting for the new mistress to set it to rights. One of these day3, you may be queen here—who knows ?" "I shall never see this place again," I said. " Hever is a long day," returned my companion. 'c And time has its surprises in store for all of us." We turned away, and walked back in silence to the park gate, at which the car riage was waiting. On the return to Edinburgh, Mr. Play more directed the conversation on topics entirely unconnected "with my visit to Grlemnch. He saw that my mind stood in need of relief; and he good-naturedly, and successfully, exerted himself to amuse me. It was not until we were clcwe to the city that he touched on the subject of my return to London. "Have you decided yet on the day when you leave Edinburgh ?" he asked " ^0 le^e Edinburgh," I replied, by the tram of to-morrow mornin«." "D? you still see no reason to°alter the opinions which you expressed yester Jy ? Does your speedy departure mean un-clti i " I am afraid it does, Mr. Playmore. When I am an older woman, 1 may be a wiser woman. In the meantime, I can only trust to your indulgence if I still blindly blunder on in my own way." He smiled pleasantly, and patted my hand—then changed on a sudden, and looked at me gravely and attentively before he opened his hps again. . " This is my last opportunity of speak t0Tyou ,bef°re you go," he said. May I speak freely ?" "As freely as you please, Mr. Play more ! Whatever you may say to me will only add to,my grateful- sense of your kindness." - "I have very little to say, Mrs. Eustace —and that little begins with a word of caution. You told me yesterday that when youpaid your last visit to Miserri mus^ Dexter, you went to' him alone. Don t do that again. Take somebody with you." - "Do you think I am in any danger, then?" ' ' a ' "Hot in the ordinary .sense of the word. I only think that a friend may be useful in keeping Dexter's audacity (he is one of the most impudent men living) within proper limits. Then, again, in case anything worth remembering and acting on should fall from him in his talk, a friend may be valuable as witness.: In your, place, I should have a witness with me who could take notes—but then I am a lawyer, and my business -is to make a fuss about trifles. Let nieonly say—go with a companion, when you . next visit Dexter; and be oh your guard against yourself, when the talk turns'on Mrs Boauly." • - . " On my guard against myself ? What do you mean?" • _ "Practice, my dear Mrs. Eustace, has given me an eye for the little weaknesses of human nature. You- are (quite ! naturallj) disposed to be jealous of Mrs. Beauly; and you are, in consequence, not in full possession of your excellent common sense, when. Dexter uses that lady as a means of blindfolding you. Am I speaking too freely ?" " Certainly not! It is very-degrading' to me to be j'ealous of Mrs. Beauly. My vanity suffers dreadfully when I tbinTr of it. ^ But my common sense yields to con viction. I dare say you are right." " I am delighted to find that we agree on one point," he rejoined drily. "I don't despair yet of convincing you, in that far more serious matter which is still in dispute among us. And, what is more, if you will throw no obstacles in the way, I look to Dexter himself to help me." _ This roused my curiosity. How Miser rimu3 Dexter could help Mm, in that or in any other way, was a riddle beyond my reading. - " You propose to repeat to Dexter all. that Lady Ciarinda told you about Mrs. Beauly," he went on. " And you think it is likely that Dexter; will be over whelmed, as you were overwhelmed, when he hears the story. T am going to venture on a propheoy. I say^that I Dexter will disappoint you. Ear from showing any astonishment, he will boldly tell you that you have been duped by a deliberately false statement of facts, in- ! vented and set afloat, in her own guilty interests, by Mrs. Beauly. How tell me —if he really tries, in that way, to renew: your unfounded suspicion of an innocent woman, will that shake your confidence in your own opinion ?" %."It will entirely destroy my confidence in my own opinion, Mr. Playmore." "Very good. I shall expect you to write to me, in any case 3 and I believe we shall be of one mind, before the week is out. Keep strictly secret all that I said to you yesterday about Dexter. Don't even mention my name, when you see him. Thinking of him as I think now, I would as soon touch the hand of the hangman as the hand of that monster! God bless you. Good bye.3' So he said his farewell words, at the door of the hotel. Kind, genial, clever— but oh, how easily prejudiced, how shockingly obstinate in holding to his own opinion ! And xoJtat an opinion ! I shud dered as I thought of it. [To be continued.] 