COLONIAL. . ...' . ; ' BRISBANE. , . . . . J.; Tuesdav. ,, Lyster'a opera troupe oponed last night with great success iu " Madame Angot." ! In tlio Assembly, the Deoeasod Wife's Sister , Bill has been read a third timo and passed. : Tho Treasurer's motion to set apart Friday's sittings for Governraenthusiness whs oarriod. ; Tho House is now iu Committee of Supply on tho Works Department. Tho Railway Estimates are all passed and tlioy aro now disoussing roads. Benevolent Sooiety. — Tho usual monthly eonimittoo meeting takes place this afternoon at 4 o'oloek, ait the Sohool of Arts. Masonic. — Tho brethren of tho Loiohliardt 'Masonio Lodge moot this evouing, as advor- tisod. Business — E. A. dogroo and gonoral. Petty Debts Court. — Tho fortnightly sit ting of this oourc takes plaoo to-day, at 10 o'oloek. tnb Roster. — Tim magistrates for atton- daneo at tho Police Court this morning aro Messrs. R. S. G. Macdonald and W. O. Lamond. Mail Notice. — Mails per Florence Irving for Brisbane, the Australian colonios, Now Zealand, and Fiji will closo nt tho Post Office this morning— For registered letters nnd nows- papors at half-pnst 10,-and for ordinary letters at half-past 1 1 o'clock. Licenses Granted. — Yesterday morning at tho Police Court, before tho Police Magistrate, timber licenses wore granted for six months to Edward George, .AVillinm MoElvanna, . Benja min F.,I£orr, atidjosso Sanger, and a slaugh tering licenso was granted to Mr. Thompson Bonnott, of Cowarral. ' Clermont Raoes.— Tlio followiug weights liavo been deolnrcd for the Peak Downs Handi cap :—Darkio,-9at. 41bs. ; Kingston,, 9st. 31bs. : Protectionist, ;8st. 71bs. ; Emo,'8st'. 71bs. ; Aja'x 7st. I21bs. ; Cindorolla, 7st.. Ulbs. ; Veno, 7st' ' 61bs. ; Vanguard, Ost'. 121bs. ; I'm Horo wag scratched: '' Tnn Depot.— Tlio immigrants are going off steadily, about 20,single girls, 17 singlo men,: and ono married couple, having met with en gagements. It is bolie vsd that more than tboBO liavofotuid employment, though not through tho offioo. Wages rango as follows: Singlo girls, 10s. to 1 2a. woeldy ; single men, £40- to £60, with rations ; ono married oouplo, without on- oumbraneo, £66, with rations. , Yesterday, .the dresses mudo daring the voyngo, - under the superintendence of Mrs. Rea, the matron, wore distributed to tho singlo girls by Dr. Pratt, who recoivod tho thanks and good wislieB of tlio -re cipients, who nil seemed in high gloo at tliia pleasant termination of their labors. Drunken Immigrants. — Tho riotous be haviour of somo of the Lndy DouglaB' immi grants, whilo. undor tho influence of liquor, has already becomo a subjeot of publio com ment. Pcroplo are inBiiltod when passing tho Dep&t;, and one drunken ruffian doliborntoly stuck liimsolf in the middlo of tho lane, oppo site the DopOt gates, and swore ho would knock down with his stick any man who passed, shortlyjafter which hp struok a hone whioh a boy was loading, and swore li6 would stab tlio hoy for remonstrating with him. Tho sooner tlioso follows are taught a Iobsou the bettor ; tlioy ought to bo disohnrgoil nt onao from tlio Dopfit, and wo trust tlio Health Officer will seo to it ; besides, tho DopOt is not for drunkards, hut for respectable,) woll- bolinvod immigrants. It would bo as woll if Dr. Sulmond instructed Mr. Phillips to report " drunken cases " to him. Court-House Clock. — Auotlior usoful ad dition lias keen mado to tho furniture of tho Court-liouso in tlio shnpo of a now cloak, mado by Evuns mid Sous, of Handsworth, noar Bir mingham, tho old ouo having be'oorao somewhat nntiquatcd and therefore unstiitablo for tho now building. This has boon granted by tlio Government and is a atop iutlio rigbt diroo- ticu, for a good timokoopor in our oourtB of justice is a sine qua non. Summons Case. — Throo summons oases camo bofore tbo Polico Magistrate at the Polico Court yesterday morning j ono of which was settlod out of court ;. auotlior — Elizabeth Fannor v. Edward Cosgrovo, tor using in sulting langungo— wns struck out . bocauso of tho non-nppoaranoo of either party; and a third — Mary Iliggins v. Orr, of - Gruooiuero, for wagos — -was adjourned until Friday, tho 6tii instant, tlio summons ... not having boon served. The Sydney Commercial Bank. -As 'we liavo a branch of the abovo established in' tho town, wo extrnot tho following from its lust half-yearly report, whioh may interest its con stituents: — " Tho profits nvailablo for tho lialf-ycar (including balanco brought forward from last half) amount to £83,034 lis. Id., of wliioh £66,000 has beon applied to puymont of dividend at tho rato of 22 porcont per annum. £16,000 added to Roscrvo Fund (whioli now stunds at £3-16,000) and £13,034 lis. Id. un- dividod balance carried forivnrd." Banking scams to bo almost as profitablo to shareholders as squatting, if wo are to judgo.by the, jabovo state of things, wliioli cortainly look uncom monly promising. Homesteads. — As many of those who are ou tho look oat for lio'iriestcad selections may not be aware that it is proposed to extend their areas, we quote tlie following from a " Bill to amond tho Law rotating ' to tho Alienation of Crown Lands." " Tho total area whioh may bo selected by any ono person under tlio pro visions of "Tho Homestend Areas Aot of 1872 ' is hereby extended to 040 acres and tho sixth section of tho said Aot shall bo amondod and shall J hereafter be road as if the word 'six hundred nnd forty' were substituted for tlio words ' tlirco hundred and twontys therein.' AVo should liko to know wliother the presont homestead selectors can soloot. up to 64'l uorcs, and if so, how they will bo situated with regard to tho residence condition ? And, also, presuming, they may soleot whethor thoy can do so within 10 miles only of their presont hoiiiostands ? " , Mining.— AVo ; understand tliat Mr. James Chalmors, who is regarded ns one of tlio host authorities upon mining matters in tho coloi nies, lias gone to Toowooihbn (wliithor lio was summoned to report, upon tho vdiuo of certain gold reofs in tho neighborhood of tho town) for to ntlvisaSre lo ofoolvSrstblass machinery, in order to work tliom on an oxtonsivo seiilo. AVo slmll be heartily glad if Mr. Chalmors' report uu miviauu, wnou omio a reauy goou golu field is opened in tlio South, wo may- stand a ohimoo of obtaining sound and usoful mining taws. ; 2 Immediately Soutliorn ooustituoueios undorstAnd it is to thoir advantage to work minerals,' it will bp1 astonishing to find how vory lively an. iutorost Soutliorii mombors will talco iii an industry to' whioh' thoy liavo hithorto paid but littlo attention. A Hard Case, — A few days precoding tlie late raco mooting, the bootlis and stalls were sold by publio auotion by: Mr. Sydney Lambort 1 —the stalls, two iu number, foiling to Mrs. Viokary, of East-stroet, who paid £7 for them, oasli doiyn. Tho-oonditions woro oxplioit, aud ineluded - booths and stalls aliko, viz., " no othors aUowod on tlio ground "—though, by tho way, the more faot of the salo is ovidonoo sufficient. Mrs. Viokary put up ono stall; but, to lior surpriso, three other stails, besides an itinorant basket and tray, woro on the ground both days, taking .'ilioj gilt off lior ginger- broad, and, of course, paying nothing. This is a stylo of handioapping. whioli will soarooly bo approoiutod by future purchasers. Indeed, wo have not hoard for a long timo of so gross a breaoh of honest dealing and fair-play, and it is ovidont : that tho committee of tho Roekliompton Jookoy Club oan know nothing of tlio fnots of the oaso. Still, that is no ox- ouso. Peopto who purchase stalls; havo a right to bo protcotod ; and on this oooosion, it aeoms, nooffcetual attempt was made to stop illicit dealing. In ono instnnooi ft stall was kicked ovor by 'one of tlio stewards, hut immediately set up again, and matters wont on as bofore and it is statod that ouo of tho interlopers' sooured a site— near to the grand stand— from., whioh,, Mrs. Viokary was debarred.' The committee's sonsooi justice will bIiow tliom tbo nooossity for an iinmodiato enquiry into tbooase, as thoy cannot wish to retain money obtained through any spooios of falso repre sentation, however inadvertently it m iykuvo ooourrod. AVo undbrstaiid that an applioation was sent in by Mrs. Viokary spine diys ago, but, as yet, without olicitiug a reply. The Geaoemere Fair.— At tho Show, Yards of tlib Central Q'uoonshind ' Farmers' and Graziers' Sooiety, yesterday, an institution was inaugurated whioh may be worked much to tho advu'utngo of tho neighboring sottlers and to the district at largo, but whioh was evidently- regarded by many of _tlio settlers tliemselvos as an experiment, for only a fow miido any effort to reap an advantage from the oppor tunity. Tho day was gloriously fine "Old Hoi. ooaraing lortli in lus strength during most of the day, oaiising many, to remark that rain was rioar and that thundorstormB wore in all probability browing, So far as tlio weathor was concernpd, howoror, thero was no cause of complaint : but more spirit on tlio part of the settlors around and a clearer upprooiation of tbo bonefits tliat suoli an opportunity may havo conforrcd upon tliom waa a markod - want in yesterday's proceedings. Tlie'ro were a few pens nf well-bred stook from tho herds of Messrs. Archer and ;Co. , , Graoomoro, somo of whioli ohangod hands nt fairly remunorativo figures, but tho nttondauoo of buyers was too inongro to givo riBO to anything liko spirited competition. A mob of 38 koifcrs, ono Of whioh had a oalf at foot, and somo of tho re- inaindor id oalf to good bulls, .wore offered for sale by Mr. S. B. Dnvis prirntcly and by auotion, but tho prioos ruling were too low to affcot a salo. Early in tho day, a mob of 28 steers, tho proporty of Mr. P. Egan, was Bold to Mossrs. Arohor, of Graccmoro, nt £3 6s. por head ; nnd a shorthorn bull, a vory promising youngor, was purchased by Mr. P. Egau from Messrs. Arohor Brotliors for £12. Two pons (six in oaoli) of two-yonr old bulls, by Dorriinut (Hereford), imported, wcro offered for salo by tlio Messrs. Arcliorn. Tlioy woro woll-bred, but their podigrcos is too long for insertion on this ocoaBion. No purchasers were found for tlioso. At linlf-pnst ono tlio auc tioneers having dooidod upon tlio order of thoir procedure, mado an effort to effect n fow snlos — Sydney Lambort loading off by offoring n fow liaoka for which ho failod to obtain his prioo. Mr. G. S. Curtis followed, nnd succoodcd in offocting the salo of a miloli cow to Mr. Rision for £0, and two unbrokon colts — some what promising . animnls— for £3 10s. caoli. The next hnlf-liour saw Mr. S. B. Dnvis on tho rostrum, and ho suoooodod in disposing of ft ' sltow-bftri On tiro to Mr. AV. Pattison for £0, nnd another brown liorso adapted for either saddlo or harnoss for £13 17s. Od. ; he also tried tlio mob of 38 hoifcrs montioncd abovo, but failed to obtain n satisfactory offor for tliom. Mr. Kirwnn, of Brown nnd ICir wan, knights of tlio kammor, noxt offered some of Messrs. Arolior'n bulla tui(li>taced ono promising voungstor at £10, but to whom wo did not dis- ooTor ; tliroo othors wore knocked down to Mr. W. Pattison, ono Horeford bull, flro years old, by Dorrimut (imported), for £20, nud two otliors of tho samo stook, two-yoar-olds, at £10 caoh. Theso are the -principal results of this 'first Graoomore Fair, a day of small things, ovidoiitly, but as such' not to ho despisod, for, if offioiontly worked, nnd more spirit thrown into it by tlioso whose interests are mostly in volved therein, a most .useful institution may thereby bo eatablisliod, which may induco others to go and do likowiso.J AVhat we Lose on the Fitzroy.— Intellec tually speaking, wo are below zero in this pleasant latitudo. Noitlior leoturcs nor classes suooeod amongst us, our young mon, for tlio most part, preferring billiurds — a very good gaino in itsolf, and ono that wo onn fully rc- commond, wlion not run to doath ; but every thing may bo abused, and so may billiards. A circus mcots tlio popular tusto ; so, also, does a concort and play occasionally — but nothing mora serious will suit tlio rising.gono ration, who require nmusomorit ad infinitum. And mutters aro getting worso. Last year, tho idobating'otass at the School of Arts did a little in tho wuy of dismission, and tho reading , of papers. This yoar all is sterile. The maohi-. nery Iisb been, .organised, but. weeks havo passed, and thoro is no stirring among the dry bonos. Tho effort has been nipped in tho bud ; tho life intolleotual— if it ovor existed — hns given up tho ghost— blasted by the. frost of inanition. Poneo to its memory. Mennwhita, what is to baoomo of our yoiing mon ? " All ! AVhat ! Tho following clipping, having reference to , ,tlio Ipswioh Parliamentary class is from tho Observer of tho '24th lilt., niid our Rookhampton slow-coaohes should lay it to honrt: — "Mr. Soott (tho Speakorltook the ohair, nnd .after noticos of 'motion had been rooeivod, the Houso resolved" itsolf into committco to further consider the Lund and IminigrationBill introduced by Mr. AVilloy. Mr. AVilley briofly movod tho third clause — " Ctauso 3., A free grant of 200 noros of ugi'ioultural land shall be given to. tho bond of a family on application, with an additional 10 norea for overy sou and daughter over eighteen years of ago." Mr. Murray spoico strougly against tlie clause.. Ho conoludcd by moving an amendmont, tliat 0-10 noros bo sub stituted for 200, and tliat tlio land bo subject generally witli tho provision, but considered eighteen yenrs too far ndvancod to be Biiitablo lo tlio iuhnbitants of this colony. Ho moved n acaond amendment, that tlio word fifteen bo Bubtitutad for oiglitoon in tlio etause. Mr. . Bourko (the Ministor for Lands) defended the ctauso. Mr. Costollo supported Mr. Smith's - aradndmont. Ml. Berry spoko ou tho enmo side. Mr. Brady (Colonial Treasurer) cume to tlio assistiiiico of tlio Government, and spoke in favor of tho clause. Mr. AVilley replied. Ho . reminded' lion; members that, although tho . | provision was a new idea in tlio colony of Ips wich, yot it hnd worked well in Canada for many yoars,' and mucli of tho. prospority of thnt great oolony was duo to its oporation. Ho would oppose strongly the amendment of Mr. Murray ; but as for tho umondmont of Mr. Smith, it did not affcot tho prinoiplo of the. otauso, and the Government did not care whether it passed or; not. Tho Chnirmnn put Mr. Murray's amendmont, wliioh was nega tived. Tho amendment proposed by Mr. Smith was put and passed. The Houso then qdjonrned for refreshment and snoial inter course." \- Aquatics. — It is strango tliat, witli the noble Fitzroy at our doors, wo do so littlo on the water. AVo want Captain Boyton bore to givo us an impetus, or, bottler still— for wo might droud the sharks and alligators'— Mr. M'Gregor, and tho "-Rob Roy Cauoo." A rowing oluh has boon inaugurated at Brisbane. AVo quoto from tho Teicgrapli " Tho steamer ICate. em- barkod a targe party of ladies and gentlemen at the Queen's AVharf, at about three o'clock, His Exccilouoy the Governor, several of tlio Minis ters, and members of both IIousos of Parlia ment boing amongst tho guests. Tlio band on tho stonmcr played tho " National Anthom " on His Excellency's arrival on board. The Kate then steamed towards tlio hond quarters of tho Club at Kangaroo Point, wlioro tlio boats be longing to tho Club woro awaiting tlio Governor nnd tho other guests. Tlio boats prosontod a very pretty appearanoo, the crews all being in gala costume. The ICnto thon turnod round, . and followed by tbo fleet. of boats, proceeded as for as tlio Viotoria Bridgo. She thon wont about again, and returned to tho boat shed. The Governor was rowod ashore in tho " Star," tho other crews— who had already liaulad up their bouts — ossombling at tho landing place with oars " tossed." His Excellonoy who, ac companied by Mr. Ernost AVebb, wiib received with lioarty ohoers, thou proceeded to examino tho olub's premises, and after expressing his sntisfaotion at what lio had soon, dcotarod tho club duly oponed." Thore wns afterwards a lunohoon on board tho Kate, at whioh tho Gov ernor's lioulth was drunk. Raising the Dead. — Ono would suppose that tho Brisbano donth-rato is high onougli already without adding to tho ovil, but suoh doos not scorn to bo tbo case, .judging from the newspapers. Tlio 'Jelegraph says:— "It is rumored that it is the intention to romove some of the bodies from tho old to tho now cemetery, nnd thut ground lias beon secured at .the lutier place ior lie purpose. Xiio permission granted to one or two oan bo oluimcd by nil, and the prcoedont once established, if largely noted upon, will load to a result which it is uot pleasant to contemplate. Colonisation of Nkw Guinea.— The Melbourne Argus of tho 19th instant states that a mooting of gontloman invornblc to tho' formation of n company ior colonisation and trading purposos in New Guinea wus held yostordny nfternoon, at tho Shipping Exchange, Collins-Street. Captain Ooffoy occupied tho olinir, and thore wero about tivonty persons present. Tho proceedings woro oponed by the loading of Mr. Michio's lecture on Now Guiuea, dolivcrcd hoforo tlio Royal Colonial Institute, deseribiug tho fcrtilo oharaotor of tho country nud its various resources. Tlio olinirman snid it was evident that all they had to do was to plant a oolony in Now Guinea, nnd their aots would be backod up by tlio English Government. Ho oxplnincd thnt ho and somo others had a schooner at present cngagod in tho hColio-lo-mor trado on tho north-woBtorn const, whioli would answer admirably for oponing up a trading settle ment. Somo gontloman of known rcputo in tha cily lind nlrondy givon tln-ir adhesion to tho undertaking, and all that wns required now wns additional capital to set tlio soliomo afloat, lio, thought tlioro would be littlo difficulty experienced in establishing a trading station or factory nt Port Moresby, and in tlio acquisition of a Inrgo tract of good lnnd honestly from tlie natives. Their opera tions, if successful— of which lio hnd littlo doubt— could bo afterwards oxtendod. In reply to a gentleman prosont, lio stated that about £2000 would, bo thought, ho sufficient not m'y to oqnip tho oxpedition, but nlso to provide tlio merchandise to trndo witli tho nativos. Mr. Butters was of opinion thnt a larger ca| lt il would bo required, as it would ' bo neoessary to provide a stoam Inuncli and other requisites. After somo desultory dis- oussioD, it wns moved by Mr. J. B. Koy, and scooiided by Mr. G. E. Staiglit, that a company bo formed witli a capital of £6000, ill £10 shares, ouo linlf tlin ninonnt to bo onllod up nt onco. Tlio resolution wns onrried unnnimoiiBly. Cnptain Goffoy nnd Messrs. Spcneo nnd Loader were named provisional directors ; nnd on tho motion of Mr. Butters, Mr. Loiulor, of tho City Bank, was elected treasurer of tho pro posed oompntiy. Tlio proceedings thon tor- .lninatcd. AVhat the Roman Catholics would Aor dept. — Tho following statement of un educa tional system with which Roman Catholics would bo sntisfied is mado, on their bohnlf, by tho 'Advocate (says tlio 8. ill. J.'crald ot tho 20tli) :— " 1, Avo nro prepared to build our own schools on onr own land, upon plnns approved by tlio Dopnrtinent of Kducntion. By this action wo voluntarily tnx ourselves, and ro- liovo tlio Government of tho necessity of ereoting costly edifices, whioh, up to tho pre sent timo thoy havo beon iinnblo to fill. 2. Wo nro prepared to dovoto four hours por diom ex clusively to Booular instruction, two of whioh shall ho bofore noon, and two after noon, and at such instruction "tho children of all Deno minations shall be allowed to attend as in State schools. 8. AVo nro propared to employ only suoh touohors as may l o certificated undor tho Education Dopavtmont, licensed to tonch, or approved of by it. 6. In consideration of tho above, wo oxpcot from the Education Depart ment an allowance for our teachers by way of salary, based upon avorago ntlondanon and tho results of examination, equivalent to tho amount per head paid for tho education of children in Stato schools." Goal on the Downs. — The discovorios of coal in this district have (says Gxe iVarwich Examiner) led to that minoral being brought into largo consumption, and it is now UBod in numbors of houses in tho town and distriot. Tho coal is of a reully tlio use of wood. It is obtained at Mr. F. Morgan's mino, on tho ro sorve, seven miles from AVarwiok, without any diffioulty, and no mining obBtaotas havo so far been mot with. Tho ooal from tho Clifton col liery is also of oxcollont qunl ty, and it is used to a largo oxtont in tho distriot. From both of tho abova-named mines ooal is dolivorod nt tho houses ' in AVarwiok at a very ronsonable . rato, and from thoso who have used it we hoar that it !b far mora economical than wood. Attemtt to Resoue Prisoners.; — Aboldat- : tompt wns tnado to resouo prisoners at Yulebah a few nights ago (says tho Dalby Herald). Two prisoners wore boing convoyed to Too- woomba, Scotohy Lawson, for trial nt tho en- Buing asslzos, nnd Walsh, convicted at Roma, to undorgo his terin of eighteen' months' im prisonment for the robbory of Mr. Suudcmau's drays. ' Thoy wcro in oliargo of two constables, and on tho night thoy stopped at Yulobah, Mrs. Lynoh's attention waB uttraotcd to a man who was apparently digging with a spado at tho foot of tlio stabs of tlio building in whioli tho prison'ors woro confined. Sho immediately informed lior husband, who wont out and : found a ; man namod Aitoheson digging at tho stabs, Mr. Lynch aocosted tho follow, who began to abuse him. Tbo constable who was on .guard, hearing tho altercation, camo out, and scoured the would-bo liberator, wh was takon to Condamine and locked up to nwnit tho ui biiu cuusiauios trom xoowoomoa, wlion tlio charge of attempting, to rosoue pri-' sonera will be preferred ngniust him, nnd it is to ho hoped ho will meet with his due reward. . A fow davs before, when Surlick nnrl M'Tlnnnld wore boing brought down after thoir conviotion i at Ronia, tlio samo man,: Aitclioson, proposed to Mr. Lynoh's cook, ns tho escort nnd prisoners were stopping for tho night at tho hotel, that if ho (tho cook) would engage tho constables "in a string"— i.o., keep thoir attention em ployed— lio (Aitoheson) would romovo tlio prisoners' log-irons. Tlio cook, vory properly, informed Mr. Lynoh . of tlio proposal, who gnvo Mr. Aitoheson a caution. Gold in New Zealand. — The minors havo sottled down to steady work at tho Tairna Gold-fiold, Uppor Thnmos, although" a number of tho claims are protected until fino weather sots in. Somo splendid speoimons have beon taken out of tlio prospeotors' claim ; tho gold is found in a species of eomcnt, tho reefs being well defined but somewhat different in formation to those of' tho Lower Thames Gold-fiold. A trial crushing from tho abovo claim of two tons and a quarter from tho lodo gave a yiold of 80 oz. A largo numbor of mining Icasos havo beon taken up around it. The General Government havo paid ovor somo £6000 on account of tho. ThamosFumping Association, so that tho danger of a stoppago of tliat important enterprise' is avorled for tlio prosont. His Honor Sir Georgo Grey nooepted tlio ndvanoo as a provinoiul liabi lity under protost. Tho yield of the Lower Thames Gold-fiold for the past 'month was 8I43 ozs., boing an increaso of 1078 oz. ovor tho previous one, or an avorago of an ounco por ton ot quartz orushod.— S. iff. Herald. 