DxCo CoNFEssION9s.-- Wo e had thought we were to sec no mnore of tie " Last dying speech and confession " of the mian in the condemned cell, but the simplicity of Dean Gegg has furnished us with one more of these sensational compositions ex. actly according to the old pattern :rand equally inexpressive of the miserable man's real feelings. The goo I Dean who has apparently not the slightest acquaintance with the native mind, has evidestly put a number of questions to which the native has. out of pure indo'ence or under the idea that it might be of some use to hiint--assented and so allowed hisshelf himself to be turned out a well informed Christian. HIad the De:an understood the language of the native he ad dressed-evidently a deteemicned fierce fel low-and ;ad he heard him spaking to a native of his own trbe, he soul:l pr.,bally have found him tell a very different tale. le would have lhe, rd him describing tihe white man as doing anything but what was right and speaking of wrongs from one white nren and another for whiih he ihad a right to take a life, even if hlie was not bound to take the oune particular life; or hasd he been speaking in broken English he might have probably been heard saying sonmthing of this sort-" WVhite fellow too much sulky fellow; what for he nothing spear'm me it leg and let me go ? he hiunt me all sane kangaroo and try and shoot'em me and i first time shoot and make him dead fellow, and that all right. An i then, what for this fellow wongi wongi, if he nothing let me go ?" The fierce old native whm the good Dean was addressing had no more idea of the truths to which he was assenting end no more thought of discarding in their favor the prejudices in which hie had been.broughlt up, than if they had never been presented to himnl. Natises who are taught when children and some few who are taught in after life may take in thie leading truths if Christianity, but even thtese could not dictate such a model ".'dying speech and confession " as that which Dean Gegg imagines he obtained. That the fierce native, who out of revenge or in defence of his liberty-had just coolly shot down the policeuman who was in pursuit of him, should do so is to those who know anything of natives incnceivable. LITEBRARY eCuesonplishiinent Of na tives. To give an idea how aboriginals think and write when they are sufficiently educated to give their ileas form, we venture to publish a letter from a really superior b'ack fellow addressed to a lady of oar acquaint iance. We have not asked our dark triend's permission, ibut as we do not give any camnes tad hisletter does him infinite credit, we think we may publish is without offetce:- Premusntle, March, 1875, My very dear Miss,- I dii prumise to write to you, so I got my friend to direct this letter for me. I should hare writtein to you before, but I got on the sprce when I wenttt,, see my old friendl A. F-- . You woull laugh, if you had seen h*.w pleased all my old Fremiantle frienids were to see me. I see o d Lionel and Luke andi Fred and Fat Williams, an i see M- married anid hIe lthad a waistcoat on what looked like silk and such a very fineo gol watch andi I felt I was proud of him mhen hie lays hld of his swoman's hand in the church and shouts very quietly I M, take thee A----. But you c.n find it in the Comimon P'rayer lBook, and I will write again ncxtweek. I amnt your true Black friend lwho will write again. 8LAvt?EX and Spirit Rapping in West Australia. Things have been just re lated in the columns of each of otr weekly cotemporories for which we iuist coufoss we were quite unprepared. Frost the one jour nal we learn that sla es aire bought ant sold tnmong us without any attempt at disgui-ing this certainly 'n.awful traffic and in the other that the ghosts of persons long since dead are manifesting in an unmistakeable way a lively interest iu the question of edu cation. In theone owe are positively told that the Good Templars have " bought a brass band," and in the other that our" pro. genitors "are " growling " at tihe enforce iient of the comipulsory clause. We have heard of Mehemet Ali selling regiments of Egyptian troops to the French, and somie thing about the British themselves buying soldiers; we have a s, hesrl of spirit rapping cnd ghosts anti second sight, but we hItave nayer before heard ofa whole brass baud being soll as an artcle of merchandize in timne of peace or of anythinig so dreadful as the ghosts of our fore-fithters appearing before a school board and " growling" at the members for tyrannizing over their off spring." ALoDGE of the Order of Good Tem plars, wasopened atBanbury on Friday even ing by thie Rev. J. Johnston. iBetween 30 or 40 meltbers wereinitia;ted. The movem-nt is likely to meet with conisiderable success here. Mr. Johnston hlts also been requested to open a lodge at the Vasse. Ctrio DINNEiER..-'ho Chairman of the City Caouncil (G. Shenton, Esq.,) gave an official drnner, on \Vednesday evening last. Among the guests were :--Sir Archli bald Burt, Chief Justice, The Colonial Secre tary, Attorney General, Surveyor General, Commlandant, Treasurer, Postmaster Gene ral, Colonial durgeon, Police Magistrate, Deputy Sheriff, F. Locbie, Esq., JP., Act. ing Comptroller General, C'ipt. lillman, M.R V., Editor of the ' WV.A. Times,' Editor of the ' Inquirer,' Senior Councillor Smith, Councillor Stone, East Ward, Councillor Summers, Central Ward, Councillor Chipiper, West Ward. DEATII OF THE MIESitS. CLAsRKON. A correspondent, who was one of the party to which the Messrs, Clarkson belongeld, writing from the Mlurchison, under date the 12th of April, after givisg the particulars of the finding of the bodies, goes on to say: " I have since been told how the natives. killed himn. It was about 12 o'clock in the day, he was lying on his side under a tre ; and they walked very quietly up behind him and spearelhim, then hitting him on the nose with a douark. The natives have also brought me iu several articles of Hlenry Clarksons ; hIis silver watch, pocket knife, cap box, saddle-pad, flap of saddle, some shot, and the roller oni which his mnap was rolled. There has been one of the murders at our c rmp, I did not kno v it at the time; the native who told us, said lie was afraid to tell us lwhile he was at the camp. There is a tribe of natives here that has camefrom the Lyons River, and they have told our native that they had speared lots of of Messrs. Haucock's and McLeod's cattle. I have seen a good many of the tribe and they are in line fat condition. INSPEOrION OF VOULUTEEItS.-Tho half-yearly inspection of the Fremantle Volunteers, took place on Thtursday, the 6th inst., at 4 p.m. The Inspector of Volunteers, Colonel Harvest, was received with a general salute, after which, he passed dowvn the ranks examining the arms, accou trements and cothing of the men. The company then broke into column and marched past in quick and double time, very fairly, want of steadiness being the principal fault. Sub. Lieut. Samson. then plut them through the manual and firing exer cises, in which the Colonel remarked there was room for improvement. They were then manreurred as a company in line, anod also as a company in column, by theleft, and after a little skirmishing, the company re formed, and the Colonel proceeded ,o aldress them. He conveyed to tihe corps His Excel lency the Governor's regrctat lt not being present, the result of indispo=ition. lie (Colonel llarcst) had promised to make a faithful report to Ilis Excellency, respecting the appearance, &c.;, of the corps, and he had much pleasure in saying that, that faithful report weronldbe favorable to them. After a a few more remarnks the gallant Colonel withdrew. As he (the Colonel) was leaving the ground, Capt. Suther'ar.d called for three cheers which were very heartily given ; the Colonel turned about and said that he wras much pleased to receive such a proof of the good feeling ot~ the corps towards hlim self, and assured them of the interest he felt in their success as Volunteers. 