T B S D B A 9 6 t C R E T, BOOK n. CHAPTER III. TltF. BRIDE AN'I) BIUDEGROOM. BY VILKSE OOI.SiTSR. »-.. . .X . Under the toof of a widowed mother, Miss Mowlem lived humbly at St. Swithin's-on-Sea. In the spring of the year eighteen hundred and forty-four, the heart of Miss MowWs widowed toother was gladdened by a small legacy. Turning over in her mind the various uses to which the money might he put, the discreet old lady finally decided on investing it iu furniture, on fitting up the first floor aud the second floor of her house in the best taste, and on hanging a card in the parlour window to inform the public that she had famished apartments to let. By the summer the apartments were ready, and the card was put up. It had hardly been exhibited a week before a dignified personage in black applied to look at the rooms, expressed himself as satisfied with their appearance, and engaged them for a month certain, for a newly-married lady aud gentleman, who might be expected to take possession in a few days. The dignified personage in black was Captain Treverton's servant, and the lady and gentleman, who arrived in due time to take possession, were Mr. and Mrs. Frankland. The natural interest which Mrs. Mowlem felt iu her youthful firstlodgers was necessarily vivid in its nature ; but it was apathy itself compared to the sentimental interest which her daughter took in observing the manners and customs of the lady and gentleman in their capacity of bride and bridegroom. From the moment, when Mr. and Mrs. Frankland entered the house, Miss Mowlem began to study them with all the ardour of an industrious scholar who attacks a new branch of knowledge. At even' spare moment of the day, this iudustrious young lady occupied herself in stealing up-stairs to collect observations, aud in running down-stairs to communicate them to her mother. By the time the mamed couple had lieen in the house a week, Miss Mowlem had made such good use of licr eyes, oars, and opportunities that she could have written a seven days* diary of the lives of Mr. and ill's. Frankland with the truth aud minuteness of Mr. Samuel Pepys himself. But, leani as much as we may, the longer we lire the more information there is to acquire. Seven days' patient accumulation of tacts in connection with the honeymoon had not placed Miss Mowlem beyond the reach of further discoveries. Ou the morning of the eighth day, after bringing down the breakfast tray, tliis observant spinster stole up-stairs again, according to custom, to drink at the spring of knowledge through the key-liole channel of the drawingroom door. After an absence of five minutes she descended to the kitchen, breathless with excitement, to announce a fresh discovery in connection with Mr. and Mrs. Frankland to her venerable mother. " Whatever do you think she's doing now!" cried Miss Mowlem, with widely-opened eyes and highly elevated hands. " Nothing that's useful," answered Mrs. Mowlem, with sarcastic readiness. " She's actually sitting on his knee! Mother, did you 'ever sit on father's knee when you were married ?" " Certainly not, my dear. When me and your poor father married, we were neither of us flighty young people, aud we knew better." " She's got her head on his shoulder," proceeded Miss Mowlem more and more agitatedly," and her arms round his neck— both her arms, mother, as tight as can Tie." " I won't believe it," exclatned Mrs. Mowlem, indignantly. " A lady like her, •with riches, and accomplishments, aud all that, demean herself like a housemaid with a sweetheart. Don't tell me, I won't believe it!" It was true though, for all that. There were plenty of chairs in Mrs. Mowlem's drawing-room ; there wore three beautifully bound books on Mrs, Mowlam's Pembroke table (the Antiquities of St. Switliin's, Smallridge's Sermons, and Klopstock's Messiah in English prose)—Mrs. Frankland might have sat on jwrple morocco leather, stuffed with the best horse-hair, mighthave informed and soothed her mind with archaeological diversions,- w^th orthodox native theology, and with devotional poetry of foreign origin—and yet, so frivolous is the nature of women, she was perverse enough to prefer doing nothing, and perching herself uncomfortably on her husband's knee! ' '• fjtf. for ; rttofe; in the -undignified position ivlupb ^Kss ^wlem liad described with such graphic correctness to her motherthen drew back a little, raised her head, and lop^^eiime&jr; 7 Snip ' quiet, meditative fpee .of the bjind ^naiu i•.ff.Lei^rfWiim'mfy. silent ihis morning," she'saids ^ 'Wlialxave you thinking about 1, If you will toll mo all your thoughts, I will toll you all mine." "Would you really caw to hoar all my thoughts !" asked Leonard. , "Yes; all. 1 shall be jealous of any thoughts that you keep to yourself. Tell me what you were thinking of just now % Mo f •'Not exactly of you." " More shame for you. Are you tired of me in eight dap 11 have not thought of anybody but you ever since we have been here. All ? you laugh. O, Lenny, I do low you so: how can I think of anybody but you 1 No! I slian't kiss you. I want to know what you were thinking about first." " Of a dream, Rosamond, that I had last night Ever since the first days of my blindness—Why, I thought you were not going to kiss me again till I had told you what I was thinking S)OUt!" " I can't help kissing you, Lenny, when you talk of the loss of your sight. Tell me, my poor love, do I help to make up for that loss! Are you liappier than you used to be? and liave I some share in making that happiness, though it is ever so little?" She turned her head away as she spoke, but Leonard was too quick for her. His inquiring fingers touched her cheek. " Rosamond, you are crying," he said. " I crying!" she answered, with a sudden assumption of gaiety. " No," she continued, after a moment's pause. " I will never deceive you, love, even in the veriest trifle. My eyes serve for both of us now, don't they? you depend on me for all that your touch tails to tell you, and I must never be unworthy of my trust—must II I did cry, Lenny—but only a very little. I don't know how it was, but I never, in all my life, seemed to pity you, and feel for you as I did just at that moment. Never mind, I've done now. Go on—do go on with what you were going to say." "I was going to say, Rosamond, that I have observed one curious thing about myself since I lost my sight. I dream a great deal, but I never dream of myself as a blind man. I often visit iu my dreams places that I saw, aud people whom 1 kuew when I had my sight, and though T feel as much myself, at those visionary times, as I am now when I am wide-awake, I never by any cliauce feel blind. I wander about all sorts of old walks in my sleep, and never grope my way. I talk to all sorts of old friends iu my sleep, and see the expression in their faces which, waking, I shall never see again. I liave lost my sight more tlian a year now, and yet it was like the shock of a new discovery to me to wake up last night from my dream, and remember suddenly thai I was blind." " What dream was it, Lenny V " Only a dream of the place where I first met you when we were both children. I saw the glen, as it was years ago, with the great twisted roots of the trees, and the blackbeny bushes twiniug about them in a still shadowed light that came through tluek leaves from the rainy sky. I saw the mud on the walk in the middle of the glen, with the marks of the cows' hoofs in some places, aud the sharp circles in others where some countrywomen had been lately trudging by on pattens. I saw the muddy water running down on either side of the path after the shower; aud I saw you, Rosamond, a naughty girl, all covered with clay and wet—just as you were in the reality —soiling your bright blue pelisse and your pretty little chubby hands by making a dam to stop the running water, and laughing at Hie indignation of your nursemaid when she tried to pull you away, and take yon home. I saw all that exactly as it really was in the bygone time; but, strangely enough, I did not see myself as the boy I then was. You were a little gill, and the glmi was in its old neglected state, and yet, though I was all in the past so far, I was in the present as regarded myself. Throughout the whole dream I was uneasily conscious of being a grown man—of being, in short, exactly what I am now, .excepting always that f was not blind." " What a memory you must have, love, to be able tp recal all,those little circumstances, after the years that liave passed since that wet day in the glen! How weU you recollect what I was as a child ! Do you remember m the same vivid way, what I looked like a year ago, when you saw me—0, Lenny, it almost breaks my heart to think of it !—when you saw me for the last time t" " Do I remember, Rosamond i My last look at your face has painted your portrait on toy memory in colours that can never change.; I bays many pictures ,in, my mind, but yourpicture is the clearest and brightest of ; all;" " And it is the picture of me at my best— painted In my youth, dear, when my face >vas always confessing how t loved you, though my lips said toothing. There is some consblationiu that thought. When yeate liave passed over iis both, Lenny, and when time begins to sot his mark on mo,, you will riot say to yourself,' My Rosamond is beginning to fade; elm grows less and less like what she was w|ien I married her/ I shall'never grow old, love, for vou 3 The bright young picture in your mind will still be my picture when my cheeks are wrinkled wruucieu. and u»u my hftir »••" is - o- grey. v Still your picture—always tlie same, grow (MasOmf^V p i n°M "But are you sure it is clear m every mrtjf Are there no doubtful lines, no unfinished corners anywhere?' 1 liave not altered yet, since you saw me—I am just wliat I was a year ago. Suppose I adc you wliat I am like now, could you tell me without making a 1 mistake?" ' j* « T j v - , v "May 1? You shall be put through a complete ca^schisui! I don't tiw WfiWyig on your knee, do I? Well, in rtib flrst jlabe, how tall aui I when we both stand up side by side?" " You just reach to my ear. " Quite right, to begin with. Now for the next question. What does my hair look like in your portrait f . v - Qh " It is dark brown—there is a great deal of it—and it grows rather too low on your forehead for the taste of some people—" " Never mind about' some people;' does it grow too low foi your taste ?" " Certainly not I like it to grow low ; I like all those little natural waves that it makes against your forehead; I like it taken back, as you wear it, in plain bands which leave your ears aud your cheeks visible; and above all things, I like that big glossy knot that it makes where it is all gathered up together at the back of your head." " 0, Lenny, how well you remember me, so far! Now go a little lower." " A little lower is down to your eyebrows. They are very nicely shaped eyebrows in my picture—" " Yes, but they have a fault. Come ! tell me wliat the fault is ?" " Tlicy arc not quite so strongly marked as they might be." " Right again! And my eyes ?" " Brown eyes, large eyes, wakeful eyes, that are always looking about them. Eyes that can be very soft at one time, and very bright at another. Eyes tender and clear, just at the prcseut moment, but capable, on very slight provocation, of opening rather too widely, anil looking rather too brilliantly resolute." " Mind you don't make them look so now! What is there below the eyes i" ; " A nose tliat is not quite big enough to be in proper proportion with them. A nose that has a slight tendency to be—" "Don't say the horrid English word! Spare my feelings by putting it iu French. Say retrousse, and skip over my nose as fast as possible." " I must stop at the mouth, then, aud own tliat it is as near perfection as possible. The lips are lovely in sliape, fresh in colour, and irresistible in expression. They smile in my portrait, and I am sure they are smiling at mo now." " How could they do otherwise when they are getting sp much praise ? My vanity whispers to me that Iliad better stop the catechism here. If I talk about my complexion, I sljall only hear that it is of the dusky sort; aud that there is never red enough in it, except when I am walking, oi confused, or angry. If I ask a question about my figure, I shall receive the dreadful answer, 'You are dangerously incliiied to be fat.' If I say, how do I dress! I shall be told, not soberly enough; you are as fond as a child of gay colours—No ! I v ill venture no more questions. But, vanity apart, Lenny, I am so glad, so proud, so happy to find that you can keep the image of me clearly in your muid. I sliall do my best now to look and dress like your lust { remembrance of me. My love of loves ! I will do you crcdvfc-I will try it I can t make you envied for your \vifc You deserve a hundred thousand' kisses for saying your catechism so weU—and there they While Mis. Frankland was conferring the reward of merit on her husband, the souk of a taint, small, courteously-significant cough made itself timidly audible in a corner of the room. Turning round instantly with the r ^),Wt J c1mcteised a U her actions, Mrs. EVanklaud to -her horror and indS tion confronted Miss Mowlem . standing just mside the door with a letter in her hand, lud in'gfeee ^ ^ '' You wretch! how dare you come in with- Miss' Mowlem shoot'g^itily befb& r th P Wht angry eyes that looked through and through her, turned verv ml* b \ J whotlw w V ^ t ' t J , * < ™ uavf i «• hi aovct.sras so in. suited in my life—never, you moan, piying, inquisitive creature 1" " Rosamond! Rosamond! pray don't foiget yonraqlf I", interposed tlio quiet voice of Mr. Fmukland. > . , " I^imy, dear, I can't help it 1 That crea tui'c would ^ivp a saint mad. She has been prying,after us ever since we liave been here -—yoU tove, you ill-bred, indelicate woman !— I m^ebtc^L it Twfore—•I am certain of it MOW ! Must we lock bur doors to keep you but t—we won't lock our doors! Fetch the Will We give you warning. Mr. Fratikland gives you warning—don't you, Lenny? I'll pack up all your things, dear; she shan't touch one of them. Go down-stairs and rnako out your bill, and give your mother warning. Mr. Frankland says he won't have his rooms burst into, aud his door® listened at by inquisitive women—and I say so too. Put that letter down on the table—unless you want to open it aud read it—put it down, you audacious woman, and fetch the bill, and tell your mother, we are going to leave the house directly!" At this dreadful threat, Miss Mowlcm, who was soft aud timid, as well as curious, by nature, wrung her liands in despair, aud overflowed meekly in a shower of tears. " O! good gracious Heavens above !" cried Miss Mowlcm, addressing herself distractedly to the ceiling, " what will mother say ! whatever will become of me now! 0, Main, I thought I kuocked—I did, indeed! 0, Mam! I humbly beg pardon, and I'll never intrude again. O, Mam! mother's a widow, aud this is the first time we have let the lodgings, aud the furniture's swallowed up all our money, and, 0, Mam! Mam! how I sliall catch it'if you go!" Here words failed Miss Mowlcm, and hysterical sobs pathetically supplied their place. " Rosamondsaid Mr. Frankland. There was an accent of sorrow in his voice this time, as well as an acccnt of remonstrance. Rosamond's quick ear caught the alteration in his tone. As she looked round at him, her colour clianged, her head drooped a little, and her whole expression altered on the instant She stole gently to her husband's side with softened, saddened eyes, and put her lips caressingly close to his ear. "Lenny," she whispered, "have I made you angry with me i" " I can't beangry with you, Rosamond," was the quiet answer. " I only wish, love, tliat. you could have controlled yourself a little sooner." " I am so soriy—so very, very sorry!" Tlie fresh, soft lips came closer still to his ear as they whispered these penitent words ; and tlie cunning little hand crept up tremblingly round his neck and began to play with liis Irnir. " So sorry, and so ashamed of myself! But it woe enough to make almost anybody angry, just at first—wasn't it, dear? And you will forgive me—won't you, Lenny'—if I,promise never to behave so badly again? Never mind that wretched whimpering fool at the door/' said Rosamond, undergoing a slight relapse as she looked'round at Miss Modern, standing immovably repentant against the wall, with her face buried in a dingy-wlute pocketliandkerchief. " I'll make it up with her ; I'll stop her crying; HI take her out of the room; I'll do anything in the world that's kind to'her, if you will only forgive me." " A polite-word or two is all that is wanted •—•nothing more than a polite word or two," said Mr. Frankland, mther coldly and constrainedly. " Don't cry any more, for goodness sake!" said Rosamond, walking straight up to Miss Mowleto, and pulling the dingy-white pocketliandkerchief away from her face without the lekst ceremony. " There ! leave off, will you ? I am very sorry I was in a passion—though you had ,no business to come in without knocking—I never meant to distress you, and I'll never say a hard word- to you again, if you will only knock at the door for the future, and leave off crying now. Do leave off crying, yb^ tiresome creature! We are not going away,., Wc don't want your mother, or the bill, , of anything. Here ! here's a present for you, if you'll leave off crying. Here's my nockribbon—I saw you trying it on 3 r esterday afternoon, when I was lying down on the bedrobin, sofo, and you thought I was asleep. Never mind; Fiu not augry about tliat.' Take the.ribboii—take it as a peace-offering, if, you won't as a present. You shnll take it 3 Kjo, I.don't mean tliat—I mean, please take it;! There, I've pinned it on. And now, shake hands and be Mends, and go up-stairs and seelib wit looks in the glass." With these ^mnldaud openeddoor, administered, under the pretence of a pat on thp slioulder, iftj good-humored, shove to the amazed and embarrassed MissMowlein, closed tlie door again, arid resumed her place in a moment on hefr liusjjaud's kaiee." M •," ,".rv6 niadp it^'^l^^'^ear. , I've seri^ lier-ja^y WitlL my $ makes'^ep.'fepk ^ y^ow as'aiggmeaJ: andas, ugly as ——•Rosamond stopped, and lookedJ anxiously into MrFrankland'sfuce, "Lenny 1" she said sadly, putting her cheek against his, " are you augrywith xno still 1" " My love, I was never angry with you. never can be." " I will always keep my temper down for the future, Lenny 5" " I'm sure you will, Rosamond. But never mind that. I am not thinking of your temper now," " Of what, then f' "Of the apology you rnado to Mies Mowlem." " Did I not say enough ! I'll call her back if you like—-I'll make another penitent spoech —I'll do anything but kiss her. I really can't do tliat—I can't kiss anybody now, but you." " My dear, dear love, how very much like a child you are still, in some of your ways ! You said, more than enough to Miss Mowlem —far more. And if you will pardon me for making the remade, I think in your generosity and good-nature, you a little forget yourself with the youug woman. I don't so much allude to your giving her the ribbon—though, perhaps, tliat might have been done a little less familiarly—but, from what 1 heard you say, I iufer tliat you actually went the length of shaking hands with her." " Was that wrong ? I thought it was the kindest way of making it up." " My dear, it is an excellent way of makin it up between equals, But consider the difference between your station in society and Miss MowlemV' " I will try and consider it, if you wish me, love, liut I think I take after my father, who never troubles his head (dear old man !) about differences of station. I can't help liking people who are kind to me, without thinking whether they are above my rank or below it; aud when I got cool, I must confess I felt just as vexed with myself for frightening and distressing that unlucky Miss Mowlem, as if her station had been equal to mine. I will try to think as you do, Lenny ; but I am very much afraid that I have got, without knowing exactly how, to be wliat the newspapers call a Radical" My dear Rosamond ! don't talk of yourself iu that way, even iu joke. You ought to be the last person in the world to confu.su those distinctions iu rauk on which the whole well-being of society depends." " Does it really t And yet, dear, we don't seem to have been created with such very wide distinctions between us. We have all got the jsauic number of anus and legs; we are all hungry and thirsty, aud hot in the summer and cold iu the winter; we all laugh when we are pleased, and cry when Ave are distressed ; and, surely, we have all got very much the same feelings, whether we are high or whether we arc low. I could not liave loved you better, Leuny, than I do now, if I had been a duchess, or less than I do now, if I liad been a servantgirL" " My love, you are not a servant-girl. Aud, as to what you say about being a duchess, let me remind you tliat you arc not so much below a duchess as you seem to think. Many a ladv of high title, caunot look back on such a line of aucestors as yours. Your father's family, Rosamond, is one of the oldest in England; even vuj father's family hardly dates back so far; aud we were landed gentry wh^n many a name iu the peerage was not heard of. It is really almost laughably absurd to hear you talking of yourself as a Radical." " I won't talk of myself so again, Lenny —only don't look so serious. I will be a Tory, dear, if you will give me a kiss, and let me sit on your knee a little longer." Mr. Frankland's gravity was not proof against his wife's cliauge of political principles, aud the conditions which she annexed to it. His face cleared up, and he laughed almost as gaily as Rosamond herself. By the bye," he said, after an interval of silence had given him time to collect liis thoughts, "did I not hear you tell Miss Mowlem to put a letter down on the table? Is it a letter for you, or for ine ?" Ah! I forgot all about the letter," said Rosamond, running to the table. " It is for you, Lenny—aud, goodness me ! here's the Porthgcnna postmark on it." " It must be from the builder whom I sent dOwn to the old house about the repairs. Lend me your C3 r es, love, and let us hear what ho says." Rosamond opened the letter, drew a stool to her husband's feet, and, sitting down with her arms on his knees, road as follows :— ; TO LEONARD PRAUKLAKD, ESQ. SIB,—Agreeably to the instructions with which you favored me, I have proceeded to purvey Portbgenria Tower,, with a \ view to iscertaining what repairs the house in general, ind the north side of it in particular, may stand in need of. As regards tlie outside, a little cleaning and new pointing is all that the building wants. The walls and foundations aoem made to liwt for ever. Such strong solid work I never set eyes on before. Inside the house, 1 cannot report so favorably. The rooms in tho west front, having been inhabited during the period of Captain Treverton's occupation, and having been well looked after since, are in tolerably sound condition. I should say two hundred pounds would covcr the expense of all repairs in my line, which these looms need. This sum would not include the restoration of the west staircase, which has given a little in some places, and the bannisters of which arc decidedly insecuic, from the first to the second landing. From twenty-five to thirty-pounds would suffice to set this all right. In the rooms on the north front, the state of dilapidation, from top to bottom, is as bad as can be. From all that I could ascertain, nobody ever went near these rooms in Captain Treverton's time, or has ever entered them since. The people who now keep the house liave a superstitious dread of opening any of the north doors, in consequence of the time that lias elapsed since any living being lias passed tlirough them. Xobody would volunteer to accoiupauy inc iu my survey, and nobody could tell me which keys fitted which room doors in any part of the north side. 1 could find no plan containing tlie names or numbers of the rooms: nor, to my surprise, were there any labels attached separately to the keys. They were given to ine, all hanging together on a large ring, with an ivorv label to it, wliich was only marked—Keys of the North Rooms. I take the liberty of mentioning those particulars in order to account for my having, as you might think, delayed my stay at Porthgeiuia Tower longer than is needful. I lost nearly a whole day in taking the keys off the ring, and fitting them at hazard to the right doors. And I occupied some hours of another day in marking each door with a number on the outside, and putting a corresponding Libel to each key, before I replaced it on the ring, in order to prevent the possibility of future errors and delays. As I hope to furnish you, in a lew days, with a detailed estimate of the repairs needed in the north part of the house, liom basement, to roof, I need only say here that they will occupy some time, and will be of the most extensive nature. The beams of the staircase and the flooring of the first story liave got the dry rot. The damp in some rooms, and the rats in others, have almost destroyed the wainscottings. Four of the mantelpieces have given out from the walls, aud all the ceilings are either stained, cracked, or peeled away iu laigc patches. The flooring is, in general, in a better condition than 1 had anticipated ; but the shutters and window-sashes are so warped as to be useless. It is only fair to acknowledge that the expense of setting all these things to lights—tliat is to .say, of making the rooms safe and liabitablc, and of putting thein in proper condition lor the upholsterer—will be considerable. I would respectlully suggest, ill the event of your feeling any surprise or dissatisfaction at the amount of my estimate, tliat you should name a friend in whom you place confidence, to go over tho north rooms with me, keeping my estimate in his hand. I will undertake to prove, if needful, the necessity of each separate repair, and the justice Of each separate chaige for the same, to the satisfaction of any competent and impartial person whom you may please to select. Trustiug to send you the estimate in a few days, I remain, sir, Your humble servant, "A very honest, straightforward letter," said Mr. Frankland. " I wish he had 6cnt the estimate with it," said Rosamond. " Why could not the provoking man tell us at once in round numbers what the repairs will really cost ?" " I suspect, my dear, he was afraid of shocking us, if he mentioned the amount in round numbers." " That horrid money ! It is always getting in one's way, aud upsetting one's plans. If we haven't got enough, let us go ani borrow off somebody who has. Do you mean to despatch a friend to Porthgeuna to go over the house with Mr. Horlock? If you do, I kuow who I wish you would send." "Who?" Me, if you please—under your escort, of course. Don't laugh, Lenny. 1 would be very sharp with ill'. Horlock ; I would object to every one of his charges, aud beat him down without mercy. I once saw a surveyor go over a house, and I kuow exactly what to do. You stamp on the floor, and knock at the walls, and scrape at the brickwork, and look up all the chimneys, and out of all the windows—sometimes youuiake notes in a little book, sometimes you measure with a foot-rule, sometimes you sit down all of a sudden, anil tluuk'prbfouiidly—and the end of it is that, ydu say the. house will do Very well iudeed, if tho tenaut will pull out his purse, and put it in propel repair." " WeJl done, Rosamond! You liave ouo mow accomplishment tlian I knew of; and I suppose I have no choice now but to give you an opportunity of displaying it. If you don't °hjoct, my dear, to being associated with a professional assistant in the important business of checking Mr. Horlock's estimate, I don't object to paying a abort visit to Porthgcnna whenever you please—especially now I kuow that the west rooms are still habitable." " 0, how kind of you! how pleased I shall be! how I shall enjoy seeing the old place again before it is altered! I was only five years old, Lenny, when we left Porthgcnna, and I am so anxious to see wliat I can remember of it, after such a long, long absence as mine. Do you know, I never saw anything of that ruinous north side of tlie house—and I do so dote on old moms 1 We will go all through them, Lenny. You shall have hold of my hand, and look with my eyes, and make as many discoveries as I do. I "prophesy that we shall see ghosts, and find treasures, and hear mysterious noises—and, oh heavens! what clouds of dust we shall have to go through. Pouf: the very anticipation of them chokes me already !" " Now we are on tlie subject of Porthgcnna Itosamond, let us In.' serious for one moment. It is clear to me that these repairs of the north rooms will cost a large sum of nionev. Now, my love, I consider no sum of money misspent, however largo, it may lie, if ft procures you pleasure. I am with you heart and soul — " He paused. His wife's caressing arms were twining round his neck again, and her cheek was laid gently against his. " Go on, Lenny," she said, with such an acccnt of tenderness in the utterance of those three simple words, that his speccli failed him for the moment, and all his sensations seemed absorbed in the one luxury of listening. "Rosamond," lie whispoied. " there is no music in the world that touches me as your voice touches me now ! T feel it all through me. as I used sometimes to feel the sky at night, in tho time when I could see." As he spoke, the caressing arms tightened round his neck, and tho fervent lips softly took the place which the cheek had occupied. " (io on, Lenny," they repeated happily as well as tenderly now, " Yon said vou were with me, heart and soul With me in what V " In your project, lmv, for inducing your father to retire from his profession after this last cruise, aud in your hope of prevailing mi him to pass the evening of his days liappily witli us at Portligenna. If the money spent iu restoring the north rooms, so tliat we may all live in them for the future, does indeed so alter the look of the pliicc to liis eyes as to dissipate his old sorrowful associations with it, and to make his living there again a pleasure instead of a pain to him, I shall regard it as money well laid out. But, Rosamond, are you sure of the suce-ess of your plan before we undertake it t Have you dropped any hint of the Porthgcnna project to your father i" " 1 told him, Lenny, that 1 should never be piite comfortable unless he left the sea, and came to live with us—and he said that lie would. I did not mention a word about Porthgcnna—nor did he—but he knows that we shall live there when we are settled, aud he made no conditions when lie promised tluit our home should be his home." " Is the loss of your mother the only sad association he has with the place ?" "JTot quite. There is another association, which lias never been mentioned, but which I may tell you, because there are no secrets between us. My mother had a favorite maid who lived with her from the time of her marriage, and who was, accidentally, the only person present in her room when site died. I remember hearing of this woman as being odd in her look and manner, and no great favorite with anybody but her mistress. Well, on the morning of my mother's death, she disappeared from the house in the strangest wav, leaving behind her a most singular and mysterious letter to my father, asserting that in my mother's dying moments, a Secret had been confided to her which she was chaiged to divulge to her master when liev mistress was no more: and adding that she was afraid to maintain this secret, and that, to avoid being questioned about it, she liad resolved on leaving the house for ever. She had been gone some hours when the letter was opened —and she lias never been seen or heard of since that time. This circumstance seemed to make almost as strong an impression on my father's mind as the shock of my mother's death. Our neighbor's and servants all thought (as I think) that the woman was mad • but he never agreed with them, and I know ; that he has neither destroyed nor forgotten the letter from that time to this." "A strange event, Rosamond,—a very strange event. I don't wonder tliat it lias made a lasting iinpr&teion; on iiimi" "Depend upon it, Lenny, the servants and tlie neighbour were right-^the woman was mad. Any 1 way," hOwev&, it was THOMAS HORLOCK. certainly tv jtiiiguliir event m qur family 411 old houses iiave their romance—and that is the romance of our house. But years and yearai have passed since then; Mid, wiiat.vith tiittc, and what with the changes wo arc going to make,! have 110 imr that my dear, good father will spoil our plans. Give him a new north giuden at Porthgcwia, where he can walk the decks, m 1 call it,—give him •new north rooms to live iu—and I will answer fpr the result. iJut nil this is iu the future; let us get hack to the present time. When fill all in? jjay our flying visit to Porthgenna, Lenny, and plunge into the important business of checking Mr. Ilorlock's estimate for the repairs!" " We have three weeks uiore to stay here, Rosamond." " Yes j and then we must go back to Long iWkley. I promised that best and biggest of men, the vicar, that we would pay our first visit to him, He is sure not to let us off under three weeks or a month." " In tliat awe, then, we had better say two mouths licuce for the visit to Porthgvnna. Is your writing-case in the room, Rosamond 1" " Yes ; close by us, on the table." " Write to Mr. llorlock then, love—and appoint a meeting in two months' time at the old house. Tell him also, as wo must not trust ourselves on unsafe, .stairs—especially considering how dependent I am mi lianisters—to liave the west sitaii--ca.se rejmitwl immediately. Ami, while you have the pen in your hand, perliaps it may save trouble if you write a second note Ut the housekeeper at l'orthgenua, to tell Her when she may exjx'ct us." Rosamond «at down gaily at the tabic and dipped her pen in the ink with a little flourish of triumph. " In two month*," she cxelumed joyfully, '' 1 sliall see the dear old pi;ice again I In two months, Lenny, our profane feet will be raising the dust in the solitudes of the North llooms." (To !»' continued.) 