TOPICS. IT is fashionable, perhaps not so much in this colony asin Eurbpe, to l discourse on the doctrines of Spiritualism, and very probably before this Century has expanded itself, this.ism will take a Ifehape and form that will admit of sober argument. At the present period of its existence there is so much "floating matterin the air" as tfKonfbtind it "with that dagger : whicb Macbetli snfa' drew him ; to Duncan's chamber. Robert Bell, a'no mean authority as far as character is concerned, shook the sceptical world with his spirit^Mstic revelations, and in this colony a Mr. Frederick Sinclair contributed a valuable and reliable paper to the public press here Both of these gentlemen are above suspicion of complicity in a fraud,. por do I suppose they were the victims ofwipfjmitipus delusion. Possibly I may be misti&tt;£|piit:I don't think I am. Before Iproceed;#«B^fcesent "topic" I may mention ,that in a )i^i|p>Siiring town of yours a small party, not many,years.. ago, sat in the private parlor of an hotel, and "tried the effects of table-tnrning. I am told it was#i round table. The orthodox linking of fingertpthe placing of thumbs on tlietaele, the choice of a. medium, in fact all things were; " ma'de right^v There was what might be termed a spasmodic motion of the table, and the rappings gave "true" answers .through the . medium. This I was assured to be a fact by one of the parties most interested, "and whose veracity I have not the least reason to doubt. Spirtualisui, in so far as it maintains the doctrine of a visible connection —-not-visible to all persons—between the material and'immaterial''world,-'cannot be .rejected by any sect of Christians.- Its denial is simply founded on the absence of individual illustrative proof. If every-man saw- aliko there would be less difference• of opinion in the world; but because all men < do not see alike, differences— honest differences—arise. • I do not go the whole length of the spiritualist, but to those who have confidence in the doctrine I will not deny the homage of my respect. Therw are in 'Yeality so many irreproachable men who have through ill report, clung to the" doctrine that. it would be impossible for any reasonable man to regard them as impostors. • That there are impostors (so there were 1 false Christs) who trade in Spiritualism as a trade is nothing'- whatever to do with'that ism: '£d fjiave-said; I have nothing at the present time to do; with the hidden world as materially developed Vy^drtal agency. But before I leave the" more myeterique and enter upon that which has a special interest to the common, or vulgar inind, I.would, remind your readers of those lines of Iiongfellow, no believer in material spirits but of those spirits that crowd the air, and "sit in "good men's seats." who hover about old mansions—and new cottages tod;—and occupy the vacant places that death has made vacant—not the churchyard, ghosts who have been bogies to "children, but the kindly features of dear.relatiyes gone in the body, but who love to haunt and would' make glad by their presence the festive board were, they permitted to do BO. •.•-.. from the world of spirits • there .descends A bridge of light, connfQtiug.it with this j\ O'er whoBe unsfceaBy floor, ^bat sways and bends, Wander our thoughts abo?e thd ilark abyss." < The wanderings of thought arebiit another form of faculty of sight—and it must be remembered that the philosophers of our jday ?insist that substances, are but, imaginative, and pain, the result of over nervous excitement. The reader will have to accept or reject what f am about to relate according to the .susceptibility. !of his belief.; but I promise that I will not lead him to the realms of imagination, nor yet degrade myself by taking him into the depths of vulgar superstition. The instances of the .visitation of departed persons to this sublunary life are founded on evidence that I cannot reject, however much the reader may be. sceptical' in accepting my ipse dixit. Many years ago, when living at St. Omer, in the north part of France, I became ^acquainted with a Mrs. Gregory, who had been a long resident there. She was an acute well-educated Scotch woman, and was thoroughly devoid of any national superstition.' She-told me that many yeariB before I had the honor of her acquaintance she had a son serving in the army of the Peninsula, and that during the ten days storming of Ciudad-Roderigo (1812}; so-faras she could trace that-terrible Peninsular war, she. was sitting by Ler jfireside in a house in the Rue de St. Bertm, in^St. Omer; candles usually placed ;on the table 'net ah'g^-j^iije folding doors which divided the fronej^^ ^e back drawing room closed ; and. whilftin' a nioody temper of mind, these doors opened, and her son appeared within the aperture,. epoke:to her, told her not to be alarmed, but.that he liaddied from a'gunshot wound. He was dressed in the ordinary costume of a lieutenant—her son bore that rank,—he placed his hand upon the wound in his body from which the blood appeared to flow, and the doors dosed immediately afterwanlf. fn the-course of post, which was rather alow that time, she heard that her son had been shot at. the storming, 'and that the wound, his death wonnd, was exactly in the place the apparition indicated. Perhaps the reader may have some trouble in believing this brief narrative; I have none whatever, because I know the lady to be far above the influence either of falsehood or superstition. -She told me that at the time of the mysterious visitation she had not been thinking nor had she thought for any recent time about the fate of her son, and that she was taken by surprise by this manifestation. I place more reliance on this simple circumstance than all other evidences that have been adduced as to the return of spirits to this earth. Passing from French to colonial reminiscences of "ghosts"—though somewhat a wide bridge, there is not in the consideration of the subject so wide a one as might appear to the indifferent reader. The Ironstone Bridge "ghost" is an exploded counterfeit, and I have no part with that imposture, for imposture it undoubtedly was; nor will I say anything about the " headless stockman of the Billabong," for I have no data to support that apparition. But at a pi: CJ called Wargiela, about fifteen miles N.W. of Yass, an apparition has been seen, and the ap- pearance of that apparition is supported by the , most indisputable evidence. Many years ago— Icannbt say, nor can I ascertain, the country around the spot I am about particularly to refer to was a large cattle station. Subsequently it was cut up into small farms. There is a hut notfar from Wargiela Hill, and a cultivation paddock close by. There is a stream of water, which if I mistake not is an arm of the Burrowa River, that runs close by. It is that hut, or its close proximity, that is haunted. The " ghost" is that of a young woman, and she has repeatedly been seen passing from the top of the hill in the cultivation paddock to the river, with a pail in her hand, dipping it in the stream and returning quietly in the direction of the hill, but as she was so doing the apparition vanished from sight. If the statement depended merely upon those who resided there or in the immediate neighbourhood, some doubt might be entertained, because a story of that character once becomfng current is likely to be accepted as a fact by others. But the most remarkable comfirmation of this rem.irkable ghost affair is this ;—Two men, whose drays were laden with property were compelled to stop at the crossing place of the river, close to the hut alluded to. They had no knowledge whatever of the neighbourhood, of the persons who resided, or who had resided there; they were utter strangers. After they turned out their horses to feed and had lit their camp fire, much to their surprise they saw what was apparently a young female coming down the hill to the river with a pail in her hand. They called to her,, but received no answer. One of the men, on her return from the river, approached the apparent female, but as he did so she vanished from his sight. It is remarkable that Bhe appeared to have no feet. Th's fact, so far as I cau vouch for it, must be borne in mind when the reader considers the next case of apparition that I intend to give him. . Some years ago a Mr. .held a Government appointment in one of the principal towns in the southern district. He was a married man, well educated, and one whom I should suppose in no way inclined to superstitious belief. In fact from my knowledge of liim, and that was pretty intimate, I should judge him to be a most matter-of-fact man. When I knew him his wife was in a delicate state.of health, and the loss of their only child, a mere baby, had apparently preyed on her mind, but not to such an extent as to impair her mental faculties. Their residence was in a street running at right angles with the main thoroughfare, and was one of little traffic. Mr. told me that on one bright moonlight night his wife had occasion to go down to the farther end of the yard for the purpose of bringing up clothes that had been washed that day. Upon her return to the house she appeared to be terribly affected, and sank into a chair immediately on reaching the parlor. Her nervons ttate appeared to be so critical that her husband sent for a medial uian, who was immediately in attendance and prescribed as in cases of hysteria, Being as I have already stated, of a very delicate constitution, great weakness supervened, and it was not until some days after this occurrence that her husband questioned her as to the probable cause of tins unusual attack. She then stated to him, and I am pretty certain that, she also made the same statement to the doctor who attended her, that while she was returning from where she had gone for rhe clothes, and whilst passing a stagnant pool of water she observed a figure on the opposite side to that she was traversing, and in that figure she recognised her mother, who had been living, according to'the last accounts she had received, iu the Illawarra country. The fi'iire, or apparition, had a semi-transparent appearance, and wore a cloak which covered it completely from head to foot; but from the mein and the clothing she instinctively recognised it as her mother. I may here parenthetically mention that this young lady's mother died about the time of this remarkable visitation. Mr. mentioned to me all the circumstances a day or two after the occurrence, and attributed the whole afiair to a perturbation of mind, intensified by the delicate state in which his wife was at that time. When his wife partially recovered I called to inquire after her health, but of course made no allusion to a subject that had produced so much disquietude. As I was leaving Mr. —— drew me aside, and told me what- ever doubts he had previously entertained as to the reality of what his wife had seen he had now no doubts whatever. He then said that on the third day—if I remember correctly—after the spiritual appearance in the yard, and when his wife was getting sufficiently strong to move about, they -were standing at the front door of their cottage ; it. was a clear moonlight night, not a cloud visible. There was no conversation whatever with reference to the cause of her sickness, when he felt a convulsive grasp of her hand, and she whispered to .him " There—there it is 1" He turned his head, and saw a figure on the opposite side of the street—partially transparent, hooded, with a long garmient which concealed the feet, if-there were any feet at all— and which moved like a spirit." the figure clothed from bead to foot, Which keeps the keys of all the creeds." I have no wish to persuade any of your readers to a belief in spirits; but there are so many well-grounded statements as the visitations^ of these harmless, creatures as to create something more than a doubt. 