The Wallaroo Times WALLAROO : SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1875. Fbom the-fact that two eminent land law reformers - Messrs J. J. Casey, of Victoria, andE. Ward, of South Australia, -have recently announced that their trumpca'rd is to he that of au Australian Federation, vice that 'of Liberal Land Law Eeform, we are justified in inferring that this latter card is considered to be nearly played out. The agriculturists on the areas'have recently demonstrated, in the most significant manner, what is ' their opinion of the merit attaching to Mr Ward's labors. The whole affair Has been whatmay be described as thoroughly indigenous. The idea of the testimonial was first started. by the friends of Mr "Ward-with or without his cognizance they have, nop stated. What it ended in we all know ; and the 'collapse was, at any rate, of sufficient intensity to cause him to reflect upon the .absurdity of playing the role of the Farmer's Friend. We hear that it is probable the eccentric and erratic journal--the Gumcracha Guardian, the Glare Guardian, the Sapunda Guardian and the Farmers' Weekly Messenger, will .shortly appear as the Spectator, or under any other author ity i;han the " Farmersand such a result does not seem to be improbable. However, no matter what the change .may be, we congratulate Mr Ward upon at. His position in Parliament must be -improved thereby. He has been fighting, . with immense assiduity and perseverance to obtain the alienation of the public estate,*to a fraction of the . community, for but a moiety of its value. The fact may be demonstrated unanswerably the policy he advocated could only be carried out at the expense of the larger portion of the public for the benefit of the smaller, ISTow, he finds, by the stern logic of events, that even this smaller portion, does not care to pay for j public munificence out of its private purse, and he will sail on a different tack. And, we are bold to say, he has resolved upon a wise course. It . may readily be understood that the land policy which he s earnestlyadvocated,and probably believed j in, was one that to acquire an intimate ; knowledge of its various bearings, required years of study. And, also, does the policy he has apparently taken in band. To talk of the , advantages that would follow the federation, of the colonies is a very easy matter.; but to describe what federation really implies is a very different affair. Federation, let it be understood, is no new thing. Federal Union has been desired by various States both ancient and modern. The Achaean League was a resemblance of it. The confederation of Switzerland came near it; but still there remained the great difference that there is between a confederation and a federa tion. A confederation simply means the alliance of certain States for the attain ment of some definite object. A Federal1 Government is one .consisting " of several independent province or States united under one head; but the extent to which Buch states give up-their individual right may be very different, although, as relates to general politics, they have one common \ interest, and agree to be governed by one and the same principle." Such, in a general way, is the difference between . confederation and federation - words that are often taken to mean one and the Same thing. No doubt, unless the Con federate States of America resolved, if successful, to give a different meaning to a word, they must have discarded the title of confederacy. As it was -they were confederate, having one distinct obiect before them, but they were, in no proper sense of the word, Federal. The constitution of the United States comes Jibe most pearly to this of any' that has interest at the present date. There, commissioners from five States assembled at Annapolis in 1789, and the result of their consultation was a resolution that a conyention should be held to which all States should be invited to send dele gates. The Jinale of this was the consti tution of- the United States, with Mr Washington as President, and Mr J. Adams .is vice-President. But before this took place divers difficulties occurred of an entirely local character. Such as these we refer to will inevitably be encountered before the colonies of Aus tralia can be federalized, and, as they are of more than common import it is well to begin the study of them in time. Messrs Casey and Ward, we may do more than assume, only take up the subject of federalization as actors do a new play when the old piece is worn out. The perseverance with which Mr Ward has shewn that he can keep the subject of land law-reform, as he chooses to term his old hobby-horse, before the public, is sufficient warrant for us to assume that he will be not less pertinacious on the subject of a federacy. As we candidly believe in the latter, and considered the former to be mere moonshine and work fitted for a Jiocus pocus, we willingly en large upon the new subject. ( , When the authorities in ' America resolved upon a Federal Union they were confronted with the difficulty that arose in choosing a site for Congress to hold its sittings upon. This, let it be observed, is precisely one of the diffi culties that, under similar circumstances, would be encountered in Australia. Victoria would, almost as a matter of course, demand that Melbourne should be the Capitol. !Ne\v South Wales would consider that there were prior rights 'possessed by Sydney. Just the same sort of struggle occurred in America. Congress sat in Boston and New York but no one was satisfied. It was then resolved that Washington, on the banks of the Potamac, with about ten square miles of territory, should be declared the Federal city, and'that the Capitol should be erected there. That Federal city and domain is ruled by and under laws that may or may not obtain in A merica. Congress has power to make what laws it chooses for the governance of the city and the Province. Such an understanding would certainly have to be entered into before there could be a Federal Union in Aus tralia. Some district, we should presume in the ? South- East of this colony, would have to become exclusively Federal terri tory. There would have to be local legis latures, somewhat analogous to those of the States in America. These would have simply -local powers, such as might relate to the alienation of the public Estate, the management of the Police, and of, public institutions in general. Each colony would be, in fact, a province of the Union. Something after the example of the Dominion of Canada would be effected. That this is what all is tending to is almost beyond question. And if the policy of Aus tralia , instead of being as it is, wcro organised and controlled by half-a-dozen of the best men to be found in every colony, an improvement of an infinite order of merit would be effected. It would suit the inclinations of statesmen such as Lowe, Childers, Torrens, and Strang way s, to assist in the deliberations of an Amphictjonic Council of the Colo nies whilst they would despise the labor of Local Legislatures. And if Messrs Ward and Casey will endeavour to bring this about we will hold that their object is worthy of all encouragement. WITHOUT going so far as to say that anyone is to blante because a woman was allowed to die the other day without proper medical at tendance, only ignorant quacks being called in, we certainly think that it is time some amendment was made in an important branch of the law. It is time that questions affect ing the liberty of the subject, the preserva tion of life, and the protection of property, were put on a different footing. Our Moonta correspondent tells of a girl beitfg sent to gaol, by an ignorant presiding magistrate, when there was not evidence enough against her to warrant the most cross-grained parent in administrating summary justice to a child of four years oW, and for an offence that if committed by a child would be fully expir ated by a stay of half-an- hour in the corner of the room. Again, the Adelaide daily papers have been groaning beneath the weight of letters respecting the conduct of the Coroner at the recent fire on Mr Duryea's premises. The Coroner would not allow.per sons present, who were not there to give evi dence, to become amateur coroners and con duct the inquiry he was holding. He should have had power to order them into custody and have exercised it. But the simple fact is a good deal of this unpaid work is cheap and nasty. A proper Coroner ought to be ap pointed, in Adelaide at least. According to the evidence taken at the recent inquest at Moonta it would appear that a MrsDreschler died onMonday morning under circumstances that rendered inquiry necessary. The case had been reported to Sergeant Bentley, but he had to leave for Kadina, and if the Jury were satisfied, the local police might have also been. The poor woman bad been confined, complained on the 12th inst. of a cold, and Ayer's Pills were given to Jber. She became worse, suffered from diarrhoea,' and was. treated with Infant's Preservative-'whatever this may be. On Tuesday, the 20th inst., a Mr Sshultz, an homceopathist was called in. He gave her Infant's Preservative, and other medicines that, it may safely be presumed, are not in the Pharmacopoeia. Then she was reported dead, and Mr Schultz, who was not examined- at the "inquiry said he " was not Afraid and could get homoepatliic doctors to say his medicines were good.'' Dr. Elphick had been sent for, and arrived after the poor woman was dead. He, when examined, could only speak of the probable cause . of death. We have not the least idea that the I best medical treatment in the world could have saved her, but we say that proper means were not taken to prevent disease taking its. course. And, such an inquiry, if it produce no result, is a mere farce. The Jury returned a verdict that " Mrs Drescbler died from diarrhsea, and that it proved fatal so speedily because of the weakly condition in which she was left by her recent confinement. We deeply regret that Mr Dreschler should beve | inexperiencedly treated his wife with patent medicine and entrusted her to the ignorant treatment of Schultz, and while we see noth ing to criminate Schultz or any person con cerned, we think the conduct of Schultz in prescribing in a dangerous illness very repre hensible, and that the public should be warned by this event in trusting to such men.'' What the unfortunate woman may have died from we do not know, aud neither; we should imagine does any one else, but it is satisfactorily proved that she was most cruelly neglected. Ten or eleven weeks had elapsed since her confinement. WE drew attention, in our issue of the 24th inst., to the importance of a system of forestry being established in the colony, and the evi dence to hand since our article on the subject was written is to the effect that the opinions we expressed are those of other people besides ourselves. A meeting was held last week of settlers at Yarrowie to consider a letter re ceived from the office of the Commissioner of Crown Lands as follows:-" I have the honor by direction of tbe Commissioner to acknow ledge the receipt, on the 15th inst., of your memorial, asking that 29 sections of land, situated in the Hundred of Appila may he withdrawn, and withheld from sale as a forest reserve, and such other timber reserves as may be thought fit, may be made to the north and north-west of the said sections.-In reply, I am to state that'as the land occupied by you is in close proximity to the Wirrabara Forest Reserve, tbe Commissioner sees no ne cessity for withholding from sale so large a tract of country as that asked for, especially as no doubt this country will all eventually be taken up." The gentlemen at the meeting did not agree with the finding of the Com missioner. They first moved and carried that the letter of the Honorable the Commis sionerwas unsatisfactory. It wasexplained that " Many thousands of acres of land had not a vestige of timber on them, and yep these lands with timber were to be sold. The matter ef fencing would be a great drawback, and the future prospects of the country would be seriously impaired by the policy of a short sighted Government. The Chairman had clearly shown that these lands, if reserved, would be beneficial to the revenue. He saw that in America-that great timber country -any farmer who planted one acre, accord ing to the regulations, was entitled to select 40 acres of prairie land. This was done in order to foster|the growth of timber. But our ** powers that be had sadly floundered about.forest-nurseries and the like. The "old saw was quite applicable, they were " more happy in the breach than the performance.'' Mr Goyder's statistical tables anent forest nurseries were but mere waste paper, and threw dust in people's eyes.'' A reply to the Commissioner's ietter was drawn up in which it was stated that " tens of thousands of acres of land sold, and for ultimate sale, have not tbe slightest vestige of timber on them. The > purchasers are and will be, defacto tenants of the Government, and one of the conditions is to fence; but how this can be done, if the Hon. Commissioner ' sees DO necessity' for reserv ing timber to do so, is to us, at least, pro blematical, and needs explanation. That all these lands will eventually be taken up,' although for what purpose the Hon. the Com missioner does sot presume to say; perhaps it is more easy to. conceive the purposes, which will 'eventually' place these woodlands in toto where they will cease altogether to be accessible to your petitioners and others, for tbe purposes and requirements so obviously set forth herein. We, therefore, most respect fully entreat the Government to concede to this important matter that consideration as in your wisdom the case seriously demands." The knowledge of the Commissioner respect ing the utility of forest reserves, both, for timber and climatic purposes, is evidently of the most limited description. THE political world in South Australia has been stirred by what is certainly a proclam ation of confidence in their own strength on the part of the Ministers of the day. They have not hesitated to throw aside official eti quette, the traditions of office, and the pre cedents that are supposed to guide in the Civil Service routine, in order to appoint a junior officer who happens to be, and is pro bably not sorry for the fact, the brother of the Attorney-General, over the bead of one who was much bis senior in tbe service. Mr J. Mann, whose promotion last year subjected the Ministry to the chances of a vote of want of confidence is now tbe Secretary to tbe Commissioner of Public Works, and, in order to make the jobbery and nepotism go down rather better with the public the salary has -been cut down £150 per annum. This exer cise of patronage has to be looked upon from two different points. Mr Bright, the Com missioner, is willing to take all the responsi bility upon himself, and claim that he has put the right man in the right place. Mr Bright, it is very well known is the weakest link in tbe chain that forms the cabinet. The Attorney General, whose brother is the promoted man, does, it is no secret, find brains for all his col leagues. What then more fitting and apropos that the weakest unit should offer up a little in cense at the shrine of tbe strongest, and offer to take all the responsibility of this nasty appointment ? The other way to look at the matter is to suppose that the dirty piece of work is the act of tbe Cabinet, as it no doubt is. If Mr Mann had chosen to put his foot down upon it, and say that it should not take place, Mr Bright would .not have dared to make it any more than would he order the stars out of their courses, or advise on the appointment of a Secretary to the First Lord of the Treasury in England. Mr Mann, j willed the appointment, and in his opinion the Ministry is strong enough to stand th.e risk. At the worst, Mr Bright takes the responsibility, and his colleagues, should he have to go, would have no difficulty in replac ing him. Indeed tbe supposition is not an improbable one that Mr Bright is being made a- scapegoat in the matter. The salary of the ?Secretary will soon revert to its nominal -figure, Mr Mann's brother will have been promoted, and all the Ministry will have suf fered will be the loss of Mr Bright. A loss or a gain*we might ask. The rainfall at Port Wallaroo was 0.740 on the night of Monday, the 26th inst., and 0.500 on the 27th, making a total of 1.240. 1 His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived in Adelaide on Sunday, having come by the Flinders e.s. from Melbourne. j Mr Justice Stow is suffering from' an attack of | erysipelas in Ms head that will {incapacitate him ; for a time for the fulfilmentjof his Judicial duties. We are requested to draw special attention to tlie sale this day, by Mr Lang, of fancy and other goods, left from the late Wesley an Bazaar, at the Oddfellows' Hal, Kadina. ] Mr A. Saunders, it will be seen by advertise ment, will offer for sale this day, the lease of the \ Earl Dalhousie mineral sections, with the mining i plant, etc., and ore at surface. j We are requested by the auctioneer, Mr C. A. Moody, to direct attention to his sale, this day, of new and valuable furniture and effects, the pro- j perty of Dr. Gosse, ofMoonta. I A new Soath-Eastern paper to bo called the ; jEnsign is announced for Mount Gambier, and there is some talk of a newspaper for the Northern areas. Measles have broken out at a very unlikely place—Cape Borda Lighthouse. Dr Patterson has been despatched in the Governor Musgrave steamer, to render medical assistance. The proposed Adelaide and Suburban Tram-'.] way Co., is in 5000 shares of £5 each. The site j 'fixed upon for the station is at the junction of j King William with Grenfell-Street. The tram way is intended to connect the eastern suburbs with the metropolis. | Mr Allen's English Opera Company haB been performing with the greatest success in Ade laide. The singing and acting of Miss Alice May is spoken very highly of by all persons who have been at the Opera. The bell-buoy which has long been conspicious by reason of silence is to be fitted with a large bell on a new design, at the Government yard, Port Adelaide. The buoy bad a trick of losing its bell in an unaccountable manner, but this.dif ficulty, it is hoped, may be surmounted. Parliament has been summoned to meet on Thursday, May 6. The Register states that the Government is busy arranging a programme, and that Education, Land, and Judicature Bills are in a forward state, whilst a Real Property Bill is in hand. Other measures are to follow in due course. ' We have information that thiee applications have been received for the situation pf Collector of dues at the Moonta jetty. These were from the Mayor, Mr L. L. Furner; the Clerk of the Court, Mr N. D. Bennett j and we believe the Town Clerk, Mr G. T. Crutchett. The salary to the office has been fixed at £25 per annum. In consequence we presume of business requir ing the attendance of many persons who were at the " Twa Hours at Hame " entertainment of Mr Kennedy and family, at Wallaroo on Friday evening, the attendance was not so good on Saturday evening. The performers were ap planded to the very ecbo, especially for their con certed pieces. The entertainment proposed to be given at Moonta on Monday night, by the Kennedy Family was put off in consequence of the inclem ency of the weather. The night was very dark, and rain was falling. Consequently the family had only the opportunity of giving one perform ance at Moonta. We understand that Mr Nettleton^who has long been in the employ of Messrs Drew Bros., has been presented with a silver inkstand on the occasion of his withdrawal from the service of the firm, by his fellow employes.- The Messrs Drew added to tbe Testimonial a handsome cheque on behaH of the firm. Mr Nettleton leaves his posi tion to enter into partnership w?rh his father*. A complementary dinner was given by electors of Gumeracha to the defeated candidate, Mr R. D. Boss, at the recent election. If tbe prominent members of the Opposition are half as black as Mr Boss painted them he is lucky in not repre senting a constituency that returned one of them. Mr Ward, we perceive, is just sb emphatic in his Messenger respecting Mr Boss's merits, -The Register has, we observe, given a hand somely bound illustrative volume, as a Latin v&fse; prize, to the best of the most frequent com petitors in rendering into Latin verse in Heroics, Eligiacs, Sapphics, and Alsa'cs, passages from the | Engl'sh poets. Our 'contemporary should be impartial and give a cap and bells to the most frequent contributor to that extraordinary column of newspaper lore styled the Kiddler. The rainfaU on Sunday seems to have been very general throughout the district. It was heavy at Moonta, ditto at Wallaroo, and on Monday a flotilla of boats might have been exer cised on the lowlands near to Kadina and the WaJJaroo Mines. At Penaug, rain commenced to fall about 6 o'clock- andcontinued without intermis sion till about eight o'clock. Then it moderated till about midnight, when it age in set in till morn ing bvoke. The farmers were much in want of rainfall, some of them having to cart water from a distance. At Kalkabury the rainfall was heavy. -A meeting haB been held at Gladstone respect ing the wants of the Northern Areas. It was re solved that all persons should be urged to register their votes, and that a polling place should be ap pointed at Gladstone or Booyoolee. A proposi tion tli at. a Local Board of Health shou'd be formed for these two townships was negatived but it was resolved to obtain some informal on on the subject. It was agreed that the two towns should be formed into a police district, that it was desirable to form an Agricultural Society for the whole of the Northern Areas, and that it was also desirable a Council should be formed for the pur pose of planting the streets and other public places with treeB. Something very near an accident occurred at Port Wallaroo, on Monday, April 26. The Chief Officer of the Kalahome, (Mr T. Creer,) left the vessel in the dingey to proceed to shore to fetch some sailors off, when the boat became broadside to the sea, and was upset. The. wind^ was. blowing half a gale at the time, and the Chief-Officer, expecting rough weather, made up his mind to fetch the men, in case assistance might be required. When the boat upset he stuck to her, and boats put off from the Yarulam and the Bosphorus rescued him- He righted the boat, and took the men to the ship. The Moonta correspondent of the "Register supplies the following particulars respecting what 's termed the extraordinary meeting at the Moonta "l>w. ^i.niMWWuU'iW"'' I Mines, and referred to by our correaponafeflt l " On Saturday afternoon, the 24th inBtant, ac-: cording to notices posted on the Moonta Mines, Miss Hitchins-who was sentenced to one month's imprisonment awhile ago by Messrs E. H. Der riiigton and h. JJ. Furner, J.P.'s, for steeling a tin of fish-addressed about 200 men near the . Mines. post-Office, urging the injustice of the sen tence, the verdict having been quashed in the Supreme Court. She asked for sympathy and tangible assistance to prosecute the Magistrate, from whom ehe .seeks £800 damages. In support' of her case Bhe read several letters froin legal gentlemen and.others. She said that the pro posed suit would cost about £150, and that she had half that sum and desired the balance. One enthusiastic person immediately, started collect ing with his hat, and another as promptly put in 5s. Thea the proceeding was Btayed, and it was resolved that parties should canvass the Mines for subscriptions, the prevailing opinion being that the amount sought would be obtained. The proceedings lasted about an boar. Members of Parliament, says the Australasian, who have engaged in journalism appear to be yery unfortunate in their writings just at pre sent, as no less than three libel actions are pend ing against gentlemen who write MIL.A. after their names, and at the same time have the plea sure of owning a newspaper. Without mention ing names, it may be said that one is a Minister of the Crown, the second is an ex-Minister, and the third is the repiesentative of a suburban con stituency, who has but recently entered into the perils of newspaper proprietorship. ' The current number of the Government Gazette contains notice that Commenage Licenses in the Hundreds of Wallaroo and Kadina w?U be issued by the Clerks of the Local Courts in the three Peninsula Townships, from whom forms of application may be obtained. Goats must wear tickets which may be obtained from the "Crown Jjends Banger. \- The exports from Port Pirie for the first quarter of the ypar were valued at £70,000 being 337,000 bushels of wheat valued at £60,000,890 tons of flour valued at £8,900, and the remainder con sisting of sundries. Of this New South Wales I took 87,936 bushels. It is reckoned that 700,000 or 800,000 bushels of wheat, the proceeds of last harvest, will leave the port. This trade has been done under great disadvantages the passage from the wharf to the ships being a chain of mod banks. "Victorian papers state that O'Ferrall, the defaulter from the Victorian land Office, came into Court, every day, extremely well dressed, and was defended by Mr Ireland, Q.G., and Mr Molesworth, an able young barrister, and son of the Judge who was presiding at the trial. Every objection that the technicalities of the law will admit of being made to evidence, documentary ond otherwise, was of course availed of, but the chargcs were so numerous that the ultimate result of the trial could not be doubted. Se was sentenced to nine yea»s imprisonment. Who was he ? Mr E- D. Boss speaking afc the banquet given' in hiB honor at the Milbrook Hotel, Gnmerachaj intimated that the Opposi tion is sorely in need of a representative in the Upper Chamber of the Legislature. Mr Boss qqjfl that "Overtures were made to a certain gentleman in this Council to take office with them. A. proposition was made in a carefully prepared speeob, glowing with patriotism and fervid with noble ambition, and in feet the most studied argument and strong persuasion were brought to bear upon him- The hon. member knew his man too well to be caught by his mouthy claptrap, and his answer was so laconcic, and conveyed so niifch truth and force, that he could not help quoting it. It was simply-* I am not respect able enough;' and he turned on his heels and walked away. If he talked for days together he cou'd not give a better idea of the situation than those few words. (Laughter.) If any gentleman was going to ally himself with the Boucaut-Ward Ministry-if by the veriest fluke upon earth it was ever formed-he would have to consider how much of his respectability be could lose and still retain enough to allow- himself to be deemed res* pectabW Oar latest information on the subject is that Mr Way will moye the adoption of the reply to the Address, and Mr Bocnseyell will sccond it. We believe it to be correct that should the Opposition succeed, Mr Boueaut reserves to himself the Treasurer's seat. JEgles writes in the Australosian expressing a suspicion that is, after all, a very natcal one He aays:-"The quantity of goods that a wrecked ship will yield is something ma^rellous. It was once calculated that the fragments of the Boyal George sold as relics would, if put together, pro vide material for six three deckers. Aod the wreck of a merchantman is scarcely less pro^ac; Like the wizards inexhaustible bottle, tbe more you get out of it the more there seems to be left. So keen is the demand for wrecked goodB that it has been BUggeBled that it mightn't he a bad way to ease some of the overstocked warehouses to send the goods for a cruise round King's Island and sell them as eter so slightly damaged. But \- then no one in Fiiudere-laue would do a thing of that kind." Tbe Mount Perry Mall has tbe following journalistic flights in it current issue:-"Owing to this establishment having hada couple of day's holiday this week, this issue is not published so early as usual, for which we must crave the indul gence of our readers It is not every day that we go mad, like " Bohemian," nor is it every day we get shares given gratis to us. We have not to be picked up at OJey, nor indeed at all. Nor do we condescend to believe that any " speciality " would ever induce ns to try it on and probably succeed, whilst in Government em ploy, in obtaining an eighth in a mine like the New Moonta; no, we would never follow in such a fellow's trail,-a greater gentleman than all. And yet both these specialities are connected with the metropolitan press. Ah ! ah! Well, this world is a force. We once knew another "little" gentleman who used to dabble in these things, and, immediately opportunity Berved, he depre cated the very action he was guilty of himself. It is not often, savs the Bendigo Advertiser, that a three-roomed house is knocked down by auction for half-a-crown, but such a circumstance actually took place. Thanks to tbe kindness and good offices of the Sandhurst dealers, two shil lings and sixpence was bid-under tbe hammer of the sheriff's auctioneer, and no advance was forth coming for a two-roomed stone house and kitchen, though many of the dealers surrounded the ham tneiV One-of the prinoipiit" dealers of Howard place said, " That's my bid, gentlemen, and if any one -wants to torn out tbe children be can bid on and do it/' and in this "manly and outspoken manner passed the cottage to the poor old woman who was waiting Anxiously tit home, hourly ex pecting to'be turned out. A friend was not want ing to find £15s; at which all the furniture was knocked down, the 2b 6d for the house was also paid: a good-hearted carriage builder lent his horse and waggon; the furniture veas taken back into the house; aad oner heart as least was glad dened. The Register and the various correspondents of the daily journals recently complained that the Portonian had neglected the Ward testimonial collapse as the subject for a telling cartoon, whilst the Lantern had brought out one of its best re the afiair. The Portonian, apparently, only waited to have its ideas properly digested. This 1 week it came out in one of its best, illustrating "Sneezer" in various stages of progress. The joy of the patriot was first'depicted at hearing of the graat Ward testimonial. Then he. is represented as dreaming, while houris poured champagne and pale ale down his parched palate. ?; Various squatters were depicted as showering, gold over him, and some as ugly, looking brutes as we often see, apparently bred between "satyrs and sybils- . and intended to represent Mr Ward's late clients -are depicted as bringing their bags of gold with them. In the first seen? in the partopn, ;j&fo; Ward's two terriers, Cheek and Tick, are dancing with demoniac glee j and in the second they are evidently interested spectators.' At the dimqu-" ] merit in the third they look as woe-bygone the ._ patriot himself, and'poor old Tick looks as if about' to give up the ghost. In the closingeeene, marked with the ominous lettera lf.S.F.j poor.. Tick has shuffled off his m ortal coil. :' 