IX.—MISCELLANEOUS. THE UNIVERSITY. The Council of the University have at length given us some inkling of their pro- <*> ceedings. For a day or two an advertise- <*> ment has appeared in the daily papers inviting appiicanons xor me rroieuor ahips of Mathematics and Natural Science. We presume that it will like wise appear in the leading papers of the neighboring colonies aad in New Zealand. The salary ofiend to each Professor v £800 per annum, with the fees from students. Aprospetttof increase is held out "as the University progresses." The applications from the colonies are to be sent ia to the Regutrar on or before the 9th of May next. These will be for warded, or at least such of them as may be considered suitable, to a Board in London, who have been requested to act as selector*. The ultimata decision, we understand, is vested in this Board, which consists of four gentlemen of high scientific attainmenta, together with Sir James Fergnason and the Agent- General, both of whom are undoubtedly qualified by education and ability for tile discharge of this delicate and difficult duty. The Professom are expected to arrive in Ade laide in sufaoiaat time to commence their duties at Out beginning of April, 1876. There is nothing ia the advertisement to account for the' unwonted delay that has taken place. Every item of infor mation was at band tares months ago. We do not hesitate to express our con viction -thafttto proceedings of the Conn- < oil have been marked by excessive caution or apathy. Tbsre was no room for difference of opinion as to the Professor ■hips that ware required, and not much, we should think, as to the terms on which Professors should be engaged. So long ago as last November we pointed out the Ohairs that were imperatively needed, and we are glad to see that the Council, after four months of solemn deliberation, have come to the opinion we then expressed We venture to ask in the name of the public what excuse can be given for this unnecessary delay? It cannot have been from want of attention to the mere routine of Council duty, for we are told that meetings hare taken place every week, and that two hours have usually been devoted to discussion. The fact is well known that decisions of do liberative assemblies depend very much on thoso who preside. The Chairman of most meetings has it in his power in definitely to prolong debate. But the Council meetings must have been presided over by the Chancellor or the Vice- Chancellor, and Sir Richard Hanson is clear sighted, and Bishop Short is facile, Can it be that the combined weight of the legal and ecclesiastical mind is proving altogether too much for anything like swift decision? We honestly believe that much of the delay is owing to the Council being held in secret conclave. If a fair report of proceedings had been furnished to the press week by week, public opinion would have been brought to bear upon the matters of debate. This might have guided, without unduly influencing, the opinions of the Councillors, and much precious time, thehatf of an entire session, might have been saved. . But what of this appeal to the colonies for men suited for Professors? Applies tions are to be sent in to the Conned. Sach as are approved will be transmitted, " with their opinion," to the " selectors in London. Sow, does any sane man imagine for a moment that an Australian applicant will have a ghost of ft chance ? Apart altogether from the depre etatory estimate of Australian learn ing, which is known to be en tertatned in England, fitness for posts like those in question, cannot be de termined solely by diplomas and reeom mendations. Half-an-hoor's conversation with a man will show whether ?r no Iw possesses the " aptness to teaoh which is a tine q&a; non of a Professor as well as of a clergyman; and if the gentlemen in London who are to select for us are judges of character and are determined to act according to their judgment, we fear they will treat the "opinion of the Council, however favorably expressed, ntmewhat cavalierly. It wouU have been?much bettor course, if there had oeentime(andtherewouldhavebeeaample time but for this grievous delay), to have csnvassed the colonies first of all. We believe there are men of high attainments aud splendid abilities who would have applied. In all probability they will not now think it worth while. We hear that the Hughes Professors have submitted to the Council a scheme for classes during the present year. As yet University work has been something of a farce. We have heard of one or two lady students, and of a few young men who have devoted their evening hours after business to the cultivation of the classics and mental phuosophy—all honor to their zeal But to call this Umvernty education serves only to provoke a amile. Plenty of evening schools are doing work as high, and the classes that have been held at tha Institute and Union College in past yem aimed at the B«ae reiulta, with an attendance three-fold or five-fold greater. If nothing better is forthcoming than was achieved last year, we venture to recommend the Council to relieve the Hughes Professors of theur duties during this year, that they might give themselves up to the work of preparation foi|their future lectures. As it v, they cin command none too much of leisure, Their clerical duties must of necessity absorb a great portion of their time. It will be better to make a good as well as a formal commencement of a genuine Uni varsity curriculum when the "elder Professors have arrived. In April, 1876, we may fairly expect that everything will be in train. By that time no.doubt the aUtatea of.the Umver sity will be completely framed, unless the Council should deem a prolonged rest needful after their recent exertions. Four Chairs will then be filled, and pro bably fand* will be sufficient for one or two Lectureships. Oar readers are aware thrt it is intended to have Lecturers as well as Professors, and some may be in* dined to ask what is the difference be tween them. It has been suggested that only the Professors really lecture, and that the Lecturers only profess to; but this must surely be a joke of some malignant. A. Lecturer, as attached to a University, is one who is believed to have attained a considerable knowledge of some special subject, and whe gives forth his knowledge in a aeries of lectures, without devoting his life to fr>?/-Vng and to preparation for it. A medical man may lecture on anatomy, a lawyer on jurisprudence, and Dr. Schom burgk on vegetable physiology, without interfering very much with their life* iTflfling and it* remuneration- We may thus command special knowledge at a much less cost than we could expect to piy those whose living depended on their lectures. As soon as we learn that the curriculum of study is prepared we shall lay it before our readers, and explain all that is needful to be done in the way of admission, and all that may be attempted for the gaining of degrees 