at Staten Australian Times. SOLUM NON MUTAT GENUS. FRIDAY, JUNE 25, 1875. THE monthly mail does not bring us any news of absorbing interest, yet it presents us with more incidents worth noting than usual. The Queen has this season retired to Balmoral having satisfied the exigencies of London Society and London trades- men by receiving at her drawing rooms in person, and giving a concert in Buckingham Palace. The "Prince of Wales was installed, we should say enthroned, as Grand Master of all Freemasons, united to the order under the British Government, about 9 8000 masons, all of high rank, were present. In Parliament the Tichbourne case was, as our readers know, smothered by a majority of 432 to 1, and we may hope has vanished from the house not like the ghost recorded by Aubrey, with a melodious twang, but explosions of irrepressible laughter. The matter however, when Dr Kenealy connexion with the English- man is considered, is sufficiently serious and the House of Commons will no doubt have taken some steps on its reassembling after Whitsuntide to suppress that nuisance and assert its character as an Assembly of gentlemen. Lord Coleridge in the upper and Sir R. Peel in the lower house gave, of course in Parliamentary language, the lie direct to some assertions made on that occasion. Mr. Chaplin and Mr. Gerard Sturt had a match, each riding his respective hobby, on horse breeding, and the condition of the horse market ; we think we may credit Mr. Sturt with winning by a neck at least, but as this subject is of interest to our stock owners, we shall return to it when we have an opportunity. The dinner given at Willis rooms to Sir George Bowen was a great success about 200 sat down to table, under the presidency of H.R.H. the Duke of Edin though. We shall take occasion to notice the salient points of Sir George's speech. The wines on the table included choice specimens from the vineyards of Mr. Fallon of Murray Valley. The wool sales are reported as satisfactory and prices maintained. Again frightful loss of life has occurred by the wreck of a steam vessel. The Schiller a German boat was lost on the rocks to the westward of the Scilly Islands, there were on board 59 first class 75 second class and 120 steerage passengers and of these only 40 were saved; 354 mail bags from America, Australia and New Zealand were also on board, with 30,000 dollars for Cherbourg ; a large portion of the mail bags has been recovered. Prevention is better than cure, and the money spent on the useless works at the Channel Islands been expended in turning St. Mary's roads into a harbour of refuge, the Scilly Islands instead of being as now a danger would afford protection to all vessels approaching England from the West. We print in another column an article from the New York Herald the state of Europe, and as lookers on often see more of the game than those who play, we commend it to the attention of our readers ; but this much we may safely assume that Belgium backed by England and France, with Austria on one flank and Denmark, Sweden, and Norway on the other, would be too strong even for Russia and Prussia united, which we think they never will be for such a purpose. Our Paris letter will show what is the state of affairs in France as viewed from the Left Centre, but all writers agree that the prudent conduct of the Republican party is rapidly extending its influence, and that if it continues to follow M. Gambetta, and he continues in the path he has chosen, its ultimate triumph is by no means improbable. It is not a little significant that General Chancy has written to M. Guilty President of the Council General of the Ardennes congratulating him on the Republican speech made by him at the opening of the Session. The Emperor of Russia has visited his Brother of Prussia at Berlin, and given the kiss of peace, we trust it may prove like those of Orlando in the estimation of Rosalind. "As full of sanctity as the touch of holy bread." But whatever conduct she may pursue with respect to the general politics of Europe. Prussia shows not the least sign of drawing back from the position she has taken up in opposition to the Papacy, Rome is now no longer Papal, being the Capital of the King of Italy, so that the old familiar word must be disused in its religious application. The addresses presented to Prince Bismark on his birthday show that the people are prepared to back him on that point of his policy. We notice with regret the death of that distinguished officer Admiral Sherard Osborne, whose opinions we have so recently quoted in reference to the Arctic Expedition. Two unexpected facts may also be recorded ; England has again become a gold-producing country, and Parliament openly declared, by one who should know it well, a necessary evil. On the progressive side. " Mr. Francis Maudit mining manager at Maryborough, McIvor, Bendigo, and in Tasmania" has reported favourably on the gold bearing rocks of South Wales, and, what is more to the purpose, in the week ending April 17th the Çlogan mine near Dolgelly produced 27, oz. 5 dwts. and in that ending April 24th 361 oz. of gold. On the re trogade side, Sir Henry Thring writes " that since the community is through in- veterate prejudice, bent on retaining a voice on the way in which it is to be governed, it only remains to reduce the mischievous results of freedom within the narrowest limits " this is pretty well for a Parliamentary counsellor. An extraordinary meeting of the Western Australian Co., was convened for the 28th ult., to receive a report respect- ing the sale of a portion of the company's territory, and to authorise the disposal of the rest." The Roman correspondent of the De' bats remarks on the sensation produced by the Pope having addressed a letter to Victor Emmanuel entreating him to veto a clause inserted by the left in the Military Service Bill, which abolishes all exemption enjoyed by ministers of religion. The Pope addresses him as king of Italy and winds up the letter with a menace veiled in an allegory. Both extreme par- lies have been displeased at it, the clericals fear a reconciliation of the Papacy and the Monarchy ; while ardent liberals, partisans of Germany, are afraid of seeing the king become the gendarme of the Pope. Meanwhile the king has been relieved from all " difficulty by the Senate, which rejected the clause. From America we have only to notice more defeats of President Grants party, and a report that he will, as Napoleon 3rd did endeavour to regain his popularity by war, but war between the United States and Mexico, and between France and Germany, are very different experiments, and may have very different results. 