ITEMS OF NEWS. ' The half-yearly meeting of tho Onstlaiuaind Distnot Benolit Building and Investmojifc Sol ciety will be hpld itliis. evening at the Towp-hall There' is now ; iqi ppportunity for those who aspire to tho hbuoiir of a seat at tlie Oouncil table to test the feelings Of tho burgesses on the subject. Tlie resignation of Cr Jackson having been duly received and accepted, tlio vacancy has to be filled up by an " extraordinary" elec- tion, the announcement for which appears iq anothor column;. Nominations will be received at the TownOlerk's offico until Saturday, the 3rd1 July; these will be declared- on tho. following Monday, and should therp be a contest the elec-j tion will be neki on Monday, the 12th July. It is to bp hoped a gen tleman of some status in tlio to(vn will be chosen to occupy the vacant chair. ! A, Ghinaniau named Ul) Sirig was treated at the Hospital on Saturday— l;e was sutlbring -from a-vvry. eovorn. injury, to . ono of his fingers. Some' inhuman fellow had bitten him. On Friday hist a young man named Frank Sutton, aged 17, was brought to tho Hospital, ! sull'oriug from br iiisos on his breast, &c.; It "seems ho liad been 'possum hunting,' with a dog, and being anxious to secure one of tho animals! . alive, lia,d climbed up a tajl tree ; on reaching a vuijr lug" no Yuiibutuu liituur ioo iar, and his frail support broko with his weight. Tho ! unfortunate youth fell to. the ground, a distanco ' of 40 feet; but as his dcsceut was impeded by somo of tho lower branches, the fall, was broken, othorwiso ho would havo been killed. On being picked up lio was taken home, and subsequently , to the hospital ; it was there discovered that lio : had fractured two of the ribs of his ohest oloso' to tho sternum. He was treated at tho institu- j tiou, and on Saturday went home. | Thb sacred concert in aid of the trust fund of the Wbaleyaii Church, Harcourt, which was postponed, ui eppsequoncp of the inclemency of tho weather, is announced to oorno off on Wod riesday noxt, when it is to bo hoped old Sol will shino out in all his rofulgonco, aud dispol all foar of a down-pour on tho night in question.' Tho programme issuod is an excollent one, and is composed of some twenty pioccs of sacred IUUOIUJ liUllDAOVUlg l/l OW1WO, UUUIO) lillU UI1GLT1803. | — somo of tho soloists will bo accompaniod with tho flute. The soleotion docs' groat credit to the loador, Mr Boiikelborg, a gentleman well- known in musical circles. Miss Howson, Miss Annie aud Miss Ada Turuor, and otliors from Castlomaino- tako part in tlio concert, tlio flute obligatos being by Mr Anyon, and as tho ladies and gentlomon composing the Mount Aloxander Choir niako thoir debut on tho - occasion, it is hopod tho rain clouds will show thoir silvery lining for thp nonco, and a crowod lionso greet tho laudable efforts of the vocalists. The chiiir will be occupied by the ReVi Q> Daniolc, - j S We are sorry to hear that ouo. of the old rov sidouts of tills town, Mr Thomas; Jury, was so: indisposed yesterday, as to necessitate his re moval to tho Hospital. ' For tlio last three or four weeks Mr Isaao Laver, timber merchant, of Barkor-stroot, lias boon confined to his bod by sovoro indisposition. Hie frionds will be glad to learn that lie is now pronounced by his modical attendant to bo out of danger. An old man named William Stockdale, died at the Hospital yesterday. For a very long time the poor old fellow had resided next to Mr Dick's store, Specimen Hill, at the head of Wattle Gully. He had been about two months in the Hospital, suffering from a general de bility. Somo alarm has boon caused to tho ladies in thoir -evening walks, noar tlio Cariip rpsprve, during' the past few nights (writes O.O..K.), in consequence of the mysterious appearanco and disappearanoo of somp domcnted follow creatiirb in a stato of nudity. It is, as tho old song says, " all round tho town and every corner-post, it's Airiinriuliiii'n irnn ttr\\- lin un trnn annn f.lm trlin#!-. J II llUkW w J""- , This ghost is said to bo genuino iiosli arid bono, in fact a religious maniao, woll greasod, so that if caught ho would but blip through tlio lingers. Some of tho ladies who havo seen him affirm that ho is a perfect Proteus, and that in consoqueucb of the lato heavy rains lie has been enabled to take an excursion from tho " vusty deep" — his natural habitation ; othors that it is Pluto iii search of Proserpine, who is said to have sked addled from hor lord aud master latoly, assign- ing as a reason that ho lias turned wifo-boator ; again, in the eyes of those who do not suffer from noryousnoss, he is nono other than Conms, but' when all is said aud done, it would appoar — when tho polico are about — he turns out to bp Gyges. Ho wever, lot him be Plntp or any othor mythological god, man, or demon, if ho bo caught the .yordict.of tho ladies wfll bo— "Sarvo him right." . . ' ' The following, under date Bondon, Juno 17th, has, been published :— IVIossrs Robert Benson, aud: Go,, King's Amis Yard, ' Rainbow, have! failed. Further failures are expected: . Of tho Roman Catliolip at Staivell whom thp priests refused to road prayers over/the Plea-! sunt; Creek News says Mr Trouetto .will ovqr bp' remembered kindly both by members of his own anil other churches . for preventing un merited contumely being shown to the remains of 0110 Af the most respected of our .local citizens. Pqssibly hp may sleep as well and ripe as hap-! pily through the humbly uttered prayers and wishes of iriariy earnest neighbours and friends; who valued lus good arid kindly qualities, as! though all the available power of the most as-i piring ohm-ch in the world had been exercised! on tho occasion of his obsequies." At a public meeting held at M'lyor the other evoriing' the following resolutions were passed : — (l.j " That in the opinion of this meeting tho mere fact of residence is no proof of buna fides ; tliat.tlio arbitrary enforcement of tho residence clause in tho Land Act is unfair and ruinous to a'large,cla8s of persons who havo selected land, and whose occupations prevent their residing thereon, those persons employing a largo amount of capital and labour." Seconded by Mr Farley, and carried. (2) "That the hon. the Minister of Lands is respectfully asked, in Training new regulations, to place non- resident on an equal footing with resident selectors, and that the fulfilment of all the conditions, excopt residence, shall be considered prima facie as proof of bom fides." ,, / News has been received froni Mulligan's ex ploring party, from Brisbane,, which left- Coolc- tQwn at the end of April.. "It arrived - at> Junc tion Creek on Saturday, arid-it has crossed the heads of the Palmer and St George1 rivers, run ning into tlie Mitchul between tlie junction of the Hodgkinson nnd M'Leod ri vers. " It was found' that a good road could easily bo made available. .After the party had crossed, the Gfariite Range running, east into the head of tlio Mitcholriyer, a ; levol country was found iyith deep 'rich alluvial soil, well grassed arid watered for over three thousaud square miios. /riiis was iqteri-riptod by . mountains far south; where ex- ' tpusivo scrubs -were discovered, estimated to cover o.ver a hundred and twontv snuare miles. : .growing fine cedar, kauri, and pine.. j Tho district' coroner hold an inquest pn Fri day morning ;'(says:' tho Advertiser) ' at. the; Catherine' Reef, hotel, ori: the body of the young ma,n John Kriebbono, who mot with his death; on Thursday whilst' proeoding to his work ill the claim of the Catlicrino Uuited . Coinpany. After ovid.ence had boon taken at oonsiclorablp lenigth,' the jury returned a verdict of acoidentall death, :adding a rider to.-tlie effect'that the prac-i tice of carrying down tools should be prohibited.! On hearing . of tho death' of his son, Kneebono's father, it is stilted;' made Aertain remarks 'con-; corning the state of the workings. Hp oii'Fri- day stated that he had hoard that tlio shaft was- bad /but that upon exaniination lip had found it hbt sb bad as lib okp'ebtod. Ho jielioybd that' tho accident occurred from want of care bii'thoj nait of , . > Sixty square feet of plate glass was broken iii orio of the' drapery establishments in Moorabool-i street (says the Advertisor), in a yery simple manner, on Thursday evoriing; It appears th;A the window-dresser was at work in one of thq front windows of Barkly House, when lie was suddenly seized with an attack of syncopo, audi fell forward, his shoulder striking with full force against the plato "glass frout. The glass was observed' to yield, aud absolutely bulge out some distauco,' before it gave way with a loud crash the rents radiating in every direction; Nearly! ono-thiri), or about L5 worth, of the glass will bo saved, but tho replacing of tho square will it is ostimatod, cost tho Plate Glass Insurancq Company, for which Mr Few is agent, abonli L17. Such an accident as this will, doubtless/ show tho owners of valuable windows tho ex pediency of having them properly insured. j The Hamilton correspondent of tho Colorainp Albion reports : — " We liad a government laud sale here on Tuesday last, and, as usual, thorq was a good sprinkling of the landshark gems in' attendance. lam told that ono of these wore tliios, hailing from Mortlake, was offered L100 cash to hold his tongno, but tho shark modestly, asked L150, and another of his .brethren wanted a liko sum as his Mortlake brother, for same lot of 320 aores---jnst L300 botwoon them, and no thing less. However, their modo3t demands.' truio iiub CGiii/ncu inui, tiiu uiiiiUiluVI CllOOSlUg ratlior to pay Government a high figuro than, allow those barefaced swindlers to pocket his money. In Riverina those gentry have of latp burnt their fingers, and by a combination of bona fide buyers, those gontlemeu might bq taught a lesson. In the caso under notice,' thq Mortlako shark and liia friend havo tho consola-' tion of knowing, that thoy have each lost L100 by endeavouring to tako too largo a bite." Thb following notico to tho lioldors of eloo-i tors' rights appoarod in Friday night's Govern-; mont Gazotto : — "It is hereby notified that lioldors of doctors' rights issuod on or before, tlio 1st September, 1874, must obtain renewed rights in lieu thereof, in prdor to ' have their names placed upon tlio genoral lists to be mado up from and. after tho 1st. Septombor next. Neglect of this precaution will result .in tho omission of tho names of the porsonsso neglect- ing limn i.nu now usis lu oe mauo up :is more- said, Tho old right must in every case bo do-! livorod up to the registrar, but the renewed right will boar tho same number, and bo, in tho samo form and tenure as that in liou of whiqh it is issuod. It will bo equally available for any election that may tako placo before tho com pilation of tlie now roll in October next. No elector wlioso name is on tho roll of .ratepaying electors for any province or district is entitled to a renewed doctor's right for suoh province, or .district (vide sections 01 and 02 of tho Electoral Act, 18G5, and seotion 21 of Aot No,- 334), W"- ; '.7 -d TJie Australian Mortgage, Land, and Financo Company lias riiceiyod tlio . following telograui fiom Mosbj-s Helmuth Soliwartzo and Co., dated London, 16th' June :— tf Wool salos.— Market rather casior; sales oloso without animation, but prices equal to oponing ratos." ; Tho friends of Mi-R. H. Homo in Australia (remarks the Argus) will bo intorostud to loaru. that by last advices ho was hobnobbing with Louis Blanc aud Hugo _iu Paris, whore the veteran author had voeoivod quito an ovation. Lo Rappel aud-sevoral othor French newspapers; contain all sort of complimentary notices of tho. author of " Orion," and liintthat woaro shortly, to oxpoct something startling from liis pen. One. French nowspapor announcod him as tho groat-, est living poet ! Lockhart was arrested pn Friday by tho Ecliuca polico, charged with arson. At tlio re cent trial in the Supremo Court, Melbourno, Lockhart it may bo rompmbored abscondod f rem. tho court during tlio trial, as soon as ho hoard of tho judge's intention to commit him. Ho walked all tho way to Seymour, and thence to Ecliuca, and was arrostod by tho police at tho Bridge Hotol, on tho ovo of his departure, by tho coach to Deniliquin. Ho was brought before tlio police bonch on Saturday, and after wards remanded to Melbourne, on receipt of the warrant from tlioro. Wo have already had by telegram a brief ac count of mi attack on a Chinoso camp at tlie, Palmer by blacks, Tho Townsvillie correspon dent pf tlio Brisbano Courier gives tho followiug particulars: — "A mob of . blacks -attacked a: party of Chinamen at work on tho left-hand, branch of the Palmer oil the 3rd instant. Thoy plundorod the touts, and capturod goods' and one man. A party of four followed thb blacks, and, coming up to thoir camp, found the remains : of tho captured man cut up and partially cooked and eaten. ' The blacks were in force loo sbruiig iUL _ tuu j«u ty wj ihuila uiouit miner's shovel had been used for cutting up the body." In the empanelling of the jiiry in tho Barrett : murder caso on Friday, remarks tho Argus, ono of the jurymen called objected to servo on the ground that he had conscientious convictions against tlio affliction of ' capital punishment.; His Honour said that whilo he had tho greatest rospect for any man's conscientious convictions, lie could not oxcuse a juryman from serving be cause he did not believe in capital punishment. Tho duty of a juryman was simply to decide on tho evidence tho guilt or innocence of a prisoner, . and it was the law and not tho jury that decreed tlio punishment that should bo meted out for tho oiffonoo. It would be very inconvenient, moreover, if all jurors when, called for murder cases developed similar conscientious scmplos. Mr O'Loglilen, on behalf of tho Crown chal lenged the juryman and ho was consequently not obliged on this occasion to violate his con science. t Mr Casey, accompaniod by Mr Wallis and Judge Duunoj visited Talbot oil Friday, to do- cideas to tho claims of tho district that tlieGrand "NA finnn.1 A mMr»nlf.nth.1 'Rlinw nlmiil/1 Kn holrl there.' They wore received at the railway sta tion by tho mayor, tlio . members of the Borough and Shire .Councils, arid the Local Agricultural Society. Mr Casey arid the party were eiitei'/ tained at luncheon by membors of tho Agricul tural Society, at the Commercial Hotel. They afterwards inspected the yards, and Mr Casey stated that: ho was surprised pt the extent of the grounds, the excellouco of .the accommoda tion, th central position, andi tho easiness of accessq and what he had scon, justified him in dually deciding in favour of Talbot. Ho liad been informed that it was a villago of tlireo shanties, but lie 'fouudi it/A- substantial alid thriving town, with tine public buildings, and evory ' requ iremout .to ' ensure r a ' successful show. " A working man lias' folt it'hia 4uty to'show us (Argus) a letter which ho has received from a cousin who left Gippslanfl! a (piV . months ago to seek his fortune at The Rainier .River rusTi, From. the communioatibn,;;tho. principal: object of which is .to warnothersfrom following the example' of the writer, we ; make- the following extracts " The' first, work L did was to bury 'a uun'avfi6fpli'down''qth&'ifoad'sumte.ulik,' Hl (.IIUU It! U, lOtt HikMuima, . . Olfc/. filial' 1UU dreils lavo left their borios herd. Tt Ts " a groat mistiiko'to Cb'nie'here. It is nothing but fossick ing — barely 'tucker.' "!My ad vice, is, .any whore before here. It is a comploto' swinille;" ' "On tho same subject, wo.find, ip, the Maryborough Advertiser of on Friday,' ii,'lettbr'''froni a Have- lock miper, who left fov f.'10 Ralmer about two months ago, in which, ho says " Tell Charlie to tako niy advice and.no.t tovcpmo up.., There is nothing but bld grouh'd to ' work 'for' tlioro is nothing fresh opened/ -.4 If I knew as much as'. I/do now, ! would not havo Btartod. !I.-. »;. .., .The Coteranp cprfospondent of the Hainiltori Spectator wrote on Jriue 14 "1 "supjiose .oue of tlio greatest calamities that our township lias over been visited , with is the one that has oc curred, in the family of , Mr Shaw, farmer, of .G.ritjurk, who, -although not. a -resident . of tho township, is ip such closo. proxiriiity to it that there : is Httlo dilicronoe. In my last letter to you, I stated that Mr Sliaw had lost one of his eldest daughters' from what was stated at that timo to be dysentery, but since then tliroo othor meinbors of tho same family, have been buried, and at the last funeral the romaining two chil dren of the samo family wore lying in a very precarious state, in fact, were not expected to live. Wo aro told, on one occasion that tho cauqo: of ; this mortality is dysentery,' prid. an other that it is : typhoid fever. But I think that it is actually necessary , and requisito tliat wo should know for a certainty the nature of the disease that is among us. . The fact of a family, consisting, of six fine, healthy-looking membors, from- 19 years downwards, boing so IUUUWJU 111 l/lio OllULU BjytlLU UL cLUUUO aayB, shows the nocossity of ascertaining the nature of the malady that took them off, and did not koop them ill for more than a few days in eaoh ease." Tlio Opposition membors who blow their ponny trumpets ovor tho decision of Judge Moleswortli on Thursday evening miiBt bo sorely distressed to seo how wrong a view, they- took of the decision. The quostion, as the Ago re marks, " was only argued on a doiriurror, which did not allow the Crown to. enter upon the merits of their case ; but tlio judge allowed tho demurrer, and in the courso of his iiuk'mont not only oxpressod a strong opinion that Mr Palmer had no right to interfere with tho salo of the Albert- Park frontages by, the Board of Land and Works, but he also said that the grievances of which tho plaintiff complained wore ejther trifling or imaginary. Tho lo.irncd judge did, indood, mako use of the phraso that tho sale of the land was illegal, but it was in a purely technical sonso, and referred merely to- tho fact that tho revocation of tho temporary reservation had not beou gazetted a sufficient number of days. To hang upon tho utterances of a judge as though thoy were inspired is so silly and childish that wo are astonished at Mr Langton and Mr Murray Smith bringing the quostion before tho House. Tho sale of tho Albort Park frontages is a quostion . of policy, and not of law. , To .supposo that tho porsous who purchased on ouo side of tlio St. ICilda road had any right to prevent land on the othor side from bemg sold is as absurd- as to imagine that the inhabitants of Emerald Hill have any right to complain of sales of laud botwoon tlioro tlio butts. Mr Justipo Moleswortli put the question very clearly, wlieu he, said that 'tlio valuoof lend was enliaqced by having agreo- ablo viows and clear voutilation, but Courts of Equity have been little disposod to treat those as valuable rights legally conforrablo, or the in fringement of thorn as nuisances.' ; If tlio Go vernment and the IIouso think it wiso to soil a strip on the western siilo of tlio St Kilda road, it is a mere waste of time for tlio property- 1 Iwlders to niake any objeoUon," 