USEFUL RECIPES. Dutch Cases.—6 ozs butter and ford mixed, four eggs, ^ lb flour, 5 lb sugar; beat the butter and lard to a cream, mis it with the eggs -well beaten; then add the flour and sugar both warmed, and a little nutmeg and cinnamon; when well-beaten, add a spoonful of brandy, and bake a full hjaur in a buttered mould, in a, quick oven. Indian Pickxe. — Pull into small j baches, a white cajuliflower; peel and slice { the stalk;.cut asnj^ll white hearted cabbage i in pieces; slice a corresponding quantity of onion, turnip, and carrots; immerse the whole in a boiling brine for two minutes; drain, and afterwards shrivel them in a dry place; prepare a pickle of four quarts of vinegar, 2 ozseach df ginger and long pepper, 4 ozs horseradish, and 2 ozs flour; make it 'scalding hot; pour it over the vegetables in a stone jar, and when cold tie down. It will be ready in a month's time. | ^"William," said one quaker to,another " thee knows I never call anybody names;; but,."William,, if the Governor of the state! should come to me and say, ' Joshua, I want th.ee to find me the biggest liar in the State of New York,' I would come to thee and. say ' William, the Governor wants to see thee particularly.'" Some students fixed up a ghost and placed it on the staircase of a Troy newspaper office the other nighty and then retired and waited developments. One of the editors came along, and didn't get frightened. He dis robed, it, and now wears a fifteen-dollar pair of pantaloons, a ten-dollar vest, a seven dollar pair of boots, and an eight-dollar hat, ■while one of the students goes about with out a vest, and another roams around through the less frequent streets wearing a very ancient pair of inexpressibles. In the year 1586 the young constable of Castile was sent by his sovereign to felici tate Pope Sbftns VK on bis exlialtation to the papal throne, The pontiff displeased thatsoyoung an ambassador had been de puted to him, could not help, saying, " And well, Sir, did your master want men, by sending me an ambassador without a ! beard?" " If my sovereign had thought," replied the proud young Spaniard, "that merit consisted in a beard, he would have sent you a goat, and not a gentleman. 