GENERAL NEWS. A testimonial and parse of sovereigns have been presented to Dr. Neild by toe members of toe Medical Society of Victoria "A other friends. The Maryborough. Advertiser mentions that "a warrant has been issued for the appre hension of W. H. Roberts, the absconding traveller for Mr. Jacobeoa, of the Talbot brewery. The defalcations exceed £200." The Brindon, schooner, which arrived at Auckland recently from Apia, reports that a European named Keys was murdered in cold blood by natives at Apia for refusing to give them a bottle of treated hair oil in ids possession. The Murray and Hume Times says that owing to the failure of the young plants in many localities, there is too much reason to frar that the tobacoo crop next season will be the smallest that has been gathered for several years past. The Ballarat Star ntatas that "Lai Lai iron is coming into use. Several industries which have not been established by the aid of protective duties ere now nring the lodal iron. At present, owing to a glut in the market, the price paid for the iron ia not so much as wee expected." A Preach blacksmith has devised a per forated plate, pat in rotation by clock work, and intended to place behind the lock of a safe. The consequence is that the Bale cannot be opened except at certain times during business hours, and when there is no danger of any robber intruding into the offices. A novelty, in toe shape of a local pro duct, has been left at toe office of the Biverim Herald. It consisted of a specimen of red-gum sawdust, which, after being re duced as fine aa the finest of Hour, has been mixed with a coloured eolation, by which it becomes fit for making paint of a light brown colour. Further experiments will be meUAU too nope or prodooiog a cheap and useful paint. Bow to buret up tbe big estates has been practically solved by an old pioneer, Mr. E. G. Buckoall, of Bedborongh, says too Maryborough Standard. Mr. Buckoall was toe owner of a pre-emptive right, upon which he had prospered and reared his family. On Thursday he wrote to the Tullaroop Shire Council, giving that body notioe that he was landless, having settled his broad acres in specified proportions upon hie eons and The South Australian Begister mentions that "by toe last mail intelligence was re ceived of the death, in London, of William Edward Dundee, formerly a oom mender in the servire of the P. and 0. Company. It will be remembered that tbe deceased gentle man, when in charge of toe EUora, became deranged on a trip between Sydney and Mel bourne. Captain Dondaa was only 40 years of age." A sailor named Louis Bigard recently met his death byjamping off toe cliffs at New castle, New Sooth Wales. The local paper reports that a gentleman residing near tbe cliffs aaw Bigard in a position which in dicated he was about to commit a heinous offence. He raised an alum, upon which Bigard ran away in the direotion of the cliffi He was panned,, bat before hie aoold he arrested he jumped from toe cliffs, ,-and wu picked up dead, fle was about 42yeare of )u January, Willi the view of pefationiqg toe Imperial Government for the pepsration ®f toe CUsQaige . jlistcipti ;dtom New Soqtb Tffsl ee, and their eetohliahmeot into npraW Dg -rpilstiT "f'dl sha Alsbrrfa named, with Tenter-field, by the census of 1871, was 37,716, and is probably now about 50,000. The area of the land nndecatoeir dominion would be about 36,000 aquaripiiles, equal to nearly two-thirds of the aixe.et Eng land and Wales." A description of the Glenmorus aericaltural establishment, near Albnty, appears in toe Border Pod It seems that Mr. Thomas Affleck has 3000 three-year-old and lOOOtwo- year-old mulberry trees on the plantation, besides nursery -grounds on which there are 7000 catlings ready for transplanting. " The leaves of these trees will next year afford food for 300.000 worms. Mr. Affleck will have some 70.000 ooooons this season. Miss Affleck, who superintends the "edneetion " department, it a practical aericulturiit,. hav ing benefitted by toe tuition of Mm. Bladen. Noll, at Corowa. A girl named Margaret Gleary, 12 yean of age, residing with her parents at Banguee, was lately bitten (Btates toe Ballarat Star) by a snake. She was ont working in a field when the reptile" bit her on the left wrist. Her father at onoe scarified the wound and allowed the blood to flow freely, and took other precautions against the circulation of the poison through toe system. About two hoars mad a half after she was bitten, toe girl was placed under Dr. Nicholson, of Bal larat. He at onoe injected ammonia into a vein of her arm, and she recovered. Quite a cariosity, says a local paper, is being exhibited by Mr. Drew, of Sate. It consists of a email figure of a man seated in an arm- chair, and holding oot one hand, which, on being properly touched by the visitor, causes tbe head to make a graceful ' bow. The old gentleman refuses to acoept a sixpence, bnt a shilling he will carefully deposit in his pocket and gracefully acknow ledge the compliment. The beauty of tbe thing is that he refuses to receive any ouin larger than a shilling. Tbe title of the ca riosity is " The Tammany Bank," and Mr. Drew has determined to give the proceeds to the hospital. A ridiculous story was freely circulated in bale a day or two ago. Some one with more imagination than sense spread a "yarn " that he had seen a ghost come ont of the Tempe rance Hall on Thursday night; and proceed at a rapid pace to the Stale school ground. This sapieot individual further averred that three yonng gentlemen rode after toe "ghost" on horseback on Snnday night, bat, although they panned toe phantom for aone miles, they oonld not overtake it. The Temperance Hall is rather a queer place for a ghost to take np his lodgings in, when there are plenty of other places of a more spiritual nature. In order to meet the numerous demands for State schools in the conntry districts, the Minister ol Education has resolved to call for tenders for the construction of seventy portable wooden Bchool bllil dings. These buildings can be erected in any localities where toey are required, and will supply temporary accommodation at a small expense. In many places where the population is of a shifting character the department do not feel justified in erecting permanent buildings, but these temporary structures will be sufficient for all requirements, and can be removed to other places if toe population leaves. The cost of the seventy buildings is estimated at £8,000. A serious accident happened on the 14th December to a man named Reinmntb, a German, at Pertb, near Laonceston. It seems (says tbe Examiner) that be and his daugh ter, a girl, not quite 12 yen re of age, were at work stripping bark, and while ha was fell ing a large wattle a puff of wind caught the tree, causing it to fall towards him, and be fore he conld get clear a large limb struck him on the back and pressed him to the ground with snch force that he became quite helpless and insensible. His little daughter, with wonderful presence of mind, instead ot screaming out and fainting away, seized an axe and chopping away vigorously at the limb, soon released her father from his pain ful position. She then ran upwards of a mile, and having procured assistance, the un fortunate man was conveyed home. Writing upon recent proceedings in the As sembly, toe Wangaralla Despatch remarks : — " As we have to take mankind as we find them, and not as they ought to be, we can only aeek to remedy the present degraded state of public politics which now exists by doing away with the £300 a year. Let men have no pecuniary reward to cling to, and we never shall have the deplorable state of things existing which does at present. It is undoubted that £300 instead of being a were re-imbursement for expenses incurred is to some hon. members a much more important payment. Will a man who ia in toe em ployment of an individual where he ii dswadr paid qnarrel with, his hread and bntter for the asks of abstrant nrinp.inle ! " A Mib. Reeves, living near Bridgewater, was recently bitten by a snake, and might have lost her life but for an act of resolution and nerve on her part which is seldom re corded of a woman. The Bendigo Advertiser relates that toe woman went into one of tbe paddocks on her farm to cat thirties for the pigs; using a tomahawk for toe purpose, and whilst in the act of handling one of the thistles before chopping, a rather large sized diamond snake that was called roaad it rose np and bit her on the end of the little finger of the right hand. Without a moment's hesitation she ran to a log, placed thereoD the bitten digit, and struck it clean off with tbe tomahawk at the middle joint. On some friends going to her assistance, she was well plied with brandy, and quickly taken to the Inglewood Hospital in a boggy, and on arrival Dr. Starke amputated a email piece of bone, after which the woman did not appear to be much the worse for having been bitten by a poisonous reptile; in fact she showed no signs of poisoning, and required no treatment for it, so rapid had she been in the nse of the tomahawk. Tbe iHpps Land Mercury relates that a few daye ago, while two gentlemen were fishing in the " long waterhole" near the Hdl Top, they were astonished to see an animal of a curious shape on the bank. They had hardly perceived it when it darted into toe water, and swam .rapidly to the other ride of the morass. They had time eoongh, how ever to note his appearancSj and this is the description given. It is abont the size of a large calf, is covered with hair, and has on its baric jut at toe shoclders; two large humps. Its motion on land appeared as if toe tail was the propelling power. The peculiar phenomenon earned the fishers to make inquiries, and they ascertained that sometimes night was made hideons by the roarings of animals frequenting tbe lagoon. The noise was described as being like the roaring of a calf, and further, they were told that the blacks have been afraid to approach toe waterhole for a longtime past. A gentle man, who was a resident of Queensland for some time, having beard toe description of the animal, thinks that it ia identical with the bnnpip. A petition was presented in toe Legislative Assembly last week by Mr. Mnnro, M.L.A., from. Charles Smith, 151 Lygon-etreet, who complained of the bad treatment he bad re. reived from detectives, judges, and every one concerned, in some esses in the law oonrts in which he had been engaged. His statement was eo rambling and unconnected that no intelligible idea could be obtained of his com plaints. The following is toe conclusion of tin petition: — "Monstrous bnd inevitable aa the whole affair seems from beginning to end, some persona that havebeenover twenty yean in toe colony assert that they never heard anything like it and toe heads of toe authorities not to take notice of it ; bnt toe Almighty has taken notice of it ; and indeed the whole affair seems like fiction, aseome eay, bnt I know it ia ever so to my cod; by suffering in mind, body, and . estate. And toe Almighty makes me to know that He has regarded it all, and what is of infinitely more importance, that He hath been touched and demands satisfaction, and will not let it rest. I humbly oonclnde by quoting one passage from Scripture — 'Shall there be evil in a city and toe Lord hath not done it f " He prayed for inquiry into his case, A publio trial of reaping-machines recently took place at Woodville, South Australia, oo 16th December, under tbe auspices of the Royal Agricultural Soriety. Only three firms of agricultural implemeot-rqaken com peted, bat five different reaping-maohines I s ere tested. Two acres were allotted to each of toe machines. The weather was unsuit able for_geueral reaping, and, combined with the Crops being heavy, severely tested the tpachines, the straw being very tough, and Jhe grormd soft. The Begister states that in toe opinion ol the judges, Messrs. J. Martin wpd Cot's reaper, with G. Marshall's patent httsohBd, tiiwirsiiid toe most desirable qnali- ficituwL irilfc flirmoii iBpMftff m. toreihingriim put ont of gear, it perfchned rtUrt.xxyriving tori n flireriiing tearf Ante Atom «i omem. Tbe b— tare are ywr ... -r - ... > sharpened so as to cat off toe ears in damp weather, and throw them up to the roller, the spikes in which clear the wheat, which then falls to the floor of the machine. It finished its allotted work io two hours and ten minutes, or ten minutes later than the ordinary reaper exhibited by Messrs. Martin and Co. An addition to the gallery of Australian notabilities in toe Melbourne Pnblie Library has been recently made which must be of in terest to all colonists. Mrs. Ann Petrie, tbe daughter of the illustrious Australian naviga tor, Captain Matthew Flinders, in forwarding to Mr. J. J- Shiilinglaw some matters to aid in a memoir of her father, upon which he is understood to hsve been engaged for some time past, has sent a copy of a miniature, painted in 1801, which that gentleman has presented to toe-gallery. It has been repro duced by photo-lithography, and at toe foot is given a Jac-etmilc of the parole exacted from Captaio Flinders by Governor de Caen, toe Captain-General of tbe Maori tins, where the ill-used navigator was crnelly imprisoned for six years nod a half, which is conobed in the following terms : — " L undersigned, captain in His Britannic Majesty's navy, having obtained leave of His Excellency the Captain-General to return io my conntry by toe way of Bengal, promise on my word of honour not to act in any service which might be considered as directly or indirectly hostile to France or its allies during the oonree of the present war. Dated Fort Napoleon, Isle de France; 7to of June, 1810. (Signed) Matthew Flutoers." It will be remem bered that within six months subsequently the Captain-General capitulated to toe British forces uoder Admiral Bertie and General Aberorombirt Flinders survived toe hard ships and anxieties of bis nujort detention some three years and a half, just time to produce toe celebrated account of his voyage, and died on the day of its publication. The litbo-photograph ia worthy of reprodaotion as a painting, and of a place among the Australian worthies in onr national collec tion. Mrs. Petrie continues, at 63 years of age, to thankfully enjoy the small annuity which the. Legislatures of Victoria and New Sonth Wales granted to her mother, and in reversion to herself, in 1854. A groom named Ghas. Shafe last week aned Mr. H. Power, of Toorak, in the Melbourne Goonty Court, for £49 damages alleged to have been caused by defendant assaulting plaintiff: The latter, on the 18th October last, waa in the service of Colonel Ward, and drove that gentleman to Mr. Power's house to dinner. Colonel Ward told Shafe, when they arrived at Mr. Power's house to take toe horse and buggy home, and come back for him at ten o'clock. Instead of doing so, plaintiff put the borae into Mr. Power's stable, and went off at au hotel drinking. When Colonel Ward wanted to go home, he found that his man had not come with the buggy, and not being aware of what toe man ; had done, started to walk home. He met the man walking back to Mr. Power's, and when he had ascertained what he had done, asked why he had disobeyed him again. Ths man, who was stated by Colonel Ward to be intoxicated, then made some irritating re marks, and when Colonel Ward went to the stables to get the borae ready himself, after having told the man he should not ride home with him in that state, the man also went to the stable, and inaisted that be wonld get the horse ready, and go home too with Colonel Ward. The latter then fetohed Mr. Power ont of the house, and that gentleman put toe man off his premisee, as he (Mr. Power) said, withoat hitting him. Plaintiff's caae, how ever; waa that Mr. Power bumped his head against the wall, kicked him, and gave him a black eye. The plaintiff also said that Colo nel Ward hit him on toe bead. The man had a black eye, bnt it was submitted for defendant that be might have got that through falling when he went home intoxi cated. The case had been before toe Poiioe Court; where plaintiff charged both Colonel Ward and Mr. Power with aaaiudt, and the latter wss then fined £L and toe esse against Colonel Ward dismissed. The qnestion yesterday was whether the jary of fonr who heard the evidence wonld believe Colooel Ward and Mr. Power, or the plain tiff and a witness who appeared for him, nod toey preferred to do the former, as they returned a verdict for toe defendant." 