AFFAIRS' AT MOONTA. [From our own Correspondent] May 17. During the last week we have had some heavy rains and high winds, and considerable damage has been the result Mr. Hammence, brick maker on the mine, has been a serious sufferer. A whole kiln of bricks, of some thousands, has been totally spoilt, and a quantity on the floors and in stock were also seriously damaged. He estimateshis loss at £80. Yesterday and to day have been fine, and it was hoped that the chance would last; but towards evening to-day we bad some showers, and the sky is again black and lowering.—Gardening is now the order of the day, and as the earth has had a gcol soaking there is the prospect of a supply of vegetables during the next few months. Most of the crops in the neighborhood were in before the late heavy rains, co a good crop of bay is expected. Chaff has been vary scarce and dear of late.— Our mail has of late been behind time in arrival. This, however, need not be wondered at How it gets here at all is the wonder. —Over £30, collected at Broughton for the relief of the family of the late James Carter, who was found dead in the scrub near Coalings field, has been remitted to the Mayor of Moonta, Me L. L. Farner. A portion of the money has been disbursed for the benefit of the family, and the i?l«w will be placed in the Saving* Bank, and an amount weekly will be given to the family for noon—arias they may require.— To-day has been a general holiday, and as the mom betokened a bright day, every oae seemed on pleasure bent. There were no less than three Sunday-school anniversary celebrations— one at the Wesleyan Chapel in the township, another at the Bible Christian Chapel in the township, and a third at the Primitive Methodist Chapel at the Cross Roads. The children in connection with the Bible Chris- tian Chapel in Moonta paraded the streets in company with their teachers, after which they had tea. There was also a public tea, at which a large number of people attended. In the evening a public meeting was held, and there was a large number present. The neces- sity of a revival was earnestly advocated. In answer to appeals a revival commenced, and at 11 o'clock this evening the meeting had not closed. Now the movement has begun in the township we may expect a similar demonstra- tion to what has taken place on the mine. The children at the Wesleyan Chapel likewise had tea. There was also a public tea and a meeting in the evening, at which a large number of persons were present. I suppose the children at the Cross-roads were similarly treated.—The Foresters and Independent Order of Oddfellows held an amalgamated anniversary .to-day. They met at the Lodgereom at 12 o'olook, and walked in procession, headed by the Kast Moonta Band, through tbe township and mine; attar which they proceeded to the Athletio Ground adjacent to Bower's shaft, where sports and pastimes were improvised. There was a raoe of a hundred yards for 10a, llpii^ to members of the two Orders. This was a pure gift to the winner, Mr. Biley Pear son; Wm. Jacksonoameln ?good second. A handicap race of 160 yards was open to all oomexa. It was determined, however, that Pearson should not be tbe winner, as he had the disadvantage of 30 yards against him, and with suoh a short distance, bis best friends considered his ease hopeleas. Six started for the prize, £1, which was won by Master A, Rutter, J. lake being second. Peanon passed two of hi* opponents, and had there been more ground, ha would no doubt hava been again viator. In the evening tbe Brothers and friends sat down to a sumptuous dinner, pro vided by Host Wall, of the Globe Hotel. The Lodgeroom was oemfortably filled, at least 120 persons partaking of (he good oheer. The chair was occupied by Mr. Corps, the respected Manager of the Bank of South Australia. Mr. John Aaaheton, the landlord of the Prinos of Wales Hotel, filled the Yie*ohalr. After the usual preliminary toasts, the Vioe- Ohairman proposed "The Parliament" He said the Parliament had only just commenced the bustnessof their first session, but from the knowledge he possessed, he believed that this Parliament would be second to no Legislature in the colonies. The present Ministry had done good for this neighborhood, as when labor was plentiful some short time back and em ployment scarce they bad, at the request of the Municipality cf Moonta, granted a sum of £1,700 to be spent in employing surplus labor. Means of transit to the outlying districts were required. A railway from Moonta to Ar drosssa was almost a necessity—(hear, hear) — aad whUeadvooatingtbis line, hesatdKtdinaand Wallaroo should be connacted by nil with the Northern areas. The Peninsula waa tbe best mar ket out of Adelaide for farm and dairy produce. He hoped that the Ministry would remain in offise, as he believed that through them they would be able to get their wants ■applied. Their members bad promised that they would faithfully look after their interests, and he believed they'would redeem their promises. Mr. G. Jeffrey responded for the Parliament, en dorsing what the Vue-Ohairman had stated. The next toast was " The Amalgamated Orders." It waa responded to by P.O.E. G. Brown who stated that the two Orders had met in a most friendly splat, and had frater nisod as suoh Societies should do. He had belonged to the Foresters for 20 yews. These Societies were a bond of onion and brotherhood, and draw those together who without them would have been unknown to each other. He 1 was surprised that these Societies ware not more generally supported, even in this place. They had however prospered, and were doing a good work, and notwithstanding the large amount paid away to sick brothers during the sickness which lately prevailed they were still forging ahead both as regarded nntnhwrs and funds. Brother S. Lawrence responded on behalf of the Oddfellows. Amalgamation on festive occasions had previously been a failure here, but he trusted that it would be so no more. He hoped that each year the reunion would take plaoa. The Order to which he belonged had prospered well in this locality, and though lately they had disbursed large sums in sick-pay, they were still in a sound financial podtion. Mr. T. K. Bath proposed, "The Widow and Orphan Fund." This, be saU, was (he fund that provided for their widows and orphans after their decease, and, in a measure, placed them above the neei of chailty. Br. G. Jeffrey responded, stating that they bad a large amount in (his fund. Dnring the last two yean they had paid away £28) in sick-pay. Although this sum was large, it had been cheerfully paid. Bra. Ohappel proposed. "The Mstrict Officers of the Omfy'"? t"1 Oiders." This was responded to by different members of the two Orders. Bro. Matthews proposed" Other Kindred Sodetiss." Hews* suit acquainted with all these Societies, but their alma men similar. Be bad travelled * great deal, and everywhere had teen the benefits derived from belonging to Friendly Societies, both in Europe and America, in the Utter conn try especially, Mr. Jones responded on behalf of the Ancient Order of Druids. The Lodge of which he was a member had only been in exis tence 10 months, trat It muttered 42 members, j and by another month would be SO strong. The toast wn* also responded to by others present. Mr. B. Worth proposed " The Mining Interest." He stated that if It had not been for this in terest the Town of Moenta would not have been in existence. The Government were alone to blame that this was not a mere thriving dis trict than it was. The mining interest had not only made Meonta, but had saved the colosy from bankruptcy. Mr. Kldis responded. He believed in legitimate mining, and stated that there was a fiae field for this on the Peninsula. Mr. Chappel, in a neat speech, proposed " The Town and Trade of Moonta," to which toast Mr. Lake responded, Mr. H. Herbert pro posed " The Stewards," which was duly acknow ledged, following "The Host and Hostess," came " The Press" proposed by Mr. Lake. Mr. H. M. Jackson, correspondent of the Advertiser and ChrcmUU, responded. The pro ceedings, which had been enlivened by mane, closed after several other toasts had been honored, May 21 , This has bean quite a red-letter day in Moonta. The streets were, for the first time, Illuminated with gu. The Gas Company was Boated in May, 1873. As soon as it was notified that the Company was in process of formation there was quite a rush for scrip, and considerably more shares were applied for than the number allotted, which was 6.000 of £1 each. They were allotted pro rata according to the number applied for. Operations were at once gone into with vigor. The contract for the necessary erections was taken by Messrs. Nettieton and Thome, who, under the tuperin tendenoe of Mr. T. Jones, architsot, have carried she work out In a satisfactory manner. The Directors of the Company were—Mr. O. Drew (Chairman) and Messrs. B. K. Hancock, S, Bosriter, W. H. Beaglehole, and T. L. Brown; Auditors—Messrs. J. B. Oorpe and L. L. tfureer, with Mr. G. T. Orutohett as Secretary. The necessary orders for plant were remitted to England, which In doe course arrived. The plant, which embraces the latest improvements in gas machinery, was all erected without delay, and it was supposed that we should have the gu laid oa at the dose of last year; but no water, no gas, and until the reoent rains, there was no hope of an illu mination. Having now stored a supply of the element so long waited for, the Company announced that the gas would be laid on on the Queen's Birthday. The fires were first lit on Wednesday last, under the direction of the able Manager, Mr. Bruton, who has lately taken charge of the works. The praodoal experience of this gentleman had been tested prior to his coining here. He had been em ployed in a similar capacity at Strath Jbyn. Precious to that he was in Sydney and England, from which places he brought tes timonials of the highest character. Mr. James and Mr. Spooner. the engineers and fitters, have also well performed their daties. The late wet weather, though giving an ade quate supply of water, retarded operations considerably, and it has been only by unceasing efforts, working day and night, that the Dl rectors have been enabled to light the town this evening. The Oompanv's works are at the north-west corner of the township, where they have three allotments of land. The retort house is 18 feet long by 16} feet wide and SO feet high. The purifying room is 18 feet by 18 feet. There are also station, meter, apd governor's room ; manager's oSoe; coal shed, capable of storing 300 tons of ooal; and another room adjoining the retort house, in whloh Is the smithy, which will store 150 tons oeat Thegasholder is 12 feet high and 33 feet in diameter. It Will oontain 12,000 feet of gas. There is also a neat houte on the premises for the accommodation of the Manager. There are three retorts, but only two will bo required for use at one time, the other being kept In reserve in ease of accident. The retorts are made from Stourbridge fire-clay, and measure 15 inohes in diameter. On Friday and Satut day the gas artificers were making preparations for an illumination, which took place this evening, and on a large number of the leading tradespeople's buildings were tasteful aevtoes. In front of Messrs. Drew Brothers' store was a splendid star; in front of the Prince of Wales Hotel, a Prince of Valet Feather with a star on each aide; at the establishment of Messrs. & and L. L. Forner, an ornamental shield ; at the Corporation office, which is also the office of the Secretary of the Gas Company, ware the letters V. B. ; at the Globe Hotel there was a Prince of Wales feather; at the Boyal Hotel were a crown and the letters V. B.; at the establishment of Messrs. Koasiter & Daws theie was a neat device; and at the Bank of South Australia another star. The concourse of people In the streets was immense, exceeding anything that has been seen In Moonta before. The illumination was generally admired, es pecially by the j avenfles. The Mayor, in Com pany with the Directors, vent around the town. On arriving opposite the business pre mises of the Chairman of the Company, Mr. Charles Drew, the Mayor (Mr. L. L. Fumer), in of Moonta on h&nng; gu intredno?cl Into tbo township at a reasonable rate, and on it being lit up for the fint time on suoh a memorable occasion as Her Most Gracious Majesty's Birth day. He caUed oa all present to give three hearty cheers for the Queen, which were given in an enthusiastic manner. Mr. Drew said he was not the originator, although he was a pro moter of the present scheme. The origination was dae t« Mr. Oorpe and another gentle man. The Company was a purely lwul one, the whole of the shares being held by residents in the township and on the mine. He congratu lated the shareholders on having a superior plant, obtained at less cost than any In the oolonle*. The prioe of the gas had beun fixed as low as possible (ISs. per thousand), so that the gas was within the reach of aIL They could nse it in their d wellings and in their business pre mises at a less cost than any other artificial light. O\ptaln Hancock state! chat he was proud to see Moonta hid progressed In the way It had dona. When he fint knew the site of the present township it was ooeupled by dense scrub, where now were erected buildings that would be a oredlt to any city. He believed in light, both socially and morally ; It was muoh needed. The present event was a i great sign of progrea*, and be was glad to hear from the Chairman that the price had been j fixed so low that all could use the gas. Great credit was doe to Messrs. Corpe and Drew for , tbe success achieved. Mr. Aas&eton;, as one of the Directors, thanked the people for their presence that evening. The Secretary (Mr. G. T. Orntehett) also thanked them, and stated that any shortcomings In the Illumination that evening would be rectified by Saturday, on which night there would be another display. The Mayor oilled for three cheers for the Chairman and Directors of the Company, which were heartily given. The Township Band played aome ohoion music very creditably.— As Mr. Milldns, the mailman, was on his road with the Green** Plains mail to Moonta on Saturday evening, he observed a H-tle boy, about six years old, erring. Thinking him a stranger, he stopped the conveyance and ques tioned him as to bis home and pszentage. From what the child said it appeared that a ! man with a covered dray anosted him In Ryan street, Moo&ta;, and asked him to have a ride. He was put Into the conveyance, and he states that after riding for some diitanoe he asked the man to let him get out. but he would not allow him to do so, Mr. MUkJns put him into his trap and brought him to the Moonta Mine, and then h^n^ftfl him over to Mr. Harris, the polios-constable stationed on the mine. It was found that the boy's name is Yon Poplin, and that his father Is an old resident. Tnere Is some improbability in the statement of the young derelict.—Revival services are still continuing, and in fact increasing in number. At the various churches where these services are held a very large number have been con- verted. This afternoon there was a united camp meeting in the Square in the township, at which hundreds were present. The following rev. gentlemen were present, and took promi- nent parts:—The Revs. Messrs. Casely and Campbell (Wesleyans), Price (Baptist), Trewin, Kelly, and Wright (Primitive Methodists), and Mr. Lloyd (Welsh Church). The meeting was of a most earnest character.— Election matters are very quiet indeed. Over tures have been made to Mr. L. Glyde, but he has declined, so also has Mr. K. D. Bass. Mr. James Jones has reoaived an intimation not to bother himself or the constituency by bis presence, aa he would not have the ghost of a chance. There has been some talk of a locil gentleman—* resident of Wallaroo—ooming forward, bat whether this is more than rumor I cannot say. Mr. Haydon is here, and parposes addressing the electors on Wednesday. He would have done so to- day if the camp meeting had not taken place. The talk is, that the Union will support Mr. Madge ; If so, his retain is certain. Tbe Mends of Mr. Haydon are anything but sanguine. 