\ LOCAL AND GENERAL HEWS.j Wb tern from Mr. HSBw, «ia*BaHa doMji of the auiuugnmta per Sepia, who had been employed on. (he fdnf, tetanusl to Hie Sq-6t on Thntsday. hangout of wade. Tkey lnXiust footed a contact for afem. Clarke Brothers, and at once retained to Boek hamnton, not knowing anything about oiling nib. Mann. One would sunnose that men dearom of obtaining employment would not forget to apply for it We hare already said that Mr. Mann Baa given instructions to employ all the immigrants vfao present tisem sdves, provided, of comae, they are able and willing to wort. At tiie Miial sittings of the Court of Petty Sessions on Wednesday, before Messrs. C. K. Birkbeek and J. Brown, JVP., five esses were contained for Berries of summons, three were settled out of Court, in two verdicts went by consent, and one was withdrawn. In the following cases verdicts were given for plain tifis for the r'M-''t«i claimed, with costs : — C S. D Melbourne v. E. Henriques, £13 17s. 8d. ; 'L H. Slater and Co. v. i. G. Robertson, £1 10s.; James Boyce v. Charles Hunter, £15 Us.; J. Davis v. William Graham, £21 ; Joseph Bosel v. F. Bandy, Si; 3. Baldwin v. A. M'ArtJiur, £3 Hfe. A vert sad accident occurred at AUenstown on Wednesday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, to a little boy named Chides Eden, about three or four years of age. From what we could learn, it would appear that the poor little feDoir went oat to the fire to warm himself, hfe mother at the time being engaged in dressing a younger child. Whilst standing at die fire his nightgown became enveloped in names. His tirigh and right side were burnt very severely, and we were informed that in sorfe places the flesh was almost raw. Medical awMiranre was immediately sent for. The imrftT at first took no notice of the boy Fnr'^'Tf. as he was in the habit of doing so, sod did not render that speedy aid that she otherwise *'*g'ft have done. The general monthly meeting of the Rock hsmpton Benevolent Society was held at the School of Arts on Wednesdavafteraoon, at four o'clock. Present— Mrs. Hunter (Lady Presi dent) in the chair, Mrs. HcMrick (Lady Secretary), Mrs. BnsseD (Lady Treasurer), ff^JwiM, Beddek, Hartley, and Ferguson, with the Bevds. R. Hartley and T. W. rEnson, and Mr. F. N. Beddek. Tbeminnies of- the previous meeting were read and con. finned, and several small accounts were passed. The following report* were also read and adopted:— Xo. 1 District: Believed, 20 adults and 42 children; expenditure, £15 2s. lid. So. 2 District : Believed, 5 adults and 12 children ; expenditure, £5 0s. 3d. No. 3 District : Believed, 5 adults and 12 children; expenditure, £3 4s. 74. No. 4 District -. Be lieved 3 adults and 7 children; expenditure, £2 8s. 3d. No. 5 District: Relieved, 12 adults and 23 children; expenditure, £13 14s. MM. J'a C District: Relieved, S adults and 16 children; expenditure, £S 4s. 10M. Total expenditure, £47 as. Sd. There were 4 adults and 3 children in tile Asylum, and tiie expen diture had been £11 17s. lOd. On the motion at His. Beddek, seconded by Mrs. Ferguson, it was resolved that application should be made to allow Booth's children to enter tile Orphanage. .It was also resolved that a letter should be written to tiie Under Colonial Secretary, asking for the deeds of Grant for the ground already granted to the Society. Mr. F. 2f. Beddek proposed, and the Rev. T. W. TErsan seconded, that a collector be appointed, snefa. collector to receive 5 per cent on tiie jrmft''* collected. The motaon was passed, and the meetingthen dosed. Feom the Btadaterg Star vre leirn that Captain Trouton, general manager of the! A.S.K. Company, visited Bondaberg last i week, in consequence of complaints made by | the people of Bundaberg to the head office of tiie Oompaay, ot tiie MnAne*. oj Captain Brooks, in passing their port Contain Trouton informed a deputation who waited upon him on his arrival at Bundaberg, that the Com pany held Captain. Brooks in high esteem, and that the latter was exempt from blame in the matter complained of. The Company, however, wished to remove all just cause for dissatisfaction, and had made airangemensj for the steamer Queensland not to proceed further north than Bandaberg, mal-^ig that port its terminus. TTw new arrangement would come into operation as soon as the steamer Lady Bowen was ready to resume her place on the Brisbane and Bockhamptou 1™» In future, maize and othexj produce for Eocknampton would have to be forwarded to Maryborough and transhipped to one of the steamers pro ceeding northwards, at the cost of the Com pany. The deputation asked if the Company could not put another boat on the line, and give weekly communication ; to which Captain Trouton replied tiiat it would not par to do so. The change in the running of the steamers would take place in about tea weeks' time, and the *-M''P7rr*»itimi would tiieu be almost weekly. We should like some further information as to this arrangement. If the Queensland, steamer, is Ji.h»J»i to do all the Bucdaberg txade, w&i; perhaps an extra boat now and then from Maryborough, and two steamers are to be put on again between Brisbane, Maryborough, Gladstone, and Eockhampton, mating a regular weekly service, with fixed days for arrival and departure, file people of Bockbamnton will not complain, as such a plan would be preferable to the never-ending uncertainty at present attend XDg the movements of the Company's steamers. We shall be sorry t*- lose direct communica tion with Bundaberg, but tiie calls at tiiat port, in addition to Maryborough and Glad stone, iscoaveniemly prolong the run between Rockhampton and Brisbane; and the expedient lately resorted to, of epetial trips to Mary borough between the regular trips, has made the irregularity and delays of the Company's boats on the Brisbane and Bockhamptonluie ?fiu, wift,watittafc3Mtts. --* ?_ . ?.-?. j of Satnrday, the S6& ultimo, fen an* **alf erjnare mHes oil Cmnotim. Creek, fflurtuderadj be open for cdectioa on and w&r; Ibe STdi I instant. Also eome 1w1b somadaai by Messrs. Ardrer, an to be thrown opa. oatiie ) same date, but these latter as 'faonestads aztdDototfaerviE&n; The lands comprise— (1) 1860 acres, parish of PJay£air, adjomins tt* aUviy ontSiG Boc^hampfiui side of tie Wert- vood Town Keaerre; (3) 4443 acres, also push, of Player, from Neerfcol Creek along Ae xaflwy line; and (3J 632 acres, ptrish of On Wednesday moraine at eleven o'clock, the Government steamer Maty left BocHwnp too for North Beef, Capricorn Channel, vita Mr. F. D- G. Stanley, Colonial Architect, mud Mr. B. Ferguson, Foreman of Worts, for the purpose of testing the nature oftibe rock and its snitaliQity as a foundation for the light house to be erected there in accordance with the ******** TPfJi'lft^rtn of tiie T n tfTyoVmr*^ Com mission on Coast lights. We believe that Mr. John Ferguson, Mr. Booney. and Mr, A. Grant, who contemplate tendering for Hie work of erecting the light house, will take this opportunity of visiting the reef, and obtaining each infor mation as may be gleaned from a personal inspection of the locality, as to the probable cost of the undertaking. After the North Beef has been duly fTaminrdj the Mary will proceed to Cape Capricorn, baring on board the lantern room and Iffijj'.g apparatus for tlie Cape lighthouse. Mr. Booney, -who earned out the contracts for the erection of the light houses at Sandy Cape, Lady Elliott's blind, and Cape Bowling-?reen, has been .selected to superintend tlie fitting up of the lantern room and light st Cape Capricorn, and vfll remain there for that purpose. Me Stanley will at once retnrn to Brisbane ; bat Mr. R. Ferguson has something more to do in Eock hampton, and when mat is disposed of, con tinues bis tour northward as f ar aF Cooktovn, calling at all tiie ports en route. It is unnecessary at present to detail tiie works which reqnire Mr. Ferguson's attention north ttrard, and we therefore at once proceed to narrate \rnat is being done and what is in contemxdatiDn at p^M^rJnwiiift'?' ? The gaol is to be enlarged and im proved — not before the work is wanted. A sum of money has been, voted, but insqfficient I for tiie parpose. However, the gaol yard Till be at once extended by taking down two of the side walls, and re-erecting them 100 feet j farther out. These walls have for a Joug time i been propped op from the outside and are in a i very insecure state. A further sum of moneyfor ; naol i in nmrgfp fffo is on tiie Figfr't'atJJg for t^** . present year, and wfeen passed,* tiie work will , be carried on to completion. Another etarey is | to be built over the male and female waids, and i quarters are to be erected on eiiaber side of Urn front entrance to tiie Gaol, outside tiie walls, for gaolers and turnkey. Tie additionB to tiie ; new police barracks are also -da«^|it.g in abeyance pending an additional vote tor the work. Tenders have been reneatedlv called for these additions, and on tiie last occasion tiie lowest was by Mr. John Ferguson. The amount was more than the vote, and could not be accepted until tiie requisite fands were provin^battiietenderiraElkTounblyrepoited upon, and will doubtless be formally accepted as soon as the additional vote is available. Some extensions are also to bcfortiiwiQi made to tiie Immigration Barracks ; consisting of washing-sheds, dry earth sheds, and fencing ta be erected; and tiie drain, which has become so offensive since it 'was damaged by the flood, is to be pot in order. The poet and telegraph offices axe to ondesco r»a«»tjfig and repairs; also the CuBtom Hoose — tine cellars of which are leaky. X|i-». lock-up is aleo to be repaired, and tiie snouting to tiie building pot in sound condition. We omitted to mention in proper order, the school-house and quarters for schoolmaster to be erected at the Pilot Station, Keppel Bay, which will be visited by Mr. Stanley and Mr. R. Ferguson on the return of the steamer Mary from Cape Capricorn. This will be an important and necessary provision for the pilots on the statuin, who have at present no proper means of educating their families. Mb. Gray, chief Iouiigratioa Agent, held an inquiry on Wednesday last, Bays tiie Wide Bay Ketc* of the 3rd instant, concerning the death of two Polynesians on board tiie Queens land, s., at the beginning of last month, on her voyage from tins port north. Mr. Peter Graham, of the firm of Gcaham and Co., part owners and agents of the Sybil, stated that this schooner arrived on the 2nd of June with 112 islanders ; two or three appeared to be unweU. The next day, the im*^*'1 'were engaged to their several employers, fifty being hired for squatters in the back country from Bockhampton. These fifty were shipped as j deck passengers by tiie Queensland s., each - having one shirt, one pair trousers, and one | blanket, an extra blanket being given to - the Captain for each boy. He was positive ! that none of the boys that were shipped ' were in delicate health. The Captain \ of tiie Sybil and cue of Mr. Graham's clerks, both declared that tiie boys were all well when shipped on board tiie Queensland, s. Mr. Fairclbtk gare evidence that when he boarded tiie Sybil, five or six of tiie boys eeemed unwell. He said that Mr. Graham assured him tiiat tiie sick boys would be well looked after, and therefore be took no farther steps. Doctor Power stated that he visited tins islanders professionally on tiie 3rd, and found several sick. On tiie next day when ii^ visited tlje islanders, he found some of the aide ones absent. He was told they bad gone north. He asked the 'i*f' ' Do von think these boys win all reach Bock, hampton.' Thecapcuneaidhedid notknow. The doctor fnr≀ said, ' If yon men allowed im*^ to Ib. Graham, A wa- *mt] Urnm id.' Xhb w ii» giat of the ni⪰ proSnMd at the inquiry. -Snr n»dcn aJTatev «nn that twi of Cbej H'^— r died jof dysentery betnre z«aehmgl SandabeBj. lost year, saym the iteflMBXae Age, slad named auiflghly, Irving ?* B«*»-oud. t»d hi- headcataffbyatamnasatngOTerhunatthe lend craarinft SwMWtreet, fifchmond. His EalherbrwhtaSmcaBeOonrtactiMiag.inBt tiie IWboome and Dobeon's Bay United Baitew Company, and by a three-fourths rerdiet aeenred £100 damages. On the 21st ultima, the toll Court, in banea, weremoved ta grant a nonsuit, on tiie ground that there was no negligence proved on the pattof tiie company or its eeronte, while at the Game time tnere was great negligence ^unrn by the boy in crossing irlnlc two toains were appzoach infi Uie station at once. Their Honors coo enrrad in the latter view of the case, and granted a nonsuit A yebt disbmsong accident, i^euoiib the Efaelom Cfmardiam, occarred at Hesket on rhnrsday Ust, which there is every reason to j few wfll be attesded wiHi fcitil regalia. A ! ^on&g; man. named Qates was cbopping wood , in the bush when bis elder brother came np | to hint with a gon witli which he had been shooting birds. The gut was loaded with dogs, and was at half-cock. Whilst talking ' together fte elder Oatee saw a bird, and re- ; marking that there would be a good ehot, was [ in the act of raising the gun, vhen it exploded, i and the charge entered his brother's left side. I Tbe unfortunate yoong fellow was immp^fat^Tj carried home, and a messenger was at once dispatched to Ramsey for medical assistance. Drs. Phipps and Bimey were shortly after, wards in attendance, bat upon ^th mining the wound pronounced the case almost hopeless, as toe full charge had entered the most vital part of the body. A MEErxst; of the Q'ConncU Centenary ' Committee, appointed by the public meeting 1 held in St- Patrick's Hall last Monday night I (says the Age of the 22nd ultimo), was held ye&terd;&y; evening in the Bame place, for tiie pnrnose of selecting a programme for tiie cele. btacum of the centenary. A considerable number of gentlemen were present, iir^'^*'i^ Sir John 0 Shannassy, Hon. S. F. Sullivan, and M. O'Gtady. M.UA.6, Eev. D. F. Barry, O.S.a, Kev. W. M. Earn, Her. J. Dalton, j 8.J., Her. J. CMaliey. S.J., Messrs. J. Curtain, F. C Mason, iLLA-'e. J. Diryer, M.A-, and 3. 3. Walsh. Sir J. O'Shanassy | was elected chairman to the movement; and - Hr. T. E. Healy, lion, secretary. It was decided to give a banquet on Thursday,. 5tb August ; hold, a grand Irish national concert in tiie Town Hall, on Friday, the centenary; and I bave a monster procession, with sports, in some of the adjacent grounds of the city, and adopt a course that will make a permanent record of O'ConnelTs Centenary. Some dis- 1 cusston relative to a statute took place, but was postponed till the next meeting, which will be held on Friday, the 25th instant. The Gipptlamd Tim; states that 'a p*fnf-il curiosity of a peculiar character, to be seen on the Maryvale ran, near tiie Morwell, ha&Jiepr;: reported to us by a gentleman who has lately returned from that locality . Some short distance from tiie Maryvale homestead is a small round waterhole of about ninety yards in diameter, which so far as has yet been ascertained has no Iwttom, although several attempts hzve been made, by going in the middle in a boat with all tiie available line and sounding for several hundred feet. The -i»-V is in iiiebaaaioS tltf»«nTrttn^-iiingW^Wfcftt and tiie formation round tiie sides is of a ligneous character. A singular fact is tiie influence the moon has on the water, as at full moon the level is highest, but after that tiie water slowly ebbs till at the first quarter of tiie next it is quite three inches lower, again rising imper ceptibly till it attains its iwrinwipr height at tiie next full moon. It has been discovered tiiat the side of the hole overhang a few degrees, and tiie water is highly mineralised, tasting, so says our informant, something like the mineral water from BaUan or Hepburn. ; It certainly appears as if eome subterranean I communication existed with tiie ocean ; or can j our xacamts else account for the rise and fall ? I It is inten sd to send to Melbourne for a few j deep sea sounding lines with which tiie bottom j may be reached. The general appearance of the locality pointe to the supposition that the hole has been the crater of an extinct volcano, which must have been of no ordinary magni tude.' The Border Pott states that Mr. J. T. FaUon, tite proprietor of die Mumy Valley Vineyard, has secured tiie services of Mous. j Frere, who has had many years of experience in the wine-growing and brandy-distallataon districts of France- On the nrst of May List tins gentleman distilled fifty gallons of brandy from wine made f mm tiie grapes grown on the I Mnrray Valley Vineyard last season, and though it bad .not thoroughly completed the process of fermentatiou, yet tiie results, so fart were highly sfttisfactoty. The fitfll used is one of tiie ordinary description, but the process of distillation was directed in accor dance with, tiie practice pursued in. Cognac. Samples arc in course of preparation for exhi- ! bition at tiie Melbourne Intercolonial and j Philadelphia International Exhibitions. These 1 include — I. The pure spirit as it tan from the ! BtiU, which is 15 deg. orer proof. 2. The spirit prepared as pale brandy sod rectified to i j proof strength. 3. The spirit prqiared as | I dark brandy, also rectified to proof strength. I 1 4. The pure spirit as prepared by the tm skilled last year. Besides tiicse samples, for : , tiie purpose of comparison, M. Frere has also | samples of Heunessy's pale, and MarteUV ' dark brandies, and notwithstanding the age of | tiie foreign spirits is three years, and the I Murray Valley only six weeks, tiie latter com 1 pared very favourably. So far the distillation is purely experimental, and only for exhibition ?purposes. Sectiiatlir. torf, M.Li, who is new in Gympie, intend* to Rsgo. The adaod truth is tfaatMr. Uid had some idea of nngninein the event of the Payment of lumbers Bin nasmgin its inkgrity; for in thatose there would have oeen a pmbabo%rflf «tte suit able local man coming forward to relieve Mr. Lord, who is desirous of devoting more per sonal attention to bis private business Oan his Parliamentary duties permit. But; as. the honorable oustractionistB of the Cpper Bouse bare emasculated the bill br allowing utwft' bravelling expenses, Mr. Lord has nDuam^. diate intention of resigning. We (P. D. ZW^raialxre happy to hear of » fresh sign of vitality in quartz-mining industry ; Messrs. Parr and GoDett hue par chased the old cradling machine, lately be longing to tiie extinct Consols Mining Co., and they Jiavc obtamed permission irom the Unnidnal Council fa) make some trial crushiius with it in its presentposition on the eoam bank of the lagoon. We trost they intend to make some improvement in the tables before commencing, since we know on the authority of our correspondent 'Delta,' a man ot very considerable experience, that in their present state they are very inpffirimt, and by no means adeqnate to test fairly tiie Qualify of the reefs. It is intended by-and-bye we believe to abift the machine to Garibaldi Golly mite other side oCCopnerSeld. The engine and the remainder of the plant excepting the tables are said to be of a first- cate description. Sohk interesting particulars are published by the BcadigoTrnJepeuient m reference to tiie re-appearance of a destructive specks of worm, s-liose devastations amongst tiie gum trees of the Kamarooka State Forest attracted some attention last year. The journal alluded to states : — ' Last year tiiese pests, which are very mnch like an ordinary sUkworm, and produce something like silk, denuded a patch of box five mOes long by a mile wide, but they made tiieir appearance two months later. This year they have appeared on the white gum, which is supposed at this season to be more succnlent They arc peculiar in tiieir habits, andconieavesalmostliketfaechrysmliE, and it would appear probable, from observation, that they deposit 'tbegrain' here, and tiecater pQlar eats its way out Soon after drawling the trees they commence spinning, enveloping tiie naked boughs wiHi what appeared to ra— for we have seen a sample of it— to be pure silk. Last vear Mr. IVatren sent eome to the Inspector of State Forests, at Mount Maeedan Nnreery, who submitted them to laeami* is Melbourne. Drawings were taken, and the caterpillar was pronounced to be of ^perfectly neK order, unknown previously. When the xoemliers ox tbe forest board TOfted tiie forest last summer, they observed the destruction which was then apparent, and consented to allow the saplings licenses to be issued, under the impression that they would be no further good. In the heat of summer, however, the trees, many of them, put forth Inxnriant foliage again, but tiie depredations of the caterpillars must, it is conjectured, titnnt tiieir The BaUarat correspondent of tile Pleasant Creel ifefc; has not a very high opinion of the meu at thcCoraer : — 'TVo thousand one hundred pounds in dividends declared in one week in the quiet little village of Creswick. Creswick years ago was voted as worked out completely. Xo one presumed to ftrplain why, uot the mere epee dixit of a parcel ot ' miners ' of the BaUarat Corner stamp so pronounced judgment, and their word was bur. These fellows, without the pluck of a shrimp or tiie knowledge of a schoolboy, did tiie croaking, and otters followed suit The result has, over and over *£*'* been observed — tiic utter abandonment of promisnig «»i*iiwg centres, tile cousequnt falling off in tiie yield of gold, thescarcityoi work, and, asaaeguence, tiie want of bread in many, many cases ; yet tiie real, the hoaa fit miner— the man who takes off his coat and lifts pick and shovel — has gone ou quietly in some nlases, and hence tiie I Kingston success. If three-fourths of tiie men who smoke bad tobacco and shake dice about the BaUarat Corner were to do as they * ought to do — go to work as miners — things would lie -i.'ff— -?'* in a little while. As it as now, the bare idea of a man who cannot* per haps, write his own name or speQ out tiie letters printed an a share certificate, and who. cannot raise a £1 bank oote, BfWing Jiimwif np as a mining speculator and authority, and writing himself down aa a broker, is farcical, and what is more, disgraceful as it becomes Mb. MrrcnEL's KEWKrATEE. — As a speci men of tiic Lite Mr. Mitchel'ls newspaper literary style, tile following may be quoted from bis paper * dnited irishmen,* Ayrpj IS4S. It was in the form of a letter to' His Excellency tiie Earl of Clarendon, Her Majesty's Detective (ienerti, High Com missioner of Spies, and General Suborner of Ireland': — 'As for me, my lord, you have been told that I am mad, a dangerous lunatic, labouring under eacotihe* merUtewdL Do not believe it. I am merely possessed with a rebellious spirit, and I think 1 have a ''qw**', to bear a hand in the final destruction of the bloody old British Empire,' the greedy car si load vpon the heart and limbs of England, and drank the blood and sucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Agaimri-. chat empire of hcU a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen shriek nightly for vengeance, vengeance ! To help this grand work of necessity and mercy is my highest ambition on earth ; and I know no better way to do it than to make Ireland armed for battie. So be it. It is a grateful and blessed sound this cry. 'Tbe people are arming,' Thank Hod, they arc arming! Young men every where in Ireland begin to love the dear glancing of tiie steel, to cherish tiieir dainty ff rules as tiie very apple of their eyes. Iexpect no justice, no courtesy, no indulgence from yon ; and if you get me within your power, I entreat you to enow me no mercy, as I, so help me God, would show none to you !' ?taliaa, . fat,«J&K; « «ay '*^;iiri- IA' eS*£- »£»O-)) in Ac c«me-t i Baddwimtai Jockey dob «n decbmlot Ctnp'e &atd.; It will le«ni that alH«-.f-b tbecotrii* are nearijr all local,* good fitJd nay be expected -to ame to tho pott. TIk db-iag an the magtta :--F.»r dieRyiag Handicap- Mr. CaUajunV Kkwrtw. 9atl v Mr. EtaaUfe J«lea/I-*- Mlb, ; Mr. Thontp. ??#1 «»V WiMgter, ««t 6lh«.; Mr. Gregary'eOh tile, Trt, IO1I»; Mr. CaOuioa's Greyhooua, 7*fe -tlla.; Mr. Gn^orj'* Brigabiir, 7«t; Mb Bosha ijndsborougU, GrtTlOIba.; Mr. CaUagfcan'« Cednc, Cat. 411k.; Mr. KnooTs FttkMa*i*,0st lib. Fortiie Bockhampton * Handicap-Mr. PorceU'e Chieftain, 9 st. 1 1b. : Me CaHaghau'i! Kingston. Set. 7 lbs.; Mr. ?nwmpwoV, Wrangler. Set. 4 lbs.; Mr. Gagorfh Oh Me. 7sfc91bs.; Mr. CMias' PHpim, J«t 2Ub.; Mr. Gregory's Brigalow, The last of tin single men remaining in the depGt trom thebarane Sepia started up die line on Saturday. Half-a-domi retained to the jlepot an Sunday night, saying tint they coold not cet wort. They Bpoke to one or two men who had been op tie line, and they said they bad asked for work at different camps, bnt conld not obtain any. We hare «nce seen Mr. George Mann, who says there ?b a tniwlakp somewhere, for iaetmctiaaa have teen gira to employ all the immigrants tiiat apply. There fiave been aboot 100 men' fatten on in tiae last week or tiro. Hie immigrants employed! on Uie railway appear to be aa able-bodied lot of inen, and may be expected to tarn out welL Mr. BaUard is gin^gremng uvourality. The wound is doughing freely, which may be an assistance in extracting the ballet At any rate, Mr. Ballard'n general health oontmnos unimpaired. Toe railway engines and fnat^ria1 arrived hy tbe barque Sepia, will be of great service in placing the required complement of rolling titock on the line. At present there ore only four engines in nee, viz., two of Neusan's 4-whed couple engines, one of Slaughter's, ditto ditto, and one of Kitson'e 6-wheel coopfe engine. The latter was imported 'by the Toovoomba. in February, and has 20 tons more haulage power than the 4-wfaee. engine, wfaich has greatly facilitated ttoe traffic of the railway, Ji*y«»q«g in many instances with fiie necessity for extra trains. There arc two nore of the same kind in the Sepia, muV ooe jet to come. 'Dub will raise the total number of engines to seven —three 4-wheel and four 6-wheel. The passenger carriages now in nee are eight in nnmber, and consist of rax 6-wheel com gnsBie (let and 2nd class compartments), one small taboo, and one email second-class omage. In addition to these, there are the large composite carriages in stock, for which the buffers, wheels, and axle- boxes hare arrived by the Sepia, There is also by the same vessel eome necessary material for wag gons in coarse of erection or about to be com menced. There are now in use, twelve low goods waggons, six covered goods ditto, four cattle waggons turned into low goods waggons, three horse boxes, two cattle tracks, two carriage tracks, and twelve' ballast waggons. There are twelve more waggons under «oa stanctum, and six covered goods waggons and three horse-boxes about to be commenced. Tie railway workshops have long been almost at a standstill fur the material which has now come to band. The construction and potting together of the additional carriages and waggons will therefore now proceed baddy, and they will nearly all be completed in three months, when the barque Lady Doogba will be here with the last of the : -mgines ordered to date, and iritu a quantity of other material and stores. It is considered thaiwheo the rolling-stock we haveenumera^ed is complete, it will be sufficient for all pro bable exigencies of traffic for the next three years. The citizens of Toowoomba have been sorely ~ exercised on the question of the advisability of inj*ja*ing a fiystetn of waterworks for that town at * cost of £10,000 by means of a loan from the Government. In the Mnnicipal Council tie majority appear to have con fiidered that the undertaking would bring1 upon the Municipality an oppressive Ijardcn in annual charges for working expenses and interest; and from the statements of the income and expenditure of that town, we arc inclined to agree vnth their view of the subject. A. minority, however, including the Mayor, R. Aland, Esq., were of a different opinion ; and to settle the matter, a meeting of ratepayers was called. The result proved that there was an overwhelming majority against the proposed expenditure, and a resolution was carried to the effect that the project was premature; and that, *' considering the present ludcl-ted- uess of the Council, and as it k evident that the ratepayers do not wish to be further burdened with such a debt as will be necessi tated if thi« work is carried oat —therefore it is the opinion of this meeting that the question of water -eupply should lapse ; and we now request the Council to take no further action in the matter.' The Mayor did not take y kindly to the adverse decision, and rrj-rua£hed the ratepayers with a waut of foresight, as id his opinion they h*d deZtberatdy rc&olred; to throw away a chance of getting a nominal loan which, in fact, would prove nothing less than a gift— for as the endowmeats were about to cease, the Goreniment would have no security for principal or interest, and therefore it was plain as a pikestaff that neither would etrer be paid. Here are his own words, %s reported by the Toottoomba Chronicle -.—** Now, as I stand almost alone in iny rapport of the amendment, I jn&t; wish to tell you that if yon refuse this loan you tv31 never bare the chance to refuse another. «3&aM3gi;&seq; inetitsAZe ; «u*l *fen«t tiMnl. «fe Aabttrf 1 ou-catniafaonwai bemaic a dwrsevntbe CGKmiitUtedveiranieijftliecolomj, Basfauen itavsgifetiDE fcr a Cree bridge, and y« wiE Ind out that that tsbri the kin note to the n^iefof «r«*e«noiap*aitie«; f« it is not at all fikdy that conntry OKinbers will allow Brisbane to be relieved of ite debts and th^r own constituencies left oat in the cold. Now. Syaa are natedGA, if yon are wiQaigtohaTe Ulc feeling of the ratepayers turfy beted, y«a can have no objectiaa to » baUat.' s-nch scntimentB as these are highly discreditaltlc to tlie gentiemau who in bis official capacity as ] Mayor care utterance to them, and the rate- ' payers nave done well in disavowing such .shameless public dishonesty as is implied in his Worship's shrewd bat ill-advised rccom mendatiV-n. The Maejua-,c of -3utkin-:. — The March nuailwr of the Deaf tt*d Dumb Uagizime con tains an article on the 'Varrianpof.Conaine,' by the Rev. S. Smith, the editor, which is nearly indeotical with the remarks of tiiat gentleman published in the Times of the 19th ultimo. In bis paper Mr. Smith asserts— and j adduces many painful proofs of his assertion i —that each marriages are the fertile source of congenital deaf-roiitisiD and other physical defects and disqualifications. He insists upon the necessity of anch crS consequences bein? universally made known, in order that their entaument may be avoided. This subject, says the Comdom Medical Eeeortf, is one which well deserves the eerioos attention of the philanthropist as well as the social and |-olitical economist, and, indeed, of all classes of the community. We {Courier, 26th nltimo) regret to I^arn that die illness from which the hen. the Premier has recently been enfferhig took a very serious and even dangerous tarn on Saturday last. For some days previous Mr. &f; aealister had tieen suffering from a feverish cold, bnt on Wednesday last was mncu better, and on Thursday attended the House, though contrary to medical advice, and took an active part in the debate on the dismissal of Mr. Wheeler. On Friday he was rather worse, bnt drove down to Saadgate, and «n Saturday morning, just after taking breakfast, and while alone in tiic beeak&st;^nwm, he fell ca the floor in a very severe epileptic fit. His daughter, who was in an adjoming room, heard the faU, and hastening in found him in strong convulsions. Dr. O1Doheriy was tele graphed for, and. got down about an boor and a-half after the occurrence. At that time Mr. M*ca3ister bad quite recovered from the in.m«»j;»fcp effects of the attack, although etffi very weak. — The public wOl learn with satisfaction (says the Scarier of the 29th nltimo) that Mr. Macalister's medical advisers were of opinion j yesterday that the hon. gentleman was quite | not of danger. He is himself most anxious to return to business, and considers himself quite equal to doing so, bat at least a fortnight's I abstention from mental labour is considered I essential to his complete recovery, and there I is little doubt that by the end of that time I he will again be aUe to take his seat in the ' House. Ik the Supreme Court, vestenlay, 30th instant, in Chambers, before His Honor Mr.. JnsticeLatwyche, in the insolvent estate of A. j W. & Smith, Mr. Harden, instructed by Mr. Hart, moved to make absolute an order ***«* obtained on the Sad proximo, calling upon the trustee, Carl firming, of Kockhampton, to show cause -why tiie Court should not vary or reverse a decision given by him, whereby he refused to allow a proof of debt by Arthur ; J. Bell, as executor of tlic will of Andmr Ross. The order was granted under rule 56 of the Insolvency Boles. Mr. Mem appeared I on behalf of the trustee to show cause. After hearing argument, His Honor decided to allow the proof, costs of the application to be paid out of the estate. The s^une parties ap ! pearod in a simuar ma&cr; in this estate, in connection with the refusal of the trustee to I allow a. proof of debt by Messrs. lices, Jones, land Brown, for the sain £13G fis. 10d.. and j an order was made for the proof to be alloived i subject to taxation ; notice of appointment ! to tax to be given to trustee, and costs to come ! oat of the estate. — Courier. ! We are informed by a gentleman, who has : an extensive knowledge* of the Western dis i tricte of the colony, tiiat some very interesting 1 natural phenomena exist out there Among | these is a salt lagoon, ou one of Mr. Tyson's I stations, of bo briny a nature tfr^tr when its j waters are lowered by the absence of rain, and by evaporation, a thick crest of pare salt is left around the margin, tons of which have { been collected for station nse. This salt is I \ said to lie of a particularly penetrating nature, { J a very small quantity, as compared with the j ordinary taiverpool salt of commerce, being { 1 sufficient to tiuxronghly penetrate meat sab- 1 mitted to its action. The lagoon is believed j j to derive its witness from a stratum exposed i j under the water level where the ade oE a. hOl : of some magoitode di|-s into the wafcerhole. j Tiie prospective value of such a supply of one I of the must useful products for a pastoral £*s j trict, in view of the tune when cheap 'iff'? i of transit shall be available, needs no comment. I j In another place, also, rock salt is to be found ' ! cropping out of a bill side, with indications j of the whole ridge being principally composed j of the pnn^il In the neighborhood of j (Cooper's Creek the male a'borigines Knear, j themselves witii a red pigment, which is be- ] I licved to be pare cinnabar. They exhibit j . macy indicsti-His of ^oSetios trotti the mer- j ' cnrial poisoning, which mi^it be expected, 1 being at an early age slanted and vaxened, while the gins, who do not share the distinc- 1 tion of «ar-jnint, arc stoat and healthy.— j Courier. - Mr. CweBty^CaJwal &&*&*.*** han\ B^ntasU^aiA&viAMttwttonrMBi; imw.arfttatfcetiiiniiamii^a^ c^eaansC]' itepnwpectB j^a gesUcdiaatBces witb «- j UiL^AU^s^Uxnted States G«sr1 «t Can-J ton, atesctdM (he interior along the coroeef j fcbe Cbtneae river V*nK-toe-kiaaag«B * «n»der- \ fullaadandfiaflof tnyrterw. la odc pUce, heBava, indc&ItnadtiBmries; lime the taafc for nearly fiftvmik*. AH sorts «l invention*, '?? tiie cotton giD btd«Ae4, dsomed by Europeans sad Aflatencns. are to *»e 'found Userc forty J centuraea «*L Fbsta yielding drngs of great ! ! value witfamt Banber, the familiar tobacco ' and potato, maze, white and yellow cam, and | ' other pUnts tieSieved to be indigenoas to ; America, have been there, lie says, cultivated j ' from time ima^anorial. ; It in stated on good authority {nys the I ; Melbname Age\ that the lately knitted ! Premier of New TJeOaxA, Sir Julias Voget, ' . has resisnea las -pasitaon ixx «wacthaig more '. stable than 'the applause of listening senates j1 to command ;r' in fact, tiiat he has accepted i an offer from the Messrs. Rothsctixld to act as r one »f tfaeiriz&aucial; agents. Truly there is '' notbinz so successful as success. Having ; floated the great Kew Zealand loan. Sir Julias, {- if the rumour he trae, will have floated him- ; «clf into the calm waters of a handsome com- i , petency for life. What they will say in the - Britain of the Pacific will proliably matter ! littie to one so -well provided for in the : Britain of the Atlantic. \ The prevailm*; epidemic of meatJes is cr- ; ; tending up country. Toowoomb* is no longer ' exemfit, and the Qaeentlaxil Times mentions ' , that four of the employes on that journal have ; ( Iteen °*f^fad, so that we may presume ? Ipswicb to be ZiberaDy favonred with cases. J , We hear also that the atwrigznes in the neigh- ' ; Imorhood of Brisbane have caught the com- : [ plaint, cases nf eevere sdvness antong some ' ' down Doughboy Creek Laving been reported ; ou good authority. Native races generally i '. show a bigh mortality when attacked by even | ( the milder diseases of civilisation ; aad we ' } may expect, especiany during the present cold ' . arcatner, to bear of nmneruns deaths umaag - ', oar caloared brethren. — Courier, Jane 30. ! '. We (Courier) learn from Messrs. C. Munro \ . and Co., the ag^ts, that the May Qnccn, \ sdiooner, wnica anchcired at the Sax, from \ ' the Soutii Sea Ie3*n*is, on Satanlay nwwuiag, \ brings thirty -eight islanders^ a *tmift\p*- noinber '?? than nsuat, in coDsequence, it is presumed, of ; the difficulty experienced Ity Captain Brown ; in obtaining recruits through the prevalence of j the measles on the various islands of the - group. The vessel, on her arrival, had do ? Gicknes -m board ; bet as daring the passage theme were six cases of measles, from wfaicb ? tnro deaths. oecorreVI, it was deemed prudent [ by the bealfch officer to -rvder the schooner ) into quarantiBe at P'^el Island, off which she ' anchored -n Sunday last j The inhabitants of ToowoomVa, in a public ; meeting assembled, have resolved -saye the AwWfli not to avail themselves of the £10,000 , voteil last year for waterworks there. At j £psvich also much hesitancy is evinced, | posatUy**cu the ground that the Oorernnient : does not see its way clear to increase the water supply even to the extent demanded. ; There is evidently much donbt as to trhether Waterwarks in oar leading provincial towns are not premature, and the arguments pro and eon. are very perplexing. In this condition of affairs one grain of fact is worth a ton of ! assertion, and it happens that we are just now in a position to supply tahat grain. The town at Rockhsmpton has bad its watenrorfcs ' question, too, and with characteristic cnerpT i ? has determined tn its se&Ltton.; by experiment. : The waterworks party there had strong opposition to contend against, and after a gphpmp had been resolved upon, and the con- 1 tract'for the woA. duly signed, there was i much trembling among the promoters under ! the repeated and .ncreasinaly vigorous assault i of the oppositionists. 'On the best au thority' the worthy Mayor has been many times assured that the lagoon water was liquid ; mad ; that tbe pumping machinery ^ronlii pvove ineffective ; that tbe reservoir, con- ', strocted on an entirely wrong principle, would not hold water : and that the supply troold be qnrte insufficient. Bnt now the works are completed, there is nothing )-ut congratulation , and pnuse. N© corapkint is made of the ; quality dt the water ; the pampiog ttiacliinety works well ; the reserroir holds, and the ; nressare of waXeir is sach that the hydrants - command tbe highest braiding in East-street. Bat the most eattsfactorv part of the business has yet to be te!d. Even the waterworks ' party alwaj-s feared the interest asd working expenses would t»e a d^g upon the mmicipal ; exchequer ; l-nt even this ^oomy anticipation is now dispelled. A letter lias been shown as received !-y lastmail from a responsible gentle man at Bockhampton, and this is bow Le ' writes on the subject : — 'The waterworks are ' doing well, and, what if more, at the Brisbane scale will pay — indeed, I thick aQo'o* cs to re duce the rate somewhat I was afraid for a while that the works would have l-een a : 'white elephsnt : to us ; bat the measurements : taken show aiifferently. VTe must get some i money for extensions, but the Government | may safely rest assured that, oat of revenue, j we can pay interest. I have looked into the ; matter narrowly, and can pledge myself to that.1' The cost of the works as they stand has been tdg&tly; over £1 1,000, and witli the extensions desired tbe total outlay will not : exceed £15,000. These facts should encourage Ipswich, Toowoomba, and other towns, to i indulge in waterworks t&rthmth.; Tbe Rock- - hamptou people are certainly entitled to great . credit for having made both gas and water : works Bjuutciallv tsncctesful from the very : start. * I very Jm&mU; t««ti^*he*^S *S lie ooMtoncteiflw HuaanKplan. ' ' Hokotjbs to a Took. Ananas Invest. —The BntiA Social Science Assocatkm ?-as lately awanitd its fisst prize oT $1603, far tbe beBt«SaOyon isfteniataanal dilation to Mr. A. P. Spragae, «ff Troy. Kew V«k. Vr. ^nagueisayoungaau«C£reat protntae «nd pa^eB. — fiefcafi^e iiungn. Cockt Eszestbebg, fonaeriy resident of Hesse at Paris, is a ccAector of vafagzaphs, and liis aB«m contains, among others, *k* fel lowm?. «snrf by K. GoizBt : -« In the coorse of my looglHe I have learned two wnr&dng;* — one is to forgire sindi ; the otter & sever to forget.' ftL Thiers wrote txnderneath :— 'A Ifttle foxgetfiiloess does not injure the sincerity of the forgiveness.^ Prince BSs mark wrote below these two sentences the foUotting :— *' I bare learned in my life to forget much, and to make myself nach fior girea.' A eathec curioca diacovery wbb made -savs tbe f7et- yoK§ ?sdeeriiger) at limebnrner'fi Point a day or two ago. Some of the workmen engaged qnarrvm^ du^ out a fooou UBUtao. skult at a depth of ISfeetfrntn thesarf»ce. The skull vias embedded in limestone «nd v*s in a good state of preservation, tfcebmesand many years s^o it most hare rested fr~. tiie place n-here it was diseovereti is a ^oestxon deserving the atteutioa of eeoloastB, because it tends to show that Anstntia most have been popnlated at a tolerably remote period. A sflesmd bit at Mr. THweler tbs dis missed chief dot in the Aseut-OeneraTs office, was made in the AssemUyoa Thursday nigfct by the Premier of the colony. It was pointed oat with bitter scorn that the wretched friary actnaUt* cotnuiettced Iue career in the service of the coiony at a paltry salary of £150 per anneni, and -vmctd' bis my cp * It is impossible to defend him after this fearfnl ex pose of his wickedness. The aus who twlH commence at three pounds a-week, aofl work: his way to £500 a-ycar, deserves, as Joseph fcinrface would say, dwmJRBai on that ground alone. The hangfaty aristoctatu who at on the Government ade of the Honse and are descended— a gnod deal— from nolle fannies. were mncli impressed by tfcis evidence -of Mr. \Cfeoeler e unfitness far tKe position be held. Born themselves with silver spoons in then months, they cannot comprehend fliow tins person has forced his way into a good position in life, instead of being content with the position in nrhidi it had pleased Providence to place him.— ' Specialities*' in the Oiuet? We (1-sjrifi Oiterrer) paid * visit -m Wednesday last to one of the newest of our coal-mines— viz^ the Eastwood Colliery, which is bein? worked by Messrs. Aniabaid Brothers. The property is somewhat over eighty acres in ^Tteat. Having a thorough knowledge uf the business, and being withal of a very enterprisbing spirit, me hare little doaU that before long the Messrs. Archibald wilt have one of the most productive and best managed mines in the district. It is most advantageously situated for working, being only half a mile north «ff the town boundary and irithm about 200 yards of the old railway line at Mini. TJbecosntry in the immediate ncjghbooriiood a^rmeagfrB of steep ridges and gnflies, and tie entrance to the mine is at an out* crop at the bottom of one of the ridges. Following the seam which dips nearly sooth, a drive has been excavated in an E.H.E. direetioD for abontsxetryanis. The dip in the drive is one foot m. five. An excels lent hard wood tram way is laid down the whole length, and on to a platform from -which tie coal is delivered into the drays. The seam is 4ft. 6in. in thickness, and faasa$ its only fsolts two narrow bands of blackstone, «ee cf them facing so small that it frequently runs out alto gether. A steady improvement in the qnalitr oiihe coal is noticeable as the drive is poshed deeper into the ridge An air-shaft, for vesta tating purposes, has been sank to the requisite depth, and, si ihe time of our visit, the miaens in tbe drive were wttiia some four or fire feet of it. When commnmcatien is established between the two, there will be no grounds for complaint of want of ventflation. The coal is of very superior quality. We were informed that the reports from the river steamers which had given it a trial were of a mast favourable character, the coal baring proved to be excellent forsbeaea purposes, giving a strong heat with a xomssonm of ash, A shnte has been erected on the river bank, at a distance of nearly a *mSe from tbe mine,' and at the time of our visit a punt was loading; a cargo of the coal for Brisbane. A good road has been formed from the mine. There is a brisk demand for the coal, lazgeordds coming m steadily from op the railway line and from Brisbane,* in addition to local demand, The output is now about 100 tons weekly ; bat tins onsntity vr31 he largely exceeded when the mine is more fully developed. When the bridge atOxley is completed, it is the intention of the Messis. Archibald to lay do»n a railway to a. siding on the old line, which, as -we have already mentioned,- is only about 300 yards ? from the mine They will then be enabled te load trucks at the pit's mouth, and forward the coal to Brisljaae at a tot small expense com pared iritb that to whuar tfcer ate now sub jected by carting and punting. Should &e; (^overninent carry out the proposed railway to the wharves at Brisbane, this mine, and pro bably others which will by tbat time be opened, wffltestittiftottavwiMWyafectea; for it will then be possftOe for tiun %o place tfaar caal on shipboard at a price wiocu otuat eom manda market in America wsA ether viaces. Let us hope that the time h not £u distnt when this can be doae. ' ' '' 2^OT*S^^TST^ran yesterday.' through toe mmraauy tarty boar of her de parture, my sawnary of Toada/. parlQ inentary sews w3i probably feave beenantua-; pated by ynor extracts from the Owner. That jonnud, however, has omitted many points, vhichvillheef interest to yonr readers, and I consequently seiid my customary rena»£ The LegidaSve Council, for the first time tins session, met this week on Tuesday, and passed -ennl b3Js through formal stages. ? In the Assembly, Sir. Hetamant, with! respect to Mr. MaeaEster, said it would not j he passune for him to attend daring the uct fortnight In the meantime the Government , m£endedb- goonwitb£uehbiiEiness,]racinally I the Estimates, as was fiot ot samctcnt; am- ' portancetodemand the presence of theFremier. ; The Deceased Wife's Sister ami Public! Worship BOLi were received from the Council, and read a first tr™' The Payment of: Members Ktt. as amended, ass ordered to be ! considered next day. Mr. Jung's motions far j adopting railway plans were again postponed | fora week, for what reason has not transpired. ] A dehstt raised by Mr. Macdonald no going . intaSapply, then gloved with reference to ; that geatieman's ^?'^n**' He complained of a : remark just dropped by Mr. Ivory, and ; thanked tbe has. member far Bnekhamptna Car J the action he had taken; and explained that] he had neither Asked for nor received any j sneb promise as thai hnplifff in the reply] men fay the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer. ; fie had spoken to no member of the Gore-n- j meat on the subject this session. Some , TnmH** ago he had been asked by a, member of the Government whether any of his friends ! intended taking action in the matter, and the ; reply he had given them was to the effect j that he 1T^ not make up his tp'***^ to ;'*'iiif^. ' the amount rTirp^wfn^'^ by the committee. * Since that lime nothing farther had been said j reganling the matter, and be had waited, ,n ? tils ^xpectitioo of some members on tlic -i Oppositum cade of the Hoose bringing it : forward in tie House. He Ii*&, is fact, ; spoken to two hatu members on the subject, and they both declined to proceed. It had , been bis intention to take anodiercoorae. witb : a view of obtaining the cents in question, bat: had been deterred, from the fact that be had ; pntfi some oF tiie money without ha.vii3g ol-- { tuned proper bills of costs. He -Ud not now ', know vhetber the Hoosc -sfooM Tote an ? amotint Uuat he could accept — Mr. de Satge i Bxid that the liikewannness o£ the members «f - the Oppoalun was to be accounted Cor bj the , £u£ that the hon. oientber for BUcfcaH wso: Tn^f^^fd in T'g Tfti^gbwif^ to thst partVi And i vsa always to be fnasd voting with the ! Goreniment in cases of emergency. It ; tiiTfl case was kept ''-wfiftg before j bim by tiie Government, and the sooner he himself knew it the better. If tine hon. member would take a deeHeJ j coarse, one tray or the other, be would nin more respect, and have a much better chance j of getting ?ijff j'-TawyMB zcco^iiised. f r*uiich£er j from Ministerial Benches).— Mr. Boacott *^j3-^nt^ the' coarse he had +-»!'«» It was useless for him to go on with the matter after the Government bad said they would oppose him. — Mr. Ivory explained that if his remark. ' That accounts {or the milk in the coeoanut,' applied to Mr. Macdoaald, he bad not the aughtest objections to bis wearing it— Mr. M'P.imitiinad always opposed these claims while Mr. Macdooald remained a member of the House. That bob. member's coarse also was very objectionable, in that he contintted to sit on the Opposition side of the House. The rule was that an ban. member's politics were iniMCtteo! by the position he occupied in the House, and he thought the hon. member for rBarfcall acted improperly in sitting on that aide. — Mr. Maedonald : There is more room here.— At a later period of the evening Mr. MDes in attacking the' Government for their irantaE policy on the land question, referred to Mr. Uacdonald's dauns, which now he {Mr. Miles) would oppose to the utmost The condnct of the Government was disgrace- 1 fol_ they had bribed the hon. member by placing an amount on the Supplementary r-rinratps to seenre his vote. — Mr. Hemmant I denied the accusation, and said they were merely carrying out file recommendation of the Select Committee. He then read | fen tiie Committee'a report, shoving that Mr. IQh had himself proposed the sum! of £6000. Mr. MorebeadT as one who had already opposed these claims, i denounced the Government for baying the' hon. member's vote. He then referred to : what he termed the disgraceful conduct oi the | Attorney-General and the Treasurer at differ- I .cnt times in tttnm*^ to the Opposition side of ] the House in divisions, and leading the lion, j member for Blacksfl to tine Ministerial side ' Vi. Kmgsaid the lapsing of the matter last j session was ovine to the absence of the hon. { member for Bockhamptai vhen the motion - was called upon. He also accused Mr. Buza cott of throwing op the case because Mr. . MarrtnnaM voted with the Ministry. In the latter discussion Mr. -?-*»« was not pre sent, and it was remarked that Ministers, ' while endeavouring to ywlpMy themselves, said nothing in defence of the member f or , HackaO. It is unfortunate Out in a house of forty -two members, not one ventured to say a word in his behalf when such charges vere. made. The Courier being pressed by more important matter, makes but slight reference to this subject, but ft created some excitement in the House, and U, I presume, of special interest to your local readers. j Mr. Dou^as then took the opportunity, as a anpporter of the Mbusby, to make a long? speech entirely disapproving of their railway; ; poSey, and nremg that dKsjstem applied to i Ihe Boma raUway shonld also be extended to 1 the Sorthem fine, and that also proposed to ; ; be cummeuued at Marvbrongh. & took ] {?rbcnlar exception u the limit of £2000 1 I TOfiKorc3y'^e^£se%cn^oti3!? Icomm^^VaeTSTremMnaer «f the taaenrerti essSSTwiih litfle Jiiir— i in?, save on the Tote for the Border patrol, an which the GovemmeBt was steady ar«ed to effect an arrangement wita K«r Smith W*k- , for free border traffic, nub. «b existed between that colony and Victoria. The Tnaumrer J= reply promised to open camnuuueataon on the subject The -°^— t*~ for Hie lands Department next came oo. Or. Pryar first movnu; the items for salaries to officers at Brisbane. On the seeoad motion far salaries of land com nnEtaonetsandbailms, a ddtate arose on the forage allowance of £300 a-year to the InspeetingOmmissianer, and the graduaiing scale down to £30 for other commissioaers, u^ile the haOilfs wen to be satisfied vith £73. Mr. Fryir was pushed rather hard by Government supporters to explain this apparent anomaly, and he being onable to do so, took refuse in preceAmt This was tiie signal for coutuwil worrying, and Mr. Fryar got into a state of snght confusion, to the aronwnwat of lion, members on both sides. Mr. Morehead cues struck in with what he suspected to be an explanation — it w*s a question of horses. The Inspecting Comimssiancr was required to keep fool- horsea, and the other cammis sionere respectively three, two, and one. the unfortunate liailiBs were cot down to a horse and a-half, altionyh they needed to be almost ahrars in the saddle. Mr. Groom did not consider this explanation satisfactory, as the Inflecting Commissioner did hi« travelling by rail, and probably did not keep » hon% at alL rTe moved the item be reduced by £300. Another speaker could vouch for having seen the official referred to on horseback . that very day, bat could not vonch for Ok horse hang bis awn. This is the kind of play hon. gentiemen sopnorting die Government love occasionally to indulge in, ; teasing their' masters 'just to make a show of mock independence Mr. C. J. Graham then struck in with a- long speech demanding to Lno-v the land policy of the new Minister, awl dechruuT that supply should not be voted . nnta fall information was afforded. Mr. ' Fryar appeared taken aback,' and in replying ; evaded the question, on which Mr. Miles: declared that the new Minister had accepted office ancooditionauy, and had no policy. A ; brisk debate followed, Mr. Fryar and the! etber jBenibers of the Oorcmmeut declaring' their land poliev would lie found in their Land BOH bat tite Opposition met this by j repeating the rumour tiiat those bills were not to be pushed forward. A brisk discussion of tiro hours followed, Mr. Macrossan sup porting tuc Opposition members, and taunting the Governmeut with not redeeming then pledges to the Xorttiera members in the matter o{ Gnancial Separation. If these pledges were not kept, Mr. Hodgfcinson and himself had agree*! to withdraw tteir support The debate closed at one o'clock, at which time Ministers were considerably worsted, one ot their most able supporters, Mr. Groom, having made a most damaging speech in condemnation of their *' no policy' on the land question. On Wednesday the CouncS adjourned con sideration of (he Bailway Bill for a week, and having passed some otioer bQls through their stages, adjourned at six 0'dpck. jb*' ! the Ai&eiuUy;, Mr. Hemmant introduced the ; local government bill, and it was read I a first time. Mr. Bozacott madean *»*pli»ia 1 rion, to rebntaebargc made against him on the I previous evening by ihe Minister for Works. I It \ras that he had abandoned pushing Mr. : Macdonald's claims because that hon. gentle man had been voting with the Government I A. long debate followed, vfaicb perhaps jvn veUl think of safiicicnt local interest to give further particulars of elsewhere. I confess to same sympathy with Mr. Maedonald, and leant that Mr. Miles' language was very objec tionable, bat it is impassible not to conclade that Mr. Macdonakl has brought the punish ment on Iiimwjf Whatever his pnblic pro testations, the members on both Bides unite in declaring that he has been betrayed into privately urging his daims. I have it on the \- best authority that every member, withont* single exception, holds the opinion that he should not have entered the Assembly pending the settlement of his daim, and I feel certain Mr. Macdonald would have got his money last year had he not been a member. The Council's amendment on the seventh section of the Matrimonial Causes BQl was agreed to, and the measure may now be con sidered as passed. Mr. Buzacott presented the report of the .Select Committee on the Graeemere Pre-emptive Bill, which the Com mittee, excepting the new Minister for Lands, unanimously agreed to. Mr. Stephens bad given his assent to the measure, but his successor banded in a protest on general grounds. Whether the bill will go through the House or not remains to be seen. It should be fully discussed, and its bearings opnn. tbe pdofce policy of the coaatey carchiuy considered. Bat I presume there will be no lack of criticism on. t&e; second reading -vrhich is find for ibe Stb. Mr. Hemmant on moving the House iato Committee of Supply, was met by Mr. Graham with a long and able speech oa the Und question. He &manded; a faU exposition of the policy of the Government before passing their Estimates. Mr Fryar replied at leugtib, amd asosos «bbertiu&ga; said that tbe bauins appointed last year were nsefnl as a means of edncating selectors as to the condi tions the law reqnired from them. Mr. Thompson followed, expressing hisffctzafscnni that the speech of the Minister for Lands had fixed the Government on one or two matters of importance. Mr. Griffith succeeded with a. long and able speech— though not free from fallacies — riff ending the policy of the Govern ment, and stating that -£e Jaxsmts Tcere now nearly at an end. There were Dot two ca«e- *w'aMf'T. ill which the issues were new, and of these one only was of much imnoitance. rittoU J&bf;^fZZrZ* to Unr necffleaSyfcnrryS.g on BoSy. Mr. Ml,; ?rgedthi rfjournment. winch, after «MW-!is- 1 catsion, was agreed to. 1 The out oilier topic lor comment thHx fflnesstflfc. MaesEster. tt U said, on what appesreto be goad antfcority, that ttere was retflf Bathing senmiy «nsc with the lion. gemicmao^rterdL firh^UndOadif Ihe Assembly h»d gone on vail the ianoSioo i Bffl in his absence, he inmUlatMB bave re- covered, and that anxiety and worry were iindiraetlythecaasesoFbisindisposilian. The i latest report on die Education question is, that iMr.MacaUEter'ecoJlesgnHs an ameamoring \- to induce him to speak in favour of, but vote against the Government bill, and that the hon. gentleman cannot make up. Uisuniodto | erade his AilRi^ilKr* by so equivocal a pro 'cecding. Another report is to the effect that ; many Government supporters are desirous ?-( 'cradling' the Premier, whatever that may : mean, oa the pound that he is no longer a political necessity. Ministers, it is understood, i feel quite competent to condnct the business of parliament under tie able and snasive : leadership of tic Ooloniil Treasurer, and by I getting rid of the present Premier would ; remove one of the most cogent ob- 1 ; jectnms to the prcsentGovenunent. jUI this, , however, I presume is little more than club | gossip, and most be taken with due admixture of salt i Brisbwe, July I, 1875. 