' .VTuTTTTTrr: 1 a/Alf/W General Hews. Unitku States Finances.— Our Phila delphia correspondent iyvritesj.underidatCj July g ?"JThe 'fiscal year.j 1874-5 in American Treasuiy accounts closed on the 30th June. It takes usually six weeks to two months to make, up the official tables of income and txpcnditurci' 'so thftt 1 these cannot be published until August or Sep- bemuer , H l/weiMW make up an apprnximatimi at this time. When the te'ssii i. uf Ci iigrces-began- in December the Secretary '.ot'„the 'l|re»eiiry estiuiatcd the.Income, of/ (he, fi?cal,year at 284 millions /and, tbe expenditure /it ,275 millions. This left 'an apparent surplus of nine millions for . the, sinking fund'.' r Ac-' cording WliWsl niilllens "ought fp'be de voted to the sipkiiig, fund for the .year; so that . there would be a 'deficiency1 bf '22' millions. For the fiscal year the receipts of inland revenue have been 109)787,000 dola., or 4,787,000 ,d6ls."abovci <ttaccsti- matc. The Customs receipts havebecn 156,480,O00dolB., or!'6j620i000ilbls. below the estimate. From'mistcllaneous sourcc'si there havebecn about 20 millions reccivid;, or about1 three milliuiis'aboVo'thc estimate: The entire icccipts amount Jto;aliouti28Gi niillionB, and, 'including', theifull appropria; tiou to the sinking fund, the expenditures- are abont 306 niiUion8.mfThc. actuul , aho\v;', ing is, therefore, a little bctter_than the, estimate, ..eo 'that ithqrC/ atill, remains 19f millions dcficit.onjithc sinking fund., , The, Secretary tome tinic .agp,called .hi 30'inif:' lions of Five-Twciity six "per ,'cciit.' bonds for redemption ou account of, the , sinking, fund, interest ceasing upon.thepi qn Juuc ,11.) These bonds, being mostly, owned. iu' -Europe, arc slow, ot'.priscntatiou, only about 20' million's -being yet presented -for payment at the Treasury. The outstand ing one-third, therefore, docs not yet ape pear to as to produce any deficiency in the Treasury balance sheet tpivthe close of the, year, and,' ' consequently tba apparent 'dc, ticicncy is how but Of millions.— "Tinics.' . A la'iy tiuBOKON i'ob'BlRMisOltASI HoiW' nial. — The committee 'of the1 Birmingham and Midland Hospital! for. Women,® a vc elected Miss Mary Edith l'eohey to the vacaut post of house surgcou. Writing; on thiB sul'ject, the JUanchcsttr Examiner suys Tho appointment will afford a fair opportunity , for the trial of an cxpcrinicht ot undoubted iutcfcst/and' iuipbrfahccj, There has Jongticcn a coiiviction io the' 1\. i ,. ,;i ., ...1, ,10,1 'J ukitj oil uliy ot oddl \- ..-) (i , ; <. . ' 1 ' lay mind that in many cafes" it would he e "grearadvahtap'for-WaffliffWbfiitttnded- " by proporly qualificd nie4ffBtn!Otiti"fn'ra of their ,own . sex, and, Aq'HHQhO.t! lie puiii thnt up to tlic. present time there has tjeen :nny .ahiiitiaft. test, made- of -this principle. uMisssMary, 1'l.iith'; Techcy,' to whom the vacnnt post-ims-fallcn, has a history not entirely unknown . td , the public, she Is one 6f< the gallant hand of "medical lad es" who! havo'eiicnu'ntcrcd so many obsta :lei in tho pros'eeutloh of their studies at E( in-' burgh University. ..She took high honours . there,'- not only among ' those of her < wn sex.biif lifdiimpafcd with the wb0le , 0f mpilical' shiflcut". ami fhougli she was not , pcrmitfeii to 1 i a tun to certain lectures, at- Irhdauce atwhicb was .'.' technically ncocs- sary/'/tb. coniplcto the medical curriculum and qualify tor n diploma, she has cpti' t rived to tarn .the flank, of .the euemyV i-bsitloh'. ! ',Wc . are told .that some of the lecturers were men of.morc liberal views thnii tficir fcllovrs, and withfhclr as8iata(icc Miss Pecbey was enabled to finish her stu; dies, which extended to the domain of pruc- . tical experiment. The courage and perse verance, no less than the severe intellectual discipline, which ' have i enabled her ! to < triumph, oVer so many diffihulticB, are fhc best anguries for the future, and the public will cordially wish her success iu tho career which her talents have rifarked but.1 ' | ' .Compensation under . the , Irish Peace Presebvation Act.— fAt tbc Tulliimbrc' , Assizhs the jury have awarded Catherine, , Rlgney £500 compensation for the murilcrof 'Her brothcri'Michael'Rigney; who waa shot ' 'dead at a wake on 17th ' March last. ' The crime was proved tu be agrarian. Ono of 'the grand jurors' stated that be believed there were parties in . the district who" withheld 'dpfqrmatiq'n, of the murder. Six persons received compensation. fur injuries received./ i ' ,. p u ! ' Tit a Earthquake in Sou th America:— Tile i jVcu1 lYorh: Timen states that,, private, ail vicbs'rccei veil by merchants in that city, warrant the hopo;that it will he found that not more-than OOOO'lives werc lost in ,the earthquake of '"tle! 1 8th' of May. Among' the deaths is" mention eil . that " of 'Mr l"\ Casanova,, who h'i'd/escapM with his'whole. family1, "ttiit upon rcfbnteUhg'hls house tb: get some bedclothes for , bin. baby a. second' shbck cau)cpn, and lie was kiliedi l t is said. : 'ibnt,-', h'e'jj/is,,/ , the' .'.y/Ieraim .-'of | all iwho ,, were j kiiled ...j.wbo ,,! is , known known to have been decently buried. Ue was interred, lin/, the. igarden of his own . house, byi . his . family, assisted by (a few friends. - Besides tile sickness resulting from exposure to the inclemencies of the 'weather arid'the nigh t nir, ' there Wah much suffering and death among, a wolmdcd, ' owin'g'lo the'" frequent' "attnclts'of lock-'jaw 'peculiar to'that" cliinstc, 'where r.ven the slightest . wounds, . . , notwithstanding | the .greatest precautions inay .be token to prc- . j'x«na 'fatally 'from that cause: ! i j.. 'The ,Moon;Ani>.tis )Veatiibb.— Tliere is an old wcntiierwise, couplet in the, eastern districts which runs as follows I n ""Saturtiay's'new and Sunday's fnll | " '"'''"Nnvnr brought; nnoil ntniiiover wull" twilfil pn.all fours with ,dr' j j,,'.. —" Tho Saturday new ' the Suudayjull moonr j " ' ' If it' qoincs ohco in seven years/ ' ' Tt'comca too soon. " ' l It is impossiblcatoi, shake the belief of country people -and others of the effect- (.which1. 'the . moon l is r.assumed ito exercise fUpoti thc wcathcr»and thejhavy ihins wjiicli bav6 marked 'the prescatiriniith,i,onlv serve to strcngthea" a tbelief-' which ,r'i8f'iliAply based upoQona years of, experience.) 'la the 'pVcsent' 'case 'the lie w moon fell on Saturday (the 3rd) andthe full moon1 on Sunday (tnc ' ' woWo'than nll,|tbis is the fact that St. Svithia is going in | for 8elf;osscrtionl for a' period ot forty days, ; starting "ft'dm ; last " ( Thursday . rfJii roii ng. \ I V'J. 1 A' Stranoe StoryA" "private, letter rcceiVcd 'iti' Sheffield from one' of the crew of 'the' iron stiip GlanceVof;.Lqudonr;Jwhic!i arrived'iii the Thames from' Adelaide ori 'TlrorsdAy, gives mt'cUigcuec' of 'a' terrible ' event' which' recently beenrred'at' sea. j On ' the1 27tk,'uUinio the Glance pnsscd an out- hbuhd'yesMl/'bcanng th'e name,'ofJcsHe ''Osborrieid; wiis 'hailed by tho ' captain of the lattiffShip', 'who reported' that one of his ciew had gone mad ; that for five (lays the maniac had stationed himself aloftjand that nothing could induce him to return tOj dcck? jThc . enptainfurtberj reported ' that tlie madman' bin! urnicd himself with a large cbi8elnwith , which he w;ascuitipgt tbe ropes, and thattba boatswain bad tried tto „bring. 'him, jdowp.', 3,'hc rawiiac,) Ijow- cycri'i'tUrew'q blpck,.?at 1 tlicjibqatswnirir knockin'£r'!himon!'tbc,"deck and breaking his arm' and leg.„ As a matter of safew to Jhis rves8el/. and/, crew, j the, , captain of the ( Jessie" Osborne considered that it jwas'- necessary to sboot the maniac, and after -some consultation that corrso wns denidcd tipon. The'- Icrewi - 'and officers of jth'e' Glance were requested Jo be presen( as' witnesses, and iu their presence the man. was shot with a revolver. In consequence, of the waybill which he moved about |tht' ringing, turve shots lmd| to be fired beprc ' he was fatally injured.' He fell dead) on? deck, and bis body was eventually thrown overboard. I A Will in Khymk. — Thomas Wcrrallos Kelly, who was n writing-master, died- on »hi>J28th of-vNnvpmhcr. 1874. Icavin'n a will and codicil, which bore date ! fb .spectivcly 1849 and 1857. Differing ffom, tbcjgeneiulity of men, the execution of a .itcstaientory, paper seems to huve hadj no, .t'erroYs'for'hiinV The. bequest in the codicil, was expressed in 'rhyine, 4 and the inslru- hient'ran::: — , ' . t j.rU' 1 '"'I, having neither kith 'nor kin, . , , Bequeath .idll've named herein"" I 4 Tb Harriet, 'my 'dearest wifo, f To have and bold as hers1 for life, ; "i While in good health and sound in mind -ilhis codicilil've undersigned. IIi8 iwifc andf daughter, in whose favour/ ithc \y)ll aud';codicilc were inudc, and the. 'executors named in the will predeceased 'him, and he left no known relations I In ''these' circumstances-!. Mil E, Baggalfay movcd itheu.Court of Probate to grant' .letters, bf administration of the persona, .estate and effects of tho deceased to|Mr. Stepbenflon;;i Solicitor to tbe Treasury., j he Court made the grant as prayed. Nk\v jWay .oe. Making Beer.— An cyiljuture is inipurtialy preparing for both- tho apostl jsnf the Permissive Bill and > tbe , great public-house interest itself. Science, with its wonted absence of prejudice, j has just dealt each side of the question,, knock-down , blow. A, Frankfort journal;, reports thai a chemist of that city.has lqtcly 'ivrn'.olpublic exhibition of bis ability'to make delicious beer &t;\ a, nnmcnt's notice out of nothing but u small quantity of brownish, powder and a pail of water.) It js sqid.that certain experts present — some of them i brewers themselves — could | not distinguish between the beverage thus made ok the spot' and that drawn from the 'orthodox cask. The new beer-powder tan 'be <m>14 at 5d'an ounce, and one ounce is sufficient to produce a gallon of beer. | At ibis rutc a glass of ulc will cost about Jd, And the process is so simple ! Tukc some1 nurc cold , watc r,fput the powder into-it, stir well, ntid' the beer is ready. Thc;? invehter ' moreover declares : .'that by-1, a' , slight chango :iri Ins 7 in- 113 10 Juu Hi, IV i>.m " . . j ' h| aiil ,-iji yltttf iiyf . aredicnts.he.can ,alterthe_ quslity of the been and nrodnee iny kind that may f be deslrod. Shortly, therefore, a great revolu tion may be expctcd. With a fe.w (trains of Bnss in one pocket, aiid n pinch or Iwn of Tnd and Coopc in the other, the thitsty but not even hona'fdt trnveller of the future will calmly mnke fpr ( thei neaj,est pump, and there contented1y',I'drink qnn- lusion alike to Sir. WjlfWdLajw'" "end to the- licensed viotualler.— r„ , ,"Pnl! \ Mall , Gasfttf.p." r. n> j Tiir Rrcbnt Eruption in Iorland.4— a meeting of the committee formed to fake into consideration how best to afford laid to the sufferer 'fVbm the 'recent eruption in Iceland, has been held at the 'Mansion nqustr-lhe. Lord Mayor presiding, There \vcrb, present Alderman Sir Thomas Dakin, the : Rev. Francis Holland, Dr , Jphn Rac, Mr W.Morris, Mr .EirikrMagnussoni and Mr 'Vine , nrivate secretary to. ithe.ilord Mayor; At thei suggestion - of thei Lord Mayor, Mr Msgnusson gave1 s concise nccount of the chief features of the distress nnd the emwe'df it. ' On1 EssWr Monday, after sporadic eruptions'Had been for'some time' .previously' ' raaVilfeBttng 'thera- selves ' tihut' the regibh of 'the moun tains south-east, of the Cape of Myvatrn, a terrifio explosion occurred . near the mountain group called Dynpjuffoll, which burst i into the sir with such masses: of granulated - scoria and volcanic < ashes a4i covered1 in their fall a triangle of thoi hountryrast of the locality of "the eruptioni l«»'ween .Tokutdbl and Stodvarfidrdi to' the extent of ah'out' OOff 'square njHes. with n Jaycr.jdf ashes nnd yto'nc fibni! If to .8; inchc?,',' in thickncPH. ,, " Such, t bad beeh the! Jqr.cc ofjthc explosion, .thqt 1the,6ner,J,aHc» had not done falling till they. rVaciifd .the snow- clad moutains of Norway on jthc .following«Tuest!ay morning. .'inThe popu lation immediately- affectednamnuntcd to- four 'thousand people, and '"the > live /toc to forty' thourand sheep',1 twenty thotlsnnd' cattle, and ' a sniilar' numher of y ponies. 'By! jhn,i(fact "of. this locality .being Ithe, itnost prbspcroua in1 Iceland, " and "falling, therefore,; with all, the! mdfc oycwhclnjiiig weight! upon i t'c, ncighhlburing .districts, the natural nndi inevitable cqnsequenccB would l»e rapidly spreading : famine at 1 the end of summer, unlcss.-< timely. »HeIp! were forthcoming. This help must cbme.ifrom abroad, 'as Iceland ; had nd resources | for self-help' bf the mngnitude-wbich tho pre- scrit!,/,riilamity 1 aethahded.'t!M Ohsritnble action1 'bind 'already beeh' tnken' by Den mark, where the King was first to start a relief subscription" as early as the letter part of April. In tbe'cdufse'pf May, Nor; way had /, followed ! jtHc " cxuriiplfcof Denmark,- . and from those... countries more - than . £500- bad already,, been sent to iceland, - Lastly, a central commit tee, of which the Parliamentary- Icrider; Mr Signrdsson, was the chairman, had been established at Keykjavik ' for the purpose rf 'alleviating the great' distress of ftbe 'people. in'Easi Firths" Atthe clpseot the meeting1 the secretafyiMr Vihc/nhnpuiiced that about £240 had been received toWards the relief of th'c distress, aha it wus agreed ihandiest grain market, and to ; send . any i opportunity which should . exist.) wucn quantities of grain as could be boUghtat'. the time and shipped to the harboure on1 the eastern const of Iceland,1 ncarcst'tb the -Sflfected'districts.'""1 | y . ,(A - SunsTANiiAL v Ghost ; Story.— j-For TOme timc pnst.thc occupants of a house in ii ecrtain street in Sale have been alarmed by mysticrious ringings of the front floor, bell at Lours seasonable and unseasonable, byvlhandwriting on the front door which was as anti- spiritualistic as the disturbances of the ''window frames and the shattering 'of glass from some 'uhknown cause) was spiritualistic.' 'Of all tbeBC so called pheno- mcna.thc front door bell was the greatest offender, and when 'the inmates went' to answer and welcome some' thougbt-n.f, visitor they were met by that lovely jriew of Brooklanda and the delightful scent from tho canal - bank which the residents in that locality, so well know and so little- 1 appreciate. At length the police were communicated with, but even) the proverbial astuteness of tbe Cheshire Constabulary was baffled. The bells rang, the, '.writing wrote, and the window shud dered -and shook as usual, and no one, ho, fiip. asthey could, sccj did it. A Man chester friend of tlic family set about to. solve, the mystery, and clear this haunted house , from the : stigma attaching to it.; Stealthily- did he lie in nmbusb/'Jn the front gardcu and patiently bide thenissuc; 1 'Straritjc' to any an -aotive and intelligent officer— we will call him A! for the>akc of-dislinction— wes .of the..8nmp__n>indo8j jKing Cotton, and thought he would solvH iiic mystery iao. jx rcciBt'iy ju Diiui-igiu, when inmimcriihle ghosts are supposed to promenade, (the active, and Intelligent 'In plain clothes, aecompimicd by his fiiitbfiil' dog, japproached thc house with .stealthy stens.'i ) Cotton '- was .wide, awake. : < A;!. "crept ( 'in' " and i approached tbe : i /window Cdttpd 'sprang > out' on thef instant, audj; ;Reiz?ng'A,T"by ' thel,thronti a contest coii)'-' niehccd which almosfhn files dcscrip'sion. 'Coltoh' yn'cdTtaih' hchad' gi»t the Icul-,. ''pri t / A .1 1 s f ' cquhlly! 'certain 'that this Was a ' mistake, ahJ 'thut hc' wasinn-j officer .of, which .Sale , might'M'justly ,ibe/ pr«»udi. ,But tlicre was np tiuie for Jcxpbi-! .nation. . Cotton strengtlichctl bis grip ;' A 1 seized Cotton- the dogj,,C6ttonst nn'-1 mentionables. Tbe fray, waxed f fast and ' 'furious ; i the combatants i roared and gripped, making night hideous with tbeir roaring, and rotisingi,ibe 'neighbourhood. 'After ' a' quarter of ;an -hour s tugging-a- truce was called, the dog:- in the meantime ,'Jnving t6rrii,tlic nforfaaid unmentiqnablca mtb8nreds'!i - mutual explanations enflucd . '—the" police bfficef 'returned 1 to duty :andiaj Cotton Vto.,! Manchester! withj . a? -kccn:apprcciaiibn of 'his first endeavours at ghost-laying. ' ' - ji 4 u ! .. Sea-Side Hints. — Pcoplc going to! the' sea-side are often, very; careless about their lodgings.";' They. think' that they arc 'only'f'gomg fur'ft rfew weeks and .that it matters little where they live. _vAs, how ever,- they go> for health as- well aal for 'a' holiday;' common sense onghtito preyent their selecting an obviously 'insanitary IpcMify j'but'w'e believe tbata still'reater mistake than one about locality is that of overcroVv,diug,.'l3, People sriy that they) can ! put up wiflijunyjaccommbdatidn fork ifcwv i.duys,; 'forgetting, that4 the greatest, evils spring jfrqhi.tuo ; many ; huhirih beings crowding iiito:a limited space, eapccialiy in tlieV-casu ofzymotic discuses. The appe-' titc at'thei sea side is usiuilly good, fund' the living should :bc' generous. Popular JhdugbTca"bathingis'among the-- Englishtr4 welbelicvk that they 'seldom- -consult, medical men on tbe spot as to thJjjfetWay, of using it. Some individuals, "and the, great majority of them, take very readily to tbe scn, but'there7arc '!someHwho tiayei an innate repugnance todt, and for whom thicold oftno; water, and the shock of the iviives are rcully in.tlie first rinstuncei too much. Sucli:ncrscD8 may.be-. prepared for the sea, by first ihaving: wet .clothed ap'-' plied tooitncnij.K and lieing i!wcli rubbed wlicti tlicy are rtaken-off; .next, tlioy may try warm vdouches, and alternations o hot aud cold ones— tlicnt hey,, will be abli.to. have cold douches,,; and. when 3 they can bear tlicm;»tbc next stcpito tHe open sea is hut a small one. — " The Sanitary Record.' ' 