CAPE PATTERSON COAL-FIELD AND MR. CO WANTS REPORT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. SIR-Having a copy of the report of Mr Cowan before me, on Cape Patterson, I am somewhat surprised to find it such a lament able affair. That gentleman appears to have had an idea that he could go down to Cape Patterson, examine the various seams of coal, take their course, dip, extent, and thickness and return to the Point before dark This was utterly impossible What he know he was going upon a very important subject, both to the Government and the colony, how was it that he did not take some provisions, blankets, and matches, SO that he could light a fire, and make himself comfortable ' There is a good hut there, and he could then have waited until the tide went down, then he could have seen the seam measured it taken the angle of dip, its probable extent, and have been in a position to report upon it Even if it had taken him r week, the Government would not have grudged the money, nor the country have complained. Mr Cowan meets with "one important seam, said to be 3ft in thickness, yet the important seam, bearing so close to the coast, and dipping seaward," " is of no commercial value ' If he had taken the trouble to ascertain, he would have found the same seam in No 3 shaft, with its companion at a short distance below. In No 3 bore there eight seams were passed through. In all these small seams there are two distinct seams workable, with profit, besides thicker seams below, which the strata passed through proves In several places two of the thin seaniBjoinandformoneseam.asseenbetweon the Bourne Creek and the present Kilcunda mine, in the cliff, with a glaze parting Then again, the seams were found in No 2 shaft, where they had been thrown down by a small fault. Another fault occurs between the No 1 shaft and the No 5 shaft, which throws it down on the other side. The coal has been proved in No 4 bore some distance east of the workings, and at No 3 bore north of the workings Again, if the surveyor had gone down to the point he could have been another seam cropping our, and running across the corner, underlying all the other seams, and again cropping out in Coal Creek, proving that the coal is not only continuous, but extensive in depth. Again the same coal is found on the south of the dividing range of the Blue Mountains, which is there broken off, and again appears about three miles north-west from the break The same coal was found again on the Bass River, about nine or 10 miles from the mouth of the river The coal' at Cape Patterson, on the beach dips in the sea, and about 280ft from high water mark (inland) there is a saddle back thus - where it dips inland for some distance. The surveyor states a gentleman told him that two seams had been struck, one 12ft 10in, and another 25ft 6in. "If the statements of Mr. Davis are correct " Why should they not be' Is it because Mr Cowan did not see them that he doubts ' Can he see the wind ' Yet he feels it Can he see a pair ? No I But he could see the seams on the beach (if he had waited) Mr Davis w worked in the coal, and the late Mr S Anderson got it 20 years ago, or nearly so It is not the faulty nature of the country that is against its being worked with a good profit, but the transit. It is impossible to ship coals there. In 1865 I saw over 1,000 tons of coals on the beach ready for ship ment, but could not be got away. All open to the Southern Ocean, with a dangerous reef running out some miles, vessels could not come in to load, and if they could they would be driven from their moorings The great want is a tramway to meet the other at Kilcunda, which would soon be paid for by freight TH O thousand tons per week could be sent into market after the pit got into proper working order, i e , with proper management. He speaks of the presence of dykes as an obstacle to the working of the mine He must not understand much of col bery working, or he would not set this up as a bugbear. If he worked his lower level first and placed his pump foot in the lowest part, the men would be working dry, and going farther from the water, until worked out, then they might tap it (the dyke and drain the top level The surveyor says " he does not think the coal found at Cape Patterson can be the same as that found at Kilcunda ' If he had travelled up the beach he would have seen the same coal in the cliff down to the Powlett River, where it dips at the mouths, and the small top seam can be traced at intervals all the way to Cape Patterson. And as to the surface indications being unfavourable, I can take him to a shaft sunk in 1866 to a depth of 137ft, going through 20ft of drift sand, and then finding coal after deeper sinking 15ft of sandstone, and not the ghost of a tree growing on the surface He concludes by saying "The pick of the miner is the only that The pick of the miner is not the only test The test that the coal is seen here, and found again half a mile off on the door again found four miles north, again seven miles further north, again half a mile west and two miles west and three miles east, should be a test of the seams being continuous. If, because there are faults, he would sink a separate shaft on the other side of every fault, turn where is his dividend to come from? His method of working in very faulty, as well as the ground, and in my opinion would be more disadvantageous than the faults and dykes. He puts down 00 men, 40 hours per week Is he going to pay engineer, brow man, looker-on, labourers, c, for doing nothing ' Is the pit to stand idle all Saturday Will he allow the floor to heave Saturday after Saturday, until he is compelled to take up a portion of the floor to allow the tubs to travel 2 If so, what return will be got for that? Again, his timber is sadly wrong?. If he uses 12ft 1in. props, how is it they cost £2 5s per 100 ? I have had slabs 5ft. long, 18in broad, and 6in. thick BpUt at £1 per 100, and can have them again to-morrow. What in the world does he want with a blacksmith and striker to sharpen picks, for every collier likes to sharpen his own and a carpenter, to prepare timber-let every man see to his own crops By fixing a small circular saw there could be as may props and caps cut off in one hour as would last 200 men a week. I must say on the whole, in my humble opinion, he may understand gold, but it is coal we want to know about The mails want it, the steamers want it, the manufacturer wants it, the gentleman wants it, the working-man wants it, bricks makers want it, blast furnaces want it, puddling furnaces want it, the country wants it, and if we get nothing more encouraging than the report published on the 12th of August, they may all want, and want may be their master -I am, kc, A COLLIER FROM LANCASHIRE. I 