FEEETEADE ESSAYS. (The Australasian, 29 May.) Any addition to the literature of political economy, for the purpose of enforc- ing the wisdom, justice, necessity, and advantage of freedom of commercial intercourse, ought to be just as superfluous in a community of civilised men, as the publication of a defence of Kepler's three laws, or of an apology for the first principles of geometry. We suppose that a time will arrive when our grandchildren would as soon think of disputing the truths of economic science, as of quarrelling with the 47th proposition of the first book of Euclid and will look upon the present generation as benighted barbarians for having adopted a policy condemned by experience, rejected by reason and discarded by the mother country in the middle of the 19th century. But in the meanwhile, although it is a melancholy reflection that any necessity should have arisen for the issue of the Five Free Trade Essays, for which we are indebted to Mr. G. H. Reid, of Sydney, we may welcome them as a restatement of un- answerable arguments, and as a reper- tory of telling facts in illustration and exposure of the folly and wickedness of Protection. A system which restricts the liberty of every member of society, which condemns the whole population of the colony to undergo an increased amount of exertion, or to sacrifice a larger portion of their earnings or income, to obtain a less return than they would otherwise receive for their outlay of toil or money, and which tends to substitute manual for intellectual labour, stands self- condemned. For as has been repeatedly pointed out by the best writers on the question, such a policy tends to retard civilization, to diminish the industrial power of a country, and to lessen its political importance. It is essentially retrogressive, and hostile to the best interests of the people. Nothing but the densest ignorance, and a total incapacity to discern anything more than one side, and a very small part of a train, can explain the popularity of the repeatedly exploded fallacies of protection among men who are supposed to possess an average amount of intelligence and to be able to read and write and cypher. And it is only by the perusal of the few newspapers in Australia which still remain faithful to this sorry cause, that one can form any idea of the utter confusion of mind which prevails among protectionists with respect to this question. We read in one of these forlorn journals the other day the as to using statement that the half a million of money taken from the pockets of the people of Victoria under the plea of protection to native industry is not more injurious to the taxpayers than if it had been levied upon tea and coffee, which cannot be grown in this colony. Now what is the fact ? A duty of 20 per cent, levied upon some article of import which enters into competition with a commodity produced or manufactured here, not only augments the cost pro tanto of what is imported, but also of that which is locally grown or fabricated. Thus the consumer of the article brought in from abroad pays 20 per cent, and upwards to the Treasury, as a fine for his preference of such article; and the consumer of the colonial commodity pays a duty or penalty of 20 per cent, and upwards to the local producer or manufacturer. Let us assume that the supply of some article in general demand is derived in the proportion of one- fourth from Great Britain and three-fourths from Victorian sources, and that the former contributes £25,000 per annum to the revenue in the shape of Customs duties. What follows ? That upon the remaining three-fourths the consumers pay a compulsory fine or subsidy of «£75,000 to the colonial grower or manufacturer. Both amounts, that is to say, «¡8100,000, are so much withdrawn from other channels of expenditure, and those who would have benefited by it suffer accordingly. " But," says the puzzle headed protectionist, " this enhancement " of price does not take place. Native " industry can produce commodities quite as cheaply as they can be imported " under free trade." Then wherefore the necessity of protection ? But as a matter of fact, the allegation is a mischievous and misleading falsehood. If the local commodities could be grown or manufactured for even 10 per cent, less than the imported articles can be sold at the latter would speedily be superseded by the former ; whereas the mere circumstance of half a million sterling being intended to be excluded from the colonial market, is sufficient to sweep away the whole web of sophistries woven by the unfortunate advocates and deeply to be commiserated defenders of that evil legacy from the dark ages, which bears the plausible name of " Protection to, " Native Industry." In Mr. Reid's excellent and compre- { hensive essays, he travels over a wide field, and examines the baneful influence F of protection in the mother country was the year 1826, and shows how it blighted every industry upon which it laid its fatal hand-crippling where it could not de ' stroy, and paralysing what it was unable to exterminate; while the condition of the manufacturing operatives, of the agricultural labourers, and of the small shopkeepers, was so desperate, that nothing but the timely death of George the Fourth and the advent to office of a Reform Administration preserved England from being swept by the revolutionary wave which overran the continent of Europe in 1830. Mr. Reid then proceeds to exhibit the calamitous operation of protection in the United States and asks, " What does the American lab jurer " owe to protections? High wages ? ''Certainly not. Because protective " measures are the unfriendly effect, not " the cause of high wages. Cheap " living ? Certainly not quite the op " opposite. The tariff of the United " States has raised the cost of subsistence to a very high point. Astonishing "though it may appear, when we bear in " mind the vast extent and virgin re " sources of the one, and the insignificant area and crowded population of the " other, living is much cheaper in Old England than in the New World? The " British artisan is not half so badly off, " and the American artisan is not half so " well off, as the respective rates of " their wages would lead us to expect. " Thanks to a policy which oppresses the healthy consumption of the masses of " the people, in order to keep on their " legs an array of weak and tottering in " dustries-for in that condition they " must be if duties ranging from 30 to " 150 per cent, are still necessary to their " existence-the cost of living is higher " in the United States than in any other " country in the world !" He then traces the evils which the system has inflicted on this colony, and points out the industrial progress of New South Wales under a wiser fiscal policy, observing that " it is truly wonderful that the one colony " of the whole group which is destitute " of the two and agents in manufacture, " coal and iron, is that colony which " legislates to establish manufacture, and " which hopes to succeed by means of " taxation ! We may be told that pay " able deposits of coal and iron ore may " yet be discovered. This is true, but " the chances are altogether against it. " The area of Victoria is smaller than " that of any other colony except Tas " mania. Its resources, too, as we have " said, have been more carefully invested " gated than those of any other. The " probabilities of discovery are thus all " in favour of the rest, and against Vic " toria. Certainly legislation has noth " ing tangible to rest upon. So that " Victoria will have to buy her coal and " iron. Is it not clear, therefore, that " Victoria does not possess a single ad- " vantage in the struggle upon which she has entered? As manufacturing be " comes more and more within the range " of colonial enterprise, with what chance of success eau Victoria hope to corn " pete with the other colonies say, with " her neighbour New South Wales, from " whence she has to transport the coal which sets all her manufactories in "motion?" Mr. Reid's Essays may be studied with advantage by every person who feels an interest in this momentous question, and who is capable of approaching it in a spirit of candid inquiry and with a reasonable openness to conviction. Mr. Brough Smyth, in his second report of the geological survey of Victoria pays a high compliment to Mr. John Forrest;, whose successful exploration of the later from the Murchison to the South Australian Telegraph Line has added greatly to the stores of knowledge previously possessed. Having kept records of carefully observed phenomena, his collection of rocks and minerals are an invaluable treasure. According to the facts communicated by Mr. Forrest, from the western shores of Western Australia to the 135th meridian the country is occupied by granite. In this tract all the rocks similar to those that appear in the eastern portion of Australia have been removed by denudation. Mr. Smyth adds :-" Patches of stratified rocks, some of palaeozoic, some of mesozoic age, are found in places, but they are but the remnants of great rock masses that the denuding forces have carried into the ocean to form its new bed new strata. The facts communicated by Mr. Forrest have enabled me to colour on the geological sketch map provisionally all that tract of country extending northward from the Great Australian Bight to Gregory's most southern limit attained in the remarkable journey to Port Essing- ton, in which he was accompanied by Baron von Mueller. The Bight indicates by its curve a great depression in the interior, and Mr. Forrest's explorations and those of Gregory show that it is not probably intersected by very extensive ranges of mountains. This depression, when below the level of the sea, probably separated Western Australia completely from the eastern parts of the continent.' The Germans have taken care to study the geography of Belgium. They have praised her monuments and institutions, and rewarded her painters. In a word, they have spared no expense of money and imagination to honour their weak and interesting neighbours, who have repaid them by an unparalleled ingratitude. They continue to speak French, and refuse to speak German. Now, according to the Cologne Gazette, every one knows that Germany wishes to annex none but countries where German is spoken and that she despised Luxembourg and Limbourg because the language of those provinces is not pure and unalloyed. Why do the Belgians make such a culpable resistance? The Cologne Gazette can- not account for it. The crocodile tears of the Gazette are, we think, calculated to make the statesmen of Brussels and London reflect. They will do well not to put too much faith in the assurances of disinterestedness which S German diplomacy has not failed to lavish upon every one. La Republique Francaise. M. Dumas, the celebrated cHem ist, has informed Marshal McMahon that an efficacious remedy against the ravages of the phylloxera-the insects that kill the vines-has at last been discovered. Experiments made by the Academies of Paris and Montpellier leave, we are told, no doubt on the subject, and in a few days the reports of those two learned bodies will divulge the secret, which is not only of vital interest to French vine-growers in particular and France in general, but also to all who love the " generous grape." It is to be hoped the good tidings of M. Dumas will turn out true as well as new. In an article on the Ghost of Modern Spiritism the " Saturday Review" makes the following amusing references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages "The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. He appeared as a hedgehog, as a black dog, as a man in black, and dealt in the smallest sums. Sixpence seems to have been the amount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they considered to be their souls, and upon one occasion he only gave 4½d. at the conclusion of a bargain. Considering the improvement that has been effected in the condition of the country, gentleman and the agricultural labourers, it is not too much to say that experiences of this nature cannot be contemplated by the most sanguine and most eager as likely to occur again ; the sums which will change hands will have to be far larger, and villages in Somersetshire cannot hope to be similarly favoured when the rise of populous towns is taken into consideration. When the devil was constantly in the midst of the uninformed and the ignorant, there was nothing for him to do. There would be little difficulty in finding him employment at the present time instead of cleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building ricketty bridges across country streams, he might be fitly employed in cleaning our rivers, and it his endeavours were attended with success, no one would grudge him a local board or two or a corporation for his pains." WHY I GO TO CHURCH MASCULINE REASONS. Because Canon Manley is safe to utter some home truth from the pulpit which no one dare say out of it, and one likes to see how awfully scandal- ised the old fogies of both sexes are safe to be at it. Because one feels curious to ascertain to what lengths of rot old Bush vii It can go in the pulpit. Because one likes to see how near that young Rubrick can get to Rome without actually crossing the Rubicon. Because, unless I go to-day, the opportunity may be lost, as-if one is to believe my Liberationist neighbour, old Jawkins-the church is safe to be disestablished, if not next week, next year at latest. Because one likes to set a good example. Because one catches glimpses of all the pretty girls in the parish. Because most respectable people go. Because I really should like to believe in something or other, only I haven't time to decide for myself what that something should be, and a fellow might get a lead at church some Sunday, perhaps. Punch. The sudden transformation of a servant girl into a grandly dressed lady is sometimes quite startling. " Not very long ago," says Mr. Bath gate. " I noticed a a girl, who I changed to know had come to the colony as an assisted immigrant sitting in full splendour, with cloak, bouquet, and fan, beside her husband in the first row of the dress circle at the Italian Opera?" Unfortunately, it is easier to decorate the person than to cultivate the mind. In the wrong use of phrases Mrs, Malaprop is beaten hollow. A girl who had been developed into a lady was heard to speak of getting an " antimonial" dress, meaning a dress of moire antique. Another gave it as her opinion " that the mayor of their town should wear a scarlet robe lined with vermin,', meaning, of course, ermine. Male immigrants who have come suddenly into wealth are apt to make similar mistakes. One night, at a public supper party, an individual sat opposite to a dish of pots de foie gras which rare and costly dish he persisted in calling " potted photographs Chambers' Journal. 