. I TAI.ES AND SKETCHES, i =. THE HUSHES OF HOLWXCH. °° HoBSthan thirty jesrs have daosed, since the '! eircunrJUnres hjmiualuu related wooed a cnrioeitTaiid interest, by no mans limited to tbe neehbou-hood of their auuuiimu - Ihto- of life has «h»ea rspialv; the ™ principal actors in this IHUe episode ban passed *T iwayitoe me tasirnss, with a suddenness ™ me even in these AonafiKimng time*, assumed an aspect as dissimilar to inj former self an ^ 39sjtnre, though 'wii'li^iirtinmp^ mow permit. m The railway Art pierced HoUrnh to to heart. J sweeping sway like cobwebs pictorejqne °* old at', and sowing staring «tB1s- -* ndeueea'in their nom, coold not absorb its I ** liable inlands, rich with box and fan. nor divert j the course of the little riser, in whose dstt-green JJ pools, 'O since CaHar*a war-chariots nnnbM I J' tbrooihtbuTiiU. cmirtleas generations or trout ..' had lurfcedaad fattened; bat it tunnelled the t J* onesnd spanned tbe other, and, rashing on to j . ireeh destruction, kft Holwyeb a thriving town ! indeed, bat with en sir of hiving been on a visit * to baiota, and of bavmg brought back with it ™ somechhig of -be stem, ??ing, and swagger of I ~ Batnpalitantsbiirbsnlife. _ JJ Attention of a few nuntBa wul preserve «K i Bblwveh a nSdi« incojniti. For tub which : . ibDowa is, eo to epeak, a mystery. And the ! lorcn of such naTatiow are sometimes M. i indeed, «? the privBege of the -ez tint most . denghlB in them— uncertain, coy. and auuiewliat \ 'I &Senlt; entirely to please. Exoldn Yourghoat. i ? and be fwrmniw an importer. Don't, and. even i J' B Tout TaraeJty pua uDdbaflraeed, particulars i ? are [demanded » the price of fan*, -hi* it * jngbtbeiDexpealnit— D-y,ubenom— todiselose. j ' mere wonder may be found for this description j otn.rnttro.ia the bet that it has occasionanv . helped sceptism ilwlf to comprehend urn there ™ mar be, moving in Mr very midst, power*. ] &rcea;, and forme of beinc, which aU man's i . garnered wisdom can neither neigh aor gsnoe. i ^ On a brieht Ma; morning, in 1833, Colonel ! n Cothbert Elderton, arrompanied by his fair little j ' newly- married wife, quitied London in aeareh of , ^ M couutiy home. xfao worfd— -as in the cue ™ !*i another pair of whom we hate not tmfnequei tJy j ™ temrf- wasall be&xe; them, rim toebooK; ° and, laving no reason Gtrespeaal hastr, they Tta&nA; to exwmne at least Bach parts of it.** ; amja-phaetoo. °' j' After bang all but ensnared by theeoinbre' darms of an old Eliiabethan mansion, well ', f, dotbra win. wood— «fairh proved to ban ben. ' J* a lunatic afjlnm — and after dedinnu!; with ; ° tinnkv, a bngbter-lookniS residence, wbose S latest proprietor had ported bis wife into a well j e -tolaw,how»«er.hiim.«mn..»iugl»udema»ie Jbr murder, nntrn; to conrirt hint}, tfaeCDlonei j ' and his wife bani tfaems-lns. at the end of a I ™ week, psanng the pretty lioledorteraf eotlaees. j J mo tJicotK iiieguur ?trret, viiicb *t th*t tune j _ rcprcBCoted Balw^cfL Wrtu toe Immc moot ? nptands on the one band, and the wooded ,' and watered TaDey on the other, the ' txaveSers Connd the scene bo atrnetiTr, that they m ittmmabi to haft at tin- village inn— (he Ssran ' —tab their Inneh, and make some Ural c inqoiries. * 'Canons !' remarled the colonel, tfaoagbt- ' fidly, as they presently stood together at a baek | ' aojarent roontrr ' 'VFhat,dear?- ,c ' £ have never, to my remembrance, psased i m tJnnogh thu pbn bebre; vrt, aomehow, it— it j ? ?ean- toknoirn»r , M£now you! How?** asked his wifi^laagli- : * ing. ' 'TTi«t'« more than ImnjP repfied the c eolond, «tni with a pnzz'ed look. 'Ieanreallj hard'y explain my meaning— but it?e something ! ' like a man, making one a hesitating bow. '. c being not ottto certain tiiat it isn't yoar betaher^ \ ' Wn&am;, your brother, does hunt in ths ' ' neighbourhood .' Bald Mre Elderton, pertly. '. ' ' Ha! that's it, no doubt!' responded her ? ' ?ponse. ' ' 'Bat, Cothbert, deM-.' resumed Mrs. Kj1 ' don't they say tint people sometimes have ' - prensions— foreshadowings— -ofthingsandpisees j * yet to come?' !' ' Often. At this very moment.' replied the : * colonel, sta) at tke window, ' I hare a prm-ion '' of certsin mntton-cbop\ abvnt to become reality. .. ibr 1 esn hear tile waiter saying w V ; f ** 7ou alwavs Isngh at flocb thiags,' said his ' wife, discontentedly. { 'Q-ops? I indignantly deny it !' responded i * her hnngry epoose, opening tue door to listen. , 'Ko. Hysteries.- !' * On the contnry, I like them. ZeolretheiD. \ too— sometimes. For eximpie, the aort of . I prevision yon apeak of, dear, prabably means, ' i nine times in ten, that, baling formed a very ' I .definite opinion as to something von would like, . 1 when, yean and yeses after, it suddenly presents ; i itself, joa claim it as an old friend.' L = I am certain, if is ? fate, WearetaBve; here,' asid Mrs. Elderton, deciairaly. i ' At iliis moment the iuneh appesred. ' 'I almost think we decided too hastily against i .tat pretty KUcote,' remarked the colonel, as ' I they eat dawn. - ' Cnthbcrt, dear, that well V said bis little { wife, witb 9 shiver. ? - ' Ily love, I cannot bring myself to believe, ' that there is anything abont the place, ealenlsted ? to produce m even- orenpant an irmutible j ; desire to push bis wife into a well ** I ?' Nonsense. Bat if s no matter. I should ! never feel perfectly at ease — quite at home, yon i ?now — in a bouse where anything strange bad ; happened.' i: ?? Be wasn't convicted, in know,' observed \ the colonel. » My love, another chop f ! ? »o» I wonder ff they ever used ibe wdl— i aOer?-sstf MrsBlaMtno,tbonrhtfiiI!y. ' ; ? ZS^^?: .°g?l?l».*?r. 'g^- '.???' j ?t weU alone —Waiter, do yon chance to know | any vacant nadenon in this imroedistei ^hbonrbood? I ahoold want eood atabfing d out offices, and a lirtle land. There is thing to anit ne, I take it.* 'Te— . that is, no, air.' answered the man, th a qokiglaoci at Mr«. Elderton. 'Wbicudojoomean,?' ' There's nodiing. air, to— toso-t the lidy.' In-ned the man, hastily. 'Everything in eas parta, almost, is in the boecopition -* nUit* srhasb had Ered tbere for yean. Bat ere'. « hageat, Kr. Bradgett ia the next lage as'U tell you more.' ? lam more and more attracted by this place,' id the colonel, as they rreomed their j amey; ?put from the mysterious welcome it has ejven e Nothing to be bad, eh? No wonder sple get attached to ? Hallo! There'ea irancy. at least!' They wera |ns-i-w; a larce snansiDn, abwt'a tsrterof a mua beyond the village, atandmg A from the road, and eWelded from the latter r a large damp of fine ced«rs. ea as Co be ouly «a-5e above the gatss, voidi opened opoo a uwdcarrneeaweep. liwasbniltofgrey etone, u long and low, vid bad pmjrcnng wince and eheltenjd portico— altogether presenting a ?avj, yet imposing fnnnage; while, from its evated position, it was dear that the bsek indows moat rrannnmd aa onioterrnptad view the whole of tint braatiful rale, on the Doded slope of which it stood. The colonel bad cheeked his hones, to mike a oser aurultuj. 33iere were reoinaiits of ?erianeen' a'^nooneements atill adberiiig to the rter walls, and the house itsef doplsyed no gns of oeeopa^n. Doors and windows were oeed throughout. Ho thread of naoke. ueuia* oo any of the dmltatndinons chunnevs. strayed the presence of ulbUumi who most me ; and die proputr. eenMaBy, appeared to ? relegated to the aombre gaumaa^np of two ilsssal fignras— half man, half griffin— which inked the portieo. 'That house, now, looks at ff it bad a storj,' Merved Mrs. Blderbm. ' Iwtsh it had another!- replied berhnsbsnd, ith a criliesl rusing of the eyes. '* Too heavy, r half, for each an elevation. The groonds, if tern be any, most be rasgDifieent,'dcsr. Bhdl e give tbem a ruinate or two?' Mm. Eldertam readily aneuted. add the pair, lighting, walked— as the riddle bath it— room) ?e house, and round the hoaie, and were only eterred from looking in. at every window, bj ?e atrong iron aJyrf*^* wfaieh liermetically ?led the eame. ?? By your leave, monsters!' asid the colonel, DpatienHy, as they leUirued to-the portieo; id be give a stout tug at the beM. which raitted one beavj aepnMml note, and then, as 'exhausted with the effort, left fts handle in is crap. Fnn-keu, bat not discannged, the two rplorers eontinaed to hover' about the nehrated cattle, tin they discovered a. email rteket. openioe upon a lane, fbllovriag 'which liter they came upon a gate, abaneaodeecarejy jeked, bat with open bars, thus affording a view f the garden and ground, in rear of the mansion Tiese appeared to be even more pidansnue odbesntjfid than the colonel had anticipated, troad terraces, apscious lavma— some level, aome loping downward toward Che river, whose trarmar, a4 it rqinled over eome inviaihle weir, ould be fsintly heard ; dumns of maple, planes, nd dw; ehoked-ao ftjwer- beds ; mass-covered suntains ; everywhere a wild warurs between rder andeonfasion,in wb'xmthefdrmerwas being Tadoilly overborue. On tjie finther aide of the osntral lawn there ammer-boosB of wnite rtone. Shot oat from he boose by the intervening tnes, this bunding n» es placed as evidently to command not only he fairest portions of the garden, but the, distant siontry beyond. ** Why, Onthbert, it is a paradise !' exdaitned Irs. Elderbm, visions of improvrment alreadv baaiag each other throncb ber active mind It was, in troth, a rmning aeene. The apple ind pear btussonjs — these must have been a lobby of eome former proprietor — were ibsoUUely dszz'ing ; and the young Hay leaws rith lhe- eoft, fresh tints, completed Ih tatursl elory of the vcene. 'Die mansion naelC in this side, presented onite a cheerful aspect — he rear face being either psinted red. or faced vuh brick, and abundantly clothed with peat ind pomegranate, trained round the window*, rhich opened to thegronnd. ** The bouse is a humbug !' remarked the Dlonel ' Who, from its frosming front, would lave expert ed a scene like tlia ?' ' It fa just the place T should dote on !' said m wife, enibutusrioslly. ' Vacant, too, dear. tfnat ronld thit man mean, by myihg there vas nothing in the neighbourhood ?' MTbe waiter? I ein only aeeoant for it,' vpUen1 the cilonel, ' by the supposition th»t lome frjend of his, just married — and ready. hose rieooralising eireumstaaces, to indulge us wife's every whim — has an eye npon it ilresdy.' ' Oh, Cothbert, does that mean ? ?' u It means, at all events, that well makeaame inquiry. But how to get ? ball', you!' . A boy of loafing aspect, coated with moss, a; if be had been tard-nesting on aonje venenblf brae, had just appeared fiom behind a dump o dder4»abea. ** Hallo, your* returned the boy. like a surf; echo. \- Who Uwfa after this plawr' \- Bone but th' ushers, I 'tow,' replied th. VOQID (ntllUD^* 'Ibetnhers? It's a school, then f* 'If 'tis, there's a, vscancy,- responded th remarkanle boy, with a eecond grin. ' Do these tubers neeiv* people who wish ti see the bonse and grounds P* ' Ho. They keeps 'n awav,' asid the boy And, pressing bis hands on Ins bu'gy podeti as tbooj-h conscious of something ctmtrxbud ?TUseetfae%ent to-niiht, at HatehibH,' a^JJBirioirijsJiaa-iaiined the carriage. The neglected mansion bad, in troth, taken U the fancy of both. They ooaU talk of DOthin* ai eLKSaAd.loaxsntl^rsaehedHatisfona,hsd w not only made the property their own, but II tiausformed it intoamxM of perfection, whereni ol art and nature strove in vain Cur mastery. b After dinner, tin colonel, witb assumed in- a difference, O»o(ht be would stroll down to see fi the agent, Mr. Brodgett. He did not unite bis « wuVe compsny, fesrinf. peradventnre, that ber « undisguised desire to possess the mansion at it Hstwyeh might somewhat interfere with the n bargain he hoped to effect So he told her she o wsstired. ' s: Mr. Brodgett, who «s sSD at work in his 1 office, readily forgave the colonel's untimely U visit, and fmnisbed all needful inbrmslion. tl The- IUnsion,'at it n caUed, of Holsrroh h was nntenanted ; hsd been bo. in es&et;, for ll some IMe time— a couple of yean or ao— the fa rent being high (in fact, four hundred a year). Soehi- thst the knd was limited to about a « dottn acres, witbout shooting— for Mr. Brodgett « woold not alloie to the rqght of shooting a dsbchicks in the afambb u sport— the rent a was bi*h. Bat, then, there were reasons : die s mansion was historical. ' Historical !-? g MCffanected with one of the most interesting « periods of English history. Ibe Lord OhancsUor 1, J.fiVevs, by enne woterj styled the ? bloody,* t is said to have resided then.- - 'The deuce be has!' ejaenlated the colonel, flunking ol his nervous little w3r. I 'But,' reaumed Mr. Brodgett seeing his It mistake, and with an indulgent rails, -HT«» a not based on any recorded bets. Holwych, t yon nmst know, was formerly the assize town, c and posBibW bis lordship, when judge on thu i cirenh^ might have passedardghtat the mansion. Thco, ah-, the singular beauty of the f ' My good sir, the terms are simply ahsord,*' - said the colonel, dedsivek. I 'So I ventured to tdl 'my principal,'' replied 1 1 Hr. Brodgett, lsnghing. 'Bat he is a man c who h«tej small banwstions— petty tnveit. t marts, you know. 'Get tue four hundred, I Brodgett,' he wrote, 'or let the owls have it a rent-free.* By-the-by.' continued the aeent. i loitinjamoujthiptpen,' in* letter, trcrived t this very day, he intimates a willingness to seu, s and that on terms thst might suit yon better i than a lease. Here it is. I am almost asheanH t to tell yon, bat he is eccentric For tbe entire t property— it U freehold, and the hoow in good t repair — twelve hundred pounds !** c *? Tbe price is not exorbitant,' owned the ? colonel, wnUnf be might draw a cheque on die - spot. , « It is worth HmoB the money, ar,' growied Hr. Brodgett. **But I most obey orders.** t An appajntmait was nude for the next « voorome to inspect the mwaon and grounds ; { and the eofon»l was turning to lesve, when it [ - wecarrad to him to remark tiiat be nnderstood i tbeplseehadbeeurecenHyoecapiedasaeeh.ioL - ? - School!- asi I Mr. Brodgett, as if amjwd. I ?AndUleftinenatEOoftsenahers.*' 1 'Usbers? ffm. Ushera? Sothing of I tbe sort, sir, I assure you,'* said tbe agent t hastily. M In is of no eanssqaenoe. Bo doabt I was J mistaken,' replied the ctilooe). And. burryine t home, reported to his delighted wife the happy - issue of bis expedition. ji It ia noon next day when they nrove ap Hie ! . e^ass-growa sweep, and found Mr. BroiUett : 1 ^waiting them at the open door of th* manst3n. 1 1 [f the exterior were dark and forbidding, it I ' only formed the greater contrast with the loflr, ' : light, and spacious rooms thrown open to their ! ! eratined inspection. Tboae on the ground-floor, ' garden side, were en eoh- — a noble dinioS' ! I rwn, drawins^oom. bQliird, and breakfast- i room, trnniniting in a conservatory, and extend- ' ins the promenade that might be made throu;h the successive apartments to sixty or seventy yards. All the windows, save thoee of th ? dininp/roam, opened to the ground, giving ' - seers* to tlwiasmsandterrscssalreadydescrihei. i rhere was much massive fumitn*?, epparentlj ' but lrH3e the wore* for lime ; and aB this war to be taken at a valuation, and the house v?*s in ! \- an respeers ready to be occupied, there was nothing to prevent the fEldertons taking pis*** sion, as sooa as the legal transfer coald he ! acesmplished. And so zeslonsly did Wr.Sroii- ? \- gett bestir hinuelf on their behalf, that a very ' fewdayssawtliemfurlyeBtabliwhed.endairei-lv . at v/or* 'on their projected improvements. To , the colon's enjoym'rnt then ws- indeed one j slight, verv slight -iravrback— the feir thst hi- | wile, who had s - frankly avowed her dislike of a j hoase in which anything unusual hsd occurred, | J should becooie eoddenlf apprised of the al!ezed | ^j visit of the ' body jad«e ' — nay, his possible . occupancy of the very chamber they had selected : as theft-own f . ' What followed it may be advisable to give in the form of the diary, letters, and depositions, in which this strange story was originally re oorded. I -? tt was in Hay, 1835,' (Mrs Elderton elter : wsrds wrote to a friend m London) 'that we took up our abode at pretty Holwyeh- Our house, the * Mansion.' though sombre enough ! . out-ids, was the brightest, cheeriest dwelling I Iteart could desire. ^Ihe sunshine never seemed ! i to depart from one or other of its gay well* I . windowed rooms, nntil it melted into night. T Cuthbert and I were in raptures with our purchase — busy as bees, and little anticipating j the strange series of events of which, as you desire it, I will endeavour to give some funiculars. e a We bad been in possession about a month, darins which nothing especial umnniej, except that two of our maiils gave warning, without— t so-far as I could perceive — any valid came, sjn4 that Urs.Ketteii'lge, the housekeeper, begged a to be allowed to change her room in the stest wing for one, much inferior, is another part of . the bouse. Bat never having— as you nay ', suppose— beard of any imacconntable raneam , stsnees in eoonectton witb the house, those incidents merely cansed me a — ~»— *—j * sorprise. JJn not tiling mcni-cBeoniiig ocenneo ax m beginning of July. I was enUm. ehont id-day, in an openaieora at the end of*. I-werte9a,and, aa I well te™«txr. thinking J F nothing eoodaxin to nniissinnsa. when C ? ? scame nddsdy conscious o- tudeaeribabte- ' «» of panic »ri, «yoom%lrtferfhrf««e ishtfiil scene or object unexpectedly presented'' seVto jonr «w. T«t I -sw nthing, «aMr-, ifasn some aoond from the dwbmt aOlsge BasW tssU fcinUy audible through tbe atataess of oon. Trying te laugh aa ins fancy, I beat rer my wart, v/heo again -he oamsneind me, nd with auch force that toy putee boundea — felt H— and I hardly dared to Eft my eyes, at they should rest upon atnne homTito-a»og. hat bad noissleady crept anon saet 1-did. oweter.look op, and the quiet sumfcine end he glowinf flowers seemed to rebuke my eenee ''Tbis'is too absurd r I aa'-d aloud, and MknpmyneneB. Bat ones morel seemed to Bd the soproach of the fear j and. this chne, rithoot waiting fork. I jompei fnm mr^sat rith .sort of cry, took to my heels, and never topped tai T arrived breatMeje in the bouw' -I did not, till saoeeedmg eveola maedkai to ive a «od of sienmcance of this adventBre, ell it to mv husband. I knew I was a nsrvooa ittb thin^'and that he knew it ; and feared ' hat the neat result would beaeoursaof tomm, rbirh I bste.' Extract from the diary of Colonel BUartsn, Lugustfith, 1S35.— ' lti.,cerhunly.a»ioCTlar OTse! The odd sounds that, after the resiieua f only a day or two, I bsean to h-ar. beeome m frequent. I hare hhtorto been able to onraal them from Edith, resterday. it heeame mpoesiblo. 'We were sitting in the small steay. « Inlf- isatnine in die evening, lie windows mr» losed, and the door (leading into the bsH) wido ''^We wen both reading, arheu ire distinctly leant «Io-, measured twtottps emu the hall. oaiinE. an it seemei, tram the dining-room — ben suddenly appeared to sound mom distant. opposing it to be the batter, merely wondered vhy hevtayed in tbe ban. Finding, however. hat all was again auent, I took a candle and ixamioed every room. All an» quiets the ae doors elitrr. A servant eonring to 'emore ea, we asked who bad been anovms aboat tbs ull, and received for annrer that coooe,ssnn noe frdock. had qoitted the supper table in the - errant.' hall. My wife, who was eatbing neaiaW neon the sofa, nestled a lMe closer, but gave 10 oeber indiesxion of alarm.' Mrs. ElderWn brieflr n*cei tUa ineident in vritingtoliertraend,-hen|lsiurFon toaaothcr -t a moTe starting character. ' About two in tbe morning of tbjs ISth, n bed, wnxTths exdaanluu tint an attempt aaa being made upon the house! I vjaunated him not to go down alone, bat to ring first tor tbe butler,, woo, that night, banpened to Imn thepistola. We at that time slept in the drafr room, west wing. » I bad, tnTsetf, heard nottnug, bebu soond Bleep ;botiBr hmhsnd told me that tke Cot noue that surprised him was the violent ahakus; 3f the hall door; then of the windows, of the mom below; after which a voice distinctly laid, 'Hurt!' tbe 'ah,' which was much pro looked, being taken up, like a watchword, by aaolher/faash.'andthatbyanolher.asifihehonaa were surrounded. The noises thereupon ceased ; and, on examination below, nothing wai foand to throw any light on the distarbance, ' Daring that autumn we frequently bend footatepi pass our door at night, sanwitimrae accompanied by tbe rostling of a silken dress ; also noise below, as though fumitiire wen befog moved about InrarisUr, if either of at were awake at two or three o'clock, we heard a round as of a large chest violently tfarown down. sometimes once, but more frenuonUy two or three timu. We tried in vain to detect the origin of this sound. ' IcaoMaredvaoeoantforthe indiflerencewiUi which we cot, at least, to regard thesesmoswal ?oings. But growing more and more f»--J to the place, which was beeouuat, a teal little oaradise aider our hands, we were loath indeed to confess the reality of anything to its discredit. It was only when the daytime noises were too loud that we cared to interfere. I ban again and again ascribed them to the serrants and gone upstairs to requeattbem to be more quiet; yet I found the doors all shut, and no one in Hie rooms, or on the stairs. And yet tje noises had made the chandelier vibrate.' Colonel Eldcrtoo's ditrr in September .- ' Bat for my little wife's pluck, I would, an her account; eH' op this blessed house at once, rhese mysterious doings annoy and enrage an. I cannot in the least divine their source. 'Finding that the auk-grown nulling was of almost nigbtly occurrence, £ laid a tap lest night for the intruder, stretching a bit of black s3k right across the palace. I did this without my wife's knowledge, sal knew I should have to keep awake tfll one or tan in the nomine, aan did not wish bar toabses my v%a. ? A little before two I was eousoos of tbe approach of the light pattering atep—Uke that of a woman to sKppcra which was always Erst heard. Then came the anken rustle, actnally bru-hinr our dour. ?How, «ay lady, we ahaU see!1 thought I. Getting quietly up. and safAt' opened thedoor. with oar veuleuse for . isW I ascertained that the eaken thread, rintoasa about two leet iann the noaoA. nmsined an tonched* -Sept SJru.— HaJaeweB -tbe botisr) has given warning. He was my beat alb/,, indefatigable in trying to trace out the cane of these alarms. Uu reason far learins snu inaofBoient. The servants 'chuff' him aa to some suppose! saasmbauaj between the gbostbj footatrpssndtnsovm' Beedmitttd, however, that tfasTv^aometbing else, srhicj. he could never tell me anM I bad rcsolnsd to quit this - iraidence.' ' *? Mrs Elderton to her friend, in contfauatijo : 'In November, after the departure of our botler. Haleewdl. who had bean very bold and watchful, the noises increased, « the servants oedared, nth a sort of macking imitation of Hslsoweire step. «nd manner of opening and i dosing doors, as be mind ?boot tbe bone. ; 'One day, at hair-past one. smSe I was I reading in my drtssing-rooni. baring had to I remam upstairs Cor a day or two from itlnMa, I was started by hewing peooje moving abooi in a noisy manner on die ema'i landing bdsa- ; then load screams. I rang tbe beU sharply, then opaied the door. Nothing we. visible; but I beard a raict aay, ' Hnah— «h,' three cental tram, beoming at each repetition more distant, and eeeming to float in; in ? moaner which I cannot describe. 'I think it was on Cbe following aught that I waa awakened by aloud noise, aa of a penon walking »erj he.ri'y on the Undine below, or in one of the adjacent rooms. I never heard anch walking before. It waa, ao to spetk, a fpaatTawalk. and aeemed to shake th« home from one end to tin other. We had had for eomedayoa. potieemao in tie borne at tuebt, and, rooting my bjuband, I bagged him to call the man. Before be mold 4ea*e -be mom, we hoard the sound of a desperate struggle on the that onr watchman bad at lad pounced upon the intruder. Cubhert dashed off to bia assist ance. All waa atill and empty! Tbe police man, whom Cuthbert met quietly going hit nonda. bad beard no ''—ml aound.' Aa the djPtnrbanoo! at Holwyeh eootmued steadily to intmate, and had become notoriona, Oolooel Elderam retactantly resnlved to lean ; lint, before eammenoinc prepmratiaittv naoirad tram th» umiu nlannti of wbatenr of a remarkable nature they h«d eererally ootieed. This prodnoed a maaa of teatimonr, which, makioc every deduction, baa probably no parallel in die history of ?? haunted hone ' of 'it ebooH be meuboMd Hot, daring tbe batter, groom, and thnTmaidirbad left, dim. pntfaala. bat really — a« it now appeared from the* U6 |jelud anntvanoe canaed by the uuar e-nidablraoan4a.G»me^igh-;botatepii-DOaH (eoustantlv recurring) late ? chileTa cable e doora ?track and htodles tamed; wands of toaamg about boxe* and iurnilm» ; eantsgee driving op the eamep when none wen there; rustle of aOk'; acreama s a n- heard to aay distinctly, « All w troe ;' and. finally, a auuud of very peenliar cbsneter, compounded of a hiia and whiz, which waa of alomat da3y oecnrreooB, and, eommenc ing a« described, tennnnted in the won) ?fHuabf* distinct, prolonged1, and invariably taken up try voices mm and more dntaat, 131 they became inaudible. Oneofdaaaeabrtementa, eoppBed by Louisa Berate, one of (be maid.. wDlaernnaapecunen: — 'I waa four months ander^toasemsid at Holsrycn. During the whole time I wa« annoyed by tbe strangest disturbance. I slept with a fellow-servant abon the kitchen. One night, tot late, we beard walking and talking bolow. It lasted an boar. We did no' recognise either, etep or voice. In the morning I spoke to the nat about it, but every ooe denied baring been in the kitchen at alL They did not tall me (I had not bom long armed) that the bouse ana aaid tobehanoted. After that I became aeenstamed to stranee noises, bat what happened later determined at to- bare. « I waa awakened one night by a cold hand touching my face, and. loakhar. 'P. aaw a mj taUtrare by my bed»id-, with anarm extended. I said, 'twin know what it is, or I'll raise the bocnef when the 6gnre mond towards the window and vanished. My companion aaw it aha. Ne» day we were allowed to change oor room, bat I waa uncomfortable after thia, and left.' KeeoUeeting that the butler, g.lei.rll. who bad loft, bad ofiVred farther testimony in tbe «acnt of tbe bouse brio* giring up. Colonel Rlderton wrote to him, announcing hia intnded depsr'nre, and nerind the alateiiiriit herein after given. Bat. in the meantime, the follow ins atnnge incident occurred to tbe eolooel himadf. Bt was wrHim; letters in tin breakfast-room one forenoon, when a step came along tbe passage towards the open door. To ewe tbe trouble of turning to see who wae about to enter, he lookal in the mirror juat opporito, and aaw sTerytallman. in a long yellow coat of eome coarse material, and with his bat on; standing in tbft doorway. \- Well, woo are yon, my man? What do you want here f' was tfce nitnral question. Without reply I be man extended bis arm, aa pointing to tbe garden, and, abiding across the room, passed through the window (opening to the ground) into tbe gvdeo. ' A cool band, whoenr yon are!' exclaimed tbe colonel, and, eurtine up. at once followed -the intruder, whom be n on the point of onr takbvjiut as the latter turned tbe antie of a ebrubberr, and entered tbe annue of walnut uses, hading to 'he alcove before described. Hardly aeeeondbad elapsed, yet the walk was vacant. The man had disappeared ! Tbe colonel rubbed his eyes in amazement. Up to that moment no idea of «he supernatural bad occurred to him. He bad heard the man's step, and obwmj Ms ieatmos in tb* mirror -they were those of at young and rather well looking man, with angularly large eyes) ; and a suspicion, prompted perhaps by tbe remarkable dress and manner, that be waa an escaped lunatic, had craved tbs colonels mind. There wasnoptseeofeaneaalnient elo-eatband.asn the ahrubt, which Colonel (Odertoo immediately foood at work near the slcore, been paaaed by '?B^nSng'to the bo«e. tbe colonel farad, letter tram matm-bndar, r» which, after raeapitn latlng a aerie, of diaarbanoes of thel kind already mentioned, which to tied bean radioed toattribxe to tlasans. nntah. found that at only was hsa'ailnr- perfectly aafc,butenry thing, to the amalleat article, nntoncbed, the writerdweUopon tbe pecahar wfairCTgwuad thatdsuy-«ay. aennJ times in a day-passed ^Ureoo^ tbroagh the room occupied fay the servants. At first bearing some resemblance to tbe passage of a bog* bird, though invi.iblf.it terminated in the distinct pronunciation of tbr word ' H,*r drawled out, and then tat™ op by another voice, and another, a* a watch word might be passed along a line of sentries Una sound — frrmoretbananyotbrr — distatrhed tbe bearera, and it waa always some minute* before equanimity was reatoied, and anyone felt disposed to oatt tbe room— alone. Knnagii- iattms,howenr,tbeb-itler declared his courage would have supported him, but for the occurrence he now, at bis late master** request, was about to relate. A little before do*, one day late in Aognst, he had occasion to pass tbronch a gallery on tbe basement, leading fa the eervante* hall, at one end of which stood a mangle, -or ra'ber p«eea, for die UWe-dotha in osc Before this pnsaa, as ifenmining it, stood a very tan man, dad in a long coat of yellow friete, with m. narrow peaked ho, (ram which long ban descended on hia ?houllen. At the question, *- HsOa ! What's that f' from the snrpriaed bottler, the man turned round, and ant toward, him. Tbe bntler t^en a-w that tbe visitor appeared to be of middle age, bad very large blue eye., and what afemed like s narrow rei scarf drawn across part of hi* fofe head. Wfthoatpaaflngforacmstanttbefifn-r rorrtanically ratendtoT iST armT*^ ha nnntterable amaBaawnt, they met with no resist ance, and galaeweH. ad if awakening from a drevn, f wod himself standing in the middle of the passage alone ! Notsntbatandhmthis inodent, tbe bolter was nloetant to oat hia master's service ; but f-ehne tustbaetotj,iftoM,TOiUritberbedbbtiricTed, or. if bebsved eTOrtly inereasa tbe alarmiaad annoyances to wlucli bia rniatreae iraa sxposed* he finally resolved to lease, as mentioned. ?* Bearins: mysterious noise. ; talking of ghosts. and probably droammj; of them, would aamly aeeouot for the gentlaman an friece admiring mv uWe-dotbj r thought the eolooel, aa he finished the letter. Bat on that very day arrived a very singular enrmbontion, and train a totally innVprarirnt Thad occasion, a day or two since,' wrote a f iend to bun, n to mention your name at a dinosr-party. ' as that Baderton. who ha* taken titlwyeh ICanskm, may I a-k? inquired a former ocenpant,' tbe .man laauuted, 'and I abould tnudb like, wr* your permission, to ask yoo ? question, at another moment, ncgaidinr its present condition. I ban beard that yonr friend baa excellent taste, and the sUce was certainly (nsceptiole of improrement-' Iaatented. Lstertbst evening we bad some talk. »nd the remit wae th« mttl note' I now endow. It daring jrar residence at Bolwvdi, nothing of a atrange and disturbing nature— incapable of ei planatian — has occurred, you mn -tarne«tiv reoneated -o dsetrOT the note unread: if it baa. open and compare a Sonar temnf a experience with your own.** The mtoud at once adopted tbe latter «nne. The note, passinc. snghflr over misceuaneous causes of diarorbsnee, gave a eonds', but dear, deacriptionoftbe perpetual ' haahran,' and of several eppearanors of the man in yellow frieie, with tbe peaked bat and Luce bine eyes ! After tb» bnt little time was lost in prepara tion. But it waa not without regret thai the EUermns toned their backs on their cheap but ?racomforfaibis paradise. 'So it was not a ecbnol, attar all,' rennrked tbe eolooel, sstbey drove away. -Bute, that boy candidly warned at. it has its 'oAew!' What became of tbe 'hmbera' after the boose was polled down, to make room for rail way improvements. I do not know s but it is very certain that tbe EUettons were tbe last teusnta who ventnnd to share Holwych mansion with them.— ABtke Tear Boamd. 