\- - . == UNDER THE VERANDAH. ! : ' . V - : I w -1 think I can suggest a worthier ambition #of the "Victorian Education League" of Ballarat than the "preservation" of the present act. The principles embodied in the Act can onlv be preserved by its amend- ment. Education was made free and secu lar because it whs to be compulsory ; it is free and secular without being compulsory. Ja other words, we have . incurred enormous expense, and run the risk of an Irish war, without gaining the object for which we have to pay money and suffer abuse. An amendment of the present act is what the League should strive for— an amendment that would carry out the intentions of Parliament, and the wishes o£ the people ; that would drive into our State schools the poor little children that are still allowed to Tun about the street in droves, and that would give us value for our money, and fortitude to bear all the hard things Dean Slattery says about us. I hope the report to Parliament of the Minister of Education Will state the number of children attending State schools alone who did not comply with the compulsory clauses of the act by attend ing school for GO days during tho two last half-years, If so, it will- rather open the eyes of those who believe in the " preserve- tion" of the present system. I atn glad to see that the volunteer com mission ha3 accepted Mr. Service's advice, and admitted the press to their meetings. This is a gain in two points of view. First. The evidence being published as the investi gation goes on, the interest of the public will be kept alive in it, and advice and sug gestions din be offered to the commissioners that no doubt they will be happy to.receive. Second, and more important still, it will be the means of putting news in the papers. The dearth of news is something terrible. Newspaper writers, wander aljout the streets seeking what they may pick up, like the poor sheep on the plains of Riverina during a long drought. The meeting of Parliament will be tho blessed rain that , will refresh the thirsting souls of the pressmen of . Mel, bourne, but till that comes even the' light shower of a Royal Commission is very grate-: ful. If the evidence had been churlishly locked up till the xlose o? the inquiry;- ;Ii ' dread to think of the consequences. Some of my brethren might never have survived to read it! Mr. J.D. Wood holds a' general retainer on behalf oE the colony of Victoria, and lie considers himself slighted in not being given a V brief iu tbei Mount and MorriB appeal ease. He thinks that his past connection with the' colony, and his general retainer, to' say Vv nothing of his professional standing, gave hima claim to appear for us before the Privy Council, aud i have reason to believe that the cause of his not doing so will be fully in- ' quired into before long. It may be said that the grievance is only a personal one, but it has its interest for the general public. The etiquette of the profession prevented him, a3 the holder of a general retainer for the colony, from accepting in time a brief for the ex- prisonors. "And my belief is," said a legal friend, who talked the matter over with me, "that if Wood appeared for Mount and Morris, they 'would now be at liberty to walk down Collins-street with as little fear of the police as you or I have." Perhaps the ver dict of the public will be that under the cir cumstances it is just as well he;did'nt. ... ' The homoeopabhists have now a chance of getting justice. The hon. E. Cohen will be able to advocate their . cause in the com mittee of the Melbourne Hospital. Mr. Cohen has been for months the object of medical experiments, and the state of his health afforded at least one paragraph a week €o all the Melbourne papers. In the interest of paragraphists I regret to have to an nounce that Mr. Cohen is now getting rapidly weiL lie accuses a well-known homoeo pathic doctor of iuflictiug thi3 blow on the unhappy compilers of new3, and he is so selfishly pleased at the state of his health being no longer a matter of public interest that he goeSi about singing the praises of the medical heresy. This is the time for the ' homoeopathists to agitate for a ward at the hospital. They cau produce Mr. Cohen as an awful example of their success. .: I have been given an advertisement of a hanking company (limited), with a capital of £2,000,000, in which the name3 of the < directors, auditors and manager are printed in small type, while the valuerforthe county ;-x of Ripon and Borung, M. B. Carroll, Esq., Ararat, is given in all the glory, of capitals us the great attraction the company has to 1 offer to depositoi'3 of £5 and upwards. This shows the faith that people have in representative institutions. If Miv Carroll had not been a member of Parliament, he would not probably have been considered an -attraction, and if his name appeared at all, it Would have been printed in small type like $he J.P.'s and M.D.'s . who formed the directory. It ia no wonder there is such a rush of candidates to fill the soat that M. B. Carroll, Esq., will probably soon have to resign. ' Adversity has exercised a salutary in- fluence on the Baron von Mueller. The Baron is getting modest ; he has refused ; honors ; ' he begins at . lost to entertain the possibility that he may not be all he once, thought 'himself. The Farmers' Club -\ it JSallarat proposedto make asort.of public ' ' f-dOttiOtoati'ation in his favor in return for a lecture that he means to deliver, to-them next month. But the Baron recognises the fact that , he may not be appreciated. He i says, pathetically "Mylecture may not 1 come up to your expectations, and you may be disappointed; " and he bargains that he may be allowed to leave immediately after he delivers it. Herein I think he shows his wisdom. There would be a constraint upon the party that would escort him over the , town after listening to his address. Con versation upon any other subject would be out of the question ; the Baron would be too full of it himself, and expect the far mers likewise to have mastered all his points. But in the end the Baron asserts himself. . "The complete ruin of my depart ment still continues," he says. That is touching; there "is a world of meaning in these simple words. "I am removed," was tho idea in his mind when he wrote them, " from the direction of affairs, and therefore ruin still continues." Some "facts" highly discreditable to the Victorian miner's character for enterprise have just been published, and it has been suggested that a few enterprising men from Nevada should be imported to teach our diggers how to pick . up the gold that lies under their feet. But the "facts" Upon which a Melbourne daily paper grounds a leading article condemnatory of our miners' character for energy, are the fancies of Mr. Brough Smyth. Mr. Smych has assumed the character of a diviner, and is ready- to point out areas as rich in gold as any that have yet been worked in the colony. He should get permission from the Minister of his department to place his services at the disposal of mining company promoters, who would soon give an impetus, if not to the production of gold, at lea3t to the production of scrip, that would bo as good to them. But the question would then arise, Would the public have the same innocent belief in the practical knowledge of Mr. Smyth that has been shown by the newspaper? My impression is that wo will be able to get our own gold without sending to Nevada ; . and that our miners are quite as likely to know where to look for it as Mr. Brough Smyth is to tell thetn. ! . If wo don't take care we will have the Spiritists declaring that their con. (sciences are. interfered with by the ad- ministration of justice, 1 as the Catholics are oppressed by the Education Act. Up in Kyneton the other day a man sought to shield himself with ghosts from paying a small debt for which he was summoned. He took a haunted house that the landlord couldn't lot to materialistic tena nts, and he burned a heap of firewood that he found, on the premises. When he was asked for pay- ment he scouted the idea. The wood was the property of the ghosts, with whom he shared the house, and he burned it as much for them as for himself. This was his de fence; and, iu the face of if, the beach made an order for the amount claimed and costs. It is quite clear that the conscience of the defendant was oppressed. The Spiritists should elect an archbishop, or at least a dean, to let the world know what they suffer. Judge Stephen, at the Assize Court at Dubbo last week, had to request the jury "to leave off munching apples and listen to him." . But that disrespect was not so bad as. a juryman showed to a Supreme Court judge in this colony not very long ago. When his Honor commenced his charge, the foreman of the jury, on whom ho had fixed his eyes, oalmly and deliberately, in view of the whole court, winked at him. The judge tried not to notice the insult, and turned his eyosaway to the other members of the jury. But it was in vain, there was a horrible fasci nation about the foreman that compelled him to meet his glance, and every time he looked he wa3 winking and making faces. The audible titters in the court at last forced him to viudicato the dignity of his position. " If you are not more respeotful, Sir," said he, "I will commit you for contempt." The foreman winked at this so absurdly that even the pri soner in: the dock burst out laughing. " Your conduct is'disgraceful, Sir," said the judge. '" I will adjourn the court for twenty- four hours, and send you to gaol for that time." The unfortunate juryman just spoke in time to save himself. He was subject to a nervous complaint, which, whenever, he became excited, manifested itself in these facial contortions, Hi3 very anxiety, to follow the judge made him wink, and he had not the slightest idea of disrespect. .His Honor brought his charge to an untimely con clusion, and the sheriff received instructions never to sammon the winker again. One of my earliest recollections is hearing a loud-voiced man on one side of a street chanting a striug of riddles to a man on the other side, whose duty and interest it was to bellow back the answers. The questioner would.wake the echoes by demanding, in a voice of thunder, " Can you tell me, sir " — and here tho riddle would follow. His con federate wpukl outbawl liim with " Why, sir, because" — and here he would give the answer. They did this for the purpose of selling the book3 of conundrums with which they were laden. But why the Bishop of Sydney and ' the Rev. Canon King should arrange a series of questions'and answers, and cliftufthem backwards arid forwards to each other; at. the Church of England Synod, is more than- 1 am able to say. " Can yon tell me, my. lord," sings the Rev. Canon King, "if yok are the spiritual superior of: the Bishop of ,f -Melbourne ?" " Why, sir, of cOjijfea'T am;" answers back his confederal?. "Can you account, my lord, "asks the cation, " for his daring to sunder his diocese with out your permission?" "No, sir, I can't," cries the -bishop, "I'm utterly at a loss to understand it." It would take two columns to give all the questions and answers, so my readers will excuse me. But I would like to know why the bishop and canon concerted them. Do they expect to ' sell them at a penny a sheet ? Ha3 the Episcopalian Church of New South Wales fallen so low as that ? If not for profit, for what purpose were the questions given and answered ? Printers have sometimes made queer sen tences out of things I have written by the alteration of a word or two ; but it never was my lot to be " set up" by such a genius as they have on a newspaper in New Zealand. The theatrical reporter in writing a critique, said : — ' ' When her lover became cognisant of the extent of clay there was in the idol he had worshipped-' &c.; ; but the printer changed the italicised words to "the idiot he had horsewhipped." Before condemning the man, though, I'd like to sse the copy. Not even the spirit who is popularly sup posed to wait on printers could set some writers up correctly. An up-country police magistrate, Who is accused, by rumor, of unduly favoring one of the legal gentlemen practising at his court, was told by good-natured friends that stories were flying about impugning the fairness of his decisions. He worked himself into a state of burning indignation, and raved in the public room of the hotel he stopped at of what he would do if he caught any of the slanderers. "I'd pitch any man neck and crop out of that window that 1 knew said it!" he cried, to a room full of people. "Well," said a squatter, who had just lost a case in which the P. M.'s friend ap peared against him, " I said it for one, and I believe it." The squatter stood 6 ft. 4 in. in his boots, and his Worship, looking at him, determined to be merciful. He neither pitched him out of the window nor other wise ill-treated him, but instead, took the first convenient . opportunity of beating a retreat. ; Moral A man should always make himself acquainted with the fighting . weight of a person he intends throwing, out of a window. A few years ago it fell to my lot to have to walk with a lady between the hours of three and four o'clock in the afternoon along the sotith side of Collins- street, and under that particular verandah which is always- pre fixed with what Dr. Morell calls " the dis tinguishing adjective— The." The lady did not like the ordeal through which she passed, and she registered a vow that she has kept ever since, to walk only on the other side of the street. This week I met her again at the-same hour, just . opposite to the old.haunt ; when she said, with the innocence of her sex, and a total unconsciousness of satire:— "Oh, I'm so glad you horrible brokers have gone somewhere else to do business. There's positively not one man Under the Verandah now. Where have you all gone to ?" I was unable to tell her ; but an old identity, to whom I propounded her question, answered, in an emphatic mono syllable; The very, existence of the place that he -suggested being in doubt, I refrain from mentioning it. But, bad as it may be, it cannot be worse than the Verandah' of to-day. Hood says that— . . , f\ Evil's ott wrought i>y want of .thought ' As w.ll as by want of heart ; " but a clever railway official has lately shown that evil may likewise be wrought by taking too much thought. -' A gentleman was sendt ing some fragile property in a box by train, and he impressed on the clerk in the booking office tho necessity of puttiug on the label, "This Bide up — with care." When the box arrived at its destination its contents were found to be in a state of smash, , and an investigation proved that the damage was caused by an excess of zeal on the part of the booking clerk. To make assurance doubly sure, he had not only put one label on the top of the box, bat had stuck another on the bottom. A dummy is not a nice member of society; and a treacherous dummy who will hire him self out to swindle the public and then cheat his employer instead is not a man that one can pat on the back with anything ' like satisfaction. Nevertheless, we should be pleased when we see the dummy turn round on his master, and for this reason I hope that his brethren will follow the example of the man I heard of to-day. A Melbourne brewer,' who is the proprietor of at least fifty public-houses, in all of which his dilnted fusel oil is retailed, put a dummy iu to manage one for him. But the dummy was a bad bargain. He had the daring assuarnce to want to sell other beer and spirits than his employer's, and in "holy anger and pious grief" the brewer resolved upon putting him out. But here there was a slight hitch. The man could be put out, bat the little formality of transferring his licence to his successor conld .only be managed with hiB consent. For this he made the brewer pay £100, and al though it was treachery, it was an example that it would be well if others followed. If dummies could not be depended on 'they wouldn't be employed. \- ATTICUS. 