ADVENTURES AT THE BOTTOM OP THE SEA. In the Gentleman's Magazine for June, the writer of "An E\rening Avith Captain Boyton" gives from the lips of that courageous " toiler in the deep" some marvellous tales of what he has gone through m some of his diving operations. We select two : — " Once, Avhen I Avas diving in the Delaware Bay, a little old paring of a man came no and afked me if T liplipvpii in enirifnnl ism. I said, 'Not much.' He said if I Avould go doAvn and see him, he'd show me by spiritual-- ism Avhere I could find a treasure-ship. When I got there, and we'd had supper, and a liquor or two, he reached down his chavts and diagrams and asked me if I Avas ready to listen. Then the knocks came as lie pointed out along the map, and -such a lively row that I half began to be lieve him. I got bitten at last Avith the idea that the spirits meant it, and I said for fifty dol lars a clay I'd throAV in Avith the other Avorld and see if Ave could raise something. HoAvever, that Avas too much. The old spiritualist Avould only give me tAventy-five dollars, so at last we settled all that, I to have part of any treasure recovered. We started down the bay the next mo: ring, the old gentleman carrying a shipload of mouldy charts. At 2 in the afternoon we got sounding, and touched at about eighty feet. Then I got the armour on and slipped overboard. The bot tom Avas blue mud, swept as clean by the Avater as a log hut floor or pine planks. I signalled, after looking all round carefully, and came up! The felloAV Avas death-terrible disappointed Avhen I told him ' Nothing down there !' We tripped the anchor and ran a little Avay under the Dela ware shore. This time I found a grey sand bot tom, very firm, but bare as the back of my hand. After examining right about eAreiy Avay, I came up, and said I wouldn't go doAvn again that day. At 10 next morning I dropped over again, but it was evident from the way the current swept the bottom that a Avreck couldn't haAre laid there. The old man looked so cut up when I told him, that I determined to make another try. I got the pump put into a small boat and rowed OArer a likely place where I meant to drop. There Ave let go the anchor, and down I Avent. About 3 o'clock I came against something that made me feel excited. By J ehoicks ! I thought, that's her. I felt so all-fired rich at the mount ; I seemed to OAvn creation. I'd a notion I Avould go up and get 50 dollars a day, making fresh terms Avith the old man ; ' but Avhen I looked closer and saAv it Avas really the hull of the old treasure-ship, just as the old spiritualist had described her, I jumped so Avild-lively at once that I could only signal to go up. As soon as I could get my head out of tho water I yelled, ' IVe got her.' The old man Avas wonderfully excited. He promised every body fabulous presents. I got a block rigged, and a chain-line run from it, and Avent down Avith an adze and a shovel. I dug a good Avay about the wreck, cut a grooAre round the bow Avith the adze, rigged the line to it, and gaAre the signal to haulaway. It was so deeply imbed ded that nothing seemed to stir it. As I stood and looked at the strain on the rope, I could not help thinking what a tremedous Aveight of trea1 sure Avas keeping it down. Suddenly they let go the anchor and stood doAvn the stream Avith the wind and the current. Then she gave a relight move and a tremble all over. I stepped back to.be out of the. way: SI oavIv the great piece of old bow rose out of the sar.d, and then my feelings dried up completely. I saw the timber Avas only part of a drift wreck, sounded all round, but there Avas only sand. It had come down s.'.ream and lodged there, and I went up sloAver than I came down — a feAv. When I told the old man, there was part of a scene flying round. He threw up his arms and went into the cabin and cried like a ohild. I never sailed across him again.1!. The second is of a more perilous charaoter " One of my expeditions Avas among the silver banks of the Antilles — the loveliest place I eArer saw, Avhere the white coral grows into curious tree-like shapes. As I walked along the bottom it seemed if I Avas in a frosted forest. Here and there trailed long fronds of green and crimson sea-Aveed. Silver-bellied fish flashed about among the deep brown and purple sea-ferns, Avhich rose as high as my head. Far as I oould see all round in the transparent Avater were different coloured leaAres, and on the floor piles of shells so bright in colour that it seemed as if I had stumbled on place where they kept a stock of broken rainboAvs. I could not Avork for a bit, and had a quarter determination to sit doAArn awhile and wait for a mermaid. I guess if those sea-girls live anywhere they select that spot. After walking the inside out of half an hour I thought I had better get to . Avork and blast for treasure. A little bit on from Avhere I sat AArere the remains of a treasure ship. It Avas a Britisher, I think, and corals had formed all about her, 01 rather about Avhat Avas left of her. The coral on the bottom and round her showed black spots. . That meant a deposit of either iron or silver. I made fairly good hauls every time I Avent down, and sold one piece I found to Barnum of NeAv York. . After I left there I had a curious adventi re with a shark. I was down on a nasty rock-bot'om. A man neArer feels comfortable 011 them ; he can't tell what big creature may be hiding under the huge quarter deck sea leaves Avhich groAAr there. The first part of the time I Avas A'isited by a porcupine fish, Avhieli kept sticking its quills up and bob bing in front of my helmet. Soon after I saAv a big shadoAv fall across me, and looking up, there Avas an infernal shark playing about my tubing. It makes you feel chilly in the back when they are about. He came down to me slick as I looked up. I made at him, but he sheered off. For nearly an hour he Avorked at it, till I could stand it no longer. If you can keep your head leArel it's all right, and you're pretty safe if they are not on you sharp. This ugly bnite was 20 feet long I should think, for Avhen I lay all my length down on the bottom, he stretched a con siderable way ahead of me, and I could see him beyond my feet. Then I waited. They must turn over to bite, and mv Ivine- doAvn bothered him. He swam OArer three or four times, and then skulked off to a big thicket of sea-Aveed to con sider. I knew he'd come back when he'd set tled his mind. It seemed a long Avhile waiting for him. At last he came a'iciously over me, but like the time before, loo far foi my arms. The next time I had my chaaice, and ripped him with my knife as neatly as I could. A shark always remembers that pressing business requires his presence elseAvliere after six inches of steel have been surveying his kidneys, and so it Avas with this specie of the small fry. As soon as he re ceived the all-fired blade, he turned a flip-flap, opened his jaws sarcastically, rolled up his big eyes like two Venetian shutters, and sucked bis teeth as though lie had been a kind of a disap pointed — some. Away he travelled, leaving be hind him a track of sanguinary liquid, which, made me imagine that he Avould see snakes in a little less than liaf 'nour if he Avent on leaking in that style. It is the custom of these animals to follow up the track of blood, so I saw three mighty shadows pass ; and I thought it was the shadow of Old Nick, vrho might be coming up to tell me, as I was doAvn so low, and just on the boundary of his territory, to take off my toggery before I entered liis magazine, else some of his colleagues might get a kind of a flight, and set fire to the fuel before he himself could get out of the road. But, no ; it Avasn't him. It Avas three cussed animals of that shark's OAvn kind, only a ship larger.- On they travelled, as quick as any locomotive going at the rate of 60 miles to the hour or more, and didn't look north, south, nor east, but kept their figurehead hard-up west. Just as I was thinking all was quiet, and tame as a Boston hoss, and that I would go up and hear a\rhat the mate had to say 'bout himself, there came to my ears the sound of a fearful commo tion betAveen something, and the water began to dance like a nigger under the " cat." I looked straight out befor me, and I never ssav such a 6cene in my life. There were these three sharks sinking their teeth into the back of the one that wanted to do the same to me. He fought like a . devil for his life, and holloAved like one, too. At last his big cousin let go the painter of the at tacked one, and swam aAvay with one end of it in his mouth. When he had unravelled 50 feet from the attacked one's belly, I thought the lat ter would say, "All's slack," but instead of that his mate took hold of it and unraArelled about the same amount, after which, tlie one I tickled began to shake, and appeared to be top-heavy. As soon as the third saAv this, a fourth dark shadoAv sprang on liim and fastened him under the beard. He very soon gave up the ghost after this attack. And then there Avas a banquet. at Avhich, all shapes and sizes attended. I was soon hauled to the top, not at all sorry to leave-, the vicinity of such monstrous, and unequalled in size cannibals. The Baron Von Sanden of Melbourne has been sentenced to a term of 3 years' imprisonment each on 7 different charges. A gentleman distinguished as a sarcastic of no mean order, on being told that a Avell-known iron-master of GlasgoAv had given £500,000 to the church of Scotland, and being asked what he thought of that, " he thought it was the high est premium offered against fire he had ever known." The donor was a profane man. A provincial contemporary (says the DispatcTi) states that there are at the present time driving cabs in the London streets, an ex-M.P., and a late governor of the Bank of England, a late fellow of" a Cambridge eollege, and a clergyman Avho Avas recently a respondent in a divorce suit. If these gentlemen retain the manners and the habits of the circle from which they have fallen they ought to produce a good effect upon the language and the behaviour which frequently prevail among cabmen. The clergyman Avho was recently in the Divorce Court may possibly still remember that " a little leaven leavens the Avhole lump." In the Victorian Independent the Rev. J. J. Halley, late of Ballarat, noAv in England, says : — " Surely the Argus knows, or ought to know, that Mr. Moody returned the Baroness Burdett- Coucts' cheque for £1000, and that he has re fused all money offers in England. The Secre tary at Liverpool told me that cheques for hun dreds of pounds Avere sent to Mr. Moody when there, that he always either returned tliem, or, if allowed, endorsed them over to the expense fund ; and, more than this, the royalty received for hymn and tune books, Avhich must be immense — and which without a doubt Mr. Mpody and Mr. Sankey liaAre a right to, as much right as the writer in the Melbourne Argus to the half guinea he got for his mendacious article — is paid to a London Merchant as trustee, to be used for Christian work. At not a single service through out the land has a CQllection been made or money taken for tickets, or money asked for." The Roma Western Star, of the 11th instant, says : There is a nice little game being played in taking up enormous tracts of country in this fair Queensland of ours Avhich was never con templated by the frainers of the Land Bill. " The land of poor Bourke and Wills" seems to be the faAroured spot. The " oracle" is worked thus ; Mr. — — takes up say, tAventy-eight or thirty blocks of prime country capable of carrying some 8000 head of cattle. Now, these several blocks will haAre to be declared stacked with the re quired quantity ; but by a little clever manipu lation the thing is done with only one small lot of cattle. On the time arriving Avben, say No. 1 block is to be declared stocked, Mr. ,the possessor of some 400 head of cattle, driAres them on, and makes the necessary declaration. Now, No. 2 block is to be declared stocked. On goes the same lot of cattle ; No 3 block ditto ; and so on till the Avhole twenty-eight or thirty blocks are declared stocked, the same 400 head doing duty for some thousands. In some instances a team of Avorking bullocks are pressed into the service. The result is that Mr. retains thou sands of square miles of splendid country, under some little misrepresentation on his part. In the cattle returns of the colony he is returned for thousands where hundreds only exist. The legi timate squatter is -prevented from taking up country, unless he " shells out" to the fortunate holder of the more-than- he-is-entitled-to country to the tune of thousands of pounds. All thismav neArertheless, be right and O. K., but it smacks "muchly" (Artemus Ward) of the Russian con tractors. Avith this difference : No arrangements are made with any - official ; Mr. nets the Avhole proceeds. —j— —ii an 1 Glen Innes. — Printed and published by Henry Cleve St. Vincent, for the Proprietors, Vincent Bros., at their Office, Grey-slxeet Gl$n Innes. 