? L CHAPTER V. THE MYRTLE ROOM. ? A broad, square window, with small panes olid dark sashes; dreary yellow light, glimmerijig through the dirt of half a century, crusted oju the glass; purer rays striking across the dimness through tlio fissures of three broken ipnes ; dust floating upward, pouring downward, rolling smoothly round and round in the still atmosphere; lofty, bare, faded red walls; chairs in confusion, tables placed awry; a tall blacjt bookcase, with au open door half dropping from its hinges ; a pedestal, with a hbkeu bust lying in fragments at its feet; a coiling darkened by stains, a floor whitened by dust!—such was the aspect of the Myrtle Itoom when Rosamond first entered it, leadiug her husband by the liand. • After passing the doorway, she slowly advanced a few steps, and then stopped, waiting with every sense on the watch, with every faculty strung up to the highest pitch of expectation—waiting in the ominous stillness, in tho forlorn solitude, for the vague Something which the room might contain, which might rise visibly before her, which might sound audibly behind her, which might touch her 011 a sudden from above, from below, frofij either side. A minute, or more, she breathlessly waited; and nothing sounded nothing touched her. The silence and the solitude had their secret to keep, and kept it She looked round at her husband. His face, so "quiet and composed at other times,-expressed doubt and uneasiness now. His disengaged hand was outstretched, and moving backwards and forwards and up and down, in the vain attempt to touch something which might enable him to guess at the position in which he was placed. His look and action, as lie stood in that new and strange sphere, the mute appeal which he made so sadly and so unconsciously to his wife's loving help, restored Rosamond s self-possession by recalling her heart to the dearest of all its interests, to the holiest of all its cares. Her eyes, fixed so distrustfully, but the moment before, on the dreary spectacle of neglect and ruin which spread-around them, turned fondly to her husband's face, radiant with the unfathomable brightness of pity and love. She bent quickly across him, caught his outstretched aim, and pressed it to his side. " Don't do that, darling," she said, gently; I don't like to see it. It looks as if you liad forgotteil that I was with you—as if you were left alono and helpless. What need have you of your sense of touch, when you have got me? Did you hear me open the door, Lenny I Do you know that we are in the Myrtle Room f " What did you sec, Rosamond, when you opened the door ? What do you see now ?" He asked those questions rapidly and eagerly, in a whisper. " Nothing but dust and dirt and desolation. The loneliest moor in Cornwall is not so lonelylooking as this room; but there is nothing to alarm us, nothing (except one's own fancy) that suggests an idea of danger of any kind." " What made you so long before you spoke to me, Rosamond V " I was frightened, love, on first entering the room—not at what I saw, but at my own fanciful ideas of what I might see. I was child enough to be afraid of something startling out of the walls, or of something rising through the floor; in shoft, of I hardly know what I have got over those fears, Lenity, but a certain distrust of the room still clings to me. Do you feel it?" " I feel something like it," ho ' replied, uneasily, " I feel as if the night that is always before my eyes was darker to mo in this place than iu any other. Where are wo standing 'now V " Just-inside the door." "Dons the floor look safe to walk onf He tried it suspiciously with his foot-as he put the question. • " Quite safe," replied Rosamond. "It would never support tho furniture that is on it, if it was so rotten as to be dangerous. Com 0 across the room with mo, and try it." AVitli these words she led him slowly to tho window.. " Tho air seems as tf it was neare.r to me," he said, bending his face forward towards the lowest of the broken panes. " What is before usn(nvT She told liim, describing minutely the size and appearance of th<5 window. He turned from it carelessly, as if thftt part of the room had no interest for him. Rosamond still Ungated near tho window, to try if "she could feel a .breath'of tho outor atmosphere. Tfceiv. was e momentary silence, which, was broktti by lib Inisbaud. • ' - Wlikt 3 Vbe ,,) yoXdoii^ WH'' 1 ask, "1 iookiug out at -ouo of the broken v t jaiies of glass, and trying to get some air,' 1 l answered Rosamond. i The shallow of tho tyouee is below me, vesting on the lonely garden; but there is no coolness breatliing up from it I see the tall weeds rising straight and still, and the tangled wild-flowers interlacing tliem-, selves heavuy. There is a tree near me, and tho leaves look as if they were all struck motionless. Away to the left, there is a peep of white sea and tawny sand quivering in tho yellow heat. There are no clouds ; there is something threatening in the sky, and the earth seems to know it!" " But the room ! the room !" said Leonard, dtawing her aside from the window. "Never mind the view; tell me what the room is like, exactly what it is like. I shall not feel easy about you, Rosamond, if you don't describe everything to me just as it is." My darling ! You know you can depend on my describing everything. I am only doubting where to begin, and how to make sure of swing for you, what you arc likely to think most worth looking at Here is an old ottoman against the wall—the wall whero the window is. I will take off my apron, and dust the seat for you; and then you can sit down, and listen comfortably while I tell you, before we think of anything else, what the room is like, to begin with. First of all, I suppose, I must make you understand how large it is t" " Yes, that is the first thing. Try if you can compare it with any room tliat I was familiar with, before I lost my sight." Rosamond looked backwards and forwards, from wall to wall—then went to the fire-place, and walked slowly down the length of tlie room, counting her steps. Pacing over tho dusty floor with a dainty regularity and a childish satisfaction in looking down at the gay pink rosettes on her morning shoes; holding up her crisp, bright muslin dress out of the dirt, and showing the fanciful embroidery of her petticoat, and tlie glossy stockings that fitted her little feet and ankles like a second skin, she moved through the dreariness, the desolation, the dingy ruin of the scene around her, the most charming living contrast to its dead gloom that youth, health, and beauty could present. Arrived at the bottom of the room, she reflected a little, and said to her husband :— " Do you remember the blue drawing-room, Lenny, in your father's house at Long Beckley ? I think this room, is quite as huge, if not " What arc the walls like ?" asked Leonard, placing his hand on the wall behind him while he spoke. " They arc covered with paper, are they not?" " Yes; with faded red paper, except on one side, where strips have been torn ofl'and thrown on the floor. There is wainscoting round tho walls. It is cracked in many places, and has ragged holes in it, which seem to have been made by the rats and mice." " Arc there any pictures 011 the walls ?" " No. There is an empty frame over tho fire-place. And, opposite—I mean just above where I am standing now—there is a small mirror, cracked in the centre, with broken branches for candlesticks projecting oji either side of it. Above that, again, there is a stag's head and antlers; • some of the face has dropped away, and'a perfect maze of cob webs is stretched . between the horns. On the other walls there ! are, large nails, with more cobwebs liauging down from them heavy with dirt—but no pictures anywhere. Now you know everything about the walls. What is the next thing? The floor1" " I think, Rosamond, my feet have told wo already what the floor is like?" " They may have told you that it is bare, dear; but I can tell you more than that It _ slopes down from every side towards the" middle of the room. It is covered thick with dust, which is swept about—I suppose by the wind blowing through the broken panes—into strange, wavy, feathery shapes tliat quite hide ' the floor beneath. Lenny! suppose these boards should be made to t&ke; up any where J If we discover nothing, to-day, we will "have them swept to-iuongow. In the nijeantiuie, I " must go 011 telliug you abotft the toom, smuet < < I not T You know already what the size of it • • is, what tho wiiidow is like, what the walls - are like, what the floor is like. .. Is them aixytliing else before we come to the furaitjfrot •>• O, yes! the ceiling—for it if so )iigh, There < are great * cracks and stains from < one «nd to • tho other, and the . piaster has como away iu • patches in some places.- The centre ornaipent seems to be mi^do of .alternate ('tQWfl.ofiteDbalL' plaster, cabbages and large plaster; lozenges. I Two -kits, of |phain hang down' from thd imuHllo, which, J suppose, ptico-h$4 $ ohftnpUJtot. mffllife * eormoe is so dingy that ,1 pm h^dly fcdlwhaf patten it rppresept®. ,*It 39, very teo&df; an8v heavy, and foo^ insome^kps &8-ifiitjhifo Qwbeen c#oure4>^f"sl thi$£s all I o&fa.;'say. i u Thoroughly, my iovo! I have the same dear piotutO of it inmy soi&d; which yon stony* Ht oil giwi mo of everything you see. You need w$ste no more time on me. We may now devote ourselves to the purpose for which we came here.*' At those lust words, the smile which had been dawning on Rosamond's foce when he husband addressed her, vanished from it in a pioment. She stole close to his side, and, bending down over liiui, with her arm on his shoulder, said, in low, whispering tones :— " When wo had the other room opened, opposite the landing, we began by examining the furniture. We thought—if you remember —that the mystery of the Myrtle Room might 1)6 connected with hidden valuables that had been stolen, or hidden papers that ought to have been destroyed, or hidden stains and traces of some crime, which even a chair or a table might betray. Shall we examine the furniture here 1" " Is there much of it, Rosamond ?" " Mow thau there was in the other room," she answered. " More than you can examine in one morning r « No; I tlnnk not." "Then begin with the furniture, if you have no better plan to propose, I am but a helpless advisor at such a crisis as this: I must leave the responsibilities of decision, after all, to rest on your shoulders. Yours are the eyes that look, and the hands that search; and, if the secret of Mrs. Jazepli's reason for warning you against entering this room, is to be found by seeking in the room, you will find it " " And you will know it, Lenny, as soon as it is found. I won't hear you talk, love, as if. there was any difference ljetween us, or any superiority in my position over yours. Now, let mc see. What shall I begin with ? The tall bookcase opposite the window? or the dingy old writing-table, in the recess behind the fire-place? Those are the two largest pieces of furniture that I can sec in the room." " Begin with the book-case, my dear as you seem to have noticed that first." Rosamond advanced a few steps towards the book-case—then stopped, and looked aside suddenly to the lower end of the room. " Lenny! I forgot one thing, when I was telling you about the walls," she said. "There are two doors in the room besides the door we came in at. They art both in the wall to the right, as I stand now with my back to the •window. Each is at the same distance from the corner, and each is of the same size and appearance. Don't you think we ought to open them, and see where they lead to V' "Certainly. But are the keys in the locks r Rosamond* approached more closely to the doors, and answered in the affirmative. " Open them, then," said Leonard. " Stop ! not by yourself. Take me with you don't like the idea of sitting here, and leaving you to open those doors by yourself." Rosamond retraced her steps to the place •where he was sitting, and then led him with her to the door that was farthest from the window. "Suppose there should be some dreadful sight behind it!" she, said, trembling a little, as she stretched out her hand towards the key. " Try to suppose (what is much more probable) that tt oidy leads into another room," suggested Leonard. Rosamond threw the door wide open, suddenly. Her husband was right. It merely led into the next room. They passed on to the second door. " Can this one serve the same purpose as the other ?" said Rosamond, slowly and distrustfully turning the key. She opened it as she had opened the first door, put her head inside it for an instant, drew back, shuddering, and closed it aigaiiv violently, with a faint exclamation of disgust. " Don't be alarmed, Lenny," she said leading liim away abruptly. "The door only opens on a large, empty cupboard. But there are quantities of horrible, crawling brown creatures about the wall inside. I have shut them in again in their darkness and their secresy; and now I am going to take you back to your seat, before we find out, next, wliat the book-case contains." , The door of the upper part , of the book-case, hanging openand Jialf-dropping from its hinges, showed.the emptiness of the shelves on <yie side at a glancp. The corresponding door, when Rosamond pulled it open, „ disclosed exactly the same spectacle of barrenness oh the othfer side. Over every shelf there spread the . same dreary accumulation of dust aud 3irt, without a vestigo of a book, without even a stray scrap of :papoi,'lying anywhere in a'corner to attract,the eye ( froih top to bottom. 3?ho Ipweri poiiion of the book-Case was divided Into '.thttto'cupboards, In the door of v one of^ihe 4>h»ieo,the rusty key remained in the loeEv/ HJosatnond turned it;with some dijfievflty. afad looked intothe- cupboard. At £he babk iof it'were scattered a pack of playing *8,¥brown ; witlr&rfc.; A t&oreel; of torn,, ' Lil&y; 'among thfeiK, 'whichV.whdn ibud'&pread;* ifc^ont,' pfove&'to 5^^ remains of a clergyman's band. In One corner she found a lyoken corkscrew, and; the winch of a fishing-rod; in another, some stumps of tobacco pipes, a few old medicine bottles, and a dog's-eared pedlar's song-book. These were all the objects that the cupboard contained. After Rosamond hod scrupulously described each one of them to her husband, just as she found it, she went on to the second cupboard. On trying the door, it turned out not to be locked. On looking inside, she discovered notliing but some pieces of blackened cotton wool, aud the remains of a jeweller's packing- The third door was locked, but the rusty key from the first cupboard opened it Inside, there was but one object—a small v'ooden box, banded round with a piece of tape, the two edges, of which were fastened together by a seal. Rosamond's flagging interest rallied instantly at this discovery. She described the box to her husband, and asked if he thought he was justified in breaking the seal. " Can you see anything written on the cover V' he inquired. Rosamond carried the box to the window, blew the dust oil' the top of it, and read, on a parchment label nailed to the cover: Papers. JoIIK, ARTHCH Tbevertox. 17G0. " I think you may take the responsibility of breaking the seal," said Leonard. " If those papers had been of any family importance, they could scarcely have been left forgotten in an old book-case by your father and his executors," Rosamond broke the seal, then looked up doubtfully at her husband before she opened the box. " It seems a mere waste of time to look into this," she said. " How can a box that has not been opened since seventeen hundred and sixty help us to discover the mystery of Mrs. Jazeph and the Myrtle llooni ?" " But do we know that it lias not been opened since "then ?" said Leouard. " Might not the tape and seal have been put round it by anybody at some more recent period of time 1 You can judge best, because you can see if there is any inscription on the tape, or any gijs to form an opinion by, upon the seal." '"The seal is a blank, Lenuy, except that it has a flower like a Forget-me-not in the middle. I can see no mark of a pen on either side of the tape. Anybody iu the world might have opened the box before me," she continued, forcing up the lid easily with her hands, " for the lock is no protection to it. The wood of the cover is so rotten that I liave pulled the staple out, and left it sticking by itself in the lock below." On examination, the box proved to be full of papers. At the top of the uppermost packet were written these words: " Election expenses. I won by four votes. Price fifty pounds each. J. A. Troverton." The next layer of papers had no inscription. Rosamond opened them, and read on the first leaf. : —" Birthday Ode. Respectfully addressed to the Miecenas of modern times iu his poetic retirement at Porfch genua." Below this production, appeared a collection of old bills, old notes of invitation, old doctor's prescriptions, and old leaves of l>etting-books, tied together with -a piece of whipcord. Last of all, there lay on the bottom of the box, one thin leaf of paper, the visible side of which presented , a perfect blauk. Rosamond-took it up, turned it to look at the other side, and saw some faint ink lines cross ing each other iu various directions, and liav- .iug letters of the alphabet attached to them in certain places. She had made her husband acquainted with the contents of all the other papers, as a matter of course ; and when she haddescribed thislastpaperto lxim, he explained to her that the lines and letters represented a mathematical problem. "The book-case tells us nothing," said Rosamond, slowly putting the papers back in the box. " Shall we try the writing-table by the fire-place, next?" " What does it look like, Rosamond f" " It has two rows of drawers down each side; and the whole top is made in an odd, old-fashioned way to slope upwards, like a very large writing-desk." ' " Does the top open 1" llosauiond went to the table, examined it narrowly, and then tried to raise the top. "It is made to open, for I see the keyhole," she said. " But it is locked. And>all the drawers," she continued, laying them one after another, " are locked too." " Is there no key in any- of them J" asked Leonard.* " Not a sign of one. But the top feels so looge that 1 really think it might be forced open—as I forced the little box open just now —by a pair of stronger hands than I can boftst of. Let me take you to the table, dear; It may give way to your strength, though it will not to mine." She placed her husband's hands carefully jmder the ledge formed by the overhanging top of the table, die exerted liys whole strength to force it up :1 but, in this case, the wood iVas sound, the-lock he^j pud all his olforljswerfe in Vain.'' ' ' * , , "Must we send for a locksmithV asked Rosamond, with a look 6T disappointment. " If the table is of any value, we must," returned her husband. "If not, a screw-driver and a hammer will open both the top aud the drawers, in anybody's hands." " In that case, Lenny, I wish we had brought them with us when we came into the room; for the only value of the table lies in the secrets that it may be hiding from us. I shall not feel satisfied until you aud I know wliat there is inside of it" While saying these words, she took her husband's hand to lead him back to his seat. As they passed before the fireplace, he stopped upon the bare stone hearth ; and, feeling some new substance under his feet, instinctively stretched out the hand that was free. It touched a marble tablet, with figures on it in basso-relievo, which had been let into the middle of the chimney-piece. He stopped immediately, and asked what the object was that his lingers had accidentally touched. "A piece of sculpture," said Rosamond. T did not notice it before. It is not very large, and not particularly attractive, according to mv taste. So far as I can tell, it seems to be intended to represent " Leonard stopped her before she could say any more. " Let me try, for once, if I can't make a discovery for myself," he said a little impatiently. " Let me try if my fiugers won't tell me what this sculpture is meant to represent." He passed his hands carefully over the basso-relievo (Rosamond watching their slightest movement with silent interest, the while), considered a little, and said " Is there not a figure of a man sitting down in the right-hand corner 1 And are there not rocks and trees, very stiffly done, high up, at the left-liand side ?" Rosamond looked at him tenderly, and smiled. " My poor dear!" she said. " Your man sitting down is, in reality, a miniature copy of the famous ancient statue of Xiobe and her child ; your rocks are marble imitations of clouds, and your stifllv done trees are arrows darting out from some invisible Jupiter or Apollo, or other heathen god. All, Lenny, Lenny! you can't trust your touch, love, as you can trust me !" A momentary shade of vexation passed across his face; but it vanished the instant she took his hand again, to lead him back to his seat. He drew her to him gently, and kissed her cheek. " You are right, Rosamond he said. " The one faithful friend to me in my blindness, who never fails, is my wife." Seeing him look a little saddened, and feeling, with the quick intuition of a woman's affection, that he was thinking of the days when he had eujoyed the blessing of sight, Rosamond returned abruptly, as soon as she saw him seated once more on the ottmnan, to the subject of the Myrtle Room. " Where shall I look next, dear ?" she said. The bookcase we have examined. The writing-table wc must wait to examine. What else is there, that has" a cupboard or a drawer in it'!" She looked round her iu perplexity ; then walked away towards the pait of the room to which her attention had been last drawn—the part where the fire-place was situated. " I thought I noticed something here, Lenny when I passed just now with you," she said, approaching the second recess behind the raantel-picce, corresponding with the recess in which the writing-table stood. She looked into the place closely, and detected in a comer, .darkened by the shadow of the heavy projecting mantel-piece, a narrow, rickety little table, made of the commonest mahogany—the frailest, poorest, least con spicuous piece of furniture in the whole room, She pushed it out contemptuously into the light with her foot. It ran on clumsy old fashioned castors, aud creaked wearily as it moved. " Lenny, I have found another table," said Rosamond. " A miserable, forlorn-looking little tiling, lost in a corner. I have just pushed it into the light, and I have discovered one drawer in it." She paused, and tried to open the drawer; but it resisted her. " Another lock 1" she exclaimed impatiently. " Even this wretched thing is closed against " us !" . She pushed the table* sliarply %way withher band. It swayed on its frail legs, tottered-, and fell over on the floor—fell ns heavily as a table of twice its size—fell witlita shock that rang through the room, and repeated itself again and again iu the echoes of the lonesome north hall. . , . . Rosamond ran to her husband^ seeing him start, from his seat in alarm, aud told.him wliat Jtad happened. " You. call it a little table," he replied, in astonishment. " It fell like one of the largest pieces of furniture in the room!" "Surely there must liave been something heavy in the drawer!" said Rosamond, appiftaohing the table with her. spirits- still fluttered by the shock of its unnaturally heavy I. *! .MjI-'/i /C ' v ! .i ' fell After .waiting fat ft few mo givo the dust which tt bad Wised, #od« still hang ovef it in thick Uzy clouds, 4 disperse, she stooped down and examined it It was cracked across the top from end to end aud the lock had boon broken away flcom its fastenings by the fall. She set the table up again carefully, drew out the drawer, and/ifter a glance at its contents, turned to bw husband. "I kMtr$t,f£ she said, " I knew there must have bcen somethiug heavy iu the drawer. It is fullof pieces of copper-ore, like those specimens of .my fathers, Lenny, from Porthgenna miho; Wait! I think I feel something else, as far away at the back here as my hand can rea^li." She extricated from the lumps of ore at the back of the drawer, a small circular pictureframe of black wood, about the sixe of an ordinary hand-glass. It came out with the front part downwards, and with the area which its circle enclosed filled up by h thin piece of wood, of the sort which is used at the backs* of small frames to keep drawings and engravings steady in them. This pioce of wood * (only secured to the back of the frame by* one nail) had been forced out of its place, probably, by the overthrow of the table; and when Rosamond took the frame out of the drawer, she observed between it and the dislodged piece of wood, the end of a morsel of paper, apparently folded many times over, so as to occupy the smallest possible space. She drew out the piece of paper, laid it aside on the table without unfolding it, replaced the piece of wood in its proper position, aud then turned the frame round, to see if there was a picture in front. Thene was a picture—a picture painted in oils, darkened, but not much faded, by age. It represented the head of a womau, and the figure as far as the bosom. The instant Rosamond's eyes fell on it, she shuddered, and hurriedly advanced towards her husband with the picture in her hand. Well, what have you found now 1" he inquired hearing her approach. A picture," she answered, faintly, stopping to look at it again. Leonard's sensitive ear detected a change in her voice. "Is there anything that alarms you in the picture?' he asked, half in jest, half in earnest. '•There is something that startles me— something that seems to have turned me cold for the moment, hot as the day is," said Rosamond. " Do you remember the description the servant-girl gave us, on the night when we arrived here, of the ghost of the north rooms f " Yes, I remember it perfectly." - - " Lenny ! that description and this picture are exactly alike 1 Here is the curliug, light brown hair. Here is the dimple on each cheek. Here are the bright regular teeth. Here is that leering, wicked, fatal beauty which the girl tried to describe, aud did describe, when she said it was awful!" Leonard smiled. " That vivid fancy of yours, my dear, takes strange flights sometimes," he said quietly. "Fancy!" repeated Rosamond to herself. "How C8n it be fancy when I see the facet how can it be fancy when I feel " She stopped, shuddered agaiu, and, returning hastily to the table placed the picture on it, face downwards. As- she did so, the morsel of folded paper which she had removed from the back of the frame caught her eye. " There may be some account of the picture in, this," she said, and stretched out hor hand to it. It was getting on towards noon. " The heat weighed heavier on the air, and the stillness of all things was more intense than ever, as she took up the paper from the table Fold by fold she opened-it, and saw that there were written characters inside, traced in ink that had faded to a light yellow hue. She smoothed it out carefully on the table then took it up again and looked at the first line of the writing. The first line contained only three words—- words which told her that the papor with tjio writing on it was not a description of a picture, but a' letter—words which made her start and change colour the moment her eye fell upon them. Without attempting to read any slje hastily turned over the leaf to find out the placo whore the writing endedi It ended at the bottom of the third page ; but there was a brtKk "in the lines, near the foot of the second' page, and in that break there were two names signed. She looked at the uppermost of the two—started again—and turned hack instantly to the first page. ; Line by line, and word by word, she re^d through the writing; her natural complexion- &diug;'out gradually the while, and a dull; equaj whiteness overspreading all hcr ,face in* its stead. When she had come to the end of the third page, the hand in which she hold the letter dropped to her side, and she ttitaied her head, slowly towards Leonard. In that position she %tood,—no tears moistening; Tipr eyes.ino change passhig over her fb£tfues, no word; escaping h<5t lips, no movemoixt 1j "' ' tho position of her limbs—in tliat position alio stood, with the iataWbtter crumpled up in Ivor cold fingers, looking steadfastly, speechlessly, breathlessly at her Wind husband. Ho was still sitting as fllic liad soon him a fow minutes before, with his legs crossed, his hands clasped together in front of thorn, and his head turned expectantly in the direction iu which ho had last heard tho sound of his Wife's voice.- But, in a fow moments, the intense stillness in tlio room forced itself upon Ills attention. - Ho changod liis position—listened for a little, turning his head uneasily from side to side—and thou called to his Wife. " Rosamond!" At the sound of his voice hor Hps moved, and her fingers closed faster oil the paper that they held ; but she neither stepped forward nor spoke; " Rosamond!" Her lips moved again—faint traces of exiflank whiteness of hor face—she advanced one iression began to pass shadow-like over the stop, hesitated, looked at the letter, and stopped. Hearing no answer, he rose surprised and uueasy. Moving his poor, helpless, wandering hands to and fro before him in tho air, lie walked forward a few paccs, straight out from the wall against which he had been sitting. A chair, which his bauds were not held low enough to touch, stood in his way; and, eus lie still advanced, lie struck his knee sharply against it. A cry burst from Rosamond's lips, as if the pain of the blow had passed, at the instant of its infliction, from her husband to herself. She was by his side in a moment. " Yotf are not hurt, Lenny," she said faintly. " No, no." He tried to press his liand on the place where he had struck himself, but she knelt down quickly, and put her own hand there instead.; nestling her head against him, while she was on her knees, in a strangely hesitating timid way. He lightly laid the hand which she had intercepted on her shoulder. The moment it touched her, her eyes began to soften; the tears rose in them, and fell slowly one by one down her cheeks. 1 11 thought you had left me," he said. " There was such a silence that I fancied you had gone.out of the room." " Will you come out of it with me, now i" Her strength seemed to fail her, whilo she asked the question; her head drooped on her breast, and she let the letter tall on th$ floor at her side. " Ate you tired already, Rosamond! Your voice sounds as if you were." " I waut to leave the room," she 6aid, still in the same low, faint, constrained tone. "Is your knee easier, dear! Can you walk, now!" " Certainly. There is nothing in the world the matter with my knee. If you are tired, Rosamond—as I know you are, though you may not confess it—tho sooner we leave the room the better." She appeared not to hear the last words he said. Her fingers were working feverishly about her uecfc and bosom ; two bright red spots were beginutng to burn in her pale checks; her eyes frere fixed vacantly on the letter at her side; her hauds wavered about it before she picked it up. For a few seconds she waited on her knees, looking at it intently, with her head turned away from her husband—thou rose and walked to the fireplace. Among the dust* ashes, and other rubbish at*the back of the grate, were scattered some old torn pieces of paper. They caught her eye, and held it fixed on them. She looked and looked, slowly bending down nearer and nearer to the grate For one moment she held the letter out over the rubbish in both hauds—the next she drew back shuddering violently and turned round so as to £aco her husband again. At the sight of him a faint inarticulate exclamation, half sigh, half- sob, burst from her. "Oh, no, no!" she whispered to herself, clasping her hands together, fervently, and looking at him with fond, mournful eyes. " Never, never, Lenny —come of it what may!" " Were you speaking to me, Rosamond "Yes, love, I was saying—" She paused, and with trembling fingers, f^ded up the paper again, exactly in the form in which she liad ".Where are you 1" he asked. "Your voice sounds away from mo at tlio other end of the room again. Where are you?" She ran to him, flushed satful: took him l>y the , without the faintest i of irresolution in her face, placed the folded paper boldly in his hand. "Keep that, Lenny," she kid, turning deadly pale, but still-not \- " [her firmness. Keep that, and aak^e dit to you as soon as wo>aro out of the love," she fervour ofheriuipulsivenature, andbroathlosaly and passionately covered his face with kisses. " Gently I gently!" said Leonard, laughing. " You take away my breath." She drew back, and stood looking at !um in silence, with a hand laid oh each of his shoulders. " Oh, my angQl!" she murmured tenderly. " I would give oil I have in the world, if I could only know how much you love me!" " Surely," he returned, still laughing, "surely, Rosamond, you ought to know by this time 5" 41 fcliall know soon." She spoke those words in tones so quiet and low that they were barely audible. Interpreting tho change in her voice as a fresh indication of fatigue, Leonard iuvitod her to lead him away by holding out his hand. She took it iu silence, and guided him slowly to the door. (7*o fee i-onlinutd.) 