GUEiTI, OB NOT GUILTY. EX THE ACTHOS OF ** B&K.VEH; OF PBOSIISB, &C.;' OK! *rt« tiiafc taiws by his owa experience, or will leara £roa that of others, what terror, auwuish, aad selMaatciag attend on crims— itiiJ 'would aot guard iiU heart froa one sin , fal thought, and Us hand from one act of ; guilt? A week ago, uc& before ' the deed that dua&s; eternally was done,' Wilfred : Lorraiae and Ms brother bad gone out at j night, by different roads, in search of poachers, and had agreed to meet at a certain old grend fir-tree in that wood I Tliea Wilfred had ao fear— for then be had committed no crime The ha't-snoon shone then on a blooming, handsome, resolute face, a. fiae manly form, a firm foot. Kow, the fall moan looks on livid cheeks, eyes seared and io'lowed, & figora shrank and shrouded, a qniok, uncertain step. In eTery breath of the night wind he hears his brother's eigh ; every noise .startles hi«aj every shadow cast by the silver lamp oE Bight takes his brother'6 form ; acd the Sitting of a white owl from tree to tree seams to him. his brother's ghost ccm icg out of the little grassy amphitheatre where he fell, to summon him to follow him to the grave. The Innocent, however hapless, go through a long life, without knowing a tithe of the anguish Hauterille felt in that midnight walk to Kongh hobs hat oil the moor, ile wildly rushed past the trees that enclosed the scene of the murder, and did not stop till he came out upon the purple moor. He felt a little less of abject terror on the moor than he had done in the Black *'i oed, but still there came cold drops on his forehead ; his knees shook under him ; and he had a hor rible sense of being pursued. He .harried across the wild moonlit moor, and at length, came is view of Hough. Sob's hovel. It was a wretched little cottage of clay, stand ing in a patch of potato and cabbage ground, and a gnome-like old thorn and a few f uizc bushes close to it- As in all cottages in , Northumberland, where coals are so cheap and j abundant, a mound of coal-dust and ashes ad- i joined the house, sad a chad fall ef cdal j formed part of the hovel. i There was a light in the small window, and ? through a broken pane came a voice of wild , and exquisite sweetness, singing a sort of ! lalllaby, j Hauterille listened. The air wa3 changed to the old nursery ditty — originally the lulkby of a poacher's wife:'- _ ' Bye, Baby Bcnting, Daddy's gone a-huntine, Gone to find a pussy's skin To wrap his precious baby ia. Bye, Baby Banting I' ?Och hone! och hone!' Bobbed the (sieger fOch hone! that it were turue, my darlint, when we'd have hi im soon with us — but now! Och hone! och hone! Holy Virgin protect my puir Rob ! I've lighted a candle till ye ; and to you, good Saiut Robert, lay puir Hob's pathron saint! And so 1 will though 1 can ill afford it, for a month to come, if ye'll bring him safe back to me. Ooh. hone ! och hone i' Lord Hauteville pushed open the cottage door, and stood in the only room it boasted. The young wife had jusd risen from her knees and stood with a candle in her hand, which she had lighted in true Irish fashion, by thrusting it between the bars, and was just going to fix it in a little tin shrine, is which Saint Robert was placed. The candle threw a strong light on Rob's wife. She was a beautiful young Irish girl of that type which the inspired pencil of Jidmund Pitzpatrick has immortalised. &he; was one of that influx of Irish reapers, who, in the harvest Bcason, come over to the Norih o£ England and fill the golden corn fields with beauty, mirth, and song. Hauteville thought as she stood before him, that she only wanted a wheat sheaf on her bead to be the beau ideai ofja Ruth, only that there was more of the ?wild daring of a daughter of Erin than of the meek sweetness of the young Hebrew widow. She was tail, aad though she hud the strong broad Bhoulders (mtvcicully given to the poor, who have bo much to bear) yet they had a graceful fall, an^ uei. waiat -fiue bJ degrees and beautiful less,' was marked by a scarlet bodice, while her short blue serge skirt showed her fine leg and neat-foot and ankle in buckled Bhocs. A yellow handkerchief crossed her full and lovely bosom. Her head was proudly set on a long round sen burn throat ; her abundant black hair, gathered under a Pamela cap, was braided in pretty ripples across a fiae brow, and formed a soft frame to a face of great beauty ; large wild blue eyes, with long black lashes, and jet eyebrows, a pretty straight nose, & short upper lip of soft red, the under one fuller, and of a brighter scarlet, and both, when she spoke, disclosing 'white, even, and glittering teeth. The baby a fine little fellow, lay in a cradle covered with hare-Bkin8, which she had stitched together. The fire burnt brightly, but the cupboard ^as bare, and Mary had tasted nothing that day but a cup of tea and a cake forced upon her, after Rob was carried of to gaol, by the young nursing mother who had taken charge of her baby when she fainted, and who had compelled her to reBt awhile in her Door little lodging and eat a morsel, and share th*t panaooei of the poor, ' a cup o' tea-.' Mary, when she perceived Lord Hauteville, dropped a very low enrtsey, and wiping down a chair with her apron, said, gb'Plase your honour to be seated; ye may rest ye in my Bob's .poor cabin, my lord, for the blood of yer blissed brother is not on his hand or his sow! ! He's bearing the shame and the punishment he never desarved !' In spite of his passionate and persistent love for Clarissa, Wilfred, or rather Hauteville, had often been struck with the rare beauty ui nuo nuu iiiouwuiunn 01 me moor, and at any other time he could not have refrained from telling the lonely noprotected beauty how splendid a creature he thought her and from trying at least to lead her into the Blippery paths of ^dalliance ; but the conscious ness of a great crime sat on the young man's heart, and crushed out all its lighter foibles and vanities. Beauty was nothing to him now— Love saw nothing. He seemed capable but of two feel ings— horror of his crime, and dread of its tuecovery. v He had resolved that Rough Rob should not ' *? brought to trial; no, not if he beggared himself to prevent it. But this reeolve did not spring from the horror of the thouo-bt of another Buffering for his crime: no. that had utue weignt in his determination. It arose from-his dread of the searchwg, eifting cross exammation ! The truth, always so great, so potent, bo all pervading and convincing, heVar neemaso irresistible, so unconquerable a8 to SSIT mSn' Wh°Se aU dep-*d6 on ** «P iV^lT? ^t\Orn ^!ngB»' Le «M to him. self, and if it be true that ? murder will out ? itu at Hough; Rob's trial that some astute and wily counsel for the defence will elicit At this thought the murderer shook as with the ague ; but he resolved on his plan of action. He had but one way to avo d the dreadful trial of Rough Hob. and that was, to effect Hob's escape from prison ; and as it is not easy to escape from prison in these dm although such thinge have happened, and X' ' Whfl* vhS uy°Ung, ,lora ^solved to try W /' T% H*0^ bribe the ^olev, whom he knew a little, for he had been in the Bar™ ofWUfr'ea bee° pointed at the entreat, ™,r xnfK '°S t° Bough Rob's cottage on the S-n UP?4 had 8een the gaoler, and all waP arranged between them. He had explained his wsh to save Rough Bob, by thefacthewas the chosen companion in boyhood of himself and his murdered brother ; and that in spite of appearances, he believed liim innocent, but yet he felt sure he rrould be found guilty and hanged. Wilfred, Lord Hauteville, had to bribe very high, for the gao!;r felt, he might lose bis appointaieai ; bat no matter at what price,! he must be .bought orer; aad tie was not to / assist or co- operate, bin to be blind and be deaf. It is ;e-at&l; of iir. Whirlon, the Professor o!'Ppetry at O\f -r-', that after partaking of a Sunday dinner | with R fiicnd, be repaired to his service at the church. On his way he tras powerfully raJuted with tbo cry of ' Live mackerel ! ' Dming the sinking of the psalm, he slumbered in the pnlpit, and on the organ ceasios. he arose half f.wake, and instead of commencing the prsyor, startlsd the congregation by {giving in a loud ' voice a part of the cry stiil ringing in his cars'—' AU alivo~aU elire, O?' Salt Lite has been victimised by s tliowtuaa, wlio annouc -ed that he woalj cause a ' bzmas body to appear a^d d'sappcar before tie eudence.' He appeared, got Uieii- mosey, anildija$!l-eared. He &Ued; the progiauimc. ! V-E5T'--'S W1ZAHI) OIL.— Hare jot- lrflima Ectorj- Eoto thr^iiit Miff jcirU, or Ikck-msb from any c-nse Wfca'crsr f Have you tlicnnstio - r i-iher paina in any part o! tte benj? If to, uso TfE TOH'S A\T2aF'D ort irterctly oedeiUrutlly. Wony per e?de Suffer with skfc headr.cho acd ccivobb headache, usnaliy 3rnnc«3 ly efft5r«:oE5, indikefctirn, &J.; WJl-TO' 'S vJT AGIO HLtS h'(vc a, Etrctg eigim upon tbc coeB Jecoa of '-n s'Jte and discerning people, told every whs re, Tliuty- pen:t. ITora Ei-riaff take rlacj ia Koy and April (nottn the lit of Ap-iU itaa in eny other mouth of the yew, BU y*J Ik^Slvl UKAW UJUM^JI ^:.&l;*U\\-.B GUU UX'Da m^kerssis thetftoro most ftap'oyc.i at tbc iime spoken of :h-.n at any ether. It is interesting to cote. whUe en tbi- subject, that the pticcipil millloera and dress a%kei% rccogciee !hs 'Homo Khatile Sewing Mv ehiee'* as '.he most initbale ci'.Uer for neatness of work or dnrabUiiy. It makes the icpk s itoh, ,they End, and wi'I hem, foil, binJ, cord, braid, sesm, task, rnffle, hem- eti ca, gnthc-r, end sew on at tbe mae time. Tie ' Hoxe S'auttU' fa the cheapest of all Sawing Machine?, and ia also th.e meat efcganf, Bimpie, anrt compact ; it will 8'W : Mjtblcg from fine muslin to stsnt leather. II. Moss und Co., Wynyard-?qnare. 