Anvil Creek and Greta. [mnoxoUn- connasroIIDxT.J.. A LECTURE ON SPIRITUALISM was delivered in tahe Wesleyan Chapel, Greta, on Saturday evening last, by" Mr. J. L. Byers...Unfortu Dately the weatheir was"threatening, whibbh deterred many-. from attending, particularly ladies, who, no doubt, would otherwise have been there. As-it was, only about twenty persons attended, 'hich, considering the in tecsting nature of the subject., and the ability of the ]ecturer, was a miserably small attend ance. NotwitLstanding this, however, the lecturer applied himself to his task with an earnestness and. a zeal that was wonthy of an o~verflowing housnee. Mr. Byers handled his, subject in a masterly and eloquent stylQe; he devoted considerable time to the rise and progress of the manifestations called spiritual and termed by its devotees spiritualism. LHe alleged tl:hat the so-called spiritual manifestations were not of so recent an origin as many people imagined affirming that it was known as early as the 2nd.century, giving passages from the writings of the Carthagenian sage Tertullian in cofirnmation of this assertion. Mr. Byers, however, does not hold the opinion that spirits from the vastly deep bave anythingat all to do with the manifestations called spiritual, and of whlichl we have recently beard so much. On the contrary, he holds that the phenomena of spiritualism may all be traced to natural forces in counnection with the body of the operator and very nearly related to electricity and animal magnetism. Heinstances Reichenbach's Odylic theory of the vital force as being fully able to accouut for the wonders of table rapping, and thoughi at present we were unable to naccount for the presence or the operations of this odylic force, yet he doubted not in time it would be like sateam and electricity assigned its proper limits and applied to its proper uses. The lecturer next touched upon the apparition and phantom theory, and though he did not deny but that the spirits of the departed dead might come occasionally in shadowy glarin, .forms on this side the curtain that divides this world from the here after, yet he was inclined to assign the seeing of ghosts to persons of a peculiar constitution and under peculiar circumstances. Mr.Byres interspersed his discourse with many racy and telling anecdotes, which were highly appre ciated by the. audience. His exposition of spiritualism is very effective and an hour spent in his company is very interesting.- The residents of our neighbourhood missed a treat by not going to hear him. At the conclusion of the address a hearty vote . of thanks was accorded, to the lecturer. Mr. Byers responded, and in the course of his remarks announced his intention of again visiting Greta at an early date, accompanied by Mrs. Byersa, who would assist him in this entertainment. By the bye, I am proud that Mr. Byers in his discourse did not clap the extinguisher upon the supernatural reality of ghosts and phantoms as he did upon that of spiritualastic ,manifestations; we care but little about the lattcer,-in fact we know but little about them, anid tiherefore in piirting with them do not lose any cherished associates of past time. But with the ghosts it is different; to.deny that a ghost is n spirit_-a. superiatural embodiment an essetice fonii the "pirit"wbrld,-"is to htrike the very root of'one of our. most cherished beliefs atid. -to upturin one of our most settled convictions. To as .Anvu i reek and. ireta people sucl hin assertion would be quite superfluous. *We would not believe it; it would not be ,in our interests to do so. It fwould rob us of one of our most ancient and valued institutions "our ghost," which at present we are in no frame of mind to part with.. Since, on the discharge, of my duty as chronicler for these parts, Ihare had occasion before to refer to the existence of this thing. I cnnnot do better here than give to the world at ,large, a .brief. outline rt its history. To begin, then: Our ghost when it was con deniued to a wholly mundane existence animated the frame ofa woman, in her old age She appears to have been a shrill-voiced sharp toned old dame; at least the ghost is said to be given that way. At what precise date and to whom this thing made its firest appearance I have been unable to ascertain. Certain it is that in the early, days of Farthing's coal pit it was almost a nightly visitor along the banks of the creek' named Kooky. Of course it was d resed' in the iusual ghost fashion (no new . fashions from. Pari seems ever-to enter into •lost land), a long, flowing white robe or a shininie essence; nobody could tell which. Sometimes it manifested its presence by fearful and smothered groans in the creek, as if of some person drowning. At other timaes it gplided boldly into the presenee of timid and benighted young girls as they pursued some of the lonely bush tracks after dark. Sometime: it would venture into the presence of two or three of them together. Its presence became so notorious that no young girl would go any where after dark by herself. A young man generally had to aeeopAnty -her, and strange, when thus paired, they could linger for hours *in the very haunts of the ghost, and it never made its appearance. Perhaps it wasnaturall. .shy and retiring, or perhaps it went on th' -principle of only one at a time. This went on fo'- vears. The ghost was freaenntlI oeen and heard; everybody believed in it am Brair asa they believed in their own existence. As the commeroial proapeets of the loeality began to inicrease people began to come upon the ground, and some of them did not believe in'the ghbeest. One follow, a Scotehmman, with a mind' as rugged as his native mountain., chose the very reputed homeand habitation of the ghost as a spot whereon to pitch hik tent. When remon strated with upon the absurdity of his conduct he only laughed and saidl there was plenty of room; or, if the ghost was a good ook, he would give itajob; HeThruisd~eoared that the first time he heard any of those unearthly yells they ake abount he would hunt~ it up and finad the matter was. Well, as the story goes, in the middle di'f one dark night he heard the noise quite distinctly, and true to his promise, he got up and went in the direction from whence it proceeded; evwntually he traced the noise to a hug· e old gum tree, standing by the bank of the cesek, and behold, the noise proceeded from an old 'sho naiive bear in deep trouble. Of course, Sa knew better; we told him he lieod, to which .e coolly replied, if we would not believe him we could go and look for better proof. Whether this most unbluhbing and ,malioios. slander upon the idently of our gheot had the effect isgusting it with the ? ratltudeand bare rthn ffroutery of the age In i 'tdenuss to g.'ul~go in new fangled notions and regret the ditions of itr athepI note ay. Certain it it, however, that siac the recclt. iifnofpopuntion to our- district'tbiat littllc" has been heard.of. onr. ghost,- and less seen.: Pciriaps, lil" lIaniicl' loon, it loves the" rolicude of ilte wildJcrne.s. and retires to .the wilds bef.rc t'.e invnainag steps of population and.eivilia.ution- : -:'. ;,' '/.* " : ::" ; ] 