IXSTALLAIIOX OF iR BISHOP OF SAXVIIU The ceremony of ;ho ci ;ue •*"' ; Bishop of Sandhurst :00k place ve«eril»y rSorr.- : i;jg at' St. Kilians Church. Ahhaaga ehsrges j of 5vc >hinir.ir? and half-a-crown wore muuc tor \ aii::;ffiou. (he church «':'■? der.?eiy crO'.vceJ, a j lariTO riiimbcT of pers-o:^ of o;her utnoni:::a"io::= beinc present. Fnnr.ual to the hour earned lor the co:n:v.cr.oc:"."ic:i; of ■ V:ceremony, the choir, accompanied by the orcan, sang the Hallelujah Chorus. dur::-.f which a procession p:u-icJ up the :ii~:e in the order:—It was prec tiled by t«"o boys ::i vcst:'.;e;i;s carrying the crucifix and lighted tapers. They were followed by the Very l\ev. Dean Backhaus, and the Her.Fathers Kevei ar.d A:!en. Then came Bishop Crane in Ju!i robe,-, and n-j:h his crock in his hand. He was foiloived by the Mo;ro;v>iium of the diocese (Archbishop Gould) who also was in full canonical cost am?, and carried ihe emblem of the Cmirch, the crucifix. As the last 01 the procession passc-d inside the altar rails, the chorus ceased, and" the Metropolitan, taking the bishop elect by the hand, briefly introduced Mm to his flock, impressing upon them th» neces sity of paying' obedience to his co::::i;a:ids. l'ontifiea! High Mass was then celebrated, and the solenicirv of tile proceedings were heigh tened considerably by the chaining and intona tions of the bishops and priests engaged in the service. During the Mass, Mr. Macoboy sang "The Sanctus. Spiritus" and Gloria iu K.«el sis" splendidly. The llev. Father lvelly then preached irons the Douay version of the 2nd chapter of the Acts of ihe Apostles, des criptive of the descent of the Holy Ghost. In a brier but eloquent serraou he described the duties of a bishop, who *us, he said, placed amongst his flock as the representative of the guardian appointed by the churches, and acknowiedge-d by the Divinity as its head. It was for them on their part to help hioi in his duties by their countenance and sup port. Ii was for him to watch over their spiritual lite, and. above all, it wis for him io comfort the sick, to help the poor, and give succor ar.d consolation to the dying. Referring to his antecedents, he said the bishop canto from an Order which had scut many noble and good.men to do the work of the church, amongst whom was also the Archbishop. Their tiew bishop had been the head of an Augustinian monastery, and there he had exercised all those Christian virtues, and perforuiodthosecharitable deeds, which had fitted him for the position to which the head of their church had seen fit toele vatehim. He could not conclude without paying a tu who fining tribute to the reverend »uo had labored amongst them so long—who had been a most zealous servant of the church in times when the district was not so advanced in settlement and civilization as it was now, and who had himself been specially honored by the church's supreme head. At the conclusion of the servicc addresses were presented to the bishop, which are here ap pended, together with his replies. The first address presented was that of the clergy of the diocese/ It wis read by;the Very Rer* Dean Backhaus as follows:— - *••*>:".. May it please your Lordship:-->ye, the clergy exercising jurisdiction in that .portion of the Lord's 1 5*cred V.neyard, recently erected, in to a sep*nvt=.| diooese, welcome you with feelings of great delight and satisfaction to the sphere of yeiar futare labors. It bath pleased the Holy Ghost, through the selec tion m*de of yon by the supreme Pastor of the Fold of Christ on earth,"to constitute you a'Prince of His Sacred Spiritual ∈£dojn; to govern the Church of God; and to take such special chirge of the children of Faith in this diocese; iliat, under your spiritual guidance, living ia the Spirit of Christ, from that Spirit they also may reap life everlasting. "We ap proach you with vhe protean I respect due to your high ecclesiastical dignity; we approach you with ;ia even more ; deep.-feeling of. dutiful de votedness to yonr person as the 'Father of this our pottion of the - Household of Faith, the golden link which bi^ds us to the great apostolic i centre of Catholic unity, the heaven guarded " j infallible teacher of Siving tenth and sanctifying ! morals; the fountain head of Christ's jurisdiction hero on earUi; ire approach you,v moreover, with sincere promise of that canonical obedience to your pastoral direction, uh'ch we all know fall well is not only the duty but must be the delijht of every true ecclesiastic. We all shall be but too happy with Gods blessing to cj-oponite .-with yon to the be^t of ou: abilities in the glorious work to which you have been sent, *nd to which you hare devoted the remainder of your: lite amoogit us, uc , the preservation and ex ension of the salutary influence of God's holy empire of truth, and grace, and peace; the salvation and edification of the body of Christ. Few of Us bare as yet been 'personally ac quainted with your lordship. But we feel not the least hesitation in saying that the choice njade of you by His Holiness to rule over this portion of the Lord's vineyard, no less than your ever active real in forwarding the cau-e of holy religion, the .know ledge of which won for. you well merited approba tion at home, and has preceded you even to these distant sliorss; justify our conviction that it was a happy choici which elevated yon to the dignified position of being our ecclesiastical; superior; that you enter worthily and with pleasing anticipation of an active and salutury future into the labors ef a dignitary whose episcopal watchfulness and energy for a long series of years; faithfully seconded by his devoted.yicirtGeneralhavo c»rne<l for lum the ohei-.ehed «u»d distinguished honor of havi g done successfttUyhis part for fitting this portion ot'liH former jurisdiction into a separate diocese: anil the pleasure of enthroning you to-day as its first bishop. We entertain the^pleasant anticipation that many a time during your future administration of this diocese, your Lordship's heart will be cheered, a.n.1 your energy will be buoyed up by the affectionate obedience of yourpressut e'ergy, and of a!l whom, in the course of yexrs, you nuy aggregate to them in the sacred ministry, "by tiie sturdy stea l:"istness in their holy religion of the sons and daughters of gre^t sires of Fmh and Sanctity; by the advance of Truth and Piety under your fostering c*re. This, voui wreath of ros-:s spiritual consolatioa, will, nevertheless, not be without an Inrcrweaviu; of bitter myrrh and piercing thorns. Serious woik is before you with its concomitant sever? struggle, and with sad disapp dntment*. perhaps not if ew. You know the worl I h\tes us, and just con* standi in :i more, than usudiy thrcav.-ning batti« urr«y agiinst G.v.r< Ho'v Chiirch .!iui H\1 Oh;iit, Wb.i: UApp-jucd of election in M.tcedoiii.\ is verv 1 kc y h.u>pen to yoa iu Vict-ori^, so that—" Whilst y^u strive 10 ci<Mus^ your U frora all deU e n:ent of the lloih au<i ::u' spivi*, \erfec'in^ &.-.2CiiO-a.iioa in the iV.-ir of Goi—you yourself may hn-e no rest, su'acriifj: all trihv.U: on— kico:nbat5 without-and fc-irs within'' The jolici mde for aii the events of ail the churchcs under your juris-dictioy wiil dennn-.i the exer cisc of your pa^ror-I cure aud vi^iUnco; but vce ven-ure to sty thtt few considerations will riil vour mi:vi with eater anxiety aiiti -^prehension than the working of that biueful l.iw ot public eienien :ary education, which, enactcd in political hatred and haote, w;;faF.v shut its eye< to the claims of iuitice, .vud obsti \\-\Xelv ,i>idc the wvl'.-knoAn and or fnv bz-::cr nietns to irs astenjihle oi'iect; which, whilst it h:io decreed ^•aui>hiu^ut, 1 ko unto rtanzcroai brings, t Go 1 and to Chri^r, from the nuhiic instruction cf our yjith, deprives most unr.iir'y cf their jus: sh>-c in the dishurseniCnts or tne public tax-js, that into^ral p ;rt vf our common we-dth which c.m..ot, will 5;ot, brovk this implied blasphemy, cf :h.-it l.tw, which like its sTUviu, calicd *'c-unp-.fitory and free," has dis li^u'sed with U'-'xi despatLbtu the glorious codc of our constitutional linertic--. Vv.uir jsfiutrgle against thU evil infiuence wiil be a h ii d and an unremitting one. until those who ft'mis our laws shail undcr st-.!:d tnat it is neither honorable, nor to the furtherance of our common w^ai, f r a trzum pliant majority to trample under foot the natural right* of art tr.K-voted minority. \Ve kuju, howcve:: that in the spirit of your holy vocat o:i you shrink not from this for mi^able c.-ndict. As for u*, wc wili stan-l by your side, and so will, we ire convinced, v«.->ur faithful pet-pie, and under your wise and fearless direction will ataist you iu prevsntin^ the little ones, for whom L hrist has died, to fall into the ■ enart-4 of godless tuit'.on and the shades of eternal «ie<th. NVe respectfully tntreat your Lordship to | convey to his H-.>:iness our hu.'uoie gratitude for j ins having been pleased tociect this new EpUcjpai ' tiee of bamlhurst, and ft»r having placed you over it as its hrst Bishop. We tiiiceieiv wish ths.t tU« Almighty Ruler of all things wiil vouchsafe to your Lordship a long^ and prosperous reign over us; and that <t£tcr a life of health and success in this cause of solvation, He who comforteth the humble m :v co:ufort by victory and everlasting rewards ou the jireat -tay of Christ Jesus, your Lordslrp* your be'oved dock and ourselves, a so your faithful and devoted humble fellowiabiiers in the vineyard of salvation. On the part of the cienry of this <iioc-.se, Ki-.vm* Backhaul, Vicar General. To his L irdship the Kigat Kev. Dr. Martin Cr.m«T O.S.A.. rirst Bisiiop of Sandhurst, Victoria, on the day of hK solemn enthronement. I'enticost. l»»iu Mav l*7r>. fol To Uus address liis Lordship made the lowing reply; — Very llevercad and dearly beloved clergy—In replying to your beautiful address, I must confess that no words of mine cm sufficiently cor.v.-v to you an adequate idea those feelings of gratitude that I now cn:c-rtain towards you and all :be clergy of this new diocese of Sandhurst. Not only the cordid and hearty welcome that, yon have giveu nic, but av5-> the cr?at and holy zeal til ».t vo i havi manifested for God's jllory, and the salvation of souis. as well as the tribute of respect and atfec tioa which you h ive offered me, r.nder it impera tive on mv part to tcuuer uuto you, as I now do, n:v most sincere and grateful acknowledgments. 1 fed my heart ovej.Uovniig with c^peci.tl joy at •that beautiful piofe>sion of frfith by which you hail me as the link that unites you to the Apostolic £ee —the piliar and ground of truth. Kiev-u^al as I li jx am, though unworthy, to the episcopal* othce of the illustrious Pontiff who now sits on the throne of Peter, and assuming by his commaud the pasto ral charge of this new see of Samihursr, 1 aw en coaraged. while accepting the rc-sponVibiUty, by the ttibvUe of devotion, rtspect, and obcdience, which you. beloved clergy, h-vvu ottered me to-day, as the representative in this dioov-oe of the illustrious p!>ntiif Pope Pius IX. I kuow your idety and zevd for the interest-: ot r-ligtun; therefore, supported by your ca-operatiou, uuice-i to the blessing of the lioly Father, I hiv-j every confidence , tinder Gjd that religion will tioutUh in this dioceio in the promotion of God's glory ;vnd ; the salvation of His people. I myself shall labor , with you; shall work with you i.i the same tie Id; for wc are all engaged in th_4 Mine work. A« long : as Or>d gives me life and strength, I shall bs» found ; at the post of duty, having, in conjunction with j you, my beloved clergy—no other object, no other ; ambition in view but the salvation of .hose dear ! children of Jesus Christ tnifc hav? been entrusted ] zo my c^.re. To cirry out this grcar object, I shall, 1 xhroagb you tud our f^ith:ui ps cplfc, endeavor ta build churches, increase tho number of priests, establish schools and provi e teachersi espc-i.idy religious cotninun'.tirs. t»> instruct i-ur .utio chil dren n-'t- mer-Iy i:; the dutiv5 tiu-y 10 so^ivty. but CSTHCl-JiV »0 tl.0 --iMi'.'jS tl.t'V 0~»*0 t ■ vOd. For, exrv-sed ."-5 they nov arr to so runny dangers, *e zi;u?t a: ail hazards secure to our d^ar _chiid:eu a c.>::ti::uAn~e of rhr.t i.u:2e'.c?s trc^sa.c of faith «?.u iancccnce that they received at he 0 ipnsrual font. In r,v:r .vlclr- ss v.-", have spolc-.n strongly on the great qu'rst:;.-:: of Ki te;".:.'", j. aC• • ■ e v*:th^ your sentiments. a*.:-.! s;:ru; co-c-p.-ra'.v witiiyouiii en deavoring to provide for cur children a «rstci& of ednotion, foundvd not merely out 110 ;io\iv.siti not the knowledge neevSiary for tneir advancement in life, bur aho and especially on the Acquisition of that moral training of the hiart- that will lead to the love and worship uf the true God. Therefore, every system of education that repudiates G-d by excluding religion from our schools must be necessarily condemned. And why? Because we see that such systems Itad to thedntro auction of the terrible doctrines iiotso prevalent^ in society—of A*he:s;u ani Pantheism. May God preserve us and our dear ch:I I re n from such an ap palling calamity. Dear reverend fathers, before con cluding, I must say a few words on another..subject contained in your address. \ou ha-"e alluded to His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, who, be fore Sandhurst was created into ;v See, exercised jurisdiction over tlie whole colony of Victoria. F'Oin the commencement of his pastoral charge, now more than ?. quarter of a century. he has, as is evident ro all, been c?::::nu*liy laboring to plant the faith, and spread the truths of the Gospel in every part "f the colony: and i* is ro his continual zeal and solicitude in building churches, founding lUtesions, and sprc-.ding religion through the land that you a-e indebted for the uvor conferred upon you hy the Ifoiv .Father in orectin*r Sandhurst into an episcopal See. Ana now iiis Holiness has raised me to the dignity of its tirst bishop. I feel proud and happy that I am one of His Graces suffragan*, for I snal; have the aid of his experi ence and good example to guide and direct me in the fulfilment of the duties of the nisi-or.t.1 charge. He is trrly entitled to the re«peerand veneration of I both ci.rgy and people no: only of the dioc se, but of the whole oniony of Vicori.u May God preserve His G:ace for ir. uiy yeats to his people. Dear, reverend fathc.s. I again thank yon from my heart. May God enable you and :ne to discharge efficiently ths duties of tno sacrod ministry for the benefit of our beloved people—our dear ilock in Jesus Christ. In compliance with your request, I shall, in due time, convey to His Holiness your thanks for hav ing erected Sandhurst into an Kpiscopal Se*, and for having placed me over it ns its firwt bishop. The next address was from the laity of the diocese, and it was road by His Honor Judge Duuue;— May it pleas> your Lordship,—It is with feelings of unalloyed happiness and pleasure that- we, on behalf of the Catholic Ldty of Sandhurst, :tnd the neighboring districts, welcome vour Lordship to this, the scene of your future labors and under- j takings in the cause of God, and His most Holy Church, The joy we experience on 5;e:t>g you amongst us is only equalled by our gratitude to our most Holy Father Pias IX , who, in ihepleni tude | of his zeal for the advancement of our sacred reli gion, ttud his anxiety for the spirifcu ^.welfare of his children, lias conferred upon us t^c great and inestimable boon of appoiutmg your Lordship to watch over, and direst us in the paths of virtue and religion. We sincerely (congratulate you 00 your elevation to the digiiity bf first Bishop of-this large, and iniporUnt diocesc, and upon your safe arrival in this'country, and are thankful to God that you hare escaped the-dangers of a long and perilous voyage. The diocese over which your lordship will preside, although composed of districts many of;, them scattered aud remote, Contains a ' large Catholic popu ation, whicV, uuder your* fostering care, will, we hope, prove a fruitful soil wherein" CathoUcuy stimulated and invigorated by your presence, and iuuder yourgaidance and direction, will continue to flourish and take firm ro^t. Asiuriug vour Lordship of our s*ic id fast aud uuai* ■ terable allegi inoe to that glorious church to which we have the happiness ami honor to belong, we join in pniving th.it Almighty G^J may leave you long with us, and this :u you advance in years, so may you advance in the love ami veneration of your flock; We subscribe onrse ves. your Lordship's most faithful and obedient, servants, JoSETH Hksrt chairman of the rjceptiou commitwa; ThuSDES, tre .surer; FiSAXCIS ;TASDT,tl FiU.VK Macoboy. • . > : J - j In his reply his Lordship expressed the deep ■ sense of gratitude he felt towards" those who had presented it. It would be his duty ever to de serve the confidence thry had placed in his hand,, and he assured them that he would .strive earnestly to deserve it. He agreed with them " in the necessity there was for strictly watch-, ing the education ot the children of h'.s flock. and he doubted not that with the assistance of the clergy aud laity they would be able to supply. the requisites necessary to ensure a systcai which would prove beneficial to all. Mr. Bart lev read the tollowiug address from the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society:— The Right Rev. Martin Crane, D.D., O.S.A., Bishop of Sandhurst.—May it please your Lord ship,—We, the members of Sr. Kilian's Church of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society, hasten to greet and welcome your Lordship on arrival in this ciry, a:i l to express our gratitude to our H ily Father in creating this portion of the colo:iy a separate diocese, and raising j our Lordship to the htijli dignity of being; its first Ebnop. The chief objects of our uni.>n, a^s set forth in our regis tered law, are to cherish the memory of that land from which the maj*risy of us received our birth; to be vracri^ *"1 iivin^ .li'.i.i't of oar iioly C;iurch; to provMe acruns; those casualties ot sick tics? and 'iistress ro which ail arc liable; to aid the ! weak ami crunfort the mourner. We hope that tho>e principles may commend themselves to _ favor, aua that, uuder your Lord-hip's he- 1 ni^n an.i fostering c.i:c, the meiibers of our Society lu.y extend and flourish over this as well as over the other parts of Aus-. tr.ilasu. We pray to Almighty Ood that your L^rd-hip may long cmtiuue to watch over and ad minister re the spiritual wants of your rt >ck With; wisdom ana honor, ana beg to subscribs ourselves, your Lordship's faithful and obedieQfc servants—' (Signed on behalf of the members)—TbOMAS iiLLiVAX, President: Thomas O'Hallokax, Vice president; John' Bautlkv, Treasurer; PxTKICK la reply hi? Lordship expressed the gratifi cation ho felt at the reception of the address* tie said tie had seen some of the rules of the society, a:u; ot these he thoroughly approved, ;vs wellasof the sentiments expressed in the address. As to the objects ot" the society, of providing for the needs and exigences of the. sick and dis tressed, tHey were ot a hi-rh and holy nature. He was proud to see that they b;>re in mind so well the preat land from which they had sprunir, the land which had done so much for the church to which they belonged, and was still tirm and steadfast in its faith, lie cmtld only a^ain : thank them tor their kindness in presenting the address. Mr. Cahill read the. last address, which was from the Xative Catholics : — To the High" Kevetend Martin Crane, 0 IX, first Lord Bishop of Sandhurst. M i v i: pie se your Lordshio,— We, the Austra ian horn Catholic.-; of Sandhurst, b-^ to approach your L >:dship w,:a sentiments of ti• i il alfectio:i. and to h tii your advent to your diocese with the nm>t profound love when venerable a^.d holy priests of the church militant are enduring poverty. immis.mmen:. ..ad exile through Anti Cini-tiau Irvs, enacted and administered bv impious mco for the subversion of reunion in Prus ia, when the altirj of our h.dv church are desecrated in Ituy and in •'v.wttier'and, it is a'sour.u of great graticiiation for us to know that our Holy Father the Pope is from his priso'i in the Vatican extending the Hierarchy u- the utmost ends of the earth, and that his Holiness has not been unmindful of the spiritu il wants of his ehd u<eu in Sandhurst. Descended as most of us arc from that " iirepressible race *' that in other day* suffered persecution, likewise for us faith, and sealed with its blood its devotion u the chair of St Peter, ii is a further gratirination to u? that his Holiness has appointed us first Bi>hop of i« hurst a Prelate, wnose n.tine has boen i le:i; ided with the sacr-.-d work of building up the ruined altars and resuscitating religion in th.' hoiy land of our aspiratims—the home uf our fathers. We will, under your Lordship's apostolic Mip.-rinteiidt/Uce, cause our children to be instrucvd in those gieat ! principles of Christian doctrine, without waieh all secular scholastic attainments are bat- as dross, aud we will endeavor by every legitimate means in our power to secure the same advantages for all other Catholic children. Wo earnestly pray that, the days of your L">rd>hip\s epi^cap u-y :a lv he h>:ig in the land, that every comfort and h ipp ness m iv attend thorn, aud that your apostolic labors miy :>•/ blesM'd by the religious and mora! improvements of the fold entrusted to cue. We beg leave to j subscribe «-urselves, your Lord>hip* dutiful and i obedient children iu Christ, .U. J. Cahill, P. X. j Devise, J. La>-igax. I His Lordship having responded in suitable 1 terms, lie pronotiueed the Benediction and the j proceedings terminated. j At a pvriui in the world's history. 