When it was announced that the newly installed Bishop of Ballarat had arrived in Australia, and had taken charge of his diocese, equally of new creation, the good people of Avoca and all around, especially those belonging to the Episcopal body manifested, as they have done and as it is fitting and proper to do, a warm interest on the occasion. The right rev. gentleman has lost no time in making himself personally known to the many congregations over which he has inferentially the spiritual control, and, if we may judge of the published accounts, which we are fully justified in believing are correct and entirely unprejudiced, the im pression the Bishop has made is one of confidence and esteem. The Incumbent, Trustees, and officers of St. John's Church at Avoca, with the other gentlemen who take a prominent interest in the well doing of the branches scattered around, have not only shown a lively concern in the reception of their diocesan, but have gone about their work in a spirit of hearty good will and determination: to show the depth of their meaning, and a full desire that it should be understood by members of all denomina tions. This most praiseworthy feeling must have been noticed to the full in the ob servances and proceedings of. Sunday last and yesterday, which afforded throughout abundant, and sincere pleasure. The occur rence of an accident to the carriage of Mr. Carr, P.M., which was sent to meet tho Bishop at Maryborough, occasioned some little apprehension, but although the pole was broken, nothing, we are happy to say, happened beyond a slight personal in convenience ; and our visitor, who has been the guest of the Rev. E. K. Yeatman, In cumbent of St. John's Church, reached the parsonage with Mrs Thornton, in good health and safety. A very large congregation assembled at the Church on Sunday morning, there being room for not one more comfortably. The interior of the building was festooned with flowers and evergreens, a magnificent vase of the choicest blooms of earth's natural beauties decorating the communion table. The services morning and evening were most impressively conducted and the atten tion of the congregations was of that order in which — "Golden silence reigns, with higher sense Than clashing cymbals and loud voices tell of—. A peaceful conqueror." In this we do not of course include the very high-class rendering of the anthems and sacred songs given, which beautifully ap pealed to " that other sense" in harmonic cadences. The sermons of Bishop Thorn ton were thoroughly to the purpose, and — what is more — well understood. Their chief characteristic was earnest simplicity and a touching appealing manner to the heart's best sympathies. It was evident the preacher meant every word he said, and he happily conveyed his meaning in such language as could be understood by all who heard him. The choir, in which we were pleased to recognise voices from other congregations, gave most effective rendering to the beauti ful music chosen, and Mr Powell, who pre sided at the harmonium, through every chord told of the accomplished and ex perienced organist. It is a received conclusion in these days that celebrations of this nature must be followed by and include a tea meeting— an institution of the land which, undoubtedly, has a charm of its own. For this prepara tions on a liberal scale were made, and yesterday the Shire Hall exhibited a pro fusion of the results of the " touch of dainty fingers" only to be appreciated by those who assembled to the "tea," and demolished thereafter by the bevy of youngsters who form the variegated fringe, as it were, of such occasions. The lady contributors were:-- No 1 Table- — Mrs Yeatman and Mrs Brad- shaw; assisted by Miss Stowe, and Mrs Whitrow; Mrs Worsley Mrs Carr, and Mrs Chomley, assisted by Mr Klingelhoefer, No 2 Table ; — Mrs W. Goodshaw and Mrs S. Goodshaw, assisted by Miss Hall, and Miss K. Hall; Mrs Earle and Mrs McMahon, assisted by Miss Earle, and Miss E. Earle. No 3 Table:— Mrs Whitley and Miss Wise, assisted by Miss McDonald; Mrs Sweet and Mrs Smith, assisted by Miss J. Martin, Miss Reid, and Miss J. Reid. As many as could possibly be accommodated in the first "relay" having taken their places, and the Bishop and Mr Yeatman not having arrived, Mr Carr, P.M., as requested, gave a short opening address. He observed that it was evident something had happened which had detained the Bishop and the Vicar, and the Committee had deputed him to open the proceedings, and seeing so many present and everybody, especially the juveniles, anxious and ready, he thought it best to commence without further delay. The grace, as given out by the Rev. D. O'Donnell, was then sung by the choir, and "the tea" made rapid but certain progress. In the interval of clearing the tables a short service was held at the Church, as announced, at which a full congregation was present. A portion of the evening service was read, and the choir adorned it with well executed selections from that mass of sacred music which is now unapproachable for ex pressive beauty, if interpreted with feeling and intelligence, which was the case here. The Bishop gave a short sermon from the Old Testament, inculcating the duties of action in the salvation of mankind. On the return to the hall there was in creased demonstrativeness, and it was not without the exercise of muscular energy that the appointed places on the platform were filled and the choir contrived to arrange themselves, and when they had done so they sang the glorious Old Hundredth Psalm "All people that on Earth do dwell," in which the large audience emphatically joined. A prayer in devotional and fitting language was then offered up by the BRv. E. K. Yeatman, the Chairman, who spoke some introductory sentences, under visible emotion, observing that a man might look upon a crowd at one time with very different feelings than at others, and when he re garded the vast concourse before him his heart was filled with joy at the sight of the faces full of happiness and true expression. We rejoiced, because we have placed over us now a head of the Church nearer than Melbourne. The late Bishop had felt that his diocese was too large for him, and al though we had the greatest regard for him, we already felt that we could welcome his successor gladly. He had never passed two happier days of his life than yesterday and that day. He loved and respected every one present, and thought all would do their best to carry out the good work so happily begun. The speaker urged the value of combination, illustrating the grains of corn in the field and the sands of the sea shore. In a very short time the Bishop had won many hearts, and the best results must come in the good time. (Applause.) Here an episode occurred which, al though creating no little amusement, caused much consternation. "The Music was lost !" " Who had seen the music?" This dreadful state of things was, after a little — a very little — hindrance, happily put an end to by the discovery of the books of crotchets, quavers and score in a snug place which had been forgotten in the excitement of the time, and the lamentation over " lost notes" merged into smiles. Mr Carr then was called on to speak, and remarked that it was one of the glorious privileges of a Christian to take part in occasions such as these. The warmest thanks of all were due to the Right Rev. the Bishop for coming amongst us, and he was sure Christians of all denominations would tender him a most hearty and loving wel come. Although with us for the first time, Dr. Thornton had already taught us the value of the boon granted to us. We lived in an age of wild opinions, and it had be come well known to thinking minds that the efforts of one man like Dr. Thornton could effect a vast deal more good than those of many whose spheres of action were limited. Mr Carr then in feeling and earnest terms presented to the Bishop an address from the Incumbent, Trustees, Committee, and Con gregation, amidst loud aud continued de- monstrations of cheering. This address was printed in colours on white satin at the Mail Office, and was given in the shape of a scroll. It was as follows : — "To the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, — Dear Sir, — We, the Incumbent, Trus tees, Guardians, and Members of the Congregation of St John's Church, Avoca, beg to offer you our most sincere congratulations on this your first visit to this portion of the extensive diocese over which you have been called upon to preside. The gift of a chief pastor, conferred upon us in the person of one in whom we can confide for the faithful dis charge of his high and holy office, is indeed a blessing for which we cannot be sufficiently thank ful to Him who is the Great Head of the Church. In tendering you our most hearty welcome and earnest sympathy in the glorious work you have undertaken, we cannot but feel that your presence amongst us will, with God's blessing, strengthen us in our Christian course, and help us to look more faithfully to the future. May you long con tinue to enjoy the health and happiness as well as the spiritual and intellectual gifts which have been bestowed upon you, and may you always be what you now are, a loving and zealous laborer in the blessed cause of Christianity — We are, Right Rev, Sir, yours faithfully and affectionately, — E. K. Yeatman, Incumbent; C. W. Carr, for the Congregation L. Worsley, for the Trustees ; Frank Wilson, for the Guardians." -— Avoca, November 15th, 1785." In reply the Bishop, who was very warmly and sincerely greeted, said, Mr Carr, rev. Incumbent, Trustees and Congregation of St. John's Church, Avoca. It is no formality for me to acknowledge the reception of this address from you. Believe me I am deeply gratified by the kind expressions contained in it. They are very warm in them selves, but I thoroughly and heartily believe in them, and such expressions of high esteem shall be laid by me, in my thoughts and prayers, at the foot of the Saviour. From the short but very pleasant and comforting experience I have had, I believe the people of Avoca will not forget the Bishop of their Church. I will say nothing further just now as I shall make a few observations later in the evening but, most heartily thank you. (Prolonged applause,) Mr L. Worsley, barrister at law, then addressed the meeting, saying that he had been deputed to present an address from Ministers of other de nominations, and lay readers. If he consulted his own feelings he should have hesitated before speak ing after the eloquence the audience had heard from other lips; but he sincerely hoped that after the exposition of God's word which he had heard twice yesterday, and again this evening, it would not be presumption in him to say that, al though he deeply felt all that the rev. the Bishop had told them, he believed his words must have entered the hearts of every individual who listened to his utterances. {Mr Worsley here presented the address, which was engrossed and illuminated, amid every demonstration of approval.] The Bishop replied— Mr Worsley and dear friends, I am sure you will forgive me if I speak with feeling. Although I have had the pleasure of receiving many addresses, this is the first of the kind I have yet had presented to me since my arrival in the diocese. I have full faith in the ex pressions you have given, and believe in the good will involved in them. I must say a word of acknowledgement to the ministers of other de nominations. You have made no mistake in expect ing to find the new Bishop a brother in the Lord, and I assure you the reception of this address will form a subject of hearty, congratulations in other parts of the diocese. It is peculiarly gratifying to me, and from the bottom of my heart I thank you for it— (great applause). Mr Frank Wilson, hon. secretary to the Church Committee, then read an address from the Super intendent and teachers of the Sunday school, in a few appropriate remarks, which the Bishop grace fully received, saying that he had worked in that service in years gone by. He had been delighted with the attention the children had paid to the words he had spoken to them, and trusted that the good seed which had been sown would return abundant fruit to bless the sowers. Solo, Mrs Carr, "Entreat me not to leave thee." Solo, Mr Burston. Both these were admirably sung. The Rev. D. O'Donnell was then called on, and observed that he really felt quite disturbed when his name was mentioned, but could not do otherwise than say a few words on this auspicious occasion, for if ever he occupied a place on a platform with joy, that feeling existed in him to-night. He was glad to have lived sufficiently long in Avoca to witness the proceedings attendant upon the Bishops reception. He had heard much of the Rev. Dr. Thornton, and could say that, having had the opportunity, he never enjoyed the service of the Sabbath so much as yesterday. He fully concurred in the language of the addresses, and, tho' not a member of the Episcopalian Church, could say that when in the land to which he was now called away, he should never forget the visit of the Bishop of Ballarat to Avoca. They might believe him when he declared that his heart was inditing what his lips were expressing. Much had been heard of Christian charity and oneness, but he never listened to such good expositions of them as fell from the Bishop's lips. He had foregone the services of his own church to give the members of it an opportunity of hearing one whom he believed to be a thorough, earnest man of God. The out come of all celebrations such as the present, he believed would be a broader catholicity and a better understanding among Christirns of every denomina tion. Here the speaker alluded to and explained a contretemps which had happened to the Bishop on his journey from Maryborough to Avoca, and humorously gave his account of it. He hailed with delight the coming of the Bishop, believing that it would be the cause of rejoicing in all the Episco palian churches— (loud cheering). Mr and Mrs Burston then sang " But thou didst not leave," from the " Messiah." After explanations from the Chairman relative to the absence of the Revs. G. Mather and Collier, whose sympathies were with them, the choir then gave with precision and good effect the chorus " Incline thine ear." The Very Rev. the Bishop then rose and said, — " When a speaker rises to address an audience at five minutes to ten o'clock his words should be few, but I must first allude to the explanation of Mr O'Donnell, which is quite satisfactory even if it were needed, and I feel sure that, under ordinary circumstances, if the rev. gentleman was in a posi tion to help another such help would be cordially rendered. I certainly have been what may be called ' a broken-down Bishop,' but, under all that happened, the escape from further damage was fortunate. I have been asked during my stay here what I thought of Avoca, and I must say that I have been delighted with everything that I have met with. The kind reception, the beautiful scenery, which I hope if any Irishmen are present they will excuse me for saying far surpasses the vale of the same name in their own country. I have been met with every act of brotherly feeling, and have also been asked if I was empowered or permitted to go to tea meetings, and considering that I have already been to nineteen the answer must be sufficiently obvious, and I have scarcely had time to exercise the Englishman's privilege of grumbling. I am reminded of the sayings, 'a Scotchman is never at home unless he's abroad,' 'An Irishman never contented unless he's fighting', and 'An Englishman is never happy unless he's grumbling,' I cannot do the latter, for I have found in this country the same warm hearts as in the old, and here everything flourishes, and why not religion? I came out in my humble way to try and develope still further the doctrines of the grand old church and to endeavour to spread them wider abroad, and to do good in efforts to save immortal souls — to keep them in health. There is a curious idea about doctors. They should be fined when people became ill and rewarded for keeping them in good health. Three great great essentials are found in Australia —good air, exercise and plenty of diet. I have been astonished at the tremendous appetites of some of the young Australians. So it should be with the church ; there should be free air, plenty of ventilation and plenty of room. The very name attaching to a cathedral in the old country, the ' cathedral close,' has a mustiness about it. There should be not only a good bracing atmosphere but the biting air of free criticism. Then above all there is the 'upper air.' In this true work should be done. We must get to work there, without which we cannot get warm. It is found that during hot winds those who are at work do not feel their oppressiveness much. Every body should be at work, through which pre eminence can only be obtained. Now that State aid to religion is abolished, we must depend upon ourselves and our own exertions." Here the Bishop graphically told an anecdote of a shark which got on the deck of the vessel in which he came out, and the consternation it created until killed; and drew an apt analogy between that and the shark that comes amongst us to do evil. " We should have good diet— good food from the pulpit— and should have good clergymen. There is a fund now called the Sustentation Fund, and this should be well supported. No question at the present time is more momentous than that of how the good work is to be carried on, but Christ is always with us to the end of the world. I am glad to hear the Chairman speak so hopefully, and came here myself imbued with that spirit. I again thank you for the kind reception accorded to me." Anthem, " Hear my prayer." The chairman then thanked the ladies who pro vided the liberal tea, and acknowledged in warm terms the efficient services of the ladies and Gentle men who formed the choir, and who had afforded so much real pleasure. The benediction by the Bishop concluded one of the pleasantest and most successful evenings among the many Avoca has ever experienced. The accompaniments and voluntaries were played by Mr Powell with the true feeling and artistic knowledge of a practised and skilled musician, and especial thanks are due to that gentleman for his exertions throughout the whole proceedings. An entertainment was given on Friday evening- last at the new School House, Amphitheatre, which, like everything of a similar character inaugurated at this pretty village, was entirely successful. The object was to aid the funds of the Ballarat Benevo lent Asylum, and the room was crowded by a most attentive and discriminating audience, the excellent order kept being in pleasing contrast to the whistling, stamping, and other wretched demonstrations we are too frequently compelled to hear nearer home. Mr George Pinch was the official chairman, and introduced the numbers on the programme with appropriateness. Mr and Mrs Burston of Percydale, charmed everybody with their singing and playing, and had to pay the penalty of encores for every thing they essayed. Miss Hammond warbled with her usual good taste and sweetness, and Mr C. Hall gave " Shamus O'Brien", and another recita- tion with true elocutionary force. Indeed all was well done and thoroughly appreciated, and if we make exceptions they are warranted by excellence. M r A. F. Cranz not only accompanied the singers with his well known skill, but was at the pains of conveying his own pianoforte from Avoca, as none was obtainable at Amphitheatre. This is a want which, we should think, would speedily be remedied by future entertainments given for the purpose in which we are sure many of Avoca would join, We are indebted for the account of a concert held at the Springs on Friday evening last for the benefit of the Ballarat Hospital, at the School house there, which realized the very handsome result of £35 odd, clear of all expences. There was a crowded audience under the able control of Mr Schultze, J. P., every available piece of room being occupied. The singing of Mrs Schuhze, Mrs Buttterfly, the Misses Dewar, Schultze, and Simmons, and Messers Bult, Butterly, Maslin, and Coates was extremely good, particularly may be mentioned " Out on the Rocks" by Miss Simmons, "Belle Mahon" by Miss Dewar who accompanied herself, "Denny Byrne the piper" by Mrs Butterly. All the pieces given were most creditable and presented a marked improvement on similar gatherings. We regret space will not permit us to notice this agreeable entertainment for so good a purpose at greater length, We have been requested to announce that the meeting of the Committee and subscribers to the Mechanics Institute has been postponed until Tues day evening next. Mr James M'Henle, Anglo Chinese linguist, writing to the Cooktown Courier, gives the follow ing reasons for the reluctance of the Chinese to bury the dead bodies of their countrymen. Accord ing to the laws of China, when a man dies in the house of a stranger, the proprietor is held responsible for his death, and if he has wealth in his possession, finds himself mulcted in a considerable sum of money to be paid over to the relatives of the de- ceased, for the loss they are supposed to have sus tained through the death of their relative. No doubt the legislator who formed this law thought that he was creating a safe guard for the lives of men. But it has had an opposite effect. When a man dies under the care of his relatives there is no notice taken thereof, but mark the op- posite effects. When a man becomes sick among strangers he is taken out and left to die on the highway, which being the property of the Govern ment, compromises nobody. The law, as it stands and is acted on, has stiffed every feeling of humanity, incredible to those unacquainted with the laws of China. But the evils do not end here. When a man dies; the house by such becomes polluted, and to cleanse it from such is costly work. The ghost and devils are expelled by a priest, who does the work by sprinkling the house with holy water, and burning incense, at the same time running through the house vociferating, with a naked sword in one hand, which he strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in the other hand to bind them, and finally winds up. the performance by plastering on the walls some charms written in enigmatical characters, to keep the devils from entering the house and doing the inmates harm, who could not otherwise have rested contented therein, until assured that the devils were kept out by these infallible preventives. A striking proof of the goodness and genuineness, of the pigments employed by the old painters is furnished by the fact that the large picture attributed to Paul Veronese, which is now being exhibited at the Mechanics' Intitute in this city, has become much brighter in color since it was un packed and exposed to the light. Some parts of iti look, in fact, as if they had been retouched, aW though, of course, this has not been the case, as any such tampering with it would impair its value. It is evident from the fact that Titian's pictures retain their brilliancy of color to this day, while some of those of Sir Joshua Reynolds, and many of Sir Thomas Lawrence's, are already faded, that the old masters had better, . because honester, materials to work with than the moderns— Argus. Sir George Bowen is to leave San Francisco by the mail steamer on the 8th December, and by the same steamer Sir Julius Vogel is expected to re-, turn to New Zealand. Sir George Bowen will probably reach Melbourne about the second week in January. As an instance of the rapid manner in which settlement is now going on in the Wimmera district, it was incidentally mentioned to the Minister of Railway by a deputation that, while in 1871 there were only 161 ratepayers on the roll of the shire, next year there would be about 4,000. We (Herald) have received a letter from Mon sieur Martin Simonsen, dated Hamburgh 29th September, in which he informs us that it is the intention of himself and Madame Fanny Simonsen to return to Melbourne, where they intend to settle down, and pursue their professional career. The public will gladly hail the arrival of these great artistes. They leave London on the 14th of October by the good ship Norfolk. Our ( Geelong Advertiser ) Melbourne correspon dent writes : — " It is privately whispered in political circles that Mr Wrixon, the hon. member for Bel- fast, will be offered the post of Solicitor General. At the Railway Department Mr Jones continues to perform the duties of the office." The following account of a shocking act of brutality by a sea captain was telegraphed to the Otago Daily 2imes from Auckland on October 30 — " Whilst the ship Bartholomew Gosnold, recently arrived at the Bay of Islands, was lying at Strong Island, Solomon's Group, repairing and stopping a leak, in August last, two Tahitian sailors deserted, on account of being so ill treated by the captain and chief officer. As soon as the vessel was repaired the captain sent the vessel to sea, himself remaining with the second officer and a boat's crew to try and find these two Tahitians. After a search, the two men were found on the top of a very high tree. The captain was so enraged that he gave immediate orders to the seamen to cut the tree down, but they refused. The captain then ordered some of the islanders who set to work to cut it down. When half through, the King of the island wished the captain to let the tree remain, as the "men would soon come down for water and something to eat but the inhuman captain would not heed his en treaties. Before the tree fell the two poor un-. fortunate Tabitiaris bound their eyes with parts of their clothing, so as not to see their approaching fate. After the tree had fallen on the rock below one poor fellow was found to be completely crushed the flesh being torn from his body, and his entrails protruding. Although quite unconscious, he lingered long enough to reach the ship, about five miles from land, and then expired. The body was put into a canvas bag and thrown mto the sea. The other poor fellow is till on board the vessel suffering very much from the fall, and is at times quite insane. This is one of the greatest acts of inhumanity, ever perpetrated amongst the Pacific Islands by a shipmaster who pretends to be an up holder of the Church Mission in America.1 The Maryborough Advertiser says : —" All the railway and telegraph officials in any was connected with the recent collision on the Castlemaine and Maryborough line, have been suspended from duty pending an inquiry into the circumstances, which will be held as soon as Mr Crabtree is able to give evidence. Mr Crabtree last night was going on most favourably and getting well rapidly. On Sunday morning the Williamstown water police recovered the body of John Tait, jun., aged about 20 years, the son of Mr Tait, newspaper- proprietor of Collingwood, at the mouth of the Yarra, near Williamstown, The body had been caught in a breach of the stone wall at the mouth of the river, or it would have been swept out to sea. During the early part of the day a large number of the members of the Yarra Yarra Rowing Club, to- which deceased belonged, accompanied by Majors Sleep and Parnell, met at Humbug Reach, the spot where the unfortunate roan was seen to sink, and discharged five torpedoes, but nothing was seen of the body, wh c.i was not expected to come to the sur face until this morning. From the position of the body when found U is evident that an undercurrent rausthave carried it to the spot, or it would other- reach — 4 seen by tbe search at tha The returns to the subject of Sir William otawell s refusal of a dissolution, and says ; — " Had the Crown in England dared to do what he did. the whole country would haye been ablaze with indignation. We should have beard ©fall the agitation of the reform era over again. There would have been mass meetings in everv great centre in thektngdom, and the House of Commons would have been besieged by an excited multitude, clamouring for an immediate and unqualified vindication of its rights and privileges from the attack made upon them by the Crown. No rainis- n i uVe ?n'ure(1 t0 take office as Sir James u oc \ has done, till the Crown had been forced o re race its sleps. Part quarrels would have been S 6lii 61 ) 'he wrong done had been repaired, ftn - 8. P"16? W0U'J have made common cause against the author of it. This would have been the course adopted by our countrymen at home ; and w at we want to know is why should we be required to tatnely submit to a similar abuse of the preroga- 've " part of the agent of the Crown. Why should we be content to let go the rights which we should have enjoyed had we lived in Middlesex ins ead of in Victoria. " A meeting of the Cabinet, savs the Argus was held on Saturday, at which the details the Govern- T"' Proposals to be submitted to Parliament were all but tin ally determined upon. The first matter which will occupy the attention of the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday will be the address of tha remier, explanatory of" the course of business marked out by the Government, and the financial statement will probably be made jon the next dav. 