rhsi WIDOW CASH. A Dear Hunt. They got in at Pekio, and sat down before me in the car — a fat, placid old lady, with a droning voice like the continuous purr of an anoient and sleepy cat, and a lean, tall, grizzled old man, with pursed-up lips and watery eyes. There seemed to be do end of bundles in their arms : there was a big faded earpet-bag of the very oldest fashion, that wont under the old lady's feet, for she was short. " Set right down, wife — set right down, I tell' ye, 'nd I'll push it under yer feet ; it '11 be amazin' handy to keep 'em ont o' draughts." When that was pushed nnder the end of the seat, there was a great yellow bandbox, quite the worse for wear, to be squeezed into Hie rack above, causing deep anxiety on the old lady's part. " For the laud's sake ! don't ye smash it, John; my best bunnet's in't, and if them bows get bent out o' shape, I do'no' what on airth 1 can do to't. Loraiuy she fixed 'cm real nice, 'nd — " " Oh, pshaw ! pshaw ! women- folks aro tiers in a pucker. I ain't a-goin' to break your bonnet: there now. Where's the flag root?" A long bundle was laid up beside the band box. " I guess I'll put up the bag o' wa'nuts ; they'll jest slip in easy." And np went the bag with a littlo tin pail over it ; and before the couple were free to sit down quietly and hunt for their tickets there had appearod, besides the parcels al ready detailed, a willow basket with two covers, redolent of apples, a stone jug, and a flat bundle carefully tied up in a red and yellow silk handkerchief. After much huntiug in pockets the tickets were found and delivered, and bofore we came to the rocky pass of Satan's Kingdom the old couple had settled into quietness, and begun to enjoy their journey. But not its pictnresqueness. The frowning rocks above ns ; the sullen whirling river below, black as Styx ; the sharp cliff on the other side, along whose face, on a terrace blasted out from the> rocks, ran the gleaming lineB of another railway ; the few trees that looked shuddcr- ingly down upon us — all these did not arrest my two neighbors. They were discussing their visit to. Pckin in an even flow of talk that I oould not but hear ; only a part of it, however, I need to repeat, since it held for me a significance I knew not at the time. . " Lorainy Cose' is a good gal ; yes, she's a fast-rate good gal," muttered the old man, ns his wife finished telling him how the person in question had "fixed up my Sunday bun- net as good as new." \- "It was a mysterious providence that took him away so young," ho went on. " So 'twas— so 'twas," answered his wife, " But ho was dreadfully headstrong, Thomas was. He might ha' knowed the ice wouldn't ha' bore bim after such a thaw. They do say Lorainy begged of liim to stay to hum, but 'twas sdlcrs yea and amen with him. He stnek to what he'd calc'lated to do tighter'n wax; so the got drowned, as he might' ha' expeoted, 'nd left her a ' widder, 'nd she only jest nineteen. It's dreadful hard on her to hev ber 'dictions come along so early, as you may Bay. Still, sho does seem .to be pretty cherk, artcr all, most times. Miss Elbert Case sbe says 'twas a kind o' mistake Lorainy 's a-marryin' Tom, anyway." "Why, how's that? Folks gener'lly know who they're a-marryin'." " Well, it was real queer. You Bee, Tom and Jim was both out to Californy, and Lorainy wasn't but sixteen years old. She'd had a first-rato education to Hartford, and she was' a beautiful singer; so when she went to Pekin to teach in the 'cadeiny, she took to singin in tho choir, and sot beside of Jane Case, and they struck up a kind of a intimacy, so to speak, and Jane she showed her tho boys' picturs; and you know Jim was real hansnm, but Tom was dreadful hard-favored of he was smart. "Well, 1 do'no' jest how it camo about, but what with tho boyB a-sondin' messages to 'Jenny's friend/ and Jane a-persuadin of her to answer back, it come to lottcr-writin' aforo long, 'nd it seems sho got tho boys' faces sorter mixed like, so't she thought .Tim was Tom, and fust she knew Tom offered marriage to her, and she kinder sorter took up witli him, and got his picture copied, that is to Bay, Jim's. And then Tom he wa9 coinin' back to be married, 'nd Jim went and got killed in the mine just two days afore Tom left, which was kinder luck, as you may say.; for when Tom did come home, lo and behold 1 Lorainy screamed right out, for she thought he was Jim, or a ghost, or what not. Anyway, it all come out, how she'd been a writin' to Tom aud a-carrying Jim's pictur ; and you'd better believe thero was trouble. ' But Tom ho wouldn't let her off nohow, after two years a-writin' back an' forth ; 'nd he'd got some ahead in life as to meanB, he'd about six thousand dollars, and could buy a farm, and Lorainy — well. 2 do'no' how she felt ; gals will be gals ; but they persuaded of her to marry Tom, 'nd, sure enough, 'twan't six months after 't he was drownded. Miss Elbert Case says 'twas a real providence, for they didn't scom to be overly happy. Tom was dreadfull rough, an' Lorainy she was pretty sperity, and seemed as though she'd married the wrong' man after all, and so " "Well, well, mother, mebbe Tom didn't ee the providence in't so quick as Lorainy ; I should ha' said 'twos more keerlessuesa than providence that took a man out on rotten ioe; but Elbert Case's wife allors was a master-hand for providences. I'm glad Lorainy's provided for, anyway. She's a handsome little ureetur, 'nd as good B3 gold." "Oh my ! she ain'tprovided for, husband; that's the wust on't. He never made no will, so she hain't got nothin' but her thirds; she'll have to go to tenchin' ngin, onlcss her aunt, old Miss Fylcr, ont to Canaan, gives her a home. She's abundant able to do it, bnt she's kinder near, ye know." " I declare for't !" exclaimed the old man. " That makes me think ! Lorainy know we was a-goin' to Canaan, 'nd she give me her fictnr to take to Miss Fylcr, and I do'no' as should ha' thought on't agin, for 1 stuck it in this coat pocket." " Let's see it," said the old lady. So the photograph was taken from the envelope he produced, and very carefully inspected by both parties. " Favors her mother, don' she ? " said tho wife. " Thero ain' no Fyler looks there. She is real hansum, and as pretty a gal as there is anywhere around." "That's so," was tho ready response ; and then the photograph was further discussed, and all the Case family, or I thought so, till after I had been in Pekin myself, and found ont that every body in the town was either Case or Humphrey. But I did not listen long ; the road grew more and more attractive, and when at last wo steamed past Norfolk, and hissed along tho hill-side of the beautiful Canaan Valley, I was too absorbed in the series of exquisite pictures to . hear the incessant flow of villago gossip that went on and on in tho vernacular of New England both before aud behind me. At last I left my seat, with my bag and ahawl still lying thero, to stand at tho door of the oar, which was the lastof the train, nd watoli the lovely curves of meadow fold and unfold at tho foot of tho dark bills, here and there pntohes of sunshine lighting up fields of young grain, the fresh verdure of a cluster of maples, pink-heaped apple-trees, ' or the sudden glitter of tho little river that leaped and laughed through all, like a thread of new-molten silver. "Canaan!" shouted the brakemnn, ns to the south a still higher hill, crested with evergreens, arrested my sight, and 1 looked round just in timo to see my old pair of neighbors, struggling under their various bnndleB, disappear by the other door ; they might have disappeared then and there from my mind, but that, after watching Canaan Mountain and the bright, tranquil Housatonie disappear hi the distance, I re turned to my seat, and found a white en velope, unsealed, lying on tho floor. As I picked it up a photograph dropped out —it was no doubt "Lornmy's" likeness, which had slipped outside instead of into the old man's pocket. Yes, the slight figure was clothed in black ; even the round throat, un relieved by any whiteness, rose out of a crape rnfile. 1 know enough of ladies' dress to perceive that, at least; but tiie taco tooknll the " widow" similitude oven from crapo and merino. A photograph i3 often a caricature; thero are faces whoso beauty is so entirely in expression that the enforced stillness of sit ting for their pictures makes them utter un- likenesses ; but this face had a positive beauty of its own in delicate outline, large, pensive eyes, a sweet, full mouth, but a larking possibility of fun and spirit in the piquant nose and dimpled chin. It was a peculiar face, for all its beauty — unusual, interesting, full of suggeBtipn. No regu lar, faultless visage, no Madonna, no nymph, no goddess or angel was recalled by its aspect ; over the broad, full fore- bead the hair lay in loose waves, soft and shining, hut color was wanting, of course. It was a picture that took hold of me vitally, a face that 1 studied all day, that invaded my dreams, that — I may as well own it — took entire possession of me in twenty-four hours, and resolved me to find out the original as toon as might be. Per haps I hail better introduce myself. My name is Frank Goddard, and I was twenty- nine years old when I found the Widow Case's picture. It would be more according to the fitness of things, as depicted in the ordinary novel, had I been a poor but honest young man, with uncorrupted morals, preserving clean collars and a clear con science through tho dreadful trials and temptations of a clerk's life in the city ; but I was not. 1 was only a tolerable young lawyer, with plenty of well-to-do-relations, among whom were, two old maiden aunts who had spoiled me always, and now, hav ing just died, to my real sorrow, carried on a sort of posthumous petting by leaving me lifty-thousand well-invested dollars, anil a very pretty house and garden in an old New England town. 1 was not poor befuro ; now I was rich as I need be, and disposed to en. joy my money a little while before return- ing to the ollice, which T could well do, hav ing left in my place an old comrade and college chum, who was glad to step into a tolerable business, aud do all the work for a year or two, for pay now, and a partnership hereafter. So I left home, iuteuding to travel, and during the first hundred miles of my journey stnmblcd on the Widow Case's picture and my own fate. Don't sup pose I had never been in love before ; I bad, at loast twenty times ; 1 had a fatal facility at that sort of thing. I had been madly in love, refused, accepted, engaged, disengaged. In fact, I have a vagtio idea of oneo having two bona fair, engagements on my hand at once ; 1 don't really know how it happened. I was not a victim. I think 1 must have been a fool. However, I knew the symptoms by heart, and hero they wore setting in again at high tide. Thero was no help for it. I could not get any further Westtliau Albany. I recovered my trunk thero from its durance in tho baggage car, refilled my valise, and checking the trunk back to H , took the cars toMillerton, and then and there bought a ticket for l'ckin. Did anybody ever write his experience in Connecticut country taverns? I shall not offer mine to tho public, but I think it might he a readahlo article. I found a room for my valise in Hodger's Hotel, and a feather bed for my place of rest ! Bnt I cared very little. My absorbing object was to find tho Widow Case ; so I strolled down into the bar-room, a dreary desert of bare floor, enlivened here and there by a spit toon, a creaky arm-chair, a whip leaning against the wall, and a county map. Mr. Smith, the present landlord of Hodger's Hotel, in a greasy velveteen coat and bat tered felt liat, was leaning on the high coun ter with both elbows, talking cows to an old former. I did not hesitate to interrupt the deliberate dialogue with my query, "Ave there any families of the name of Caso iu Pekin ?" This innocent question was received with a roar of laughter by Smith, and an idiotic grin, both broad and long, from tho tooth- less old farmer. 1 began to feel vexed, na turally enough, and Smith perceived it. ".Souse me, square ; but fact is, there ain't much folks in Pekin besides Cases, 'nd here's one on 'cm ; this old gcnTman is Deacon Levi Case." " How de do ! how de do !" chuckled the old limn. " Pleased to see ye. Didn't alto gether ketch yer name." This time he did. " Oh, jes so ! Why, sounds dreadful nn- teral. Ain't one o' the Norridge Cioddards, be ye?" 1 disclaimed the honor, but (lid not enter into the subject of my family ; I only raised my voice, and asked bim if be knew any widow lady of his name in Pekin. " Lor, yes ! " Ho ! lie ! he ! Moro'n four on 'cm. Why, there's Widder Elbert Case," (here my ears tingled, recalling that name in the talk of the old couple in the ear) " but she's gone out West; there's Widder Case up to the mill ; anil another on 'em down to Parsonvillo, 't used tor ho South Pekin. There ain't no widder np to our folkses ; not yet ! he ! he ! he ! Do'no' lior name, do ye ?" Dear reader, I am not G. Washington. J can tell a lie, at the proper time-- anil I did it ! 1 could not expose that lovely, delieato being, whoso picture 1 carried in my left breast pocket, to the giggle aud chuckle of this grinning old satyr, the coarse laughter of Smith, the bar-room gossip of Robin. I would rather hunt up every Widow Case iu Connecticut (1 thought so then !) than do it ; so I said, with tho ease my law praetioe gave mo, that I did not know her name, my business did not enter into personalities, f would go to all tlicso places. So, getting directions and a horse, 1 set out alone to hunt up my cynosure. I drove up a shadowy, still, grass-grown road to the mill first, and when 1 could mako the little brown house-door resound no louder to my whip and knuckles, 1 tried the mill itself, but thcrewas nobody there; it was empty of all but heaped grain aud piles of flabby bags ; tho whole place smelt of now pine and fresh meal — all but the shed whore tho great wheel hung motionless, for that alone was old, and the black fans of tho wheel itself bore the tint and slime, and sent into the fresh June air the mouldy seent of long use, of old water-soaked wood. Then 1 went back to the house and opened the door without ceremony ; a real old hag rose from her rocking-chair and hobbled up to me with one hand behind her car. 1 took the hint, and shouted, " Docs tho Widow Caso live hero?" " I'm Widder Case," she croaked. Hero was number oue ! but not my widow, evidently. 1 made some futile errand about tho mill, and left her mumbling and oroaking at the door, to follow the next direction, hunting up another widow in Parsousvillo, a manufacturing village, that of right was Soutli Pekin, hut, like most villages of the kind, had been called after tho manufac turer who had built it up. Here 1 wandered up street and down, investigated at least sixteen whitewashed tonoment-'bouscs, each as precisely like the others as the oil jars of the Forty Thieves, and succeeded in find ing two more Widow Cases — one a buxom female of fifty, the other a poor creature just dying of consumption. I invented some excuse on the spur of the moment for my appearance ,to each of them, but 1 began to understand the situation. If I could have explained it to oue of them, doubtless my quest would have been over, bnt I knew better what was the strife of tongues in a country town like Pekin, and I took an odd pleasuro in tho trouble of the search ; for was not all this zeal aud effort for her sake, whose lovely lips seemed to tremble iuto a srailo whenever I gazed on their likeness ? Perhaps, had the weather been January in stead of .Tune, or the roads boon sandy and sliaileless instead of the tree-set tracks they were, sometimes running through orchards fair aud fragrant with pinkest bloom, some times iu woods full of summer's delicate odors aud the songs of all summer-celebra ting birds, while tho track was fringed everywhere with violets blue as the sky above, crowded eycbriglits, milky straw berry blooms, and the long budded gar lands of the dew-borry tangled in and ont among snuny frank-faced dandelions— per haps hut for this iny enthusiasm might have failed ; lint to be a dreaming lover, driving along through country lanes and woods in early June, is to bo consciously or unconsciously a blissful man. 1 know, for I have tried it very often. Sometimes, I must confess, I wondered to myself liow many more times I should do it. I had sailed ou the bright waves so often, 1 had no idea at all how it felt to be drowned. Next day I heard of another Widow Case in North l'ekin. 1 was half a day in finding her, and then she asked me to stay to din ner. 1 did not refuse, for I was very hungry, and the faro at Hodger's Hotel was not cuticing. This widow was young — perhaps twenty-five — small, alert, smooth of tongue, and a very Jesuit at questioning. I heard of her afterwards iu 110 compli mentary fashion, and found she had French blond ill her veins, which accounted for her celerity of mind and body, her airs and graccs'of sixteen, lier suave iiisiucct e lips, her restless ej'cs, and well-acted shrinking modesty. It took ali my legal acumen to avoid making a clean breast of it to the little wretch. I asked Smith when I got back where she lived, with a sublime air of ignorance and indifference. " Oh, Widder human Case ! Well, see here, square, you ain't overly 'acquainted in these parts. Ef you hain't got any hefty business up that way, I'd kinder keep this side o' that little critture. She's curus. I don't want to say nothin' agin her ; I hain't no call to say nothin' agin her ; -but P jest as good not go nigh her as (a go nigh her '; but I'll tell ye whereabouts her place is cf ye've got ter go there." Next day it rained. A rainy day in Hodger's Hotel damped by zeal much. 1 think two would have damped it off, as gardeners say, but luckily it Was only a day. Sunshiue and cheer returned with morning. Bnt why should I drag out my story ? I seoured Pekin in vain. North Pekin, West Pekin, PckiH-street, Pekin Corners ; even to the edges of Lovely Street and the outlying hamlets of Avon and Simsbury. 1 found out nine Widow Cases, of every age, manner, and complexion known to the female sex in America, I believe. Hair of grey, block, blonde, and red ; waved, curly, straight as tow ; eyes various as a box of artificial orbs ; but none — oh, not one! — with the deep brown bair full of goldeu threads and the dark sweet eyes 1 had fully made up my mind belonged to " l.orainy." But it J. did not find a widow after my heart's desiro, 1 found a friend ; for one fine day, driving fast as the son of Nimshi, ab sorbed in vexation anil disappointment, I gave too much of tho roadway to a passing team, hit my wheel against a log, and in less time than 1 can toll it found myself ly ing in the road with a broken leg. The horse took himself off, and by-and-by I had to pay damages ; but that day of reckoning was not at hand, and 1 thought of no damages liut my own when I was picked up anil carried into Deacou T'eters's house, that fortunately was at hand, and delivered over to the tender mercies of Mrs. Peters and the Parsonsvillc doctor. 1 thought I appro- eiateil women before, but 1 found I had only known girls — giggling, glorified, evanescent angels, who would have been as useful in this emergency as a castle of spun sugar or a swan's-down tippet. Deacon t'eters's wife was a real woman : sensible, kindly, tender, and generous ; full of devices to soothe pain and save trouble. She did her work in the world with a serious ease and condescen sion that scorned to make it a matter of dignified amusement ; anil she enlivened it all with a fund of keeu humor aud quick apprehension that was delightful to study. 1 was as rrstless, as cross, as impaticut, as ineu aro apt to bo under the circumstances, bnt sbe never last her good nature or abated her care ; and, best of all, long bofore my six weeks of impatience and ache were over, I had found out from her all about my Widow Caso, whose name was veally Lorana, and who had gone to teach school near Canaan, and board with lit-r aunt, Miss Fyler. It was exasperating to have found her now, when 1 could not follow her, but it was much gained to know of her being a fixture somewhere. At least I thought so, till, having borne my bedrid den state to the end, anil then gone back to H to settle some business that needed personal overlooking, I found myself, tho last week in August, settled ns a "city boarder" in Canaan ; and having hunted up the little- red school-house, some three miles away, where the Widow Case taught, I found it- just closed for a vacation I I should have torn my hair, only it hurts so. I did a few proper and frantic things — perhaps a little profanity escaped me unawares. In excite ment no man is fully responsible. 1 always felt a great respect for the recording angel who (ou good Mr. Sterne's authority) blotted out Uncle 'Toby's oath with a tear ; it showed some, But what to do now? 1 had engaged board for a month in a cheap farm-house; I was a little romantic for n man of thirty ; I wanted the Widow Case to love me and not my money, so I dressed in my oldest remaining clothes, lived fru gally, and made inquiries about the schools iu and around tho little town, as if I wanted a place to teach. I soon found that Mrs. Case was coming back to Cauaan to teach in the academy, and that a classical teacher also was wanted there ; so I olTorod myself to fill the place, aud was accepted. It may be said by literal ists and people who live in Litchfield County that there is no academy in Canaan. I have said here inbefore that I ain not G. Washington, and that 1 can tell a lie if it be necessary. When I say Canaan, I mean Canaan iu a Pickwick- ian sense. 1 do not wish to bring down on my devoted head the wrath of all the true Canaanites if I should happen to say any thing derogatory about their delightful vil lago ; much less do I wish to bavo any maiden lady of sixty, with a fierce auburn front, piercing grey eyes that hail a keen anil dreadful way of looking at one over a pair of silvcr-bowoil spectacles, a sharp voice, and a generally pointed manner, who may live iu Canaan proper, descend on me miser able, and say I roviled, or, in the vernacu lar, " sassed " her, under the name of Miss Fyler ; so I repeat the fact that I only call the town where I did engage to teach in tho academy, anil where the real Miss Fyler, with all tho tokens and car-marks conscien tiously enmneratod hero, did live — I only call it Canaan, I say, in a Pickwickian sense ; wherefore, may all the tribes— Hivites, Jehu- sites, Hitites, and all the rest — let me tell my tale to its onil in peace and good-will. For very little of either did I got from the aforesaid Miss Fyler I The first day she set eyes on me in church, where I was behaving like a lamb, and singing a very respectable tenor in the next square pow to her own, she glared at me like an unfascinating serpent. She transfixed me. I felt my flesh creep and my hair crinkle. Sho hated me from tiie beginning with the fatal prescienee some women possess. I think she felt it in her bones that I had come there to see the Widow Case, and being a man-hater of the most vicious and aggravated typo, sho de termined to keep that precious morsel from the clutch of any mail, and dry it for her own use. J heard her tell an old crony on the ohureli steps that I was a "city fool " — extremcst term of reprobation from her lips — bnt I did not care. School began the 13th of September, and then I should see the Widow Caso I It was enough for me. So I v.-earicd through the fiat solitudes of a country village till the blessed day came.' I was at the closed doors of the academy even before its principal, tho Hev. Pliilctus Lamb, came with tho key. 1 was first to explore its atmosphere of dust, slate pencils, aud old hats, for the glazier's art. did not flourish in Canaan, aud many specimens of iiead-gear as degraded as imperial Cesar " Slopped n liole to keep tho wind aivny." The day passed in marshalling a crowd of rough boys and giggling girls, but no widow dawned on my disgusted eyes. I ventured to ask the llcvercnd l'liiletus if ho expected me to teach the sixty odd scholars all myself, and received for answer : "No, Sir; no, Sir; certainly not, Sir. I expect the women-folks along to-morrcr. Miss Case she will teach the English branches — er — grammer 'nd 'rithmetie 'nd singin' ; Sowsan Jackson she'll sewperintoud the pri- m'ry department ; and you'll do classics an' g'onietry. 1— well— I — er — do the generali ties— gov'nment, manners, finances — er — c'llcct odds and ends, as it were. 1 don't do a great sight of teacliin'." " Lucky for tho scholars," thought I ; but I went home without saying so. And the next day, as 1 was hanging up my hat in the vestibule, I heard the principal clearing his throat violently just behind me. " A-aheni I he-e-m! Mr. Goddard, le'me make ye acquainted with bliss Case. He's our classical tnaclier, Miss Case. Flensed to iuterduco yo I" Good gracious I there she was. I could only how anil choke and burn up to the roots of my hair ; for hers was red — uudeni- ably red ; waving and glossy enough, but a dark rich red ; and her eyes, that looked so deep and sad iu the picture, were a bright red hazel, the very color of her hair, under pencilled brows and curling lashes of dark brown. Pensive eyes, indeed i They had the bright, undaunted look of a lioness, and lier full scarlet lips quivered with secret fnu as she looked at my gaspiug self. I don't blame her now. 1 almost hated her then. And when I went home at noon I evicted lier picture from my breast pocket with fury. 1 should have thrown it in tho fire, but there was none. Bed hair I And I hail always said anil thought that tho tor tures of the Inquisition should not induce me to like a woman with red hair. And then I remembered 1 didn't ; and then I re collected 1 did. Here I had tied myself down to a dirty, troublesome, stupid country school for the sake of a woman with red hair I One thing I could and would do. After a week or two 1 would find teaching too much for me, and leave. But that was not all. I had spent a whole long summer running after this chimera, this fraud, this mistake. I was enraged. 1 had to smoke six cigars and take a three-mile walk before I coulil think of sleep that night. How 1 hated the thought of the Widow Case. Had I not seen nine of them, all homely ? How could I have hoped tho tenth would look any better? The Caso family were not judges of female beauty, evidently. I exhausted the English language, as far as ejaculations and exple- tives go, on the still air of the country, till, tired ont and shivering, I Went home to lied, only to dream of the Widow Case, with a coronal of waving fire above lier brow, anil tivo locomotive head-lights for eyes, facing me, whichever way I turned, with intent to burn and slay. But morning came, and to school I must go. I was late, of course, for 1 delayed till the last moment ; and as I entered, the Rev erend Fhiletus was winding npa long prayer. I sat down just inside the door, and right before me sat the widow, her head bent on a chair- back, and a blaze ef sunshine bathing it, aud changing the deep redness into living, burning gold. Every stray thread that coiled about the white temples or massive braid glittered like a thread of lire ; it was my dream. In the course of the day I saw her many times, anil a subtle fasciuation, aLiu to terror, fixed my gaze on her always. I found out that her complexion was deli cate as any rose-gleaming pearl shell, her eyes radiant, her voice — strangest of strange charms in New England— sweet, delicate, cultivated ; it had as many tones as tho bird-songs of summer ; now it was deep and sad, uow gay aud mocking ; pleading, rally ing, incisive, acute, fuli ot sarcasm, full of tenderness. , 1 caught myself wondering what it would bo inspired by fervent pas sion, iuformed with love. Yes, 1 am con vinced it was her voice that subjugated mo ; it coulil not have been her beauty, for bIic had rod hair. I have perhaps betrayed the fact that 1 was subjugated before thiH confession. I don't know how it was ; 1 did not mean to be ; I meant not to bo. It was my helplessness, nnd uotmy will, consented. She did not behove in the least like any of my other lovers ; she treated me at first with a polite indifference. 1 coulil sometimes see a Hash of fun iu her bronze eyes if I was un usually awkward, and 1 know I was often very awkward when 1 felt those eyes at band. When she knew me better, sbe made perpetual fun of me in a lady-like way. _ She was sweetly sarcastic towards my opinions ; sho openly scorned my supine notions— which were really no notions at all — about things in general ; she diagreod with nie always. I never saw so vc-vsatile a creature. To this day I regard her with cariosity and amazement; for 1 know no more now than 1 did then at what point she may face about, abandon herpnsition, ntiil utterly rout mine from some new point of attack. I tliiuk she would have made a wonderful success as a strategist, had she been in the army. Is it necessary to say that I retained my position in Canaan Academy — that I felt iny service, irksome ns it was, better thau alrseuce from this strange, fascinating creature, before whom I daily lay more nnd more lielploss, who wove her threads more closely ubout me every hour ? J never could tell if she liked me; I was afraid alio despised me ; but I adored lier. I even came to admire ber hair; its redness hid under the shifting goldeu gloss of light and shadow ; her lips were red, but that rich and waving mass was bronze I I was fathoms deop in love, as one inny say ; and there I drowned happily, till I began to hear rnut- terings from lricuus and business in the dis tance. I tore myself away at the New Y'ear vacation for a briof visit to IT where I installed Atwocd ns my partner, nnd stopped his remonstrances with tin's sop. I gave out that 1 was studying in the coun try, and carried back with me sundry big law-books, which my landlady hud the pleasure of dusting. Somebody lind sunt tho Widow Case in my absence a sot of cut jet ornaments. They came from Now York, she said. She thought Uncle James sent them, but there was no letter. 1 brought lier a bunch of hot-house flowers, which Ehe said were very pretty. I must say tho jet things looked well on lier white neck aud arms. I thought tlioy would. By this time 1 had begun lo call at Miss Fylcr's at least as often as once a week. That worthy lady received me ordinarily with the amenity a cross cat extends to a big dog. I ' do not know what withheld her from openly flyingintny face aud forbiddingme tho house. I think she wovdd have done so but for the fact that she knew her niece's high spirit, aud did not want to be loft by lier to the loneliness of her bitter old age. But she did not attempt to conceal her hatred of me, and I lived to thank her for it, since I believe nothing elso would have made the Widow Case show me any favor. But the blessed littlo woman bad her own share of that perversity which makes lier sex at once so tormenting and so delightful. The worse Miss Fyler treated 1110, the kinder she grew. I was allowed to come home with her from prayor-meetings, when I hung about the door sometimes full twenty minutes for her sake. I took lier twice sleighing— a species of devotion which I consider the supremest pos3iblo to offer ; for how must one bo ab sorbed in a woman when I10 can drive two hours in a winter night, with tho thermome ter below zero, no3e, eyes, and moutb stiffen ing in the keen breezes, simply to givo that woman pleasuro? But I did it. f hail rather havo done almost anything olse for her. Miss Fyler grew worse and worse. When I went there I could hear her nsing vehement and unploasant language about me in tho next room while 1 waited ; but I could hear Lora defend me, and that repaid me for her aunt's dislike. Yet it was spring — coy, shy, inexpressibly sweet Now England spring — before I dared ask tho Widow Case to marry me ; aud 1 don't know to this day how 1 did it. We wore out with a party after arbutus ; the day was soft and inspiring ; the odor of those tender pink blossoms stole upward from their hidden beds anil filled the tran quil air. I had strayed away from the rest, alter Lora. How lovely she looked in hev black shady hat and dark gray dress with black ribbons and white rallies ! " Miti gated affliction," I ain told they call it iu the shops. I never did think sho was uniniti- gatcdly afilicted by Tom Case's death ; but it was proper to wear black, of course, though she looked lovely in everything. However it was, I did ask lier that day, and she almost said yes, and half said no, and at last promised to think about it. 1 went hnlf mad with joy I dared not show, for fear she would take offence at it and give me my conge ou tho spot ; but all day and all night the old French saw ran in my head, Chateau qui park e t femme qui ecoute tout deux rout se reudre, and in a fortnight 1-ora wore on her left hand a great sapphire set in little diamonds that I led her to suppose was once my great-grandmother's. I don't know that it was ; 1 don't know but it was. Not being G. Washington, as 1 have already remarked, I can adopt facts in cases of necessity, ot- even draw 011 my imagination for tliem ; nnd if Lora had known 1 bought that big sap phire at Tiffany's, my poverty would have been shamed and put to flight, and she would have handed it back to mo with calin- ness and contempt. She has said as much as that since. But how Miss Fyler raged I Lorana novcr should marry a beggarly fel low like that — never I Sho would leave all lier money toRabzemon Fyler, so she would. That enraged Lora. Sho told her dear aunt to do as she pleased iu that respect ; she was glad Uncle Rabzemon would have the money ; ho and liis ton children needed it far more than wo did ; and as to allowing Aunt Fyler or Aunt Anybody to choose her husband for her, that was simply impossible Now, Miss Fylcr hated lier brother Rahzcmon woise than she did me, but flesh and blood could not hear Lora's impudence, she said (I thought she was sponge nnd whalebone before). At any rate, Lora's home wns made unpleasant enough for lier ; but it all drew her noarer to nie, aud defeated its own end, for she consented to marry me iu June. Now arose many councils as to ways and menus. We emild not bo married at Miss Fylcr's, and she had become so openly out rageous that she declared she would look Lora up if she had the least idea 1 would try to marry her ; but she knew I wouldn't ; I was only a fortune-bunting scamp, and now I knew that Squiro Coe had made lier will, and all her money would go to foreign missions, folks would sco how soon I would he missing. It was in vain I tried to convince Lora that all this wild talking would amouut to nothing. She had heard so much of it that lier ears and nerves tiiiMcd with the long dissonance. She was afraid to he married openly in the Canaan church, nnd at length (as 1 still enrage her bv saying) she all but asked me to elope with her I Of course I was delighted with the idea ; that was what the Lord of Bur leigh did with liis villago love, before ho brought her to the castle. 1 began to feel a little uplifted, as the Scotch say, but sud- denly Lora made one of her surprising revo- lotions, and declared she wouldn't marry me at all, it wns such a fuss ; she had no proper home ; she would live an old maid to the end of lier days, so she would. "Just'like Aunt Fyler," I acquiesced. Then she had to laugh, but it was almost a week bofore I could coax aud reason her back into her first assent to my plans. So we settled that she should go to Great Bar- rington iu tho May vacation, and spend a' week there with an intimate friend, and have a little dressmaking done ; that would throw Aunt Fyler off her guard. Further, to do this 1 was to stay in Canaan, and meet her on a certain day in Great Barring- ton, where she was to get ou to the train X should come in, and we would proceed to I'lttslield, where an old college friend of mine was settled. Ho was to marry us, and then we would take a brief tour to H , where I told her I was to have a position in a lawyer's oliice, and a thousand dollars a year ; all of which was true, and we all know it is not always necessary to tell the whole truth. I never have believed myself , that G. Washington did that, whateverother exploits in the lino of veracity he is tradi- I tionally credited with, ' By this timo Uncle James (!)_had sent Lora a soft, thick, gray silk from New York, and the prettiest little hat, or bonnet, or something, to wear ou her head ; that wns gray too, with hunches of purplo velvet pansies on it. There was no letter, although Lora hnd written to tell him of her engage ment, und thou thanked him for the jet trinkets. She found out afterwards that Uncle James never got her letter. I don't know how he should, for she gave it fx> mo to mail, and I thought best to forget it. I had a dear old-maid cousin in New York who knew a great deal better than either Lora or 1 what she needed. So I told her sho must bo married iu that dress and bonnet, they were so pretty ; aud after much skirmishing she cousontcil, and wont off, leaving 1110 in Canaan to get through the intervening week. At last tho day came, anil I took the ex press train for l'ittslield that went through Canaan about IT p.m. It seemed to be very long before we got to Great Barrington, and when 1 wanted to get off at the front end of the car the conductor turned me back to the rear door. I stood there eyeing the plat form anxiously ; nobody like l.ora was there. 1 might not have known her in colors, nnd veiled, hut 1 knew 1 should recognise that hat, eveu to the little gleaming silver-gray veil that hnlf covered it. No one had en tered at the front door. As 1 went out from the rear, I caught a quick view of some one in blnck, with a deep gieen veil, coming in, and then there was a lame woman climbing the steps painfully, aud at least six behind her, hut not one of them Lora. A cold chill weHt to my heart. I felt sure she was ill. I jumped lrom the train as it started, mea suring my length on the dirty platform, and picking myself up, went up the street to in. quire my way to tlm house of Lora's frieud. She, it seemed, lived. a mile from the station, and when I got there, was goue out to ten. I inquired if Mrs. Case was there, to iny great delight found she was, sent up my card, and in five minutes found myself face to face with a most forhidding- looUiug female, in a green calico gown, aud black lace cap, trimmed with blue ribbon. She looked at me over her gold spectacles, jU3t like Aunt Fylcr. My knees shook, uud 1 meekly remarked, " 1 wanted to see Mrs. Case." " Thatls my name," was the severe reply. " But 1 thought — I believe — Isn't there another Mrs. Case staying with Miss Hos- ford ?" "Oh, the Widder Case I Y'es, she went away this afternoon. " I could not make inquiries of her. Another Mrs. Case ? how T hated the naino I So I in- quired out the place where Miss Hosford was tea -drinking, found her after a half-mile walk, introduced myself, and found that Lora had gone by the train I came 011. Here was a complication I How could I have missed her? Miss Hosford — a pretty, rosy little creature— seemed to pity me sincerely, aud suggested that perhaps her veil con cealed her 1 10 effectually. "But I should have known that dress and hat anywhere," I said. "J studied them well to he sure of it." "Oh dear I" exclaimed she. "Sho wasin one of her old black dresses, and liad on n green veil. She meant to dross in Pitts- iielJ. She said those things were too bridal- looking to travel in. Sho didn't want to be advertised in the cars I" That wsh so like Lora I liad to laugh. But what would she do in Pittsficld till I got there ? "Probably get very spirited," suggested Miss Hosford. I thought it but too prob able ; but all thnt was left for me now was- to take the returning milk train at half- past eight; the accommodation shrieked past as we were talking. So I strode back my mile and a half to the -station, thence to the tavern for something to eat, and at the due time to >k that milk train, aud was lauded iu Fittsfield, But there was 110 Mrs. Case to be found tkore. No suoh person at the hotel. Nobody had seen her at the minister's. The station-master had gone to bed by the timo I thought of questioning him. I could see him, however, early iu the morning, for the down milk train left at half-past.five. By this timo it was well into the night, but I was too tired and anxious to sleep. The inusty little bedroom of tho tavern did not invite repose; it was a hot May uight, and 1 had a feather-bed. 1 heard the- wheezing wooden clock in the hall strike every hour hut four, five and six. 1. fell asleep just when I ought not, and the milk train went without me. There was tut accommodation train at eight, how ever, aud by questioning tho station-master till he was cross, 1 discovered that a lady in a black drear, with red hair— (Oh !)— had bought a ticket for the afternoon accommo dation the day before. Of course sho had gone back to Great Barrington, so 1 steamed off for that place at eight, ami again hunt ing up Hiss Hosford, found her as anxious as 1 was myself when once sho -liad heard my story, for she had neither heard of Lora nor seen her. The express train went in an hour. 1 wont back to Canaan therein, ns sad and mad as a man might be. To day should have been the day after my wedding-day, and where was I? My bride was lost, my appointment to bo at II to-day entirely broken ; what would liocome of the flowers, the friends, tho dinner, my dear old cousin from New York, who wa3 to arrange all, and he there to meet us ? It was the proverbial slip between the cup ind the lip. Aud worst of all, where was Lora ? I had made np my mind to go back to Canaan aud wait, and Miss Hosford pro- raised to telegraph me at cnee if she heard of her. On the way down I noticed a slight fuss in the cars. People began to talk eagerly. Somebody said the expresB train up had ran over a cow just above Canaan, and was off tho track. We were at Sheffield, aud must wait there at least four hours, the .conductor thought, as the engine and three cars would need to be replaced on the track, f had an old college friend in Sheffield, so I limited him up, anil stayed with him over night, rather than go hack to Canaan at midnight, aud ran my chance of getting into a tavern there. Of course wo sat np late talking. Of course, too, exhausted with anxiety, I slept over both morning trains, and only reauheil Canaan in the late after noon, and it was Saturday. I flew to the telegraph office, but the operator was not there. Somebody told me that the train yes terday had broken down two telegraph poles in running off the track ; nnd though, fortu nately for the train, the poles fell aivay from the track, unfortunately for mo, the wire was broken. Nobody noticed it, for all were busied with the train, and now they had just got abont mending it, and the operator had gone to look on. What a Sunday 1 passed I Was fate against us ? 1 found myself getting super stitious. I went to chnrch three times, and sat iu the next pew to Auut Fyler, who sur veyed me with a glare of triumphant malice. T distinctly heard lier say to another old woman on the meeting-house step3 : "I told ye how 'twould be. I do hope Lorainy's learned her lesson I When folk's aunts make a will willin' away their pro perty to forrin missions, 'taint so dreadful pretty to marry 'em, you'd better b'lieve I H'm I I've seen young fellers before, 1 guess." I let her rave. 1 did not care for her. I went to tho tavern after evening meeting, and went to bed. I did not kfiow what else to do, and all night I dreamed Annt Fyler was trying to marry me herself ; but she wanted Lora to he bridesmaid, and couldn't find her; But next day — oh, blessed morn ing I — 1 had a telegram from Miss Hosford : "Come 011 first train." Ho you tliiuk I over slept that time? I confess to being a little troubled on the way as to the frame of mind I should fiud Lora in, that remarkable little woman had so many changes in her "infi nite variety. " 1 thought 1 was prepared for anything ; but I never was more astonished in my life than when she threw herself into my arms, sobbing like a tired child, and whispering in my ear, " Oh, I'm so glad ! so glad I so glad I I'm tired and scared to death I" Heavens and earth I She had never kiBsed me onee before of her own free will, nnd here she wns acting like a pleased baby. And oh, haw pretty she was I "Lora dear," said I, becoming suddenly conscious of my being the head of this help less female. " Sit down, darling, and don't cry. I'll take care of you know." The unaccountable creature gav'o a wicked little giggle that made me shake in my shoes. " Miss Hosford," I went on, as that esti mable young woman opportunely entered the room, "have you got a clergyman hero?" A smile flickered over her face as she re plied, ' Oh yes, we always keep oue in tho parlor closet." Lora choked down another naughty little laugh with her handkerchief, but 1 went on, sternly. " I mean in the village." " Yea, we generally do hare them in New England, you know," " Will you be so good as to direot me to one? " " I would if I could ; but our minister was taken ill last night with pleurisy, tho Meth odist minister went off to Conference on the milk train, and yesterday was Father Walsh's Sunday at Hammertown. I'm afraid he isu't home yet." " Frank," said Lora, with a great sob, " I don't think we ever shall bo married I " " I do," was my stern rejoinder. " I have bunted you nil over Pekin ; I have been tho derision of nine other Widow Cases ; I havo broken my leg ; I havo braved Aunt Fyler's awful countenance ; I havo chased you up and down in rail cars ; I have hunted you from pillar to post a whole year, and at last persuaded you to love me — and now I will mnrry you, whether or no I " " Good gracious, Frank I" screamed Lora, while Miss Hosford regarded me witli wild amazement, " are you crazy ? What do you mean ? " "Just what I say. Go put your bonnet and things on right away; we must take the express train for Pittslield, and be mar ried this afternoon. I'll tell you tho whole story 011 the traiu." -She disappeared, and came back very soon, looking like a well-dressed angel in the gray silk and hat ; but Miss Hosford would cover her up in one of those hideous things called a linen duster. I did not care, though, what she wore, if we only reached Pittsfield and Joe Plunkett's parsonage in safety; nnd this time we mado it out. Once mar ried and ou the way to H— , I told Lora all about my lienring her history in the cars, finding lier picture, aud not finding her, up to the time of our meeting in Canaau. I dill not tell her my trouble at discovering her red hair — you never know how a woman will take that sort of thing. J think I was wise not to. We reached II— — late at niglit, nnd pro ceeded to my owu house. It was all ready for us, servants and stores and fresb flowers, but my good old cousin liad been called away that morning to New York. It wns just as well ; for when I at last actually succeeded iu persuading Lora to believe that house and ail were mine, and money to live in it comfortably besides, instead of being awed and modest, or even overcome with emotion, she then and there boxed my ears, aifcl declared in strenuous terms that she never would have married me if she had known it. "But you have," said I ; " so don't dis cuss tho matter, my dear. My ears tingle painfully." Of course she only laughed, and in the most uusympathising manner asked for some supper. Still, I don't think she regrets it. I nm sure I don't-. She sits there in the bay-win dow in the deepest blue gown, falling in soft folds about her, and lit up with delicate laee nnd the rest of thnt set of sapphires and diamonds which belonged to my grand mother (reborn Tiffany I). My dear hunt is over. 1 found the Widow Case. I also found Mrs. Goddard. 