IT IS A FACT. J {TO THE EDITOR OF THE WALLABOO TIMES.) I SIB,-It is fact that every man, lias some little epoch in bis life, which he will never forget, and which is a significant land mark in his experience, for some purpose or other. Sometimes one man's experience, is a warn ing or a guide to others. In public or politi cal life I suppose that may be safely said with greater truth than in any other phase of life. One Reason may t»e| because public men are more open to criticism than others, and there fore strenuous in their observation of niceties. If .anything will be'Jnstructive or. suggestive to public men, one would imagine that the late contest between Messrs Haydon and Madge will be. And yet what of that? Have not many irregularities been committed and.afterwards repeated by others in the face of tried experience. , I am only viewing the subject sir, openly, and wish to give you a little bit of the tit tat of the,public talk as customary. As I have often said/as a Walk ing-Ghost I have every advantage of hearing and reporting everything. The public talk now is the election. It is amusing to hear some little folks talk. .What's up now you ? what's all the fuss about ? What wrong has Madge done that he is turned out1 of the House. No wrong, you, only a little bit of ir regularity, 'cause he asked a few voters to support no, after the day of nomination. So X would if I'd been in his place, say another, my opinion is in the fast "place that there evidence of their's didn't agree, and I doan't see any wrong in a man asking support. Well! as if the lecfcoral Act says he ough'ct to. But in the second place' my 'pinion is that half of the present members might be turned topsy turvy too, if others tried to fos seek about for evidence, "From what motive .did Haydon want to upset Madge. Was it for his seat? Yes, that's certain. I don't think you, be would bave tried an at all, if he thought it would foe decided for another election to settle the question. Does'nt thee remember Haydon saying last'time, which be did, that he had ho money or means, he was a poor mah like ourselves ? Your Ghost went elsewhere, Sir! and found the same topic on board-Haydon and Madge. A few thought Haydon was right, but most thought. Madge ought to have been left alone. It seems Haydon thought all he had to do was to change seats with Madge. Many imagine Haydon had some deep motive in view, if he were a man of no means to risk all tbe expense that might be incurred, and still continue the continue tbe contest. He said last time here that he had a certain course in view to pursue, in Adelaide for a liung, which would give him plenty of time to at tend to Parliament. A short time only will show tbo result of the brief struggle and solve the questions which are often asked. Is it better to have an independent man whose time is wholly his own, who would work exclusively for the benefit of the dis trict, even from tbe motive of honour ? If we cannot get better men, we mnst take tae best we can. I am afraid from what-1 overhear sometimes, that if Mr Glyde were to come, he would stand a poor chance of success. A great many, repeat his speech at Salisbury in favour of a stream of free immigration, and dislike it. Several men from Talisker don't forget that he was a director of that mine, and they say if he come, they intend to ask for their money, &c.; I am inclined to think, Mr Glyde would stand a better chance for Barossa district if an election is to take place there. His views perhaps would assimilate more with, the farming district. Mr James i Jones, whom some thought would offer him self, is a stranger to most. It is supposed he would encourage one good thing, i.e. colonial industry, but as a roanfacturer aod contractor should he represent himself in Parliament, We want every one says (and what every one says must be true) a true independent man, untrammelled by any other person or influ ence. Such is all my heresay as now given to you from the WALKING GHOST 