The Storyteller. JACK ESSINGHAM; OR, "THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD." (A TALE OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.) CHAPTER III. A PICNIC—HOW "DICK THE DEVIL" GOT HIS NAME—A DRY WALK. BY DRAMINGO. "WE must keep to-day as a holiday, Jack, to celebrate your arrival. Duncairn you will stop to-day to assist," said Mr. Frampton at breakfast. "Yes, I have nothing particular to do, but what is to be the order of the day ?" "Have some races on the flat," suggested George. "No, a picnic," said RacheL " A picnic is so slow," returned George ; " it's only like camping out" "And if you have races, all we can do is to stop on the verandah and watch you ; but make Jack decide, uncle." " I'll have to give in to you of course, Rachel." "Of course you will if you expect to lead a peaceful life during your visit And now I will settle it all. Leah must get all manner of nice things ready for us to eat, George can go and see that the horses are got ready, Jack is to look after me, and Mr. Duncaira can look after you, Leah ; uncle is to make himself generally agree able to everybody. And as for me I'll boss the whole concern." " Rachel I where do you learn that slang ? Jack you must really talk seriously to her; perhaps she will respect you a little." "He couldn't talk seriously to me," said Rachel, puttiug her hand through his arm and looking up at him with a face of mock gravity, whioh entirely carried out her words. " But I won't do it again, only I like to horrify you sometimes." The horses were soon mustered and saddled, the " nice things" ordered by Rachel put on to a pack-horse, confided to the care of Dick, the stockman, commonly known as " Dick the Devil," a man of taciturn disposition unless fairly started upon a good yarn, and Mr. Frampton and George leading the way, they set off for some falls, distant some five or six miles from the station. Illamere run was situated on Buffalo Creek, about eight miles above the famous township of Yarravilla. Duncaira's station of Merrybong was on the opposite side of the creek, it being the boundary ; the two head stations were only three miles from each other. The country on the upper portion of the creek belonged to a Mr. Vernon, his. place being twenty miles from Illamere. A spur of the range, visible from the Illamere verandah, ran into the creek at the point the party were making for, and penning it up for a short distance in a narrow gorge found a tolerable picturesque, if small, waterfall. " What are your neighbors like up the creek?" asked Jack of Rachel, as they rode side by side. " The Vernons ? WeU, I like old Mr. and Mrs. Vernon, they are plain unpretending people ; he used to be a publican, they say, and his name was Yenning, but his son pretends to ignore this portion of the family history." "How many children has he, then t" " Two—one son, and one daughter." "Who is a great friend of Rachel's," inter rupted Leah, who was just in front of them, and overheard the conversation. " She was a schoolfellow of mine, .and that is aIL" "You must know, Jack, that she considers that Rachel and she are very much alike, and always insisted upon copying Rachel's dress." It was evidently a sore point with Raohel, for she vainly tried to change the subject, but Leah refused to be silenced. "In consequence of this similarity of appear ance Rachel used to get credited with a number of Miss Vernon's escapades." Jack's face flushed through the semi- tan.' Mr. Frampton was the only one who knew the true cause of the rupture with his uncle, and Leah's random remark struck home. Duncaira here joined in the conversation, and before very long they were at their destination. \- Rachel produced a sketch-book, and began to immortalise the scenery, George stole away after Dick, who, having unpacked, unsaddled, and hobbled the horses, had started down to the creek with a fishing line. Leah busied herself laving out the lunch, and Mr. Frampton, Dun cairn, and Easingliam, were soon deep in a cattle discussion, Jack of course being desirous to air his two years' experience. They were interrupted by Rachel, who had been singularly quiet, calling Jack over to inspect her sketch, Leah at the same time an nouncing that lunch was only waiting to be eaten. George was summoned by a call, and in the middle of the banquet Dick put in an ap- Eearance, remarking that " he couldn't get a ite." He was supplied with some tea and eat ables by one of the girls, and free-selecting a shady spot under an adjoining tree, proceeded to discuss them after the deliberate manner of his class. So long aa the knives and forks were busy the conversation did not flag, and .Jack was soon full of information concerning the district and its inhabitants. The meal over, Essingham and Duncairn lighted their pipes. Mr. Frampton did not smoke, and George, who was rapidly acquir ing a precocious taste for manly luxuries, knew that the production of a hoarded and much cherished meerschaum which obstinately refused to color, would be the signal for its confiscation. " I think that I should like to smoke; Jack can you make a cigarette for me ?" «aid Rachel, with a perfectly grave face, as though making a quite natural request. " Certainly, if you wish it; but hadn't you better call Dick over, and borrow his pipe ; it looks black and juicy." " Pah ! No, thank you, I've changed my mind; but call Dick, I want to know why he is called by such an evil nickname." " Dick," said Mr. Frampton, u come and try a nip." Leisurely rising, and strolling up, he came, a fin* specimen of a native stockman ; tall, spare, and sunburnt; keen eyes, prominent features, and dark scanty beard and whiskers ; the con ventional bush drew of moleskin riding trousers and Crimean shirt became him well, as did bis reserved and independent bearing. " Dick," said Rachel, after he had tossed off his nip, "do you mind telling ua why they call you Dick the " " Devil," said George. " Well, no Miss," replied Dick, half blushing, " if you promise not to laugh at me." "We won't laugh, Dick, go-ahead," said Mr. Frampton. " It's some years ago, when I was living on the Quondong, that I got it. I was living by myself, about ten miles from the head Btation, breaking in a mob of store cattle. It had been a sheep station once, and it was in an old shepherd's hut that I was living. Some fellow poisoned himself there once, and they had a yarn about the place being haunted ; but the cattle gave me all I knew to keep together, for they were just picking up and beginning to walk, so I wan mostly too tired of a night to think about ghoßts. Not but what I believed in such things, for you've all of you heard of Fisher's ghost. '"Mongst the horses I had there was one thun dering brute, a black colt, called " Devil," and he was all that. He had a temper, there's-no mistake ; 'twasn't so much his bucking, as the treacherous ways he had ; just as you were throwing your leg over, he'd whip round like a shot, and if you didn't get your seat he'd never stop till he had you off, and if ever he spilt a man he'd kick him. " One day I got on the tracks of a mob going away, and had my work cut out to pull them and bring them back. It was nigh 12 o'clock at night before I got home to the hut, with my horse pretty well baked. I saw a fire burning inside as I unsaddled, and supposed somebody from the station had come out; but when I gets inside the hut deuce a soul was there to be seen. The billy was slung, and the water boil ing, so I made the tea, thinking that whoever it was had very like gone to look after their horses, for the paddock fence wasn't much account, and the station horses used to be always getting out. " I got out the bread and beef, and sat down to have a feed, when I heard my horse, which was picking round the hut, give a frightful snort, enough to blow his head off; next moment there was a step in the verandah; and in walks a man, a stranger to me. " ' Good evening, mate,' I says, taking him for a swagsman. " He makes no answer, but just walks up to my bunk, and lays himself down on it. I thought it jolly cool, and turned round to have a look at him. He was a big man, with long hair and shaggy beard, a good deal of gray mixed with it; he had on a dirty shirt and trousers, with a hand kerchief round his throat; he was lying on his back, with one arm round under his head, and looking straight at me, never a wink. "' Good evening, mate,' I says again, ' are you deaf?' "He never spoke, only stared straight at me, until I felt quite all overish. However, I plucked up my pecker a little, and turned round com menced feeding again. "* If you don't like to speak, you can do the other thing, but you'll have to turn out of that bunk directly,' says I, and went on with my supper. " I Had just dipped myself a pint of tea out of the billy, and sweetened it; when, without saying by your leave, or with your leave, this chap, who'd got up from the bunk without my hearing of him, puts his hand over my shoulder, collars the pannikin, and drinks the lot '"D—d nasty taste,' he says, shaking his head. (Beg pardon, Miss, but them's the very words he used.) I jumped up, aud had two minds to give him a lift under the ear, when he let an almighty yell out of him, rolls over on the bunk, and sings out blue murder. " What the deuce to do I didn't know ; he drew his knees up like a man with the cramps, foamed at the mouth, and clenched his hands tight; for nigh half-an-hour he kept this game up, then he gives one awful shriek, straightens himself out stiff, and dies. And the fat lamp goes out just at the same time, and the fire had burnt out, so there I was alone in the dark with a dead man. " I can take my own part without any blow ing, but if I didn't clear out of that hut quick it's a caution. I collared my bridle, and hooked it down the paddock like a redshanks ; all the way I kep fancying somebody was after me. Well, ■o help me ! the first horse I came across was Devil, standing by himself ; and without a word of a lie, that horse as two men couldn't catch iu a small yard sometimes, let me walk straight up to him and put the bridle on him as quiet an Miss Rachel's pony there, Dozey, would. I jumped on him bare back, for I wasn't game to go back for my saddle, and he went off with me like a lamb. " Long before daylight I was in at the station, and roused them all up. Wh«n they saw me with Devil without a saddle, they'd believe any thing ; and the super and two more started back with me to see the dead man. Well, we got to the hut just at sunrise, and we hung our horses up, and all went in together, and hang me if there was a sign of a man in the place ; there was everything else, there was the bread, the beef, and the billy, but no body ; and what's more, though I saw that man with my own eyes tossing and tumbling about on my bunk, the blankets were as smooth as though no one had touched them since I made down my bed in the morning. " They chaffed me, you may guess, and said I'd been dreaming ; but one thing was sure, that there horse the Devil never gave a kick with me after that, and not another soul on the place durst come within rods of him. Well, they used to call the horse Dick's devil, and they used to laugh about the ghost I'd seen, and call that Dick's devil, until the name stuck to me, and Dick the Devil I've been called most ever since. 'Tisn't a handsome name, but not so bad as that chap's hs you had breaking here, Mr. Frampton, ' Ugly-mugged Mick.' " But I haven't quite done. It was on the fourteenth of May as this happened, for I noted down day and date, and nothing would induce me to go back to live at that hut. S« the super got another man who said he didn't oare for anything, and he Btops there for a twelve-month, and on the sixteenth of May the auper happens to go out there, and found that he'd gone, and he hod a cheque of about thirty pounds coining to him, and he left a new saddle and bridle and a lot of clothes. He writes down to the super after a bit from the Rocky River, and asks him to send his money and things up to him, for be said he wouldn't come back in the district him- Belf on no account So I expect he got a bit of a fright." " But, Dick," said Rachel, who had been deeply interested, " what became of the hut, and who lived there afterwards." " Nobody as I knows of would live there, bo the auper hod it pulled down, and built up again about two miles away." " Now, Jack," said Leah, "it is your turn." " Another ghost story," said Rachel. " I never saw one, they are not in my line ; but you ought to tell and listen to ghost stories at night, with just enough firelight to make long black shadowß ; not here, out in the sun, I would not feel a bit afraid of a ghost if he came now." " But you must have had some romantic ad venture of some sort ; were you never lost, and nearly dying of thirst, and scribbling a last prayer and message on the bottom of your pint pot," insisted Rachel. "lam not in the habit of getting lost," re plied Jack conceitedly, " but I once did pick up a man who was nearly dying of thirst." " Well tell us about his adventures, if you have none of your own." "His adventures were strange; in the first place, when we found him he had walked over seventy miles across plains, with nothing but a quart pot of water to jßupport him, and that in the middle of our northern summer. But to tell the story properly : a man of the name of Macallish had done a good deal of exploring, and looking for country formerly. He only used to take one man with him, a German, called Peter, I forget his other name ; we picked him up when he was quite new to the country, and could scarcely speak a word of English. There was a good deal of land-jobbing done about that time, and this chap couldn't give much informa tion to the other people about the country they had been over. This time, their third trip, they had been out as far as the Nicholson, a river running into the Gulf of Carpentaria. " On their way back, when about one hundred miles on this side of where Burketown is now, two of their horses gave in ; out of the six they originally started with they had already lost two, one from poison and one from a stake wound, so this left them with, but the two horses to carry them over the some three hundred miles of country that separated them from X Downs, the place they were making for, and both theae horses were poor and leg weary. "In the morning, after breakfast, Peter went down into the creek and stayed there for some time trying to induce the two knocked-up hones to get up ; failing in this he returned to camp and found that Macallish had saddled a horse and packed the other. He was just riding away as Peter came back, but having seemingly for gotten something, turned back. "' Just hand me my revolver,' he said to Peter in the coolest manner, 'there it is on the ground ;' and to use Peter's words when he told us about it, ' Like one fool I did give it to him.' Thrusting it into his pouch Macallish said ' Keep the rising sun on your left shoulder, a little in front, and you will strike X Downs,' then rode away and left him, three hundred miles from anywhere, with a quart pot, half a box of matches, ten pounds of flour and a little tea, for they were out of rations, and Macallish had taken half away with him. " How the man ever got in is a miracle ; by a great piece of good fortune he got on to th* Flinders, and followed that river up until they came to the place where they first came on to the river and camped on their way out. Here Peter turned off, and Btruck across for X Downs, keeping the sun in the position advised by Macallish. "Eighty miles across dry plains, with hardly a tree, and no water, was what he had before him. Had he known it he would have met a mob of nheep coming down the river to take up country only twenty mil*» from where he turned off, but he didn't know it, and struck out the way that he had come. He had the self- denial to refrain from drinking the scanty supply of water that he carried in hw quart pot, and when wo met him he hod still a little drop left. He used to soak a little piece of his blanket in it and keep it over his mouth until the water evaperated ; but I doubt if he would have reached the station. His tongue was swollen and black, and he was to a certain extent out of his mind wjicn we met him, aud he had come about Moventy miles then since leaving the Flinden. We were ahead of the cattle, Mr. Foster and I looking out for water, but fortunately had a good supply with us in our canvas bags, and had two spare horses with us, so were able to bring him to our camp all right. " He did not know how long he had been coming in from where Macallish left him, as after the first week he lost all hope, and just plodded aimlessly on. He used to boil grass and eat it, and sometimes found a few mustels ; that was all he lived on. When we heard of the dry stage we had ahead of us, Foster camped where we were, at a fine big waterhole, until some rain came." " And what became of the man who left him," asked Mr. Frampton. " He did very well out of the country that he took up. I don't know where he u now." " Well, he was a brute to leave his companion like that iu the bush." " Yea. leaving him was bod enough; but when he got in to X Downs himself he never told them there that he had left the man, or they might have sent out and got him earlier. I suppose he thought that the man would never tarn up, and felt rather ashamed of what he had done." " I wonder," said Duncairn, " that Peter did not camp where he* was, with the two knockod up horses, until they got round a bit." " He waa frightened to, he said, because there were freeh tracks of blacks about, and I suppose he didn't exactly realise what he bad before him when he started to walk." " I like Diok'a story the best," «u Rachel's rerdict " And I think that- you ought to tell us one now," said Duncairn. " Pray don't encourage her, Mr. Duncairn, she would like nothing better," interposed Leah. " I think that we had better be saddling up and making for home. Dick get the horses together." George picked up his bridle and followed Dick when Mr. Frampton spoke. He was rather given to sneaking away to yarn with the men when any opportunity offered ; he was beginning to show a good deal of his father's weakness of character, combined with some selfishness. It was not very noticeable yet, but promised to come out more as he grew older. The two girls did not Bee it, for with them he was, of course, spoilt. Jack, however, with the eye of a com parative stranger, had already noticed it. They started on their homeward path, Dun cairn managing to find his old place beside Leah's horse; Mr. Frampton, his other niece, and Jack keeping on ahead, George and his Satanic Majesty bringing up the rear with the pack horse, now relieved of his light burden. "You were talking last night about buying cattle to Btock country; take my advice and, watching your opportunity, buy a station ready stocked instead ; you will find it by far the best investment." "You think so?" "I do ; I have tried both, and would never take up new country again if I could possibly buy a station that would suit me as well. Pioneers as a rule go to the wall." " I suppose you are right," said Jack, who had a great respect for Mr. Frampton's judgment; " but I have taken a great fancy for this piece of country that I was talking to you about." "But how do you know that some one may not stock it and take it up before you can get back with cattle." "I must take my chance of that; but country is not much in demand up there just now. Most people up north have more than they know what to do with«at present" " Well we must talk it over again, Jack, but look well ahead of you." " Now do leave off talking about country, and cattle," said Rachel. "lam so tired of hearing about them. Look at Leah and Mr. Dunoairn ; I'm sure they are not talking about cattle." "What sort of station has Duncairn !" asked Jack. "A very good one, but small. He and his brother have about two thousand head o» it between them." " Is he a Scotchman t" "No ; a native. His father had a station in South Australia somewhere, but died not very well off. However, the boys managed to work their way on. I like him very much. The only thing I know against him is, that although brought up on a cattle station, and having been amongst cattle always, he has a pet hobby about sheep, and believes he could make a fortune with them, and I am afraid that he will sell his cattle some day, buy sheep, and ruin him self." " It's no good," said Rachel in a doleful voioe; "you will talk about stock ; I shall canter on." And suiting the action to the word she started Doxey on, making them canter also to keep up with her. That night there was a very earnest discXisaion held in the verandah, at which Duncairn assisted; it ended by Jack being led by bis uncle's advice, and agreeing to take his time, and look around around him before deciding to take up new country. Duncairn gave his opinion strongly against it. He pointed out to Essingham that his experience of station life had been scarcely long enough to admit of his acquiring all the wrinkles that a man who wishes to form a station with any chance of success requires to be ac quainted with, and six or eight months spent on an old settled station like Illamere, would, to borrow a simile from the cattle camp, "top him up." "A good piece of country, lightly stocked, say a thousand head, u what you want, Jack ; thon you can work up quietly," concluded Mr. Framptou, and they rejoined the girls, receiving some very cutting remarks from Rachel on the length of their discussion. " Leah and I are going to talk about tatting and wool work all the rest of the evening ;" a resolution which we need scarcely say was not carried out. An interesting parliamentary paper has re cently been published, relative to the working of the Government Post-office Sayings Banks in New Zealand, which shows a degree of frugality and prudence on the part of the working classes with which they have not hitherto been cre dited. At the close «f last ye«r there were 62,672 deposits, amounting, with interest, to £771,000. The revenue of the department was £35,000, of which, after paying expenses of management and iuterest, there remained a clear balance to the State for revenue purposes of £6300. The Agent-General of New Zealand has ad vised the Government, per cablegram, that 2390 immigrants had sailed in June for the various provinces of the colony, nearly 400 of whom are for Auckland. The Government propose to ship 1000 immigrants per month for the next two yean, with the available balance of the im migration vote, £500,000. In the case of a carter who was fined 60*., or three months' hard labor in Melbourne, last week, for being drunk when in charge of his horse and cart, and savagely assaulting the police, the constable stated that some carters drank cheap, bad beer, which drove them quite mad for the time. A poverty-stricken old man named Smith has been found dead in a wretched hut, and in a miserable state, at Alexandra (Victoria). He proves to have been the Hon. John Spencer Smith, at one time Colonial Treasurer of Prince Edward's Island, and nephew of Admiral Sir Sydney Smith. In 1854 he was Police Magis trate at Amhurst, Victoria. A New Zealand Government survey and ex ploring party, while searching for a suitable route for a line of railway to connect Waikato with Auckland, have discovered an immense tract of fine country unoccupied by natives. 