Spiritualism Extraordinary. IF ghosts can "pale", the shades of Mr. G..... S........... and Mrs. Veal must perform that involuntary act in view of the supernatural manifestations re- ported to have taken place at Cooks- town, in the .... of Ireland. The cur- rent number of the Spiritualist contains a long account of the freaks played by some "unknown power" in and upon a house of business there situate, and of the abortive attempts which have been made by the Royal Irish constabulary to discover the perpetrators of mischief rather above the ordinary range of prac- tical jokes. The narrative consists of a series of reports which have appeared in the Belfast News Letter, the proper- ty of Mr. Henderson, Mayor of Belfast, who recently entertained in very hospit- able fashion the British Association for Advancement of Science. The first of the extracts from this highly- respectable journal contains a statement to the effect that the "haunted house" is sit- uated at Old Town-hill, and is occupied by Mr. Allen, an elderly grocer, who is described as "intelligent and candid in his walks of life." In continuation, the report says that the "phenomena," which began to be noticeable about eigh- teen months ago, were then mainly con- fined to window-breaking. When several panes had been fractured, a watch was set, but without avail. Some- times the windows were smashed with stones, but more frequently the "glass broke, apparently of its own accord." Even the frames, ore especially at the rear of the house, were damaged. The house is described as a small two-story building, with three windows, behind, and the ordinary shop and front window, before. The yard is small, and sur- rounded by a wall ten feet high, from which extend the open fields. All the glass at the back of the premises having been repeatedly broken, and every effort at protection baffled, one of the windows was barricaded with a shutter, to which was affixed a bell, in such a position that if the shutter was moved the bell must ring. Men were also placed at each window with loaded guns, so that it was impossible for anybody to approach without being at once observed and captured, or at least summoned to surrender. Notwithstanding this, the shutter was taken down, the bell simply noting the fact when it was ac- complished, "and that in such a gentle, tinkling monotone"— bells being gener- ally monotonous, and somewhat given indeed to tinkling — as to be almost un- heard. In front of the premises, glass was broken with the same immunity from observation. "Fear," the account says, "now commenced to grow into serious alarm. There was cause for this indeed, when brittle objects "took a fancy to rotate with various degrees of swiftness upon the tables, and then, as if smitten with the idea of self-martydom, shot off at a tangent, ending sharply and for ever their symmetrical usefulness upon the floor. Coats hanging against the wall "shivered and fluttered as if seized with an ague. Hats took unto themselves wings and boldly flew away. In sooth, the natural order of affairs in the house was completely deranged, and the more agitated became the inanimate articles, the more excited became, naturally enough, the members of the family. Every conceivable project that could be devised for elucidating these mysteries failed utterly in pointing out a cause which could be understood. Even the potatoes boiling in a pot on the fire became mashed, and leaped behind the fire; and when ten or twelve were entered for boiling, a tot up in a few minutes revealed the startling fact that several had altogether and unaccount- ably disappeared, thoug many pairs of straining eyes were watching with almost painful eagerness every motion of the immovable pot. Latterly, also, large stones, weighing on an average about 3lb. or 3½lb., have rolled slowly down the stairs, bobbing with leisurely ease from step to step. These have been sometimes damp and wet with clay, as if just removed from a ditch or road- way, and at other times dry and clean, as if preserved from the weather for a considerable space of time." During the eighteen months of Mr. Allen's subjection to these unpleasant visitations, a great quantity of wearing apparel was cut into fragments. The total value of the clothing thus destroyed is said to have exceeded £60, in one case alone the amount being £4 10s. Sometimes "a new hat would be cut round and round, and found lying out in the street a few minutes after having been used. Coats, trousers, hats, blankets, shawls were similarly de- stroyed, without a shadow of suspicion resting on any person. The following are the acceptances for the Australian Cup: Diver, Lurline, McBallum Mohr, Lapidist, Melbourne, Jessie, Caliba, Wollomai, Beajiron, Light of Day, Gloom Ella, and Edith Seanmag is queer. The silting-up of Hobson's Bay is assuming alarming proportions, and un- less something is done it will be the ruin of the port. It is only a question of time. 