My Experiences in Piji. BY A LADY;, (CONTINUED.) THE first rays of the sun peeping over the distar hills found us all awake. A scramble to prepai oar breakfast took place. William lighted a fii outside, for as yet our " Vale ni koro" (kitchen was not built. Bethen milked the goats, andi short did all he could to help me. For about week tho work of unpacking and putting up bed steads, &c;, went on, and by that time I ha effected a vast improvement in the interior of ou " mansion." William lined the walls of the fron room with unbleached calico, thus covering all th roughness of the planks and giving quite a civil ised appearance to the room. With his assistanc 1 then put up fresh muslin curtains and blinds ti the windows. I also discarded my husband's sub stantial bookcase, and made him put up one o less imposing dimensions. The objectionable look ing gin cases 1 stuffed at the tops and coverei with red baize, and so rendered them not. on!; useful and comfortable seats, but also I flatterei myself rather ornamental. All at last completei I surveyed the change in my house with wonder ing and admiring eyes, lt waa really quite : comfortable little dwelling. The only labour I objected to was the cooking and making and baking bread ; for the standin¡ over a blazing fire, in a climate where the sui itself seemed sufficient to cook everything, wm dreadfully trying. As my husband knew nothini of the art of cookery, I had to do all myself, am it was anything but pleasant. When much ot one' time is spent in cooking, one seems to lose al appetite for the food, and to be too tired of th sight of it to care to eat «ny. I never allowed , Fijian to cook any of our food which requirei handling, for the best of Fijians are very un cleanly in their mode of preparing food. I have been visiting on other plantations wher Fijian boys liad been under long training, am were taught to do their work properly by thei mistresses ; but the latter appeared to me to b constantly obliged to look after their kitchen boy even in the most trivial matters. The wives o the Wesleyan missionaries seem to have the art o getting satisfactory work out of their native ser vants ; but my experience, like that of mani others, was that they were very obstinate. The] will stick to their own ways of doing things, evei after you haye shown them twenty times wha' you wish them to do. They always prefer using their teeth in preference to a knife, and invariably do so when they are cooking. After a time William succeeded in obtaining some labourers to stay on the plantation for somt time, and he soon had them occupied in clearing the ground, and in felling the gigantic trees. As these kings of the forest came crashing to tht ground, bearing with them their wealth of lovely graceful foliage, I could not help regreting that il was necessary to cut them down. The two Fijian! we had were of great strength, and performed f om tinvas the amount of work that the same nunibe] of white men would perform in the same time. The papau tree, called by the natives " Ole ti.' is a curious fruit-bearing tree; the stem grows to a height of thirty feet before there is a sign of a branch or leaf, and then all the branches spring out at the top, as close together as possible, so that the tree, in shape, is not unlike a gigantic umbrella with a very long handle. The blossoms are very lovely, like those of the orange, only larger, and possessing the same heavy fragrant perfume ; these flowers grow in clusters all round the stem, just beneath where the branches spring. The fruit grows in the same manner ; it is most agreeable to the palate, resembling a rock melon in taste, more than any other fruit I can think of. The leaves never appear upon the tree until the fruit is nearly ripe, and it is a curious thing to see this tree covered with flowers and fruit, and not a leaf to be seen ; ;the fruit is about the size of a small lemon and is of a deep yellow colour ; it contains large black seeds. Another curious tree that grows in profusion all over this island is called the " soap-tree." It is very much like an orange tree, the leaf, flower, and perfume being similar. The fruit is larger than nn orange, but is alike in all other respects with regard to appearance only, as it is said to be, a most deadly poison. The reason of its being called the " soap-tree " is because in some places the natives pick the fruit, and throw ic on the fire until it is half roasted; then, when they go to bathe in the Bea, they take one of these fruit and rub themselves all over with it, and it forms a thick white lather, just as soap would do in fresh water, and answers the same purpose just as well. We found the mosquitoes a terrible grievance. The house being built so near the trees these blood thirsty insects came in in swarms, and we were literally devoured by them. My next thought, after I had got the house in order, was how to get our clothes washed, which had been accumulating for two months. X got our two natives to go to their village and find me two women to come and wash for me. X had no wash house, but plenty of tubs, so they put these out tinder the shelter of some trees, and filled the tubs with cold water; but, before going any further, they lighted their "sulubras," (native cigars). They had brought with them the tobacco leaves prepared by being dried in the sun. One of the women had the leaves rolled into long strings, and she carried them round and behind her ears. When they want to smoke, they get a withered banana leaf and. tear a strip off it; they then make a sort of case of this, and filling it with the dried tobacco leaf, light it and smoke it. "Well, my washerwomen having prepared and lighted their "sulubras," began their work. They sat down beside the tubs (Fijians never stand if they can avoid doing so), and I supplied them with soap, soda, and blue, and left them hard at work. After some time I heard a noise of Binging, accompanied by a tremendous thumping sound, and I thought 1 had better go and seo what my friends were doing. I discovered that each of them had got two large pieces of rough stone, and there they were, squatted on the ground, sulu bras in mouth, both of them pounding away at my unlucky clothes. They had very nearly succeeded in pounding them into holes when I rushed to the rescue of my linen, and grasping one offender by the shoulder, shook her until she stopped the sort of rnonontonous chant -with which they were keeping time to the heating. I exclaimed in agonised accents " Sa ca " ( bad, bad). The woman replied, showing her white teeth in a broad grin at my anger, Sigi, marama, sa teebro Volka viti " (No, my lady, this is Fiji fashion). I endea voured by signs to make them understand that 1 most strongly objected to their Fiji fashion, and kneeling down on the grass, I showed them how to rub the clothes with their hands ; they then did as they were told, but always afterwards, if they couldjget a chance, they would carry the sheets and larger things down to the beach, where I have often pounced upon them as they were pounding away on the rocks, and washing the clothes in the j sea. t Ironing was a luxury I had to do without, as after this specimen of their manner of working I was afraid to tru*t them with the irons, even if they knew how to use them, and it was too hot to attempt to do it myself, so I gave up the idea. [ They used an enormous amount of soap and blue over their washing, and when they came to be paid j the bulky proportions of one of thewomen's waists ' astonished me", and aroused my suspicions. I caught , hold of her " sulu" and felt that some hard sub stance wt's rolled up in it. On a further inspection I found she had four or five balls of blue, and any number of pieces of soap, all rolled up round her I waist. I took all her ill- gotten gains from her, and after she had received her payment for her work, she retired very much disgusted at having to depart minus her spoils. I got my husband's labourers to clear a good bit of ground in front, and at the back of the house, for a garden, and after a month or two I had a very nice littl« garden-I sowed various kinds of seeds of flowers and vegetables, which grew very fast in the splendid rich soil. All my pet English flowera were there to gladden our eyes, and to remind us of that home so far, far, distant, yet so dearly loved, and of those friends of whom, in the midst of our strange un congenial life we so often thought, with that vain yearning for the sight of their familiar faces, and the touch of their warm hands. The sight of these English blossoms often made my eyes fill with tears, as I thought of the dear ones who had loved them, while to my lips the doubting words would rise, " shall we ever meet again ?" I had all the garden walks strewed with broken coral ; and the stumps of the large trees that had been cut down in front of the house I turned to account, by having their centres taken out, and the interior filled with earth, and in this, and all round the stumps, I planted the lovely Fiji ferns, which to my mind are the most exquisite in the world. The garden at the back of the house was chiefly, vegetables; William also sowed quantities of taro-a native vegetable much eaten by the Fijians ; it is a very pretty plant, grows about two feet high, and the leaf ia very beautiful; in shape it very much resembles that of an arum, lily, but the taro leaf, instead of being glossy like the arum, is like velvet, and is i marked by beautiful dark purplish veins traver sing it. I have seen taro growing in the botanical gardens in Sydney. It is, next to teevolis, the chief food of the natives ; the root is what th jy eat ; it is in shape and size very much like a large parsnip ; in colour white, but when it has been boiled, it changes to a dark purple. I never could eat it, for it always had to me a most disagreeable soapy taste, though many English ladies assured me they could not only eat it, but really liked it. The natives either roast or boil the roots ; they always use salt water to boil their food in, even when fresh water is the easiest obtained. They of course also eat the cocoanut and bread fruit, and they make very useful baskets, hats, and fans of the leaves of the cocoanut tree by plaiting them. The cocoanut tree, as well as being the most useful, is also the roat ornamental of the Fiji trees. I think a grove of these trees a most lovely sight, there is such a constant flickering of light and shade, such cool deep shadows, and such bright light?, and the leaves are the perfection of grace, with the straight slender stem, towering so haughtily above the heads of all other trees, like veritable kings of the forest, We had been settled on the island for about fivo months, when fae migration of the large land crabs took place. These monsters which are as big as cheese plate?, come down in armies to the sea, in October and November. I fancy they come for a certain kind of food, as at this time of the year it is very stormy and the waves cast upon the öeach all kind of refuse, particularly a sort of green slimy scum that seems to form on th« crest of the waves, and each retreating billow leaves behind a long track of this scum. I have seen the crabs eating this stuff, whatever it is, with evident relish. Nothing arrests their migration. I could not but "¡admire the invincible determination of these crabs; they march over everything straight to the sea ; they come from a considerable distance inland. Our house had a zinc roof, and the noise of hundreds of these creatures clattering over it was at night quite unbearable ; the most terrible hail storm could not have made a greater row. Some times one would get on the wall of the house under the verandah, and keep up a sort of loud lapping with his nippera against the wood which was beyond our powers of endurance. So my husband and myself used to sally out, he armed with the broom, and|¡I bringing up the roar-guard with a candle in one hand and a bucket in tho other, to bear away the remains of the killed .and wounded, which we used to give to the fowls, who were very fond of them. Out we would go to the verandah, whero we would soon discover our enemy, with perhaps a dozen others, all sticking close to the wall. They looked tho most awfnl lookiug creatures one can imagine. Their eyes are immonse, and project frightfully from their heads. Seen by the dim light of the candle, they looked, as the Scotch say, very uncanny. Their hugo nippers are so large, that they cnn clnse them round a man's anole-their groat brown black bodies and tho'ir hideous, prominent eyes gleaming like black beads. William used to single out one very large fellow to commence upon, and then retreat a few steps, poising his weapon, the broom, in both hands, I retiring to a respectful distance to look on. He would then take deadly aim, and bring the broom down with a.tremendous crash upon the creature's back. I, at this stage o£ the proceedings, generally used tc deposit the candle and hucket anywhere, and flee for my life, or get upon a chair or table, as I con sidered discretion was decidedly the better part ol valour in such a case. You never know which way the- irate creatures will go, and they run very fast. Those crabs take a great amount of killing, and William would have to strike them several times, with all his force, before they would give up the ghost. We used sometimes to vary our mode of action by clapping a wire dish-cover over a crab after he had been knocked off the wall ; the crab would then rush about, pushing the cover before him, until William chose to put an end to its existence. One night when William waa lying on the floor of the verandah, smoking, and deep in reverie there was no moon, so that it was quite dark and I was inside, preparing to go to rest, I suddenly henrd a yell that frightened me out of my wits, and thrm a thump that mads the whole house shake to its foundations, and William's voice exclaiming, as though he was in pain, " Fanny ! come here, and bring the light-quick !" I rushed out, thinking something dreadful had happened. I found that while my husband was lying on the ground, one of the land crabs had come ctuietly up, and seized hold of his big toe; unfortunately, he had taken off his boots and socks before lying down, for his feet were hot, and he was tired jwith walking about all day. The crab had bitten into the flesh at the first nip, so that William had sprung to his feet and bounded into the air, coming down again with the thump I have described. The crab had not time to get a firm h ld, and thus, fortunately, it was quickly shaken off. When I appeared on the scene, with the light, there was my poor husband vainly trying to balance himself on one leg, with the blood drop ping from his in jured toe, and the crab scampering off victoriously in che back ground. But his vic tory was but short-lived, for we very soon suc ceeded in smashing him with the broom, as usual. Poor William was perpetually coming to grief with these creatures. ? At another time he went to get something in the storeroom, without a light, and in a few minutes 1 heard him calling me to bring the light. I guessed it was a crab again, and I was right, for I found him with a monster of a fellow, holding on like grim death to his boot ; tough as the leather was, it bit it through, and we : just got him off in time to prevent his reaching the foot. I am convinced, if my husband had been without his boots on this occasion, the crea ture would have bitten a piece out of the flesh, for in the dark he had managed to tread upon it, and this time it had a firm hold. Wonderful is the strength of their nippers. Even after the animal itself is dead, it is almost impossible to unclose its claws. These crab's are one of the planters greatest enemies, for they are most destructive ; they eat down the young green cotton shoots as fast as they appear, above ground, and also young vegetables of all kinds, and they make great holes and burrow like rabbits, and gnaw the roots of young trees. Many of the planters' wives have assured me that when these crabs are cooked and dressed they are very good to eat, but nothing could ever induce me to eat one. The natives es teem them a great delicacy, and are constantly on the qui vive to catch them. They have a curious method of doing so : they watch when a crab as cends a cocoanut tree for the young shoots and the fruit, of which these creatures seem very fond, and when the crab has reachad the top, the natives tie bundles of grass round the stem about half way up, and when the crab has finished his meal and is descending the trunk, as soon as he touches these bunches of grass he imagines he has reached terra firma, and accordingly he lets go his hold, and falling from a height of perhaps twenty feet, is of course stunned, when he does in reality reach the ground. The crab ia at once pounced upon by his attentive friend, the Fijian, with commis sariat intentions. The smaller crabs, of which I have spoken before, are comical little fellows ; like the hermit crabs, they are very fond of getting into empty shells, and living in them. 1 used often to be amused watching these apparently empty shells marching about on the floor of our house ; if you pick it up, the crab will hide itself so far inside that you think there is nothing in the shell; throw it down though, and in a moment or two you will see it move, slowly at first, but gradually increasing in pace, until away the little fellow scampers with his house on his back. I remember one afternoon, shortly after our arrival, my husband broke the stem of one of his clay pipes, and flung the useless bowl on the gravel walk in front of the house. About half an hour afterwards I was sitting on the verandah, when my eyes happened to fall on the pipe bowl lying on the ground. To my astonishment, 1 saw it walking off slowly, with the broken stem uppermost, down the path. I could hardly believe my eyes, and called to William to come and see it also. He went down and picked up the bowl and found one of these little crabs comfortably tucked up inside, and evidently quite charmed to have such a delightful house, and to be so well protected from wind and weather. Speaking of shells reminds me of those curious operculums which were so much the fashion in Sydney a year or two ago. You can get any num ber of them at this island, and in stormy weather I have picked them up on our own beach. I should imagine all my readers will have seen these shells, or rather part of a shell. For the shell itself is like a largo snail, very ugly and common looking ; the operculum is like the eye of'jjthe fish inside, or the door to his house. It is of a green colour, shaded generally with a tinge of brown or orange, and edged with white, it is not unlike an eye in its shape and markings. The Fijians, in character, are n. strange mixture of good and evil, the evil, I fear, greatly pre d'ominating. They are honorable many ways, for you cun trust them to carry money or articles of value, even when they know what it is they are carrying. They will go miles and miles with it, and deliver it safely at last. Yet if they can steal anyihing without your knowledge they will do so. I have found my knives and scissors hidden in the rafters of the kitchen, covered with rust. They had abstracted them at different times, and left them there to see if they would be missed. If, after a certain time, there is nothing said about thom they will quietly take them homo. They are very cunning and terrible liars, ana are oiten moat insolent in their manner. They have a sort of sneering way of answering you when you reprove them, together with a kind of " I know better than you" expression that is most tire some, and makes it very difficult to keep one's temper sometimes. Yet, even in their dark, un taught natures some gleams of good are to be found; and now, that since the annexation the dawn of brighter days seems breaking on tho settlers in Fiji, let us hope that it may be as bright for the Fijians also ; ' and that these poor ignorant savages, grop ing in sin and darkness, may find the light, j and the better part of their natures be culti ( vated while their evil qualities are trodden under ' foot. Alas ! that almost the greatest of all our ' social evils should have found its way amongst these natives, and that the dark demon ot drunken . ness should find a home amid these lovely scenes. I fear that from the King down to the lowest . native they are almost all addicted to inebriety, I i have even seen young boys in a state of intoxica tion, and scarcely able to stand. y Humiliating and I terrible as this is it is the fact,"and it is deplorable ! that it was whi te men who first taught these poor I creatures the love of drink. Those who are labour ing to teach them the right, and waging war with j bad examples around them, I can only bid " God speed" in their labour of love. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 