BULWER LYTTON ON THE SCEPTICS. The Wesleyan Spectator quotes the following from Lord Lytton's " Strange Story," with the remark, " it would be impossible for any one to express our views more strongly or intelligently." The extrnct is given by our contem porary for the benefit of Mr Charles Bright and such sceptics generally : "You say well, Allen Fenwick. And a who should be so indulgent to the vagaries of the imagination as the philosophers who taught you youth to doubt every thing in the Maker's plan of creation which could not be mathematically proved. 'The human mind,' said Luther, 'is like a drunken man on horseback; prop it on one side, and it falls on the other.' So the man who is much too enlightened to believe in a peasant's religion, is always sure to set up some inane superstition of his own. Open biographical volumes where you please, and the man who has no faith in religion is a man who has faith in a nightmare. See that type of the a elegant sceptics—Lord Herbert of Cher bury. He is writing a book against Reve lation; he asks a sign front heaven to tell him if his book is approved by his Maker, and the man who cannot believe in the miracles performed by his Saviour, gravely tells us of a miracle vouchsafed to him self. Take the hardest and strongest in tellect which the hardest and strongest race of mankind ever schooled and ac complished. See the greatest of great men—the great Julius Cæsar ! Publicly he asserts in the Senate that the immor tality of the soul is a vain chimera. He professed the creed which Roman volup tuaries deduced from Epicurus, and denies all divine interference in the affairs of the earth. A great authority for the Materialists — they have none greater ! And yet this magnificent Free-thinker, rejecting a soul and a deity, habitually entered his chariot muttering a charm; crawled on his knees up the steps of a temple to propitiate the abstraction called 'Nemesis,' and did not cross the Rubicon until he had consulted the omens. What does all this prove? A very simple truth. . . . Reject the internal conviction by which the grandest thinkers have sanc tioned the hopes of the humblest Christian, and you are servile at once to some faith in conceivably more hard to believe.- The imagination will not he withheld from its yearnings for vistas beyond the walls of the flesh and the span of the present hour. Philosophy itself, it rejecting the health- ful creeds by which man finds his safe- guards in sober prayer, and his guide through the wilderness of visionary doubt, invents systems compared to which the mysteries of theology are simple. Suppose a man of plain, strong understanding had never heard of a deity like Him whom we Christians adore. Then ask this man which he can the better comprehend in his mind, and accept as a natural faith— viz, the simple Christianity of his Shep- herd, or the Pantheism of Spinoza? Place before an accomplished critic (who comes with a perfectly unprejudiced mind to either inquiry), first, the arguments of David Hume against the gospel miracles, and then the metaphysical crotchets of David Hume himself. This subtle philoso- pher, not content with Berkeley to get rid of matter—not content with Condillac to get rid of spirit or mind—proceeds to a miracle greater than any his Maker has yet vouchsafed to reveal. He being then alive, and in the act of writing, gets rid of himself altogether—nay, he confesses that he cannot reason with anyone who is stupid enough to think that he has a self. His words are ,—' What we call a mind is nothing but a heap, or collection, of dif- ferent perceptions, or objects united to- gether by certain relations, and supposed, though falsely, to be endowed with per- fect simplicity and identity. If anyone, upon serious and candid reflection, thinks he has a different notion of himself, I must confess I can reason with him no longer.' Certainly, I would rather believe all the ghost stories upon record, than be- lieve that I am not even a ghost, distinct and apart from the perceptions conveyed to me, no matter how—just as I am dis- tinct and apart from the furniture in my room, no matter whether I found it there, or whether I bought it. If some old cosmogonist asked you to believe that the primitive cause of the solar system was not to be traced to a divine Intelligence, but to a nebulosity, originally so diffused that its existence can with difficulty be conceived; and that the origin of the pre- sent system of organised beings equally dispensed with the agency of a creative mind, and could be referred to molecules formed in the water by the power of at- traction, till, by modifications of cellular tissue in the gradual lapse of ages, one monad becomes an oyster and another a man—would you not say, this cosmogony could scarcely have misled the human un- derstanding even in the earliest dawn of speculative inquiry ? Yet such are the hypotheses to which the desire to philoso- phise away that simple proposition of a divine First Cause, which every child can comprehend, led two of the greatest geniuses and profoundest reasons of modern time—La Place and La Marck. Certainly, the more you examine those arch-phantas- magorists—the philosophers, who would leave nothing in the universe but their own delusions—the more intellectual pride may be humbled. The wildest phenomena which had startled you are not more ex- travagant than the grave explanations which intellectual presumption adventures on the elements of our own organism and the relations between the world of matter and the world of ideas." Nothing procures love like humility; nothing hate like pride. The proud man walks among daggers pointed against him; whereas the humble and the affable have the poor for their guard in danger. To be humble to our superiors is duty; to our inferiors, generosity; and these notwith- standing their lowliness, carry such a powerful sway as to command men's hearts. Constance Kent, the Road murderess, is still alive. In a paper on female prison life in England, the Daily News correspon dent relates a visit which he paid to Woking prison, and says:-" Passing a flie of stocking knitters on my way out of the prison, I noticed a woman of about thirty standing as the end of the row. She was full-featured, ofsal'ow complexion, with dark eyes, and her short dark hair pushed under her cap. She was notice able among the crowd because whilst all the rest curtsied as the Lady Superin tendent passed, and looked eagerly for the ever-ready smile of recognition, she, after casting one sharp, angry glance at the ap proaching visitors, stood sullenly regard ing the floor. 'Who is that?' I asked Mrs Gibson, when we were out of sight and hearing. 'That,' said the Lady Superintendent, 'is Constance Kent, and a very hard subject to deal with. She is one of the women in the prison whom I cannot get at.' " 