MISCELLANEOUS. Ridiculously Low Pbice foe Sotjls. — In an article on the Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the Saturday Review makes the following amusing references to currently believed transactions with the devil past ages : — ' The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. He appeared as a, hedgehog, as a black dog, as a man m black, and dealt in tne smallest sums. Sixpence seems to have been the imount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they con sidered to be their souls, and upon one occasion he only gave 4^d. at the con clusion of a bargain. Considering the improvement that has 'been effected in condition of the country gentleman and agricultural laborer, it is not too much to say that experience of this nature cannot be contemplated by the most sanguine and most eager as likely to occur again ; the sums which will change hands will have to be far larger, and villages in Somersetshire, cannot hope to be similarly favored when the rise of populous towns is taken into consideration. When the /iotnl woe /inn cfbiiflr in tfiA midst: nf ihp. uninformed and the ignorant, there was nothing for him to do. There would be little difficulty in finding him employ- ; ment at the present tirhe. Instead of cleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building rickety bridges across country streams, he might be, fitly employed in frlpnTiRing- out rivers, and if his endeavors were attended with success, no one would grudge him a local board or two or a (corporation for his pains.' The Latest About the Claimant. — In a late issue, in a paragraph relating to tbe Tichborne Claimant, it was stated that Mr. F. F. Beyerin, late Mayor of Sebastopol, bad seen tbe body of a butcher namer Arthur Orton, who had been 6hot by bushrangers in King Wil liam Gully, «ftm Crow. The lad men tioned* who was sleeping in the butcher's place at the time, and too terrified to move, is, the M. A. Mail asserts, etill alive, His name iB John Watson. He is at present elnicing at tbe Dry Diggings near Mount Franklin, and can give a most vivid account of tbe atrocious murder. Although so many years have elapsed since the event, tbe impression produced was so strongly implanted in in his memory that tbe occurrence is as fresh to him as if it had taken place Within a month. This little bit of sensible comment is from the Camperdown Chronicle : — ' Our civil service iB out of all proportion to the people to be governed. It iB fully annii] fn a nnttnlfl tinn nf twn nr thrnn millions, whereas our population — men, women, and children, all told — does not exceed three quarters of a million. We pay ' our civil servants, not as Great Britain pays hers, or as jhose of other countries are paid, moderate salaries, j but sums out of all proportion to tbe services rendered. For the support of theae, in many o.a$es useless persons, ^vatythiog we .eat,and.drink, wear and j tear, bas to be taxed at exorbitant rates, and when. tbeeerateB are fouud insuffi cient, we talk about a change in the iucidence of iaiation, with a view of j screwing out more.' - Thb Lose ae thb SC&iu;£&. — The tjytteUon Times has received important I information respecting the passengers by the homeward bouu&Sun; Francisco mail of March la t. Captain Rose who left New Zealand for England by tbe Mikado in March, on bussiness connected witb the New Zealand Shipping company, writing from Ogdetr, he found the line was damaged by floods for a distance of 200 miles beyond that spot, and in ©on sequence he had been detained 'there for weeks, bnt expected to proceed on bis journey that day. Owing to tbe state of the ro -ds he calculated that he could not embark at New York before tbe first of May. Three hundred other passen gers were detnined with Captain Rose at Ogden. The Mails By the Mikado bad been sent on by the previous trains from San Francisco, and got through to New York after four day's detention from the floods. It will be seen from this Captain Rose and tbe rest of the passengers could n--t leave New York at the earliest before the 1st of May. The Schiller was lost at the Scilly Islands on the 4th or 5th of May, and must have left .New York at the latest on the 25th or 26th of April. Victorian Commerce. — Some very interesting facts, says the Argus, are brought into prominent notice in Mr. Jeffery's address, to the Chamber of Commerce, in illustration of the part which coin pla 8 in the commerce of the country. In 1868 tbe business transac ted in the Melbourne Clearing House re presented £68,796,038, while the coir paid and received was only £4,521,240 ; and in 1874 the transactions amounted to £98,339,323, and the coin that ac tually passed was no more than -£6, 186, 377. In other worlds, in the first of the year named, tbe actnal tran fer of cash from hand to hand was only abont one-fifteenth, and in the second one-sixteenth of the amount of th 3 tran sactions which these payments finally abjusted ; and this goes to show bow small a part of gold plays in tbe com merce of the world. Within the advance of civilization 3nd the spread of enligh tened commercial ideas, we get further and further away from the barbaric system of barter, and substitute for it a a system of credit which facilitates and cheapens interchange, while at the same time it conduces to mutual confidence and esteem between men and nations. To effect tbe Melbourne, exchanges, amounting to near 100 millions in a year, only £125,000 in actual cash is required. All tbe rest takes the cheaper and more convenient form of oblong slips of paper, which may well be con sidered a creditable achievement of modern commerce. The Results of the Feench Land System. — Sir G. Campbell, lately a can didate for Kirkaldy, in the course of his address at Dyrast, offered the following remarks on the subdivision of land in France: — 'Many of those who fearei Democracy, and who feared the power of the people were accustomed to hold out France and say — * What a terrible state of things youliave got to in France. For God's sake, take care you don't I Come to that.' The ' Frpnc.h had en. countered great political storms, and I had great political misfortunes and treason. Why they had survived these was that they were ballasted with an immense amount of small property widely distributed. Their whole gystenl had been arranged in favor of email properties and small capital in land, and that gave the French an enormous advantage. From the ballast and stabi lity which they derived from the posses sion of such an enormous amount of smell capital distributed among the people, they had been able to survive political difficulty and storms which would have overwhelmed any nation who bad had less ballast of the kind. He was inclined to think tbat if in this country they had great calamities and great misfortunes such as had befallen the French they would not sustain them so well. 