" I never knew the old gentleman with the scythe and hour-glass briug anything but grey hairs, tliiu cheeks, and the loss of teeth," wrote the poet Drydeu; but Time brings something more than these : he brings the evi r-genial Chistmus, always welcome to young and old, and we are strongly reminded of the fact at the preseut season, when the preparations to keep the festival are of the heartiest description. If it were possible that amidst the cares and anxieties of life we who are engaged by them could forget the seasou hallowed by so: many happy- memories, it is certain that the young folks will not fail to remind us of Christmas-boxes and the anticipated munificenco of Sauta Claus. But we are inclined to think that the children of a larger growth hail the season with quite as great a welcome as the little folks.- And thoy 'should do so, too. -To thein the festival brings a threefold : pleasure. . The ghost of Christmas Past is accompanied by remembrauces of many happy celebrations in the old but not for gotten land across the sea j the" vision con jured up by memory's aid shews many a face oft looked upon with younger eyes, but, per haps, never to be seen again, and if the grey head of a kind, father and the fond smile of a loving mother, taking ;a promi nent place in the picture, draw forth the tribute of an. involuntary tear to their memory the Peri of Mocu-e's fanciful crea tion might find it quite as acceptable a gift ' at the crystal gate as that shed by the cririie- hardened" sinner of the poem. Qut of the remembrance's of Christmas Past will come the determination to make Christinas Present also a happy memory in the" future, to ourselves, our children, aud our friends ; and if, as the old sages tell us, the greatest i pleasure of life comes to us through niakipg others happy, there is an opportunity at this season of laying up a stock of happiuess winch shall endure tormau' days. .Weave ; glad;to see that throughout the district, and 1 localities bordering upon it, a proper spirit lias been shown to celebrate the season with becoming festivity. In Avoca, a few public- spirited ladies and gentlemen have deter mined to combine enjoyment' of a healthful kiud with an effort; to benefit a popular and all-deserving instirution, and the bazaar and fete on Monday next, .for- the hentfit of the- Meclianics' Institute, will, we- are . assured, be attended by eyeiy resident within reason able walking, and riding distance, as; well . as by many'visitors from outlying districts, who will find a hearty welcome aud a plea sant greeting. ' Of the programme of sports we have before spoken;- it comprises all the out-door, games which find most fay or witji those who delight .in,, exhibitions qf strength, fieetness, endurance, and skill, and the prizes offered are sufficiently liberal to cause a keen competition in every , event. The Bazaar will be under the sole manage ment of the ladies, who .have. for several : weeks! been indefatigable in, their efforts to make it iu-every sense of the word a success. Added to these is the attraction which will ; be afforded by the music to be discoursed by the Avoca Brass Band, the members of which seem to have sprung into new fife for this occasion aud Mve beeu practising assiduously, and the various friendly societies have ' determined to give their quota of assistance'by joining in a monster procession to initiate the day's proceedings. It will thus be seen that local I3' we are in a fair way of honoriug the festival in a proper manner. A few of our residents, however; will pro bably bo drawn to Melbourne, to the sea side, or will visit friends iu neighbouring towns, but to each and all we offer the compliment never rejected at this season, and not merely a compliment but also a hearty wish, that they will enjoy a Merry Chius'jmas and a haprv New Year. In order that our staff may have the usual Christmas holidays, the Avoca Mail will not be published on Tuesday next. The lecture announced by Mr Cooke to take place in the Shire Hall on TuesJay evening did not take place, owing to the small number of those who attended. Mr Cooke was present, and prepared to keep his promise, and we certainly think that he has been very unfairly dealt with by the committee. When he offered his services to deliver the lecture his offer was accepted, and it was thought that the committee would interest themselves and work up a hpuse. as much to benefit the Mechanics' Institute as to show their appreciation of Mr Cooke's kind ness. They certainly took tickets, but when the time arrived the hon. secretary was the only member of the committee present. This surely is not the way to encourage well- intentioned efforts for the benefit of local institutions. An examination was held at Mr Brown's State school, Barkly, on the 17th instant, by the District Inspector. The number of children present, 38 ; absent, 2; Inspector's per centage, 78 695. The report st ates As the per centage shows, the school has passed a highly creditable examination. There is very satisfactory evidence that thorough and effective work has been done during the past year.' The discipline of the sphoo is excellent. The records are kept with praiseworthy accuracy and neatness. I am much pleased with the very satis factory and efficient state in which I have found the school." The above is the surest, evidence that Mr Brown takes a commendable interest in the advancement of his school, and both parents and children will no doubt be proud of the result ob tained. We are pleased to observe by the reports in the 1 Melbourne papers that the prize offered by the Argus for English composition has been won by Master W. M. Stephens, of the Church of England Grammar School, St Kilda road, a nephew of Mr »v . uooosnaw, or mis town, master oiepnens also took the prize for the lower sixth form of bis school. One of the first, and, if not . the largest, might perhaps be one of the best things of the kind at this season in the way of genial entertainment and good purpose, took place in connection with the- Number One Creek State school, on Tuesday last. On that day the children had a joyous pic nic'at the pretty spot known as Glen Gully, when a large number with thpir pareuts were present. There was a great demolition ofgood things, including a plenti ful supply of strawberries given by Mr Ford. Sports were entered upon and well oontested, and a day of thorough .enjoyment was spent, This school is only of recent establishment, and the area of its benefit is wide and scattered ; still the attendance is good aud the teacher, Mr Tilley, is very highly spoken of, and he has already seoured the respect and confidence of the inhabitants. This new place of improving the young mind is hut auother. well- epring in the former desert of the Pyrenees. We notice that Mr W, Mcllwain has been ap pointed deputy registrar of births and deaths at Moonambel, in the place of Mr C. Middleton, who has resigned. - — We learn from the police that two men met with their deaths by drowning iii the Strathfillan Creek, near Stuart Mill, on Tuesday last, the accident being clearly the result of intemperance. Three shepherds, belonging to the Strathfillan S'ation, had been making merry over a bottle of brandy, and then essayed to cross the creek on a log. Two of the men, named McKinnon and Gillies, fell into the water and were drowned, the third man being too drunk to attempt a rescue. An inquest has been held on the bodies, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. We were shown by Mr Sproston, yesterday, about fifty heads of wheat from his farm situated near the Hacecourse. We have seldom seen wheat in this district to equal it for size and weight. Each head measured bet ween six and seven inches in length. and was closely packed with large heavy grain. On one head, and that not the largest, we counted 82 grains. Mr Sproston calculates that the crop from which these heads were -takeu will yield at least forty bushels to the acre. Among the few peccadilloes which affect Avoca we thought we were tolerably free from the very mean one of garden and orchard robbing. Jt does not seem so, for on Tuesday night last some scoun \- — — I — mora nrAKuKlu lUnn AM A X 1 1. . VI) piWi/aviJi IliUlC Itldll lur MIC vagabonds generally hunt in couples — cleared the cherrytrees in the garden of Miss Mary Robinson, of High street, of their abundant and blooming crop of fruit. This is the more to be deplored as the cherries were to have formed part of the sup ply at the refreshment stall at the Boxing Day Fete. Should the thief be discovered, a swinging punishment should follow. Orchard robbing in the old country, before the establishment of the rural police, was very common in the autumn season, and was invarialy severely punished, Owing to the comparatively unprotected state of the pro perty. From the report appearing elsewhere in this issue it. appears that an important sitting of the Lexton Police Court was held yesterday. Three parents were fined one shilling each and cautioned, for not complying with the provisions of the Education Act ; ten persons were summoned by the Shire Council to recover outstanding rates, and fifteen applications for publicans' licenses were heard and granted. There appears to be at the present time a great, if not an unprecedented scarcity of flour in Avoca and neighbourhood. To what cause this is to be assigned we are unable precisely to say; One of our principal storekeepers, for the accommodation of regular customers, has had to telegraph touBallarat for a supply, but we trust the forthcoming harvest . will remedy this inconvenient, not to say dangerous state of things. We have been taught to believe there should be na scarcity of food of any kind at this season or the year. A mysferious and singular disease, says the St. Amand Mercury, has made its appearance among the horses on. t he Plains and around Cope Cope. Animals that were known to be perfectly sound have suddenly fallen down upon their head or face, and repeated the action several times tilll thev expired, without any apparent cause. In face of the very rapid spread of scarlet fever of a malignant" type, it is satisfactory to Iqiow that the disease is, in many instances, being met and sucessfully combated by the medical skill of the colony ; and one remedy, of a very simple 1 and yet apparently efficacious kind, is that which has so successfully been applied by Dr. John Day, of Geelong. This remedy,' which in no less than forty— five cases treated bv Dr.- Day resulted in perfect cures, it is stated by the Advertiser to consist of " rubbing over the body of the patient with an ointment made of lard and ozonic e'her," the latter being obtainable at most chemists' Ehops. The treatment is of the most simple character, is inexpensi ve, and can be pursued without the super vision of a medical man. The: approaching Intercolonial Cricket March between New South Wales and Victoria is exciting more than ordinary interest, both teams being considered; more than usually strong. The Vic torian Eleven has been finally selected as follows: —Allan,; Allee, Alexander, Blackham, Boyle, Cooper, Gosstick; Campbell, Horan, Kelley, and Sliglri ; emergency, Gacgin and Kendall ; umpire, T. W. Wills; scorer, W. O, Hipwell. The dis tinguishing colour of the Victorians will be light blue, and of New South Wales dark blue. The New South Wales men have been practising assi duously since their arrival, and the majority of them show good form, especially in the bawling department. Two children, named respectively Emily Louis Rundell, aged 16 years, and Joshua Alfred Rundell, aged eight years, went fishing in a dam seven feet 1 deep in a paddock near their father's house, at Sheepwash, Sandhurst, on Tuesday. Not return ing at 7 p.m., search was made for them, and both bodies were discovered in the water. It is surmised that they slipped in and were drowned. There is another Sir Roger in the field, acccor- ding to the Ballarat Post, which states that a gentleman residing in Ballarat has received a letter by the Califoruian mail conveying the rather startling intelligence that the real Sir Roger Tich- borne is now alive and well, and a resident of the United States, It is stated that the fact is beyond all question. A telegram from Brisbane, dated Tuesday last, gives the following items of intelligence -A heavy alluvial find of gold has taken place on the Mitchell River, and a rush is setting in. The Toowomba, immigrant ship, has arrived at Keppel Bay, from London, with 224 emigrants. The cargoes received at Rockharapion during the past three weeks are valued at £100,000. The Chinese merchants flt Cooktown are about to subscribe £1,000 towards the organisation and maintenance of a Chinese police force, for the proteotion of their countrymen against the attacks of the blacks on the Palmer River. The Gauntlet has arrived with 330 immi- grants. The Treasurer intimated to the Legislative Assembly on Thursday last, iu his reply pn the Budget statement, that negotations had been entered into with the colonies of New. South Wales and Tasmania, with the view of establishing inter colonial free trade. A communication was received a few days ago from the Tasmanian Government upon this subject, but owing to the unsettled state of poli'ical affairs at the present juncture the Government have been unable to give the matter the full consideration it req.iire3. Nothing, there fore, has yet been done beyond communicating with the two colonies above mentioned, but the action of the Tasmanian Government will not be without fruit. At the earliest possible opportunity the whole question will be fully entered into, with the purpose of accomplishing that most desirable end- intercolonial free trade. The body of a man has been found in the Parra matt a River, New Sou'h Wales. The medical opinion from the post mortem is that he wgg stran gled before being placed in the water. The winding machinery of the Central New Chum Tribute Company, Sandhurst, was entirely destroyed by fire on Tuesday. The damage done is estimated at £1000, and is supposed to have been accidental . 