[?] y\ ' ... V. ; There tyM not muohjbtmineBs at tlio| Police Court yosterday,one drunkard and fivo peace disturbers being! varionslyl doalt with, a charge of desertion, and another of em- bezzlement bcUig remanded. The Magistrates for to-day are Messrs. Jas., Robertson and J.: A. Hnybers. . Humours : havo been ou'rrent' -since this day weok . in tlio, city, that something unpleasant had occurred in bur City' Coiiticil in connection, with tbo ,Town AooounUut's Office, (and, as usnal iiidlobart Towhj the matter' was magnified, into something.vory startling. At the meeting of tlio City Ceun- pit yesterday, the whole affair, as far as. it is likely ,lo... cooio ,bcforo tho pnblic, was announced, ill' tho'shapo' of tho 1 minutes 'of a special meoting of'the City' Cauneil ' this day week. It appears that Mr Picssu, one of the city rata" 'collectors,1 had - discovered 1 'some' irrogularitios. in conncetioii witlr the accounts, of tlio Town Accountant, Mr Thos, -Parker,' which . ho reported to; the. hlayor, and upon which the Mayor called a special meeting of tho'Aldermon. At that .meotiug;1 we under stand tha t sufficient irregularity, was shown to "exist in Mr JParkbi's dopaftmcut' to ciill npbii' him to at onco resign, which he did the next day, and ho has since' loft the colony. Tho Council. also felt compollcd to sovorely, reprimand tho Assistant Town Clerk. This lattor gontlcman, for. some reason or other -. tendered his resignation on Saturday last' but later in the day wrote to the Mayor asking permission, to withdraw his . resigna tion. - At yesterday's meeting tho' resignation of Mr Priest was .accepted, and the with drawal of it refnsed. Tlieso are the facts, so far as tho Council have considered it neces sary to make them pnblie, and we forbear all co minont, - It was decided yesterday to invite applicatipns ifor an accountant, to ho made by 3 o'clock on Friday next, the Conn- oil meeting at 4 p.m. to consider them. The Conneil havo determined not to fill np the office of Assistant Town Clerk at present, as tho Finance Committee, intend to proposo somo alterations -which .will tend to tho benofit of the work of the office: The monthly meeting of the Royal Society will be held at tlio Miircuin this evening at half-past seven o'clock. The quarterly meeting of the general committee of the Benevolent Society will bo held at tbo depot, 'Batkuriit- atroet, this evening. Resident ministers of all de nominations, .being ,ex officio members, .ore invi'od to attend. ; C'jiii'laints have reached us of the conduct of soverol larrikins! whoso mischie vous pranks aro exceedingly annoying to ladies In Murray-street, between Moc- quar ie and Liverpool stroete, there is a gang of these nrohin's, who,, as usual, aeleot the evening as the time for indulging in their offensive proceedings. If a policeman, on one of these fine moonlight nights, would turn his attention to thiB part of the town at tho timo specified, ho might satisfy himself of tho trnth of our statement, and by tho o„piuro of some of the delinquents possibly put a stop to tho nuisanco. A public meeting, under the aus pices of tho Kerniandio Lodge, I.O.G.T., No. 35, was held on the Gth inBtant in the Independent Chapel. Honeywood. There wore about 100'persnns present.' Tho chair was occupied by Mr. E. . Hawkins, W.C.T. Addresses .were doliyered by Mr- d. ;Hay, of Southport, Mr- IV. H, Andrewartlia, of Port Esperance, Mr. D. Cleaves, Iloney.wood, and 'lev. J, ' M. Bay ley. The choir snng several pieces, and there, wore ono or two recitations. A third dcgrco collar was also presented to Miss Eva Evans foi tho niaunor in which she had performed tho duties of secretary for nine months- The ' fortnightly meeting of tlio City Council was hold at tlio Council Chambers yesterday. The matters in connection with tho City Accountnnt and Assistant Town Clork's office woro reported aud dealt with, as stated in another place. Several reports on potitions for repairs to streets wore adopted, principally promising attention to them next year. Tho matter of Mr Hall's claim for £300, in accordance with theverdiot of 18G2, was : reported on, and it appears that Mr Hall was only ontitlcd to 751. under that verdict, aud that had been natiafiod, Uo could only claim tho balance, 2251., in the. Pvcnt of his paying off tho. mortgage) on his property, or in tho ovcut of ' the mortgagees -.turnipk, up, .they could, claim it. With re spect to the Director of Waterworks' report, and ; suggestions. f.lr a storage reservoir, it was deoidod to;tako his adrico, and obtain professional! opinion on the same! . lhe Council, after somo rontino business, ad journed to Friday next at 4 p.m. An inquest was held at tlio Bird-in- Uaad lliitol yesterday afternoon before W. fiftrietonj' 'Esq., 'Coroner nnd the usual jury. Ion .the body of tho nowiy born female infant found on tho beach near the rifle butts, last Friday, the Gth -instant. After .hearing tho uvidonce of David Wallnco, who found tho'body at 5 a.m. on tho. day; jnamod. wrap, ped in apiccc'nf old calico, and--tiod round witli"-part -of'-a-"clothoi-- liue7 - Dr.vG.TWr Turnley stated that lio had made, a poit mortem examination of tlio body. Ho found that it was a fillly imture.l:''1 fctnnlo' infant, and had heen born alive. There were no inarks offviolonco as far as lie could soo, bnt from, tho 'advanced stage, of decomposition tho iiii'dy was in, he could 'hot' say '\vkat '' was tho cause of death,.. It, had.jtieen. in - tho water from afortnight to three weoks, per haps more. By tho direction of the coroner, the jury returned an opon verdict of found dqad, but no means: 'of asoortaihing tho " cause, of death. . c.',"' ' ' , ! . . We rouiind ' our reiiders :' . that ! tii ( Spelling.Be at the Memorial -Hall .will" li« held this evening. Mr. Russell Young M.H.A.) will1 preside; ,, hn'd '.'.the .proceeds will be in aid of the ' piano fiind.1; ', Further particulars will, be found in the 'advertise ment in another column. We jlearn 'that the' trip on; the line from Hobart Towii'td'the Campbell Town' abow, on Wednesday next, is likely to bo largely' attended, VA' large number "of ladies have already purchased ickets. and with such weather as wc arc now etyoying) the trip promises to be a success, ,in every respect: .We observe i that.tlckets ;for ithe excursion may be obtained from Messrs. : Walch and 3ons.. , Letters) posted yestieVday . insuffi ciently stamped Mrs. Moss, -Melbourne; Victoria ; Mrs) J. A. DuMonlin, Brook- dale, GippsyLand;; Mr. - S,. Dlackwcll, Mount Moriac, near Geelong, Victoria. In! the report tof'Ytlie'I7.mcbtingi.,at 'Bollerivobn Saturday, by|'aBligtt. omission, tho result qf tho meeting, was -:not: mode sufficiently clear. Tlio resolution proposed by'Mr MoArdell wos carried, and ; petitions. addrcssod to both'Houscs'weroiprepared'for' signature. In thu same report Mr' Iiovoll's name' was printed Lovett. < ' ' ! Tashanians will, learn with , satis- faption that a natiro of the colony .eanied off -.the chief prize, at the first Spelling Bee hold in' Duncdin. Thowinnor '-was' Mr > Fredo'riok' Aldred, who was- formerly a 'pujiil' of tho High.Sohool— from which- ho "gained a first class A. A— and 'who is a ' son of Mr Aldred of Elizaboth-atroet: The Mirror of England succeoded iii' ' again attracting' a large uudience last eyening, the large hall being 'crowded in every part. Val ; Vosc ' appeared . toi-id- vantage with hia' amusing characters of Granny Chatterbox and Robin Redhead, anil was also very successful 'iii' 'his talking- 'hand. The entertainment concluded with the exhibition of two additional views the town of Cowca. in the Isle of Wight' and the clipper sailing yaeht " America,'' both of which . gained the applause ' of the aindiencc. The United Amateur Minstrels' per formance at. the Theatre Royal yesterday evening for the benefit; of Mr Matthew Cooper, .was a. success us far as attendance went, and: -'the henejiciairc would reap' a substantial benefit. The entertainment consisted of nigger melodies and break downs, ending with a farce, entitled " Tho Ghost in a Pawnshop." The songs were fairly given, especially " Annie Darling " and " Weary Stranger." The jokes were not of very great wit, the best being that given by V ambo — " Why were certain two .members of the House of Assembly during last session like two jockeys P Do you ?;ive it up P Why, because tbey went in or flogging at last. The recipient of the benefit, Mr M. Cooper, appeared in the character of the " Bruken-hcarted Gar dener," and kept the audience in roars of laughter. J ust before the curtain rose, for the farce, Mr Mills returned thanks for the patronage. ' The instrumentalists were Messrs MoGuincss (violin), and Crowhurst (piano.) 