TUBOU COLLEGE. IBy a Missionary.] So. I. On a bright Sunday morning in November last I stood on the fine level green in front ef the mission-houses at Nukualofa, Tosgatabu, watching the dispersion of the large native congregation who had been worshipping in the queer-looking church whioh crown the neighbouring hill, where the great war- fence stood in the old heathen times. It was a pleasant sight to see the natives in their Sunday costume, gathering into groups for a friendly shake of the hand and a little chat before sauntering leisurely down the lilJl IB VttriUUB UUDUUU1U WWWUD bunu IWUWW *» wvwvm of the ludicrous, however, was not wanting to the soene, for most of the men were dressed out in full [suits of English broadcloth; not a few of them wore that abomination of civilisation— the black belltopper hat, and hobbled painfully along with feet encased in unaccustomed boots, while the women displayed the latest colonial fashions in rich and costly material, for money is so easily earned by the Tongan that he can afford to spend it freely, and his soul delights in dressing himself and his family at least once a week in white lolks' raiment — a most uncomfortable and unsuitable garb in a climate ench as bis. After the great crowd of worshippers had dispersed, my eye was caught by a long line of fine bright-looking young men, who issued from the church and came marobing down the hill, two and two, keeping step with admirable pre cision. They were dressed in a sort of uniform, consisting of long loose black cloth jackets, white shirts, and white trousers, some of the foremost couples being dis tinguished from their fellows by wearing the square flat-topped college cap. These were the students of Tubou College, and those of them who were thnn riiHiincmiehed were the Matematika. or men of the highest form. By their side, at intervals along the line, walked the native assistant tutors, men who had been trained in the college, and had earned their present position by good conduot and hard honest work. The pro oession was a sight to see, and I watched it with delighted eyes. During the remainder of my stay at Nukualofa, I took every opportunity of gaining information concerning the collrge; and, though its oourteous tutor, the Bev. James Egan Moulton, placed all his spare time at my dis posal, and gave me every facility for ascertaining the system on which he works, and for testing the acquirements of his pupils, so deep was the interest excited by what I saw and heard, that I left the group without having been able to come to anything like a full satisfaction of my curiosity ; for everyting whioh came under my notice made me eager for further information and the mere I learned the mare I wanted to know. The college was established, and is carried on, under the auspices of the Australasian Wesleysn Missionary Society, which has been exceptionally fortunate in its choice ef a tutor. Mr. Moulton belongs to a family which has won for itself a high reputatien for scholarship. One of his brothers, the Bev. Dr. Monlton, is on the Boyal Gommis eipn for the revision of the authorised version of the Scrip tures, and, as everybody knows, the members of that com mission were careiuuy onosen ironi mauug me ripwt scholars in all the land ; another of his brothers was senior wrangler at Cambridge a few years ago ; and Mr. Moulton himself worthily sustains the family reputation. Not only is be a scholar of very extensive acquirements, but he has also in great perfection that rare gift whioh makes a ' thorough teaoher— a girt very much rarer than is commonly supposed, and one whioh mere learning oan never bestow. Learning is indeed requieite.to make it effective ; put a man may understand all mysteries and yet not have it, for the possession of knowledge does not neoessarily give the faculty of imparting it to others. Thus, when Pisistratus Caxton took his Greek verses to his father for correction, and watched him slowly passing his pen through line after line, and inserting exquisite substitutes, he asked why these were so much better than his own. ' But you ought to feel why,' was the only explanation his father could give. Austin Caxton was a wonderful scholar, but a miserable teaoher. , „ The fame of Tubou College had reached me several years before my visit to the islands, and I have to confess that I took with me a strong prejudice against it; for an impression bad been made upon my mind that Mr. Moul ton's system provided exclusively for a high-class education, and that the lower branches ef study were neglected, if not despised, by him ; whence it seemed to me that this system could not be appropriate to a people such as the Tongans, who are but just emerging out of barbarism. A very short time, however, when I had the working of his system before my eves, and was able to make personal inspection of its results', sufficed to show that my prejudice was utterly without foundation. He does not teach the higher subjects to all his pupils. When the young men come to him they are placed in the lowest class, whence they have to work their way upwards. Those of them who manifest a capacity for the higher studies soon come to the front, and thus each year forms itself into two divisions, each of which he takes through an appropriate course of instruction, by no means neglecting the lower in favour of the higher. He has adopted the study of Euclid ae at once a useful mental discipline and a test ' of ntellectuai capacity, not nuwevar laaiBoa^ npon it a ? a test of universal application. All general ruleii have their exceptions; but he has found by actual experience, what seems reasonable enough at first sight, that a native who can take in and follow out a process of pnre reasoning, such as a demonstration of Euclid's, is generally capable of understanding and appreciating the facts of natural scienoe. Those tof his men who show this aptitude are drafted into the higher classes, while the others take their plaoes on the lower forms, and receive a plainer education. Many of the latter have proved themselves to be useful men, and are doing good work as teachers in the common schools, clerks to Government offices, &o.; The students are supplied from three sources. Some are sent to Mr. M. from the various islands of the group by the missionaries, under whose hands they are supposed to have gone through a preliminary course of training; others are sons of chiefs, who are sent by the Government, which pays a small sum annually towards the expense of their education ; and a third class oonsists of exhibitioners from the public schools— lads (who distinguished them selves at the yearly examinations, and thereby gained the privilege of passing through the college free of cost, a privilege of no small value, the course being ft»m three to five years. These, as far as educational attainment is concerned, are the most premising of Mr. Moulton's pupils ; for, from the fact of their having distanced all their com petitors in the schools, we may conclude that they are the brightest among the lads of their year ; and, moreover, they come to him, as a general rale, at an earlier age than flie rest of bis students, while their minds are in a plastio state, so that he can mould them ashewilL It is to be hoped that their number will be increased; for, not only do they make the best scholars, but the gift of the exhibitions must be a powerful stimulus to the lads in the publio schools. The men sent by the missionaries are bound to enter the mission work, but the exhibitioners and the students sent by the Government are free to choose their own course when they leave the college. In addition to answering very fully and dearly all the inaniries which I could find time to make, Mr. Moulton save his students into the hands of another visitor and myself for two or three hours one afternoon, allowing us to ask them questions bearing npon the studies they had been punning. This examination was pleasingly varied by musical performances. 8everal pieces were sung at intervals by bis pupils, his senior native assistant tutor, David TfBga, plsying the aooompaniraant on a fine harmonium. These were well worth hearing; but my delight reached its highest pitch when he himself eat dowa to the instrument and, his lads gathering round him, gave us Mozart's « Gloria in exoekis/' and the Oettingen '♦ Te- Denm,' with wonderfnl accuracy as to both time and tune. Some of the voices were rather h,uskyt whioh is probably attributable to the Tongan habitat straining the vaioe in singing beyond its natural compass— a habit whioh Mr. Moulton has had to fight against with each successive relay of students; but, unfortunately, the mischief is generally done before the men come into his hands, and it is irreparable. Tbis, together with the absence of hto female singers, caused a want of clearness in the higher parts, but the tenor and the bass were mesc admirable. Hie musio books are printed by himself on. a system of his own, figures being used instead of the ordi nary notation. He was forced into this by the neoessity under which he lay of doing his owa printing within the college. Mnch of it indeed in the earlier days of ha totcrehip had to be done bv his own hands. The first class of his pupils and the second demon strated respectively the eighth proposition of the third book of Euclid, and the forty-seventh of the first. At h» suggestion I dictated the letters for the various points la the diagrams, selecting them at random from all parts of' the alphabet, and I was moreover hardhearted enough to insist on an alteration in the position of the diagram in the second proposition, placing the right angle at the left-hand . corner of the triangle instead of at the apex. Hence it is)' evident that if the students had merely learned the demon stration by heart, they muBt have been completely non plused. The diagrams were drawn by David Tonga, at their, dictation, Mr. M. putting them on, not in regular rotation,. but calling npon first one and then another without regard to the order in which they stood before the black-board. Ia» each case the construction was completed without a flaw,, and the demonstration worked out in a manner whioh would have warmed the heart of Euclid himself, could he have' been present in the flesh to see and hear, and which would have given special delight to his well-known editor, Mr. E. Potts, of Trinity College, Cambridge, whose book has foundi it way even to these islands of the sea. At each step in the reasoning wbioh depended upon a foregoing proposition, I asked for either the number or the enunciation of that propo sition, and in every case either one or the ether was correctly given by some oneof the students. In short, they did their work admirably well, very muck better than the vast majority of boys in my time oould have done ft after passing through a six or seven years' course of instruction at any one of our English publio schools. Geometry was followed by theology, in whioh the lads acquitted them selves very creditably, following out an orderly and con nected process of reasoning, fortified by texts of Scriptnre aptly and correctly quoted. In physical geography they gave us an interesting account of the great ocean currents,, tracing them on a large map drawn for the purpose ; ana this they did in a manner which showed that, as far as- they had gone, they not only understood the sub jeot but were deeply interested in it. When it took them among the icebergs, I felt not a little curious to hear what they would call frozen water, a thing for which there could not be a word inv their language, and, to my great delight, the brightlook ing young fellow who was dealing with tb.it part of the Eubject spoke of ice as vaimoe, or ' sleeping water.' ' And,' said he, ' when the bergs are drifted by winds and currents to the warmer latitudes, the sun shines upon the sleeping waters and they awake,' How muoh bettor is this vaimoe than our English word done into Tongan I It were well if missionaries would always remember that, when the language of the people among whom they live is capable of expressing a new idea, they do it a positive wrong by introducing a foreign word. Such words are of the greatest value when they fill up a gap which could not otherwise be filled, and in that case they should be welcomed gladly ; but when the foreigner thrusts itself in uncalled-for by our need, and especially when it jostles a homely native' word out of ite lawful hereditary place, then it k an im peninent intruder— nay, a hostile invader— and every patriotio soul ought to be fired with indignation and stirred up to resist the intrusion. Suoh words may indeed be kept for sparing uee as synonyms, or to avoid alliteration. We may let them stand in the outer court ready to come when we choose to call them, but we ought never to give them a, place by the hearth -which belongs to an old and trusty servant. If we ourselves had kept this in mind, we should1 not have allowed that wretched barbarism 'reliable' to thrust out our beautiful English ' trustworthy.' But to come back to Tubou Oollege : After we had heard, all the students had to say about the ooeau-currents, my fellow-visitor, at Mr. Moulton's suggestion, asked; several questions in geography, whioh the young men -answered with great readiness. They pointed out the principal mountain chafns'and rivers, tracing their course npon the map. The latitude and longitude of the various places being given, they found them out on the globe, and gave their names without making a mistake in any one instance; and, at the visitor's request, they marked out npon a Mercator'B map the route of a vessel sailing front London to Sydney and back again, giving reasons why suoh and suoh a course should be steered, and why another should be avoided. A few questions in algebra were given then, and they solved a simple equation in capital style* The tutor then drew an irregular four-sided figure, and,, having described it as the plan if a plot of land on the scale of one inch to the chain, asked them to find ite area* Whereupon one of the young fellows stepped forward,, and divided it into triangles by means of a diagonal uponv which he drew perpendioolars from the opposite angles. He then produced a carpenter's rule, and, having measured, the perpendiculars and the diagonal, wrote down Mb measurements on the diagram, and hurried baok to his place. Forthwith the students' pencils began to rattle over their slates, and in an incredibly short time they oal culattd the area required. Next followed questions in mental arithmetic, which were propounded by the tutor and answered by themwiiha rapidity eo marvellous as to foroe upon me a feeling of incredulity. The thing: appeared to be so manifestly impassible that nothing but the still greater impossibility of suepeoting Mr. Moulton to be guilty of unfair dealing with us could have kept me from coming to the conclusion that he was palming off a sham upon us. In order to satisfy myself beyond possi bility of a doubt— or rather in order to put myself in a. position to satisfy the doubts of others— I asked permission, to give a few questions myself, and this was readily granted. Accordingly I gave several, of which the follow ing will serve as a fair speciment : — An article costs ls« lid., what is the valne of 8 dozen P A gallon of oil costs* 2s. 6cL, how muoh must I give for 11 tuns P This formidable-looking sum Mr. M. read off thus*, nearly as fast as he could speak:— 'Four; square it, add 7, subtract 2, divide by 3, multiply by 8, subtract 2, divide* by 6. multiply by 11, subtract 3, divide by 12, multiply by 3, add 1, extract the square root What is it?' And, within five seconds, measured by a watch, after h»- had asked 'What is UP' the whole class rushed forward with the answer written on their slates. They worked out the calculation mentally as he* announced the sum, and wrote down the result only. I said that the whole cuss rushed forward, but there was one exception— a poor young fellow, who had lost the thread of the calculation, and who stood hugging his slate to his breast with a pitiable expression of hopeless* perplexity and unutterable misery on his faoe. I could not help speaking a few words of encouragement to him, whiohi were duly interpreted into the Tongan language. He looked at me with grateful eyes, and the feeble ghost of a emile flitted across his troubled visage. I would gladly have prolonged the examination for another hour or two, but no more time oould be spared, and I left the lecture* hall with my mind full of the liveliest interest in Tubou College, and the warmest admiration of ite excellent tutor. ? y_ 