The Sketcher. Country Leisure.—II. BY MARCUS CLARKE. Nunc veterum libris, nunc somno et inertibus horis Ducere solicitæ jucunda oblivia vitæ. IF I do not much mistake, Australia will have a school of poetry peculiarily her own. In historic Europe, where every rood of ground is hallowed in legend and in song, the least ima- ginative can find food for sad and sweet reflec- tion. When strolling at noon down an English country lane, looking at sunset by some ruined chapel on the margin of an Irish lake, or watch- ing the mists of morning unveil Ben Lomond, we feel all the charm which springs from associa- tion with the past. Soothed, saddened, and cheered by turns, we partake the varied moods which belong not so much to ourselves as to the dead men who in old days sung, suffered, or con- quered in the scenes which we survey. But this our native or adopted land has no past, no story. No poet speaks to us. Do we need a poet to interpret Nature's teachings, we must look into our own hearts, if perchance we may find a poet there. What is the dominant note of Australian scenery? That which is the dominant note of Edgar Allan Poe's poetry. Weird Melancholy. A poem like "L'Allegro" could never be written by an Australian. It is too airy, too sweet, too freshly happy. An Australian might readily write in the strain of "Ululume the Raven," or the "Fall of the House of Usher." Austra- lians have written "The Four Graves," "Our Hope," "The Sick Stockrider," and "Ghost Glen." Undoubtedly the chief of those who have attempted to climb the shining heights is Henry Kendall, of Sydney, the author of the poem last named. He has caught clearly the wild and grotesque spirit of his native forest. The Aus- tralian mountain forests are funereal, secret, stern. Their solitude is desolation. They seem to stifle in their black gorges a story of sullen despair. No tender sentiment is nourished in their shade. In other lands the dying year is mourned, the falling leaves drop lightly on his bier. In the Australian forests no leaves fall. The savage wind shouts among the rock clefts. From the melancholy gums, strips of white bark hang and rustle. The very animal life of these frowning hills is either grotesque or ghostly. Great gray kangaroos hop noiselessly over the coarse grass. Flights of white cockatoos strain out shrieking like evil souls. The sun suddenly sinks, and the mopokes burst in horrible peals of semi-human laughter. The natives aver that when night comes, from out the bottomless depth of some lagoon the Bunyip rises, and in form like monstrous sea-calf drags his loathsome length from out the ooze. From a corner of the silent forest rises a dismal chant, and around a fire dance natives painted like skeletons. All is fear-inspiring and gloomy. No bright fancies are linked with the memories of the mountains. Hopeless explorers have named them out of their sufferings—Mount Misery, Mount Dreadful, Mount Despair. As when among sylvan scenes in places Made green with the running of rivers, And gracious with temperate air, the soul is soothed and satisfied, so, placed before the frightful grandeur of these barren hills, it drinks in their sentiment of defiant ferocity, and is steeped in bitterness. And in this bitterness there is a wild and weird delight. Let us take an example:— Set your face towards the darkness—tell of Deserts weird and wide, Where unshaken woods are huddled and the languid waters glide, Turn and tell of deserts lonely, lying pathless, deep and vast, Where in utter silence ever Time seems slowly breathing past— Silence only broken when the Sun is flecked with cloudy bars, Or when tropic storms come hurling underneath the sultry stars! Deserts thorny, hot and thirsty, where the feet of men are strange, And Eternal Nature sleeps in solitudes which know no change. This is wonderfully accurate. It could not have beeen written by any but a man with an ex- quisitely keen sense of natural beauty, and a heart attuned to the special and immediate recognition of the facination which dwells in loneliness and desolation. When Henry Kendall attempts love measures, mark how he falls into the style of Poe:— But the river it beat, All night at the feet Of a cold and flinty hill, Of a hard and senseless hill. Etc., Etc., Etc. But in the following the bush-glamor is upon him again, and he gives us a picture unmatched for local color and truth:— Swarthy woodlands wide and woodless, Glistening miles and miles away, Where the south wind seldom wanders And the winters will not stay; Lurid wastelands, pent in silence, Thick with hot and thirsty sighs, Where the scanty thorn leaves twinkle With their haggard hopeless eyes; Furnaced wastelands, trenched with hillocks Like to stony billows rolled, Where the naked flats lie twirling, Like a sea of darkened gold; Burning wastelands, glancing upward With a weird and vacant stare, Where the languid heavens quiver O'er red depths of stirless air! Mark the force of the epithets "swarthy wood- lands," "lurid wastelands pent in silence," "where the thorn leaves twinkle with their haggard hopeless eyes" wastelands "furnaced," "trenched with hillocks," "naked flats twirling in a sea of darkened gold," "weird and vacant wastlands where the languid heavens quiver." The poetic instinct is sure and keen throughout. No less accurate are the verses of Adam Lindsay Gordon—now gone to his rest—when he permits himself to speak of the scenery of the land where he laid his bones. In that most pathetic and beautiful of lyrics, " The sick Stock- rider," he says: — "Twas merry in the glowing morn, among the gleaming grass, To wander as we've wandered many a mile, To blow the cool tobacco cloud and watch the white wreaths pass— Sitting loosely in the saddle all the while. "Twas merry 'mid the backwoods when we spied the station roofs, To wheel the wild scrub cattle at the yard With a running fire of stockwhips and a fiery run of hoofs— Oh, the hardest day was never then too hard. Ay, we had a glorious gallop after Starlight and his gang When they bolted from Sylvester's on the flat; How the sun-dried reedbeds crackled and the flint-strewn ranges rang To the strokes of Mountaineer and Acrobat Hard behind them in the timber, harder still across the heath, Close beside them through the tea-tree scrub we dashed, And the golden-tinted fern leaves how they rustled under- neath And the honeysuckle osiers how they crashed! This is genuine. There is no "feather-bed soldier," no poetic "evolution from internal consciousness" here. The writer has ridden his ride, as well as written of it. The name of Gor- don awakes sad memories in those who knew him. I will end this brief mention of his genius —though the classic student will find much to repay him in the many Browning-Landor poems which bear the poet's name—by the quotation of the last two stanzas of the poem:— I've had my share of pastime, and I done my share of toil, And life in short—the longest life a span; And I care not now to tarry for the corn or for the oil, Or the wine that maketh glad the heart of man. For good undone and gifts mispent, and resolutions vain, 'Tis somewhat late to trouble—this I know —I should live the same life over if I had to live again, And the chances are I go where most men go. The deep blue skies wax dusky, and the tall green trees grow dim, The sward beneath me seems to heave and fall; And sickly smoky shadows through the sleepy sunlight swim, And on the very sun's face weave their pall. Let me slumber in the hollow where the wattle blossoms wave, With never stone or rail to fence my bed, Should the sturdy station children pull the bush-flowers o'er my grave, I may chance to hear them romping over head. Pray read the poem through, guest of mine, and tell me if you do not feel what Kingsley calls "a lump in your throat" at the last couplet. Mr. George Gordon McCrae has written some lyrics finished with the nicest taste, but there is in his writing little which may be claimed as purely Australian. Mr. McCrae, in common with the majority of our writers, is Australian only by accident. His tastes and sympathies are all of the old world. At a "Carnival Ball," hanging over a "Bridge at Calais," or meditating upon the fate of the "Prisoner in the Iron Mask," he can utter the sweetest of notes, but the country of his adoption is to him bleak and barren of interest. The same may be said in almost equal measure of your special Queenslander, Mr. Brun- ton Stephens. Despite the "Our Hope," which is inspired by true local influence, Mr. Stephens does net fulfil the conditions of time and place. He thinks more of the singers of the Old World than of the beauties of the New. The Queens- land National Anthem is highly poetical, but it might have been written at Susquehanna for all the Australian color in it. I confess that it pained me to see so much brilliant talent wasted upon that foolish-clever rendering of Eugene Sue's nonsense, which first introduced Mr. Stephens to the Victorian public. Charles Harpur, who, in Sydney in 1853, was well enough known, has written some stirring lines. The melancholy of the mountains was upon him, but I venture to hope that this speci- men of his mood may not be unacceptable:— Birds of new shape and plume And strange wild voice, westward repairing by, Oft look their wonder—or between the boles Of the upstanding forest trees they saw, Perched on the bare abutments of these mountains, The wallaroo look forth: till eastward all The view had faded into viewless gloom, Night's front; and westward the high massing woods Steeped in a dusk and deepening beauty, lay —Heaped all the more distinctly for their darkness— Against the twilight heaven—a cloudless depth Yet luminous from the sunset's fading splendor; And thus for a brief interval they loooked, Even like a mighty picture of themselves Hung in some vaster world. From time to time, some four or five years ago, there appeared in the columns of the Aus- tralasian—then the only paper in Australia which professed to foster native literary talent— a series of sonnets and short poems signed "Aus- tralis." It is now known very well in Melbourne at all events, that "Australis" was the modest nom de plume of a young man who has earned for himself a fair and rapidly-won reputation in one of the learned professions. The writer writes no more, but some of his songs are, to my thinking, very much more like true poetry than one-half the stuff which is clique-praised or clique-blamed by the London Press. Let me ask you to listen to the following:— I. In vain the magpie flutes from morning hills, My early walks turn not to thee again, I note not now how meet the love-lark trills, Morn's come and go, but rise to me in vain! —In vain! II. No more the twilight closes purple wings Above us whispering by the silver shore, Christ's constellation from the south watch flings It's benison on our pure loves no more! —No more! Is not this—albeit the somewhat affected refrain —purely beautiful? The "magpie is fluting from morning hills" is perfectly natural, and I admire the daring "Christ's constellation." But let us try another sonnet, written evidently in the springtiine of both mind and season:— O sweet Queen City of the Golden South, Piercing the evening with thy starlight spires, Thou wast a witness when I kissed the mouth Of her whose eyes out-blazed the skiey fires. I saw the parallels of thy long streets, With lamps like angels shining all arow, While overhead the Empyrœan seats Of gods, were steeped in Paradisiac glow. The Pleiades with rarer fires were tip't, Hesper sat throned upon his jewelled chair, The Petted Giants triple stars were dipt In all the splendour of Olympian air. On high, to bless, the Southern Cross did shine Like that which blazed o'er conquering Constantine! There is an Elizabethan breath about this melo- dious verse which reminds us of Herrick or Suckling, and yet all is attuned and tempered to the climate. "Australis" has a very delicate appreciation for the large moons, the balmy airs, the heat-born mists of his native land. One more quotation and I have done with him:— See this rich climate where the airs that blow Are heavenly suspirings, and the skies Steep day from head to heel in summer glow, And moons make mellow mornings as they rise. As brides white-veiled that come to marry earth, Now each mist-morning coy July attires, Now moon-light mists are not of earthly birth, But silver- smoke blown down from skiey fires. Skies kiss the earth, clouds join the land and sea, All nature marries—only Thou art free! But now for a true Australian ballad—wild, weird, and terrible—the Ghost Glen of Henry Kendall:— O shut your ears, stranger, or turn from Ghost Glen now, For the paths are grown over untrodden by men now— "Shut your ears, stranger," saith the gray mother, crooning Her sorcery Runic, when sets the half moon in! To-night the North-easter goes travelling slowly, But it never stoops down to the Hollow unholy— To-night it rolls loud on the ridges red litten, But it cannot abide in that Forest sin-smitten! For over the pitfall the moon-dew is thawing, And with never a body, two shadows stand sawing! The wraiths of the sawyers (step over and under) Who did a foul murder, and were blackened with thunder! Whenever the storm-wind comes driven and driving, Through the blood-spattered timber you may see the saw striving— You may see the saw heaving and falling, and heaving, Whenever the sea-creek is chafing and grieving. And across a burnt body, as black as an adder, Sits the sprite of a sheep-dog!—was ever sight sadder !— For as the dry thunder splits louder and faster The sprite of a sheep dog howls for his master! "O count your beads deftly," saith the gray mother crooning Her sorcery Runic when sets the half moon in! And well may she mutter, for the dark hollow laughter You will hear in the sawpit, and bloody logs after! Ay, count your beads deftly, and keep your ways wary For the sake of the Saviour and sweet Mother Mary! Pray for your peace in those perilous places And pray for the laying of horrible faces! One starts, with a forehead wrinkled and livid, Aghast at the lightnings, sudden and vivid; One telleth with curses the gold that they drew there (Ah, cross your breast humbly) from him whom they slew there. The stranger who came from the loved—the romantic Island that sleeps on the moaning Atlantic, Leaving behind him patient homes yearning For the steps in the distance, never returning;— Who was left in the Forest, shrunken, and starkly Burnt by his slayers (so men have said darkly); With the half-crazy sheep-dog, who cowered beside there, And yelled at the silence, and marvelled and died there! Yea, cross your breast humbly, and hold your breath tightly, Or fly for your lives from those shadows unsightly; From the set staring features (cold, and so young too !) And the death on those lips that a mother has clung to. I tell you the Bushman is braver than most men Who even in daylight doth go through the Ghost Glen! Although in that Hollow, unholy and lonely, He see the dark sawpits and bloody logs only! This is the true "Spirit of the Lands." I stand at the door of my cottage and see the evening shadows creep up and enfold the strange and haggard trees. All is fantastic and unreal. The moon is frightened to rise. The mountains murmur. Nature seems naked and ashamed. Yet how wildly, how subtly sweet is the charm of this desolation, or rather this ignorance of culture! Australia has rightly been named the Land of the Dawning. Wrapped in the mists of early morning, her history looms vague and gigantic. The lonely horseman riding between the moon- light and the day sees vast shadows creeping across the shelterless and silent plains, hears strange noises in the primeval forest where flourishes a vegetation long dead in other lands, and feels, despite his fortune, that the trim utili- tarian civilisation which bred him shrinks into insignificance beside the contemptuous grandeur of forests and ranges coeval with an age in which European scientists have cradled his own race. There is a poem in every form of tree or flower, but the poetry which lives in the trees and flowers of Australia differs from those of other countries. Europe is the home of knightly song, of bright deeds and clear morning thought. Asia sinks beneath the weighty recollections of her past magnificence, as the Suttee sinks jewel- burdened upon the corpse of dread grandeur, destructive even in its death. America swiftly hurries on her way, rapid, glittering, insatiable even as one of her own giant waterfalls. From the jungles of Africa, and the creeper-tangled groves of the Islands of the South, arise, from the glowing hearts of a thousand flowers, heavy and intoxicating odours—the Upas-poison which dwells in barbaric sensuality. In Australia alone is to be found the Grotesque, the Weird, the strange scribblings of Nature learning how to write. Some see no beauty in our trees without shade, our flowers without perfume, our birds who cannot fly, and our beasts who have not yet learned to walk on all fours. But the dweller in the wilderness acknowledges the subtle charm of this fantastic land of monstrosities. He becomes familiar with the beauty of loveliness. Whispered to by the myriad tongues of the wilderness, he learns the language of the barren and the uncouth, and can read the hieroglyphs of haggard gum-trees, blown into odd shapes, distorted with fierce hot winds, or cramped with cold nights when the Southern Cross freezes in a cloudless sky of icy blue. The phantasmagoria of that wild dreamland termed the Bush inter- prets itself, and the Poet of our desolation begins to comprehend why free Esau loved his heritage of desert sand better than all the boun- tiful richness of Egypt. We may mention (says the S. M. Herald), as being a somewhat singular circumstance, that the last public act of the late lamented Commo- dore in this colony was the unveiling of the statue of Captain Cook, at Randwick —a statue which has been erected to the memory of a brave man, who met with a fate in many re- spects similar to that which brought his own useful life to an untimely end. At the begin- ning of an eloquent and masterly oration, which he delivered on the occasion, he applied these words in speaking of Captain Cook's character: —" That life was an example of diligence, of in- dustry, and of devotion to duty; and the character which became developed was one which shows perseverance, constancy, courage, and generosity." How truthfully may these words now be applied to the deceased officer, whose praise is in everyone's mouth. We may also mention that Santa Cruz, the island upon which Commodore Goodenough was massacred, is the name of an individual island, and also the name of a group of islands, situated a little to the north of the Banks and New Hebrides groups, and a short distance to the east of Solo- mon's group. The Santa Cruz group comprises some ten or fifteen islands, the largest being the island in question. 