TFrom the Age of May 22.1 At yesterday's sittings President Wilkinson, of the New South Wales Annual Conference, presided. The Conference, in Committee of the whole, proceeded with the consideration of lay representation in the Conference. The Bev. J. S. Wadgh held that, before proceeding further, it was desirable that they should place upon record their views as to the extent to which they could admit the partici pation of laymen in the government of the Church. While anxious to place laymen in possession of all that they could claim Scrip turally, yet there were matters which must be reserved for the ministers alone. In national government it was the right of men to hold what opinion they pleased as te the best form, whether it was a monarchy or a republic ; but the government of the Christian Church ceuld not be republican, but was essentially monarchical, for Christ was King over His people. After further remarks, he moved : — 'Whereas it appears to be advisable to alter the constitution of our Church, so as to admit of lay representatives as members of the Wes leyan Methodist Conference in Australasia ; and whereas those Courts have hitherto con sisted of ministers only, this general Conference agrees that our annual and general Conferences shall hereafter be composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The general Conference, how ever, in adopting this plan distinctly asserts its maintenance of the New Testament doctrine, that the ministry derives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking heed to all the nick over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the church of God, de volves the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering the govern ment of the Church. This principle the general Conference regards as being essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the constitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our Conference it must be held te be sacred and inviolable.' The motion was seconded by the Eev. O. ElGG. An animated and lengthened discussion en sued, and several members of the Conference expressed their dissent from the resolution, as in their opinion it savored of the assertion of sacer dotalism. Others urged that, if needed at all, the motion should have been brought forward at the outset, when the subject of lay representa tion had been first broached, or else its con sideration should be postponed until the whole scheme had been considered. An amendment was proposed by the Rev. W. P. WSLLS, to remit the motion of Mr. Waughtothe No. 1 Committee, to amend the phraseology thereof if necessary. After considerable debate the amendment was carried, and the Conference adjourned for two hours. In the afternoon sitting, President Bickfobd, as Chairman of the No. 1 Committee, hrought up their report upon the resolution of Mr. Waugh, relating to the Scriptural authority and in tegrity of the pastoral offiae in the Christian Church, to the effeot that the Committee recom mended that in the thirteenth line from the top the word 'pastoral' be placed before 'government,' but the Committee recom mended that no alteration or amendment be made. The question was put without further debate and carried ; and the resolution was also agreed to by a considerable majority. The Committee then proceeded with the con sideration of further recommendation on lay representation, and it was resolved : — ' 2. The Committee of each institution of the connexion, to which a minister 1b set apart by the Con ference shall have the right to elect one lay representative;' also, '3. There shall be ie served to be dealt with by the ministers alone, 1st, the election, of President and Secretary and Chairman of Districts ; 2nd, all the matters comprised in the first 13 questions of the Con ference of 1873.' The Conference then adjourned. 