A bazaar in aid of the Catholic Mission will be opened at the Town Hall, on Monday afternoon, by His Lordship the Roman Catholic Bishop, A little after 10 o'clock on Friday evening, February 12, P.O. Sheohan found a female child outside the gate of the Roman Catholic Convent, in Franklin- street, It had an anonymous note attached to it, asking the Sisters of St. Joseph to take it in and chri3ton it. The cliild has since been taken to the Des titute Asylum. The newly-imported organ built by Messrs. Bishop & Son, late Bishop & Starr, of Marylebone-road, London, for St. Andrew's Church, Walkerville, will be opened to-morrow. The following is a description of the instru ment :—Compass, C C to 6—One manual en closed in a general swell; open diapason, metal, 8 feet, 56 pipes ; clarabells, C, 8 feet, 56 pipes ; stop diapason, bass wood, 8 feet, 56 pipes ; dul ciana, O, 8 feet, 56 pipes; principal, metal, 4 feet, 56 pipes; flute, wood, 4 f et, 53 pipes; fifteenth, metal, 2 feet, 56 pipes ; two composi tion pedals; two octaves of pedals of improved model, and all the latest improvements. One of the seamen of H.M.S. Pearl, who was recently taken to the Adelaide Hos pital, suffering' from brain fever, died on Friday, February 12, and was buried with naval honors at. the "West-terrace Cemetery on Saturday morning. The body was conveyed to the cemetery on a gun-carriage, drawn by a number of the crew of the vessel, and was fol lowed by a firing party, while tho procession was headed by the excellent band of the Pearl, which played the " Dead March in Saul" while pasing through King William-streot. The tars returned from the funeral through Wajmouth-street on tlieir way to Glenelg by the railway, the baud playing some lively music. A large crowd accompanied the party to the cemetery to witness the cere mony of interment, and a great deal of interest was manifested in the proceedings as the pro cession wended its way through some of the principal streets of the city, the sight beiDg a novelty. An advertisement notifies that the Evangelical Alliance has made arrangements for holding harvest thanksgiving services in the various churches to-morrow. The performances at Murray's Circus on Friday evening were to have been for the benefit of the funds of the Adelaide Hospital, but there were not enough persons present to pay expenses, and the money was returned at the door. A meeting of citizens is to be held in the Town Hall this evening with reference to ■ he resolution of the Cicy Council to exclude the engines of the Adelaide and Glenelg Rail way from King William-street after the 20th instant." There will be a match played ©n the Oval to day between the Hindmarsh and the Thefcarton Clubs. The South Australians and the Kents will also meet for the first time this season on the ground of the former, near the Oval. The conquering game between the Nor woods and the N. A. "Eoucg Men will also be played on the ground of the former. A very close contest is anticipated. Respecting a political meeting, recently held at Kadina, liis Worship the Mayor (Mr. F. W. Gurner), who presided, sends us the fol lowing telegramIn your issue of 11th in stant, 1 perceive that you state that Mr. Haydon only got the 3hosv of hands, whereas Mr. Richards also had a show in his favor." We did not say that Mr. Haydon alone had a show of hands. What wo dii state, was that " Mr. Haydou obtained a unanimous show" of hands. The other candidates could not easily he placed." This Mr. Gurner does not contra dict. The following is Friday morning's weath:-r report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line Bel tana, overcast. raining heavily; StrangwayBSprings, overcast, threaten ing, cloudy; Peako, overcast, threatening; Charlotte Waters, showery; Alice Springs, cloudy, dull, showery; Barrow Creek, overcast, steady rain all night; Tennant Creek, overcast, dull; Fowell Creek, cloudy, cool; Daly Waters, cloudy, dull; River Katheriue, cloudy, fine, heavy rain yesterday; Pine Creek, cloudy, overcast; Yam Creek, cloudy, showery ; South port, overcast, raining; Port Darwin, fresh, squally. "A sad accident occurred," .states the Wallaroo Times of February 12, " at Penang, on Monday, to Mr. T. Hinton, formerly an old and much respected resident of Wal laroo. Mr. Hinton had been burning the stubble on his farm, and about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, fearing that the fire was ap proaching too closely to his fence, he went from. his house to check it. Whilst stooping down, endeavoring to do so. his hat dropped, and almost instantly he fell. His wife wit nessed his fall and ran to him, but all he could say to her was, ' Oh, Betsy, I'm done at last.' A man present went for the doctor to Moonta at once, and Dr. Archer waa in attendance as speedily as possible. His professional aid was unavailing, and Mr. Hinton ceased to breathe almost immediately after the arrival of the doctor." " An accident of a very serious nature occurred," states the Bunyip .of February 12. "on Wednesday last to a boy eight years of age, the 3on of Mr. Wilcox, lately residing in Gawler West. The little fellow was with his brothers on a section of land at Alma belonging to his father, and climbed into a mallee scrub for the purpose of gathering some of the seeds. Unfortunately, his foot slipped, and he fell from the tree on the point of a piece of wood which was sticking out of the ground. Tho stick entered his left, side just below the heart, inflicting a wound similar to that of a bayonet, and injuring the left lung. Air globules and blood were escaping from the wound, which is a very dangerous one. The little sufferer was at once brought to Dr. Wilkinson, who is doing all he can, but the boy is in a very pre carious state, although some slight hopes of his recovery are entertained." An obituary notice which appeared in our columns recently announced th9 death of Mrs. Mary-Thomas, widow of the late Robert Thomas, founder of the Register newspaper. Mrs. Thomas arrived in the colony bv the Afrioaine in 1836, was present at the proclama tion of the colony as • part' of the. British Do minion, and has resided ever since in Ehantre gwnwyn Cottage, in Hindley- atreet, one of the first houses built in the colony, and on tbe same acre as the first printing office was erected on. The funeral of the deceased lady took place on Friday, February 12, her remains being interred in the West- terrace Cemetery.. .There. we;e present Messrs. R. G. Thomas, and W. K. Thomas, J.P., sons ; R. G. S., R. K,, ifl., A., and L. Thomas, S. J., H. R. T., and W. C. Skipper, and V. Montegani, grandsons, and Dr. Gobsp, Messrs. . W. Andrews, J.P., John Howard Clark, J.P., and other old rcolonists, as well as the members of tho Register 3taff. The late Mrs. Thomas leaves 56 descendants living in the colony, viz, two sons, two daughters, 27 grandchiidren, and 25 great grandchildren. :. .Thegirl"who said, "Hand ine my. fan-Tom,' is supposed to have believed iq ghosts. 