NEWS OF THE WEEK Amongst the deaths recorded in our obituary notions is that of Mr. Louis Barber, formerly a merchant in Adelatde, who left here some four months ago, for New Caledonia. Mr. Barber leaves a wife and Bix children living in North Adelaide. On Thursday night, March 25, about 11 o'clock, a fire broke out in Mr. Topperwien's boot store, at Hanson, and burnt the place to cinders. Nothing whatever was saved. Mr. Cave's office adjoining was also totally burnt. Mr. Fels's wheat store, with some thousands of bags of wheat, had a very narrow escape, as did also the hotel stables close by. How the fire occurred is a mystery. Every effort was used to overcome the flames by a number of men who assembled. ' One of the most extraordinary scenes that ever occurred in a public pla.ee of amuse ment was witnessed,' says the Sydney Evening News of March 16, 'by the audience of the Victoria Theatre Ia6t night during the per formance of the ' Shaughraun.' In consequence of the crowded Btate of the house there was a number of persons, as usual, leaning on the stage from the stalls. Amongst them was a gentleman who had a number of sheets of blank paper, upon which he was apparently taking notes after the manner of reporters. Soon after the curtain rose in the famous 'wake' scene, this person placed his foot upon the side orchestra partition, leaped upon the stage, and, throwing himself on his knees at the feet of one of the actresses, addressed to her some fervid, but incoherent, terms of endearment and promises of eternal love. Whether this passion and infatuation was of sudden growth or long standing, of course we cannot say ; but the effect upon the dramatis persona; and audience may better bs imagined than described. The coipse of Conn stared in amazement, the keeners were puzzled, and the audience after comprehending the nature of the affair, burst out into yells of laughter, disapprobation, and finally applause, as the stage manager ran the offender out of the wings, where a dozen willing hands were ready to push the unfortunate wight down stairs and out at the stage entrance into the street. The gentleman so suddenly overcome by the sight of the object of his passion is said to have once held Her Majesty's commission as sin officer, and has ample means.' We hear that His Excellency the Governor intends to visit Victoria and New South Wales, He purposes leaving by the Aldinga next week, and will, we believe, be accompanied by Miss Musgrave, who proceeds by the outgoing mail to California on her way to British Columbia. The following are the names of the passengers by the outgoing English mail :— For Suez -Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Mortlock, Miss Mortlock, Miss F. Mortlock, and Mr. W. J. Mortlook. For Venice— Messrs T. Butefisch. and S. Spicer. For Southampton — Mr, W. Mair. For Brindisi— Mr. F. Astrella, Mr. and Mrs. Gebhard and family. F-r King George's Sound— Messrs. W. and L. Surges, C. MoKenna, and Miss Muir. Three more of the survivors of the Gothenburg, Messrs. J. Cleland, W. Thomas, and D. Harris, arrived by the Aldinga on Thursday. A letter from Mr. Thomas will be found in our open column, explaining that the statement in his journal, which we published a few days back, that Captain Pearce and the officers took to one of the boats, was incorrect. He confirms the previous report that they were swept from the bridge. In the case of Louis Wittgenstein, who had been found guilty at the Criminal Sittings of creating a nuisance, the defendant appeared on Thursday momiag for judgment. It war stated thatthenuisancewa88ubstantially abated, and the defendant accordingly entered inte a bond of £100 to appear when called upon for judgment. We understand that the Chief Justice will take the case of South v. Mo Arthur. a matrimonial cause, on Wednesday, after the Bitting of the Full Court. ' We hear that Mr. Price, the pastor of the Baptist Church, Moonta,' writes the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser, ' has for the second -ime declined an invitation to accept the pastorate of a very large Baptist Church at Ballarat, to which is attached considerable pecuniary ad vantage. The influencing reasons are a Beiue of duty connected with his present sphere of labor, and a strong attachment to his congregation, who, we believe, fully reciprocate the kindly feeling.' On Monday morning, March 15, as a little boy, son of Mrs. P&xtou;, waB playing with some other children on the Yuda Jetty, at Port Augusta, he fell into the stream. He was borne up by his clothing until discovered in a state of unconsciousness by a boatmas, who picked him up and promptly conveyed him to the Harbor-Master's houae. Mr. Mildred suc oeeded by the usual remedies after some rime in restoring the little fellow to consciousness, and he is now doing welL . The half-yearly meeting of the Wine and Spirit Company was held at the Southern Cross Hotel on Wednesday, March 24 There was a. large attendance of shareholders, and Mr. T. B. Bury presided. The business was very brief, and consisted solely of the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. The latter showed the Company to be in a prosperous state, the profits during the half- year being £645 1&. 21. The 205 shares which remained unissued are now all taken up, a great many more than the number having been applied for. The anniversary of the Lefeyre's Penin sula Sunday School was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, March 21 and 22. On Sunday the Rev. S. T. Withington preached eloquent sermons to large congregations, the Church in the evening being orowded. to excess. On Mon day evening the same gentleman delivered an instructive and amusing lecture on recent dis coveries in AfricA, embracing those made by Speke, Grant, Baker, Livingstone, and Stanley. Mr. John Ottaway presided. During the even ing the children, under the direction of Miss Sparnon, who presided at the harmonium, sang pieces of music and also recited dialogues. The net proceeds of the aervices amounted to £1510s. Referring to the McKinlay monument, the Bunyip, of March 26, states that 'the large stone intended to form a base for the obelisk crowning the memorial, was laid on Tuesday last. On the occasion two of our well known townsmen stole a march upon the rest of the Gawlerites by placing in the cavity under the stone a sealed bottle containing a signed and dated document, also a bottle of wine and sample of wheat, having the date and place of growth marked upon the latter, and the vin tage and district upon the former. Of course after the stone had been placed in position no other memorial could be inserted, although several important Athenians were very anxious t» leave some token to future ages.' An amusing scene occurred at a sale at Gawler, on Monday last, states the local paper. It appears the seller, after having given instructions to the auctioneer to sell certain goods, altered his mind and wished to stop the sale, but the auctioneer refused to agree to this until his fees were paid. These not being forthcoming, the sale proceeded, but owing to a report having been spread by the seller that there would be to sale, the attend ance of buyers was very limited, and the goods were knocked down at less than half their value. This was evidently distasteful to the seller, and as the buyers were removing their purchases he created considerable amusement by bis endeavors to stop them. His efforts were, however, entirely futile, and he was left to mourn over his mistake. It appears that a murder has been com mitted at Narracoorte. From the Border Watch of March 20, we obtain the following particu lars :— ' Last week a man named George Sneyd was apprehended at Narracoorte on a charge of stabbing his wife. H9 was twice remanded by the local Bench, as the wounds inflioted on the woman were of such a dangerous character that she could not appear to give evidence against him. It now appears that Mrs. Sneyd died on Wednesday. An inquest was held on Thursday, at the close of which the Jury returned a ver dict of wilful murder against Sneyd. Sneyd and his wife lived very unhappily together, and we are informed he often threatened to murder her.' The disgraceful condition of the Fort Bridge is the one topic of conversation between persons whose business or pleasure takes them across the wretched structure. The sidewalk, after being for some months in the hands of a eentraotor, has at last been replanked, and the hand-railing has been placed tolerably upright, so that two persons are now able to walk abreast. But whilst this part of the bridge has been under repair, the carriage-way has been miserably neglected, and is now posi tively unsafe. The metal is broken through to the arch in several places, and at the Peninsula end on Friday night there was a most dangerous hole about 18 inches in diameter, into which a horse would be very liable to place his foot and be thrown. It is to be hoped that no time will be lost in effecting the neoesBary repairs. The Gawler paper has been shown by Mr. Benson, at Mr. John Allen's yard, Murray Btreet, 'a new three- furrow plough, which is said by all farmers who have seen it to supply a great desideratum in agricultural operations. The plough in question is no constructed that, by means of wheels working on pivots, it can turn in its own length, and being shorter than usual, this is a great saving. Handles are entirely dispensed with, and the machine is easily managed by a single lever. The draught is considerably less than in the common ploughs, as owing to the wheels being on pivots they never drag, but always keep square with the horses. We bare little doubt that this new plough will make rapid headway, especially as the cost of construction is, if anything, less than that of the old style.' The annual meeting of the Adelaide Fortschiittaverein was held o.. Wednesday evening, Maroh 24. There was a large atten dance. It appeared that very satisfactory pro greBs had been made during the year, and that the number of members was 160. Several interest ing entertainments had been given, and leoturea on different subjects had been delivered. The labors of the Politioal Committee, in connec tion with the Verein, had been successful; and the library had been considerably increased. The eleotion of officers resulted as follows :— President, Mr. Th. Soherk (re-elected) ; Vice President, Mr. J. Davids; Treasurer, Mr. A. Krichauff; Secretary, Mr. H. Anderson (re elected) ; Assistant-Secretary. Mr. O. Finke ; Librarian, Mr. Gunther, and Trustees, Messrs. Schmeliskapf, Gunther, and Kaspar. We learn that Allen's Opera Company will commence a season at the Theatre ttoyal on the 12th of next month, and Signor Bis caccianti will arrive in Adelaide a little more ' than a week hence to make the necessary arrangements. TheOompany includes Miss Alice May, Mr. Armes Beaumont, and Mr. Henry Hallam, besides other artists less known here, or altogether new to our operatio stage. They have lately completed a moot successful tour in New Zealand, aad the press of tbat colony speaks euiogistically of their performances. It will be remembered that Miss May was a great favorite ia Adelaide, and it appears that on the occasion of her benefit at Wellington she had an Immense house, hundreds being turned .. away from the doon, and during the evening she was presented; on, the stage with a .testi monial in the form of a set of diamond ear rings and brooch, the gilt of some of her many admirers in that town. She also received, similar public tributes of admiration and esteem . at Ghrifltchurch and Dunedin. The adjourned general meeting of the Northern Territory Newspaper and Telegraphic Agency Company was held at the Register ^ . Chambers on Thursday, March 25. Mr. E. M. Bagot presided. The Directors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. The former, after referring to the death of Mr. R. Wells, and the services he bad rendered the Company, said, respecting the business at Pslmerston : — ** Tour Directors have to report that the tenor of the most recent telegraphic advices is somewhat discouraging ; but your Directors sincerely hope and b-lieve that the Northern Territory will speedily pass through its piesent depression, and that the Company will, as mentioned in the last report, share in '7»»- the returning prosperity of the settlement,' A Bhort conversation ensued as to the present pontion ef affairs in the Territory, and there was an unanimous expression of opinion that no attempt should be made to liquidate the Company. Mr. Turner was appointed Auditor at a remuneration of two guineas. This dosed the business. An influential deputation waited upon the Norwood and Kensington City Council on Thursday evening, March 25, requesting permis sion to lay down rails within their corporate boundary for a line of tramway from Adelaide to Kensington. The deputation went into the matter very fully, explaining that lines similar to the one they proposed making were being constructed in varions parts of london, were considered of great benefit, and taken along roads that commanded a large vehicle traffic without hindering it. It was urged tbat an improvement in the means of transit for passenger traffic was greatly needed, and that if the line were completed the neighborhood would be much used for private houses and increase in a proportionate degree in im portance. It was proposed to have horse traction, and have the work carried out by a public Company. The Council deferred con sideration of the matter until their next meeting. The deputation stated that it was proposed to start from King William-street, as I they believed that the City Council would be ^*~ favorable to the scheme. A fire broke out at Mr. Kinderman's residence, on the east side of Butfr-street, about half-past 8 o'clock on Thursday morning. An alarm was quickly raiBed, and the Superinten dent of Fire Brigades being communicated with, obtained the assistance of some laborers who were at work close by, and took No. 8 reel, which is now stationed on his premises, to the burning house. When he arrived, however, the danger was over, Mr. Kindermau, with the aid of his neighbors, having managed to extinguish the flames. It seems that Mr. Kinderman, who is a tenant of Mr. J. Rounsevell, detected the k~ escape of gas in his front parlor, the odor being very powerful, and on his mounting a ladder with a lighted candle, in order to discover a leak, which was in the gasalier, tbe whole room was suddenly in a blaze. He fell from the ladder, but had sufficient pre sence of mind to crawl on hu hands and knees to the door, and call for water. Mr. Kinder man wes rather scorched, but sustained co serious injury. The window curtains were all destroyed, the frame blackened, and some fur niture damaged. There was a policy on the house In the Equitable Insurance Office, but ihe furniture was uninsured. The celebration of the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, was begun on Sunday, Maroh 2L, when sermons were preaohed by the Revs. Jag. Howie and W. Davidson. On Tuesday evening, Maroh 23, a tea meeting was held in the room beneath the Town Hall, followed by a musical entertain ment and .conversazione in the HalL At the tea there was a large gathering, and the enter tainment attracted a full house. The Mayor, Mr. J. M. Sinclair, J.P., presided. Mr. P. P. O'Mahony officiated at the piano, and, besides accompanying the vocalists, gave a conple of overtures in his usual brilliant style. Misb Weller and Mr. Plummer sang, ' What are the Wild Waves Saying,' and ' Oh, mayn't thoa Think of Me,' with excellent taste, and were loudly applauded. The young lady also sang 'The Emigrant Mother,' with good effect. Mr. Plummer was encored for his song, ' Will o* the Wisp,' when he gave 'Widow Machree.' Mr. Bray earned a fair share of praise for his rendering of 'Sound an Alarm' and 'My Pretty Jane;' and Mr. Gowenlook Bang, in a very successful manner, 'Come into the Garden, Maud,' and another eong. He also joined Mr. Selth in a duet, ' The Army and Navy,' which was well applauded. Mr. R. Whuiham gave some recitations that were listened to with evident pleasure, and be was rewarded by well-merited applause. At the close of the programme, Capt. R. H. Ferguson proposed a vote of thanks to the performers, and the proposition was carried by aoolama tion. On Wednesday evening, March 24, a Service of Saored Song, illustrative of the 'Pilgrim's Progress,' was given in the Town Hall, in aid of the Gothenburg Relief Fund, by about 560 children, from the various Sunday schools in the city, under the direction of Mr. J. W. Daniel, who acted as Conductor. The attendance was good, the ball being well filled. The connective and illustrative readings were given by the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B. Prior to the commencement of the service the rev. gentleman said the gathering was not the re sult of any organised action of the City Sunday schools, but was due to the prompt thought and liberality of Mr. Daniel, who had written to the Committee of the Gothenburg Relief Fund shortly after it was formed, stating that the sendee would be held. He was glad to see that Mr. Daniel's act had been endoised by the number that had been brought together. They all deeply sympathised with the object the service was intended to aid, and he trusted that the audience would manife if their sympathy by devout and earnest atientioj | The service was then proceeded with, and as 1 is well known, having been given here before, a detailed account is unnecessary. It will perhaps be sufficient to say that the manner in which the various pieces were sung reflected the greatest credit both on Mr. Daniel, the able conductor, and . on the children who were trained by him. The majority of the singers were young girls, who were drested in slight mourning, appropriate to the occasion. , They had, however, the assistance of a few lady and gentleman amateurs, and of a small but efficient instrumental band. Before the last piece was snag, Mr. Jefferis remarked that the BUVUVUUO UC.U ICOHUCU 111 Ol £fACWV&Utl;£ TTajT (lUOlf sympathy with those who were sufferers by the recent great calamity which had cast a gloom over the mind of every one in the colony. Death came with greater terrors when no fare well could be said by those who were dear -o us. There was one aspect of this recent calami y which presented a terrible form. Many of those who were bread- winners had left mourning widows and suffering children ; but he would not refer in detail to the calamity, as it would be indecorous, but asked all to join with him in prayerfor the bereaved. The rev. gentleman then engaged in prayer. The hymn, 'Shall we Gather at the River?' was afterwards sung-, the audience uniting their voices with these of the children. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Colton) proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to Mr. Daniel, whom he congratulated on the success of the Service, and thanked for the aid he had rendered to the Belief Fund by his philanthropic efforts; to the Rev. Air. Jefferis for his illustrative readings ; and to the others who had taken part in the service. His Worship said thai between £4,000 and £5,000 had been obtained, but that whatever amount might be raised in all, there would be ample opportunities for distributing the money amongst those who were bereaved and left ia destitute circumstances. The vote of thanks was carried by acclamation, and Mr. Jefferis having pronounced the benediction, the pro ceedings, closed, It ia Etatea that 500,OCO bushels off ^he%t are now at Boct Tide awaiting shipment. -J His Excellency the Governor held, a I Ooundl on Wednesday, at wbioh two Ministers i were present. The Rockhampton paper* are full of accounts of the disasters. and fatal results of the floods that have occurred in Queensland. Several deaths are re orted, and tbe damage done is estimated at more than £30,000. In all the Queensland towns subscriptions are being raised very liberally in aid of the sufferers. An accident of a sad nature happened «fi Thursday last, March IS, at Kulpara, Ac oording to the Wallaroo paper a little boy, son of Mr. J. Millard, a well- known fanner of the district, was riding on the waggon of a neigh bor, when he slipped off, and before the waggon could be stopped it passed over bis thigh. Dr. Robinson, who attended, found that the leg had been fractured hear the top of the thigh. He set the fracture and the little sufferer is progressing favorably. The following is a return showing the number of paid telegrams transmitted threagb. the Eastern Extension, Australasia, »nd China Telegraph. Company's cable from Pbrt Darwin for the week ending Friday, March 19 : — From the Colonies— fkmth Australia, 12; Vic toria, 34 ; New South Wales, 25 ; Queensland, 3; Tasmania, 1; New Zealand, 6; total, 81. To the Colonies— South Australia, 3 %' Victoria, 18; New South Wales, 6; Queensland, 4 } and New Zealand, 2 ; total, 33. Gras.d total 114. On Saturday moraing, March 20, a married woman named Tonkin, living at Moonta, received a severe kick from a horse over the left eye. The family were removing from the house in which they bad been living, and & horse and dray were being used to take away the goods. The husband had taken the bridle off the horse to allow it to feed, when the animal bolted, and running the dray agains; a pile of wood, capsized it. While engaged in releasing the horse, the woman received a most severe kick over the left eye. On Saturday it was not known whether the skull was fractured. Hi. Herbert was in attendance. On Sunday evening, March 21, prices were presented to the children attending St. John's Sunday-sqhool, Salisbury, by the Bev. J. C. Hayne*, whedelivered an earnest exhorta tion from' the words 'Leaving us an example that ye should follow His steps.' He reminded the young of their duty as baptised members of Christ's Church to follow His example and to prove themselves worthy, by daily imitation' of their Lord, of their high an-i holy calling. He also congratulated the teachers on the fl mrish ing state to which, by their unremitting care and Qod's blessing, they had brought tne MhooU On Thursday, March 18, a serious acci dent occurred at Pine Creek, to William -hin- tuck, a lad 10 years old. The J&ipuada; Herald states that ' the dray had been packed for the whole of the family to make a start for land recently taken up in the Areas; the horses, however, not having yet been put in, when the boy referred to swung on the shafts, shifting the prop, which caused the dray to fall, when the chaflfcutter fell out and unfortunately rolled on to the lad's stomach, inflicting severe in juries. Dr. McLacblan was at once sent for, and under his care the boy, t&ough; not out of danger, progressed favorably until 8 nday, when unfavorable symptoms set in,.. and it was deemed desirable to send the lad to the Hos pital. This unfortunate affair will delay the family in going north until the lad is. fit to be removed,' ' '. An accident, which proved fatal, oc curred at Two Wells on Saturday, March 20, to a young lad about 11 yean of age, the son of ? Mr. Pollock, teamster. When the lad, in com pany with Mb father, was going through the township with a bullock-team, he fell by some means over the railing of the dray in front of the wheel, which passed over his body, breaking his arm 4n two places, and injuring his stomach and ribs to a great ex tent. Dr.jOoeuau was at once called in, and after attending to the sufferer, ordered him to be conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital, where he died on Monday evening. An inqneBt was begun on Tuesday, but it was adjourned, there being no evidence produced to account for the injuries that caused death. The anniversary services of theBrighton Wesleyan Church were begun on Sunday, the 21st last. Pennons were preached by the Reve. W. P. Wells and J. Bickford. Tea and public meetings were held on Tuesday evening, whioh were fairly attended. Mr. James Scott, who presided over the latter, gave some interesting observations on churoh life in the old country, referring to the vast inflaenoe exerted by Methodism there, both by ministers of great learning and ability, and by laymen holding high civil and political positions, and whose wealth teemed to be consecrated to ^good and benevolent purposes. The Bev. G. W. Patchell spoke en a few of the encouraging signs of- the times. The report of the Treasurer (Mr G, W. Chinnei), read by the Rev. J. Kickford, showed that by a little exertion £50 had been paid off tile debt, part of which had been, incurred during the year in renovating the interior of the churob. On Thursday evening, March 18, the Directors of the Kast Kapunda Mine gave a complimentary supper to Mr. Bath, on the occasion of their completion of the purchase from that gentleman of the freehold of the mine. The Kapuuda paper states that ' the spread was provided at Host Harden'a, and the commissariat did him credit. Appropriate toasts were given, and a pleasant evening spent. During the oourae of the evening it was men tioned that the total amount subscribed by the proprietors for working expenses was £200, that £1,100 had been received for the ore sold, aad hundreds of tons of good ore were .now in right We hope the mine may prove as great a sucoess as there at present seems reason to anticipate. ' A successful entertainment was given by the Adelaide United Dramatic Society in Gouger street Academy, on Monday evening,' March 22, to a very good house. Mr. Jan. Cater pre sided, and after a few interesting remarks by the Chairman, the programme was gone through, oansisting of songs, recitations, scenes, and dialogues. The whole ooncludeo with the laughable faroe, ' The Ghost in the Pawnshop.' Those members taking part were Messrs. J. Eraser, C. Austey, J. Baff, F. Chap man, It, Jooey, O. James, A. Brockelhurst, A, Clancy, and Misses G. King, M. J. Johns, M McKee, and K Cooke. Several songs were greatly applauded. The Prince .Alfred Drum and Fife Band enlivened the entertainment with some excellent music. A trio on flutes was greatly applauded. Much praise is due to Mr. K. Worming, 'the leader, for the manner in which the Band play. A man, named Jfriedrich Moschke, in the employ of Mr. Paeoh, of Palmer, met with a very serious accident on Friday last. He was driving a loaded waggon from Gumeracha to Palmer, when he fell from his seat and one of the wheels went over him. Ha was found lying insensible in the road by the driver of the Pointer mail, who took him on to that plaoe, where he was quickly attended by Dr. Curias, who found that he had received severe injuries of the shoulder- joint and right aide of the chest. The former was crashed, and there was also a severe wound on the Inner aide of the arm. Under the directions of Dr. Curtis, the unfortunate man was removed to the Adelaide Hospital. At the adjourned meeting of the Nor wood and Kensington Local Committee in con . section with the Gothenburg Belief Fond, the collectors handed in the amounts raised by each in the ^various Wards. - The Mayor (Trea surer to tbe Committee) presided, and the re sult -was as follows : — Messrs. HaUack and Mere ditb, Kensington, received £27 13s. (id. ; Messrs. Jewell, Jacksan, and Langsford, East Norwood, £39 9s. ; Messrs. Blunt, ThrelfaU, GooiJerc, and Tasker, West Norwood, £48 13s.; Messrs. XKenaberand Reid, Kent Town, £24 18s. ; the Mayer, £26 7». Total, £167 0s. 6d. This amount ,i» exclusive of several amounts pro* mised, and ; considering that these rabsorip. tions represent thejgleaning^ the greater stun terttf the inhabitants bavingjoontributedin the fcfty, the Committee feel gratified at the result of their labors. A 'few d&ys; ago as teamsters -with two German waggons were on their way up North %hey stopped at the Wakefield Bridge, Un dalya, to feed and water iheir horses. One of the men not being aware of the danger, let' two of his horses go to the water, coupled together, when they mad an attempt to' erow the river, and getting entangled in their harness* both were drowned in less than five minutes. The value of the hones was from £70 to £80. Our correspondent says i— ?? 1 wish to put people on their guard. It is not necessary to water horses or cattle at the spot indicated as there are a watering-place and a camping-ground about 300 yards further up the river, Beeond to none on the Wakefisld.' The West-End Building Society held its first annual meeting on Friday, at the Com mercial Schoolroom, Waymouth-Btreet. There was a fair attendance of subscribers, and Mr. $, Cater presided. The Direotors' report and balance- sheet were adopted. It was shown that the Society was in a very healthy and flourish ing condition. It numbered about 500 sub scribers. The amount of capital at present lent was £2,300. The preliminary expenses had been considerable ; stil', after these had been met, there remained a net profit of 10 per' cent. It was resolved to declare a dividend of 6 per cent, on the subscribed capital. The re mainder was reserved to meet current expenses, thanks having been voted to the Directors, and to the enegatdo Secretary, Mr. B. P. Mudge, the election of officers was proceeded with. The Board of Directors, as at present constituted, is as follows : — Messrs, T. S. Lang (Chairman), J. Cater, J. Tanner, W. Thied, and W. White On Friday evening March 19, as Mr. and Mrs. BigneU, with Miss Ellen James, were embarking f om the jetty at Port Augusta west, through thestresgth of the wind and tide, the boat into which they were getting, which was not fastened, slipped away fjust as Miss James was stepping into it. She fell into the water, and dragged Mr. Bignell with her. As the result, probably, of the rooking of the boat, Mrs. BigneU fell overboard too, and the boat drifted away. Mr. Bignell, who is a good swimmer, had thus two lives to save besides his own, in which feat he was succeeding, till some other boats' painters hanging from the jetty fouled bis feet. However, he managed to get Mrs. Bignell to the steps, and his ones brought down Mr. David Hifl, who plunged into the water, and rescued Miss James. Had it not been a moonlight night, there is every reason to believe that this accident would have been attended with most disastrous conse quences. . On Sunday sermons in connection with the anniversary of the Glenelg Congregational Churoh were preached. The Bev. O. Manthorps (the pastor), who conducted the morning ser vice, delivered an impressive sermon. The rev. gentleman mentioned that in order to provide for the better accommodation of the congrega tion a gallery had been erected. When com pleted the total cost would be about £400. They had also received an intimation that £100 should be paid off the churoh debt during tne year. This would make the whole amount required £500. Of this sum £400 had been already pro mised. He trusted that the anniversary services would bring in the other £100. The congrega tion always had, when a special call was made, responded liberally. He hoped that on the present occasion the appeal made would be heartily complied with. They would thus be enabled to increase the sitti&g; aooommdoation of the church, and at the same time lessen the debt, The R^v. J. Jefforis, who occupied the pulpit in the evening, preached an excellent dissourBe. The services will be continued this evening by tea and public meetings. The steamer Euro, that was stuck on a mud-bank at Port Pirie, was got off on Satur day morning. The residents at that port are likely to bestir themselves about the delay that is taking plaoe in deepening the channel. They say that the steamers can get over tbe outer bar, but are stopped by the inner one. The obstruction is a great hindrance to business, and it is feared that it will cause a loss of at least 21 per bushel to the farmers. This is of no small importance when it is considered that the amount of wheat, the produce of last har vest, that has been and has yet to be shipped at Port Pirie is estimated at not leas than 2,000,0(Ktim»toEte^tt.darnnderstood the Go vernment are watttxg till they get a dredge from England before commencing the work, but if so, a beginning, it is thought, will not be made for nearly two years from this time. Probably, however, the Port Piriettes will put their case very strongly and fully before the Government with the hope that their urgent need in this matter may receive early attention. On Wednesday a deputation, consisting of the Sons. W. Parkin, tv*. handover, and X*. Hogarth. Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P., P. B. ft, W. Krichanff, IIP., D. Gollan. and J. Ranlrinn waited on th? Commissioner of Crown Lands with reference toamemorial which had been seiit in relative to the formation and proclamation of a Diatriot Council at Border Town. Mr. Hardy, in introducing the deputation, stated they wished to know if a reply that had been sent to -the counter-memorial had been received by the Commissioner. It was urged that the formation of a District Council would save expense*, and would tend to the improvement of the roads, which were on what was known as a Bay ef Bisoay country, and it was very thickly covered with timber. The Commissioner said the third memorial, or their reply to the counter-memorial, had been received by the Govern meat, and was now under their consideration. ♦ f here was every disposition on the part of the Government to oonoede the privilege of local self government as soon as justified, but, '.oasidering that in this case the District Council was intended to take in two Sumtreds, be could not accede to the request; but if It came forward in a different form he would look upon it favorably. The deputation then withdrew. Our obituary on Saturday announced the death of Mr. John Raukine, head gardener at the Botanic Garden, who died on Fritay last. Mr. Kankine had been in service of tbe Government at the garden for a period of 13 years, and he was very much respected by Dr. Schomburgk, to whom he was a right hand man. He was an excellent fl rist, entirely tru tworthy, and felt something like a personal interest in the progress of the garden. For ten years, more or less, he has suffered at in tervals from bis liver, and has had frequent attacks of jaundice. Dr. Sohomburgk was anxious about him a fortnight ago,- and brought his case before the Board with a view to get him a short holiday fcr a trip to Melbourne. This was cheerfully granted, and Mr. Eankine had arranged to leave for Mel bourne by last Tuesday's steamer. He was too ill, however, to start; unfavorable symptoms appeared, and he died of dropsy on Friday. His funeral took place on Sunday afternoon, and was very largely attended. Mr, Eankine having belonged to the Manchester Unity of Oddr fellows, a considerable number of his brethren in that Order followed his remains to the grave. The funeral procession left the Gardens about 3 o'clock, and proceeded via Hackney road and North-terrace to the West-terraoe Cemetery, where the last rites were performed by the Rev. J. Davidson. We may add that Mr. Bankine leaves a widow and eight children to mourn their loss. The following particulars, with re ference to the families of those lost in the Gothenburg who reside in Melbourne and its suburbs, are contained in a report furnished by Mr. W. H. Smith, Secretary of the Gothen burg Fund ; — ' I visited the families as per en closed list, in company with Mr. Ogden (of MoMeckan, Blackwood, & Co.), and report that, except in two caseB, they are totally unpro vided for. I found that in nearly every in stance, from the captain downwards, a sort of trading business had been going on, and the families mentioned not only ventured their own money, but, in some instances, borrowed capital to enable them' to purchase goods to sell at Port Darwin.- ' The proceeds having been lost with' them, Has completely pauperised their families : Mrs. Pearoe, widow of captain — Three daughters, aged 18, 17, 5 ; two sons, aged IS, 7. Mrs. Davis, widow of chief officer— Three girls, aged 11, 9, 2 ; one boy, aged 4, and infant daily expected} elderly mother, aged 74. Mrs* Short, widow of eugi neer— No children. Mrs; Cheese, widow of steward— One girl, aged 16; four boys, aged 13, 10, 6, 3. Mrs. Hodne't, widow of oook— One boy, aged 3 ; one girl, aged 7 months. Mrs. O'elaney, widow of fireman — Three giil«, aged 5 and 2 years, and 6 months ; one boy, aged 7. Mrs. Brown, widow of second Bteward— Three girls, aged 12, 8, 4 ; one son, aged 7. Mrs. Green, widow of second engi neer—One infant. Mrs. Anderson, widow of third eugitt&eri-One; boy, aged 2 ; one infant. Mrs. Flegg-, widow of fireman — Two girls, aged 4 and 2.' A meeting of the Gothenburg Relief Fund Committee was held at the City Council Chamber, on Wednesday, March 24. There was a large attendance, His Worship the Mayor being in the chair. Reports were re ceived from Messrs. Tarlton, Conigrave, and Cotton, showing the cases that had been en quired into, and the relief that was likely to be required. Sir Henry Ayers stated that the amount to the credit of the Fund that morning was £4,272 10s. 6d. Bis Worship said he had received a telegram from Queensland asking if money wai required; and Btating that it was intended to erect a monument at Bowen to tap memory of the drowned. It was resolved, neon : the motion of Dean Kussell, that the' Mayor reply to the telegram, to the effect that the Committee had not intended to apply to Queensland for help; but any contributions sent would- not be refused. His Worship also reported receiving a letter from the Secretary of the Victorian Relief Fund, asking for con tributions in' support of those who had been left destitute in that colony. - After a short conversation, in which it was stated that all the money collected in South Australia would be required for the relief of the sufferers here, the letter waB ordered to be acknowledged. A letter from Mr. Bathurst, of Melbourne, ask ing for relief for Mrs. Dillon Cox and chil dren, was referred to the Enquiry Committee. It was then resolved that the Government be requested to allow poor persons, npon the certificate of the Mayor, to telegraph gratis to the Northern Territory when making enquiries for their friends; also that the Government be asked by letter if they intended to make provision for the families of their officers who had been lost. The Committee adjourned until Wednesday next. We .understand that further subscriptions Were received during the after noon, whlohinoreased the amount to £4,676 11s. The baftaar held in connection with the Mount Bark«r Institute on Thursday and Friday, March 18 and 19, was an unqualified success. No sooner had the General Committee : put things in proper working order with respeot to the erection of the structure, than the ladle's of the neighborhood conferred together and deoided oh having a bazaar at the same time as the annual Show, provided the large room in ..the Institute could be finished sufficiently for use. A Committee was formed, consisting of Mesdames Kamsay, W. Dunn, T. Paltridge, Moss, Buerman, McKenzie, Richardson, ana Von Doussa, with the Muses Bell and Gnwer. These ladies, with other friends,! have been actively engaged during the last three months in preparing for the occasion, and their efforts resulted- in the stalls being well supplied with articles, both useful and ornamental, whioh were disposed of to advantage. The refreshment department had a supply equal to all demands ; and the gentlemen who assisted in various way's did their part well. On Thursday the total amount raised was £160.. On Friday this bazaar was again opened, and a large number of persons availed themselves of the oppor tunity of visiting it. In the evening a pro* menade concert was given. Mr. and Mrs. T. Paltridge opened the proceedings by perform ing the ** Woman in White,' a duet for the piano and cornet; this was followed by the solo and chorus, ' Mill May,' MisseB Paltridge and Bosnian taking the solo consecutively1; after which Misses Amelia and Lucy Paltridge asreetly played the 'Canary Birds.' Thfe chorus, 'O, by JBivers,' was enthusiastically received. The duet ' Friendship' was well rendered by Mrs. W. Dunn and Mrs. McKenzie. Miss Amelia Paltridge played an overture on - the piano in good style ; this was followed by 'Chough and Crow,' by the company, a»fl elicited loud applause. Mrs, W. Dunn and Miss M. Paltridge gave in a pleasing manner, ' O'er the hill ; o'er the dale.1' 'The Globe Quadrilles' were artistically rendered by Misses Kosman and Humberstone ; followed by the ' Zavistowski Waltz,' by Miss Humberetone. The programme closed with the song and chorus, 'Fare thee well. Kitty.' Mr. J. G. Bamsay,J. P., briefly thanked the friends for their liberal patronage^, and the ladies for their untiring z»al in getting up tha bazaar. The National Anthem having been sung, three cheers were given for the ladies, and the company dispersed. The total receipts in cash during the two days amounted to £212. Thi«, with goods sold without imme mediate returns, and articles yet for disposal, will bring the totil sum up to about £250. ? The anniversary services of the Con grecatiouai Church, Glenelg, were continued on Tuesday, March 23. The tea meeting was largely patronised, and the public meeting whioh folio we 1 was well attended. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe presided, and remarked that since tha last anniversary they had had seasons ef gladness as well as of sorrow. The Sabbath servioss throughout the year had been well attended. The week evening services were also well sustained. He was sorry to say that he cauld not speak so highly of the attendance at Ihe prayer meeting held every Wednesday evening. In referenoe to spiritual matters, they had not had so many additions as in former years, but he was pleased to say that some of the younger members of the congregation had identified themselves with the Churoh He had only to record the death of one member, but they had lost several members through removals. to other distriots. The Sunday-school coatinued to progrera, and at present; numbered lOOboys and 86 girls, with an average attendance of from 140 to 150. There were 16 teachers, but he believed that there was room for more. They had a young women's Bible OlaSB, and he hoped soon to arrange another for young men. During the year a Literary Association had been started with 40 members while ia session, and an average attendance of about 20. They could all see that a gallery had been erected for the bettor accommodation of the congregation. It was a work that had been much needed. They expected it to cost £400, for the contract was for £350, and he had no doubt that the extras would make tbe cost up to the former amount. Towards that £200 had been paid into the hands of the Treasurer, and another £200 was out in promises, which were quite as good as if the amount had been paid. There was a mortgage on the Churoh of £600, and another £200 had been lent by the Ohapel Building Society. The latter, he balieved, was borrowed when the church was opened, and us the Society had expressed a desire that £100 should be paid off, he hoped they, would be able to succeed in doing so that evening. The collections on Sunday were good, and the proceeds of the tea had been satisfac tory, so he had no doubt they would be able to make up th^ required amount. Mr. James Storrie read the financial report, which showed that the receipts during the year had amounted to £824 Is. 2d., and the expenditure to £674 Is. 3d. Their total liabilities were £L,765 12s. 3d., which included the £400 for tbe new gallery. Interesting addresses were afterwards de livered by the Eevs T. Hope, J. Lyall, F. W. Cox, A. Scales, and the Hon B. A. Tarlton. The collection which was made realised £44 2s., which, with the proceeds of the tea and the Sunday services and a few promises to come in, will enable the trustees of the Church to pay off -Ae £100. The new gallery adds greatly to the beauty ef the interior of the edifiae, and will seat 1C0 persons. The capacity of the building was previously for 400, so that now 500 can be seated comfortably, s 