OUITPAKI^ETTJSR. (From our oivn Correspondent.) PAEIR, May 15. The dissolution is approached by short and easy stages ; Byron liked to be particular in dates, but the Assembly does „ot; it had not the courage to RO f urther than pronouncing a " moral date for its proposed hie jacct; so far so good; it is beat not to look a gift horse m the month, and acceptance of the principle of immediate dissolution as mtopre ed by decreeing the cessation of thepwtoltfoc tionSj is a great advance upon « !» • when the legislators, m a . ^ P "nt> E i S S to f nfo,X There is apparently no desire to obstrnc thefgeneral elections in the autumn ; all feel tliat vben the event lias to come ofl it were well that it were done qSickly. So say we all of us. Real necessary business only will be executed, and that a "Express speed. No Chamber can surpass the French in massacremg innocents, or closin- an unnecessary discussion Happily lo«g speeches are not in favor at Versailles ; this is a great redeeming virtue. The ministry is apparently resolved to maintain a masterly inactivity; such an attitude cuts both ways ; its pos!- ton is very delicate, and the situation must be managed with great circumspec- ™on. Thiers says of M. Buffet, the chief of the cabinet, that he is going on excellent^ only he ought to put a little more oil m liis salad, „ T By the election of M. Jolm Lemoine, to the French Academy, journalism has received a great honor from the Immortals," as all Lemome s literary bagga ffe consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles, more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts. He belongs to the best, and perhaps with two more exceptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in France -the rest are but leather and prunello. His articles in the Debais ever dazzling, make the tour of the world. Then they are all short leaders, generally about Half a column in length, and totally in opposition to the linked sweetness long drawn out of the like contributions in the press of other countries. M. Lemome is about sixty years of age, middle height, and slender : he is probably the least personally known of all the publicists of France to Parisians, because he shuns display, and his birth and long residence in Jingland has impressed upon him some ot the severity of English manners. He speaks English fluently, and is the occasional correspondent," as was his predecessor Prevost Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. He is said to think like an Englishman but to write like a Frenchman. During the "fusion epoch he was a fervent Royalist one day, and a warm Republican the next. All tins never injures in France ; it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. M. Lemome is a very high employe m the Rothschild establishment, presiding over the department of Spanish finances,wlucli at 110 time ought to be a sinecure. Lemoine is not so original a writer as de Girardin ; the latter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems not to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's duration. Tallyrand counselled to tell a lie, if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Emile de Girardin is said to be the illegitimate son of Louis-Philippe ; at all events from being a waif and stray of society in his infancy, he has become a millionnaire. He illustrates the French aphorism : everything leans to literature—provided you leave it. He is still connected with the press, but rather commercially than otherwise ; he devotes most of his attention to the famous Le Petit Journal, selling for a sous, and it is his hobby to try and bring its circulation up to what it attained under its original owners, Milland and the well-known Timothie Trimm. He sold la Libcrte, once a fine property, but now only a shadow, owing to its Imperialist politics to his nephew, and converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine. De Girardin now scouts the doctrine of " appeal to the people," and BO far he is in harmony with France. The nephew's hair stands on end at this chopping round, and he has just replied by printing side by Bide Girardin's north and south pole opinions. Cui bono here ? M. Jules Simon has not been so fortunate at the Academy as the applicant for the fauteuil, left vacant by the death of Guizot; he was, however, as good as his rival Dumas, as neither having attained the required number of votes the election has been postponed for six months. This contest was the most exciting, as it was a trial of strength between political and religious parties. Dumas is a celebrated chemist, and is in addition a Bonapartist " and Ultramontist. Jules Simon is neither one nor the other, but a distinguished publicist, and a follower of Thiers. The odds are in his favor, and Lemoine will vote for him. The weakness still exists for worship- the municipality of Pans is to ^ve its bust of our Lady of the Per haps this is intended as a ^W^otfto the despatch of engravings of Marsha M'Mali on to bo suspended m tlc Council Chambers throughout the laud. 1 he Marshal is best honored by allowing lnm to keen the even tenor of lus way The Paris Municipality are downright realists ; they regard tli "tomb of Abelard and Hedoise in Pere La Chaise cemetery as a myth, and question an outlay to restore the monument. At the rate the world is progressing, not a legend will be left standing ; even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to demolishing the character of Napoleon I., as set up by Thiers; Napoleon III. is beneath demolition. In fact, nothing is but what is not. Russia being now the arbiter of Europe—what a change within twenty years—all that concerns the Czar is interesting. Even before and since his romantic marriage, lie is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess; he likes to live for a while absorbed m himself, to wander in cloudland, and to feel emancipated from the splendors which surround him Northern nations are liable to these fits of silence and seclusion, and a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indication of a love of peace. Men ot iron and blood never dream ; history makes no mention that Bismark devotes himself to such a luxury. But Alexander Il.lis not less a practical man, he never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the single pleasure of parading. He first of all aims at the interest of Ins empire in the future as well as in the present, and all that does not lead up to this leaves him cold and indifferent, lie assured where Russia can benefit she will not hesitate to interfere with the sword if necessary ; outside this Russia will only afford a benevolent mediation, but never an effective assistance. The moral lience, is, that Prussia having no material guarantee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Sea treaty to tear up, and the inarch India-wards not being pressing, Russia will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q.E.D. People, though not Catholics, can admire the Pope as a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopting his politics. It is thus that the celebration of the anniversary of Ins birthday was so respectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the French will never go to war on behalf of his temporal power. The Queen of Spain, who lost her crown for him, run up a brand new Spanish flag on the day in question, and no one ever objected to her display of fidelity. The tobacco question unites all smokers, be their political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of tobacco in France is a Government monopoly, and a very remunerative one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, soutados or liavanas, all are abused, like bad weather. To read the charter of complaints, the Government tobacco would be nothing more than a compound of the seven capital sins ; some, encouraged by the rumor that fragmenis of telegraph posts and railway sleepers have been found in it, do not despair of yet lighting upon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the French weed as may be, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighboring countries— "Stand aside, I am holier than thou." The origin of the monopoly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of diamonds on a lady present at the Court ball, was informed she was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later an Imperial decree was issued decreeing the manufacture of tobacco to be a Government monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and rewards this tenderness of appreciation by becoming more productive the more it is weighted with imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a pin; now it requires three years and four months to make a pinch of snuff, owing to the storage the raw and manufactured material has to undergo; kke wine and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countries and districts in stated proportions ; the democratic cigar at one sou is the product of no less than ten different varieties of home and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the increase in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the augmentation of the cases of insanity; hence the war against nicotine. It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness is that containing the least per centage of nicotine ; for example the landres cigar has but one per cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed as eels to be skinned. The case of a smoker being killed by nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combus It requires no ghost to prove of the rapid revival of trade and commerce m Paris ; there is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of the season, as well as of ware rooms devoted to new furniture, the latter of very beautiful and rare designs. Iu industrial art the French are becoming more and more incomparable. This remark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced, like razors, to sell to purchasers who base their offers on the average price of room paper. A lady once observed to me, a sure sign of prosperity of a people is not alone in the numberof its milliners shops, but in the variety of theshapes, &c.; exposed. Judgedjby this standard, Paris must be the most thriving place in the A'orld. A less ajsthetical index is that daily before . mv eyes ; the number of barges and tug-boats that ascend and descend the river laden with cargo is double now what it was last year. The lilac has nearly gone ; a thing of beauty is not in every case a joy for ever, io tliis succeeds those pretty flowers of young girls dressed in white, engaged in the duties of confirmation ; they are more numerous this year also. People, perhaps, are becoming more devout; if so, so much the better, or the population is increasing, which also merits felicity. Not only the races, but the concerts in the Champs Ulysetfs, are capital places for measuring the well-being of Paris. Both, as the omnibuses signal are, au complet. The concert in question isstill traditionally correct ; no black sheep are ever allowed to enter there ; it is not that ladies are called upon to show their marriage certificates before being admitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whose judgment never fails in drawing the line between virtue and vice, and who has served lus apprenticeship at the Jardin Mabille—the best of diplomas. The annual fete of Jeanne d Arc has been celebrated with all honors at Orleans, and the celebrated preacher demanded from his hearers to have only the simple faith of the maid—for her country and for her God. Something ought to be done to make the Bishop of the diocese move more quickly in completing the preliminaries for her canonisation. Mgr. Dupanloup promises to be as tedious as the famous Constitutional Committee of Thirty ; he ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. A warning to lovers who meet alone— but not by moonlight. A young man had an assignation with his intended on the banks of the canal at St. Denis, and while discussing, in walking, the fixing of the day for their marriage, the poor girl stumbled into the water and was drowned before assistance arrived. Paris has an immigration from Belgium every February, lasting till May, of about 8500 workmen ; tlieir labor is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together into hats. A good worker can gain eight francs per day. A new locomotive is patented. It marches, not upon wheels, but on rollers resembling the legs of a fat man. A bachelor and rich, advertises that he is weary dining alone, and that he will gratuitously share his daily bread with a gentleman producing the evidence of being cultivated, and enjoying an income of 50,000 francs a year. 