LITERATURE. Literary Notice. ' The English critics appear to be'enraptured with Mr. Tennyson's " Drama of Queen Mary," which has been published simultaneously in London and New York. Their praise of the work approaches the verge of extravagance. Some go so tar as to compare the work with the best productions of Shakespeare, and to allege that the comparison is favourable to the Poet Laureate. Others, while admitting that Shakespeare had more natural ge nius than Tennyson, maintain that the latter has more culture and art than distinguished the Bard of Avon. All are agreed, however, that the work is more dramatic than historical, and, consequently, we ought to form our judgment of its merits solely on that ground. Has it the true dramatic fire ? And does it give us a broad and magnificent por traiture of character Y We believe these questions must be answered in the affirmative. The writer has seized the outlines of Mary's character, and has turned them with great skill to ¿is purpose, while all the other actors ic the drama are made, to use a common phrase, to support the principal in a truly artistic manner. Mary is anxious to main tain the Catholic Faith, and at the same time is enamoured of Philip* of Spain. She is represented as saying ' -Holy Virgin, Plead with thy blessed Bon ; g rant nie roy prayer : Give rae my Phillp ; and we two will lead The living waters ot the Faith again Back through the wldow'd channel here, and watch Tho parohed bank rolling iuoense, as of old. To Heaven, and kindled with the palms of Christ 1 . The drama presents the chief events of Mary's reign in a dramatic form, the poet making a great point out of the Queen's love for Philip. The duplicity and one-sidedness of diplomacy are co vertly pourtrayèd in the different accounts which are given of the character of Philip by the French and Spanish Ambassadors. Mary and the French Ambassador are speaking MABY. Have yon seen Philip ever P NOA.ILI.ES. Only once. MART. Is this like Phillp? RoAILLES. Ay, but nobler-looking, MABY. Hath he the large ability of tho "Emperor / NOAttlíS. ?Xfo, surely. MAB*. I can make allowance for thee, Thou speakeat of the enemy of thy king. No AILLES. Hake no allowance for the naked truth. He is every way a lesser man than Charles ; Stone hard, ice-cold-no dash of daring in him; MABY. If oold, his life is para MOAILLES. Why <,smiling), no, indeed, MABY. Bayst thon P NoAiLLEa; A very wanton life lndeed'(jmi7my). ' MAKY. Tour audience is concluded, Bir. [Exit NOAIIXES. You cannot > Learn a man's nature from his natural foe. The Spanish Ambassador contradicts all this and paints Philip as an angel B EUrfABD. Tho lot of Princes. To sit high ? Is to be lied about. Haughty, ay, worse. HAUY. They call bim oold. BENAUD. Why. doubtless, Philip shows Borne of the bearing of your blue blood-still All within measure-nay, it well becomes him. " MABY. Hath he the large ability of hi* father P BENABD. Kay, some believe that he will KO beyond him. MABY. Is this like him ? BENAUD. ? Ay, somewhat ; but your Philip Ii the mest princelike Prince beneath che sun. This is a daub to Phillp. MABY. Ufa pure life P BENAUD. As an angel among angels. Yea. by Heaven, The text-oar Highness knows lt. " Wbosonver Iiooketb after a woman.' would not graze The Prinoe of Spain. You are happy in him there. Chaste as your Grace I MABY. I am h»ppy in him there. The marriage takes place; Philip gets disgusted with the climate, with English manners, and with the sterility of his wife. His ambassador, Renard, I and he are speaking PHILIP. But, Renard, I am sloker Bearing here Than any sea could make me passing home. Tho' I be ever deadly sick at sea. Bo sick am I with biding for this child. Is it the fashion in this clime for women To go twelve month« in bearing of a child ? The nursesyawn'd, the croriJe gaped, they led Processions, oliauted litanies, clashed their bells. Shot off their lying canon, und her priests Have preaoU'd, the fools, of this fair prince to come, Till, by BC. Jame«, I find myself the fool. Why do you lift your eyebrow at me thus f RENARD I never saw your Highness moved till now. PHLLIP. Bo weary am I of this wet land of theirs, And ovary soul of man that breathes therein. " " KEWABD. My liege, we must not drop tho mask before The masquerade is over PHILLIP. -Maveldropt lt? I nave but shown a loathing face to you. Who knew it from the «rat. jEVtfer WABY. MABY (aside). With Benard. Still Parleying with Renard, all the day wich Benard, \- And scarce a greeting all the day for me- ' And goes to-morrow, [Exit MARS PHILIP (to BENABD. who advances to him ) Well, Sir, is there more ? BENABD (who has 2'erceived t/ie QUEEN.) May Simon .Renard speak a ningle word? PHILIP. RENAUD. And be forgiven for it ? PHILIP. Simon Benard ' Knows me too well to speak a single word Tnat could not be forgiven. REGARD. Well, my liege. Your Grace bath a most chajf« and lovmg wife. PHILIP. Why notP The Queen a»i fhlllp should be chaste. RENARD. Ay, but, my Lord, you kuow what Virgil sings. Woman is various and moBt mutable. PHILIP. Bho play the harlot 1 never. BENABD. No, Sire, no, Hot dream'd of by the rabldest gospeller. lhere was a paper thrown into toe palace, " The King bath wearied of his barren bride," She came upon lt, read it, then rent it, With all the rage of one who bates a truth He cannot but allow. Sire, I would bare you-. What should I say, I cannot pick my words Be somewhat less-majestic to your Queen, PHILIP. Am X to change my manners, Simon Benard, Because these islanders are brutal beasts ; Or would you have me turn sonneteer. And warble those brief-Bighted eyes of hen ? BENABD. Brief-sighted tho'they be, I have seen them, Sire, When you perchance were trifling royaliy . With some fair dame of Court, auddenly fill ' With auoh fierce fire-had it been fire indeed It would have burnt both speakers. PHILIP. Ay,and then? BENABD. Sire, might it not be policy in some matter Of small importance now and then to cede A point to her demand? PHILIP, Well,lam going. BENABD. Por should her love when you are gone, my Liege, Witness these papers, there will not be wanting Those that will urge her injury-should her love And I have known such wemen more than one Veer to the counterpoint, and jealousy Hath in it an alohemio force to futo Almost into one metal love and hate And she impress her wron gi upon her Counoil, And theae again upon her Parliament We ara not loved here and would be then perhaps Kot BO well hotoea in our wara with France, AB else we might be-here she comes. The character of Cranmer is finely drawn, an his tragic fate is described with a degree of sim plicity that does not detract from the heroisr which he displayed. Scene : St. Mary's Church Cranmer has bean summoned to profess his adhei ence to the Catholic Faith; Cole, and 1st, 2aê and 3rd Protestants have respectively spoken, COLE Take therefore, all, example by thia man, For if our Holy Queeu ncc pardon him. Much less shalt others In like oauie escape. That all of you, the highest aa the lowest. Blay learn there 1B no power against the ¿ord. There stands a man, once of so high degree, Chief prelate ot our Ohurch, Archbishop, first In Connell, second person in tho realm. Friend for so lone time of a mighty King ; And now ye aee downfallen and debased From councillor to caitiff-fallen so low, The leprous flutterlngs of the byway, scum ' . And offal of the city would not ohonge Estates with him ; in brief, so miserable, Tn ere ia no hope of better left for him. Ko placo for woree. Yat, Cranmer, bo thou glad. ThiB ia the work of God. He ii glorified In thy conversion : lo I thou art reolalm'd ; He brings thee home ; nor fear but that to-day Thou shalt receive the penitent thief's award, And be with Obriac the Lord In Par dise. Remember how God made the fierce fire seem To those three children like a pleasant dew. Remember, too, The triumph of St. Andrew on MB cross. The patience of St Lawrence in the Are. ThuB, if thou call on Qod and all the aainta. God will beat down the fury of the flame, Or give thee saintly strength to undergo. And for thy soul shall masses here be sung By every prioat in Oxford. Pray for him. OBANMER, Ay, one and all, dear brothers, pray for me ; Pray with one breath, one heart, one soul, for me. COLE. And now, lest any one among you doubt The man's conversion and remorse of heart, Yourselves shall hear him speak. Break, Malter Cranmer, Fulfil your promise made me, and proclaim Your true undoubted faith, that all may hear. CBANNEIt. . And that I will. O God, Father of Heaven I O Son of God, Redeemer of the world 1 0 Holy Ghoat I proceeding from them both, Three persons and one Ged, have mercy on me. Most miserable sinner, wretched man. 1 luve offended against heaven and earth More grievously than any tongue can tell. Then whither should I flee for any help? I am ashamed to lift my eyes to heaven, And I can lind no refuge upon earth Bhall I despair then ?-God forbid I O God, For thou art merciful, refusing none That come to thee for succour, unto Thee, Therefore, I come ; humble myself to Theo j Baying, O Lord God, although my Bine be ereat. For thy great meroy have mercy I Oh God the Bon, , Mot for slight faults alone, when thou becameat i Man in the Flesh, was the great mystery wrought ; O God the Father, not for little Bins Didst thou yield up thy son to human death ; But for the greatest sin that can be slnn'd, Yea, even auoh as mine, incalculable, Unpardonable-sin against the light, The trnth ot God, which I had proven and known.' Thy meroy muBt be greater than all sin. Forgive me, Father, for no merit of mine. But that thy name by man be glorified. And Thy moat blessed Bon's, wno died for man. Good people, every man at time of death Woi'Id fain set forth some saying that may live After hie death and better humankind ; For death gives life's last word a pnwer to live. And, like the atme-cut epitaph, remain After the vaniah'd voice, and speak to men. God grant me grace to glorify my God 1 And ttrBt I say it is a grievous case, Many so dote upon this bubble world, Whose colors in a moment break aud Hy, They care for nothing else. What saith Bt. John t . Love of this world ia hatred against God." Again, I pray you oil that, next to God, You do unmurmuringly and willingly Obey your King and Queen, and not for dread Of theBB alone, but from the fear of Him Whose miniatera they bo to govern you. Thirdly, I pray you all to love together Like brethren ; yet what hatred Christian men Bear to eaoh other, seeming not as brethren, But mortal foes I But do you good to all AB much as in you lleth. Hurt no man moro Than you would harm your loving natural brother rrj1 >?5anA?.,'?0t,sarne brei8t- « »ny io. Albeit he think, himself at home with God, Of tbii be Bure, he ia whole worlda away. PROTESTANT murmurs. What sort ef brothers then be those that lust To burn each other. WILLIAMS. Peace among you there. CRANMER. Fourthly, to those that own exceeding wealth, Bemember that Bore saying spouen once By Him that was lUe truth, " how hard It is For the rioh man to.entcr into Heaven ;" Let all rich men remember that hard word. I have not time for more : if ever, now Let them How forth in charity, seeing now Tue poor so many, and all food so dear. I ILong have 1 lain in prison, yet have heard Of all their wretchedness. Give to the poor. Ye give to dod. He is with us in the poor. And now, and forasmuch as I UBve come To the last end of life, and thereupon Hangs all my past, and all my Hie to bo, Either to live with Christ in Heaven with joy, Or be still in pain with devils in hell ; And. seeing in a moment, I siiali find [Pointing upwaras. Heaven or else hell ready to swallow mn. [I'ointing aomiwanls. I shall declare to you my very faith Without all color. COLE. Hear him, my good brethren, CRANMER. I do believe in God, Father of all ; In every article oi the Catholic faith. And every syllable taught us by our Lord. His prophets, and apostles, in the Testaments, Both Old and Kew. COLE. Be pl»iner, Master Cranmer. CRANMER. And now I come to the gre*t cause that weighs Upon my conscience more than any thing Or said or done in all my life by me ; For there be writings I have set abroad Against the truth I knew within my heart. Written for fear of death, to save my life. If that might be ; the papers by my hand Bign'd since my degradation-by this hand iHolding out las right hand. Written and sign'd-I hera renounce them all ; And, since my hand offended, having written Against my heart, my hand shall first be burnt. Bo 1 moy come to the lire. [Dead silence PROTESTANT murmurs. FIRST PROTESTANT. I knew it would be so. SECOND PROTESTANT. Our prayers are heard l THIRD PROTESTANT. dod bless him 1 CATHOLIC murmurs. Out upon him 1 out upon him I Uar I dissembler t traitor I to the five I WILLIAMS (raising his voice.) You know that you recanted all you snid Touching the sacrament in that same book You wrote against my Lord of Winchester : Dissemble not t play the plain Christian man. CRANMER. Alas, my Lord, I have been a man loved plainness all my life : I did dissemble, but the hour has come For utter truth and plainness : wherefore, I say, I hold by all I wrote within that book. Moreover, As for the Popel count him Antichrist, With all Ula devil's doctrines : and refuse, Bejeot him. and obhor him. I have said. [Cries on all sides, " Pull him down I Away with him." COLE. Ay, stop the heretlo'a mouth Hale him away. WILLIAMS. Harm him not, harm him not, have him to the fire. The burning of a live man upon a stage would be an event too fearful for actual representation, and, therefore, the poet adopts the lesB harrow ing method of showing how the Martyr died, by making an eye witness, fresh from the smoke of Cranmer's burning, describe that great man's last moments. This witness, Peters, says : > Yon saw bim how he past among the crowd; And ever as he walk'd the Spanish friars Btill plied him with entreaty and reproach : But Cranmer, as the helmsman at the helm Steers, ever loo King to the happy haven Where he shall restât night, moved to his death; And I could see that many silent hands Came from the crowd ana met his own : and thus, When we had come where Kidley burnt with Latlmer, He, with a cheerful smile, as one whose mind Is all made up, In haste put off the rags They had mook'd his misery with, and all in white, His long, wbite beard, whioh he had never shaven Binoe Henry's death, down-sweeping to the ohain. Wherewith they bound him to the stake, he stood, /Mtire like an ancient father of the Church, Than heretic of these times : and still the friars Plied him, but Cranmer only shook his head. Or anBwer'd them in silent negatives : Whereat Lord William gave a sudden cry : " Make short I make short I" and so they lit the wood. Then Cranmer lifted his left hand to heaven, And thrust hi8 right into the bitter flame ; And orytng, in his deep voice, more than onco, " This hath offended-this unworthy hand !" ' So held it tillie was all bura'd, before The flames had reaoh'd bis body ; I stood near Mark'd him-he never uttered moan of pain ; . He never stlrr'd or writhed, but, like a statue, Unmoving in the greatness of the flame. Gave up tho ghost; and so past martyr-like Martyr I may not call him-past-but whither P PAGET. To purgatory, man, to purgatory. PETERS. May, bat, my Lord, he denied purgatory. PAGET. Why then to heaven, and God ha' meroy on him, HOWARD. Paget, despite his fearful heresies, I loved the man, and needs must moan for him ; O Cranmer 1 PAOET. But your moan is us ¿less now : Come out, my Lord, it is a world of fools. We very much fear that this work will be placed in the Index ex Purgatorious, and that it will be unpopular with one large class of religion ists, and equally popular with another. Setting party views aside, however, it must be admitted that this last production of Tennyson's genius is a work of great power, constructed in accordance with all the three higher canons of dramatic art, but one whioh from its polemical character is scarcely flt to be represented on the stage. The Mary of the drama is essentially the Bloody Mary of Protestant History, and all the subordinate characters are drawn in similar eolours. Whether portraiture of the kind be his torically true or otherwise, we shall not here attempt to determine, but certainly it tends to render the drama effective, to excite interest and stir up passions. We believe that an attempt to place this drama on the stage in some parts of her Majesty's dominions would lead to a theatrical row, and be likely to create a considerable demand for gutta-purcha tissue and sticking plaster, Mr. J. W. Burnett, J.P" and a reporter of the GABTIIE&IAINE; REPRESENTATIVE, have had a personal taoounter in the streets, and Mr. McGregor, of the Cumberland Hotel, -who intered, reoeived a bad blow in tho faoe. An aotion for libel by Mr. Burnett against the REPRESENTATIVE has been commenced already, and the paper now intimates that it will commence proceedings against the J.P. 