LAY RIPBBSKNTATION IN W2SL8YAN METHODISM. The following ii the plan for Annual and Beneral Conferences, as finally settled:— 'Whereas the Wesley an Methodist Confe rences in Australasia have hitherto consisted of ministers only; and whereas it appears to be advisable to alter our constitution so far as to admit lay representatives as members of those courts, this General Conference agrees that our Annual andGeneral Conferences shall be hereafter composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The General Conference, however, in adoping thi3 action distinctly asterta ita maintenance of the New Testament doctrine that the ministry derives ita existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whoaa is eutrusted the duty of taking ' heed to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the Church of God,' devolved the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering the pastoral government of the church. This principle the General Conference regards as essential to the scriptural fulfilment cf the ministerial office, and bo vital to the con stitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our Confe rences it must be held to be sacred and inviol able' ' AKNUAL CJNFEREKOFS. 'I. Constitution.— The Annual «7oaferanc.« shall comprise all the ministers within their respective boundarieF, with an equal number of laymen. 1. The quarterly meeting of each Circuit shall be entitled to elect one lay repre sentative, who shall be elected by ballot at the quarterly meeting preceding the session of the Conference to which it pertains. 2. The Com mittee of each institution of the Connexion to which a minuter is or may be set apart by an Annual Conference shall have the right to elect from among themselves by ballot one lay repre sentative. 3. Should the number of laymen thus provided for be less than the number of ministers pertaining to any Annual Conference, additional laymen shall be elected by the quarterly meeting of the Circuit or Circuits which, according to the returns published by such Conference at its last session, contain the largest number of members. The Presidents of the several Annual Conferences shall give notice to the Circuit or Circuits which may be entitled to elect more than one lay representative. 4. The laymen eligible for election as representatives mest be Church members of four years' con tinuous standing, and at the time of - their election must be members in the Circuit by which they are or may be elected. ' II.— Powers of the Annual Conference.— 1. Each Annual Conference shall have full power, as the English Conference, with regard to the elec tion of its own President and Secretary; the division of districts, or alteration of their boun daries; the appointment of Chairmen of Districts; the exercise of discipline upon its ministerial members and preachers on trial; the making of any of its ministerial members supernume raries; the reception of candidates for the ministry; the appointment of ministers and preachers on trial to the several Circuits; the carrying out all the directions of the General Conference relative to the changes and inter changes of ministers; in the intervals of the General Conference the Annual Conference shall effect Buch exchanges and by negotiation; the receiving and finally deciding upon appeals from the subordinate Courts of the Conference; the direction and control of those fund3 which have been heretofore known as District Funds; all other powers heretofore exercised by the Australasian Conference, except the powers of general legislation hereinafter set forth as per taining to the General Conference; the record ? trending to the General Conferense any measure which may be deemed conducive to the wel fare of the Connexion. 2. In the exercUe of the aforesaid powers by the Annual Con ference?, the ministers alone shall elect the Presidents and Secretaries of their respective Conferences, ond Chairmen of their several Districts ; dispose of all matters comprised in the subjoined questions :— Who are now admitted as ministers into full coumctiou with the Conference ? What preichers remain on trial ? What preachers are now received on trial? What students are to coatinuo to have theological training? What candi dates ate now received for theological training ? Who are now admitted as native ministers? Who remain as native preachers on trial ( Who are received as native preachers on trial ' What ministers become supernumeraries ? Whit super numeraries return to the regular work ? What ministers have died since the last Conference ' Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial ? What persons who were in full connection with the Conference have now ceased to be recognised as ministers among us.' How are our ministers and preachers on trial stationed for the ensuing year?. 3 Determine all appeals affecting the status of our members as provided for in our existing rules. 4\. For the purposes enumerated in section 2, thti ministerial members of the Annual Conference* shall meet alone during the first four days of the sessions of such Conference, and also a. such other times as will not interfere with th-; general business of the Conference. 5. In the election of ministers and laymen as representa tives to the General Conference all the member^ of the General Conferences who are present shall be entitled to vote; the voting to be by ballot. 6. Who may attend, and what num ber shall form a quorum? — The Chairman of the districts ex officio; a representative elected by ballot at the district meeting, and such other ministers as may be appointed by, or obtain the permission of, their district meet ings to attend the Conference; together with the laymen elected as required in section headed Constitution. The number of ministers and lay representatives who may actually ^attend the Conference shall be deemed competent for the transaction of business; but the Conference shall have power, whenever it may be found necesfary or proper, to determine Low many of this number shall constitute a quorum. 7. When and where the Conference shall assemble.— Each Conference shall assemble annually, and shall have power to fix the time and place, and to limit the duration of its sessions. 8. President and Secretary.— The President shall ba a minister of not less than fifteen (15) years' standing, and the Secretary shall be a minister of not less than ten (10) years' standing. The voting in each cose fchall be by ballot. 9. Who may vote for Conference officers.— All ministers in 'full con nection shall be entitled to vote for the President and Secretary. 10. Re-election to Presidency. — Each Annual Conference shall determine for itself the time which shall elapse before a minister ehall be eligible for re-election to the office of President, provided always that no minister shall be eligible for election two succes sive years. 11. Funds of the Australasian Wes leyan Methodist Church.— The funds hitherto known as District Funds shall be under the management of the Annual Conferences. The funds known as Connexional Funds shall be under the direction of the General Conference, and the Presidents of the An''*l Conferences shall see that all the regulations relating to these funds are faithfully carried out by and within the bounds of their respective Con ferences. ' GENERAL CONFERENCE. ' I.— Constitution.— The General Conference shall consist of— 1. The Presidents and Secreta ries of the Annual Conferences for the time being. 2. One General Secretary of Foreign Missions. 3. One General Clerical Treasurer of each of the Connexional Funds. 4. One General Lay Treasurer of the Foreign Mission Society. 5\. One General Lay Treasurer of each Con nexional Fund. All the above shall be members ex officio. 6. Ministerial representative from each Arinnal Conference in the proportion for the present of one minister to every eight (8) minis terial members of such Conference, provided that no Conference Bhall have less than two ministerial representatives in addition to its President and Secretary. 7. Lay representa tives from each Annual Conference, equal to the number of ministerial representatives, including the President; and Secretary. All representa tives, both ministers and laymen, shall be elected by ballot of the Annual Conferences from among their own members. ? 'IL The General Conference shall have no power — 1. To revoke, alter, or change any of our doctrines as at present established, of to establish any new ru!e or doctrine contrary thereto. 2. To revoke the general rules of our societies. 3. To make such change in our discipline as to do away with the itinerancy; of our ministry. 4. To do away with tha privilege of trial and appeal of our members or minut«rs, is *t present existing. 5. To d« away with the I right of the ministers to admit or expel members, subject to such guards and regulatiom as our rules provide. 6. To do a^ay with the right of the ministers to receive and ordain ministers in jut Church, as our rules provide. 'IIL Powers of the General Conference.— Subject to the bef orementioned restristions, and with the proviso that so long as this Connexion remains in affiliation with the English Conference the right of the said English Conference, at its irst annual session after the minutes of the Au3 kiaiasian General Conference have been received, to disallow any law or regulation which, in its judgment, is incompatible with the doctrinal or aLciplinary principles of Methodism, be in no way interfered with, the General Conference shall have power— 1. To elect by ballot, on its assembling, from the members a minister of not less than fifteen years' (standing to preside ovar its proceedings, and in the intervals of the sessions of the General Conference to perform such duties as the General Conference. may direct. Provided, nevertheless, he shall not exercise a general superiutendency, or any powers which are conferred upon other officers of the Church. 2. To divide the Annual Con ferences, or alter their boundaries. 3 To creaoe l new Conferences. 4. To .alter the proportion in which the Annual Conferences shall from time to - time elect representatives to the General Con ference. 5. To make and direct tho Annual Conferences to effect all necessary interchanges of ministers between the Beveral Annual Con ferences. 6. To appoint Committees and officers for the several couuexional funds. 7. To review the proceedings of such Committees, and sanc tion or disallow the same. 8. To arrange the order in which the several Annual Conferences shall make provision for returned missionaries. 9 To direct any Annual Conference to reappoiut to the full work any minister who may have been made a supernumerary since the last Generil Conference. 10. To disallow any of the regulv tionB of the Annual Conference which in its judgment infringes any of our constitutional principles. 11. And generally to legislate for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, - 'IV. What number shall form a quorum? —The General .Conference shall, on the first day of its session, determine the number of the members of such Conference to form a quorum. ' V. General Conference Meeting. — The General Conference shall meet onoe in three jears, and shall have power to fix the date and place of its sessions.' ' ; The following memorial wa3 received by the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist General Con ference, and remitted to the Revs. J. S. Waagh and W. A Quick to frame a reply:— I 'Ballarat,May27,1875. ' 'To the Pretident of the Wesleyan General Conference, Melbourne. 'Honoured Sir — We most respectfully for ward you the enclosed memorial, and sincerely hope you will give it a favourable consideration. The 75 signatures attached are those of such gentlemen as could be easily seen during the latter part of to-day, and include nine local preachers, twenty-three class-leaders and past and present officers. The greatest eagerness to sign is observable on every side; indeed, we are sure eight-tenths of our people here would readily subscribe to the terms of the memorial. — We have the honour to be, honoured Sir, yours obediently, ! ' James Russell, Chairman. ! ' William Little, Secretary.; 'BaUarat, May 27, 1875; 'To the Reverend President and members of the Wesleyan Methodist General Conference of Australasia, assembled in session in Wesley Church, Lonsdale- street, Melbourne. ' Honoured Sir and Brethren— We the under signed, office- bearers, members, and adherents of the Wesleyan Society in BaUarat, respectfully address you on tho subject of lay representation in Conference, and in doing so are wishful to ex press our loyalty and attachment to our Church, and further to assure you that our present action, in protesting again bt the too restrictive character of jour recent legislation, results from a desire te advance the real welfare of the Church, and to promote that cordiality which should exist among all her various agencies. : ' We are deeply impressed with the importance of having the new constitution, which is to be given Wesleyan ftletkodisin in Australasia, at once sufficiently liberal and acceptable to tho Church that further agitation may be prevented, and peace and harmony secured. Conference, while admitting the principle of lay delegation, has so limited its operation a3 will make tho scheme distasteful to the laity, and to a great ex tent inoperative in practice and baneful in result. ' j ' From unofficial information we are led to understand that laymen are to be excluded from Conference while the business, arising out of tho following questions, is transacted, viz. : — ; '1. lhe election of President, Secretaries, and Chairmen of Committees. ' ' 2. The status of members. ;? ' 3. The stationing of ministers. ? ; ' 4. The first thirteen questions of Conference of 1873. ' Also, that the publis Prese is excluded. ? ' We respectfully, but firmly, submit that ministers and lay representatives should have co ordinate powers throughout the entire business of Conference. This we sincerely believe to be both our scriptural and reasonable right. ' ' Further, we contend it i3 very impolitic to exclude the Press ; and thus leave vast numbers of our people, as well as the public, in entire ignorance of the transactions of Conference. ' We would therefore respectfully ask you to favourably entertain our protest, and reconsider the decisions you have arrived at. ''In conclusion, permit us again to assure you of our fidelity to the cause, and our desire to advance the temporal and spiritual interests of our Church, in which many of us have so long laboured, and in which we hope still to work with increased zeal in promoting the extension of Christ'6 Kingdom. — We have the honour to be, honoured Sir and brethren, yours obediently, 4 ' James Russell, Mayor of Bal!arat East. ' James Oddik Alfred Yates rlchabd tbegaskb james lonq J. T. Phillips David Ham William Little John Littls W. T. Dimsey J. S. Kelly Richard Kent Chas. Salter Thomas Taylor Henry Bell Edwin Ctjbtis Thomas Roobrs, ' And 58 other gentlemen.' An Exciting Scene in Parliament. — A stirring scene ha3 been recently enacted in the Lower House of the Pennsylvania Legislature. The 'reformed Constitution' adopted in Pennsylvania in 1873 is not worb'ngas smoothly as could be wished, and the ' various checks' which have been introduced ' to protect the people apainst special and reckless legislation' are not at present completely answering their purpose. The first sessien of the enlarged House has brought together a large number of iner perienced members who elected a Speaker who did not understand his duties. The House appears to have done little or nothing for two monlh?, but to have attempted to concentrate the work of the session into its concluding days. In the first week of March,' when the end of the session was approaching, there was a rush made by membore to get their Bills through. The House had an ''allnighf session, when it conducted its busi ness in the following manner: — Members ciowded round the Clerk's and Speaker's desks yelling and screamlne, the floor was filled with lobbyists, and amid the din and confusion Bills were ' put through.' without any one being aware of what was going on except the few who were interested. In the midst of it a conflict was developed about a ' Boom Bill.' A Lumber Company, which has a boom on the Upper Susquehanna at Williamv port, enjoys a valuable franchise in the fees levied for catching floating logs, which are then made up into rafts. The ' Boom Bill' was a measure for reducing their charges. It was advocated and opposed vehemently and from midnight till morning. Lobbyists detected in plying their vocation were put out of the House. At 3.30 a.m. the wild turmoil in the House was 'stilled by a stroke of Egyptian darkness.' Some body had broken into the vault where the gas meter was located and turned the gas off. ' In the gloom that followed dim figures were Been flitting about, and an effort was made to steal the Bill from the clerk's desk.' Then a report was started that some one wanted to assassinate the 8peaker. But the gas was relighted, the Speaker was discovered to be in bis place, ap prehensions subsided, the din recommenced, and the Boom Bill passed by a two-thirds vote.— Pall Mall Budget. A Novel Pkbfobmakce. — There ha« bee« presented at theTown Hall, Shoraditcu, by special licence from the Lord Chamberlain, and permis sion of the Chief Rabbi, a dramatic rendering of the History of Joseph, in .the Polish tongue, for the first time in London, and it is believed in England. The Bra says:— 'The story oom menced with the hatred of the brothers to the thoughtful dreamer, which was followed by the incidents of his seizure, the removal of the ooat of many colon's, the placing Joseph in a pit, bis sale to the Midianites, and resale to Potiphar. Potiphar having placed him in command of his house, effects, and servants, prohibits his inter ference with his wife. On Potiphar'a wife making overtures to him Potiphar re-enters, and at once orders his arrest, ana Joseph is put in prison with the butler and the baker. The magicians, unable to interpret the royal dream, give place to Joseph, who wins the confidence of Pharaoh, and is promoted to honour and dignity. * The famine, affecting Jacob and his family, brings the brethren to Egypt, the cup is found in Benjamin's sack, and finally Jacob and his sons are presetted by Joseph to Pharaoh, who graciously receives the patriarch, and lauds .- the hero of the tale. There are abmt 36 characters in tho piece, of whom Jacob, Joseph, Potiphar and his wife, and Pharaoh are the principal, Reuben, Benjamin, and the other brothers are little more than a chorus, and the remaining part 3, although necessary to the story, are of minor importance. The osstunies wero peculiarly Polish, and wore said to be quite comet. Jabob wore a tall fur cap, loose paletot without pockets, drab smalls, white stockings, and patent leather shoes. All his sons, except Joseph aud Benjamin, 'woro Polish hats, square topped, blue or orange, with braided cord&r; The elder one3 wore double breasted coats; the others striped tunics— all wearing cross-gartered stockings, like Polish peasants. Potiphar was attired in black frock coatj white waistcoat, black trousers, and hat, earned a .walking-cane, smoked good cigars, and i used wax tapers. The butler, baker, Jacob's / servant, and an interpreter wore the present European costume?. The vocal musio and accom paniments were understood to be adaptations of old Hebrew and Polish melodies. A small but ?efficient band conduoed to the success of the representation, which was announced for four successive evenings.' The German Mercantile Marine.— Accord- ing to an official report the German mercantile marine in 1874 numbered 4,495 vessels, with a collective tonnage of 1,033,725, exclusive of 454 vessels below 17*65 register tons, or 50 German metres. That is in respeot of the number of vessels a diminution upon the returns of 1873, but, in respeot of tonnage, an advance, for. in 1873 there were 4,527 vessels, with a tannage of 999,158. The average tonnage per vessel wag in 1873, 2207 ; in 1874, 229-9. For the last fivo years the tonnage has been steadily on tho increase. In 1871 it amounted to 982,255, or 217*4 tons per vessel (4,519/ vessels). In about ihe same ratio has steam-power increased and sailing power diminished. In ihe Baltic, how ever, the mercantile sailing fleet is still on tha increase, and the shipping in the German Ocean, has had to make up for this by a double growth of steam-power. In 1674, of the 4,495 vessels referred to, 4,242 were sailing vessels, with a tonnage of 866,092, and manned with 83,103 men ; and 253 steamers, of altogether 41,755 horse-power, 167,633 torn, and 8,293 men. The total of men employed in 1874 was 41,396. Of the ,253 steamers, 116 belonged to the Baltic, with a tonnage of only 28.123 and 7.913 horsey power, and 137 vessels of 139,510 tons and 33,837 horse-power to the German Ocean. In the sailing fleet the German Ocean division was likewise numerically in preponderance, consist ing of 2,255 vessels of together 429,737 tons ; that of the Baltic of 1,937 vessels and 436.355 tons. Germany possesses 220 ports and har bours, of which 164 are in the German Ocean and 56 onjthe Baltic coast. ? _________ ~Whtte~Ant Ravages.— Tho following rich story Is told by an Indian paper about the very remarkable rapacity of the white ants: — 'Some years ago General — — arrived at a Bombay mofussil station on his inspection tour. The troops were ordered out for parade, and after the General- had passed down the ranks he stood at some little distance off, surrounded by tho officers, to whom he was expressing his opinion on the condition of the men. Tho men stood at oase for half an hour or so, after which they were ordered to fall out aud pile arm?. While watching their movements tho General ;; iticed somethir^ peculiar iu their walk, and ho c idered them to reform and march post. As rank iter rank went by, the General looked at them ttentively. At length he burst forth, 'Good iloavens, Colonel —— , your men have no bsots on !' Some of them had the remnant of their Muchen clinging to their anclas, but soles and be els there were none. The Colonel explained -at he never allowed the men to Btand still on ? rado for more than a couple of minutes, or -e the white ants, which were particularly venous in that part of tho world, attacked ike boots of the regiment, Half an hour had sufficed for the destruction of the whole of tho i-egimental leather. The General was rathor :- mazed ; he received a wigging from Govern ment for being the indirect cause of the de . traction of so much shoe leather, and a new j.arade ground uninhabited by white ants was iound.' 