COLONIAL TYPES. .. ' , The Bullock Dbiver. ,-???, Gentle reader, did'flt over 'foregather' with a real live bullock driver of tho old school ? one of those bull doge, or ratter ' bull-punchoi's '' of truo British, breed, who possess bo remark- ? able a tenacity of life, that, when their dampnr, tea, and junk havo run out, thoy can still sus tain exhausted naturo on such incongruous trifles as the sardines a I'huile, the beer of Byasa, the rum of Lemon Hart, arid tho potted lobste* from Boston, Mass., U.S.A., all of which, nnd moro, an. only too confiding storekeeper at tho township of Wambnngalnng, some two hundred miles furthor up the country, has been fondly expscting the arrival of, for a good fortnight before. Did'sfc ever camp out wjth a good mendacious bullock driver, and, over fire arid pipe, liston to the playful 'whoppers,' the astonishing yarns, ho can spin you, of the cheques he has ' knocked down,' and the property ho has run. through in his early days ? Did'st ever note his twelve bullocks, or take stock of his tattered1 'Brab1' hat, through which his elf-locks wildly stray, and mark how well it harmonized with his Btriped jersey, his totally unfashionable pants, ajid his marvellously dirty boots and leggings ? Take a Idrili, also, at those two poor, aged, working bullocks covered with whip cuts and scores of brands, for all the world like the side of a ? blacksmith's shed, and just observe their patient intelligent oyes, which almost seem to speak to you, and to toll of all tho cranky young '?' steers ' they have helped to break in during their own long sad Lie time of woo. But u truce to sentiment; our theme is,' with stern reality, and, our muse is of the practical. ' Did'st ever travel with him, gentle reader, and listen tn t.hnsn bland nnd HnnfTiino- fnrmq nf gentle and seductivo endearment which ho addresses to ' Spot' and 'llouso,' to 'Brindlo' and! ' Nobby,' by turns, as thoy near that steep sideling which looms ahead like an impass ablo barrier ? If so, wo advise you quietly to ' stand by ' and hold your bated breath, for our friend and his mates aro going to ' double bank ' and tackle it beforo dinner ; and then, indeed, will bo devoloped.tho tug of war and din, of strife, and it's— oh! for tho pen of Homer' or Ossian to fitly chant tho roar of .battle — for ovor that hill they must go, this day i by jingo ! or ? Now heave the black throats and hirsute chests of our banded hull-punchers, what timo tho thunderous diapason of their .hoarse blas phemy volleys in sublime chorus with the doep toned sullen 'thuds' of thoir resounding whips; nnd, now cursing, now encouraging, now entreating, but ever urging on to mad ness, a chaos of hurtling horns and staring oye balls, of slavering mouths and low-bent necks of brawn ; a chaos, whose sinuouB length ? heralds ' tho groaning, creaking dray, in its almost sentient ' -writhings, as its bright steel tires alternately are embedded in, and eraergo with, a wrench from tho plastic clay of that terrible hill-Bido. Talk of the. 'Alina heights,' indeed ! Pooh! Deeper and ruddier grows the conflict; Blood and demoniac .oaths flow on all sides. Something surely is bound to ? ''bust,' you know, if this sort of thing goes on, ' when (thanli the Fates !), with one grand concerto Jlnale, ono fortissimo crash of seemingly coun&ess; and hopelessly commingled whips, bullocks, yokes, arid chains ; with, one deep, ominous, rolling explosion; one deadly roar of culminating and murderous profanity — the crest is gained, and Badajos is won ! A ringing British cheer now ! Hip! Stay, stay; enthusiastic and sympathetic reader, stay ! ' ' Badajos be adjective well blanked, mate; why no one never heard tell of Buch a -place about these 'ere parts. Why, man-, you must be dreaming, — this is only tho top of 'Jerry's Pindh,' and Mr. Somerville's wool teams have just crflssed the watb'rshe'd bf ? tho Dividing Range, on their way to the seaport of Chapel Town; and, look! there is Boh, tho bullock driver, Bitting calmly by tho road sido, pipe in teeth, antf cutting up a fig of ' backer,' as phlogmatic and unconcerned- as if nothing unusual had occurred during tho last terrible quart d'heure. Nothing unusual ?' ' Then what ? tho dickens was tho meaning of that awful, un mistakeablo row' wo heard just now?' 'That, my dear — oh1, that was sliiiply tho 'bullock-' driver at home:' Bob 'Justa-coaxing, like,' of his bullocks, you know ; that's all.' We once had a bullock driver who had lived in Caflraria as well as here, and was an 'old hand' in all senses of tho word. It was a fine sight to see Bob's Herculean form stripped to tho buff, taking his team ovor a flooded ravino, chest deep in water, from the Snowy Mountains. We once found a case of brandy on the dray had been tamperod with. Wo taxed Bob with tho thofU Bob was indignant, not at being thought a thief, but at being suspected by us of so very ' unworkmanliko a job.' Ho took tho empty bottle in one hand, slapped it with tho other, and said 'Sir, d'ye seo that, 'ero bottle; 'taint got no cork in it and 'taint no ways broken noither; now, when I shukes a bottlo arid drinks the contests, I puts back tho cork in tight and I lenocks a littlo hole in the Bhouldor of the bottle and I puts it back in the caso, and thon when you find it you says, ' Ullow ! why tho jolting of tho dray has broke this ear bottle, doa'r, dear ! what a pity ! , Whereas, look at that bottle, sir (says Boh) tho cork never took itself out, and no workman over did that job ; ono of your (adjective) new chum shepherds (and hero Bob spat with ? unmitigated disgust) must ha' done that busi ness, and I wonder a gent liko you can't seo as much yerself.' Wo wero dumbfoundered. We admitted the force of Bob's roasoning. Egad ! ho was tho most honest, candid, polished, ' roaring old South African and. Australian thief wo ever camo across — a model bullock driver indeed ! ? NIANTIC.'' Revision of the Biule. — Lake; many of our' neighbours, we {Church Sells) should bo sorry to lose the word ' Comforter,' and .wo confess,: that wo should haTdly liko to see tho: word ' Advocate' in its place. But why dash to the,,, conclusion that this chango has been made ; 'or,' if it has boon mado, that it will bo persisted in P. — and, above all, why introduce unreasoning prejudico into a question which, after all, must ? bo a question of truth and accuracy ? Thero is ti great deal in tho principle — utterly disre garded by our latest translators — that the same Greek word should, whoro possiblo, be rendered by the same English word. Lot any. ono see what work the English translators havo made ? of the. 5th chapter of tho Epistlo to th'o Romans, , and many other passages, from neglecting' this rule.' Undoubtedly they havo made rather ploasanter reading of it; but is that a consideration to bo entertained for a Bocond when wo nrq dealing, with the Word of God ; it may turn, out that it is neces sary to translato the word translated ' Com forter' by tho samo word when applied to tho Holy Ghost as whon it is appliod to our blessed Lord. If it is not nocessary, it will not he ? done. If it is necessary, then we must make sacrifices for tho sako of truth and accuracy. But it does not follow that tho -word ' Advo cato' should be employed. If it is, after all, judged to bo tho best word, then it will find its way into tho text, do what wo will. But it is possiblo that tho Anglicised word ' Paraclete' may bo found most usoful in both places. Well, . tho word is not quite so pleasant to us as tho word ' Comfortor,' around which so much oarneBt Christian lovo has gathered; and it would doubtless disturb a great many volumes pi English divinityL.to make tho change; but ..that, after all^. is. a,' very slight and| tem porary loss, and-we muBt'tiear it iix'tho cryiso of truth. 