SHOCKING SUICIDE IN MEL- BOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. The horrible suicide which was committed only a very short time ago by a tailor in Brunswick street, tot chart 15ne Agopfa. tailor in Brenswici ctnt, Ktzror, h" been faBoW--d by one still more terrible fnits cttmanetahcBB. In tte last esse, as in theint, toe wretched ffcftriof seif-dastrnction blew his head to atoms with a" pistol, in a bedroom; but according-. the details of fie shocking offto" in Flinders strwrt. published in th moreingY papers, and which occurred! utboat AaskJUMt evening, in Wowing: hiq.faniss oat, purposely perpefrte« the rash set in tbe sresesce of | m wife, and wh3ei» such s poBtfen £ toeprinkfe herfseewith hfc blood a4 brains. 4n icamest on the wretched suicide's ramwns was held to day byfY«a, ame GalwfT Arm FEnders lane e&st;, jast opposite the boose at which tbe even took place. Tbe evidence Added very tittle to tbe information previon4y made putt i& It appears tba: tbe lionse in Flinders street occupied by Mrs Macki- wilz has been brothel fr tbe last twenty jteara, and one of tbe jurymen remarked that all these brotiitia ought to be exzenniMled. .Or Teal replied that was a matter which did sot come within tie ecc pe of ffce present enquiry- He suggested, hownrcr, that tU- police fbonldbs »ppkecio on the subject, adding ilia: hoiL&es; often fetched higher rents when let to brothel - keepers than could be got from respectable teuan:.-. Tbe principal witness was Alice Mackhritr wLo said:— The deceased was my hosband. I left him a week ago. and came to lire te the hnu?e opposite t is hotel. He called yesterday (Friday) mcrniEe.wLciE I was in bed. He went away and returned at ore o'clock, and asked me for eome money to ecaLfe him to redeem some clothings of his owe, xrhzcl be had pawp&d.; I gave him a sovereign. He raid he would go away up tbe country, and would never see me again. At six in the evenicpr he retimed while I was in tbe bedroom dressisg t.:, go oat He locked the door behind him. I wi- sifting on a portmanteau, and he caste up to me si A .struck me with his fist on the side of my bead. Ee then threw some .silver coin in my face, and said. " Bo vou remember twelve months' ago He pointed to a pie e of my bair in a ring on his finger. I raw a pistol in bis lwnd.and thought he was going to kil>ce. I said, u For God's sake, Johnny, spare me,aDd I wili be goodtoyotL IbeariereportaiKlfeltaepla.btnmyface. I fainted, and on recovery I saw Ins boay on the floor. I raised an alarm, and an old lady, wbo lives nest door, in. Ail I could flay at tbe time waa u he s dead, he's dead" The letter produced U in my late husband's handwriting. He had been vejj unf-.rtu- nate of late, and had lost all his money. For some time we kepi a public house, and after that a coal -yard I separated from him because we could not pay our way. Be pawned his clothes, and we could cot agree. Sometimes he treated me cru- Jly. He was jealous of but I gre him no cause up to the last week. We He nitit>M)famffli9t.«iid before I left liim T tnM? to ret a situation, hut I ceiild not succeed, aa I had no references. I could have got a good place as barmaid at a hotel in Wodonga, but my husband would n<\--t allow me to go there. After bearing further evidence, the jury returned a verdict to the efiert that the ce- oca d shot himself while of unsound mind. Tbe following is the letter referred to by oar cor respondent u 17th Becember, 1675. — I write this in my proper senses, and I intend to kill myself to-day, some war. My wife left me last week, through tue interference of' the following woman acd man. The man the is living with, iu a brothel, named Polly Bora. Johnston, Botrisa Felony, Mrs Lambert, all is Flinders lane, and tbe French w — living next Sar- good and Co., Flinders street. Prostitution is the best most successful carried on under the very noee o: the police, as the detective force is an example Hy bc-st thanks to Mr Croyele. the brewer, of the Eoyal Hint Brewery, for being so kind, after swindling me of money some time ago to pay my wife £3 to sleep with ber last Wednesday night, at the Beiridere hotel, and llr fiennety for trying to do the eame. I don't sign my name; it win be found out soon enough. 1 hare no money, and I -intend to blow my brain6 out over my wife's living ciiks, that she always may remember me is that beaz:i- Xul life she and her companion are leading, and may the curse of God be on her, that £he shall hare the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost ho shall h-int her and drive her to madness and the worst I wish her. 1 g<-t one pound from my wife, and found a man in bed with ber. I p&id; 4s for a piste! in Cleelasds. I returned tbe rest to tier, a ter paying for powder and ahott. I see her at 6 o'clock my wedding day aad my bymal. I wish to be hurried with the lock of hair in my finger. After my body is removed I hope &ome; of your clever detectives or policemen will go tc bed with her and smell my blood. -I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m , to go and see my cursed wife to get some money the fin-t and lat to buy & piftol and return to ber, take her in my arms mid scatter my brains over her cursed carca —Amen. 2s.B- — My wife's name was' Alice Buckley, and you will find from her her brotflerisan old police man living in Dsndeaong, Oakley. Fern Tree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland) at present. I beheve. J. H. IL " Harried 17th Itecember, 1674. " Died by his own hand. 17th do, 1F75. u Order for a grave etone." It is only fair to ray that Mrs Hackzwitz denies the truth of the statement as to Mr Croyele, the brewer. Tbe Age thus describee the weman wko is at the rot of this tragedy : — About twelve months ago, a yi-nng woman same Alice Buckley was rescued from drown ing near Prince's Bridge by the efforts of two men, who saw her imminent danger and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, bet the other succeeded in bringing the girt safely to land. She possessed considerable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain repute, several pereons took aa interest in her, and amongst them the ncfortcnate man who has blown Lis brains out. He appears to have been an industrious and respectable individual, and having made tbe acquaintance of Buckley, be at once proposed marriage to ber. Sbe consented, and the ceremony wae duly performed. With the means they had at command, the married couple took the Empire hotel, at Hotaam. and carried on business there for some time, but nbt with tie satisfactory result that they anticipated. After a lime they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and wiih what they could gave from the wreck iliey took an other hotel named tbe British Lion. This also failed, and about a week age they resigned tbe business and separated the woman going to live in a cottage in Flinders lace, where the tragedy occurred, the de ceased intimating his intention of going up country to look for employment At the time she left hici he was quite aware of her purpose, and undertook not to in trude upon or trouble Ler in her new home." 