THE PROPOSED TEMP: BANCE HALL IN ' BALLARAT. to the edi ; ok of the coch1ek. CIE.— is tt:ere FOCB society in xSgtiarat as a Total Abttiovirce ry P7 tome few years ao I 1 know well tiiere wa». During tut reticence be re In tL? year.- 18'j< . '6r, and TO tbe eociiiiv was in a, 3aost5i:>Gris!tic£ erudition, and was Acinar t great deal of most netful work. In the rears alreadv mec- ttoned the temperanoe body was pretty weli united, and did much in those days to erect a temperance haii that would not only be a ornament to the cilv bnt redunnd to the credited the whole fraternity. Manv efforts were made to collect m.nev with more or less success, and a scm of about (I "am quoting from memciy)_£50u wa.- oblaited as the commencement of a fund wi n which to erect a hall. I h&ve; a faint re collection that in tbe years 1868 or 1859 the above amount was handed over to two of the leading teeto tallers of that period to lodge in one of tur banks on interest ; and if my memory serves me right. I also remember that these two gentlemen reported to a meeting at the end 0(1869 that the manev was depo sited, accordingto instructions, in the fink of Aus tralasia here. Well, on my return to this beautiful City, I really expected to see the Temperance Hall I have locked everywhere, have asked many persons, but no one of this generation know anvtlnng about the ball. And, what is still more" perplexing, i the same profound ignorance is displaved about tbe money. Of course I am satisfied that tbe monev is all safe and sound in the bank, and that the amount has increased by this time (say) at all events to £700; but it is eo hard to find out the smallest particle of infor mation about money matters that I am fairly be wildered. Old temperance friends direct me to people in Market square, Armstrong street, < renvffie street. Clarendon Street, and many other addresses are given ; but the more enquiry I make tbe more mjsterions dees the whole matter become. A friend tofiav recom mended me to enquire at the bank. Never bong in a bank in my life, I shuddered at the verrtfanugbt of tbe thing. 1 told my friend I would sooner ask the editor of The. Courier, or even write to Mr Punch : and mav I enquire if yon do Mr Editor know anything of tins money? I should dearly like before leaving Ballarat to have my curiosity satisfied. I went last Fridav evening along with 'a friend to a Good Template' meeting, and seeing a few of the old faces I diligent enquiry, bnt every body, the ladies especially, held np their hands in amazement, and looked as if the ghosts of Lbe rapidlv increasing £500 was hovering anmndns! What does all this mean? Can any of to mroy temperance men and women throw a ray of light on tins historical teetotal rem? Youre lovinilv. Akkib Jake Bvrmmutr. 