, OLD MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT. [All the Year Round.] Bearing carefully in mind the privileges of Parliament, I am yet tempted by recent events to evoke from the shadows of the past the ghosts of those quaint and singular, if, often, Drays and accomplished men, who have from time to time, contributed, by their peculiarities, to the astonishment or amusement of the House of Commons and of the nation at large. Many figures, which loom large and godlike through the mist of history, reveal a host of very human oddities when looked at through the spectacles kindly transmitted to us by their contemporaries. The great Pitt, in his latter days, wears a curiously histrionic aspect ; Pitts the Second, " renowned for mining Great Britain gratis," >, appears as " the boy ;" Lord Bath as " the thoughtless politician who allowed him- I' self to be kicked up into the Lords;" and, u; the courtly Chesterfield as a rash youth indulg-, >.} sing in a stump oration. At one period the . deliberations of the Commons were pervaded by <. . the fumes of tobacco, at another they were illu- i . mined by the inspiration of wine. In the days of Lord North, honourable members went down, to the house in court suits, orders and ribands blue and rod. To-day a steady overcoat and a shocking bad hat may veil the majestic propor- tions of a cabinet minister. The duty of keeping orators, young and old, within the proper bounds of good behaviour, . has not infrequently proved a difficult task 23 One of the tremendous bolts launched by the *? Speaker against an unruly member is the threat that he will name him. Arthur Onslow used to fulminate in the deepest baritone, " Order, sir ; I will name you presently : order, order, I will name you." On one occasion an inquisitive rebel, using the privilege of a'' very young member, asked him what would actually be the consequence, if the Speaker should name him. The Speaker, after a grave pause, replied in a spirit of solemn fun, " The Lord in Heaven only knows." Mr. Fidler, that member for Southampton, found out to his cost'' what was the consequence of being " named." Entering the House in a very " after dinner " state, this humorous gentleman, in a stage whisper, compared the Speaker in his wig to an owl in an ivy bush. Some say that he called upon him for a song. The unhappy Fuller was at once "named," and handed over to the sergeant. The next day the Speaker, Charles J (, Abbott, administered a severe and dignified re- buke to the culprit. \- Few more eccentric members over sat in the House of Commons than that Mr. Asgill, who t in 1707, underwent the doom of expulsion!! l" This Asgill was a lawyer of sharp practice and unenviable notoriety, and was patronised in early life by Dr. Barebones, a famous projector of the period, who built the Now Square of Lincoln's Inn. In Barebones's will Asgill was nominated his executor and residuary legatee, upon express condition that he would pay none of the testator's debts. The excellent executor;.,,] proved thoroughly equal to the trust reposed in him. Summoning the creditors together in '" Lincoln's Inn Hall, he there, with proper gravity, read aloud to them the will, concluding," "You have heard, gentlemen, the deceased's testament ; I will religiously fulfil the wishes of the dead." In those days of imprison- ment for debt and easy arrest, his power; might have proved unequal to his honesty , inclination had not all difficulties been provided for. Dr. Barebones had secured the borough of Bnvmber by purchasing the whole street and as Asgill became the owner of the town on his death, he had canvassed with success the votes of the electors, and thus secured s . sanctuary which no sheriff's officer would dare to violate. Asgill sat and voted for several sessions and when the commissioners repaired to Ireland, in 1099, to resume the grants of forfeited estates, he went over to practise as a conveyancer, and made an ample fortune. Now, however, he committed the prime error of his life. He wrote a book. This luckless volume was entitled a " Treatise on the Possibility of avoiding Death," wherein he advanced a theory that Christians might be, as he styles it, " translated " ulta eternal life without undergoing the preliminary penalty of death. This performance soon got him into trouble. Having bought a life estate of three thousand pounds a year for a small consideration, he had gained a seat in the Irish House of Commons, but was expelled at the end of four days, on account of his book. " If his work were from above," he said" " it would kindle like a firebrand, and set the whole world in arms against death. If men' and women will read the study of a, seven years' recluse, they will find it not the most unpleasant hour that over they spent in their lives. For this I know that nothing is more pleasant to us than news, and what I have said was never said by man before." Turned out of the Irish Parliament he returned to England, and sat for Bramber without objection. In an interval of'. Parliament, in 1707, being taken in execution. at the suit of a creditor, he was committed to the Fleet. When the House, not, he petitioned for his discharge, and was delivered by the sergeant with his mace. But between his apprehension and discharge the renown of his unlucky book had reached London, and complaint was made of it to the House. Asgill who was on admirable writer, defended himself vigorously, but was, nevertheless, expelled, and; was just lucky enough to escape by stratagem from the officers who lay in wait at the very door of the House. For the remaining 30 years of his life he was hunted from one prison to another, and ultimately died at the age of 80, after writing many pamphlets in such idiomatic English as to induce Coleridge to pronounce him and Defoe the two best writers of our language Not long after the expulsion of Asgill front the House, is far better follow and immeasurably superior writer underwent the same fate. The author of the " Conscious Lovers," and the "Tatler," the luxurious husband of his " dearest Prue," was, felt no personal demerit, but simply by the force of party hatred, removed from the House of Commons. Sir Richard Steele was a provoking opponent in politics. His keen sense of ridicule and his satirical power exasperated Swift and other leading Tories. On his return as member for Stockbridge-a result mainly due to his papers in the Guardian ho produced the " Crisis, and a motion was immediately made to expel him " for having maliciously insinuated that the Protestant succession in the House of ' Hanover was in danger under Her Majesty's Administration." From the first day of the new Parliament it had been evident that his political opponents would spare no effort to crush him. Havloy, Bolingbroke, and Swift, the party of reaction wore for the time being in the majority, and poor Steele was received with a hiss of scorn on his first appearance in the House In fact, the ability and covers sarcasm of Steele's attacks had roused the rage of the Tories to the highest pitch. A passage like the following was certainly calculated to irritate the Jacobite cabal :-" Those noisy men," wrote Steele, who embarrass the nation in every question with calling out the Church, are but like the weathercock and clappers of the steeple the sober and laborious and peaceable Church- men are its real support and pillars. I wish that his Electoral Highness of Hanover would be so grateful as to signify to all the world the perfect good understanding he has with the Court of England, in as plain terms as Her Majesty was pleased to declare she had with that house on her part." The friends of Steele rallied to his support with all the strength they could muster. Robert Walpole and General Stanhope took their place on either side of him as he waited at the bar, and Addison officiated as prompter. Steele spoke for nearly three hours with such temper, eloquence, and unconcern, as gave entire satisfaction to his friends, who fought hard for Ililli. Walpole showed himself equal to the occasion, and the speech of Lord Finch created a, sensation. This young nobleman, afterwards a famous speaker, owed gratitude to Steele for having repelled in the Guardian a libel on his sister, and rose to defend her defender. In this, his maiden speech, the young orator was overcome by bashfulness and after stammering through a few sentence!, sat down, crying out, " It is strange I cannot speak for this man, though I could readily fight for him" Hermit, such volleys of cheers rang through the House that the young lord took heart, rose again, and made the first of a long; series of telling and able speeches. But nothing; could save Steele, who was expelled by a majority of nearly a hundred in a House of four hundred members. _ TUR PUIU'LK LIGHT or LOVE His arm had and" around her waist, and her fair young head rested lightly on his bosom. The moon shone softly down upon them as he painted a bright picture of a happy future when she should become his beautiful bride. He paused at last in the fervent outpourings of his hopes, and the deep melody of his tones was echoed by the silvery sweetness of her flute-like voice, wish murmured, softly ; " Yes, love, you and then, boys we'll have buckwheat cakes sold sausages for break fast every blessed morning ; sent wv deaf" 