KOVEL VOYAGE ON THB THAMES. rEVom t.hft Tinthi Woino ( Captain Boyton, the young American, whose wonderful life-preserving dress we recently described as being successfully exhibited in the Serpentine, astonished some thousands of per sons on Saturday, February 6, by flaating from Wappiag to Vauxball in his * aterproof suit. It may be safely said that never before was old Father Thames so defied and set at naught by mortal : its de»tha liad no ten-am to the man who fearlessly committed himself to them, and its yellow tide no power to resist his advance or check his progress. The speotacle of a person calmly lying at ease, aad buoyant as a sea bird, upon the surface of the river, or, by way of change, standing armpit-deep in it, with many fathoms be neath, his feet, and moving hither and thither at will, naturally attracted the attention of all the sailors on board the s'uip?, and all the spectators on the bridges, and to these Captain Boyton gave, ia addition to a novel entertain ment, a valuable lesson in life preservation. By a most simple contrivance seagoing people may now take a new lease of life. The stars and stripes flattering at the feet of the floater, en Satnrday, called attention to the true nature of the long, black object that kept the centre of the silent high troy, while the perfect suc cess of the experiment must have put new ideas into many pondering minds as to what is possible where hitherto impossibilities only have been admitted. Captain Boyton started with a flood, tide from Wrapping Old Stairs— not the modern broad flight of steps used by these latter-day wherries, but the narrow old-fashioned blocks of stona which still remain to show where the jr-lly young waterman of the past was wont to take the fine city ladies on board. AU the begrimed lighters moored thereabouts ware crowded with workmen, just arrived from the yards and ehoj-sonthe other side, and the bargees and watermen, young and old, looked on open mouthed at the gentleman who, encasing himself in au armour of indiarubber, walked into aiid along the river without touching the bottom; who could not sink lower than his breast had he tried ever so hard to do it ; and who by the aid of a light double-bladed canoe paddle set off on his journey, followed by a fleet of boats, and loudly cheerd by the amazed and delighted spectators. Blowing his foghorn, or whistle, using his axe, smoking bis cigar, and waving his banner, his voyage was quite a triumphal water progress, and the voyageur seemed to take a special delight in threading his way amongst ah pping and boats, and taking the arches where the current was most dange rous; Once or twice he purposely allowed Mm self to foul a barge or the buttress of a bridge, in one instance shoo. ing like an arrow under the stern, and between two boats towing be hind. Easy it was to see that, clad iu one of these suits, a man may venture where a boat could never go, and perform services of the h ghost advantage to hnmanity. It would be too much, doubtless, to expect that every emigrant and sailor should .at pre sent possess such a splendid life-preserver, or that, possessing it, destruction would be in variably averted. The most dreaded cause of mischief in times of disaster at sea is now, as it has ever been, panic, and there is unfortu nately no possible invention that will guarantee us against that. Boy ton's life-preserving dress may be donned in two minutes by a cool hand, aud by any one, so simple is the contrivance ; but the essence of success is that it shall be thoroughly fastened and inflated. At. first the wearer of the dress is oppressed with a sense of suffocation, but . this soon wears off, and there is no danger from cold or wet so long as the suit is intact. . By the use of rockets n I sigu?.l lights Captain Bayton, as he travailed along by Westminster, now flaating, and now in the upri&h; ' ha'f submerged position which la the only alternative, showed how lines might be conveyed to ships in distress. On the whole, the uses of Captain Boyton's dress are practically boundless, and the voyage from Wrapping on Saturday to Lambeth, performed with ease and ia spite of stoppages under an hour and a half, told to thousands of spectators a story of cheering hope ia the future for all who go down to the sea in ships, and do busi ness iu mighty waters. 