THE THEATRE ROYAL. Kb. Faibclouch as Hamlet. On Monday night the little house in Hindley street was opened for a Shaksperian season by that favourite legitimate actor Mr. Boothroyd Pairclough. Considerine that there was a power ful counter-attraction in the last concert of Mdlle. de Murska, and also the serenade by the Liedertafel, which brought a large concourse of people together, the attendance at the Theatre was a very gratifyiEg one. All parts were fairly represented, asd two at least well filled. The grand mediaeval tragedy, so old and yet so ever new and fresh from the close fidelity with which the master mind of the author has depicted humanity in all its varying moods and impulses, must ever appeal powerfully to the sympathies, at least, of Knglish-speaking nations whilst the language in which it is written exists. It eays much in confutation of tho popular and oft-repeated cry that the drama has irrevoc ably degenerated when so large a number of people, not alone of the higher but of all grades of culture, still retain their love of the legitimate drama as is proved by the manner in which they support it when properly placed before them. That such an opportunity now presents itself we need scarcely inform playgoers who enjoyed the privilege of hearing Mr. Fairclough and Mrs. Steele during their former Eeason in this city. The enthusiastic reception which these two talented artists met with last evening on their first entrance must have been exceedingly gratifying, evincing as it did that their admira ble acting of last year was neither forgotten nor unappreciated, and also the high estimation in which they are held by the Adelaide public. As the Queen came down to the front the ap plauBe was loud and general, but when Hamlet d'eo appeared tho action of the play was stayed for eeveral minutes by tho continued plaudits of the whole house. Of Mr. Fairclough's impersonation of the Danish Prince we lave already expressed a very decided i pinion, and it is impossible to add much to what we have before said of a perfor mance which all unprejudiced minds must agree id regarding as a most masterly and artistic one,, and second to none which has been given in the colonies. Though by no means at his best on Monday, for which there is ample excuse in the fact that it was a first night and the majority of the performers were entirely new to the business of their parts, Mr. Fairclough gave those present a taste of his powers with which few could fail to be delighted, and whioh as the well-knawn points were reached one after another evoked hearty and general tokens of approval. The excellent feature in connection with this gentleman's impersonation which nothing can alter is that his personal appearance is so greatly in favour of one supposed to represent 'the glass of fashion and the mould of form.' Mr. Fairclough looki every inch a prince, hi3 every movement is full of natural grace and dignity, giving evidence of careful study. This u particularly noticeable in the fencing scene. All know what the usual stage combat is like, but in this instance it is a clever fencing bout, in which one combatant at least is a finished master of the art. When the ideas of Shakspeare are presented even by an ordinary player the attentive student will oiten have light thrown upon some hitherto obscure portions, but wben such an artist as Mr. Fairclough renders the text one can seldom fail to fitd a new revelation in|oiany a passage, with the meaning of which he has deemed himtelf familiar. Then as to Mrs. Steele's Gertrude. Tcere be queens and queens, but it is seldom the privilege of any audience, least of all a colonial one, to see such a grand personification of regal dignity and such realistic and impressive acting as Mrs. Steele presents. It is always a 31 eat pleasure to hear her crisp, carefully modulated voice, but never more so than when fie is enunciating the classical English of Br gland's greatest poet. Miss Andrews ho doubt surprised, and she certainly ploasad all who witnessed her most commendable essay of a very difficult role. Considering that this was her first appearance as the fair Ophelia, and that see could not have had much time to perfect herself in the business at all events, great praise is due to her {( r a well-concoived and painstaking delineation of the character of the unfortunate maiden, the victim of hard fortune. Mr. West gave us au effective representation of the treacherous king when he last appeared in the part, and has improved on his former effort in a marked manner. Ho also delivered tha long monologue for the ghost. That conscientious actor Mr. Harry Power had an up-hill task in his representation of the high-bred young courtier, Laertes, but acquitted bimsel ffairly, though palpably unsuited to the character. Mr. William Andrews on the other hand was in his element as the first gravedigger, and was well sup perted by bis brother, Mr. A. Andrews, as tbe second ' good man delvar.' The latter also took the part of Rosencrantz. Mr. Gerald Dillon was moderately successful as Horatio, and the remaining dramatis persona were creditably sustained. All the performers merit special praise for being, as ta too seldom the case, almost letter perfect in their text. ' Hamlet' w01 be repeated this evening, when doubtless there will be a large attendance. 