EARTHQUAKES IN NEW ZEALAND. We clip the following from the Courier's New Zee land'Ietter, dated February 1: There have been shooke of earthquakes felt at Christ church and in two or three of the southern provinces ; hut, like the decline in the year of our gold-fields, there has been a considerable falline off in the number and quality of earthquakes of late years in this colony. They are nothing like what they used to be in the coad old times of my earlier days. Then an earth quake was something to be thought of and talked about. Were you ever under the influence of an esrthquake P-not a slight one, you know, where there is only the sensation of a alight tremour of the earth tinder your feet, followed atintervals of a few minutes by other tremours, each succeeding one lighter and less pronounced than that which preceded it. Idon't consider that sort of earthquake as worthy of more than a paragraplh in the local columns of a newspaper. But were you ever aroused from your eleep in a dead hour of the night to e perience what I shall here at tempt to describe :-'" acre comes upon the ear a con fused rumbling from a distance. Then you hear the sounds as of a hundred empty drays, with horses at tached, in full gallop, coming along a metalled road. On they come full tear, the speed iucreasing and the sounds more and more distinct until the whole 1 hundred drays, with their affrighted galloping horses, suddenly bring tp with a crush before your house. Every joist and support creaks and groans. The building oscillates violently. Things fall from shelves and walls of every room. You have jumped from your bed, your wife clinging to you, pale-ase seen by the night lamp-as a ghost. In a few seconds your door is buret open, and screaming children and sor vants rush in in their bed-dresses, soreamine in fright of an unknown horror. You succeed in quieting the children and restoring confidence to the women, and you sit around on the bed and on chairs ; for you feel there is more alarm, if notdanger, in sto~ for all. In half-an-hour there is another shock, but less violent than the first. In an hour the third comes, but with decreased force. Then throughout the night there are many slight vibrations, and the earthquake is at rest. That, Mr. Brisbane Courier, is a real genuine earth quake, if you please. I have felt the like, and I have felt how email, how very insignificant, how utterly beyond all help, we are under such a visitation. At 2 o'elock on the morning of Monday, the 16th Oetober, in the year 1848, an earthquake struck the town of Wellington in the North Island, and almost in the twinkling of an eye, or the sound of a trump, left it in ruins. The first shock threw down the brick and stone work of many buildings. Much property was damaged or destroyed, and many men, women, and children were buried in the dsbris, and were only extricated by the most extraordinary efforts. During the whole of that Monday shocks and tremblings of the earth were from time to time experienced. The general alarm cannot be described-probably cannot be imagined-by those who have never been so placed. On Tuesday, about 4 o'clock a.m., another smart shock was felt, and again at 8 a.m. Lighter ones con tinued at intervals during the day. until at twenty minutes to 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when a sudden and mach more violent shock took place. What buildings had been loft standing were now thrown to the grodnd. The native hospital, the gaol, and tbh remainderof thelargcstores were completelydestroyed. Barrick-sergeant Loeell and two of his children were buried in some ruins. Upon being extricated, one of the children was found dead, and the other so seriously injured that it died a few hours afterwards. The ser geant was very much injured, but ultimately recovered. On the morning of Thursday, the 19th, at ten minutes past 5, a most violent and awful shock took place. The earth rocked to and fro in a fearful manner. The screams of women were terrible, and added to the horror and consternation of the horrible sur. roundings; men rushed to the hills, followed by women carrying children; but the general belief was that none would be saved. All this time there were heavy downpours of rain which made the situation still more terrible. The cold wees erry severe. During four entire days and nights terror and dismay reigned supreme. The energies of all were completely para lysed. There followed three days moreof slight shocks, but the dread was that these were but the precursors of more serious ones. The ofw ships remaining in port were crowded from hold to cabin, from cabin to deck, and from deck to the tops with men, women, and.children. In the midst of all these horrors the 20th October was observed asa solemn fast day, which was observed with deepest reverence and humility. Truly the hand of the Almighty, to save or destroy in His infinite wisdom, was acknowledged on this occasion. Lientenant-Governor Eyre caused every ship in harbour to be detained until the earthquake had subsided some days. All she specie in the Colonial chest was put on board of Her Majesty's ship Fly, which was in port at the time. The frequent earth quakes which are so native to certain districts of the colony are, it is said, duo to the action of waters, and not, as has been generally supposed, to the forces of subterranean fires. 