$\\\t Jni[ittrej[. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1875. That political inertia reigns Bnpreme in tbis colony at the present time, is a fact which cannot be rationally dis puted. Either the people were worn out by the excitement of a few months back, when the qpestion of constitu tional change was fought with vigor and determination, or they have ceased from ebeer disgust to interest themselves about the progress of political affairs. Perhaps they believe that no amonnt of exertion on their part wonld suffice to produce a radical and wholesome amendment. In no other way is it possible to account for the listless apathy with which the approaching session of the Legislators is regarded, and it is a. solution of the problem which does not redound creditably to the party of progress. Tbe question of constitutional reform is one that mast prominently ocenpy the attention of onr legislators at tbe ensuing session; but what probability is there that a genial feeling will pervade the Council when encb a measure comes before them for consideration ? Tbe opponents of a change from the existing form of Government to that of ministerial responsibility will plead the indifference and listless apathy which has prevailed during the recess as proof that no reform of tbe kind is demanded, that no change is desired, or, at any rate, cared ior. And no person will be able to wrandly blame them for expressing this conviction. Nothing could be more fatal to re form than that the conservative party in the Honse — it has no representa tive in the Press — should dednce from the apathy and listlessness now prevailing that die people are well content with the existing hybrid constitution, and ask for no change. It is, of course, not a true deduction to make as to tbe state of pnblic opinion. Bat we can hardly blame the ob structive party for using this prevailing political inertia and fcopiueness to strengthen their non-reforming position, or for making the best &s;« of the materials it famishes them with for this purpose. There are yet some few weeks lelfc, however, for the progressionists to do something to show that tbe desire for reform is as strong and preponderating as ever. If, then, they are wise in their day and generation, they will avail them pelves of tbe short space of time intervening between tliis and the assembling of tbe Council to make their power acknowledged. What is wanted is persistent organisation and constant agitation, and there can be very little donbt but that victory will then be achieved. Unless they rouse themselves from tbeir present lethargy, they mast stand confessed of being careless as to the adoption of tbeir own views, or, as a party, too dis organised to bring pressure to bear to carry those views into fraifcion. Tbe absence of overt excitement is, of coarse, not alwaye a proof of political apathy. Bnt the downright inertia which prevail] at tbe present time over the constitutional question shows a lamentable destitution of pnblic spirit, as well as a manifestation of in diSerentism $p tbe future welfare and progress of the colony, which merits the severest reprehension. It is bat die enunciation of a truism to assert that a progressive community shows in itself vigorous political thought and action, just as a retro grading people may easily be detected by the absence of political vitality and spirit. The 6pirit or restlessness of the former pervades all minds. tt assumes a form which may the more aptly be described as catching or epidemic. It is the motive power or spring to deep political thought and earnest political conviction. Nor is it by any means confined to tbe region of politics itself. It is manifested in the socialf and commercial system, and secures progression in everydepartment On the other hand, political inertness or indolence points to a deterioration of energy in a commnmty, and also to a waste of time and opportunity which most tell prejudicially upon the advancement of the 'connfay. We be gin to fear that these fatally degenera titg influences are at work in this colony, and a persistent effort should be pnt forth to abate the growing evil. It is onr duty tc fight, — vulgarly and figuratively speaking, — tooth and nail against an idiosyucracy which is de moralising as as a people, and which mast inevitably prove fatal to onr social and political .well-being. The regatta season is approaching, and, if we are to hare an aqnatic tournament, it is about time that the regatta committee should be np and doing. A programme committee should be at once appointed, con sisting of persons who will exert themselves to place a liberal project before the public Before this can be done, however, it wonld be necessary to know the extent of the funds that will be at their disposal, and it behoves someone, thoroughly earnest in the matter, to open a subscription list at once. In tbe meantime we wonld urge upon onr young men, and upon all who take an iuterest in the healthy and invigorating pastimes of yachting and boating, to tmt tbeir shoulders to the wheel, so that, if we are to have a regatta at all, we shall not, in onr preparations for the day be behind hand in the race with Old Time. The members of our Amateur Rowing Clnbs bave already donned their joannels, am with the advance of (he season we hope to see still more active steps made in tbis direction. Let ouryacbtsmen and rowing-men bnt onite to carry ont the regatta project, and it only needs ' a long pull, a strong pall, aud a pull together ' to render the aquatic fete a thorough success. Considered as a healthy and in vigorating pastime, rowing is iu every degree deserving of regard and encouragement. By those whose sedentary occupations render srach exercise a necessity to bodily health, the leisure hours spent in its practice and enjoyment must be both anticipated and remembered as a pleasant relief. Of course it is quite possible to push athletic training too £ar. As men are composed of body aud mind, it is neces sary to atteud to tbe traiuiug of both. He who wonld have the metis sana in corpure sano, most atteud alike to the m/i.ts and to the corpits. But the excellence of the general result will depend npou the proportionate at tention bestowed on each. As to tbe ordeal technically known as training, it is good news and worth commnm catiug that some of the most successful crews who bave engaged in recent important aquatic contests, in the Mother Couutry and in the neigh- j^ boring colonies, dispensed with pro fessional training altogether, aud sought to bring themselves into fine condition by following the ordinary rules of healthy living— plenty of good food, plenty of fresh air, a fair amonut of exercise, aud, above all, abundance of sleep. The greatest athlete of the age, Captain Babcuy, has pnt on record now be obtained the finest condition of his life, just before one of his most prodigious feats. He had spent some months in the Scotch Highlands, grouse shooting aud deer stalking ; to bed with the disappear ance of tbe sou, and np as soon as the ' glorious god of day ' bad warmed the mountain, and doing a sportsman's justice to the simple meals placed, before him. Such a life gave Bahclat his finest condition. Oar yoaug men who follow his bints will not, wbeu Regatta Day arrives, come to the post as white as ghosts, nor at the end of the pull will they faint over their oars. Those of our readers wbo read the case of Mayltew v. Hart, fully reported iu our last issue, must have been struck with tbe ntter futility of the legal oath as a means of securing troth. Of all offenders agaiust society, uot ex cepting the mnrderer, the false witness is the greatest. Precautions may be taken against a conspirator armed with poignard, sword, or pistol, who seeks to take oue's life, but no iioman effort is capable of parrying tbe iu sidions attacks of tbe peijarer. A murderer may not necessarily be wholly devoid of principle, and steeled agaiust tbe iuflneuces of human sym pathies. Passion, or sadden provoca tion, may operate so as to produce a homicide, and, when the causes cease to influence, the better nature of man may regain its ascendancy. Bat this is uot the case with tbe perjurer. The bearer of false witness takes tbe Sacred Volume iu his nnboly band, imprints upon it the kiss of Jndas, calls npon the Divine Author to deal frith faim as be deals with His troth, and then consciously invites perdition to his soul by swearing falsely. There can be no sense of moral life in sneb a roan — no room for a redeeming spirit to re-enter. How much more deliberate perjury must be committed before the jrnblio mind is so quickened npon the whole question 01 the legal oath as to lead to its abolishment ? We are sore that no thonglitful Christian would admit (hat any formula gone through in a court of jostica can deepen the sin of false witness. It may be alleged that the mass of people do believe that (here is a special wickedness in that tongue telling a falsehood' -which has just licked the cover of a Bible. The reply to this is the question — are not oar courts of justice degraded when they trade apon this superstition ? The ' working of the oath system is to be seen before onr eyes, and it is for its advocates to say if they consider it satisfactory. The fact that they are not on oath induces men to lie freely ont of the witness box, and a man who lies oat of tbe witness box is not the man to tell the troth when he gets in it. Some Eubterfage or another will commend itself to his sallied son). ? Hence the painfal spectacle so fre quently witnessed in onr law courts — than which there could hardly he a more blaspbemons example than that afforded in the case above alluded to — of wholesale perjury on one side or the other. The day may not be far distant wbeu we Bhall have witnesses -merely reqnired to make a declaration that they know the punishment that awaits prevarication and fraud, and, what is of the first importance, shall see every effort made to enforce those penalties. We may hope for more troth under that common-sense regime, and cer tainly there will be a great deal less of useless impiety. While stagnation reigns supreme in the political world, the agricultural season is progressing. Warm dayB and bright sunshine are ushering in a genial spring, and we learn that tbe crops in all bat the most unfavorable situations are growing as well as can be expected. Complaints there are, and evidences exist to show that they are not altogether ill- founded or puerile. Stall, taking tbe country as a whole, we believe the farmers have reason to congratulate themselves on the fact that the agricultural industry is making some advance. Ab the season progresses the indications of the coming harvest begin to assume a more definite form. Of course, in the meantime everything depends npon the weather. The land has been tilled, the seed sown, and tbe result is still in abeyance. Bat, so far, the crops bave a very promising appearance in most places. Wherever ordinary precautions against failures have been adopted, and the soil and the sitoatioa are of such a nature as to warrant the ex pectation of productiveness, the hopes of our farmers are being realised. Two or three weeks ago the inclemency of the weather made an unfavorable impression on some paddocks, and the crops seemed to have received a check. It is gratifying, however, to learn that the favorable influences of the past few days have induced a change for the better. As the days grow longer they are becoming warmer, and the young crops are making in many instances splendid headway. So tar, good. 