THE SKELETON OF 'DER FREISCHUTZ.' A singular story is that of the skeleton which was used in Der Freischutz' up to the hour when the old Paris Opera-house was destroyed. Long years; ago, when Berlioz was a medical student, he went out evening to the opera with a fellow-stu- dent, afterward the celebrated Dr. D ——. While they were listening with delight to the exquisite strains of Agatha's prayer, a grocer's boy near them began to hiss. with all his might. Berlioz and his friend took possession of the irreverent youth, thrashed him soundly, and put out of the door. Some years passed. Berlioz had given himself up,to the study of music, his friend had been installed physician and the grocer died in in hospital. By chance the poor fellow's corpse was brought for dissection to Dr. D—— who recognised at once his ancient adversary. After his anatomical investigations were ended, he caused the skeleton to be prepared and mounted, and placed it on his office as a memento of the Latin Quarter. Fifteen more years passed away, and Berlioz was charged by the director of the opera with the task of writing recitatives for 'Der Freischutz" it was also agreed upon that Berlioz should superintend the whole stage set- ting of the work. He was anxious that the phan- tom of the second act should he worthy of the opera and produce a striking effect, He was seek- ing, therefore, some new and original idea, when chance caused him to meet his old friend D—— to whom he confided his anxieties. ' You want ghosts?' asked the doctor. 'I think I have at home something in this style. Do you remember a hisser whom we thrashed when we were students?' 'Perfectly. I always thought that fellow would come to no good end. 'Well, he died of gastric fever years ago. But I have his skeleton, which is very much at your service, Berlioz accepted this almost too original offer. The poor skeleton was transported to the opera- house, and thus, for his sins, he who had hissed Agatha's song made his debut on the stage in 'Der Freischutz.' Thus ends the story. 