THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER FUI1LISHKD DAILY. pkoobk-ssios, own uiohts, and OUK itEsooncES. SANDHURST, 3fOXD.l Y, DEC. 20. 1875. ENGLAND'S 1SASTE11N POLICY. PUBLIC attention is at present being strongly directed to apparently impending changes of a flairs in Turkey and the East. Russia occupies tlie position in Europe at the pre sent time which France occupied' at the end of the seventeenth and beginning of the eighteenth centuries. That dark power of the north is (he principal source of anxiety and jealousy in the minds of British statesmen. Her designs on Turkey since the beginning of the present century have been notorious and undisguised. Step by step the Muscovite has been creeping from the frozen regions of the north towards the Mediterranean Sea and the Indian Ocean. His movements have long caused apprehensions in Europe, and nowhere more than in Great Britain. He seems determined to lind some outlet into the oceans of the temperate zone, and there seems every probability that some day the plan of Peter tho Great will be fully con summated. A few years ago the opinions of the British public on this subject were far different to uhat thej' are now. It is ques tionable whether at the present time the House of Commons or the nation would be in favor r.f another Crimean war. A feel ing is gaining ground, and year by year it is groiviug stronger that the doom of Turkey is sealed, and that her partition is inevitable, and there seems to be manv grave reasons for forecasting such an event. It would be absurd to compare the partition of Turkey to that of Poland, in the middle of the last century. That is the foulest political crime which stains the history of modern Europe. In that case a vigorous nation was deliberately hacked limb from limb, quartered and divided among the de- spoilers. But the circumstances are far ditierent in the case of Turkey. Here we see a heterogeneous collection of elements of all races and languages and religions, with out one motive to unity. Apart from external interference, the huge Turkish Empire seems to be in the very hour and article of dissolution. The various members of this paralj-tic body are in arms against one another, urged 011 to rebellion by some of the most potent considerations which sway the human heart. The Empire is divided against itself, and the inference is that it must fall. In the splendid victories of civilization and Christianity Turkey lias taken no part, and in the field of Euro pean politics she is and has been nowhere being the sole national representative of a I past lime and a destroyed system. Her dis- J niuinberment has been long delayed, not by any inherent vitality among her rotten bones, but solely by tho checkmating policy oi the great powers, each being jealous of the ascendancy of the other. Two centuries ago the Christian emperors endeavored to destroy Turkey, their object being to enjov the glory of a " Te Daum " in the mosque of St. Sophia, but they were prevented by hranco, tvho assisted the Turks. Ever since then the existence of Turkey has depended on the mutual jealousies of other nations. But the time must come when the catas trophe can be 110 longer postponed, and when the "sick man" must yield up the ghost, when the liarem and the seraglio will bo for ever closed, and when tho last of the caliphs will be swept away. In protracting the existence of Turkey, J ngland has 110 positive or direct interest. The Turk never has doneanything for civiliza tion, and never will do anything for it. To the tel/ibhiiess and cupidity of his enemies, and nothing el.so, is due his miserable existence. Turkey is the plague spot on the map of the world, and is not worthy of the expenditure of English blood and English millions. ; Such Considerations as these have been g-raT dually operating upon the minds of English men, and have produced a change in the policy of 185:;. Til ere is no longer a deep and wide-spread enthusiasm on behalf of Tuikiy, but a general indifference to her fate. The profound feeling of resentment once entertained against Russia has been calmed by the moderated tone and more cautious negotiations of the Court of St. Petersburg. Under theso circumstances the j nation seem? to have mapped out a irow j Eastern policy to guide our diplomatic action J of the future. It seems to be conceded by the majority of public writers at' home tliat sooner or later Turkey must be partitioned among the powers of Europe, and the only duty which Great Britain has to attend to is to secure an amicable settlement in winding up this vast empire, and to provido ample securities and bulwarks in the neutrality and independence of Persia and Afghanistan, in order to guard our Indian possessions from the stealthy /Zeaigns of Jinssia. For these purposes Egypt is the .only Jjop.e pf England, and already the first step has be,en taken. A few days ago Hauler telegraphed to .Aus tralia the startling intelligence, that tho Eng lish Government had purchased from tho ! Khedive of Egypt the whole of his interest | in the Suez canal, amounting to 177,000 out : of _|'00,000 shares, for the sum of £4,000,000 : c;ish 4own. Another item of news was that j tho Govcnji^nt intended to send a commis ! sion to Egypt to ermine tho accounts of I the Khedive, and assist a;)d n/Ivise him in his iinancial embarrassment. . This infarma : tion is of vital importance, as it shows the intention of the Imperial Government to atsiii^.j tho protectorate of Egypt, from which tremor-jus results would flow. All the journals are said tij have applauded the action of the -Ministry, hud it has caused much agitation in iinancial and political .circles. The French press, though regret ting the cheek jj'jvuu to French influence in Egypt, has expressed its admiration of the decisive action of England^ au4 consider that ii w»il not lead to complications, whil.3 the German and Austrian press also a'jp.ro.yo of England's action ii> tlys jnatter. This is without doubt a splendid stroke of policy 0x1 ths part of the Government, It is the most brilliant feat of diplomacy sijuse thp purchase of Aden-the famous insular for tress which is now* in the possession of England as the key to tho gales of . the Red Sea. It is, in fact but a continuation of the same farseeing schome of establishing a safe high-road to our Indian and Australian possessions, and also to extend the British dominions, with a view to counterbalance the extraordinary acquisitions of Russia. Egypt is still a fine country. Its resources are as vast and inex haustible as in the time of the Pharoahs. The Nile still, bears down its annual deluge of rich sediment and soil. The circumstances are still favorable for extensive and pros perous industrial operations, lint industry will never flourish until the country is placed under a more beneficial political system, and a better social organization. It wants the colonizing vigor of the Anglo-Saxon r.-.ee to infuse the breath of life into the dormant elements of that land of grand historic memories. There are, therefore, both ample scope and favorable conditions for thedovelop ment and consummation of tho new scheme of Eastern policy. It must make the blood in tho veins of her people flow with a prouder freedom to find that England is not yet a cypher in the world; and that the zeal and ability of her statesmen is still equal to the iutrigues of other nations. In the market of Empires she will always be able to out-bid and out-buy the claims of conflicting countries, and the vaior of her sons will not fail her in the great game of battles. GOLD, CALLS, AND DIVIDENDS.-A very ex cellent- return of gold lias been obtained for the past week from the mines to about 5,300 ozs. In dividends £7,500 have been declared against £1,575 calls made during the week, leaving a balance of £5,;i25 in favor ot dividends. THE BISHOP'S-PALACE BAZAAR.-Ou Satur day afternoon and evening the great centre of attraction, the bazaar in the Camp Reserve, was again largely patronised, and yielded most ex cellent results, the sum of-£115 having been , taken. The bazaar will be opened agaiu this evening. GOODS SHEBS HOLIDAYS.-It is notified in another columu that ou the 25 th and 27 th iu stant, and 1st proximo, the goods sheds at the different stations on the Victorian railways will be closed, and also that no goods trains will run. POLITICAL.-Our Melbourne correspondent writes:-The powers of Parliament are of a character so vaguely extensive that constitu tional writers have always found it difficult to assign any kind of limit to them. It has even been asserted that if lion, members of the House of Commons in their corporate wisdom (or folly) should think lit to order an offender against their privileges to be hanged at their own bar by their own sergeant-at-arms, they might carry the sentence into effect with per fect impunity. As this, however, is a proceed ing which, in the very nature of things, is morally impossible, it is useless to stop to inquire whether such an unlimited power is really inherent in this august body. One tiling, however, is certain, and that is that so far as the regulations of their own internal proceedings are concerned the powers not only of the Imperial House of Commons, but also of those colonial bodies which possess equal privileges, are practically unlimited. When, therefore, it is asserted-as it has been within the last few days-that a majority of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria cannot, if they think fit, suspend the standing orders of the House, the merest tyro in constitutional science will see at once that the state ment is altogether erroneous. No one ; wiio pays any attention to the Parliamentary proceedings, as reported in our o.vn newspapers, can tail to notice that the suspension of stand ing orders is, in fact, a tiling of frequent occurrence, especially in connection with private bills. The question, therefore, in regard to the proposed "stonewall" resistance by means of which it is expected to burke the "Ministerial scheme of finance, and enforce a dissolution, is not whether a majority can or cannot suspend the standing orders, but whether by means of the forms of the llonso the "stonewall" mem bers can or cannot prevent the carrying of a motion for such suspension. CITY POLICE COUHT.-Mr. Cogdon, P.M., sat ou the Bench on Saturday, when a boy named -Michael Fitzgerald was brought up under war rant from Maldon on a charge of arson, com mitted at Sandhurst on the 16th ult. It was explained that there were good grounds for be lieving that the prisoner was implicated! n the late fire at Wainwright's Tribute, and a warrant had accordingly been taken out against him. De tective Alexander applied for a remand till Thursday next, which the Bench granted. Temporary licences to sell liquors in the Camp lleseire at the St Andrew's Festival were granted to John Crowe, Charles Crawford, and George Martin. IIALLAS'S CITY BAND will perform a choice selectiou of operatic and dance music in the Reserve this evening, commencing at seven o'clock sharp. MELTINGS THIS DAY.-Victoria Queen, \Yeddell's, 2; Cemetery Reserve, Weddell's, 2.30; Golden Gate, Fletcher, 10.30; South Whip, Moore's, 5; A MI'I-T CI:ICICKT MATCH.-Tho proposition made by the committee of the Bendigo United Cricket Club that a cricket match should be played for the benefit of the funds of the hos pital and asylum-sides to be chosen from the committees of the two institutiou, and the City and Kaglehawk councils-has been agreed to by all ^ the bodies named. From the unanimity which has prevailed with regard to the match, which should prove-a highly amusing one, there cannot be the least doubt "that-it will prove ad vantageous to the two institutions; the bankin" accounts of each of which have large balances on the wrong side of the ledger. A charge is to be made for admission, the club grouting the use of the ground and providing all necessary materials free of charge. AMALGAMATED-MISERS' ASSOCIATION.-The monthly meeting of the Sandhurst branch of the above was held at the Beehive Exchange on Saturday eveuing. Mr. K. Clark in tha chair. A letter was read from the secretary of the amalgamated society, drawing attention to the action of the Government in allowing a portion of the prospecting vote to lapse. The secretary was instructed to write to the Minister of Mines, drawing.his attention to the injustice tlmt would be inflicted on the mining community by any such action; and al?o that he should draw the attention of the local members to the same sub ject. The balance-slicet for the last half year was then read and adopted. The Chairman stated that a deputation from the mining ex change had waited on 1iim for the purpose of asking the assistance of the Miners' Association to enable them to suspend business at half-past six o'clock. The following motion on the sub ject was carried unanimously-" That this asso ciation heartily co-operate with the brokers of' the mining exchange to prevent business being transacted after half-past six o'clock p.m., and also pledges itself to use its inllueuce with the miners generally to bring about this desirable object." After passing tile accounts the meet ing closed. Futii.-Yesterday morning after three o'clock the slumbers of the citizens were disturbed by the sounds of the firebell, and soon the fire bri gades were on their way to the scene of the fire, which threw up a great blaze of light. The house proved to be a four-roomed weather board dwelling in Lucan-street, at the rear of Thunder's brewery, belonging to Mrs. Toohey. By the time the City Biig.de, who were the first to have the water in play, began to pour a stream from their nozzle the lire was spent, the house being totally consumed. Mrs. Toohey and her daughter were tlie only persons sleeping 011 the premises, and with the assistance of some neighbors they succeeded in saving a bed and bedding, a few boxes, and articles of furniture. The cause of the fire appears to be iuvolved in mystery. Mrs. Toohey states that she was sewing, and feeling tired lay down 01 the bed, leaving a candle binning 011 a box beside her. She was awakened by cries of " Fire," and getting up rushed out, her room being in flames. The daughter, who slept in another jr-om, was also roused, land from her state ment it would appear thai she first noticed the lire bjazing in another part of the house away from her mother's room. It is insured iii the London and Lancashire Insurance Company for i: I (JO. A number of Ihe police were early on the ground, but so rapid was the work of des truction that they were unable to render much assistance. A slab outhouse at the rear of the dwelling was saved from catching fire, through the flames being kept under on that side with buckctfuls of water, a plentiful supply of which was fortunately in the tanks. DONATIONS.-The treasurer (Mr. J. Stewart) of the Uendigo Hospital acknowledges, with thanks, roesipt of the following donations in aid of the funds of the institution;-Gunbower sta tion employes, per Mr. I). Veitch, £4 I'Js. fid.; surplus proceeds of dinner to Mr. l'asoos, Echuca, per Mr. D. W. Forbes, £3; Mr. Allen Keeve, £1. VALUAULE MINING PIIOPEUTV. - Messrs. Mann afld Son, in conjunction with Mr. C. C. White, who will a.ct as auctioneer, will sell by public auction, at the Victoria Hotel, at twelve o'clock to-day, a 26th share in the Frederick the Great mine, Scbastiau, the property of the late Mr. J. Tinkler. Some freehold property in the same estate will also be submitted for purchase. '£ha JZaglefiawlt Leader says--We understand jtbat legal proceedjuys are to be instituted agaiiis't Mr. J. Wild., manger of the' l)uch'ess of Kdin Jjjjrgli .Company, vj.uder the 8 tli section 'of tlie Accidents' Statute, £qr iiqt fyavitjg tl^e dfjyjes iij the above company properjy tin^epe^, tjiefeby causjug tli£ (JefjtJ} of Williaqj Pltrwart},. 