SPORT IN ENGLAND. m (HY OUR OWN CORKESl'OKDENT.) Friday, June 11, wound up one of the most brilliant Ascot meetings ever held, and it is doubtful whether better sport and better company ever united to render the Royal reunion a more complete success. It was somewhat singular that the crack light-weight, Archer, who has already won double as aiany races as any other jockey, failed to score a win until the closing day, when he carried off the Twenty-second Trientiial on Ladylove from a soli tary and despised opponent. The Alexandra Plato of 1000 sovereigns, for four-year-olds and upwards, three miles, was the great event ; and, as Doncaster was none the worse for his vietorv in the Cun on the nrevious dav. he reDre sented Mr. Merry instead of- Marie Stuart, though * the latter was unpena'lized, whereas the Derby winner had no less than 9 fit. 11 lbs., a hunting weight, to carry. How ever, 6 to 2 was laid on him : Lily Agnes, last year's Northumberland Plate winner, being second in demand at 6 to 1, whilst 16 to 1 was accepted about Scamp and Lilian. Organist, Feu d' Amour, ' and Figaro It. were the other runners. Lily Agnes made the running for the first two and a half miles, when. Scamp went to the fore, but half-way up the straight 'Webb gave Doncaster his head, and, coming away at every stride, he won hard held by a length, with Feu a Amour 'twice that distance in rear of Scamp. The three milefi were run in 5 mm. 34 eecs. Mr. Merry, who, despite his recent victories, meditates re tiring from the turf, sold Doncaster to his trainer, Mr. Peck, for 10,000 guineas, and Peck has since disposed of him to the Duke of Westminster for no less than 14,009 guineas, the largest sum ever given for a horse. It may well be questioned whether the Duke has much of a bargain, for Blair Athol. when his stock were winning good races, only fetched- 12,000 guineas : but Doncaster is a grand horse both as regards' looks and performances, and he is one of the best of the scions of the immortal Stockwell. It is said that he has not yet run his last race, and he may be brought out for the Doncaster Cup, and also attempt a second Cup victory at Goodwood. Mr. Meny ha,s since sold Marie Stuart 'for 4200 guineas. Thorn won the Ascot Plate by a head from a moderate field, and an easy victory for Kaiser in the Queen's Plate closed the proceedings. As usual, Windsor followed Ascot, but there was a marked conti-as* m the- sport. The beautiful Bella can tered away with tile two-year-old Royal Stakes, but the leading event of the opening day was the Eton Handicap, which Whitebait, second in the Ascot Hunt Cup, won for the second successive year by three-quarters of a length from last year's Deiby favourite, Glcnahuond, who, as usual, declined to try when it came to a finish. The field for the Windsor Handicap, 1 mile -3 furlongs, on the second day, dwindled down to three runners, of whom Scamp was a strong favourite, 9 to 4 being laid oft him. But his Ascot races had had their effect, and Simon, last year's winner, secured an easy victory by three lengths, with the cowardly Glenaimond third and last. The Royal Cup brought out'a pair only, and Fraulein, 5 years, 8 st. 6 lbs., beat Restless, (i years, 8 i*. 5 lbs., in a canter by four lengths. Hampton * Races — the 'appy 'Ampton of the London counter-jumper — clo«3d the week ; but, beyond a goed finish for the Surrey and Middlesex Stakes, m' which Archer jujt lifted Bull's* Eye. 4 years, 7 st. 5 lbs., home a head in front of Caramel, aged, 8 st. 7 lbs., the sport docs hot call for comment here. Stockbridg-e monopolized the following week in the South. It was an aristocratic gathering, as it always is ; the Prince of Wales was the guest of Lord Aylesford at The Laurels, «nd 4Jie»upper fen showed up in force ; but tlie Bibury Club patrons have had better meetings, andlprocedings all through somewhat lacked life, though the sport wan not wanting in excitoment. All true lovera of the Turf rejoice (hat the days of the Plungers are past; we want no W00 sovereign sweepstakes any nioi-e, but .still we cannot forget die days whemtho .beautiful Lady Elizabeth, Lepuie, and Athena wore tbeheroini'sof Doaiiingtou.orH.amiltv.mStiik.-s, and Danebury was in the Lwght of its glory with . th.*-. '?t-carkt and 'white hoop-.' the 5di-li'-d racing wkm--.-*. Tht' Champagne Stakes was* the puw dfi r«j,utt,i»,:e (t* -HiPj Bibury Club day, and the meetiiifr of Lord Lofi^dnle's King Death (4 lbs. extra) and Mr.. Chaplin's R-*-d_prtrsS 'Knigiit- was made the medium of i-meh Bpemlntion. th^Jurmer lieiijg half a point the better favourite. Mr. Chaplin's eulf looked all over a winner to the cord?, but. shutting.iij) most unmistakably at the half distance, lie sufCeifid an ensy defeat by a lwig-fli and a half. The .Seventeenth SWck-. bridge Biennial resulted* in a similarly easy victory 1W the unbaclced Father Claret, in thf; primro?e*a*dd:roi»e.hT-ops*or Lord Kosebery; Lord Dupplin's K.aleid.ffscope', -who- j-ju moi-e kindlythan usual.' bearing Zee by ahoad for *wud honours. The two-year-old Danebury Plate, on flip open ing day of Stoekbridge proper, brought put fourteen runners, but they were not a very grand- lot to 3ook at. Goator and 'Constable, however, made a fine finish of it, Mr. Chaplin's Margarita only winning in the last stride by' a short head from Lord Rosebery's Vordant *Greoir: ??? .I-he Stockoridge Cup over the T. Y.C.'wa* -the-rawof the day, however; but Tangible, Slumber, and' Ivan, alone -S-wfed oppose the dreaded Lowlander, who followed in Prinio Charlie's stops, and cantered home the winner by a dozen lengths. A projected match between bun and Galopiri wis ngjiin mooted ; but, as Prince Batthyany declined to match the Derby winner except over the last mile' of th.o Cambridg'eshire course, Galopin to receive ''a 'stone for the two years, nothing came of it. The closing day brought a series of disasters to backers. Margarita upset Kaleido scope and some other fancied ones in* the Troy Stakes, which she won on the post by a head from Retrospect ; but worse was to come, for in tlie rich Hurstbourne Stakes the Ascot winner, Coltnessl .King Death. Levant, and Julius Ca-sar all succumbed to- the outsider, a bay filly of Mr. Eflyner's by Julius, out of Polly Peaehum, on whom Caiinon won a superb race from King Death by .t head. This complicates two-year-old form not a little. The ' talent,' too, were nearly getting a final facer in the mile and a half Sixteenth Biennial, for Earl of Dartrey, on whom 8 to i was' laid, only just wore down Town Crier in the very last stride. She summer meeting at Newcnstle-on-Tyne absorbed at tention the following week, and fortunately a heavy down pour of rain made the going good and stifled the dust, which is usually most unpleasant. Louise of Lome carried off tlie Trial' Stakes, and Meriturus M;bn the North Derby cleverly from Perkin Warbeck : but there was no event of special' interest except the Northumberland Plate — 'run, as usual, on the second day. Bain had fallen again ; but we can have too much of a good thing, and the course was quite a sea of mud — in fapt, the Town Moor presented an aspect much resembling that of the Rhoodee at Chester when Our Mary Ann and Glenlivat won their respactive Cups. Happy' was he who took the hint of former experi ences. The p'rophetB had passed over Harriet Laws* as un worthy of mention ; and as she is a reclaimed leather fiappei1, and has run most indifforently' this season, this was uot to be wondered at, and she was at 50 to 1 a few days before the race. F--ve and Daniel being rep'o»ted 'real good things.' However, she knew the course and rejoiced in the heavy going, and finally won in » canter, proving herself a good stayer like her sire. The Northumberland Plate of 500 sovereijnifl. added to a handicap sweepstakes of 2.*- sovereigns, 10 forfeit ; two miles. ' . Mr. T. Holmes'* lir 1 Harriet Laws, bj- Lecturer— Rosa'ty, 3 years, 5 st 7 lbs (Morgan) .*. ... ... ..'.* 1 J. Chapman's Ovrton, 4 years, 7'st (I*1. Archer) ... ... 2 Lord Bosebery's Veye, 5 years. 7 st 8 lbs (Constable) ... 3 Chivalrous, Jesuit, Agglethorpe, Daniel, Mars, Sweet Violet, Marshal Saxe, Piercy, and Stamfordhatu also ran. Betting: 5 to 2 against Chivalrous, 5 to each.l against Daniel, Fcve, and Agglethorpe, 9 to 4 against Owton, 16 to 1 against Harriet Laws. Harriet Laws jumped away with the lead, and^made the running at a smart pace, Agglethorpe lying well up for some distance, but Chivalrous apparently not liking the mud. Owton headed Mr. Holmes's filly on entering the straight, but he would not make an effort afterwards, and, going on, 'she won in a canter by three lengths, with Feve third on sufferance only. Owton improved on this form the following day, when he won the Newcastle Handicap from Marshal Sax*e and a field of nine*. Thorn * won the Stewards' Cup, and Lily Agnes the Queen's Plate. Sandown Park Summer Meet ing was not particularly favoured by the weather; indeed, as yet we have had no summer at all: The attendance was affected in consequence, though the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Queen of the Netherlands, and the Duke and Duchess of Teck were present on the closing day. The sport was decidedly below what it should have been, and, if Sandown Park is to be a suburban Goodwood, its pro moters must materially improve both their course and their programme. It is a* good steeplechase course, but a very poor flat-racing one; the turns are awkward, and the con sequence is that the events are almost, without exception, confined to five and six furlong spurts. The opening day wit nessed the defeat of the flying two-year-old, Coronella, who has been slightly amiss since Ascot, by Rosalitta, a King of Diamonds fill}', to whom she was c*onceduig_4 lbs., But this was not her true foi-m. The Prince of Wales gave a handsome cup for gentlemen riders on the second day, and with Messrs. Bevill, Crawshaw, and Coventry and Lords Melgund, Maidstone, and Aylessford in the saddle there was a good deal of excitement amongst the ladies on the lawn. Lord Melgund, however, who rode the Marquis of Huntley's The Ghost, won easily, and received the cup from the hands of the Princess of Wales. The meeting o f Thuiingian Prince and Tangible in the Gold Cup, on the second day, was thought likely to be productive of a goad finish, but Tangible was cannoned against by an outsider, and the half-brother to Prince Charlie won iu tke coui ? monest of canters. The special features of head-quarters are never so much enjoyed as during the July week, and beneath the cool shade of the plantation the meeting ' behind the ditch ' is always a pleasant summer picnic. The Prince of Wales knows this well, and again patronized New market this week as last year. The July Stakes for two-year- olds, a subscription of 50 sovereigns each, 30 forfeit, over the new T. Y. C, is the great event, and a finer finish for this rich stake has never been witnessed. ? Fordham's K one run,' however, gamed the day for Lord Rosebery's Levant, a filly by Adventurer, out of Repulse, and it *was remarked that ''the best horseman in the world ' could have won on any of the first four. He got home a head in advance of Lord Falmouth's colt by Parmesan out of Lady Coventry, who was also a head in advance of Camelia and Gilestone*, who ran a dead heat for third place. Value of the stakes, £1540. Levant is en gaged in the Oaks and St. Leger of 1876. Lowlander, with 10 st. in the saddle, won the Cheveley Stakes from Quiver and Ecossais, and Prince Arthur's 'victory in the first Welter Handicap drew attention to Lord Fahuouth's St. Leger horses. Fordham, who only rides at the great meet ings now, continued his winning career throughout the week, carrying off the rich Exeter Stakas, for two-year- olde, on the second day, with Count de Lagrange's filly, Allumette, -whose stable companion, Camelia, finished second ; as also the Midsummer Stakes with Tortine. and a Selling Stakes with Prophete. The Chesterfield Stakes of 50 sovereigns each, for two-year-olds, was won by Lord Falmouth's Skylark, the winner of the Gladiateur Stakes on the opening day. He is yet very backward, and so promises to prove a good three-year-old. Lord Ailesbury's Hellenist was second, and the favourite. Mr. T. W. Morgan's Gilestone, third. A great match has at last been made between Galopin and Lowlander. who are to meet the day after the Ccsarewitch, the five-year-old to carry 9 at. and die Derby winner 8 st. 2 lb., over the Rowley Mile, for £1600. The Wentmore yearlings, disposed of on 'Thursday, averaged no less than 570 guineas apiece, and good judges said thfey were worth the money. Mr. Naylor gave 'M.50 guineas, for Sidonia. a colt by* King Tom out of May Bloom, and Mr. Gretton 1800 guineas for Polydorus, a colt by Parmesan out of Hermione — paying prices these ! As usual, there was a good deal of blood-stock sold during the week, the Dewhurst yearlings amongst other lots. TL«*e realized fair prices: Peck, tike. Merry's trainor, giving 1400 guineas Cor Stockvell II., a, chestnut oolt by Kijjg of (he Forest, and Lord Uosebery 800 guineas for « hair.brotb.er to Levant. Captain Ray sold abme of bis . Glod'ah'ur yearling!*, two nljiea fetching 480 and 42(1 guineas, and also purchased Gladiateur himself for #100 guint-as ; but he seems a failure at the stud- ' 1 be great yearling sales of the southern stud farms hav« lx.-cii bfld, find the * twribly'higb'-brod ' youngsters ha. v/j ft'idied qtnio as- high price* 'as they deserved. I do not wish S«i-.!epref:iat(; Ine quality of the stock, but, to depraciit« p:i.i)!*n!iji'4 bids. Her Majpsly's Kolf- at the Hampton Court r.ii'idock.s. where iue bonny Prinoe Charlie is now «tanclin-;*, . -*'j,--nfd rue ball very inaufapieiously, for' tho small string \nvip by no mi 'tins ui- iu the mark either in quality or titec... ? ?'2id.touj«-;- h'Ai In'1-1* in cijUH^Quenco. Reform is sadly nwdod bore. .A -.'ol' l-y . Hi. Albaus -or. Kuowsley outif 1! isuiln- a ieiihed the highest fip^ire, 400 guineas, and, was - -old to Oajit-^u IMurheil, whu also bought an inforior . looking' brother to Julius O:--.-;».r fur U00 guineas. Tbejtotal of tho 14 loii- *wn- ouly 1S10 fininrns, and the average thus stood at lyO giuueas ;n round nu;nberB. 'A very different n-.--i:ll was obtained by the Stud .Company the following Satuitlny,. at Cnblumi, when there was a capital attendance of racing jtnsh, and bidding was brisk for really excellent Mork. -HeieliS yea rlingrs .realized 14 ,8S5 guineas, giving; the gi-and avenge of ;-!U guineas, which recalls memories of tlip palmy days of Middle Part. A colt. 'by Bhur Athol out of Ciiiion, 1800 guineas (Mr. T. Brown) ; a colt by Maca roni out of 'Margery Daw. 1700 guineas (Mr. Geranl) ? ,h colt by, IJlair Athol out of Coimbr.t, brother to Claremont, KK-ond in tlie. Derby, ifiOO guineas (Captain MacheU) ; and a colt by iJlair Ath'oi out of Fairyland, 1100 guineas (Mr. Porter), were the cracks of the day, and the directors ami shareholders of the company may well be congratulated. , The following Saturday saw Mr. Blcnkiron's annual sole at Elthaui,' but it wo? father haid upon hiiu thdt'ftie -$'tud Company should have run away with the h»di-iph»l Middle Park day, the Saturday after Ascot. Mr. T.'Biown gave 1500 guineas for the geni of the stile, a beautiful filly by Vespasian out of Seclusion (Hermit's dam), but ftio youngsters sold very cheap; the fifty vnly fetCD-ing. llfiWi guiiiciis, or an average of 2i?0 guinea'-'. There were repmy unrgaiiiK in thot aftnvnoou's sale, . ' ' , ANGLIC ANUS., London, July 1-. ? . . ' .' 