CLARENCE PLAINS RACES. SECOND DAY. The unpromising appearance of the weather in the early morning of yesterday lad so depressing an effect on the pica- sure seekers of Hobart Town, that the contribution of the city to the spectators on the ground was of the most unappre- ciable character, and the gathering being entirely of a local character, will account for its being of a more meagre nature than might have been anticipated. The rain which fell in the form of a Scotch mist during the first part of the day served to put tho turf of the favourite course in prime condition, and did not interfere with the racing, as it hold up at the "turn of the day," us was anticipated by those who had consulted the barometer, the indica tions of which were favourable in spite of the lowering sky which discouraged the faint-hearted, and continued during the day to net as a shield from the scorching rays of the sun to those who returned across the Derwent to witness the com- pletion of the liberal programme which the committee had provided. The first event of the day ivas the - . iiauicap iiuam.r hack. Of 20 sovs. Abaut two miles, over eight leaps. Mr G. Joseph's blk h Blackthorn, 4 yrs 10st......................................(T. Rumney) 1, Mr Win, Taylor's h g Touohit, 9st 7 lb ............................................(C. Poole) 2 Mr W. Rumney's b h Talleyrand, aged 10st.....................................(W. Rumney) 3 Mr K. G. Maum's bg Messenger, 8st ............................................(J. Chaut) 0 Blackthorn went off with the lead, fol lowed by Messenger and Touchit, up to the first jump, Talleyrand bringing up the rear, and, contrary to his usual custom, re- fusing to rise to the impediment. Going back and correcting his manners, he cleared the hurdle and made tracks for the ruck, widen was in a state of disorder at the second leap, where Messenger threw Chant, and Touchit passed on as if he did not consider it as included in the pro- gramme. Blackthorn, through not being impeded by these stoppages, had by this time, gained half the length of the course, and nfterwnrds had the affair in his own hands, although Touchit put an a struggle towards the end which brought him nearly within distance, and which led to the be- lief that if he had made a better start he would have been in a different position at the end. Tnileyrnnd was a had third. The betting, as posted by J, Sherrard, an enterprising turf agent, who had an es- tnlilisnmoiit on the ground, was even on Talleyrand nnd the same on Blackthorn, the field not being taken into considera tion, an arrangement which Touchit was near upon sharing the folly, of It was, in fact, reported that a challenge had hem givou for him to run the winner over the same ground andjumps for £50, if agree able, at a inter hour in the day. fa rut Kits' ronsK. Of — sovs. AVoight for ago. One mile heats. 2 yrs a feather ; 3 yrs 8 st; 4'yrs9st; 5 yrs 0 st 0 lbs ; G yrs and agod 10 st. Mares and gohlings allowed 3 lbs. Entrance, £1 10s. Mr W. llumnoy's ha h Talloyrand, aged........................................(Chant) 1—1 Mr O. G. Eiuly's Albion, 4 yrs, by Lord Erin........................................(Motton) 2—0 Mr. G. Peridot's g in Miss Oakwood, ngud........................................(Jones) 0—2 Mr U. Calvort's h g Nimbicfoot, 5 yrs ........................................(J. Quested) 3—3 Air J. W. Graves' g g Karl, 4 yrs ..........................................(T. Walton) 0—0 The belting was Talleyrand against the field, witli few takers. The first was a false start, Albion having the lead, nnd the boy not being able to pull him up un til he was half way round. At the next attempt Talleyrand was off at tho lend, being closely pressed by the Burl, the other grey following a few lengths behind, and „ gaining when about half way round. J ust before coming to the straight running- Albion- shot through to the second place, the heat finishing with Talleyrand first, Albion second, and Nimbicfoot third. Mr. Eady gave public expression to his opinion that the second Btart was not a fair one, and drew Albion out. The Earl was likewise scratched. The three horses started in the second beat went away, to gether, Talleyrand slightly lending, Miss Oakwood and Nimbicfoot being close tip during the first halfway round. In the return portion of the journey Nimbicfoot dropped nstern,lmt tlio grey marc gallantly , accepted | tbo i race which Talleyrand's ; rider teemed inolined' to allow to he- made ot an otherwise toregone conclusion.-' The horse was bard held all round, -mid the experiment nearly proved a daugerous one, as the grey mare wus only second at the end by something between a ncek and a length. .... consolation handicap, Of- — sovs., for horses that have run,' but' not won, at .tlio present. mooting. Ji Post entry, 1 sov. , To bo handicapped by tho stewards, or whom thoy. may appoint. Once round tbo courso. . Albion, 9st.................................(H. Jones) 1 Little Noll, 7st .............................(A. Taylor) 2 Messenger, Gat 7 lb..................... (Motton) 3 Sir Roger, 8st..................................(Chant) 0 A good start was effected, Little Nell taking the lead with all her horses close upon her, Messenger dropping hack con- siucrauiy alter the first turn, but he shortly had Sir Roger to keep him com- pany, when the ' race assumed the rather novel appearance of two tics, Littie Nell and Albion (the latter with his bead up) being neck und neck in the lead, and Messenger and Sir. Roger having another race in the rear. As they advanced to the winning post Albion drew ahead, beat- ing Little Nell by a good length.' Mes senger was a poor third, and Sir Roger nowhere. hack race. . Of Bovs.. for horses that have never ran for public money (except in a Hack Race). Once ronnd. Hoats, Entrance, £1. Mr Dunham's Prince.. Townsomi -1 1 Mr Ruiunoy's Tunnel Belle... Rumney '2—2 Mr Gravss's Ghost Mr Smith's Passport ..." The first heat was the ' most interesting event of the day, as it was the first race in which there was any interesting amount of changing places. Tunnel Belle was, first at the .start, but gave 'way to .the' Guosfc and the Prince rop'a time, after wards getting again into .the racing, and ciiiuuK » very - respectable second, the ..Ghost being as good a: third, while Prince achieved a hard-won victory! "Passport kept in the rear all through. In the ,J." 'second beat Passport stood out, and after - one false Btart, Prince and Tunnel Belle got away, the Ghost objecting to ' go 'over V the groimd again. Prince maintained' the - -£ lead throughout, although passed nt times % . e i«y remaining competitor, and winning the race by being again the first to pass the judge's stand. — The Hurry Skurry did not' come offoa , . account of an dbjccttoa.that' prevailed'. to":" ' formal entry, but n race' of . a prodigious '' " and exciting character' was improvised, in. which seventeen horses started, ,the . ani mals varying from a seventeen hands high, scrubber down to; a -pony.' notkueoVhigbf- to a grasshopper. . This .was >a private- speculation, and not under the control of.a/r: the committee, and no wonder- there was an accident connected with it, whicb it4 It ? only remarkable was not attended with more serious consequences. One enter- wising competitor, in his enthusiasm, ran nnti rode n marc in foal, and got a spill for his pains, bntwus'not sciioiijriy Injured. This heavy (renk brought the meeting to a close, which may he said to have been a successful one— at any rate, as ' regards the . quantity of running taken out of the hones, the system of running heats militating in that direction. In a pecuniary sense, we Tear, it was a failure, as wc arc led to surnme from the forced economy said to be necc.4- wry to keep the assets and liabilities with in relative proportions to bach other. At the conclusion of the sports a general homeward stampede was made, and the bulk of the vehicles left the ground to gether. Mr. Coolcy's broad gunge omni bus was nmong the number, and in the careful hands of Mr. John Cooley. It vfts loaded with a full complement oi passengers, especially outside, among whom were the representatives of the two Hobnrt Town dailies! Just before it arrived at the point where the execrable bush truck joins the road, it met' with an accident which might bare hcen of a most serious character. The wheel tracks on which the 'bus was runniug contained a number of imperceptible bog-holes which have recently bccomo filled up with dust and brickbats, and down into one of these, with a sudd n jerk the off fore wheel of tiie conveyance humped, carrying away some of the fastenings of the fore carriage, which occasioned the body to shoot over the fore wheels, and brought all hands to grief, the outside passengers, almost with out exception, being thrown off the roof by the sudden concussion, and those in side being mixed up in a most disagreeable maimer. Providentially no one was seriously injured, although Air. dames : Aleailc and a younj man named Morris were very much sTiakcn. Air. Eady, of the Albion Hotel, was just in front with his trap and a pair of young horses, and lie promptly returned to the as- distance of the party, and gave a kindly lift tons many as his conveyance would hold, among whom wns the representative of this journal, for which courtesy and attention wc tender our sincere thanks. Mr. Cooley proceeded to the Point in order to obtain a conveyance for those who were left behind, and dispatched a horse and spring cart, kindly lent by Mr. Martin, to meet the re mainder of the passengers on their way. Some, however, hud availed themselves of the coach horses, one of which the repre sentative of our contemporary bestrided with a natural and unaffected grace that re minded us of the citizen whose unmc Cow- per has immortalised, or of the Knight of the Rueful Countenance whose ehivnlric deeds Cervantes has made the world ac quainted with. As far as wc have been able to ascertain, the whole of the company succeeded, by one means or another, in reaching home in safety. 