iHisicellaneptisi <01eanmgsu (From the Papers.) Newspaper reporters should not drink. Here is a story handed in by one of the craft, which shows in very strong colours the manner in which things become disturbed by viewing them throueh the bottom of a tumbler : — " Yesterday morning, about 4 o'clock p.m., a man with a heel in the hole of his stocking, committed arsenic by swallowing suicide. The verdict- of the inquest returned a jury that the deceased came to the fact in accordance with his death. He -leaves a child and six small wives to lament the loss of his untimely end." — ' Herald.' When the toast of " The Press" was proposed at a banquet, at DunCdin, it was received with hisses and groans ; only a few persons rose, and it was hurried over before anyone could rise to respond. At last, after another toast had been given, a person named Fleming replied, and declared he was a Provincialist, and, of course, Government applauded. The committee throughout has treated the Press very courte ously. At first it refused them tickets, and then, on the Press declaring they would take no further notice of proceedings, tickets were sent -I-t was at one time decided to refuse all the papers tickets, except the . ' Tablet ' (Catholic organ), and that journal was to get 5 to report the speeches, if the Hibernian Society joined in the , procession, but this was refused. i-- .Latest New York spelling match. Chairman : "Spell, 'saloon.'" Jones, a handsome .young: jnari minus hair and short in the number of eyes, freckled like an omelette, " Hes-hay-hel-ho-ho- hen-saloon." , A strong proof of the Anglo-Saxon origin of Jones. . A Western (American) paper telis this story of a distressed agriculturist A farmer dropped in on Wednesday last to pay his rent, putting on a long face to correspond with the times. On entering the house, he told the land lord that times being so bad, he could not rise the money at all, and dashed a bundle of green backs on the table. 'There,' said he — that is all I can pay.' The money was taken up and-, counted, by. the landlord, who said, ' Why, this- is twice as much as you owe ! ' ' Dang me, give it me again ! ' cried the farmer. I'm blamed if I ain't took it out of the wrong pocket ! " "Increase of the Episcopate." — Bishops grown stout — ' Punch.' " An old Ballaratian, just returned from New South Wales, in the Riverina country, and round about the border, ;.has announced to the ' Star ' his fiscal conversion. He went hence a staunch protectionist, and returns a freetrader. The grounds of his conversion are these : — Wherever he went in New South Wales he found com modities cheaper, employment more abundant, money more plentiful. 'It reminded me,' he says, ' of the good old times in Ballarat, and I am now a freetrader.' This, we may add is the general verdict of persons who have an oppor tunity of contrasting the present condition of the two colonies." . - ' There is one thing about a constantly idle man to his advantage. He never labours under a mistake. A young English lady, residing in Paris, has received over fifty lashes. She was born with them — on .her eyelids. Nature abhors a vacuum, — that's why some people when they catch cold always find its settles in their heads. The reason why whales frequent the arctic seas is probably because they . supply . thq " northern lights " with oil. Biddy being very sick was asked if she would take oil. " Indade," said she " I would take anything to make me well, if I knew .it would kill me." When is a horse a victim of the inquisition ? When he is fastened to a rack.: Why are printers liable to bad colds ? Because they always use damp sheets. Scarlatina has broken out at Wollongong.- The Rev. John Gamage, A.M., rector of Sedgefield, died in the second week of Decem ber, 1747, about a week before the tithes became due ; and it is said that his- widow, who was a woman with all her wits about her, resorted to the bold expedient of laying his body /in salt, and keeping it in a private room, .till after the 20th of the month, the .day on which the tithe- farmers came to pay their rents. Her scheme succeeded. - She received the emoluments of the living for that year, which would otherwise have gone into the Bishop of Durham's hands, as patron. And after she had got the money safe, she made public- the fact of her husband's decease. This clever piece of trickery does not seem to have been pleasing, however, to the ghost of the departed, who " was doubtless an honorable as well as a reverend man ; and, therefore, the parsonage, for many years, became a haunted house. " The Pickled Parson," as he was irreverently termed, infested the neighbour hood for the better part of half a century, "making night, hideous." At length, on the morning of the last day of the year 1792, a fire broke out in one of the lodging rooms of the . rectory-house, and before it could be extinguished the greater part of the building was destroyed. From that day and hour the apparition was never, more seen. \- The Paris Tribunal has just given a warning to over-ambitious doctors. A young man suffer ing from consumption applied to a certain dis ciple of ZEsculapius, who guaranteed to cure hyn for ;£i2. The money was paid, and in three weeks the patient was radically cured — that is to say, he died. - His widow then brought an. action for non- fulfilment of contract, and the doctor was ordered to return the 12. Buenos Ayres has dethroned St Martin, of Tours, it's patron saint, and set up Ignatius Loyola, because the former did not keep off the small-pox, drought, and other inconveniences. An atrocious crime has been committed at Nice by an individual unknown. A widow named Cawin, a midwife, aged 35, was sum moned in haste to attend a patient. She set out with perfect confidence to accompany her con ductor, who suddenly stabbed her to the heart with a butcher's knife. The poor . woman fell dead in the street and the murderer took to flight leaving behind the weapon he had used. "The Native Dog Destruction Association met on Saturday forenoon last, Capt. W. H. . Mosely in the chair, and present Messrs. A. J. Doyle, D. M. Fraser, Hay, and James Moseley. Over j£go was paid away for scalps and tails, and it was determined to continue active operations with a view to the material decrease of the pests of the bush. Several new members were en rolled, and the meeting terminated. Motto for the Association : " Heads, I win — tails, you lose. — ' Narrabn Herald; 