CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE Continued from Page 8. DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. {From, (Mr own Correspondent.) LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. MARTIN, MPSKERRY. On Sunday last, the very interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Martin's Church, Muskerry, was performed by his Lordship the Bishop of Sandhurst, and was witnessed by over 500 people. After Mass, which commenced at 11 o'clock, his Lordship administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to 64 candidates, about 20 of them being adults. In a discourse suitable to the occasion, he exhorted those who had been confirmed to avoid sin, which alone could banish from their hearts the Holy Ghost, who had that day bestowed upon them the plenitude of His seven gifts. At the conclusion of his address the congregation, followed by his Lordship, who was assisted by the Rev. Father Kelly, S.J., and Dr. Reville, went over to the spot on which the new church is being built. His Lordship having entered the enclosure, at once -commenced the ceremony of laying the corner-stone. He recited the prayers and psalms prescribed by the Ritual for such occasions, and sprinkled the foundations with holy water. A bottle containing specimens of the coins of the realm, the Advocate, the Bendigo Advertiser, and Independent, and a roll of parchment bearing a Latin inscription, to the effect that the corner* stone of St. Martin's Church was laid by his Lordship the Right Rev. Martin Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, on September 19th, 1875, in the 30th year of the Pontificate of Pius IX., and the 39 th year of the reign of Queen Victoria, was placed nnder the stone, which was then lowered into its position. Father Kelly then came forward, and, having read the Gospel of the day, preached a truly able and eloquent sermon. Having repeated the question of our Divine Lord, " Whether is it easier to say, thy sins be forgiven thee, or to say, ' Arise and walk V " he said that, if we merely consider the material utterance of the words, we will find either expression equally easy ; but when we look to the effects—the remis- sion of sins, and the sudden restoration of the infirm to health—we find that they are beyond the power of man, and proclaim the omnipotence of God. The Saviour of the world, on the occasion here mentioned by St. Matthew, cured the man sick of the palsy of the infirmity under which lie laboured, thereby proving to the Scribes that he had also healed the wounds which sin had inflicted on his soul. The internal effect of the cleansing of the soul from sin claims our attention, and calls for our admiration more, than the deliverance of the sick man from the palsy. With the eyes of faith we see beauty restored to that soul which had been rendered hideous in the sight of God and his angels. The triumph of grace is secured, and man once more breathes the air of liberty. All the ceremonies of the Church tend to show the mercy of God and the importance of man's salvation. To how many salutary reflections does not the ceremony of to-day give occasion. The stone which 'has just been placed firmly' in its position signifies our Divine Saviour, who is the corner-stone of the edifice. The stone is shaped fair and smooth, reminding us of the divine model, to which we should endeavour to conform ourselves. This stone, united to the others, is a figure of the union which should exist between the Christian and the sacred heart of Jesus. This stone, in fine, is signed with the Cross to teach ns that all our h'ope is in the Cross. It is sprinkled with holy water to remind us of the streams of blood which flowed from the sacred wounds of the dying Saviour, washing away the sins of the world. This sacred ceremony exhorts ns to enter into its myotic meaning, and not to rest content with the external grandeur, of the solemnity in which we are engaged^ Let ns reflect seriously on the important truths which the Church of God brings constantly under our notice. Silent though the Church may be, pointing to heaven, it reminds man of his eternal destinyEvery object within its hallowed walls recalls to our minds the great duties of religion. The Crucifix, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, the Word of God, all remind us of the gratitude we owe to God, and the hatred we should bear to sin. In conclusion, the reverend preacher called upon those present to hasten, by their generous contributions, the completion of the good work. A collection was then made, which realised the handsome sum of £101. One lady, Mrs. Thos. Steers, handed in the sum of £24, contributed by the ladies, for the purpose of erecting an altar in the church. Mr. Andrew O'Keefe then presented his Lordship with a magnificently wrought silver trowel, bearing the following inscription :—" Presented to the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of St. Martin's Catholic Church, Muskerry, Sept. 19th, 1875." Mr. O'Keefe then read the following address, which had been drawn up by the Committee, and beautifully illuminated Mr. P. G. Booty:— To the Right ;Reverend Martin Crane, Lord Bishop of tbe Diocese of Sandhurst. May it please your Lordsbip,—It is with feelings of joy and happiness that we, on behalf of the Catholics of Muskerry, welcome your Lordship to lay the foundation-stone of our new church, and trust it may be the forerunner of many more churohes, which, nnder your fostering care, will be erected to the glory of God and spread of Catholicity. Whilst mindful of the difficulties your Lordship has to enoounter in this young oountry, we, having the greatest confidence in the untiring zeal yon are manifesting in promoting tbe erection of new churches throughout your diocese, tbat your [pastors may impart religious consolation and instruction, humbly pray the Almighty God to assist you in your great work, and preserve your health and strength, that yon may continue your labours for the glory of His holy name and the welfare of your flock. We subscribe ourselves your Lordship's most faithful and obedient servants, Andrew O'Keeffe, Chairman of Committee, Thos. Burke, Edwd. Kennedy, Barkly Burke, Miohael Purbell, Jas. Cahill, Patrick McKion; John Clements, J. H. O'Dwyer, hon. secretary. His Lordship replied in suitable terms ; after which Mr. O'Keefe, on behalf of the ladies of the parish, presented him with a beautiful stole. His Lordship thanked the ladies, and promised to remember them as often as he carried on the sacred functions in the costly stole with which they had presented him. The church, when finished, will be a fine specimen of the Gothic style of architecture. Its dimensions will be 105 feet in length, by 33 feet wide, with walla 16 feet high. It is being built on an elevated position, and will be visible at a great distance. Mr. Cahill, of Muskerry, presented the ground on which the building is being erected (about two acres in extent) to the church committee. The church is being built of granite from Forest Creek. Its total cost will be about £2000. Mr. J. M. Brady, of Sandhurst, is the architect. Muskerry, or the Clare Inn, is situated about 18 miles from Sandhurst, and 5 from Goornong. LECTURE BY FATHER KELLY. On Monday night Father Kelly delivered a lecture in St. James' Hall, in aid of the building fund of St. Kilian's Presbytery. His Worship the Mayor of Sandhurst (Mr. Robert Clark) was in the chair, and in very eulogistic terms introduced the rev. lecturer to the meeting, which was not so large as the merits of the lecture, the talents of the lecturer, or the cause on behalf of which it was delivered, deserved. Tbe subject of his lecture was the "Great Military Surrenders." In his usual able and masterly style Father Kelly briefly sketched the most famous surrenders which have occurred during the world's history, and terminated with the unexampled surrenders of'the French d uring the late Franco-Prussian war. The audience were highly delighted, and, no doubt, also instructed with the lecture, and gave vent to their feelings in frequent bursts of applause. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was heartily accorded on the motion of the _ Rev. Dr. Backhaus, V.G., and a similar compliment was paid to the chairman, who, having briefly responded, brought the proceedings to a dose. 