3MJjJRALD- EXLL TOWS COUNCIL. Fbidat, July 9, 1875. Piwnfc:—Tbo Mayor (J. Danke), Crs. Mills, Boyd, Stead, Philipsou, Foote, Nimmo, S.iudilauds and Tbistlethwaite. : The minutes of last ordinary meeting ware read and confirmed. COIIUESPOKDEXCE. . "•The Town Clerk read the following com munications :— From the Office of Lands and Survey, re Omnibus Stables site, stating that the site suggested in lieu of that already granted, is portion of tlie Kille Ranges, and until the Butts are rumored the ground cannot bo made available for the purpose desired.—On the motion of Cr. Nimmo,' the l'own Clerk was instructed to ask the Hon. the Treasurer to inform to inform the Council as to the qar liest period when the Butts site would be available. . Also, two letters from the Department, statiug acceptance by the Minister of the Council's offer of £75 toirards filling up the school site, ns proposed, in lieu of the pro longation of Kapier-street, enquiring how it is proposed to have the land surveyed with the view of carrying out, the plan suggested by the Council.—After considerable discussion the following resolution, moved by Cr. Philip son was agreed to—"That £he Town Clerk write to the Hon. the Commissioner of Lands, requesting that the land bounded by Park street East, Palmerston-croscent, and Eastern road, be surveyed and laid out, so that the school site will not interfere with the line of streets.—Cr. Nimmo dissentient. From the Railways and Iioads Department, asking the Council's views as to amount of remuneration to be paid to Local Auditors, as it is bis intention to appoint one in such case for the current year.—Referred to the Legis lative Committee. From th» Borough Council of Williams town, expressing willingness to co- operate ill the matter of the Williainstown Short-road to Melbourne.—Postponed until next meetiug. From the Town Clerk of Melbourne, on tho subject of the provisions of the New Juries' Bill, now before Parliament, calling attention to the fact of Councillors not being exempt from serving on juries, and providing for the Council finding, all materials for com piling the Juries List, which will entail great expense, trouble, and loss of time.—The Town Clerk wa3 instructed to write to the Govern ment on the subject, and also request the member for the district to use every effort to haTc the Bill modified. From the City of Melbourne Bank Limited, in reference to certain notices served upon the Bank to remove nuisances existing upon certain properties at Emerald Hill.—No ac tion was taken, as the Council declined to in terfer with the order of the Local Board of Health. A letter from Mr. J. Fitzpatrick was not received for reasons stated by the Mayor. (The document referred to a recent prosecu tion under the Dog Act, and contained what was considered to be a libellous charge. Also a petition from certain residents in Haig-streot,* on the subject of the receut seizure of goats, which was ordered to be considered at next meeting. Repoeis. Public Works Committee.—The report of this committee was brought up by Cr. Philipson, recommending—1. Approval of action taken in calling for tenders for the formation of a right-of-way off Clarke-street, owned by Hall, Lloyd, and others, and that the lowest ten der, that of Mr. M. Minahan, for the sum of £29 12s. be accepted. 2. That in all cases where owners of property desire to have trees planted opposite their premises, the Council provide the trees, the parties finding the tree guards, and in future none but iron guards be permitted to be used, according to the pattern to be approved by the Council. 3. Approval of action taken in instructing the Surveyor to have the trees in the line of Queen's-terraca and other streets marked, so that the same may be offered for sale. 4. The Committee hariug called for tenders for forming portion of Hanna-street, found tho same considerably in excess of the Surveyor's estimate, and therefore desire to report the matter to the Council, the said estimate having been £68, and the lowest tender £174. 5. That the Surveyor be instructed to have a bridge con structed over tho creek in line of Gatehouse street, out of the old material lying in the Council Chambers'yard. 6. That with regard to the Queen's-terrace levels matter, the width of said terrace be increased to I V chains, and that the fence of tho Warehousemen's Cricket Ground be altered, so as to conform nith the line of street. 7. Payments out of Toll Fund amouuting to £1-1 -Is.—Tho several recom mendations were adopted, and after a long discussion on section •!•, the following resolu tion moved by Cr. Thistlethwaite was agreed to—"That the action taken by the Public Works Committee in reporting to the Council the result of asking for and receiving tenders for the work referred to, bo approved; Crs. Simmo, Foote, and Sandilands dissentient.— Tho report was then adopted. Finance Committee.—Cr. Mills brought up the report of this committee, recommending payments amounting to £395 13s. 3d.— Adopted. Deputations. The reports of deputation in the Park and Wholesale Market Matters were .laid on the tabl«. Valttebs. Five applications for tha appointment of valuers were opened and doalt with. A bal lot was taken, which resulted as follows: C. J. Durham 7, Whyte 6, W. B. Rodier 2,F. Peterson 2, H. Cook 1. Messrs. Durhasi and Whyte were then elected on the motion of the Mayor. PiAX or Levels of Queens'-tebbacb, Albebt Pake. With regard to the above matter, the Sur i veyor' was instructed to report in writing to the Council. Sandbidge-eoad. Cr. Mills withdrew his motion—" That a deputation bo appointed 'to wait upon the Hon. the Minister of Railways and Roads, in the matter of the future repairs and mainten ance of tho Sandridge-road, seeing that tho toll is likely to be abolished at th« end of the current year." Exception having been taken to its introduction, on tho grounds that dele gates to attend a conference on toll matters generally had already been appointed. The Cows destroyed at the Butts. The Mayor reported that Col. Anderson had invited his attendauco at the Butts that day ou the subject of the cross street iu the Rifle Ranges, and that the Council of the Rifle Association were willing to pay Messrs. Lark ng and McCormick the sum of £17 10s., which amount, the Mayor stated the parties would accept; also, that Col. Anderson had asked leave to fence off the beach, so as to prevent cattlo "straying into the Rauges. This the Council objected to, and the Town Clerk wus instructed to minute the Mayor's report. Cleansing Closets. The suspension of tho Standing Orders having obtained, Cr. Thistlethwaite submitted a resolution for referring to a committee, the subject of the arrangements desirable to be made for the future emptying of cesspits, etc., and the Council went into committee on the subject. After some discussion the mover withdrew the resolution and the Council re sumed. Notics or Motion. By Cr. Mills—"That the Hon. the Min ister of Lands be requested to have tho swampy land between the Sandridge-road and the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail way Company1! ling reclaimed, with the view of the same being either leased or sold after adequate drainage is provided, and the sanitary interests of ihe district duly con sidered'" Tho Council then adjourned. Love of Praise.—An Irish orator, speaking of an opponent's love of praise, described him as so ruin in that respect " that he would be content to give up the ghost if it were but possible to look up and read the stonecutter's puifou his grave." 