SUPREME COURT - CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Before His Honor Chief Justice Burt.) WEDNESDAY, JAN. 6, 1875. Richard Moore, arraigned on a charge of ob- taining goods by false representation, pleaded guilty. His previous character in the colony being good, he received a sentence of 6 months' imprisonment, with hard labour. John Collins, charged with larceny of some clothing, also pleaded guiity/and received a sentence of 5 years' penal servitude. John Hesketh, charged with forgery of a cheque, pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr, Howell. The cheque was given him by Mr. Atkinson, of Bindoon, filled up for £1, and subsequently was found in ins possession, al- tered to £2. The jury convicted the prisoner,, who received a sentence of 6 years' penal servi- tude. SECOND DAY. John Shea, a free man, was charged with an unnatural offence, at Nickol Bay, and pleaded not guilty- Mr. Howell and Mr. Burt; appeared for the prisoner. After hearing some evidence, . the Attorney General withdrew the informa- tion, and, by direction of His Honor, the jury acquitted the prisoner. Lawrence Grain, charged with larceny of san- dalwood, pleaded not guilty. Subsequently it appearing from the evidence that it was in reality a dispute between partners as to owner- ship of the wood, the Attorney General with- drew the information, and His Honor directed an acquittal. Alexander Cairns was charged with house- breaking. In this case a nolle prosequi was entered on the application of the Attorney General. James Keenan, charged with an indecent as- sault on a child of 7 years old, was convicted, and received a sentence of 9 years' penal servi- tude. Thos. Williams, charged with horse stealing, pleaded not guilty. The prisoner, a teamster, in charge of a team of Mr. Arthur Bailey, of York, sold one of the teams, whilst in Perth, for £10. Verdict, guilty, sentenced 7 years' penal servitude. FRIDAY, 8th JANUARY, 1875; James White Humphrey, was charged under section 7 of "The Debtors Act, 1871," with fraudulent bankruptcy. The first and second counts charged defendant with having failed to deliver up to the trustee of his bankrupt estate a sum of £17 16s., the amount of a warrant for payment of money or cheque drawn by Geo. A. Davies, on one John Tappper, part of his per- sonal property in his custody at date of his adjudication, as bankrupt, (the 30th June, 1873,) with intent to defraud. The third count charged, that being a trader, he had on the 19th May, and within four months of presontation of the bankruptcy petition, disposed of, other- wise than in the ordinary course of his trade, to one Geo. Alfred Davies, seven loads of timber which he had obtained on credit, and had not paid for, with intent to defraud. Mr. Howell appeared for the defendant, Mr. Rowley Crozier Loftie deposed that he was Registrar in bankruptcy ; that on the 21st May, 1873, a petition for liquidation was filed by the defendant. On the 7th June following, the first meeting of creditors was held, and on the 10th, the resolution of creditors refusing to agree to composition or liquidation. On the same day a bankruptcy petition was presented. At the meeting of creditors, Mr. Elias Solomon was appointed trustee. The public examina- tion of the bankrupt (the defendant) was held before witness in the Supreme Court on the 28th July and 18th Septr. (examination in writing produced). From this examination (which was read) it appeared defendant, (the (bankrupt) had deposed to having purchased some timber, from one Marshall, at 60s. per load, Marshal owed him money, but sent up too much timber, and in result remained a creditor for £9 ; this timber he subsequently sold to G. A. Davies, at 36s. a load. When being paid he and Davies had a squaring up, and Davies gave him a cheque for £17 15s., or £17 18s. which he paid away with other money to one Hicks, to whom he owed money. Mr. Elias Solomon was next examined at great length. From his evidence it appeared that the liabilities of the defendant were re- turned at £907, and the assets only £82. Witness, as trustee, had only been able to re- alize £44, of which £35 was produced by sale of furniture, and £6 turned out a bad debt. Defendant had not given up a cheque for £17 16s. given him by Davies. Mr. G. A. Davies gave evidence of having purchased a lot of timber from defendant, on the 14th May. He paid him on the 19th or 21st by a cheque in favor of John Tapper. Witness was uncertain which day, but remem- bered Tapper was present, and he had paid Tapper a cheque same day (cheque produced, favor of Tapper for freight of timber, dated 21st May, 1873). Witness identifies the cheque he paid Tapper for freight ; found in his bank book entry of a cheque for £17 16s., favor of J. Tapper, being debited on the 21st May. John Tapper corroborated the evidence as to receiving a cheque in May, 1873, for freight from Davies. Humphrey was present; the re- ceipt was dated 21 st May. On cross-examina- tion, witness said, he could not say date of pay- ment. Mr. E. Higham deposed that defendant had agreed to sell him 2000 feet of timber, expected in the Argo, agreeing to pay him at rate of 6s. 6d. to 7s. per 100ft. or about 70s. to 75s. per load. Deft, was to pay freight also, truck- ing. Subsequently, when inquiring about the timber from defendant, he said he had sold the whole lot to Davies. The manager of the National Bank produced a cheque of Davies in favor of Tapper, dated 21st May, 1873, for freight. The Attorney General then summed up, and Mr. Howell addressed the jury in a most forci- ble manner, urging that defendant had all through used his best endeavours to give any assistance to the trustee in realizing the estate and making out the accounts. It was not a question whether the accounts were or were not correct, or whether they were cooked up ; it was not a question whether defendant sold the timber at a profit or loss ; the true question for the jury was-is defendant guilty of the charge ; which was not, whether he sold timber for 36s., purchased previously at 60s., 70s., or 80s. a load, but did he do so with fraudulent intent ? He was obliged to take the timber, and would have been a fool if he had refused it at any price, as, otherwise, he could not get paid what was due him. He was bound to sell the timber again to meet his debts, and by his own evi- dence before the Registrar in Bankruptcy, he stated he has paid away the money received for the timber to a creditor. His Honor charged the jury, who after two hours' deliberation returned a verdict of guilty on the third count. His Honor in giving the sentence of the Court, said he felt bound to mark the serious nature of the offence. It was very necessary that protection should be given to traders that the " Debtors Act, 1871" af- forded to them. He felt bound to award the full penalty laid down. The sentence of the Court was imprisonment with hard labor for two years. William Norrie was charged with stealing a purse of money from Thomas Perry, in a lodg- ing house in Bunbury. Mr. Howell defended. The particulars are devoid of interest. The prisoner was acquitted. The Court adjourned shortly after six o'clock. SATURDAY, JANUARY 9,1875. John Bishop, a free man, was charged with perjury while giving his evidence at the last sitting of the Court in December, on the hear- ing of an appeal against the decision of the Police Magistrate ot Perth (in a case of Sunday grog-selling at the Jarradale Inn) in which one Cockram was appellant and Police Constable McCormiah was respondent. The conviction Was affirmed, and present prosecution directed by the then Acting Chief Justice. The evidence was nearly identical with that produced on the former occasion, and with which the public is familiar. Mr. Parker ap- peared for the defence, and called witnesses to contradict the evidence of the policeman and his native assistant. W. Bamber deposed that he had breakfast in the kitchen At Cockram's on the Sunday morn- ing in question ; several others were there, in- cluding Johnson, Snape, J. Brown ; after breakfast lay in the tap-room on the sofa ; saw Coxon at 11 o'clock at his hut, 3 miles from Cockram's. Cross-examined : Have no"?watch'; break fasted between 7 and 8 ; lay down about half" past eight ; drank over night ; more liquor in morning ; did not go asleep ; lay about f of an hour ; then got up and went away with the rest ; Bishop came part of the way-200 yards perhaps ; then was a quarter past 9 o'clock ; Coxon has to pass my hut on his way; home he ; dropped in this morning; he stayed half an hour ; had some bread and meat and tea ; Brown works with Coxon ; Johnson also works on line; Lee breakfasted with me; he was stopping with me ; I never saw a policeman ; never saw Newton ; may have seen him once in my life ; Bishop was going out to milk the cow. Wm. Brown, working on the line; was at Jarradale on 31st October ; slept in the bush ; got up about six o'clock ; went to the back of Cockram's, and woke up the servant to get him some breakfast, before he went down line; saw no one there when I went first ; had breakfast with Bamber, Lee, Johnson, and Snape, and the servant, about 8 o'clock, in the kitchen. Coxon did not breakfast with us ; I sat down on a form at the back of the house ; after breakfast I and 3 or 4 started away to our huts ; in about half an hour Bishop came after us, and joined us with Bamber ; I had not seen Coxon since the Saturday night ; it was at Lee's hut ; I was there an hour when he came ; never saw Coxon about the house (Cockram's) at all. Cross-examined by Attorney General : Was sitting at the back of the house from the time I came till breakfast was ready ; I missed Bamber after breakfast ; he was one who went to the huts with us; I pass Bamber's hut go- ing to mine ; Coxon lives with me ; I met him at Lee's ; Lee and Bamber are together ; about an hour after we got to Bamber's hut, Coxon came; can't say how long we stayed there. Mrs. Cockram : remember 31st ; when I came out of bar room, Newton was at breakfast ; he paid by cheque, in the kitchen ; I went into house got change and brought it into kitchen ; after- wards gave him a glass of grog in the passage ; I was standing in the passage ; he was just outside; I put the glass on the counter; he passed out of the back door ; I followed to door; I saw a policeman and native run across the yard, and native followed p.c. McCormish ; he came up to Newton ; he caught Newton and said what have you been drinking, and what have you about you ? I said, he's a traveller ; McCormish rushed past me into the bar and looked around ; it is quite false that I slammed the door in his face and pulled the glass out of Newton's hand ; 1 spoke a second time before he spoke; I never saw Coxon that morning till I saw McCormish speaking to him after this occurrence; it is false that I walked past Coxon when going ; in did not give Bishop the keys ; did not sea Coxon from ten, the night before till, McCormish spoke. Cross-examined by Attorney General : It was nine when I came out ; it was an hour and, half before McCormish rushed across ; it was nearly 11 o'clock; it was about 11 o'clock when I saw Coxon in Bamber's hut ; I don't know how far off; some men had breakfast be- fore I got up ; it was about an hour after be- fore Newton got his breakfast; Newton arrived a few minutes before I got up ; I heard him knocking at front door ; if. the police were where they state, they might not have seen Newton, as there are trees. Geo. Newton : I came from Alnut's above Blackwood Bridge, 189 miles from Perth ; on 1st November was at Cockram's; went to Blackwood; carne from the station to Cock- ram's and from that to Pinjarrah ; did not know they were looking for me ; Cockram went to find me out ; arrived at Cockram's at 9 o'clock ; when first I came went to front door ; no an- swer ; then to back ; asked for breakfast and got it in kitchen ; d;d not see McCormish till alter breakfast ; I was sitting at the breakfast table; I had one glass after breakfast, in the passage ; Mrs. Cockram served me and stood in the tap room door ; I drank the liquor ; handed back the glass ; saw policeman ; he grabs me by neck, about a yard outside the door ; before I could answer the policeman, Mrs. Cockram said she had just served him with a glass of grog ; he rushed by without asking her leave ; not true that Mrs. Cockram slammed the door in policeman's face; it was two or three minutes before policeman came that she took the glass; Mrs. Cockram asked by what autho- rity he came in without leave ; he said he had a warrant ; he examined my bundle, and said he was satisfied ; saw Bishop and servant, and 3 boys; never saw Coxon ; about 60 yards off. At this stage the Attorney General said he thought it better to consent to an acquittal. His Honor accordingly directed the jury to re- turn a verdict of not guilty. Verdict accordingly-Not Guilty. Richard Memsie?/ pleaded guilty to a charge of perjury. Sentence 3 years' penal servitude. Chas. Maurlee and Edward Holmes, char- ged with stealing 19s. from a man of the name of Johnson, at Fremantle, pleaded not guilty, and were defended by Mr. Howell. After hear- ing the evidence of the prosecutor (which ap- peared to be at variance with t h e^ evidence given before the Committing Magistrate), His Honor, at the suggestion ot the Attorney General, directed an acquittal, and that Johnson should not receive anything for his attendance. John Shirkey and John Wall, charged with stealing a watch from the person of a man named Conway, at Thomas's Public House, Fremantle, during a drunken row, pleaded not guilty, and were defended by Mr. Howell. It appeared on the day of the last Elections at Fremantle prisoners were with prosecutor at Thomas's Public House. Subsequently Con- way had a tussle with one of the prisoners. A witness named Gee, a young lad, deposed that, during the struggle the prisoner Wall snatched the watch from Conway's pocket, and afterwards gave it to Shirkey. Gee and others followed the latter, and, after some demur, Shirkey gave it up, and Gee gave both of them in charge. Other witnesses corroborated Gee's evidence. The jury found both prisouers guilty j sen- tence each, 7 years' penal servitude. John Cosgrove, charged with forging an older on Britnall the boot maker, purporting to be given by one Buckingham of Wanneroo, his master, pleaded not guilty. Buckingham re- fused to honor the order, and had not autho- rised it. The prisoner tried to make the jury believe, his master, Buckingham, was in the habit of allowing his men to draw goods on his account, afterwards giving him notice of their being entered to him.4This, however, Bucking- ham denied, and the jury refused to believe. Verdict, guilty ; sentenced 6 years' penal ser- vitude. Michael Costello, larceny of clothing, from Mr. Corbett. Verdict-not guilty. Daniel Flicker, larceuy of goods from Mrs. Higham, Picton, near Fremantle. There was a difficulty in identifying the stolen property. The jury lound a verdict of not guilty. The Court rose at six o'clock. A LETTER from the Greenough com- plaining of the Protestant Clergyman of the district for refusing to read the burial service of the Church of England ?it the funeral of a Good Templar, because the Good Templars wished to have their own service read, appeared in the W. A. Times of December 12, 1874. In reply, a letter from the Protest ant Bishop of Perth, melifluently exhorting both parties to agree, if they can, ap- peared in the same paper, December 22, 1874. We will put aside the matter which gave rise to the correspondence, as com- mentators have so generally agreed that further dispute may not be apprehended. We shall confine ourselves to a few re- marks on some statements made in His Lordship's letter. " It is for me," he says, " a most happy circumstance that there exists now in this diocese, under the name of the Standing Committee of the Synod, a body of men which may fairly be called the Executive Council of the Church of England. To this body, at a meeting held recently, I referred the question which we now have in hand. I may mention in passsing that the committee is made up of four clergymen, including myself, and four laymen. Only one member was absent from the recent meeting-a clergy- man, kept away by illness. I am happy to say that we were quite unanimous in our judgment concerning the course which ought to be pursued by the dif- ferent parties concerned in this question of Good Templars* funerals." We congratulate the Bishop ! He has peace in his possessions, and he enjoys it. The Executive Council of the Colonial Church is in accord with him on one dis- ciplinary question, perhaps on every one that came under their notice, for, so far, Tempora mutantur et nos mutamur cum Ulis. Human institutions, like the times, are mutable. Few who do not know that some great change has come over the Protestant Church, not alone of this colony, but of all the colonies lately. But, like the transit of Venus, important as it is, most people require to be told about it to heed it. As it is an inter- esting fact we wish to call attention to it. Necessity has no law ; and it was found necessary to renew, or, perhaps some would say, remodel those Churches. The thing is now an accomplished fact, and, judging from appearanees, the new re- ligious mode of existence gives its pro- fessors very considerable satisfaction. The Synodmen, so prompt, patient, and agreeable when forming the frame, work of their future operations ;-the Standing Committee so unanimous ia adopting the right (?) course on a dis- puted question ;-and the quiet accept, ance of the whole system by the un. thinking majority, convince us that all like their New Church well, if not bet. ter than their old one. Yet, so gentle has been the transition that, we doubt not, many will be utterly surprised to find, on enquiry, that they have become members of an undoubtedly New Church. But yet it is so. However strange it may seem, it is true that each of the co- lonies-not one only, but each one-has the honor of calling into existence a brand new Protestant Church. The Supreme Head of the Church of England has given notice, that it was recently dis. covered by some sharp lawyers, that Her Majesty could not lawfully give spiritual jurisdiction to Certain Colonial Bishops ! And so she has virtually given up all claim to spiritual authority outside the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. We speak of the present and future of our Colonial Protestant Churches -there is no repairing the past. The present Ec3lesiastical Heads of these have no spiritual jurisdiction whatever, authorizing them to preach the gospel, to feed the flock, or to govern the church. It is as clear as our brightest noon-day sun they never had any spiritual autho- rity, only what was granted them by the Crown ; and as such grant from the Crown is null and void, when any colony has a parliamentary constitution, it fol- lows that those ecclesiastics enjoy no longer the title to any spiritual authority. We don't know that it will be called a most happy circumstance ; but, at all events, it requires no reference to either the Bible or the Patrology, ecclesiastical or profane history, to prove it. We pass on to another extract from His Lordship's letter : "As regards any action on my part, in relation to this question, I have no power whatever to put forth any authoritative in- structions or to give orders one way or the other. All that I can do is to gi ve fatherly advice to those whom it may concern." What a sad admission ! Neither power nor authority ! ! What a difference it would .make were a Catholic Bishop called upon to decide what a Priest's religious duties were in relation either to the living or the dead. How unmi3 takeable would be his language. Would he not realize in his own person the Apostle's authoritative instruction to Bishops,-" Take heed to yourselves and " to the whole flock, wherein tho HOLY "GHOST hath placed you Bishops, to "rule the Church of GOD, which HE "hath purchased with his own blood." -His priests would abide by his de- cision. And again-"Obey your pre " lates, and be subject to them, for they " watch as being to render an account of your souls, that they may do this with joy, and not with grief"-There is no one privileged to disobey. But, under the peculiar circumstances of this case, as a whole, we would admire him for his candour if the Bishop had spoken plainly to the con- tending parties-sic-"Bev. Clergymen under my charge, and gentlemen of the Good Templar Order, why do you differ ? Why do you grow angry over the grave of your departed brother ? The Clergy- man, I observe wants the service of the Church of England only read, while you want yours ; but you must both be aware that neither of you can do the departed one any good. Don't be so silly, then, as to differ and cause yourselves to be laughed at for your differences about empty form of prayer, and that beside the grave. Mourn if you like, but don't wrangle;-leave such things to the Roman Catholics, who foolishly think they can benefit their departed brother." We imagine this would settle the dis- pute effectually. Men must always have a reason for what they do, and, as it would be evidently against reason to go on contending where there is nothing to contend for, the whole matter would drop. Then we would take up rever- ently the last words,-" Leave such things to Roman Catholics," 'and we might likely add " be guilty no more of spurious imitations of their religious ceremonies." -Catholic Record, Jan. 6,1876. « a y fe' I Hu ¡r Sp re!. fe FJÍ. m fe1 %% tit, *4â ?m m té fe* it? m mi w m fe* 'I iii m jp 