" QUID NUNC." TO THE EDITOR OF THE WALLAROO TIMES. SIR,-" Quid Nunc," (what now). The fact is, I have not thought it wrong for one of my fraternity to rush into print, although it seems strange, to rise from the grave to speak on public matters. My exit from the world topfc place before the last epidemic ceased; my complaint ended more seriously than I imagined, being an active member society I took too much .interest for the strength of my constitution, in the general affairs of the Peninsula, in setting Corporations afloat, in concentrating boards for sanitarypurposes, and keepingtbese things in action." I took to heart the apathy and indisposition the government manifested in these affairs. Grief set in, loss of appetite, sad Indigestion followed. Still, by stimulants I made my strength equal to the day and manaped to work for a while, side by side with those who had stronger constitutions to carry on sanitary objects ; hut as tinip wears out all, so it did my constitution. What did I ever receive "for it all? Nothing in the least, but a: satisfaction that I feltl was doing good, while others were receiving the wack. A.nd so may others work and get no thauke, only they may not put.themselves to the dust so quickly as it did niy frail carriage, as most people perhaps are made of tousher bones and tighter leather than I was. It is not to be doubted that for 'all the work the Sanitary .Board lias done on the Wallaroo and Moonta Mines, the magistrates, as they style themselves, not only get all the pay, but all thanks, praise, etc. And to a certainty they will get all the praise, unless the sani tary boards take precautionary and stern measures not to allow^anyone to meddle with their business, and tell the Government, they will not allow themselves to he brought at least, or in any wa/ to the verge of serfdom, ?and henceforth to bid all medicine creditors to keep at a radius of 50 yards from the bouse, at the boundary allotted to swine. Might I venture to.give an opinion that it would be far wiser of the Government to give the Sanitary Board a grant to help to pay all necessary expenses to carry on in a thorough ly systematic way a perfect code of regula tions at their disposal and within their power, to carry out at W. and M. Mines ; and for an encouragement and incentive to t he Commit tee £1 per month or more should be given to each man. Each man would then feel he had a place in the world, a little work to do, and some remuneration for it. Would that not be better than paying away good salaries to a couple ofDrs.^who walk .about only as magistrates, while others must do the work, or else it is not done at all ; who also oa the labours of your poor committee report an improvement in the health of the people, i.e. from the date their salaries com menced. And what was it before? Of course /nothing Jyit (Jcatbs, bone, epidemic,. &c.;, &c.; You folks left behind must be blind to be bjinded .so. I can assure from testimony I have received elsewhere, since I saw you, that whilst the measles were a serious epidemic which Moonta Mines or no other healthy district could avoid, that for eign to that and its results, the death rate was not more then than any other time or place for the number of inhabitants. It is'an old adage that doctors kill more than they cure. If tbat is, true, it must be awful, but then no one pretends to believe it. One thing they flon't object to take the money if others do the work. I heard a brother ghost say he can generally tell when we are going to have more company. It would not do to te'll you every little thing I hear, besides I must: beep' a few item9 for another time. It seems strange I suppose tbata Ghost should: interest Himself to in form you on any subject. I might only answer. Well:, if at large I'm- a true Ghost, never asleep,-always about. ' Should I be as deaf as a post, and ne'er prove I'm on the ialert, I have the advantage of the Post Office stump, who always complained he was fixed, and-couldmot hear unless folks were near, but I can hop, skip and fly here and there, and everywhere. 1 can just as well stand on a loaf of bread or at the top of the old lady's arm chair and hear the table talk, as I can sit on the old chap's lap without any weight being felt. More anon. -I am, Sir, Sues,; - 1 -43flOST. 