'THURSDAY `NAY 20. Before tlie' Mayor (Joseph Harris, Esq.), T. Unaillienoiiid'G: Lewis, J.Ps. TaH MYSTERIOUs Doo.-Marcus Row bothmniwho has a large black and white New feunidland dog' was summoned by Constable .Naughion, ftor? that lie did allow the said dog to bite, attack, and otherwise jump, &c.;, at him. The case was very simple: the unoffending official was quietly ipatrolling ,Chapelpstret; South; Yarra, and on passing.. that abode of luscious soweets kriown as the jam factory, a dog, alleged to belong to -thE idefeidaant;- rushed out and commenced ati attack on the constable of rather a.ferppioup?.descriptio. .In March last 'the defendiant' was' summoned for allowitigianother,.ddg to rash at a constable, and;it.was 'then contended that the canine animal could not have done the deed, inas much as it had been previously poisoned. The, iiherent htitredd 'Lf that dog, to all wearers of,!po'lic, u'ni'fdirm, "hlowever, ' hs descended tothe pon,, and he, though a pup of thirteen. short imoiths, is'.'eidntly.deter mined to " have .revpnge for. thbe. un timely ileath of his' progýenitorw-' Defee'dant-said it was impossible that the dog could have been his, foi he had ,given, strictinjunotions.to his: foreian, to hive1;the' animal, securely locked up among the jam pots, and his loeoiani asseverated that be had carried out his ebiploycer's iiinst?utidns."' "Whether it was locliedup or noi'it :ias; e?idnt.tlhat a dogin. the form.,end shape. olf th'e 'tiirteei months"ipup, .had attacked 'the constable, aid' not believingi altogether that its ghost could walli outiidoewhent its biody was securely chaired in'side, the Bench inflicted a fine of 20, which ii as'of course pai. -- NEGLIGENCE.-A 'number, of cabmen were fined virious sums' for not being in attendance on their cabs. Several offenders were quietly spending their time.'in the So lthl"Yirra' Club Hotel, while teii?horses were allowed to taked-cre of themselves at hours past .mi lniight. Orie had been away from his cab ovdr three hoirs anti a ialf. Jaiines Muir and Georige Bovan were fined s ld 'eaich at tlhe. instsane ofiii theT6oii In= spector fpr aloMvis'l tieir hioires to wander in the p blicbl s'etse .' ' ' ' ' ' .SUNDAY. letADiNGo.- John Ansted' wa fined' lOs ~for allois'in hiquo t'o tbe-drunk 'on lhis premiseas 1n Sunday, the 16th instant.! DnUNKENNESS.-James Connell paid 5s towards filling thie State coffers, which are said to be at a very low ebb at the present time, for being intoxicated. DEBT CASE.--O Gi:en summoned D. Marks for an alleged debt" of 11s. The plaintiff dill' not appear, and the defendant was represented by Mr Weller, who charac telised the case as one of an attempt at ex tortion, and asked :that1 the case.might be dismissed with £2 2e. The., Bench .dis missed the case, with?80s costs, against the plairiif.' : _". . 