ORIGINAL POETRY.. THE MYSTiC. Kai ^wv 'fit taiirti^ t>p3( irppi fitauui crtpaytlt, vfivov dHnOutrtt TouSdt&fiWv; trtOtp. ' - Æschylus. When sick men turn, and lights are low, When wailing winds through forests go, When half the world is hushed in sleep, And ghosts about old houses creep, When ebbing tides reveal agen The bodies of unburied men, When dreamers sweat with pricking flesh, And murdered corpses bleed afresh, When the white Moon in horror hides, As o'er the heath the hag troop glides, And Death upon the pale horse rides, What time the Werewolf casts his skin, And to his grave returning in The Vampire stalks with bloody chin; That hour when blessed Night is done And healthful Morning not begun— That hour when Gpd is Selfwithdrawn, That pause between His dark and dawn. In that unwholesome eèrie hour, When Sin and Death have double power, Let me on lofty tower be set, Like muezzin on minaret, And far from all sane sense holds dear, Drink deadly deep delight of Fear! Priest of the rite of spirit-birth, Dread ruler of the under-earth— Those who from deepest Hell can'st rise And clutch the keys of Paradise!— In every passion's ebb and flood, Thou rul'st the current of our blood; Thou lurkests in the Hermit's cell, In desert Chapels thou dost dwell, And breathest in the organ-swell When swings the Minster vesper-bell. Thou crown'dst great Alexander's bowl, Thou sigh'dst in Rousseau's sickly soul, Tasso fell smitten at thy gaze, And Dante took from thee his bays, The virgin-Saint's extatic prayer Shivered her soul and found thee there! O, Master of the beating brain! Lord of the Dark-house and the Chain! Great Monarch of the Terrible! In what form wilt be visible? Wilt write upon the palace wall? Wilt show the awful face which Saul Saw ere the witch the lamp let fall? Wilt come in storm, in wind, in fire? As Love, Ambition, or Desire? Or wilt—more subtle still--disguise In baby smiles that mothers prize? Or be the "still, small Voice'' that crept, And stung the prophet as he slept? The mystic Lamps are duly lit, The Pillars twain in order sit, The Circle and the Pentagon Proclaim the seal of Solomon. A yellow twilight fills the Heaven, Enveloping the Pleiads seven, And sole of all his fateful clan Glows the red star Aldebaran. The Seven Vowels barely spoken Have syllabled the dreadful token, The Seven Powers now may claim The speaker of the Awful Name, "Tremendous THOU! Great Ever-being! Burst—if thou blindest—on my seeing!" The gloaming green is filled with eyes, There is a murmur in the skies, A shadow o'er my spirit slips, I feel a finger on my lips, My fell of hair uprises slow, My freezing blood forgets to flow, My brow a burning cincture sears, The roar of torrents fills mine ears, I feel the earth beneath me float, The Thrill upshudders to my throat. Now—by the Death I dare not die— Great Enemy I know thee nigh! MARCUS CLARKE. 