KTNETONSHIBI! COUNCIL. The ordinary meeting of the above Council was held in the hall of ilie Mechanics' Institute, on Saturday last. Present—The President (Mr W. Thomson), and Crs Campbell, Symington, Braithwaite, Govett, Johnson, Jarrett, Dmyer, Pearson, Hógan, and Carolin. RAXEPATEBS' ROLL. A number of letters were received from persons claiming to have their names placed on the rate roll. The claims were allowed. CORRESPONDENCE. From the Government Statist, respecting omissions in statistics supplied.—Received. From the Commissioners for Victoria for the Philadelphia Exhibition, thanking the Council for attention to their requests. From the Borough Offaces, Daylesford, informing the Council that the Minister for Bail ways had intimated that lie "would receive the deputation from Daylesford, Woodend, JSewiiam, Tylden, Trenthani, Barry's Reef (Blackwood), on Thursday, the 13th, on the subject of the propose4 liąę of railway, in which the population of those localities grę interested, and urging the importance of the Council Ijejflg represented at the deputation, and of doing all in its pQ^ej- $o further the object in view.—Eeceived. ' Erom J. C. Levey, secretary, for the .Commissiofief?, Victoria Philadelphia Exhibition, noti fying that łię ffM about to visit Kyneton on business connected iłfp Exhibition, and asking for use of roon^ in the Shire' Hp)^ on Saturday, 2?»4 W?tant, to meet exhibitors.— Received. • • ' Prom E. Anderson, hon. "secretary Baptist Church, drawing attention to the fact that one of the contractors (Mr Healy) bad laid down and was breaking a quantity of metal beside their fence.-«-JJefenred to the surveyor to take action. Ron* Patriofe J^gerald, .drawing attention to the necessity of waking a plopg the road betyeęn a neighbor's and Mr Fleming's property, the water flowing across into his paddock,,which would destroy hiscjjip. He therefore suggested the mating ,of Ji drain by himself with, assistance from the CounciL—Received. . j \- Ttom G. J. Sands, calling attention to a mis- i take ią.fhe rating of liis property in Mollison! Street^Becelr^d,. , Prom W. Bicfeey, giving notice of - the necessity of .about SO chunk of drain toeing cyt ojithe road between'the culverts near the properties of present damsras insufficient.—Leceived. • : ' ' - '. From Jaines Byan, JameB Dullard, JSdmond drawing attention to grievance in reference to the notice requiring them to rem 3ve their fences. —Referred to the surveyor. Prom W. Buckley, requesting extension of' time 1 forcontract purposes.—Received. From -William Spain, requesting reduction of .rating on grass land, oil -which his house had been destroyed by Are.—^Received. From Sarah Tibbies, requesting remission of rates.—Granted, the case being an exceptional one!- " - " ' From Mary Rogers, making similar application.—Cr Jarrett said he believed this poor woman-was almost supported by the aid of the Kyneton Benevolent Society, and therefore der served consideration.—Received. From Mr Parker, hon. secretary Ladies 1 Benevolent Society, bringing under notice the case of Mrs M*Mahon, with a view to a remission of thei charge for rates.—Cr Carolin said he thought this a case in which the rates might be remitted. From James Brown, as follows :—" Messrs President and Gentlemen,—I and my witness think we are entitled to our expenses for loss of time in convicting Thomas Fallon ol sly grog selling. We lost two half days each, and if you don't think we should get all the fine, we hope you will allow as liberal pay as other councils are giving—£10, in addition to fines. Bear in mind the above was a very gross case. I have been informed that he has joyfully expressed himself as having taken £18 in one day for nobblers." At the foot of itr Brown's epistle wm pasted on an advertisement from one of the Melbourne papers, as follows :—" Wanted men at Morang to put down sly grog selling. Ten pounds on conviction." r Surprise was expressed that such a letter should be sent to the Council, and it was moved , that no notice be taken of it. Cr Symington thought it was time to put down sly grog selling. The letter was received. From James Brown, as follows:—"Piper Street, near the will, has this day been swarming with «heep ; oftener uuwatched than tsnded, destroying footpaths, and making more pitfalls for anybody—more especially strangers aud sly grog drinkers—to break leg or neck. One lot of about a thousand had a fine time of it, enjoying themselves in the middle of the street, and not a spectre of an inspector to warm up their happy owner could be seen. What a change in a few short days ! Then if a ghost of a goat had dared show its shadow, the machinery of Her Majesty's British Victorian Government would have been set in motion, regardless of the expense of the dying orphan who perished for want of nannie's milk, that her poor dying mother was unable to buy. All the time the butcher rolls in wealth and fat. O, Lord, save our bad footpaths. Abate the nuisance, and oblige one of your best ratepayers.—Received, to be referred to the inspector. From Edward Hynes, stating that having been unavoidably compelled, through a family bereavement, to leave Kyneton unexpectedly, and having authorised Mr O'Donnell, carter, of Mollison Street, to do the work, he requested the Council would pay him.—Received, and to be attended to. From fe Railways and Roads Department, forwarding account of £680 lis, for construction of Tylden portion of Blue Mountain main road for signature.—Received. From G. M'Pheraon, in reference to his contract for supplying maintenance metal for Lauriston main road.—Received, the Council being satisfied with the surveyor's measurement, beyond which they could not go. From George Iiarer, asking the Council to be good enough to refund amount expended for repairs on the corduroy road, James's Lane.— Received. From the Borongh of Malmsbury Council with reference to the proposed expenditure of the sum of £40 upon the boundary road from Windmill bridge to the old Galway Arms, stating that the Council were favorable to the proposed works being done upon the road in question.—Received. From the Town Clerk's office, Malmsbury, respecting the destruction of fish in the Malmsbury reservoir, stating what steps had been taken to protect the fish.—Received. From the Survey office, Castlemaine, stating that a special Board had been appointed to be held to investigate the complaints made by the Metcalfe Shire Council, against the management of the Common by the Kyneton Shire CounciL The President explained that the Board had sat and what action had been taken—That the management of the Commons be vested in the Kynetonshire CounciL (The particulars have already been published.) From the General Post Office Melbourne, stating that the application for a person to wind up and attend to the dock at the post office was under consideration.—Received. From the Government Statist, requesting particulars of properties rated at £25 to £100, £100 to £150, £150 to £200, and £200 upwards.—To be furnished. From the Lands and Survey, notifying that a Local Land Board would be held in Kyneton on June 24.—Received. From the Railways and Roads Department forwarding a bill to provide for differential rating in municipalities.—Received. From W. and J. Brockett and others, owners and occupiers of land in Hutton street, between Wedge-street and the Campaspe Present, drawing attention to the immense current of storm-water brought down the north side of the street, from an area extending over.to Wedge, Yaldwin, Powlett, and Ebden-street, and to the necessity of a channel being cut and laid down from Wedge street to the end of the footpath (about three chains) in Hutton street, to the end of the footpath in Mollison street, to confine and run off the water, which now ran over and damaged the roadway in the softer places. The letter set forth further, that about half a chain more of the footpath required attention. Attention was drawn to the lamp not having been lighted at the intersection of the streets for weeks past. It was resolved that the petition be received, and that the matter of the defective lamp be brought under the notice of the Secretary of the Gas Company. Accounts of various amounts were ordered to to be paid to Wm. Orams, Thomas Kirk, James M'Cauley, J. Smith, Timothy Walsh, ®. Hughes R. Rogers, Evans Bros., M K. Armstrong, Gas Company, <£c. COLLECTOR, &C.; A report from Mr Rogers, collector, was read showing the amount of £18 collected. . " \- With reference to Mr feogers was read the following report,. signed by the President as Chairman of Committee :— Wf> the uudensigned, members of committee appointed to consider the claim of Mr Rogers, rate 'collector, &c.;, for extra work done by him during the past year of office, and to vary the terms of agreement and the salary under the present appointment, recommend that he be paid the sum (£10) in full of all extra duties performed by Mm during the past year; that he be relieved of the duties attached to the office of revenue for the L. and E. and S. T. Ridings; that be collect eray week from the toll-keepers on -the Blue Mountain -main road,' the tolls received thereat, and pay over the sum to ihe treasurer ofthe shire ; pnd that he shall devote .the whole óf lis time (Sundays and holidays excepted) to |he execution the .several duties attached to the various offipe» which he holds under the Clouncil, and in consideration of ffhlah he Ehall be repaid an extra ' sum of £20 per annum, in addition to liis present salary, and a fee of 10s. per. month for oojlection of 'market does. But ne shall not be entitled to receive any fines or moiety of'fines. The President said that undęr thenew arrangement the whole of the time of thiB officer would , have to be devoted to liis dutieB. He would be paid a sajary, and all the fines would go to the Council. Cr Hogan moved that the report be received and taken into ęansiieratiiai at* gabuequent \- " ' 3?he Surveyor reported—(1) The Inspecting Road Engineer had examined and passel the works -on theBIue Mountain Main road, Lsuriston. (2) In forming a temporary footpath near Handwick's, in Taldwin street, East, to give access to main street. I recommend that the path be made across Yaldrein street east, towards Jacobs, at Read's Corner. The footpath in Piper street east, requires sand, and .a few loads of metal would be required to repair crossing over the street at end of Mair street. The' cost from £10 to£12. (3) If it is intended to make" a permanent work in Ebden 'street, south of the Post office Creek Bridge, ihe street should be kerbed and clianelled from Mitchell street to Wedge Street. The length about 10 chains, cost about £110. A culvert should be putin at the same time', and end of street fronting Post Ofice Creik formed to join Ebden street. The smill gully down the side of Ebden street should in the meantime be filled with quarry stuff to prevent accidents. (4) Tenders have not been called for the portion of road at Trenthani which wa* to be formed by the Council, and metall«d by Mr Lyon. Cutting and forming at this season would have mule the road worse for traffic. For the present Mr Lyon will put on some gravel to fill holes, and I would recommend the council to have the water tables roughly formed to keep the water from the centre of the road. (5) At the contract for cutting at Jack's Gully for which tenders are called, the quantity of earth is 2250 cubic yards viz., TOO in east side, and 1550 in the west side. If the whole is not done, the portion on the west side should be done, as it is the most dangerous part of the road. Ori Walsh's contract for metal on the Blue Mountain Main road there are about 40 yards surplus metal which I have certified for ; on Mr Go\igan's contract on Govett's road there are about 68 yards of metal over. Will this metal be btoken f The report was considered sereatim, and the items as read agreed to. TENDEES. The following tenders were accepted. 33\. Works aid repairs at Cattle Yarćs.—Philip Charles. 35\. Boadmaking, Central Edgecombe Road.— James Hogau. 36. Boadmaking, M'Gregor's Road.—Bryant Eelly. 38\. Roadmaking on Ryan's Road, Carlsruhe.— P. Crawford. 3 Carlsruhe.— Philip Charles. 40\. Roadmaking, &c.;, Watson's Boad, Tylden. —P. Charles, at schedule prices. 41\. Boadmaking, Eastern Tylden BouL—M. Crowe. 42\. Roadmaking, Darby's and Yeamaa's Road. —P. M'Hugh. 43\. Supplying Sawn Timber for repairs.—George Laver. 44\. Repairs to Bridge at Glue-pot, Tylden.— None accepted. 45\. Spreading Metal, and Maintaining Blue Mountain Alain Road. —-J. Ogden. 4(5. Spreading Metal, and Maintaining Blue Mountain Main Road.—Henry Lovett. 47\. Spreading Metal, and Maintaining Blue Mountain Main Boad.—John Quinlai;. 4S. Cutting, &C.;, at Jack's Gully, Woodend.— 51\. Spreading and breaking Spalls on Sjiringhill, and Lauriston Road.—E. WaŁL CARLSBCHE FLAT. On the motion of Cr Campbell, seconded by Cr Hogan, it was decided that a sum of £5 should be expended on road near Carlsruhe Flat. Cr Campbell (in the absence of Cr Symington) moved that the sum of £50 be expended on roadmaking near Darby's garden, and on Darby's road to Carlsruhe.—Carried. Cr Johnston moved that six chains of Hughes' and Brereton's road, near Hugh Milvain's gate, be metalled.—Carried. Cr Pearson moved that that part of the motion passed by the Council on 24th June, 1865, authorising the secretary to affix the common seal of the Council to all receipts for rates be rescinded. Cr Hogan seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr Braithwaite .moved that Inspector Roger's agreement be so varied as to comply with his present duties.—Carried. Cr Campbell seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr Pearson moved that tenders be called for eight chains of road-making at Rennick's Hill — Carried. Cr Campbell moved (for Cr Symington) that £30 each be expended in purchasing timber for covering culverts in the Carlsruhe, Lauriston and Edgecombe, and Tylden and Trentham riddings. ' Cr Dwyer seconded the motion, which was carried.' Cr Dwyer moved that tenders be called for planking the Glue Pot bridge, near Crowe's. Cr Hogan seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr Braithwaite moved that tenders be called for spreading metal on the Lauriston Main-road, where required. Cr Johnson seconded the motion, which was carried- Cr Carolin moved that £5 be expended in repairs to Barlow, street on west side. Cr Jarrett seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr Carolin moved that £5 be expended on the boundaty road of Epping's, near M'Hughes. Cr Jarrett seconded the mation, which was carried. LAMPS AT BRIDGE. Cr Braithwaite drew attention to the necessity of supplying lamps at the bridge. The Secretary was directed to write to the Gas company on the subject, to ascertain cost, two lamps being .necessary on the west side. FINANCIAL QUESTION. Cr Pearson moved that the Secretary be instructed to bring up a report by next meeting as to the position of the Council in reference to their finances. Cr Jarrett seconded the motion, which was carried. HUTTON-STREET. On the motion of Cr Carolin the Surveyor was directed to report on the state of Hutton-street with a view to better drainage. ' BLUE MOUNTAIN JCAIN ftOAD. Cr Pearson moved that tenders be invited for keeping in repair for a period of six months that newly made portion of the Main . Bine Mountain road, between Bickiey'a and the township of Trentham, and for spreading metal between new- made road, Kos. 2and 12. Cr Hogan seconded the motion, which was carried. SHIRE OFFICES. The President said he intended to withdraw the notice of motion standing in his name "That the motion passed at a special meeting of the Council, on the 20th Maroh,1875, allotting the sum of £400 for the erection of shire offices at the comer of Piper and Ebden Streets, be rescinded." Cr Carolin presumed the President would not withdraw the motion without the consent of the Council The President said he should call on the next motion. Cr Carolin begged to move that this motion be proceeded with, and that leave be not riven to withdraw it The President-I think it is very foolish. . -Or Carolin—i do a .great many foolish "things, to ^ ke one of thrinf The President—This -u not a full councŁ Cr Carolin moved that permission to withdraw be not given, bu^^PMi-"WedtLould prbcerf to the next Or Johnson -seconded, the motion of Cr Carolin. - , ., _ : — t h i s , and should request .the secretary ' to take dowithe the words, that leave lie not given. •'-•-' Cr Caxolm wished the motion read, and that No. 12 motion be proceeded with. The President was not ^ Ł " " " The President said he would not proreeT^, the motion. "I Cr Johnson asked, wfere they, ^hen a I dummies ? If the President was to be a'JN 2 to carry on business in that discreditable ir he, for one, did not intqad to put up Wlfj° Ilet He did not come there to be made a fool 0f n had sat in higher assemblies than that. Cr Campbell repudiated the reference ".dummies." .. «> Cr Johnson said the President was on] councillor, but he sat there like an arbitrato/i' ' Cr Campbell rose as if about to table". Cr Carolin said the question of the eir,™j;i of this £400 was a matter of importance hhi been duly allocated, and it should be expend j for the specific purpose for which it was nlaoJ aside. Members were not to he played fast loose with. He moved that the sum o{ S allocated for shire offices be be expended in,v erection of such offices, and that tenders be callS for work. ™ The President said he had told Cr Carolin b fore that there were certain courses to pm. 6 before that could be done. There were certa" 6 motions to rescind. If that were questioned^ was willing to take counsel's opinion on thp point as to whether his ruling was correct. Cr Carolin asked what resolution it ti( required to be rescinded ? He thought that a public man the President was not dealing f^y 3 by them on that question. A majority of that Council were, and had expressed themselves in favor of erecting market sheds as the neucleui of a market; but the President interposed hia authority, and set up his will against them. Th President had said over and over again there no-necessity for a market in his allusions to this matter. Cr Campbell—There is nothing before the e Council. Cr Carolin—Yes, there is. There is a Coo(i deal before the Council—there is the Presit'i conduct before the CounciL He always had acted courteously towards the chair but for a President to become a partizan, was au abuse of his position. The President was not placed there to prevent persons from carrying out their legitimate duties. That would be disgraceful H« did not know how the President liked to occupy such a position. He should be very som-tó occupy it himself. Surely the President did not mean to say for a single moment that theT were coming there time after time to be told by that they knew nothing ? He for one iras not going to endure that sort of thing. He declared that the Council ought to proceed with the eipenditure of the £400 allocated for shire offices at once. The President's conduct was and had been all through in reference to that question most despotic ; no sensible person could stand ii very long. He felt strongly on the matter. Cr Campbell—There is no business before the Council and we are not going to stop hereto hear the eloquence of Cr Carolin. The President—It has neverbeen decided that the market shall be established. Cr Carolin—Have you a dictionary i The President—This is the first time on record that permission has been refused to withdras a motion. Cr Carolin—I cannot stand this. The President—I rule the motion out of order. Cr Carolin—Will you take a motion to suspa j the by-laws 1 He said he was not going to aliow this matter to pass, and would insist on tie President's ruling being placed on record. The President—If you give notice for the erection of these buildings, it will be necessary to give notice of motion for the expenditure. Cr Carolin said the President was not acta; fairly in this matter, and asked for some minutes of previous meetings. Some further remarks were made and tha President, in a most undignified manner, rose without intimation, and left the room, soon followed by Cr Campbell. When near the door the President was heard to say, in reply to a r-:- mark about his leaving, that he was only doing what Cr Carolin had done at the previous meeting. Cr Johnson declared that if these were tie tactics to be employed, it would be a mere farue to hold Council meetings. It was then discovered that there iras w quorum. This being the case the Council brake up without arriving at any definite decision. 