Brhbane. [PROM OUlt OWN COnitESI'ONUE-VI'.] Uv thc Florence Irving on Monday night two Qitcenslandcrs of some distinction arrived from Eurorc. One was Mr. Joshua I*. Bell, M.L.A., who has been greatly missed from his accustomed seat in Parliament during thc current cession, and whose return has been warmly welcomed bj' his colleagues and friends. Mr. Bell is a gentleman of so genial and kindly a disposition, and of sn much moderation and liberality of opinion, that be is a source of considerable strength to his party. He is perhaps somewhat wanting in that unflagging industry which is essential to a successful politician ; but long experience ill public life and the possession of ample means enable him to exercise a very important influence in political matters. The members of Mr. Palmer's late Ministry are now all in their places again, and it is some comfort to people careless of party and only anxious for good government, to know that the honour aud integrity of thu ex-Ministers collectively and severally remains unsullied, and that did thc necessit}- arise, they could resume harness nt once with satisfaction to the country. This fact is really a solid guarantee for the Hatisfactory conduct of thc public affairs, for if anything could prevent tho Ministry from straying too far from the path of rectitude, it would bc thc conscious- ness that they arc tho mere creatures nf thc hour, nnd by nu means indispensable to tho good government of tho country. It is ru- moured, that pending a general election, M r. Dell would not he desirous of taking ellice j but I bare little doubt that lie would rally to thc support of his chief, did circumstances render such a step necessary. The other arrival from Europe is Mr. llnndall Macdonnell, the Ci encrai Inspector of the Education Board. This gentleman has en- joyed a pleasant furlough at tile public e.i pcusc, and will, it may bc hoped, resume his official labours with renewed vigour, and with less disposition to secretly favour prcïatic assumption than bc furmerly evinced. Whili on this joint, I may mention that tho second resiling of the Education Hill comes on in the Legislative Assembly to-day, and that covert insinuations arc being scattered abroad nf treason in thc Denominational camp. 1 am informed that no less than eix members of tho Assembly were induced tn compromise themselves at the lost general election by giving written undertakings to preserve tho non-vested schools. These undertakings arc now held by Bishop O/iiinii, and certain hon. members aie said tu bc sorely exercised by rumoured threats of pub- lication should their voting not be in accord- ance with tbescawkvvard elect innccring pledges. One of tho most sorely tried members is thc Premier himself, who is wTcll known to have won bia hare majority hy pledging himself in some way to thc Hornau Catholic Bishop. It is declared, on thc one hand, that the name of " Arthur Macalister *' is attached to one of thu undertakings hereinbefore referred to. On thc other hand, it ÍB deemed that thc astuto gentleman gave no kind of pledge in writing on tho subject. Which assertion to believe I know uut. but certain it is that the Premier of tho colony, uotwitlistauding his Presbyterian education and Protestant instincts, has morally or mentally fallen int« thc clutches nf Ur. Quinn. But Providence is merciful in Mr. Mr-cnlister's case, for the bon. gentleman is temporarily laid aside by ail alludive dispensation just at thc time when thc Statu Education Bill of his Riu'cruurent comes on for discussion. What thc end will be 1 can hardly venturo to predict, but it is authoritatively stated that in thc event of the Education Bill becoming law, the whole power nf thc Catholic Church »ill bc put ju motion to effect its early repeal, and at thc next general election thc education question will be made tltc tust hy which every candidate will ; staud or fall. There will, wu are told, lie such organisation as few persons outside the pale nf the Catholic Church have any conception I of. lt ie further declare«! that no question which ever came before the country cxeited thc violent parly spirit which may bc antici- pated if secular, free, aud compulsory education become thc law of thc land. It may bc Imped, however, that such a cahiiuity will not befall tho colony. Out of the forty-two members who compose our Legis- lative Assembly, only nw is distinguished as au exponent of thc clerical wishes and opinions nf thc Unman Catholic Church. Tjie hon. tho Speaker is a, violent opponent ot State Edu- cation in any shape, hut curiously enough jg also un ardent tuippniLcr nf Slate aid lo sectarian schools. A few other members will respect their electioneering pledges by roting that things shall remain .os they arc, but thc iulclligeuce, thu cuUiusiaüui, aud thc over wheliningmajoritynre ranked ort the side of the secularists. From wbnt I can gleau of thc relative strengt h cf parties in thc elective branch of thc Legislature, dcnouiiuatinualism has not thc ghost of a chance. The with- drawal of Mr. Fitzgerald and thc pensioning of Mr. M'Dentt have left Mr. Macrossan alone in his courageous hut ill-starred attempt to prop up n manifestly doomed system. The proceedings in thc Legislative Assembly yesterday were not of very great interest, although the strangers' gallery was occupied in unusual force. Notices were tabled hy several members, one being of thc introduction of a bill by Mr. Dickson to protect works of art by a copyright law. Another was for the second reading to-morrow week of the Rock- hampton Waterworks Bill, tn which, I understand, your member anticipates no objection, thc Select Committee having re- ported in its favour, and it being, in point of fact, only au adaptation of thc Brisbane Waterworks Act to Rockhampton. It now Bccins to bc understood that each town pro- vided with waterworks will have to proi.ure its own Act, a general measure having been doomed inadvisable, In reply to Mr. Bailey, Mr. King said suitahlo foundations had been obtained for thc cylinders of thc Oxley Railway Bridge, and that thc cost of thc structure is still estimated to be £4!>,fl30. This answer, it is alleged, is "all moonshine," the cost of thc bridge ticing as yet unknown, and £(¡0,000 or £70,000 being confidently named as nearer the actual expense it will entail. Some papers having been laid on the table, the Census Bill, the Native Industries Act Repealing Bill, and the Brisbane Drainage Bill were coeh read a third time and passed. On thc motion of Mr. Hemmant, that the House go into Committee of Supply, Mr. Ivory complained that certain returns as to land selections, ordered by the House on his motion, had not been furnished. This lol to a debate, in which Ministers gave explanations and promised to produce the information as carly as practicable. The House then went into Committee, and passed the following amounts without dis- cussion :-Salaries nod contingencies in con- nection with the Governor's Department, £1814 ; Executive Council, £589 ; Legislative Council, £3375 ; legislative Assembly, £3035 ; Parliamentary contingencies, £2452. Mr. Hemmant then moved some items in thc Colonial .Secretary's department, but being informed by Mr. Palmer that ho would not he allowed to proceed with them in the absence of Mr. Macalister, Mr. Griffith took up the running hy moving certain items in the Attorney-General's department, being salaries mid allowances to the Law Officers of the Crown, amounting tn £2275. Included in this vas an item of £300 for drafting hills, on which Mr, Thompson desirod information. This question Mr. (Griffith evaded, and Mr. Hemmant being also drawn failed to give thc desired information. The question being pressed Mr. King said that each Minister called in such professional assistance ns he deemed necessary. The Works Department, had with one oxception drafted ile own hills. Tho exception was the Con- tinental Railway Bill, on which Mr. Mein had been employed. (Laughter.) In reply to further remarks, Mr. Hemmant said that although Mr. Mein was the Premier's partner, he had done this bill drafting on his private account. Mr. Palmer created some amuse- ment by expressing the opinion, from personal knowledge of tho Premier, that he did not allow Mr. Mein the whole profit of the work. Mr. Griffith being again brought up by some pungent observations, still fenced with thc Question, on which Mr. Morehead rose and enounced the transaction as indecent, He did not impute incapacity to Mr. Mein, but urged that, ho being tho Premier's partner, some other gentleman should bc employed. Mr. Douglas rose in defence of Mr. Mein, who, he said, bad lost practice through his partner being the Premier of the colony.. This evoked fresh recrimination, on the ground that tho House was substantially asked to voto £300 for bill drafting as compensation to the Premier's partner. Ultimately, after a good deal of "toiture" inflicted upon Ministers, thc items were passed. Mr. Griffith next moved items amounting to £01(i8, expenses of the Supreme Court at IJiisbane ann Bowen. This excited a rather lively discussion as to thc intentions nf thc Government, Mr. Palmer stating that the Premier had intimated to a deputation Inst year that thc head-quarters of tho Northern Court should be removed from Bowen. In thu absence of tbe Premier, he (Mr. Polmer) objected to vote these items. Mr. Griffith pointed out that Bowen was fixed as the head quarters by statute. Mr. Hodgkinson per- sonally was an advocate of Bowen ns the seat of thc Court ; but he knew that, with tho exception nf thc inhabitants of that town, thc "populace " of the north were entirely opposed to it, and for that reason it would he his duty to support tho alteration. Tho Opposition still objecting, Mr. Griffith postponed these items, and moved items amounting to £7715 for District Courts. He ciplairiccl that thc vote had been increased hy the necessity of providing a substitute for Judge Blakcucy, who through illness had been incapacitated for duty for moro than twelve months. Mr. Palmer thought Judge ISlakcney had been treated harshly, and recommended a short bill to give pensions to worn-out judges. Mr. Buzacott twice called attention to thc unsatis- factory state of affairs in tho Northern District Court. The Courts wero nearly always behind time. The .ludgo had been suffering from ill healtb, and bad not for some time resided within his circuit, which had been a great in- convenience to thc inhabitants. Mr. Griffith said that one of thc principal reasons for thc alteration proposed in this matter was that thc District Court Judge tnight be enabled to reside at Rockhampton, lie also intimated that tho intention was to have thc bead quarters of thu three District Court Judges respectively at Brisbane, Rockhampton, and Townsville, but the illness of Judge Blakcucy was thc obstacle to a re arrangement. Tho items were then passed. On Mr. Griffith moving items amounting to £1024 expenses of carrying nut the new Insol- vency Act at Brisbane and Bowen, Mr. More- head complained of the scandalous adminis- tration of intestate estates which occurred nt present. Mr. Stewart suggested that the curator should bc paid a fi xed salary, and not by commission. Mr. Griffith promised t ogivecarly attention to thc matter. Mr. Buzacott said thc nc«' Insolvency Hill had been accepted from the Attorney-General as a measure tending toward decentralisation ; hut, so far, not a single estate had been wound up under it outside Brisbane, and he had been told, in regard to a certain estate in which all thc creditors wcro local, that were the winding lip conducted at Rockhampton, instead of at Brisbane, it would bc equally expensive and moro inconvenient. Mr. Stewart said that the working of thu Act was much hampered by a very large number of rules, which, if they wore in accordance with the spirit of thc statute, were certainly, in some instances, not iu unison with it. Mr. Griffith eaid he did not sec bow it could bc said that it would bc as expensive to apply thc Act at Rock- hampton as at Brisbane ta persons living at thc former place, when tbs experiment had not boca tried. Thc Aßt was intended to have a decentralising effect, and contained facilities for conducting tile business outside of Brisbane ; bat because those facilities were not taken advantage of, it was certainly rather unfair to say that the system was not working well. Mr. Ivory agreed that the Act was hampered with a number of regulations, and thought thc sooner Parliament put a stop to this system of making rules the better. Thc items were put and passed. On thc item of £1000 being moved os fees for burials, coroners' inquiries, etc., a dis- cussion arosoos tn the unnecessary expense incurred in holding unnecessary inquiries in fawns, whereas often cases occurred in thc bush in which no inquiry wac held, although tho circuinstancos were suspicious. It was stated by several members that the (ces paid to police magistrates and surgeons were tho cause of the abuse, and the sugges- tion was made that a. circular be addressed to j «U the police raagistraltt, ol [tko colony on llicl subject. It appeared that tba fees were payable under thc statute, and ultimately tbs motion was passed. Mr. Hemmant tbcu mored £38n5 for the Treasury Department. Mr. Thompson urged that the Stamp Duty on mortgages should bo abolished, it being a tax nu enterprise or on mis- fortune. Mr. Hemmant pleaded poverty, but promised to ascertain thc amount produced hy thc tax on mortgages. Mr. Walsh also urged thc impolicy of thc tax an releasing mortgages, in which ho was supported by Mr. l'abncr, who said it was mischievous ns preventing tho relcnsiugof mortgages, aud thus conveying a false impression nf thc indebtedness of tho people of the colony. Mr. Douglas urged tho necessity nf making provision for impressing stamps at Maryborough and other towns, if only from a rcvenne point of view. To this Mr. Hemmant not replying, Messrs. Buzacott and firaham pressed the matter, on which Mr. Hemmant said there would bo no objec- tion to sell stamp paper in thc northern towns, i but there could he no proper check imposed I upon the issue of impressed stamps. Further i discussion followed, in which Mr. Palmer I suggested that a check might be provided hy ! thc Sub-collector and Police Magistrate being . authorised jointly to impress stamps in each ; other's presence. Thc whole of thc Customs ! estimates were then passed seriatim with very little discussion. Mr. Hemmant then moved I certain items, being the cost of thc Border i Customs Patrol, on which at the request of j Mr. Palmer supported by Mr Douglas, pro- ceedings in Supply terminated ? with the I understanding that thc Committee should ' resume on Tuesday next. Tho House1 » adjourned at half-past ten. Brisbane, June 23, 1875. i , 