FIFTY YEAIRS PRiOG??K IX1 TELEGRAPII Y. (Tinmes, Jat. 4.) Few things in our da:y have, experi enced such rapid development a':± the Electric Teleeraph. It is true that nearly 2,000 yenrs ago the kee'n-sizhtcd inquisitive :reeks had ::et about to in quire into the .Iource of that narsellous power which we call electricity, lnd it is equally tr true that this invisible force must have existel a long time prior to the inquiries of the-e ancient (.re-'ke. But the practical applicati,.n of it. as it exists in our day, is a thing of com paratirely recent origin-so recent. in deed, that many of the early disciples of Electric Teleguriphy have lived to witness the realization of all their hopes, and more. As early as the year 1600 the subject of electricity and magnet ism began to engage the attention of thinking men in England and through out Europe; and to this period belongs the Latin treatise of Dr Gilbert, of Colchester, which may he said to have been the first really practical work on the subject. Then followed the dis coveries of Stephen Gray, a pensioner of the Charterhouse, Du Faye, Frank lin, Galvani, Volta, Sir Humphrey Davy, fit ter of Munich, Oersted, the celebrated Danish philosopher, Arago, Sturgeon, ani Faraday. These, how ever, had all laboured more or less in the higher field of electrical science; although, as a matter of course, their labours tended in no small degree to bring about the consummation which very speedily followed the important discoveries of Faraday about the year 1830\. Prior to this-viz., in 1753 one Charles" lon-rion. described in the Scots' Jlagraine, under the initials "0. M.," his so-called "Expeditious Method of Conveying Intelligence ;" but although his system may be said to have contained the germ of that now in use, it was so costly and so little " ex peditious" that it required a separate wire for each letter of the alphabet, and practically a separate iappiaratus fori each wire. M[orrisoon's plan was repro duced some 20 years later-in 1774 by one Le Sage, a Frenchman, who submitted it to Frederick of Prussia as an original method of Electric Tele graphy. But it soon dropped out of notice, both in this country and abroad ; and, as is well known, the first really practical telegraphs belong to the year 1837, when lM"essrs. Cooke and Wheat stone took out their first patent. The subsequent history of the Elec tric Telegraph need not be dealt with f herie, except so far as it derives addi- t tional interest from the perusal of a f somewhat curious work published about it 15 years prior to the inventions of Messrs. Cooke and Wheatstone, which tl probably attracted little notice at the si time, and has long since been forgotten. a In 1823-just 50 years ago-Francis as Ronalda, of Hammersmith, whose la bours in the cause of Electric Tele- I graphy were as ardent and persevering us as they proved disheartening andt un- G profitable, published for private circu- ti lation a little work entitled " Descrip- tl tions of an Electric Telegraph," which 11 it is interesting and instructive to read in the light of what has been achieved li in regard to telegraphic communication during the past half- century. Mr ri Ronalds appears to h]ave been the first tl to make the experirent, on any great in scale, of sending a current of elec- a tricity through an terial wire, which he fit c.ected on a "lawn or grass plot" near y his residence at Hammersmith. Of at coul-se, it was impossible to erect any h, great length of single continuous wire t ini such a situation; but Mlr Ronalds , very ingeniously surtnounted this diffi- t culty.by erecting two wooden frames, 4 placed'at a distance of 20 yards from 2 each other, each frame being traversed by 19 horizontal bars, and each liar having 37 hooks friom which depended silken cords, supporting and also insu Iting a small iron wire. This wire, it w hich made its inflections at the points p of support, composed in one continuous t length a distance of rather more than eight miles; and when it was chargedrl from a Leyden jar, and the shock passed o through two insulated inflammable air 01 pistols, the result was, in Mr Ronalds' fl own expressive way of describing it, tl that " three of the senses-viz., sight, c feeling, and hearing-seemed to receive t absolute conviction of the instantaneous transmission of electric signs." We h need not follow Mr Ronalds through c his detailed account of the experimont ; d but the impression which it seems to have made oh his minul, although re corded in somewhao t crude and homely language, is renrstkable as foreshadow ing very closely indeed what has come to pass since then. He says :-" The result seemed to be that that most ex- t traordinary fluid, or agency, electricity, may actually be employed for a more practically usofil purpose than the gra tification of tihe philosopher's inquisitive I research, the schoolboy's idle' amuse nient, or thephysieinn's tool; that it may be compelled to travel as many'hlundred miles beneath our feet as the subteria nepn ghost which nightly haunts our me tropolis, our provincial towns, and even our- high roads; and that in such an enlightenedl country and obacuro climato I ah this its trvels would be prodlctive I of, at the leost, ns much public and private henefit." · Vlhy,," hlie asks, "has no serious trial yet beeri made of I the: qualifications of so drliligenit a couriqr ? And if he should be proved competent to the task, why shoultd not our Kings hold councils at Brighton r with their Ministers in London 1 Why h shbnld not our Government govern at fi Poittsnouth almost as promptly as in Doi'niig.-sat'eetl ? Why should our de faultors escape by default of our foggy b climate? and, since n our piteous inns- l ,morati are not altl Alphei, why shonld S they add to the torments of absence tv those dilatory tounnuontors; pens, ink, A paper, andl po:t'? Loe t us ha]r oleetoril fi conrCrsazhnE otlIces, communitcating " wilth each otlir all over thie kingdom, if. we can." It would lhardly be pos- im sible at the p,'setit dtay to describe dr more accurately the lprogreSo of Electric th Telegrsaphy than in these characteristic sentences of Mr Ronald;. \We have "electrical conveyrsaicne offices" all over the kingdom. The wires which practically connect RL'lmoral, Windsor, and Osborne with Downing-street en able Her 3Majesty to " hold councils with her Ministers in London" at any momsnent ; and the extensive system of Admiralty and War Office telegraphs enables the Government to " govern at Portsmouth" (and many places besides) "as promptly as in Downing-street." One of the very first acts of the very earliest telegraph was the capture oT Tawell, the Qur.l:er murderer ; and the curious ramification of police telegraphy in London, if not an absolute protection against our "foggy climate," is at least a terror to those who might otherwise elude the grasp of the law. As for our "piteous innamorati," it is perfectly well known that they use the wires as freely as most people, and that "love telegram." are gradually taking the place of " love letters." But, besides foreshadowing many of the uses of the telegraph, Mr Ronalds has placed on record in his homely treatise many practical suggestions as to its construction and maintenance which are actually being followed-un consciously, perhaps, for his is no text book of science-at the present day. His back garden at Hammersmith ap pears to have been the scene not only of one of the earliest serial telegraphs, but also of the first experiment with an underground line. He tells us that "a trench was dug in the gaurlen, 525 feet in length, and 4 feet deep. In this was laid a trough of wood, 2 inches square, well lined inside and out with pitch; and within this trough thick 'glass tubes were placed, through which the wire ran. The trough was then covered with pieces of wood, screwed upon it while the pitch was hot; they also, in turn, were well covered with pitch, and the earth then thrown into the trench again." 1Mr Ronalds goes on to describe his method of signalling through this experimentally perfect line; and also gives the outlines of ia " telegraphic dictionary," by means of which a word, or oven a whole sentence could be conveyed by only three dis charges of the wire in a mean space of 54 seconds. (To be concluded in our next.) 