PARISIAN GOSSIP. . {From our own Correspondent.] Paris. May 35. The dissolution is approached by short and easy stages. Byron liked to be parti cular in dates, but the Assembly does not ; ifc had not the courage to go further than pronouncing a ?' moral date' for its pro posed 7iicjacet^ So far so good. It is best not to look a gift horse in the mouth, and acceptance of the principle of immediate dissolution, as interpreted by decreeing; iihe cessation of the partial elections,* is a great -advance upon the period whe'n the legislators, in all the. pride, pomp, and circumstance of the anti-Thiers coalition, threatened to hold *-n for ever ; or later, when ? they proposed 'departing this ?- life Only with Marshal MacMahon. There is apparently ao ; desire to obstruct rthe general elections in -the autumn; all feel that when the event has to come off, -it were well that it were done quickly. So say we all of us. Real, necessary business only will be executed, and that at express speed No Chamber can surpass the French, in massaereing innocents or closing an unnecessary discussion. Happily, long speeches are not in favor at Ver sailles ; this -is a great redeeming virtue. The Ministry is apparently resolved -to maintain a masterly inactivity; such an attitude cuts both ways ', its position is very delicate, and the situation must be managed with great circumspection. -Thiers says of M. Buffet, the Uhief of the Cabinet; that he is going on excellently, only he' ought to put a little: morex-il in his Isalad: . ;-!; : ' '?:''.'? ?. ? ? ?-? ?'?'?- As the' French themselves cpicectly 4ivjnedj' the ' rumors of their -being at tackC'd by Germany, -without- giving ajny ' provocation, -: save;- their rapid restoration to political and material - good health, was all a bottle of smoke, straws thrown up to see how the wind was blowing. Nought -can make France; ruej if she to herself do prove but true. And the French comprehend per fectly their duties at the present moment both at home and abroad. The disarray, and the gyrations of the Imperialists, form the only distractions in home politics. They are allowed full liberty, if not licence, to mourn the hopes that leave them. By the election of M. John Lemoine, to the French Academy, journalism has received a great honor from the 'ImV mortals/' as all Lemoine's literary bag gage, consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles, more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts. He belongs to the best, and perhaps with two more exceptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in France— the rest are but leather .and prunella. His articles in the Debats, ever: dazzling, make the tour of the: world.: Then, they are always short leaders, cfvUvi-OiiJ. y uUUu« * i T t ** ??' ri ?iiiiii ? ? - Avugvu* and totally in opposition to the linked: .sweetness long drawn out of the like contributions in -the press of. other countries. M. Lemoine is about sixty years of age, middle height, and slender ; he is probably the least personally known: of all the publicists of France to Pari sians,- because he shuns display, and his birth and long residence in England have impressed upon him some of the severity of English manners. He speaks English fluently, and is the 'occasional cor respondent,'' aa was his predecessor, Prevast Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. He is said to think like an Englishman, bnt to write like a Frenchman. During the ' fusion epoch,' he was a fervent Royalist one day and a warm Republican the next. All this never injures in France ; it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. M. Le moine is a very high employe in the Rothschild establishment, presiding over the Department of Spanish Finances, which at no time ought to be a sinecure. Lemoine is not so original a writer as de Girardin. The latter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems not to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's duration. Talleyrand counselled to tell a lie, if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Emile de Girardin is said to be the illegitimate «on of Louis Philippe ; at all events, from being a waif and Btray of society in his infancy, he. has become a millionaire. He illustrates the French aphorism — ' Everything leads to literature — pro- vided you leave it.' He is still con nected with the press/ but rather com mercially than otherwise. He devotes most of his attention to the famous ? Lt Petit Journal, selling for a sous, and it is his hobby to try and bring its circulation up to what it attained under its original owners, MUland and the well-known Timothee Trimm. He sold La Liberte, once a fine .i property, but now only a shadow, - wiag to its Imperialist politics, to his nephew, and converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine ; de Girardin now scouts the doctrine of 'appeal to the people,' aid. I so far he is at harmony with Fran ie ; I the nephew's hair stands on end at this I chopping round, and he has just replied, by^printing'Bide by side 'Girardin's north and south pole opinions.: Gui bono — here? M. Jules Simon has, not been so for tunate at the academy, as the applicant for the fauteuil left vacant by the death of Guizot ; he was, however, as good as his rival Dumas, as neither having at tained the required number of votes, the election has been postponed for six months. This contest was the most exciting, as it was a trial of strength between political and religious parties. Dumas is a celebrated chemist, and is in addition a Bonapartist and Ultra montanist. Jules Simon, i3 neither one nor the other, but a distinguished publicist and a follower of Thiers. ,. The odds are in his favor, and Lemoine. will, vote for him. The weakness .still exists for unship ping grayen political images ; as if. the lumber rooms of the mayoralties were not ?already encumbered with the old busts of . ancient Sovereigns and former Republics, the municipality of Paris is to have its bus t of Our Lady of the Republic. Per haps this is intended as a slight set off to . the dispatch , of .engravings of Marshal MacMahon to be suspended in the Council Chambers throughout the land. The Marshal is best honored by allowing him to' keep the even tenor of his'way. The Paris municipality ..r are downright realists ; they regard the tomb of Abe lard and Heloise in Pere LaChaise Ceme-. tbry aa a myth,, and question an- outlay ^to rpawjre j,no uiuuumBniiS. ai ine rate ispe jworldis progressing notalegend willbeleft standing ; even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to. demolishing the : character of Napoleon I. as. set up. by Thiers. Napoleon III. is beneath demo-., lition. jn fact nothing is but what is. not. .. ? ? _ : .'. ; ... ' ' . . . .',' ? ? Russia being now the arbiter of Europe -r-what'axjhange within twenty, years— all : that concerns the Czar is interesting. Even before and since his romantic, marriage, he is subject, to fits of melan choly, and dreaminess; he likes to live for awhile absorbed in himself , to wander - in cloudland, and to feel emancipated, from the splendors which surround him. Northern nations are liable to these .fits of silence and seclusion^ and a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indica tion of .a love of peace. ..Men of iron and blood never dream; history makes -; no , mention that.r Bismarck devotes him self to such a luxury. But Alexander II. is not less a practical man ; he never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the simple pleasure. of parading. He first of all aims at the interest of his Empire, in the future as well asjn the. present, and all that does npt lead up to this, .leaves, him cold and indifferent. Be assured, where Russia can benefit shp.will hot hesitate to interfere, with the Word if/ necessary. ' Outsidejthis Russia ^ilLoniy afford a'rbenevolenifc, mediat^j ? bn.t(-npyer,. an , effective f assistance, V, ' -The .' iinraral,' hence, is,, that Prussia,, having np rn^te-, ' rial guarantee to offers the' Czar, there. Tieing no Black Sea treaty to tea^ up, -and the march Ijadiawarcfs: not being, pressing,, Russia will not' connive at, the: breaking of ..the peace of Europe.— QE^D. ?'- ? .:; ?.?;.??? ..'/..?;, People, though not Catholics, can ; admire the: Pope as a worthy old gentle-, man, and Catholics can venerate him without adopting his politics. Itisthus; that the celebration of the anniversary of his birthday was so respectfully ob served in Paris. Besides, the French will never go to war on behalf of his tem poral power. The . Queen of Spain,- who lost ner crown for him, ran up a bran new Spanish .flag on the day in question, and no one ever objected to her display of fidelity. : The tobacco question unites allsmokers, be their . political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of tobacco . in France is a Government mo nopoly, and a very remunerative one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, soutados or havanas, are all abused, like bad wea ther. To read the charter of complaints, the Government tobaccos would be nothing more than a compound of the Seven Capital Skis ; some, encouraged by the rumor that fragments . of tele graph posts and railway, sleepers have been found in it, do not despair of yet lighting upon the lost tribes. Abuse the French weed as may be, it can justly say' to that manufactured in neighboring countries — 'Stand aside; I am holier than thou.' The origin of the monopoly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of diamonds on a lady pre sent at the Court ball, was informed she; was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later an Imperial mandate was issued, decreeing the manufacture of tobacco to be a Government monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and reveals this tenderness of appreciation by becom ing more productive the more it is weighted with imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a pin; now it requires three years and' four months to make a pinch' of snuff, owing to the storages the raw and manu factured material has to undergo ; like wine and brandy, it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countries and districts, in stated proportions ; the democratic cigar, at 1 sous, is the product of no less than 10 different varieties of home and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians, the increase in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the aug mentation of the cases of insanity.: Hence the war against nicotine; It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness is that' containing the least percentage of' nicotine; for example, the Londres Cigar has but.l per cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the per fume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed, as eels to be skinned. The ease of a smoker being killed by. nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combustion. It requires no ghost to prove the rapid reviyal of trade and commerce in Palis. There is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of the season, as well as of warerooms devoted to new furniture, the latter of very beautiful and rare designs. In industrial art the French are becoming more and m -re incomparable. This re^ mark does not apply to pictures, which however,aTe-largely-produced,-like-razors, to sell to purchasers who base their .offers on the average price of room paper. A lady once observed to me 'A sure sign of prosperity of a people is not alone in the number of its milliner's shops, but in the variety of the shapes, &c;, exposed.' Judged by this standard, Paris must be the most thriving place in the world. A less sasthetical index is that daily before my eyes ; the number of barges and tugboats that ascend and descend the river laden with cargo . is double what it was last yBar. Thelilac has nearly gone ; a thing of beauty is not in every case a joy for ever. ;, To this succeeds those pretty flowers, -of young girls, dressed in; white, engaged in the duties, of confirmation ; they : are more numerous this year also. People perhaps are becoming : more devout ; jf so, so much the better.; or the population is increasing, which . also merits felicity. Not only. the races, but the -concerts in the Champs Elysees, are capital places for measuring the well-being of Paris. . Both, as the omnibuses signal, are au c&mplet.; The concert in-q uestion is still traditionally correct j no Wack sheep are ever allowed to enter there ; it is not that ladies are called upon to show their marriage certificates before being admitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whose judgment never fails in drawing the line between virtue and vice, and who has served his apprenticeship at the Jardin Mobille — the. best of diplomas. The annual fete of Jeanne d' Arc has been celebrated with all honors at Orioansj and the selected preacher demanded from his hearers, to -have only the simple faith of the Maid-^-for her country and /for her GocL; ; Something ought to -be, done to make the Bishop of the diocese ; move - more quickly in completing -, the pre-' liminaries for her canonization. Mgr. Dupanloup promises to be as tedious as the famous Constitutional Committee of 'thirty, $ he ought to ask leave; of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. ;;..?.. ' .? : - A warning to lovers who tneet alone/ but not by moonlight; ,. A. young man had-an; assignation with his. intended on the banks of the canal at St. Denis, and while discussing in walking the fixing of: the day for their marriage, the poor girl stumbled into the water, and was drowned ' before assistance, arrived. ' r . .'.,...-. \ Paris has an immigration from Belgium ? every February, lasting till May, of about 8,500 workmen. Their labor is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter to gether into hats. A good worker can gain 8 francs per day. ?. A new locomotive is patented ; it marches, not upon wheels, but upon : A bachelor, and rich, advertises that . he is weary dining alone, i and that he will gratuitously share, his daily '? bread with a gentleman producingthe evidence ?. of being cultivated, and : enjoying an in come of 50,003 francs a year.:^' ', 