OUR HOME LBTHR. [From our Special Corrvsoondent J London, {September &? We- an in a state of transit from ft damp, cheerless, and altogether uncomf ortable summer into a tolerable* sort of autumn. Th# railway* are doina a good tourist busiasss, especially to* northern lines, and the exodus to the Continent l- heavy. I am told that Balmoral is this year rather neglected, much to the satisfaction of Her Majesty and the Boyal household, who enjoy ike rare pleasure of being able tojitin Crauiie Church without being stored at. In fact, one of the illustrated weeklies has tamed the tables on the Court, and insinuates that Royal curiosity with respect to the domestic affairs of Braemar is growing inconveniently active. The Queen's visits to gflJies* wires and tea-drinking with them were proudly submitted to while they had the charm of npvelty, bat now some of the upper crust 'guidwives' begin to think that Royal faTOurs of that kind are being made rather cheap. Her Majesty, it is said, does more natation than the i parish minister, and enquires into a j great many thiBgs — cupboards Included — which his reverence dare not hint at. That may be only an Dl uatured Cockney way of viewing her interest in the domestic well-beirg of her neighbours, but she is certainly a pro* nounced social reformer. Her motto ia ' Sanitaa sanitatum omtia sanitas,' almost as decidedly as it u Mr. Disraeli's. She has also come out as aa advocate and patroness of temperance versus total abstinence. Some time back Canon Ellison, Chairman of the Church of England Temperance Society, sent her a memorial signed by the Archbishop of York and the Executive Committee of the Society, praying her to accept the patronage of the Association. Sir Thomas Biddulph replied the other day, not merely con veying the Rojal consent, but expressing a 'personal preference for temperance to tee totaiUm, The letter says:—' I am commanded by [Her Majesty, in reply to the prayer of it that Her Majesty should Wome the patron of the Society, to say that Her Majesty has already expressed her opinion in favour of the objects which the Society desires to promote, and con sents to become patron of it, organized aa it appears to be on a basis which includes all who adTOcate temperance without nmiating neces sarily on total abstinence. The Queen trusts that education and the enlightenment of the people, together with improvement of their moral and physical condition, will gradually do muchto induce temperance, and to diminish the evils complained of.' BOTAL VISIT TO 8HKFFIBIJ). The Prince and Princess of Wales are re cruiting themselves at Abergeldie, after a fatiguing week of sight-seeing at Sheffield. There was some anxiety felt in high quarters about the issue of this visit to Steelopolis, for Sheffield had held a big demonstration against she grant for the Prince's visit to India, it was rumoured that local Radicals—some of whom are far advanced in Republicanism— meditated a display of hostile sentiments durng the royal welcome. Very careful arrangements were made by the local authorities, but after all nothing had to be provided against save the universal and overflowing loyalty of the people, The osten sible object of the visit was to open the Firth Park, a splendid recreation-ground about 35 acres in extent, which the Mayor has presented to the town. Though Sheffield has not of itself a Paradisiao appearance, it is girt round by some of the loveliest scenery in the midlands, while for suburban neighbours it has tha Duke of Norfolk, Earl FitEwflliam, Lord Halifax, Lord Wharncliffe, Lord Manverq, Lord Denman, Lord Gal way, and the Archbishop of York. These dignitaries of Church and State mustered it the Victoria Station to assist the Mayor and Corporation in welcoming the royal visitors, The Prince and Princess ar rived at half -past 2, and it was past 6 before they reached the Mayor's residence at Oakbank. The intervening four hours had been spent in making a gorgeous procession to the new park, receiving an address from the Corporation, responding to it, and formally opening the park. The accoiuita given of Sheffield on this festive afternoon read like the Arabian Nights with an occasional chapter of Froissart thrown ; in. Sheffield has a notion that it was an im- j portant place, even before it took to steelmaking. j It is perhaps more proud of the feudal and grand i Tudor traditioo3 of the district than of its Bes- | ' semer forges cr its steam hammers. We are told of the royal procession that it consisted of - 37 carriages, preceded by and interspersed with . the banners of the Prince and Princess, the Duke of Norfolk, the Borough, the Cutlers' Company, the Master Cutler, the Archbishop, and the Mayor. Then followed the royal carnage, with Us escort of 7th Lancers and mounted police. The whole route, which was about two miles in length, was lined with spectators, whose greetings of the Prince and Princess were of the most enthusiastic character. It was in the park itself, however, that the chief scenic effect was found, Entering by a sharp ascent, the procession sud denly rounded npon a pavilion, from which curved wings branched out and fronted an open space on raing ground filled by some fifteen thousand school children, and beyond them more people still. The cannon again saluted the royal party as they entered the park, the pure sweet voices of the children ringing out in the clear air as they sang one or two simple hymns and the National Anthem, followed of caurse by 'God blees the Prince of Wales.' Fireworks, illumi nations, balls, banquets, andeaturnaila at large closed the day of welcome. THE PBTN'CS ASD TH8 DEMOCRATS. On the second day the Prince and Princes were taken on a roond of inspection of the great workshops of Sheffield. At the Mayor's esta blishment they witnessed the scooping out of the core of an 81-ton gun, and examined a whole arsenal and smaller weapons in progress. Thence they were conduced to Cammell's works, where two or three armour plates for H.M.S. Teme raire were rolled in their presence. For an exhibition of Sheffield cutlery they had of course to be taken to Rogers & Son's. Here great preparations had been made, and the visitors saw men finishing knife handles out of ivory or staghorn. Elephant trunks in the rough were scattered en the floor. Workmen were forging dinner knives, penknives, and other cutlery. In the show-room the Prince of Wafes was presented with a gold-mounted sporting knife, having a crown at one end of the haft and the Prince's plume at the other. The Princess also graciously accepted a lady's com panion expressly made for her, and containing among other things a gold- hafted penknife, a Sid bodkin, and a [richly-chased gold thimble. is stated that everywhere the workman cheered enthusiastically, and the Prince was evidently more than gratified by their applause. In hmching afterwards at the Cutlers' Hall, he expressed his feelings in a manner which has been rather dubiously criticised. Responding to the toast of his health and that of the Princess, he said :— ' It has been stated, ladies and gentlemes, that Sheffield was demo cratic, but after what we have seen to-day and yesterday its worst enemies would not give it that appellation. It will be my great pleasure in a few days to tell Her Majesty the Queen how strong the devotion of this town is towards her person and her Crown, as has been manifested by the kind and affectionate feeling evinced towards us. We have also been able to visit those great works for which Sheffield always has been and always will be celebrated and known. I spei»k for the Princess aa well as for myself when I say we have not been disappointed at what we saw. We saw those vast engines of destruction for ^var, and at the same time we saw thoEe marvellous armour- plates which are to protect these shores against an enemy. We have received kindnesses from all on this occasion, and I am glad to have an opportunity of teati fying to the Mayor our high appreciation of them, and of the kind feeling that has been shown to us in every possible manner. At the same time, it would be impossible for us to loave Sheffield without also having seen the Master Cutler, and I am thankful that we have had an opportunity of receiving his civility and hi3 hospitality, and very grateful we are for it.' fHB PBEJCE'S VISIT TO INDIA grows day by day a more exciting subject of speculation and gossip. What with news about the Serapis from Plymouth, about the royal staff and the royal Boswells from Fleet-street, and about the Indian preparations from India, the scheme now figures prominently before the public. Tour satirical contemporary the World h every week receiving or devising a new sen @a£on Q) coanectioa with toe visit. This week i it PTmfrnTir** fo*fc A Oaifflttt telagram has fallen lilt a bombsbeU on the India Office :-'Th« Nizam of Hvdftnbad posttivel* dedinasto 'do honour* to ths Prince of Weiss on his visit. Why, the Yioeroy ha* yet to reveaL Doas the Nizam rqnrd it m beoMfth bis princely dignity to meet the Heff-Appeteet ? Is he jesioos of the loyalty it may evoke! Is it simple pettish new, a studied insult, or a portentous demon stration of the hostility of the native Prinoas! Had the ex-Goikwar of Band* indulged in a freak so disloyal to tha British supremacy less importance would hare been attached to his vagaries. But the Nizam is a mighty power in Indie. By far the largest of the States ruled by native Prince*, Hyderabad ia about equal in dimension* to Cashmir, Gwalior, and Indore combined, and the Nizam's subjects compose nearly a third of the entire population of the native dominions uader British protection. What wonder, then, that consternation should reign in Downing-street and at Abergeldie Castle. Cannot Lord Northbrook's influence overcome the Nizam's scruples, or would his Highness delight to mar the royal tour V [The telegrams from India contradict this report,— Ed.] Tbere is some heartburning among the specials in consequence of a special invitation having been given to Dr. Russell to become one of the Prince's guests on board the Serapis. The Daily Next is put out, of course, acd still more thoDaiiy Telegraph, whose junior proprietor flattered him self on being hand in gl»ve with the royal tourist Mr. Senior and Mr. Meason will in the end be provided for somehow on board the Sertpis, but below the salt. I believe that the social distinction conferred on Dr. Buswll had something to do with Forbes preferring to stay at home. But he has a very substantial exou^e in bad health. The tremendous knocking about he has had for four years is beginning to tell upon him, and as he saw enough of India during the famine he is not ambitious to go out again. THE DUO OF KDIHBUEGH. Prince Alfred that was is being rapidly Rus sianized. He is spending the autumn among his brothers-in-law studying the Central Asian ques tion and recreating himself at the Great Fair at Nijni-Novgorod. The Novgorodite Mercan tile Corporation invited him to a public dinner, and it is said conferred the freedom of the Com pany upon hi™. The health of the Queen was proposed by Count Kutais, Governor-General of the province, and the substance of his speech was telegraphed to Balmoral. Her Majesty instantly wired back a reply, stating how grati fied she was to learn that the Nijni- Novgorod Corporation had drunk her health. She thanked them for their courtesy, and sent her beet wishes for their future prosperity. The Duke, who wore the uniform of his Russian Uhlan Regiment, pro posed in Russian a toast to bia Imperial parents in-law. He has spent several days inspecting the curiosities of the fair, to which merchants come from the remotest p&rteof; the Russian dominions. The Duke of Connaught is indulging his German proclivities at Berlin, where he is a great favourite with the old Kaiser and the Crown Prince, ? ihb PBoaooAHQir. It 1m three weeks since Parliament adjourned to the moors, and its feverish existence is so utterly forgotten that I had almost omitted to give yoa the prorogation speech. A very select number of conscientious veterans in the Lower House remained to accompany the Speaker to the presence of tie peers, where Her Majesty was represented as usual by Commission. On behalf of his feUow-Commirsioners the Lord Chancellor said— 'We are commanded to deliver to you Her Majesty's speech in Her Majesty's own words.' If this was said to mark the con trast between a genuine Queen's speech and the Gladstonian article pinning out to the length of a Vatican pamphlet, the preamble was justified. The royal adieu was this year gracefully and even elegantly given :— '♦My Lords and Gentlemen— 'lam happy to be enabled to release you from your attendance in Parliament. ' The relations between myself and all foreign Powers continue to be cordial, and J. look forward with hope and confidence to the un interrupted maintenance of European peace. _ ' The visit paid to this country, on the in vitation of my Government, by the Ruler of Zanzibar has led to the conclusion of a sup plementary Convention, which I trust may be efficacious for the more complete suppression of the East African slave trade. ' I have learned with deep regret that the ex pedition! dispatched by my Indian Government from Burmah, with a view to open communi cation with the western provinces of China, has been treacherously attacked by an armed force while on Chinese territory. This outrage, un happily Involving the death of a young and promising member of my Consular Service, is the subject of careful enquiry, and no effort shall be spared to secure the punishment of thoee by whom it was instigated and committed. ' The condition of my Colonial Empire is generally prosperous. Progress has been made in the settlement of questions affecting the Con stitution and Government of Natal, and I con fidently look for important and valuable results from the proposal of a Conference of the South African Colonies and States. ' Gentlemen of the House of Common*— ' I thank you for the liberal supplies which you have voted for the public service. 'My Lords and Gentlemen— 'It is gratifying to me to find that the lengthened consideration you have given to the various Statutes which have from time to time been passed for the preservation of peace in Ireland has resulted in a measure which, while relaxing the stringency of former enactments, is calcu lated to maintain the tranquility of that country. ' I have with pleasure given my assent to an Act for facilitating the improvement of the dwellings of the working classes in large towns, which will, I trust, lead to the decrease of many of the principal causes of disease, misery, and crime. I feel sure that this legislation, together with that relating to the consolidation and amendment of the Sani tary Laws and of the laws relating to Friendly Societies, will greatly promote the moral and physical welfare of my people. -? It has afforded me much satisfaction to give my assent to two important Bcatutes for the amendment of the Acts relating to Master and Servant and trade offences, and of the Law of Conspiracy as conneoted with these offences Statutes which will, I trust, place the relations of employers and employed on a just and equal footing, and add to the contentment and goodwill of large classes of my subjects. ' Among the enactments which you have passed for the Improvement of the law. I am well pleased to observe that a comprehensive measure for rimplifyiag the title and facilitating the transfer of land in England has taken its place in the Statute-book ; that an Act has been passed for the amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland ; and that you have made provision, by amending the Judicature Act of 1873, for bringing the great changes in my Civil Courts and their procedure which it inaugurated into immediate and practical effect. 'The state of public business and the differ ences of opinion naturally arising on a varied and comprehensive scheme have unfortunately prevented you from completing the consideration of the Merchant Shipping Bill, but I rejoice that you have been able by a temporary enactment to dimmish considerably the dangers to which my seafaring subjects are exposed. ?' By the Agricultural Holdings Act you have greatly and beneficially enlarged the powers of owners limited in interest to offer to their tenants a sufficient security for judicious outlay upon the farms they occupy; and while main* taining absolute freedom of contract, you have raised a presumption of rights under which a new inducement will be given to expend capital upon the improvement of land. 'I have every reason to hope that the pro gress of the revenue which has marked recent years will be fully sustained in the present. 'The arrangements whiph you have made with respect to the reduction of the National Debt, and those for the better regulation of loans for publjo works, will lead to valuable improvements in our system of Imperial local finance. 'The enactment for a registration of Trade Marks wQl supply a deficiency that has for some time been felt in our commercial system. 'I trust that the Act constituting a new bishopric at St. Albans may prove advan tageous to the vast population of the diocese affected by the measure. 'In bidding you farewell for the recess, I pray that the blessing of Providence may fall on your recect labours, and accompany you in the dtehtjge of ail jour duties.' ?TO Botaii tacbi n OMunoir. A very maiaoohoiy accident happened to the Queen's yacht m rt was croaaag with Hsr Majesty from Cowes to Gosport, what* tha royal party were to take the train for the North. According to tha Court Cimim; usoadontha night of the aecidant (August 18), 'when the Alberta was crossing the Solent with the Queen and Royal Family on board, a sailing yacht ran under the Alberta, wh'oh struck her, and she neat down in a few moments. Tae Queen, though terribly shocked, gave orders that every effoit should be made to save the parsons on board, but it is to be feared that two have been lost, besides those who wera In jared. Her Majesty Bpoke to Miss Peel, the lady who was Baved, and made constant enquiries after the wounded, acd on reaching Gosport gave orders to Admiral Elliot to spare no efforts on behalf of the sufferers, and to pay every attention to their wants.' The yacht which suffered this calamity was the Mistletoe, belonging to Mr. Edward Hoy wood, a Liverpool banker. He had been i cruking in the Solent for several days, and had - two of his wife's sisters on board with him. The yacht was standing in for Ryde when the Alberta passed, and though it has been denied i that the captain tried to get as close as possible j to the royal yacht in order to gratify the - curiosity of the ladies, a feeling of the kind must have influenced hia steering. The Mistletoe suddenly found herself under the bow of the Alberta, and her helm was ported, but at the same instant Captain Welch, who was in charge of the Alberta, ordered her helm to be starboarded. The attempt to clear each other ended in the Alberta striking the Mistletoe amidships, and knocking such a hole in her that she sank in a very few seconds. The captain, who was an old man of seventy -five, was struck by a falling spar while his men were endeavouring to pull him on board the Alberta, and he sank. Miss Annie Peel was being drawn across the rigging which had fallen on the bulwarks of the Alberta when the sinking of the Mistletoe dragged down the rigging and the lady along with it. The mate got entangled in the same way, or he may have been struck by a Epar like the captain. He also disappeared, and did not come up again, so that three lives were loet, Mr. Heywood, the own9r of the yacht, went down with her, but_ rose again, and was picked up. He and bis sister in- law with the other survivors were taken by the Alberta to Gosport, where the Queen sent for Admiral Elliot and gave Mr. Heywood into his charge. The gentleman speedily recovered, and in course of two days was able to give evidence at the inquest on Miss Annie Peel and the old captain — a Poole man, who leaves a widow and five children, Everything that could be done at Goeport was immediately carried out at the personal wi&h; of Her Majesty, who delayed her departure for the North until she had learned the etaat extent of the disaster, and then had telegrams forwarded to her along the line reporting the progress of the Bufferers. The Alberta's tender, the Elfin, was dispatohed to Ryde for Mrs. Heywood, whose husband was still considered in danger. Divers from the Admiralty Yard also proceeded immediately to the scene of the collision to recover the bodies ef the missing lady and the mate* THE QTQUSST. On the 29th August, the day after the acci dent, an inquest was opened at Portsmouth on the body of the captain. The first witnesses were Beamen on board the Mistletoe, and some of them relatives of the deceased. John Stokes, a nephew, deposed that they had been over to Roman Fort, and were returning to Ryde when the Alberta crowed their track going from Osborne to Gesport She was coming right on their beam, and was first seen at three miles distance. In Stokes Bay, when right opposite the pier, they came close together, the Mistletoe being then on a starboard tack, with the Alberta on her larboard bow. The Mistletoe had very little way on, three or four knots an hour, and porting her helm brought her right in front of the Alberta. When appealed to by the Coroner he did not, as an experienced seaman, think that porting their helm caused the oollkion, as the Alberts could not have cleared them at any rate. Samuel Stoke b, another nephew of the captain, first Baw the Alberta about fifty yards from them, and did not notice that the Mutletoe altered her course. He thought the Alberta should have altered hors, and that she could have done it in time to clear them. Charles Dayman, cook of the Mistletoe, said he was forward having a smoke when the Alberta appeared two miles off. As she approached they were afraid she would run into them or at least cut away their boats, but nothing was done until the came quite close, when some of the men told the captain to put the helm down. This witness accounted for the disappearance of the mate. He had been on the forehatch and hurried up as the Mistletoe was sinking, but the yacht sank quicker than he could get up the ladder, and he went down with her. Both the men Stokes acknowledged that the captain was trying to wear close up to the Alberta; and one of them alleged that this was done under ordtrs from Mr. Heywood. That gentlemen, however, denied having said any thing of the kind. . CHB COXSWAIN'S BVIDKRCE commenced the second day's proceedings. This man, Henry Brown, deposed that the Mistletoe returned into 8tokes Bay on the port tack, and then stood for Ryde on the starboard tack. She was going about three knots when they sighted the Alberta. He asked the captain if they would dip their flag to her, ana. was told yes. He went forward to the signal halyard for the purpose when some one shouted 'She is coming right into us.' 'I looked round,' he said, ' and saw the steamer close to us, nearly on top of us. Some one called out, ' Shove her helm hard down !r and I went and put the helm hard down, and kept it down until the Albert* struck us. I do not know who gave the order, but I thought it was the beat thing to do, so that m might receive the blow broadside*, She luffed a little, but I did not tbaerve the sails shake.' Brown, in reply to questions, said he did not think the captain had been drinking that day. He had never before seized the tiller while the captain was steering, but he often usjstod him in rough weather.' Mr. fleywood, having given his deposition, asked to have the impression publicly corrected that he had given orders to stand in as close as possible to the royal yacht. ' We would have considered it a piece of impertinence to do so. The impression which had also got abroad as to the captain's intemperance was,~he said, equally incorrect. He had never known him otherwise than temperate. He was a well-known, steady, respectable man.' CAFTADC WBLCH, OP THE ALBKBTA, opened the evidence as to what had been done on board the royal yacht. He assumed all re Sonaibility for the navigation of the Alberta, ough his superior officer, Prince Edward of Saxe Leinigen, was also on the bridge at the time. He had bees in the Alberta 11 years, and before that 16 years on board the Fairy. They were running at their usual speed when Her Majesty was on board— 15 to 17 knots an hour. Describing the run across, he said that ' As far as the centre of the middle shoal we were pretty clear. 1 then eaw a yawl coming up from the leeward, apparently as if to cross our bows, and I made the remark to Commander Fullerton, 'What bad manners these people have ic at* tempting to cross the bows of a yacht with Her Majesty on board.' I was on the eve of putting my helm to starboard to clear this vessel when suddenly she bore up, drawing a parallel line to us, and I passed her within 25 yards. I had no sooner passed her than I observed a cutter doing the very same thing, standing across our bows. Again I was about to put the helm a-Btarboard to pass under her stern, when she did the same thing as the other vessel. I then sighted the schooner standing out at Stokes Bay, apparently in the direction of Ryde. I wai on the port side of the bridge, and remained there watching her. I again made up my mind to pass astern, when '.the schooner kept away and ran very nearly in a parallel line. As I took it for granted that this vessel would remain on the course she was going, and having mere yachts to look after on the starboard bow, I went over to the starboard Bide of the bridge, and the fore moat funnel then intervening I lost sight of the vessel for a few second*. I believed ahe was holding on her course. While standing there I saw the other side of her jibboom appear before the funnel At the same moment one of the quartermasters ama to me, touched me on toe ?faooloVuj and said, «Tjaa yacht* tat her hslei down.1 Captain Welch, and Prtaectainigen both ran to the telegraph and suroaHed to stop the engines, but it was 'morriy and physi- ally impossible- to stop tha whd«U going at the rate they were.' Captain Welch answered Mr. Haywood'a assertion that the starboarding of tha Alberta's helm caused the disaster, fie sail:— 'I was obliged, according to tae rula oi the roai at sea, to put my heua starboard to clear a v-aaet under sail— that u standing across ma a* a'aa was. When I eaw tha schooner bar sails were shaking to the wind. Had he or they, whoever Basaged the vessel, when they formed tha idai of crossing our bows kept the sails full we should most certainly have oleated them. I should also here remark thatlhad I put my helm a-port, as it is supposed I might have done, I should have been disobeying the rules observed in meeting sailing vessels, and it is also my opinion that I ehould have gone olean over tho vessel.' The Coroner questioned Captain Welch about the conduct of the quartermasters oe tha loot-out if no blame attached to them. The captain answered promptly— 'No; if there was aay blame I must take it entirely upon myself. There was a can on tho look out forward; but I trust to no one. I am the look-out man, and the responsible person, and you may be sure I do not for a moment relax my vigilance. (Applause.) The responsibility Is too great. I never leave the bridge when crossing from Osborne with Her Majesty on board. If I had put my helm to port every body would have said I had no business to do so.' Mr. Sleeman, the chief engineer of the Alberta, cave evidence as to the stopping of the engines. They were making about 12 revolutions a minute, but they succeded in stopping with a revolution and a half. A minute after they were signalled to go astern, and they made five or six revolu tions and then stopped. All on board the Alberta then used their utmost exertions to save the people who were floating about. This closed the Eecocd- day of the inquest, and Captain Welch undertook to produce at next sitting evidence that there was nobody at the helm of tbe Mistletoe when she first approached the Alberta. DISAGREEMENT 07 THE J0RT. On the fourth day of the inquest (August 27) the Coroner, who had lattorly been assisted by a naval assessor, summed up the evidence. He expressed bis regret that there were so many one-sided manifestations of opinion on the patt of the public, and alluded to a shoal of fetters he ha« received refecting on hia own ?onduct aad that of the Jury. At half -past 12 o'clock the Jury retired to consider their var dict, and spent the remainder of the day over it without being able to come to a conclusion. Twice they sent for the Coroner, and held lonj consultations with him, bat he oould not resci9 them from their dilemma. After 11 p.m. they returned into Court with the announcement that they oould rot agree, and the Coroner bound them over with the witnesses to appear at the next aeskes at Winchester. A statement has appeared in the Tina that the Jury would have unanimously returned a verdict of accidental death, but they could not agree as to the pro posed rider awarding censure to Individual officers and condemning the rate of speed at which the royal yacht was steaming. At Win chester the Jury will hare the advantage of a judicial summing up. swnocsa acboss rsa chawhsl. Now we can raise our diminished head and face even Captain Boytoa. An Englishman has beat him hollow in his trip across the Channel. Without any life-saving dress, any paddles, or even a sail, with the Btnpei and stars emblazoned on it, Captain Webb has accom plished his tremendous swim from Dover to Calais. He was nearly twenty-two hours in the water, and must have traversed a distance of thirty miles with no artificial aid but a coat of porpoise oil to keep out the cold and an occasional pull at a brandy-and.water flask. The Captain, whose full name is Matthew Webb, is a Liverpool boy, and was brought up in the training ship Con way, in the Mersey. He seived his apprenticeship in Liverpool ships, and is a member of the Mercantile Marine Service Association. All through his career he has been distinguished by 'noble efforts and success in saving human life.' When he went down to Dover, about a fortnight ago, and avowed his purpose of swimming across to Calais, people thought he might get half way and do something to mainf-nln the reputation of British pluck, but there was not a soul anticipated for him anything like success. He made a start, and after going out of the harbour found the tide unfavourable and returned, which was, all thought, perfectly natural But on tbe afternoon of Wednesday, August 25, he went off again. Having coated himself with porpoise oil he took a dive off the end of the Admiralty Pier at four minutes to 1 o'clock. The lugger which accompanied him carried the referees and reporters, while a row boat pulled in front of him with an experienced pilot to show him tha course. A second row boat communicated when neoessary with the lugger. Alter sunset a referee entered the eading boat and sat there all night with an eye on the swimmer, who did his work fair and square all through, without allowing the slightest ground for scepticism. From one of the many graphic descriptions penned on board the lugger we learn that 'the swim commenced at half -ebb tide, and for three- quarters of an hour Webb's course was S.E. by B. His pace averaged from twenty to twenty ? five strokes to the minute. The ebb current carried him as far down Channel aa Lydden Spout, but at the same time his powerful and methodical stroke had enabled him by that time to propel himself nearly two miles In a direct line from the land. At 1.45 alack water commenced, and Webb beiag then fresh he was able with this advantage to increase rapidly the direct distance between himself and the shore. His stroke* now averaged 22 per minute, aad that speed he continued regularly for several boon. At 2.30 p.m. a little rain fell, but it apeadily passed off, and a quarter of IB hoar later Webb took his first refreshment, consisting of a small cup of ale. At S o'clock the flood tide began to be felt, drifting the swimmer to the eart, although he continually kept bis face direct to the Fiench coast. At 3.25 it was estimated that Webb was four miles from land, and the sea was as smooth as a pond. Another small cup of ale was handed to him at 3.40. At 4 o'clock., the flood tide had brought the Captain back abreast the point at which he started, and in the three hours it was reckoned that he had made a direct ad vance towards the opposite shore of four and a half miles.' AN U5COHFOBTABLB MIGHT. About every half hour the Captain made a pull at something— one time bitter ale, next beef tea, then brandy, and towards morning oc casional sips of coffee. At 6 o'clock, when he had been fully five hours in the water, the pilot was able to congratulate him on being the third of the way across. Before 8 o'clock the referee took bis place in the row-boat, when Webb reported himself all right. At half -past 3 the Cape Grknez light was sighted, and the Captain was now good ten miles from the South Foreland. About half-past 9 he was stung on the shoulder by a jelly fish, and the pain disabled him for some'.time. It passed off, and Webb reported himself all right again. He stuck to his work bravely till 11 o'clock p.m., ' when, on taking the bearings, it was reported that we were eight miles from Cape Grisnez, nine from Calais, and 12^ from the South Fore land. The prospects of success were then con sidered very cheering, and the probability was discussed of the task being finished in 14 hours. In fact, a message was sent to Webb that if he could hold out four hours more he might expect to go ashore towards Cape Grisnez. Webb was much encouraged, and took some more hot coffee. At 11.50 the Calais mail steamer Maid of Kent came out of her course to pass within baO. The people on board heartily oheered. The captain of the lugger reckoned that Webb waa then 13$ mile* from the nearest English land. At the turn of midnight the breeze freshened, and the course of tha swimmer con* turned, as before, directed towards Cape Urisnez, but changed by the drift to south-west. From 1 a.m. till 5J no noteworthy incident occurred, except that about 2 o'clock the flood tide again affected the swimmer, and began to shape his course, it was hoped, for the projecting land about Cape Grisnez. At that time the reports of Webb were cot reajjuring. The pilot, Tools, was called to consult with Webb, and the ra eree reported that he was getting weiktr. The diver prepared himself, sod took his seat in t£e row-boat ready for lany amarjjenfly. A good dose of oTd brandy m now aJauoitered, aaJ Webb called out 'ail right,' and che direr dnused again.' A CHEZBL8SS 8UNRES Captaia Webb had now held out a good daal more tbao tlia four hours which was *.ho limit of bis task at midnight, and still he waa far fro a Cape Grisnec Just before dawn he ifaro a bad account of himself, and a message was sent on board the lugger to get hot brulci rea-5; for li'4i. Strong hot cotlee wa* givau htm t-y hit t rother-in-Iuw, Mr. Ward, who sat ia tae star a of tbe boat piloting him. T'nis brought him rcutid again, acd shortly afterward the rising [ sun gave him fresh vigour. Aboii half -past 5 ; be got hia first Eight of land— a sauiy point west : oi the village of Sangatte— and bravely strack ; fcr it. The tid« waa now, however, coming out very strong against him, beating tbe water in ' hii face, so that during the next hour he seemed ' to make no progress. He was driven put Sin- ! gatte towards Calais, thus increasing his distance ' from the shore. Within sight of his goal his strength failed him again, and the diver got ready to pick him up Ehould he give in. A correepocdent thus represents this painful part : of the journey :— *' It was now 7.30 a»m., and Webb had been in the water 18& hours. He was evidently thoroughly fagged, and much dis- : tressed by the waves beating in bis face. The : diver ooce more got ready, and jumped in, : swimming side by side with Webb for a while. : Webb took some coffee, and the occupants of ' the lugger and boats gave him three cheers, i which encouraged bim. There new appeared to be a chance of touching the sandy shore about ' three miles from Calais, and the coveted goal looked to be only about a mQe distant. The ' bretze increased, and the lugger had to tack to aveid running away from the swimmer. In parsing bin at 8 o'clock he seemed dreadfully \ diitreowd, and the contrary wind and tide were ' buffeting him sorely. The point at which he [ was aiming seemed to drop away to the south, ! and the tide driving him towards Calais sands ' left him apparently aa far from shore as he was , an hour earlier.' THH VIKISH. The Captain had been expected all the morning ! at Calais, and when the lugger was parceivel | off Sangatte boats filled with admiring country- : men put out to welcome him. The first that ; came out about half- past 9 gave him a British ' chter, which did him good, and thea rowed ' round to tha weather udeof him, where they ' did immense service in keeping off the heavy sea that beat against him. He had again a chance ' of getting ashore, though it was small, for his : strength was manifestly exhausted, and the tide grew rougher as he slowly advanced. At this time, it is said, 'his pale and haggard face ; told the thorough exhaustion,' and the ' chances were still against him. Bat with tha cheers of Englishmen and Frenchmen ringing in ; hia eare ha could not give in. It U said by an j eye-witness that ' up to the last the excitement was most painful, for even when Webb waa within 200 yards of the shore it was feared hia strength would not hold out to reach it. In strict aocordaace with the arrangements, no one assisted him in the least, but every means were used to cheer him on. On approaching the shore soundings were called out rather more favourable than the fact* warranted. The Eng- lish and the Frenchmen cheered almo3t con stantly, and as a last encouragement the rowers pushed down their long oars to show that they couldtouchthebottom, The excitement increased to the close, and when at last Webb did touch French ground, the men in the boats around him jumped Into the water aadfairiy hugged him with delight. The news of his approach had spread in town, and a crowd ran down to the shore to welcome him, and a carriage stood on the margin of the water ready to drive him to an hotel On landing he was very weak, but, as the boatmen expressed it, ' jolly in bis talk' up to the end. He was at once enveloped in wrappers, and driven to the Hotel de Paris, where he was well rubbed down, and drank three or f»ur glasses of old port wine.' He went to bed immediately, Blept seven or eight hours, dined well, and was able to return to Dover by the evening boat. PUBLIC SUB3CRETI0W3 are being raised fora testimonial to the gallant swimmer. On the Stock Exchange a very hand some aim wao collected, and the Captain's fellow-townsmen at Liverpool will have him down for an ovation shortly. The Captain's ambition is said to be a dockyard appointment as swimming instructor to the Navy, and Mr, Ward Hunt, who is a pretty stout man himself, will surely appreciate the honour that Matthew Webb has done to the heavy weights. FLIGHT OF ALBIAKDKB OOLLIB. At the third adjourned examination of the Brothers Collie only William, the Manchester partner, surrendered. Seven minutes' grace were allowed to Alexander, and the officer of the Court called him the customary three times. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, his counsel, could not explain his non-attendance further that he had not been seen for several days. On the applica tion of Sir Henry James bis bail and recog nizances were at once estreated, and a warrant issued for his apprehension. The London and Westminister Bank offered a reward of £1,000 for information which] might lead to his appre hension, but it Is shrewedly suspected that tha Directors would be sorry to have to pay it. The warrant is In the hands of the aame detective who hunted down the Bank of England forgers, and he has gone to Spain to look round. It is now generally supposed, however, that Collie has gone off to Sweden. Tnere is not muoh pity felt for his bail, it being suvmised that they were in demnified before the flight The othar brother, William Collie, was remanded formally for a month, and a person very like him was seen the other day enjoying himself in Perthshire. It was not from the London and Westminster Bank that Alexander Collie fled. The more evidence they produced against him the clearer it became that ho had been too clever for them. He, had no direct dealings with the London and Westminster Bank, all the paper he negotiated in London having been passed through bill brokers. The game with the London and County Bank, which had a large amount of Collie paper, for which the Chairman Ingeniously excused himself that there was not a single acceptance of Collie's among it It consisted entirely of Collie's drafts , on good houses— customers of their own cr other wise respectably known to them. Of Collie's they professed to know nothing. Then where, it was asked, did the Collies pass their own acceptance*? That account was kept in Edin burgh with the Union Bank of Scotland, who are in for £150,000— all bad. Alexaader Collie conducted this account himself in direct cor respondence with the Manager of the Union Bank, and conducted it by means of systematic fraud and misrepresentation. On the Saturday before he disappeared the Union Bank resolved to commence an independent prosecution, and that ia what he fled from. THE O'CONNELL CENTENARY. As was anticipated the O'Connell celebration was taken advantage of by the Nationalist party in Ireland to get up a scene in Dublin. In the absence of Lord O'Hagan, on account of the illness of his daughter, it was proposed that the Lord Mayor should conclude the procession of the day by saying a few words from the plat* form at Carlisle Bridge, from whioh Lord O'Hagan was to have delivered his address, and crowning with laurel a bust of the Liberator which had been erected for the occasion on the spot where his monument will even tually stand. This intention was frustrated, however, by the Amnesty Association, who before the arrival of the Lord Mayor drew up their wagon in front of the platform. Imme diately afterwards a large black banner was un furled, bearing the inscription ' Still in Chains,' and affixed ia a prominent position in front of the dais, and a number of men with bannerets similarly inscribed ranged themselves round. Meanwhile numerous bands kept coming up from all directions playing national airs. Shortly aitewards Mr. Butt appeared oa the platform, and was loudly cheered. In a abort time the Lord Mayor arrived, and on ascending the dais met with an equally enthusiastic reception. No sooser, however, did he attempt to address the assembled multitude a few words of apology on behalf of Lord O'Hagan than a scene of dis order, baffling all description, ensued. The crowd yelled, hooted, ana groaned, until seeing that it was impossible for him to obtain a hear ing, the Lord Mayor hurriedly left the platform. Mr. Butt and Mr. O'Connor Power then ad dressed the crowd, begging then to preserve order, and after a few words from Mr. Sallivaa thd assemblage quietly dispersed. THE- B4MQOKX. — -? - ? Tbe disturbance wag 8g»ia renewed, however, later in tho evening at ttu banquet ia the Exhi bition Palace, over which the Lord Mayor pre 6Hed. Wbiu tbe Chairman r^sa and proposed He toa^t, 4* Tha Legislative Independence of Iieland ,' er.d coupled with it the name of Sir O. -? Gavao Huffy, loud cries wera immediately raised ' for Mr. Butt. TLe Lord Mayor and several of the most distinguished guests vainly eodeavoarad to get Sir Ch.arlea a hearuif, aad a scene of the utiocst disorder occurred, amidst whieli tha' ' Lord Major and the cl erical dignitaries withdrew. Sir. Butt tbon rose to speak, and threw the blame of the disturbance on the Lord Mayor. Tbis led to violent recriminations, and the lights . having been extinguish od on the unruly guests the banquet broke up indarknes3 and confusion. On the same evening another banquet took place at the Trades' Rotunda, at whioh Mr. Keegao presided. Various national toasts were drunk with great enthusiasm. Li Glasgow the celebra tion led to serious riotirg, which appears to Lave been originated by some members of a procession returning from Patrick to Glasgow. Many persons, including two policemen, were seriously injured. The. disturbance was renewed on thd following evening, and at one time matters appeared so serious that special constables were sworn in. the volunteers were called out, and soldier* were kept at the barrack* under arms, in readiness to act rf necessary. Sixty persons bave been apprehended, among whom are said to be several Fenian ' Head Centres,' Punch has expressed the popular verdict on the subject in a telling cartoon, which represents the ghost of O'Cocnell respectfully declining any more similar ovations in hia honour. 