melrotttwr (tEOM OtJE OWN COBEESPONDBNT.^ His Honor Sir Redmond Barry left Melbourne to-day by the Rangatira, for Sydney, en route for Brisbane, where biB Honor will remain for about three weeks, returning to Melbourne early in February. The expensive wharfage works on the I south side of the Yarra, are yet far from completed. The river bottom near the 50 ton crane has been cleared to a depth of 40 feet, but there are some immense blue stone boulders lying south in about mid channel, which appear to stretch across the river at a depth of about 20 feet, and the new coffer dam that has been erected in the centre of the river is designed to re move these. Costly as this work will be, it promises in the end to largely augment the wharfage accommodation of the City. The "Verandah" in Collins-street is now but a ghost of its former self, and under the Hall of Commerce "Ichabod" | might be appropriately written. It is melancho'y to watch the balf-dozen or so of speculators who hang about there dur ing the day, and dodge in and out of the | Criterion, spending probably more in nob blers than their day's earnings amount to Grcvillc & Co. have, by the way, returned to their old quarters in this building, and appear to have as much as they can well attend to in their mercantile telegraphic business. "With Reuter's on the same side of the way, and the Oriental opposite, the city is well supplied with European tele graphic companies. I wsb led into error lately in intimating that O'Ferrall, the Lands ofBcer defaulter, might be expected by tbe Somerset, and I have been at some pains since to ascertain beyond doubt when O'Ferrall may be ex- I pected to arrive. I now learn upon good | authority that he left Singapore in the [ steamship Brisbane on Tuesday, 12th of January, so that it will be some weeks be fore he puts in an appearance in Mel bourne. O'Ferrall comes in charge of | Detective O'Callaghan. Sullivan still remains an inmate of the Melbourne Gaol, held, there is no doubt, in illegal custody. If an application were made to release him on habeas, it would certainly result in his discharge. He could, of course, be re-arrested and sen tenced to imprisonment or sent about bis business. At present the law is held in suspense in relation to him, and the autho rities are fairly puzzled to get out of the difficulty they have created for them selves. There was something like a threatened strike of waitresses at one of the large re freshment houses in town to-day. The girls complained of not having had an outing during the holidays, and they marched up to their employer in a body and demanded a spell, which was conceded with the best grace possible under tbe circumstancee. The woman Barrow's connection with a recent fire on her premises at Sandridge, formed the subject of investigation to-day before a jury. At a late hour the evidence was proceeding tending to seriously com promise the accused. At an inquest at Mornington yesterday on the body of a woman named Sarah Donovan, it was found that the deceased : died through unskilful treatment by the midwife, Mary Sheers, who was committed for trial for manslaughter. At the Fitzroy Police Court to-day, a man named Samuel Cbard was sentenced to fourteen day's imprisonment for stealing a few pieces of candle, valued at 3d, the property of the Melbourne Omnibus Com pany. A Frenchman named Verrier, who has for a long time persecuted the French Consul to send him to New Caledonia, and has constantly abused him for alleged ignorance of his consular duty to poor I Frenchmen, was sent to gaol for one month for threatening the life of Le Comte de I Castelnnu John Lubeck, the Daylesford insolvent, was brought up again to-day, on the charge of defrauding his creditors. George Home, the trustee in the estate, gave evidence to show the guilty knowledge of the accused, who was fully committed for trial. The annual meeting of subscribers of the Melbourne Hospital was held to-day. The total receipts for last year from all sources were £22,679 and the expenditure £22,360. The amount received from tbe Hospital Sunday Fund was £2357, and tbe Legis lative vote was £15,000. As many as 26,037 cases were treated. Sir William Stawell was elected president; Sir James ] M'Culloch and Richard Grice, Esq., vice presidents ; Hon. E. Cohen, treasurer. On the motion of Mr Westwood, the tenure of | honorary medical service was altered from ten years to five. A sensational treat is promised at the Opera House to-night, Blondin is to c^ois the high rope, carrying on his 'back Mr John Hill, "the musician, who will play a solo on the violin. The extravaganza at this house is a great draw, Eleanor Carey, as Adamanta, constituting no small portion of the attraction. . It appears to be an exceedingly difficult matter at present to hold q meeting of a non-dividend, paying mining company in Melbourne, 'It makes no difference where | tbe mine is situated—whether at Ballarat, | Sandhurst, Clunes, or elsewhfcr£-»-ebare- j BP ance. Day after day meetings are called, but beyond an odd shareholder of a too enquiring mind, and an industrious news paper reporter, no one thinks it worth while to put in an appearance. This state of things occurred to day, when a meeting of the Corisande Co was advertised to take' place, and the consequence was a quorum was not obtaioed. Rumors were afloat yesterday regarding the solvency of a firm engaged in the wine and spirit trade. To-day it became town talk that the firm of Lcplastrier and Co. had stopped payment. Their liabilities are stated to be about £14,000. An old estab lished house is said to be the loser of £2000, and one well-known auction firm is said to be fully secured for a large sum. A meeting of creditors is to be held to morrow. The estate known as Dixie, comprising five thousand acres of land, situate in the parish of Eckliu in the county of Heytes bury, about nine miles from Camperdown, wns put up for sale by auction to-day. As no higher bid than £3 per acre was offered, the property was withdrawn. 