HERE AND HEREAFTER: OR, PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE. Continued from our last.) Being a key to "Lazarus of Bethany." An original Essay by ANDREW TIMBRELL. Paul told the Hebrews that the story of Hagar and Ishmael was an allegory, involving spiritual truths which they had never suspected to exist in it: and that the veil which Moses had put over his face, concealing the Divine light, was still upon their own hearts, when Moses was read in the temple. What did this signify? That as the soul or living spirit requires a natural body for its external manifestations, so the living spirit of God's Word re. quired a material-form or body for its outward expression. As our natural body is feeble and imperfect, from its necessary limitation in time and space, and is thus but a poor and inadequate manifestation of the immortal soul within us, so the letter of the word expressed through the medium of ordinary language most comprehensible to humanity, reveals in its external image very little, indeed, of the Divine glory which Illuminates its nature. To insist that the Divine revelation lies in the letter of the Word alone, is like attributing all life and power to the material body, denying the spiritual element within it. The sceptic finds the Bible full of strange and mniracu lous histories, mysterious prophecies, and inexplicable visions, about the true meaning of which the whole Christian world is sadly divided in opinion ; and he rejects it all as the work of impos ture or fanaticism. The essential Divinity of the Bible cannot, therefore, reside in its more letter. An illustra tion of the last sentence is afforded me by an immediate access to a work recently published in Victoria, as a reprint from an American author, named Finney, entitled, "The Bible; Is it of Divine origin, authority, and Influence ?" In the extracts which I propose to make from this infidel pro duction, the regenerated mind of modern Christianity will be able to recognize the species of special pleading that characterizes the author's style ; and it will immediately become obvious that he has not taken the trouble to analyze his subject with that intelligent acumen which a concientious compiler would bring to bear upon it. In fact Mr. Finney betrays the insidious motive of a sceptical mind, full of irreligious literature, and inspired or anhnated by an implacable prejudice against Orthodoxy and Revelation. Let us hear what he has to say : He begins with quoting from " A Treatise on Biblical Criticism," by Samuel Davidson, D.D., and L.L.D., of the University of Halle, who says in Vol. I., p. 15:--"In the Old Testament we have writings belonging to very different times. Hence arise their manifold character, at least in part. There is great difficulty in ascertaining the different periods belonging 'to the various remains of the Hebrew Litera ture. It is not easy to assign each book to its proper position and era in the national history. The time when it originated can scarcely be deter mined, even from its diction and style." In the 64th page of the same volume he says : " From the time the respec tive Books were written, till the close of the canon, B. a. 200, the Old Tes tament Books themselves are the ex elusive source of information as to the state of the text, besides the Samaritan Pentateuch :" and, on the 74th page he admits that Gesenius, a great Hebrew scholar, proves incontestibly that this same Samaritan Pentateuch is of little or no value. Since Gesenius' 'able investigation the Pentateuch has fallen into quite general disrepute among the learned. The age of the MSS is difficult to be determined, and we do not know where, or from whom the Samaritans got the five books of Moses. Professor Robinson, in his Calmet, admits that Moses was not the author of all the Pentateuch, and it is believed that he wrote none of it except in con nection with Aaron. But it is evident that Aaron could not have written the death of Moses, for he himself had died long before. In fact, the Old Testa ment has shared the fate of other ancient books. It has suffered from the mistakes of transcribers. Justin, Martyr, Gesenius, Tertullian, and Eusebius, Origen and Jerome-Chris tian Fathers-accuse the Jews of cor rupting their sacred text. Our author hsks in what language was the New Testament written. Dr. Robinson, in his Calmet, says, " It has been main tained by many that Matthew wrote his gospel in Syriac, and that it was after wards translated into the Greek. " Origen," says Dr. Scott, " and some others, are of opinion that it was written in either Hebrew or Syriac." To talk about original manuscripts is either pious ignorance or priestly fraud; for, according to the best Church authorities, there was not a single manuscript in existence prior to the fourth century; and, according to some, there were not any prior to the sixth. All the manuscripts now in existence are only copies of other copies. and so on through three or four centuries of Church history. Davidson says, in his Biblical Criticism, vol. 2. p. 12, "The autographs of the New Testament have perished irrevocably. What material the writers made use of can only be conjectured." In the 31st page he says, "It is somewhat remarkable that no trace of these autographs, or of primitive exemplars, can be found in early history. Writers living very near the time of the Apostles, do not speak of, or appeal to, them. Clement, of Alexandria; Origen, and others, in their disputations with "' Heretics" never dreamed of appealing to what must have been an infallible tribunal the originals. If the "Fathers " knew of any such autographs, would they not have taken and kept them, and used them to convert mankind ? All the evidence we have in Church history of the Divinity and credibility of the Bible is drawn from the Catholic Church, in the darkest ages of her deepest corruption. There was no Protestant Church until after the great reformers, Zwingle and Luther. Now, the Council of Nice is said to have been the most important as the instru ment of settling the Canon of Scrip tures; notwithstanding it is quite certain that successive Councils 1 remodelled. the doings of the Nicene. Dr; Cotton Mather, In his "Magoralia Christi Americana" (book 7, p. 442), informs us that Eutychius, an author of the first ages, in his account of tihe doings of the Nicene Council, relates, "That upon the letters of Constantine summoning the Council, there were no less than two thousand and forty-eight bishops came to town; but that, in consequence of their gross ignorance and errors, the Emperor, on the suggestion of Bishop Alexander, of Alexandria, singled out but three hundred and eighteen, who were all of them orthodox children of peace; and that, by the Emperor's happy choosing and wieollding of these three hundred and eighteen, the orthodox religion came to be established." "The decisions of this Council," says Finney, "wore, therefore, only the opinions of Constantine, a bloody tyrant Emperor, whose hands were, when he entered the Synod, dripping with the gore of several members of' his own family. Of course, he weeded out all heterodoxy; that is to say, he sent off all whose opinions were opposed to his own ! " "' Constantine," says our' author, "has been extolled to the skies by the Protestant clergy; but I do not hesitate to affirm that Constantine, the great Christian Emperor, was one of the most bloody and superstitious of men. History proves ,it. Read Dr. Lardner or Gibbon." Again, Eusebius Pamphilii, a celebrated Christian writer, who flourished in the fourth century, the Bishop of Cæsarea, in Palestine, a man of vast learning, who, in 325, was appointed in and by the Nicene Council to deliver the address to Constantine on his entering into the Council, and who wrote the first draft of the Nicene Creed, heads one of his chapters with this extraordinary title-" How it may be proper to use frauds as a medicine, and for the benefit of those who may require to be deceived !"-and Ambrose, Hilary, Augustine, and Gregory, of Nazianzen, and St. Jerome, were corrupted with this scandalous doctrine of Jesuitism, of lying for the sake of religion; and yet these writers are often quoted to prove the genuineness of the New Testament! Bishop Faustus, in the fourth century, highly distinguished for piety and literary attainments boldly and honestly declares, that "It is certain that the New Testament was not written by Christ himself, nor by his disciples, but a long while after them, by some unknown persons, who, lest they should not be credited when they wrote of affairs they were little acquainted with, affixed to their works the names of the Apostles, or of such as were supposed to have been their companions, asserting that what they had written was according to those persons to whom they subscribed it." The writings of the Christian Fathers are the only authorities on which the Church can build an external historical argument in favour of the credibility of the New Testament as a superhuman work; and yet Mosheim, vol. 1, pp. 72-78, gives us to know that not one of the works of the Apostolic Fathers, especially, can be trusted as purely the work of the author to whom it is ascribed—Clement, Ignatius, Polycarp, and others—not one of the works of these men can be trusted as genuine, while nearly all are admitted universally to be forgeries. The "Apostles' Creed" was extant in the first century, but Mosheim says, p. 79, that though this Creed was attributed to Christ's ambassadors from the fourth century onward, "it is at this day unanimously agreed that this opinion is a mistake. Scaliger declares that " the Fathers put into their Scrip tures whatever they thought would suit their purpose." Our author adds : " The history of the so-called Christian Church, from the first to the nineteenthicentury, is a horrible detail of superstition, tyranny, corruption, murder, blood and crime. Not a single century, but it has stained with the blood of the children of God. It has been, and is to-day, the tool of despotism, the support of slavery, and the "exploiterer" of the human race. It has canonized villains and knaves, compelled the worship of old pieces of wood and dead men's bones; burned God's noble image at the stake, and crushed out freedom from many a soul. Bellamy, Fuller, De Wette, Gesenius, and the immortal Kennicott, with many others, are loud in their com plaints against the mistaken renderings in King James' version. Scores of now translations have been made to remedy the defects of our common version ; but still, none are yet perfect. John Wesley made a new translation for his followers. In Waukesha, Wis consin, not long since, Mr. Finney says he saw a translation made by Dr. Conquest, of the Congregational Church, England, on the back of which was printed in letters of gilt, " The Bible, with twenty thousand amendments." Dr. John Mill, encouraged and aided by Bishop Fell, gave to the world a new edition in 1707, folio, Oxford, of tlho Greek Testament, in which he shows that the New Testament manu scripts and versions contain no less than thirty thousand various readings : that is, that the manuscripts differ in. thirty thousand dlifferent places. Since John Mill, edition after edition has appeared, until not less than one hundred and fifty thousand various readings of the New Testament manu scripts alone have been found and pub lished to the world ! Mr. Finney then assails the doctrine of the Trinity in 1st John, 6, 7v.: " For there are three that hear record In heaven—the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost. and these three are one." On this passage rests the doctrine of the Trinity, or the "Tri personality of God." Trinitarianism hangs on it as the most direct, if not the only affirmation of this peculiar tenet. (To be continuld.) Charloe Peterson, a seamaun, has buon cured of lock.Jaw at the Adelaide Hospital. Charlorn and Jaun ''Pucker have boon com Initted for trial at thie Iathurst Circuit Court, 'for brutal t.rotulucnt of their dlaughter .Hlo, twoelvo ymrl old, who reconly ldied fom uexhaustion, debility, omaciation, want of sullciunut food, uand inhuman vonroruirl puniwhmont, 