iVEWS OF THE DAY. From our telegraphic intelligence it will be seen that there has been another large loss of life through a collision ct sea. The vessel iB the steamship Pacific, and 250 of the passengers and crew went down with her. Another item of interest has reference to tho marching orders which have been issued to . several corps of tho Russian army. The annexation of New Guinea hns also been urged upon the British Government by tho Anti-Slavery Society. In another column will be found an in teresting telegraphic account of the state of the German camps at the Cooked Hat, to which such a painful interest lias been attached by the reports of the sufferings of their occupants. These reports would seem to be somewhat exaggerated. At least, though there are sad signs of the want of foresight and provision which characterise tho movements of the immigrants, there is also sufficient evidence that the majority of them are quite able to face tho work of colonisation for themselves. Min- gling with the narrative is a curious strain of fanaticism.- One of the camps seems to he under'the control of a cataleptic woman, who claims to be herself m rapport with the Holy Ghost, by whose inspiration sho says she nets. The threat of a lunatic asylum, however, was quite sufficient to bring lier to hor senses, . An open-air meeting will be held this evening in the Eastern Market, for the pur pose of protesting against the attempt of Kir .1 ames M 'Culloch to introduce anew system of taxation without first consulting the people, ns is done in the mother country and wherever parliamentary government exists. As all classes of the community are deeply interested in defeating his scheme for heaping unnecessary burdens upon the in dustry of the country, there can be 110 doubt of their being well represented at the meet ing, which is only the prelude to further action on the part of the electors. There is something amusing in the way in which tbe self-satisfied free-trader plods his heavy way along the old beaten track, with out looking to tho right or left to the facts that are springing up in his very face. Thus at the very moment that the New South Wales Government has been compelled to find work for the artisans and machinists of Sydney, by ordering some State-subsidised locomotives to be built in the colony, that heaviest of free-traders, the Ballarat. Star, drones away in tho following sublimely un conscious style: — "We published a letter from Air. J. Eddy, formerly a member of tbe Eastern Council, and well known iu Bal larat for many years. He gives his expe rience of tbe condition of the labor market in New South Wales under a system of free- trade, and he finds that the working men arc tnuoh better oil" there thnn they are here. He shows that industry does not languish ; that the working men are not all shepherds, and that the workman gets limber wages and more for his money than in Victoria." Mr. Gillott, solicitor, acting on behalf of Mr. I. Coleman, hns written to Mr. F. C. Mason, M.L.A., intimating that his client intends to take action with reference to certain remarks made to the committee of the Victoria Racing Club by Mr. Mnson dur ing tbe investigation of tbe chnrgcs made against him by the bookmakers. Mr. A1 ason's intentions with regard to the matter are not yet known. A meeting of the Liberal party was held in the lecture-room of the Ballarat Mecha nics' Institute on Friday night. There were about ninety gentlemen present and Air, Henry Hen was voteu to tne ciiair. i ne Courier says : — Air. J. H. Jenkins, the hon orary secretary, moved, — "'1 liat one of the 1 plnnks ' or objects of the National Reform League platform be nn equitable and pro gressive land- tax." Air. James Al'Dowall moved as an amendment — " That a committee of five be appointed to draw up a programme to be submitted to a future meeting." Mr. Read seconded. Air. R. T. Yale objected to Mr. A1 'Dowall's amendment, and thought that a programme to be adopted by the pro- sent meeting would be much more accept able to the Liberal party than any that might be adopted by a committee of five. After a long desultory discussion, Mr. James Al'Dowall withdrew his amend ment. Mr. Barrie was of opinion that the association included already too much in its programme, and thought that reform ef the constitution alone would be sufficient to take in hand for years to come, without including anything elso. Then, ns to the education question, he thought this subject ought to be left to the public meeting that would he called. He therefore moved as au amendment that no further "plunks" be added to the platform of the nsiociation than thoso already adopted. Air. W. T. Campbell seconded the amendment. The motion was put and carried almost unani- mously, and Air. Barrie s amendment was lost. Mr. R. T. Vale moved, and Air. Evans seconded, that protection to native industry be one of tbe objects of the associa tion. Mr. John Towers moved an amend ment to the contrary, which was se conded by Afr. Alills. A long discussion arose on the question of protection; several gentlemen stating that although stanch protectionists, tliey were willing to allow that question to be subservient to the great principles of constitutional reform and an equitable land tax— two questions which would tend to such a unity tbiougbout the entire colony as would force those reforms through. On being put to the vote, the motion was declaied lost. It was then re solved that mining on private property be one of the principles or " planks of the association platform. A conversational dis cussion then enBiied, and it was ultimately resolved, on the motion of Mr. R. Ross — "That a monster meeting beheld at the Alfred Hall on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, for the purpose of inaugurating the ' Nutional Reform League.'" In response to an advertisement appearing in one of the daily journuls, about 150 per sons assembled in the Royal Bat k yester- day afternoon to tako into consideration the cose of Weachurch, who now lies in the con demned cell at the Melbourne Gaol, under sentence of doath for a murderous assault on Senior-warder Aloran. A chairman, whose name was not announced, and who was a porfcot stranger to tho largo majority of thoso present, having been selected, a gen- tlotnan named Miller rose to fiddrcss tho assemblage. Tbo greater part of his re marks, however, applied to gaol discipline generally ; and in tho caso of tho condemned man, ho was of opinion that the law should tako its course, as, oven supposing sentence of death wero respited, ho was at a loss to know what could be done with the criminal. It was impossible, ho argued, to obtain his release from custody, nnd to send him back to Pentridgo would simply be perpetuating " the sullerings " from which for months past he had been endeavoring to free himself. The'speaker concluded by moving — "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the case of Woa- chnrch calls for nn investigation, and it is advisable that a Royal commission should be appointed to inquire into the nature of our gaol discipline." Air. White wns of opinion that Royal commissions wero a farce. Wea- cnurcn ne tnouglit Had been subjected to groat aggravation, nnd as be did not in reality commit murder, sentence of death should not bo passed. Ho moved nn amendment to the oll'ect that a petition ho presented to the Executive Council asking for a respite of sentenco of death in Woachurch's case for twenty-eight days, in order that a searching inquiry might bo made into his treatment by the Pentridgo officials. The amendment found a seconder in Afr. Thompson, nnd was carried by an overwhelming majority. A rougli draft of the proposed petition was drawn up on the spot. A number of those present affixed their signatures, and it was announced that its delivery would be under taken by the chairman. An ordinary meeting of t.' i City Council will be held this afternoon. When financial accounts have been passed, the council will be called upon to consider a report of tho public works committee, reconnneuding, in view of the promised extension of the period for the abolition of tolls, and in relation to the Nydney.rond, that the approval of the Government be requested to the erection of a tollgate upon tbe road at the northern boundary of the city, with a catch -gate at Lygon-street. The health committee recom mend, in reference to the increased impurity and quantity of the Van Venn supply, that the committee be empowered to make further inspection as well of the feeders to their sources as of the aqueduct from the reservoir, and that the vote for this purpose bo increased hv a sum of £-10, in addition to £10 already voted. The same committee also recommend that tenders be invited for filling-up and raising tho level of Rosslyn and Stanley streets, West Melbourne, nnd of fiailway-plnee, near their western extre mities. The public works committee submit plans of proposed permanent levels of streets north of the cemetery, and west of Lygon- street, which will unable persons to build on the proper levels in that locality. The matriculation examination commences to-day. The number of candidates on the list is SS5, of whom 01 are ladies. Aa can didates must sit nt the table bearing the number which is opposite their names, they should ascertain their numbers before entering the examination rooms,, so that any confusion may bo avoided. The rooms are arranged for the candidates, as follows : — New Library, 1 to 1S5 inclusive ; old library, 187 to 273 inclusive; students' room, 275 to 350 in- elusive ; engineering room, 351 to 3S7 in clusive. Examination room, ladies only : — li to 3S2 inclusive. Although there were 3S7 nauies entered, two have been deleted. A rule 7 lint for prohibition was granted by the Full Court on Saturday against the jns- tiues of tho Central Bailiwick to restrain the enforcement of an order made by them on Wednesday, in the Alelbourne General Ses- sions, against James Anthony Aloltiue. The appellant did not appear to prosccnto his appeal from tho decision of the justices at Emerald-hill, ordering him to pay 10s. per week to Frances Titley for the maintenance of her illegitimate child. It wos argued that Aloltine hud the right to appeal open to him till December, nnd that the magistrates had acted prematurely. The rule was granted for the prohibition. A correspondent informs tbe Balhral Courier that as tho Premier and his party were returning through Bnninyong on Fri day from the Hardio's-hill show tliey wero greeted with a ronud of groans from the employes nt Graham nnd Co.'s factory. Tho South Australian Board of Education recommend the immediate erection of 50 new schoolhouses. The new buildings will be of three classes, nnmoly : — First- class class, costing about £1000 each ; and third- class, costing about £500 each. The total amount proposed to be spent iu new schools is £60,000. No information has yet been given as to when a start will probably be made with their erection, nor as to localities to which the different classes will be assigned. The turret-ship Cerberus returned to her moorings on Saturday last from a cruise down tho Bay, exercising her men with big gun and small arm praotiee. On Thursday last Sir John O'Shauossy and several other members of tho Defence Commission went afloat from Qucenscliff, and witnessed the firing of 10 solid shots while the vessel was under way. The practice was hardly so good as usual, but the commissioners ex pressed themselves highly satisfied with it. On the following day a party was sent ashore to search for the expended shot, and suc ceeded in recovering eight of them, and on Saturday the commissioners went on board and came up by the vessel to Hobson's Bay, which was reached at noon. Early yesterday morning on the Boundary- road, Hotham, Air. Alex. Cobb noticed three young men, named James Spc'nrs, Henry Aiitcliell and William FultOD, carry, ing some bidc3 from the directiou of Air. Solomon Peardon's tannery. Ho went after them, and on their seeing liim they dropped four hides, nnd ran away towards the Royal Park. Cobb immediately informed the police, and Senior-constable Callaunn with Constable Rivis went to the Park, and after a little timo succeeded in arresting the tbree young thieves. Spears was before tbe local bench last Thursday on a charge of stealing a water-proof cloak, and ns no owner could be found he was discharged with a caution. The trio will be brought before the local bench this morning charged with stealing hides, value £3 8s. Three boys were seen in Castlemnice on Friday with a barrow collecting bottles. Their father is a tradesman, who can earn £3 a week, but he hns little inclination for work wheu he has money to spend loitering about bars drinking beer. He is reported to take tbe few coppers his children make by the miserable culling he has allotted them, and spend tliem in the beer shop. The M. A. Mail states that the children, that they may the better support their father in his idle habits, are not allowed to go to school. The compulsory clause of the Education Act is much needed to be enforced insucb a case. A new defect in the Wine, Beer, and Spirits Act was made apparent in a prosecu tion for sly-grog selling at Saudburst on Friday, wliich may possibly require an amendment of the act. In a prosecution for sailing ale without a licence, Afr. Hughes, who appeared for the defendant, raised the point that beer wns not included iu the list of articles for the sale of whioh without a licence a penalty would be recorded ; and he referred to some clauses of tbe act in proof of his argument. The Bendiyo fnde. pendent says that the case was not decided on this point, but Mr. Hughes's client was acquitted on another point raised by him — viz., : tiiat the information having charged the selling of ale, and the witness having proved the selling of beer, the substances were so substantially and legally different tituk c»ii ua tu uuc vuutu uub auBiiitlu uu information as to the other. Tbe bench agreed with that view, and dismissed the summons, with cqsto. On Friday night no fresh case of scarlet fever had occurred at the Ballarat Orphan Asylnm, and those under treatment there were progressing very favorably. It is rumored in certain circles, says the Colac Herald, that the hou. Neil Blaok has sold all his cattle, and also his property at Alount Noorat, to one of the Alessrs. Fisher, who will reside on the station. The Portland Express has been informed on most reliable authority that a gang of men will be put to work to- day on the tramway between Portland and ileywood, for the purpose of repairiug the earthworks aud rendering them available for a railway. The party, which will be a large one, will commence at the Surrey River and work towards Heywood. Yesterday afternoon a service in aid of tho Melbourne Orphan Asylum was held at the Scots Church, under the auspiccB of the Pro testant Alliance Friendly Society. The Rev. A. Davidson was the preacher, Afr. Plaisted organist, and the choir from St. Stephen's Churuh, Richmond, gave their assistance. si -1 1- -it-lias. The opening voluntary by Hopkins— a fine piece of music— was played in excellent style ; the hymns and anthem, the latter by Dr. Stainer, wero well given. Tho conclud- mg voluntary, tho Hallelujah Chorus by Handel, was a good specimen of orHanolav ing. 3 At a meeting of tho committee of the Esscndon and Flemiugton Sparrow Club held in tho_ Town Hall, Flemington. od Friday ovomng, tho 26th inst., it was re solved that as the subscribers were so back ward in paying their subscriptions and the club was £8 in debt, tho purchasing of sparrows and sparrow eges bo discontinued, and the members be urgently requested to pay up their arrears, nnd nsais" in liquidat- ing the clnb a liabilities. Tho'ti fnmittee re gretted to take that step, for the club, if pro- perly supported, would do much goodf as since January last there had been 2907 sparrows and 4S34 sparrow eggs destroyed. Special morning and evening services were held at St. John's Church, -Lntrobe.street yesterday, in aid of tbe funds of the Sunday school. The Rev. Dr. Bromby preached in the morning, taking his text from Eccle. Bl&StdS.; ¥11.. 1 flltfl in f lia mtnninn 4l._ T> . L. L. Walker preached from Alalaclii, iii., 1 and 2. Tho collections amounted to £16 16s. Sd. The work of erecting the new temporary railway bridge and approaches for the Deniliquin.nnd Afonma Railway Company is progressing rapidly. The approaches trom the Echuca side aro all completed, and those from the Aloama side aro being proceeded with, the pile. driving machines beiug actively engaged near the river bank at present. The line is to branch off the Victorian line, nearly opposite the Wesleyan Church at Eohuca, and the Govern ment have already made the portion which will be the junction with their line. The line will soon ho carried ns far as tho bridge when tho material, can' bo taken to it direct from Arelbourne, without unloading at the railway station. The growing magnitude of the wine- producing interest of the Albury district is outstripping ordinary bounds. During last year 1250 acres of vines were under cultiva tion, and, speaking within bounds, the yield of wine reached 375,000 gallons. Every year adds to the acreage of the vineyards, and a correlative increase in tbe wines. The Border Post says The time has coine when the industry cannot be properly car ried 011 with advantage without the aid of increased capital. Several of the stone piers of the railway brnlgo at Bridgewatcr have- been built to the requisite height, but the work in the centre of the river is not yet commenced. Alen aro employed upon the line between Jnnlewood anil Bridgewatcr in advancing the work. At the usual sitting of the local laud board, held in the Warden's Court at Hay, N.S.W., n very glaring case of dutnmyism waa exposed. Two men named John Alnloney and Michael Frawley were called upon to prove their bona fides a3 to two selections under the 42nd section of tho Land Act Ibhii, in the pariah of Sedgwick. A decla ration was made by a man named Af'Carthy that these men were only dummies for one Colighlin, and it transpired that one of tho men did not select, nnd owned that he had no interest in tho land, though he had signed a transfer of it to Colighlin, who had pecgod both blocks out. Tho other selector stated that, though Colighlin had pegged out the land, it was not for himself ; that the crops from the three blocks, ono of wliich was owned by Colighlin, were stacked together. The board recommended the forfeiture of the land with improvements. As compared with the previous throo woelis' arrivals from foreign ports, tho past ono has been small, comprising the Express from Gcfle, Sarah Grioe from London, Pro fessor Molin from Soderhnm, Lady -St. Anbyn from Saigon, St. Afnre and Lady Sel- borne from Mauritius, and Frank Flint from Holmsund. Still there hns been a difficulty in finding accommodation for vessels at tho various piers ; the Loch Venncchar, which arrived last Friday week, having only boon berthed on Thursday last. Tho annual general meeting of tho Mel bourne Jewish Philanthropic Societv was held yesterday in the schoolroom at tho rear of the Synagogue, Bourke-street ; Mr. Lionel Marks, president, in the chair. Tho report of the proceedings of the past year, with the audited balance- sheet, was received nnd adopted. The incomo for the vear was £319 19s. 9d. subscriptions, and £;-;00 from tbo Government, and there had' been 1S9 cases relieved at a cost of £531 10s. 2d. The almshouses fund had b!_m increased by a grant of £100 from the gdlteral fmid, and had a balance of £115 14s. 3d. in the bank. Tho balance to credit on tlin onnnml tnn.l was £116 4s. Id. Tiie following gentlemen were elected office-bearers for tho ensuing year : — President, ATr. AY. B. Isaacs ; trea surer, Rev. AI. Rintcl, hon. secretary, Air. Alex. Alarks ; committee, Rov.E. Blnubamn, Alessrs. A. Waxman, S. De Beer, D. Ben jamin, E. P. Levy, and W. Davis ; auditors, Messrs. JosiaU Marks nnd Saml. Davis. Votes of thanks wero tendered to Dr. Wilkie and the retiring president with the other retiring officers. The man named AVm. Tully, who was re- ported in. The. Age as missing, returned to his home on the 25tk inst. The two £10-notcs stolen from a man in a low house kept by a woman named Johnson, who received six months' imprisonment on Friday for keeping a disorderly house, have been reoovered, and traced to tho pos session of Philip and Ann Cohen, who have been arrested by the detectives on a charge of stealing the same. About half-past throo yesterday aftornooa a fire broke out in a small barber's and tobacconist's shop, occupied by a Mr ,B. Cohen, 169 Brunswick-street, Fitzroy. Smoke was seen issuing from the front, aud the alarm having been given the local brigade were quickly upon the spot and extin guished the (lames, which were confined to a portion of the shelving, containing matches nnd cigars. ' The origin of the fire is unknown, but it is Supposed to have arisen from the ruts which infest the place having gnawed some matches. The stock and fur niture were iusured for £100. A fire also broke out about half-past seven o'clock last . night upon the premises oi I Mrs. Al. Davis, at the corner oi Jefi'oott and King streets. The shop was used ns a grocery store. Tho Afeihonrne I and local brigades were quickly summoned, I and succeeded iu confining the llanics to a I wooden partition aud some shelving. The I furniture was somewhat damaged by hasty I removal. The stock, furniture and effects I are insured for £350. How the fire originated I is not known. I A special meeting of the Alelbourne Kebrew I Congregation was held in the hall at the rear I of the Bourke-street Synagogue yesterday I afternoon ; Al r. S. Cohen, the president of the I congregation, iu the chair. The meeting I was called for the purpose of rescinding re- I solutions carried 2lst Alarch, 1875, having I reference to the appointment of a minister to I the Alelbourne Hebrew Congregation, sad I to take into consideration the recom- I mentations of the board of management, I acting on suggestions submitted to them I by the Reverend the Chief Kabbi and I the London Selection Committee. After I some discussion, the motion to rescind the I resolutions was agreed to. A long dis- I cussion ensued upon the recommendations of I the i liief Hnbbi, and it was ultimately re- I solved : — That a minister be appointed forth- I with, at a salnry of £500 per annnm, with a E suitable residence ; salary payable monthly ; Kj the appointment to be for five years ; at K the expiry of the fourth year fresh negotia- I tinns he entered into between the contracting C parties, with a view to the continuance or K termination of the engagement ; the ap- I pointce to be qualified efficiently to discharge the duties of reader of the law, and to be paid half salary from date of embarkntioa I to nrnvui iu iueiuouroe. oeverai iniawi tails in connection with the appointment were upon the notice paper, but several members leaving the room the quorum was not complete, and the meeting lapsed, tbe business remaining being carried forward to the next meeting. Another melancholy story comes from tbe Palmer. A party of diggers, prooeeding to wards the head of the right hand branch of the main river, came on a solitary tent in a gully at a considerable distance from any other camp, and oil looking into it found its two inmates dead. The probability is the poor fellows were stricken down by fever al most at the same time, and, as is frequently the case, were so utterly prostrated by that dreadful scourge of the Far North as to bo unable to call for assistance, and so passed away. They were diggers, and there was a stock of provisions, nothing haying appa- sently been disturbed, nor perhaps had any one passed within sight of the tent since their death. As a good many of the seamen of the Basilisk were paid off in these colonies be fore the departure of that vessel for Eag- K land, some interest attaches to the notice H just issued from tho Admiralty of the amount B Warded to the officers and crew for the cap- ture.of the Crishna, on 14th January, 1S73, fat breach of the Kidnapping Act. ThU dis. tribution commenced on 31st Angust, in the prise branch of the department of the Aocoontant- Goneral. The following are tho shares duo to individals in the sevoral classes: — Captain, £114 19s. 10d.; second class, £32. 12s. 9d.; third class, £27 19s. 5d.; fourth class, £1S 13s.; fifth class, £11 3s. lOd. ; sixth class, £9 fis. fid. ; sevonth class, £6 10s. 6cL; eighth class, £3 14s. 7d.; ninth class £1 17s. 6<L Referring to the case of the Rev. R. K. Ewing, the Wangaratla Dispatch states : — It wouldi- -appear that thiB gentleman de- clines to f Jllow out the terms of the resolu tion arrived at with respect to his case by the general assembly. Ho is not willing to resign his position as minister of the Beech- worth congregation and let the commission appointed by tho assembly decide his case. He objects that four of the commission are members of the very home mission commit tee which rejected him. It seems that there is no likelihood of the proposition of the assembly being entertained, and that Mr. Ewing and his congregations at Bceohworth and Stanley intend mutually to adhere to each other. A man named Alexander Murdoch, aged CO years, residing at Bacchus Marsh, was admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital on Saturday suffering from a fractured leg, . caused by his slipping off a dray which ho was driving. A man named Michncl Dor- mody, aged 38, coachman to Mr. Quirk, of Carlton, was also admitted, his leg having been fractured by the carriage he was driving npsetting and pitching him out. Such a scarcity of the " staff of life" as the past few weeks have witnessed in this town, reports'the Gundagai Times, has seldom, if ver, occurred before, hot an ounce of flour Could be procured from our storekeepers at any price, they were totally clenned out of this article ; while local bakers were reduced to the necessity of borrowing from neighbor ing farmers the wherewithal for the making of a batoh of bread. Several dray loads of flour have since arrived, which is re tailing at what to the poorer por tion of the population is famine price, .viz., £2 10s. (with a probable rise to £3) per bag ; coupled with the high price of butcher's meat, this isratlier serious. It is a fact that there are families in and around Tumut where the children have not tasted bread gfor many days together. Wheat- 'growing, for years past, has proved an un certain "spec," and this year but little wheat has been sown. However, the crops of this cereal in this district, though not extensive, are looking remarkably well, and promise more than the average yield. In the meantime all kinds of garden produce are plentiful, and the potato crops present a very healthy appearance. The Acting Government Astronomer re- ports : — The weather during the enrly part of last week was dull and showery, with . equalls on the 21st and part of the 23rd, but became fine and pleasant towards the latter part, with heavy dew on the night of the 26th to the 27th, followed by a beautiful clear Bky on the 27th, and a fine mirage over the Bay during the afternoon. The highest temperature in the shade, SC.O, was re corded on the afternoon of the 27th ; the lowest, 45.0, on the early morning of the 27th. The highest reading of the barometer, ; C9.995, occurred on the evening of the 25th, with a moderate S.W. breeze ; the lowest, 29.357, on the morning of the 21st, with a light westerly wind and heavy rain showers. Rain fell to the amount of 1.20 inches, making tho total rainfall since tho becrin. ning of the year 29.0G iuchcs, as coin- pared with 26.07 during tho same period in 1874; 25.07 do., 1S73; 2S.91 do., 1872; 27.11 do., 1871; 33.06 do., 1S70 ; 23.03 do., 1SG9 ; 17.09 do., 186S ; 22.32 do., 1S67 ; 20.49 do., 1SGG ; 14.5S do., 1865 ; 23.9S do., 1SC4; 29.30 do., 1S63 ; 20.S3 do., 1862 ; 26.18 do.. JSlil ; 19.92 do., 1860 ; 20.1S do., 1859; 17.9S do., 1S5S; or an average of 23.30 inches. Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall gave the annual picnic to the employes of the firm on Saturday, The party left Spencer-street station by special train at 9 o'clock, and pro ceeded to Sunbury, where tho picnic was hold on a portion of Mr. W. .T. (Jlarke's estate. There wore about 200 present, and a most enjoyable day was spent. A complete programme of athletic sports was gone through, the ladies' race being the most noticeable feature. Mr. T. Clements, as caterer, gave satisfaction. During the afternoon Mr. Brown, the architect of Mr, Clarke's new mansion, conducted a large number of those present over the building, greatly interesting them with a description of the numerous novel arrange ments he has designed for the premises. At seven o'clock a start was made for town, and the party returned to their homes thoroughly satisfied with the day's amuse ment, and ready to commence another year with renewed energy and zeal for the inte rests of the firm. L>a bonnambula was gtven at the Upera House, for the first time this season, on Snturday night, and attracted a very large audience. Miss Melville sustained the part of Amina. This lady is so attractive in appearance, and her acting so very natural nnd unforced, that her favor with the Mel bourne public is not to be wondered at. In each now representation she gives her read ing of the part with that vitality which is the groundwork of her successes. Her Amina does not compare altogether favorably with former representations of the character, but the freshness of her voice and unaffected style were very pleasant nevertheless, and but for the continual tremolo observable in her singing it would have been very satisfac tory. She was most successful in the duet witli Elvino in the first not, Take this Ring, which was re-demanded. Mr. Beaumont as Elvino was as successful as ever. The musio is very trying for any tenor, but he gave a most spirited interpretation of the character, and was received with frequent bursts of applause. Mr. Templeton did not appear to much advantage as Count Rodolpho. He was fairly successful in the "second act. Mr. George Leopold gave a broadly humorous edition of Alessio. Mrs. Fox repeated the part of Lisa, and Miss Royal that of Dame Theresa. In her en deavor to look old, this young lady simply suc ceeded in appearing hideous without obtain ing the desired effect. The choruses were not up to the proper standard bya long way. The tihoBt Chorus of the first act was well Tendered. The orchestra, though too small in number to be thoroughly effective, was as efficient as possible. The opera will be re peated to-night. The clever performances of Mr. Willard and Vol Voseat St. George's Hall on Satur day were listened to by large audiences. At the matinee the youngsters present were de lighted with the toy distribution that took place. In the evening the attractions were as numerous as heretofore. Mr. Smith, to whom the public are indebted for this inte resting entertainment, as well as for many others for years past, has shown his desire to deserve patronage by adding to his company Messrs. Beaumont Read and E. Farley. The songs sang by these popular vocalists were encored with great heartiness. Mr. Farley sang Calcott's Last Man very finely, and his rendering of The Will o' the Wisp deserves the highest commendation. Two finer Eng lish boss songs it would be hard to choose, and certainly no one in Melbourne could have interpreted them so well. Fidelia, the Fire Waif, has evidently many admirers, for on Saturday night the Theatre Royal was crowded by an audience that was not slow in showing their ap proval of the vivacity of Nell, the comi calities of Messrs. Giddens and Taylor, and the specially good acting of Mrs. Edouin Bryer. The same piece will be repeated this evening. The Apollo Hall was crowded on Saturday night by an audience that was greatly pleased with the performances of the Benson troupe. This week the company will bring their Melbourne season to a close. We have been requested to state that the de- CorC;.ions to the saloon of the steamer Edina were done by Mr. H. E. Haffield, of Emerald-hill. ' The opera di camera La Fete du Village, com- posed by Professor Hughes, will be given at the Athena-urn this evening. The operetta will be followed by a humorous entertainment, and a select soiree dansante will wind up the proceed- ®ie following sums have lieen received by Mr. Woolley on beualf of the Wallace family : — J. M., 10s.: a Friend, £5; a fellow passenger of Mr. Wallace on board the Rangatira, £2 ; W. and W., £1 Is.; a Friend, a parcel of clothing and £2 ; Mr. C. Ker, £1. The second of the series of lectures on tho Sun day Question will be delivered by the Bean of Melbonrno on the Scripture Warrant for the Christian Sabbath, in the Assembly Hull to night. Admission free. Mr. Thos. M'Phersou, J. P., will take the chair. The English sparrows ore having rather a rough time of it. Their garden robberies, and persist ency in filling up gutters and down-pipes, are most annoying to owners of property, so that any good they may be supposed to do is more than counterbalanced by the destruction they cause in ether directions, tiparrow clubB have been < formed for some timo in Brighton, Kew. Preston and other localities, for the purpose of organising efforts for the destruction of these pests, and now the residents of St. Kilda have memorialised tho mayor of the borough to convono a public meet ing to suppress -the nuisance. Tho mayor has acceded to tho request, and fixed to-morrow even ing at eight o'clock, at the Town Hall, for holding tho meeting. _ „ „ The People's Coacci t at tho Hall, Russell-street, wis well attended on Saturday evening. An excellent programmo was given by Missos Dolly Driscull and Cortissos, and Messrs. Henrix, Sinclair, Bentmni, M. B. Murphy, and Barry O'Mara. Mr. Frank Richardson was con ductor, and Mr. W. V. Lambert occupied the chair. The number of cases relieved weekly by the committee of the MelbourneLadies' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending 23rd November was as follows : — Families, 632 (numbering -Ool individuals), comprising— widows, 322 ; sick and infirm, 96 ; deserted wives, 52 ; wives whose hus bands are in prison, 10 ; wives whose husbands are absent, 37 ; wives whose husbands are par tially employed, 23; wives whoso husbands are unemployed, 24; aged couples, 32; single women, 32; miscellaneous, 4. Outlay during tho fortnight in relief of cases. £178 10s. 5.1. In dustrial home : Inmates, 31 ; expenses for the fortnight, £26 5s. 2d. ; earnings for tho fort night, £11 8s. 9d. Contributions thankfully re ceived by the hou. treasurer, bv any member of committoo, or by tho collector, Mr. A, Grant, Mr. Fletcher, of Elizabeth-street, has com pleted arrangements for importing first-class examples of paintings by modern artistf. A number of oils and water colors arc now on view, and they are good examples of modern art. Olio especially, a small painting of Loch Kck, by J. Miller, is a good landscape. It is painted with great freodonj, is cleverly composed, and dis plays great harmony and truthfulness of color. The Head of Loch Vcnnachnr, by the same artist, is instinct with tho freshness of a dewy morning in the Scottish Highlands, nnd literally " smells o' the heather." The other examples of this clever artist show his characteristic crispness ol touch, and are really henntihil" works of qirt. Loch Coruisk, Isle of Skyo, by J. A. Aitken, paints tho gloomy loch under the aspect of a wild sunset. It is an excellent study of color and form. Tho Duke of Argyll's Grounds, Rose- ncatli, is a fine study of trees, and is treated with great firmness and breadth. Tho collection is well-worth looking at, and will bo appreciated by lovers of the fine arts. The usual weekly meeting of the Immigrants' Home committee was held yesterday afternoon, Mr. Woolley in the chair. The medical officer reported that Mary Stanley was admitted on Thursdny, having boen discharged from the Lying-in Hospital, lu his opinion it was most reprehensible tlint sho should have been sent to the Homo without notice being given of the existence of scarlet fever in the Lying-in Hos pital. Some discussion arose upon the report, ami expression was freely given to the opinion that the conduct, of the authorities of tho Magdalen Institution was very injudicious in their not having given an intimation that scarlet fever had broken out in that institution. Tho committee ultimately decided that tho lion, secretary, Mr. Woolley. should communicate with the committee of the Lying-in Hospital and ac quaint them with their views upon the subject. Since the outbreak of scarlet fever in tho city communication botween tho female inmates and tho children and the outsido public has been entirely stopped, and tliu committee feel that all their precautions run tho risk of proving abortive if such careless proceedings are allowed to go on unchecked. We Imve received from the publishers, Messrs. Nicholson and Asclicrbcrg, copies of a cantata en titled Victoria, dedicated to the singing-masters of our State schools hy Samuel M' Barney, organist of St. Stephen's, Portland. It is notified by tho composer that this work is intended to fill a want which lie bus folt ia his own classes, viz., tho difficulty of procuring easy songs suitablo for children arranged in a consecutive series ; on which account, lie adds, no attempt has been mado at elaborate writing or exalted sentiment, cither in words or music. After this prcfaco it would he absurd to critically notice the work on its abstract merits, but it will he sufficient to say that tho work is eminently suited for tho purpose named. The melodies are just adapted for children, and both boys nnd girls liavo been considered in the libretto, which is tlSough- out sensible and characteristic. The music is harmonised for two equal voices, and generally a bass may be added from tho instrumental aecom-. imminent. This production should be useful in State schools, and the manner in which it has been produced rellects credit on the publishers and printers. 