Pure-T»e4 Stook for the Livetjool Plains Distriot. (from the Tamworth A'ews. ¿no. 58.) ' It " needs no ghost come from the grave" to tell us that one of the most important results of the c repetitive display of the various pastoral and agricultural societies, is the distribution throughout tne country of the best specimens of the live stock, ic, brought together at such exhibition«-particu- larly in reference to horses, cattle, and sheep. Cp ill quite lately, however, the practical advantage« available in this regard have only been accessible to the wealthy. The sires and dams of prize horses, cattle, and sheep, have been in the first instance im- ported by capitalists at great expense and in limited numbers, and the progeny of such costly stock have, in the eyes ot breeders, such a money value as praoti CA Iy to place them beyond the reach of men of mode inte means desirous of improving tbeir flocks and herds. This fact still retards the progress of the country's leading industries to a considerable extent, and lor some years to come is likely to operate in a similar way; but, we are glad to lee that, in spite of it, there are many pastoralists and ¡i^riculturists who spare no reasonable expense in udding to the stock-producing resources of the dis- trict. At the late Singleton Show the Liverpool Plains wau represented by several breeden, bent on securing the best stock their means would allow, among whom we hear of Messrs. Chas. Baldwin, of Manilla,' Andw. Loder, of Colley Creek (both of whom already are reputed as notable breeders), A. S. Bolton, of Walamore, W. A. Chaffey, of the Cock- burn Biver, J. Chaffey, of Tamworth, Pollock, of Wallabadah, and others. Mr. Baldwin has purchased a valuable entire pony, and two pure-bred bulls ; Mr. Loder, a pure-bred bull ; Mr. Bolton, an Arab year- ling stallion; Mr. Pollock, a pure-bred bull; Mr. J. Chaffey, pure Leicester ram and ewee and Mr. W. A. Chaffey, three pure-bred Hereford heifen. Of all these, we have as yet only seen the last-named lot, and they were well worth inspeptipp, They are all from Tocal herds bred by Mr. Reynolds, but pur« chased from J. T. Junor and Waddell, of singleton, both young breeders, but fast achieving a reputa- tion for higbly-'bred cattle. They averaged about £80 a bead in price, and were only at that figure ob- tained with some difficulty, breeders expressing a strong objection to part with well-bred female cattle. The first and best of the trio (to our faney) is Venus, 8 months, by Young Carlisle, bred by JT, Reynolds, a beautifully shaped calf, showing plenty of breeding, of the curly-haired Hereford family -curly all over the head and body down to the bock. Having "been pen-fed and well-handled, this beast touches very soltlv. and ia mm fectly tractable, though a large animal for ita ago. The other two are also handsome cattle, a trifle larger than Yen us, but not showing so near an ap- proach to fasbionab)e models, They are nearly alike in shape and colour, the smaller one having the advantage in shape, though a trifle under her mate in weight. Fanny, exhibited as 11 months) f) days old, weighs 688 lbs., and is by Lord Belmore, ' one of F. Reynolds'» breed. The Princess, her corni panton, entered at li months and 12 days, weight 653 lbs, and is by the celebrated Prince Charlie, dam Beauty. It will be remembered that Prince Charlie defeated all comers at Sydney, in the competition for the CbampioD Cup for the best bull of any breed. Venus was a prize-taker in her class at Singleton. With these three heifers, and his good bull LawBUit, Mr. Chaffey has now the nucleus of sa excellent herd of cattle. *. ' 