PRETTY MRS. GASTON. XXXIII. —WHICH TREATS -or THE MTSXBBIOUS MOVJEMBHTSOF MB-TJOBSON. Bv jJOHN.dESTEN Author of "The VirginiaComediam," "Dr. ; Vandyke," " Surry oJEg^s Ndl," d-c. r ' All the way back Waterford Mr. Jobson coiitinued to indulge in that coveit smile, and once or twice a low sound escaped from his lips whicfi' actually resembled a chuckle. Having^^ reached; the: tftw/.lte'is^jip. the street with the air of a gentlisman at peace, witli himself! and all the world; stopped in front of his office ; dismounted, hitched his horse to an old rack, much gnawed by the horses of clients; and going into the office found himself face to face with George Cleaye, who Tield a law-book before him, and was thinking of Marian. ; "Well, my young friend," said "Mr. Jobson, "a fine day, and you seem to be deep in the law. That's well—a hard mistress, and requires, says a great man, the lucubrationes vigmii dnnorum." : "Which will bring me to forty-five, nearly^as old-as you are, Mr.;Jobson." ; Tha young man's face was radiant; his voice like music.. . A few; moments on the, verandah at The Hollies had caused that. " Ai'-old as I am, I. am-sixty—feyery; day of it. I am an old law parchment— did not my dear friend, Mr. Gartrell, say as much ?—and' you, you "are. a'nosegay with the dew on it:-" ; Having mdulged in" this unwonted outburst of poetry, Mr. Jobson came up to George Cleave, sat down beside him, drew his chair; close, leaned over, and : looking, at -the young man over liis spectaclos, said in a low tone " Are you disCreet ? Can you keep a little secret—for twenty-four hours V' " A secret, Mr. Jobson. I think I can." " Listen then." And in a whisper Mr. Jobson made a hurried communication at which Cleave visibly started. His eyes were fixed uj O.i Mr. Jobson with the profoundest surprise ; the law-book escaped from his grasp, and he did not pick it up ; and, with this air of stupefaction almost, he remained silent, listening to the end. " Good lieayens," he exclaimed at last. "That's enough," said Mr. Jobson, suddenly rising. "Keep quiet, and remember—to-morrow at noon." "Yes, yes.". Thereupon Mr. Jobson went out of his office, walked down the street, and, reaching the office of Dr. Ralph Harrington, opened the door without ceremony and went in. Harrington had just come back from The Hollies, and never was the fuhiess of joy more plainly' written on the human face. This human being seemed to have had some elixir of life suddenly infused into his frame. His pale cheeks had grown ruddy ; his dull eyes as brilliant as light itself ; and the lip3 which so recently had expressed only disgust and weariness with all around him, seemed never done with smiling. Ralph Harrington was indeed the picture of abounding joy—a joy which had come to him like a burst of sunshine on that moonlight night at The Hollies. "Well, doctor?" "Come in, come in, my dear friend. Delighted to see you. What news >'' "The news that miracles have not ceased—that a man as thin as a shadow and as white as a ghost can be made a stout fellow with the reddest cheeks I ever saw, in a week." Harrington laughed like a boy. " Well, such miracles take place sometimes." "I see one." " I feel one." " So you and George Cleave are going to marry, your sweethearts—the right ones—after all, eh f " I hope so, what would you have, my dear Mr. Jobson 1 It is a man's fate to be entrapped—to be induced reluctantly to perpetrate matrimony at some period, sooner or later, in his mortal existence. A hard fate, my. dear friend, but how are we to avoid it? Struggle as you willmake all the good resolutions imaginable resolve that you will not desert the noble army of bachelors—and some day you find that your fate is sealed—that you are tied tightly to, the apion string of some little Blue Eyes." " Annie's eyes are not blue," said Mr. Jobson, putting in his protest. Thereat Ralph Harrington burst into laughter once more, and actually colored a little. " You are a terrible personage," he said, "and I see that nobody can mislead you. Well, yes, my dear Mr. Jobson, let me cease my jescs, and say that1 am as happy as a child this morning. I have had trouble enough in the last few months to break down.the strongest, but Heaven be thanked, it is over—yes, my .dear sir, I shall be married, I hope, to a person you know ih a month." " Good—very good/' said Mr. Jobson. "A fortunate tiling for both • and if I am not very , much mistaken, the noble army of bachelors will miss three of its recruits instead of two—the:third being Mr. J. Daintrees." « y es —it is as good as announced. An excellent fellow, Daintrees." As honest a main as I know, and has a good estate, as ypu have a good professional income which "is equivalent. Now for George Cleave. He is the only poor bridegroom. ' Let us come to George Cleave, and let me tell you what I have just told him." >••;••: Mr. Jobson then proceeded to make a communication to DritRalph Harrington, which caused that gentleman to stop suddenly as he was Ughtmg a cigar, and gaze at the speaker with astounded eyes. " You are surely not in earnest." " I was never moie m earnest in my life " " And— -to-morrow ?" •f At uoon.. Don't fail." And Mr. Jobson went out of the office without further words. He stopped then for a "moment, and looked around in a hesitating u Yes—it manner. is best, I suppose," he mut- He then Walked down the street, stopped in front of the comity jail; the iron-studded 4oor revolved at his knock, *md lie disappeared tfithm. 4 A q'uai cerof an hour afterwards he came out, went to his own residence—a comfortable house m'ihe outskirts of the to^n—and entering, aacfendedihe «tan-s As he reached the second iioor, Mrs. Jobson, a buxom dame in a cap, came out of her chamber, and exclaimed < * " i< Oh ? ~Mr.-Jobson. ? ' ^Wellf tiSadiMu^; iSsaid: Mr., Jobson, looking at the lady over his large spectaclcs* " Oh, Mr. Jobson," repeated the lady, breaching qnickly in an extremely agitatedmaiiiier; . . J " That is not an observation from which it is possible tb derive any precise information," said. Mr. Jobson with unwonted humor. .. " Oh, there's somebody in the greenroom. There's dpubt of it, Mr. Jobson. We heard liim walking about." "Him 1 why not her?" said Mr. Jobson. "The steps were too heavy, and tlie door is locked, for Molly tried it, and— you seem to think nothing of my agitation.. You don't believe me, and yet I heard—Mr- Jobson,, there's somebody in that room." " Nonsense, Mrs. Jobson/' was the < cool repLy, x I have alwayB told that your nerves would be the death ©f yon. You fill'me with anxiety, Mrs. Jobson. Your pale and wasted appearance leaves no doubt of the, state ©f your nervous system. You require a doctor, Mrs. Jobson." Which was the crowning joke of Mr.. Jobson on this day of unwonted jocosity —for the good: lady was as plump and. ruddy as he was wiry and parchment-like; in countenance. " There," , he suddenly said, " I see* your friend Mrs. Jones is coining up the steps, madain, to make you a visit.'" " Mrs l Jones. rI must change niy ; dress^. She is so particular ill everything." "The lady hastened- into her chamber, and closed the door. Then it suddenly opened againj and"she exclaimed ; ; . " There's somebody in that room^ Mr: Jobson; I heard them With: nay own ears." : . . r - Then the. chamber door closed—thistime finally. As soon, as Mr. Jobson Was Satisfied that the enemy had. retreated he wfent to the door of the mysterious apartment, gave a peculiar knock, said " It is I," and the door opened, closed upon him, and was locked again. The consequence was, that when Mrs.. Jobson came forth ih full toilet, prepared for further allusions to the noise in the green-room, Mr. Jobson was nowhere to be seen." CHAPTER XXXIV.—WAITING. At about half-past eleven in the forenoon on tlie day after these scenes, Mrs. Gaston and Annie Bell were seated in the drawing-room at Tlie Hollies, looking intently through the windows opening on the verandah; and evidently awaiting the arrival of some person or persons. The two gracious and beautiful creatures seemed to suit the place and time. They m : ght have been taken for sisters, so youthful did the rich complexion of her rosy cheeks and the shrinking little smile of Mrs. Gaston make their owner appear—and this resemblance was increased by the dresses which they wore ; dresses made of precisely the same material and, cut by orders from Miss Annie, in the very same fashion. This identity in costume was Miss Annie Bell's fantasy and she despotically .carried out her caprice down to the fbast details. Each wore a little bow of pink ribbon above the corsage ; each skirt was flounced and ornamented with rosettes ; and crowning, triumph of despotism—supreme indica- - tion of the fact that pretty Mrs. Gaston was wax in her companion's hands—the hair of the fair widow had been arranged by Annie in the la it fashion, and a rosebud nestled theie, as one nestled in herown glossy ringlets. The faces smiled and were as fresh as the rosebuds. And The Hollies smiled too. A bright August -sun had poured it s glory on the trees ; a slight wind pushed the white clouds across the sea of blue ; and the birds were singing and the flowers blooming as they seemed to sing and bloom nowhere else in all the world, except here, at this nest of doves—Tlie Hollies. So The Hollies that day and its inmates were a charming spectacle. But listen—this poetic repose is about to be disturbed. Hoofs are heard on the road beyond the grounds; the rider approaches the gate ; it opens and shuts with a clang, and Mr. Jack Daintrees dismounts and approaches the house. Annie looks at Mis. Gaston with her wicked and mischievous smile—at pretty Mrs. Gaston, whose cheeks resemble peonies in full bloom. " I think I have left my handkerchief upstairs, Auntie," "You little goose," is the murmured reply, " there it is in your belt." '•.Oh yes—I did'nt mean my handkerchief. My work- basket, my work basket. " No, Annie—no. I do not wish—" " But— my uncle Jack. Think, Auntie, what will my uncle Jack say if he sees me idle." "No-" And Mrs. Gaston holds the young witch by her dress.- " Let me go, Auntie." " No- -no." Suddenly Mrs. Gaston smiles and quietly releases her. "Well, go, as you are so anxious to. do so." Annie laughs in immense enjoyment, and is about to dart away. " I suppose I can "entertain both, my dear." And Mrs. Gaston smiles. "Both, Auntie." " I mean Dr. Harrington, too. I see him just coming through the gate." Annie suddenly stops and turns her head toward the window. Dr. Ralph Harrington . is .dismounting and ap<proaclies the house. " You will scarcely have time to get your work-basket, dear," says Mrs. Gaston, with A little laugh, which makes her charming : " You are the sliest, most miproper, most—Oh, what an absurd small auntie I have." She then vanishes from the apartment, as though to disappear up-stairs, but in some mysterious manner she happens to be at- the door when Ralph Harrington reaches it, A little murmur is heard—a slight noise of singular sort; a brief, quick incomprehensible sound, as if—but the sound is indescribable ; and then E>i\ Harrington enters and sahites Mrs. Gaston and Mr. Daintrees—Miss Annie making her appearance about five minutes afterwards, singing innocently as she trips downstairs, and into the room, where she politely salutes the gentlemen. . (To he contimicd.) The recent temporary drought, says the St/A rnaiid Times, has had one excellent eftect. It has induced several of the selectors to set to work at digging for subterranean ijbr^mi f and, in ihost fcases; "WStfo a measure of success, some having obtained water, 'at thirty feet, whila 'Mfcer^'si^ the :aqueo«8'drift* '•••' ' • " - J ' * '• 