MR. STUART'S SPEECH. It was to be expected that when Mr. Dibbs proposed that the Denominational schools should, after timely notice given, be . either turned into Public schools or dropped from the list of State-aid receiving schools, Mr. Alex. Stuart would appear as the Denominational advocate. We there fore looked forward with some degree of interest to the defence which he might make. We had studied the efforts which lie . made on the platform, and had seen that his ground was extremely weak ; but we expected that if anything could be pro duced in defence, it would be given in the House. We are satisfied now that the cause is gone. We complain of Mr. Stuart raising a false issue. The motion 'before the House was a simple one, to discontinue the aid at present given to English, Romish, Presby terian and Wesleyan schools ; and the speech supporting it gave reasons why that aid should cease. But Mr. Stuart, instead of opposing this motion by defending denoininationalism, and the denomination- alism at present maintained at the expense of the State, proceeded to discuss the general question that religion should be the basis of education j that in a mixed community the only natioual system was one which was mixed ; and that the present system was a reasonable compromise which ought not' lightly to be disturbed. On the first two .of these points especially the issue raised was unfair. Supposing it true that the " best system of education is based on religion," and that the best time for in culcating religion was during the "school life of the child," what has that to do with the question in hand? We should first have to define the term " religion f for if the religion be false it is not true to say "that the best system is based on1 religion.'0 Then we should have to settle, " Who is to inculcate the religion , for some will hold that the State ought not to inculcate religion at all, and others will maintain tha,t parents and pastors are the proper persons to do it. Mr. Stuart therefore raised a false issue, and misled himself and probably a few more, by presuming upon the statement that because it may be true that' " the best system of education is based on religion " when true ; and that because it is true that the school life time of the child is the best time for inculcating religion, therefore, our denominational schools should hot be disturbed ! This is not the logic which we should expect from a Scotchman ; for it is not only absurd but untrue to say that our denominationalism meets the conditions ; and, looking at the fact that the religions which it teaches are not one but two so diametrically opposite and contradictory that the one is false and the other is true, the first proposition of Mr. Stuart is a contradiction in terms. The second proposition is an extraordi nary one to come from Mr. Stuart, viz., this, that because the community is antagonistic in faith, therefore the national education should he mixed that is, that the State should support in the schools the antagonistic faiths of the people ! Surely Mr. Stuart does not deliberately hold this position. It is a monstrous one ; and, as far as it is acted upon in this colony it is so arbitrarily interpreted that Mr. Stuart ought to be the first to ask that the present arrangement he disturbed. If because the community has " widespread differences in faith," the education in the schools should be mixed by the State supporting the com flioting faith of the people, Why does Mr. Stuart advocate a system which confines that mixture to the four leading denomina tions ? This is surely not regarding the " widespread differences of faith," but narrowly shutting out a great many differ- ences. Mr. Stuart says that he meets with three classes of objectors to his views. Very well, those three classes have no shai'e in his " wide-spreading differences of faith for he maintains a system of edu cation which totally ignores their faith, and makes no provision for their faith in the schools ! But has Mr. Stuart really made up his mind to maintain the proposition that because a community has more faiths than one the State must provide fiyr those faithsby Denominational schools\ This is the " levelling up" plan with a vengeance. We can understand the argument of an Estab lishment, and we can respect the men who hold that the State should support the truth, or even one form of religion ; but we feel incapable of appreciating the principle or intelligence of the man who deliberately avows the position that because a community has different faiths, its schools should provide for those differ ent faiths ; and that the system based on this mixture will be both national and best. The third proposition of Mr. Stuart, that the present system is a " reasonable compromise," and therefore that it "ought not to be disturbed," is imreasonable, on Mr. Stuart's own showing. It contradicts his first proposition because it is not based on religion, but upon a recognition of false hood and truth ; and it contradicts his second proposition because while it pro vides for some distinctions of faiths in the community, it does not provide for the " wide-spreading differences" which are said to exist. The compromise pleases Mr. Stuart and a good many others of the Church, of England, the Bishop of Sydney, for example, and Mr. Kemmis ; but it does not please a great many others of the same denomination, for example, the Bishop of Newcastle, Dr. Barry, and thou sands more. The compromise does not please the Romish Church, for the authori ties of St. Mary's would get rid of it to morrow if they could make sure of some thing more to their mind. They seize hold of it, and applaud it, and petition for its continuance, not because they regard it as a " reasonable compromise," but simply because they see that they may fare worse ; and, while they are holding to it for this reason, they denounce it as a " godless and infidel" producing system ! Then the Pres byterians and the Wesleyans deny that the present system is a " reasonable com promise and more, all the other religious bodies say the same, not only because there is no provision made for their faith, but because they object to the State interfering with religion at all ! Yet Mr. Stuart says the " compromise is reasonable !" Again, we have to complain of Mr. Stuart because he will raise the ghost of the; " secularists" and. quotes from books which he knows perfectly well are re pudiated by the League as. warmly as by himself.1 Of course he finds it useful to point to the scarecrow of ' " secular infidels." But the educational reform movement does not proceed from " secular infidels:?' Y Again,1 we have to complain of Mr. Stuart because he insinuated that the League wished " to relegate to the Sunday school all religious teaching;" but this is not true, since it proposes that the hour allowed now by law every, day should he given to religious teaching, either by the clergyman or other authorized person. Again, we complain of Mr. Stuart because he trifles with the objection of " rival schools." Because Mr. Mills says that the Government " should not claim a monopoly in schools," therefore the Govern ment should set up and pay for rival schools to stimulate one another ! Mr. Mill never said that. Mr. Stuart next says that he advocates Denominational schools as a " civil light." Nobody denies the right ; but then any body who pays taxes has a right to deny the right, when the " light " is claimed to draw from the public funds. No doubt the parent has a "right to educate his child and to send him to the school he thinks best ; but the State has a right to insist that that child shall be educated ; and it has a right to say that it will not pay for the religion of any section of the people. It is vain for Mr. Stuart to say that the Denominational schools are not . advocated and supported on religious grounds. They are advocated on no other ground ; and, unless as aiding the Churches of England and Rome in propa gating their creeds, they would never be found " shoulder to shoulder " in uphold ing one system. We go with Mr. Stuart in . arguing that "History" ought to be taught in the Public schools. Our children ought to know the history of their country and the struggles of their fathers. The "galaxy" of talent and worth which history will reveal to the rising generation is of the utmost consequence. We should join with him 1 quickly in advocating that the children of Australia should know the history of the country from which they have sprung; and we will advocate this, in the sincere belief that in proportion as the people know the true history of England on the one hand, and of Rome on the other, they will see and feel the folly of the position which Mr. Stuart occupies, as arguing for the support of Popery by the State in order that Protestant schools may get sup port for Protestantism ! 