OUR BRISBANE LETTER. JUNE 0. Yoim readers -will not be in full possession of the present operations of the Crown by virtue of the pro- visions of our several Land Acts, without reference to a document laid before the Legislative Assembly on the 12th ultimo. This paper contains three' schedules'of proposed resumptions from, runs in the unsettled districts of Queensland, viz. :-The Burnett, i DarliDg Downs," and Maranoa. As this may "meet the eye" of some . one directly concerned in {he matter, I will enumerate the runB affected. They are -in the Burnett : St. David's Pall, Prazier, Penang, ¡ and Mount Perry. In. Darling Downs : Terrica, j Merriwa, Callandoon, Bromfield, Goondiwindah, I Goondiwindi, and ^Qungan. In the Maranoa : Warroo and Burgorrh. The proposed resumptions ate made I under the Pastoral LeaBes Act of 1869, section 55, which after providing for resumption by simple notifi- cation in the Gazette, bf an area not exceeding in the whole from , any -. ono run of 2560 acres, majt.es . the following further provision for more extensive resumptions, vis. :-That »ix months' notice shalt be given in writing to. the lessee; upon the expiration of which notice a BChedule of lands proposed to.be resumed from lease shall be laid before both-Houses of Parliament, and if not dissented from by «esolu ? lions within sixty days,.the reservations shall take effect. In the ¿vent, however, of any portion of siich 'reservations becoming alienated or selected, a pro¿or tionate deduction shall be made from the rent payable by the pastoral tenant, to be computed in reference to the grazing capabilities of the run affected. The time for defeating, by" resolutions of Parliament, any of the resumptions in question expires on the 10th July ; but as this falls on a Saturday, a day. upon which neither House, by its sessional orders, meets for busi- ness, it may be a question whether, the sixty days during which resumptions of this class may be jde feate'd by'resolutions of DO th Houses of Parliament may not be held to mean sixty of such' days-r-namely, " sitting days," on which any such resolutions could be passed. There may not be the ghost of a founda- tion to the legal mind for my suggested ^ possible in- terpretation oi the law, or. it may be provided for in , that " curer- all," the Acts Shortening Act. But for what it may be worth, and to all whom it may oon cern, 1 give it. ?i A large HIBBS of correspondence arising out of the exercise of the very varied functions of the Agent General for Queensland Käs been laid before Parlia- ment, Beyond the matter of the defective'railjray materiBl, to whjch I referred in my last, it'deals With the recent appointment of Immigration; Lecturers in Scotland and .Ireland, and with the summary dis- missal of Mr. Wheeler, the late secretary to ithe A gent-General. The ,former, of these two, subjects possesses at the present moment a somewhat-painful interest, from tho suspicion which begins to ¡jain ground that Mr. M'Devitt, the late Attorney- General, who was appointed lecturer in Ireland; was a pas- senger in the Schiller. The letter of-instructions to this gentleman, and to his colleague, Mr. George Wight, who has gone with a similar object to Scot- land, gave as a reason for the. appointments, ; the desirability of inducing an increased'emigration of paying passengers, with a view of ! relieving i the colony of the large expenditure at present incurred in the introduction of free immigrants ;, and it was considered that the inducements offered to this olas» by the facilities for settlement were : ample, if only they were widely and persuasively- promulgated. The selection of the. lecturer was in each case stated to have been mode on account of his personal^ ac- quaintance with the resources of the colony, as well as. with the habita and feelings of the people among whom hg was to exercise his mission. It. formfed a part of the scheme of the Government, that while MesBrs. M'Devitt and -Wight were endeavouring to influence the.people of Ireland and Scotland- to bring their money, their bruins; arid their sinews to assiBt in the development of .our resources, the Agent General should ,personally use some ; medium, ol lecturing to set before the people- of. England . the . superior . advantages which ? we haye to offer tc \- emigrants. It ta only fair to Mr., Wight to say thal 'after a tour, taken before his departure through! the Bevern! agricultural portions of the southern district he found it necessary to report his deep conviotioi that increased: facilities for settlement on the good lands of. the colony, constituted an indispensable con- dition of'the successful and continuous flow, c-: suitable immigrants from the mother country. j- This opinion, coming as-it docs from a dispassionatt I and competent judge, invests with increased interés the- measures " now before.the House having for theil ¡ object'those improvements of the law which : Mr Wight pointed to as, essential to thé full succejB ol his mission. In reply to his instructions Mr. Daiutrei Bays in effect that he will lecture if the.Government w ho by-the-byo work him as only the willing horsi gets worked, will leave him time. He urges, however very strougly, the-superior value of a complete hand book, compiled truthfully but regardless of expense and ECnttered broadcast through the land. He ha already issued a very creditable production of th kind, but it wants enlarging, and he. asks forth co-operation of the colony itself in preparing some 0 the material. The splendid brochure, lately issued i the interests of New Zealand, seems to haye put Mi Dawtree.on his mettle ; and, in his recommendation to" " the Government/;,,he,', isTfull/ to the brim'; of that spirit of commerce which evinces itself in the publication ol gorgeous illustrated-catalogues of what the trader has to.-sell.. | The charges against Mf. "Wheeler were'that (during Mr. Daintree's illness and inferentially when the con:rol cf his chief was temporarily removed) ' the , usual discount ot 2!r per cent., together with the ordinary trade discounts, had not been allowed to the Government, while gooda had in some cases been. invoiced too high ; that freights had not been secured at the lowest rates ruling ; that the usual discount of. 10 per cent, had not been allowed on insurances ;; that needless expense had been incurred in inspecting go ds supplied by first-class,houses ; and that, despite ' inspection^ in the case of railway material, a great amount ol rubbish had been.palmed off upon the colony'. For these reasons Mr. Wheeler, being the officer who in every case had .certified to.the correct-! . ness of charges, and Mr. Dempsey, CE., who had passed the railway material, were summarily dis- missed." Mr. Daintree in replying to the letter conveying this order and its causes, defends: his subordinates", and especially Mr. Wheeler, very ably, and with the greatest ease disposes of the bulk of the charges ; and in concluding he insists that unleBB the . Legislature define the responsibilities attaching to the Agent-General, and also how far his subordi- nates are responsible for. special woik intrusted, to their hands, " no , gentleman of honesty of intention who values his good name more than anything else, will in futiire be found to undertake its onerous and multifarious duties." He addB : " Some extra security against exparte statements being,used tb crush subordinate employés of tho Government in England, seemB,also to be called for.'! At the time this letter WOB written, Mr. Wheeler's successor was on his way to London ; and at the date of the Colonial Secretary's reply, the new secretary to the Agent-General had been installed two months iii his office. That reply reiterates the charges by the light thrown upon them by Mr. Daintree's letter, and undoubtedly fixes upon Mr. Wheeler a want of suffij . cicntrcare, in protecting the Goyerriment from over- payments! 1 Ifthis were pr'qved in no other way, it is evidenced by the fact that the IO per cent, discount upon insurances was refunded by the shipping firm without dfrriur upon being, applied for. Not a sus- picion of collusion or want of the strictest integrity rests upon Mr. Wheeler, and it is a serious question whether, remembering how powerless he waa to set himBelf right under the peculiar action taken by the Government, summary dismissal before he was heard was not unmerciful. The: whole matter will, how- ever, be shortly discuBBed in the House, as Mr. Palmsr has given notice of a motion condemning Mir. Wheeler's dismissal, and calling upon the Govern- ment to reinstate him. The House hos got into a more deliberate mood upon the Western (quondam " Continental ") Railway ' Bill. LaBt evening the resumption of the committee was followed by some hours of solid argumentative debate upon Mr. Graham's proposal to extend to the whole colony the system of construction by means pf sale of lands. The amendment was lost by 24 to 15 ; but more .than one of the adverse voteB were baaed upon the suspicion that the proposal was a coven attack upon the policy of the Government, and tbe: subject was therefore not altogether discussed upon }ts merits'. The House, on both aides, appears now to in- ; tend to proceed with the measure ; and as an earnest that the Opposition favour the immediate construction of the 200 miles involved in the Roma line. Mr. Palmer has given,notice of a motion inviting the Go- vernment to bring jorward for approval the plans and sections, so far as they are complete, with a view to the transfer to that line, without any interval of non-employment, of the large body .of. navvies now engaged in completing the metropolitan extension. It would certainly be in the last degree, undesirable to allow some hundreds of railwpy' labourers and mechanics to leave us, in search .of emplfiyment in the other colonies, just as we are about to enter upon an extension exceeding in mag-', nitude anything we have done yet. At the same time, the most recent experience leaves it open ito.' grave doubt whether the system of email contracts which' hoB prevailed upon the Brisbane line is riot at once coBtly and inefficient ; and I am disposed Ito. think that the colony will expect that, whatever temporary arrangement may be made for the imme- diate employment of our spare navvies, the work will be ultimately let in laTge contracts, under highly skilled engineering superintendence, so that lat least_ the cost of construction may be as-*' eertainable - a simple, piece of information which it is very questionable whether any one . concerned in the section now being finished iip could,afford. Weather permitting, the first passenger train will start from the metropolitan station on Monday, next. Brisbane is fortunate in having got the station!, into the heart of the city at this early period of ¿ts., history, and any one conversant wdth the inconveni- ence in this regard to which Sydney haB been for so many years subjected, will be glad to.observe that the engineers have at last matured' a plan for bring- ing the terminus nearer to the traffic in your, coin: pared with ours, giant city. . LBBt night the Attorney-General introduced his long-promiBedEducationBUl. Knowing,however, the keen interest which the general subject possesses for. mony of your readers, I shall not keep my letter back for it; although it will probably be published to-day, as I should like to read it carefully, so as to give them in roy next a careful reiumé of its contents. Tho. annexation of New Guinea seems to be exer cising.'the minds of all the .colonies. An address to the Queen upon the subject has already been passed by the Legislative Council through its first stages, and one is pending in the Lower House upon the same subject. The exact meaning of this race to bring ¡the matter under her Majesty's notice is not quite cléar, . as it is difficult to see the immediate and direct odvan . toge to be gained to any one of the Australian colonies more than another-,by the annexation ; but if any such advantage be obtainable, the munificent enterprise, with it».unselfish and noble aims,, of Mr. Macleay, ought to secure it for New South .Wales. 