THEATRE ROYAL. Mies Adelaide Bowring took her benefit at this place of amusement on Friday night, July 30, the programme consisting of "Lady Audley's Secret," and Byron's laughable burlesque : of " Black Eyed Susan, or the Little Bill that was taken up." Miss Bowling's acting as Lady Andley showed that careful and accurate display of varied passions for which the lady has made herself a name. The Lady Audley was a finished performance. The support afforded to the heroine, however, was far from what it should have been, and moreover the Siece was very indifferently put upon the stage, tr. Harry power as Bibbles made the most of the low comedy of the part, Mr. Frank Towers play ing Bubbles. Mr. J. Martin was moderately suc cessful as Luke Marks, and Mr. Vinoent walked through the small part of Sjf Michael Audley, while Robert Audley and George Talboys were impersonated by Messrs. Wolfe and Osborne respectively. Miss Hate Douglas appeared as Phoebe, and Miss Caroline Wallace as Alicia. At the close of the drama Miss Bowring was called before the curtain. The burlesque, with j Miss Rosa Towers as William, Mrs. Frank ! Towers as Susan, Mr. Frank Towers as Captain i Crosstree, Mr. Power as Dome Hatley, ana Mr. | Martin as Deggrass, formed an amusing conclu- i eion to the entertainment. " Susan Hopley, or the Yicissit udes of a Servant Girl, "and "Dick Tur pin," ] were the highly-spiced dishes prepared for the palate of the Saturday night's audience at the I Royal. The first of these is, as most are aware, ' an old-fashioned, intensely stupid, and impro bable melodrama, abounding in murders, rob beries, abductions, rescues, old manor- houses with trap doors, secret recesses, ghosts, blue fire, &c.;, &c.; The principal personages are a pain fully good servant girl, with Daniel Webster at her finger ends, a gentlemanly villain, a black guardly ditto, a virtuous young miller, lover to the heroine, a comical butler, and a rather eccentric young costermonger. Miss Bewar ing sustained the r6U of the servant girl, Susan Hopley; and had it been poBEoble to make anything of a character so obviously absurd would doubtless have succeeded in doing so. As it was ehe dressed appropriately and acted well. Mr, Towers was in his element as the love smitten purveyor of vegetables, and kept the house amused. Mr. Power also provoked laughter as the cowardly old butler. Messrs. Martin and Wolfe appeared as the wicked gentleman and his accomplice, and Mr. Osborne was rather stilted as the rustic lover. The second piece appeared in the bills as " Dick Turpin's Ride to York," though why thus described it would. Ve difficult to say, seeing that the rascally cutthroat, as depicted in the play, never leaves the village, which Is supposed to he the scene of aotion. The play is one of the same class as " Jack Shiep pard," which was condemned in our notice of July 12. The whole aotion is objectionable^ and tbe teaching impressed on the youthful mind is that dishonesty is not only a rather pleasant and profitable, hut absolutely a very merito rious mode of obtaining a livelihood. The sooner such performances ore entirely suppressed on the public stage the better it will be for a considerable section of our rising community, who are likely to be enamoured of such perni cions precept and example, and who unfortu nately require no great incentives to virions habits. The next change which the management brrught forward was a marked improvement in almost every respect on anything the company have before attempted. On Monday night the first piece was the well - known "Rough Diamond" in a condensed form. Miss Bowring gave a very pleasant picture of a hoyden country girl transformed into the fine lady, and her natural acting was much enjoyed. Miss Wallace was lady-like and effective as Lady Plato. Mr. Martin, as her pompotiB old husband, made a creditable appearance. Mr. Wol'e and Mr. Osborn ware not amiss in their respective parts, and Mr. Harry Power made his happie-t bit of the season as Cousin Joe, whiob r6U he rendered in a manner deserving of high praise. After an interval the curtain rose on the principal busi ness of tbe evening, Byron's-sparkling extrava ganza "Cinderella." It had been announced that something special would be offered in the ®ay of soenery, effects, and properties, and certainly the promise was fulfilled to the letter. We hare seldom if_ ever had burlesque extravaganzi presented in better style' in Adelaide. Evidently expense has not been spared, and the result wa« most satisfactory. The transformation and final scenes were tasteful and very beiutiful, the dresses good, and the general get - up of the piece highly commendable. A number of original and most amusing novel ties,,- were introduced in (be harlequinade, in eluding a burlesque of the *' Man Fish," the lightning oalculator, the ventriloquists, Messrs. Davies and Boeco, the spotted boy, and Miss Sanvill, some of ■which were ludiorouB in the. extreme on account of the clever manner in which originals were travestied. The characters were on the whole well sustained, MissBosa Towers made a fascinating little " Prince Poppette," evidently throwing her whole heart into her werk—singing, dancing, and acting with an appropriateness and grace which would have been praiseworthy in avery much older performer. Mr. Towers as the eldest sister of the ill-used heroine was excruciatingly funny, and kept the house in a continual ripple of laughter. His efforts as clown were also provocative of mudh merriment, especially in the impersonations of the ventriloquists^ calculator, and man fish, Mr. Power again distinguished himself as Dandini the valet and harlequin in the panto mime. Mrs. Towers appeared to advantage as Cinderella, and Mr. Martin as the Baron. Mr. Osborne as Aledora the tutor, Mr. Andrews as Buttoni the page, and Miss Wallace as Hisbe the seoond sister, entered thoroughly into the spirit of their respective idles, and contributed greatly to toe general success. The characters of Honevdew the good fairy and Columbine were essayed by Miss Maud Dauvers, a young lady who therein made her first appearance on the stage of the. fioyal. The reception aocorded to her was very encouraging, and was well earned. She has a p'easant face, good figure, clear and rather childlike voice, and she dances with considerable skill and elegance. The pantomime has been repeated on' several evenings since. 