. (,'-;: " C '-'.l No. I. ; ^ ? '<. . '1|B rU: MIHSIIIKAIIY.] .. sa .> -fri ON ti bright Sunday morning in November Ina! I otoai on, tho fine level glceu in iront of, tho misaioa-houeio. nt, Nukualofa, Tor.guti.bu, watching tho dispersion of the largo nativo congi epatiim who had been wo-shipping in fhe queer-looking ofiureh which orowu th« neighbouring hil), whore tho great war fence stood iu tho old iie.ttbon times.! lt was H plçasnut steht to too Ihd ntlivoa it their oiradny costtime, gathering into groups for a trt'cndly shake of the hitcd nnd H little chat before s-mntcring leisurely down the bill in various directions towards their homes. . A touch of 'th»'.ludicrous, however, was not wanting to tho soone, for Wost Cj'Q)ho mtn were dreeoed out in full suits of English broadcloth; not a few nf them wore that abomination of civilUntion-tho black belltopper hot, and hobbled painfully ulong with feot enoiieod in, unxocustomed tooti, while the women displayed the' latest colonial fashions in . rich ? and ooatly material, for monty ÍP eo oaelly oatned by the Tongan thit ho cnn affi rd to spend it freely, mid his soil delights'ia dtoeeing himself end his family a'. lOist oneo a week in wblte fol hu' raiment-a most uncomfortable and unsuitable garb in a climate euch an his. After tho great crowd of worshippèfs bnd,elispcT.:ed, n y oje was caught by a long lino of fine bright-I.-iokinir young keri, who issued from the church and caine m irebing down tho hill, two nnd two, keepinp stop with admirable pre- cision. They woro dressed in a sort of uniform, connoting of long loose* black cloth jnoko'e., ? white shirts, and white trousers, tome of, the foremost oouples buiug dis- tinguished from their follows by wonrln;,' tho snunre ílat- tcppctl collego oap. Those. wore tho students of Tuboa Colligo, and thoso nf thom who wero tt.us dietinenisheií wero tho Miitomulika, ur men of tho bignoBt form. By their sido,, nt, intervals elong the, lino, walked the nativo nssist^nc tutots, ta- n who had tieon trained in tho collego, and had earno,l tt-oir prosent ¡ poîiiion by good conduct and hard honest work. Tho pro- i cession Vos a sight lo sec, and 1 watched it with delighted j «jes, During tho remainder of my stáv ut Nukualofa, I look evory opportunity of gaining information con';erninî tho colli pe; ord, though its oourleus tutor, tho KMV. j Jami s Kgnn Moulion, pliced all his sp.iro timo at my dis- j posai, and gave me every facility for-'scerttining tho tyetflm | on whioh ho works, and far testing tho acjniremsnts öf his pupili", so deop was tho intorost ex iited by what I saw and heard, that I loft the group without having boan able to I .cunio to nnythinft Uko a full satisfaction of my curiosity ;l for cvtrj ting whioh enmo undor my noeico nvtdo me eager! tor further information and tho moro I learned the moro I. wimtcd to know. ..'.'.. j Tho college was established, and is carried on, under tho) auspices of tho Australasian Wesleyan Mission iry Sooioty,' which haa been exceptionally fortuunta in ita choico of'a tutor. Nr. Moulton belongs to o family which h'ts won] for itself a high reputation' for 'scholarship. Ono of niel btothirs. tho Hov. Dr, Moulton) is on tho Itoynl Commis-i sion for tho rovisien of tho aittboriíed version of ibo Scrip.¡ tures,iand, as everybody knows, tho members of that coin-; mission woto rBreiully chosen from among the ripest: scholars in nil tho land ; Rnothet of his brothers was een;or< wrangler nt Cambridge a few years aijo ; and Mr. Moulton! . himself worthily 6itstainB the family reputation, Not only is ho a foholnr of very, oxtooslvo acquirements, but he has also in great perfection that rnro gift which make? ai thorough tencbor-a gilt vory much rover than is commonly* supposed, and ono which mero learning can novor bos- tow.; Learning is indeed requisite to make it efioctive ; out a man; niay understand all mysteries and yet n it. have it, for thc* possession of knowledge eloos not necessarily give tbq' faculty of imparting it to others. Thna, when Pialstroturf Caxton took his Greek vertes to his f *th«'r for correction^ and watched him slowly passing his pen through line af rot line, and ins'rting exquisite substitutes, he lwkod why these wero so much bolter than his own. "But you ought . IO./IW why." waa tho only explinatlon hts.father could ;£ive. Austin Caxton was a wonderful scholar, but ii, niiperRble'fenchei1.' > '" The fame of Tubon College had reached me severaj ? years before ray visit- to tho iolande, and I have tu coates) /hat I took with me a strong prejudice n^»inst it; for in im) rctsion hod been made upon my mind that Slr. Moult toe'e ij f tom próvldt d exclusively for a hij h-olasa eduoationi nnd (hat the lower branches of study woro negUo'-d, if not despised, by him ; whence it seemed to mo th et this EJE'ern could not b'e appropriate to a peoplo each as' the Tongans; who aro but just emerging ont of barbarism. A very short ' time, however, when I had tho workinir of his syntern beforrrriy eyes, and was able to make personal inspection of its results, sufficed to show that my prej udics was utterly ? without foundation. . Ho docs not teach the higher subjects: to all his pupils; "When the young men como to him they are placed in tht ' lowest class, whonce they havo to work thoir way upward*. ' Those of them who'mnnifoat a capacity far tho highe) ' studies scon come, to the front, and thus each year forms ...itself into two divisions, each of which ho takes through ad appropriate course of instruction, by no merma nogleot nu tho lower in favour of tho higher. " Ho hai adopted the ntndy of Euclid as at once a woful inentil discipline and a test of 'ntellectnnl capacity, not however insisting ; ,upon it } i a test of universal application. All general rmles ¿avei their exceptions ; but he has found by ' actual experience, what seems reosOnubla cnouirh attirât ' 'sight, that n'native who cnn take in and follow out s process .of pure reasoning, such as a demonstration of ? Euclid's, , is generally capablo of understanding ana appreciating tho /acta of nitural science, Those ¡of his inen who show this aptitude aro draftod into the higher ' 'classes,'villis the othera toko their places onthelowe'r . forms, and receive a plainer éducation. Many o[ the lutter " have/proved themselves to bo utoful men, and are doing , good work as toacbers in tho common schools; clerke to Gf.vernnióat offices, <%o. ' The students are supplied from throe sources. Some are sent to Mr. M. from the varioUB ; islands of the grouf by theTnissiona'ies, under whoso hands thoy aro supposed to have gone through a preliminary course of training!; others aro eone of chiofe, who aro sent by tho Government, ?which paye a Email,bum nnnnally towurds the ortpense oif their jducâtion ; and a third class consists of exhibitioners "fremNV public sohools-lads [who distinguished theint f elves at the yearly examinations, and thereby g.iinod the privilege of passing through tho college free of cost, k privilege of no small value», the course being fr«m three to five years. These; ag far na educational attainment M ' concerned, are the moat promiaing of Mr. Móulton's pupils,; for, from the fact of their having distanced all thoir oomî Petitors in the schools, wo may conclude that they «ré . the brightest among tho lads of their yeir; end, moreovef, , .th'oy.com'e to him, BS; a general rulo, at an earlier ago than tho rest of his students, while their minda are in a plastic state,' to that'ho can mould thèm as ho will. It ie to be . hoped that their number will be increased; for, not only eui they msko tho beet scholars, but tho gift of the exhibitions mnsf.bo a poworful etimulus to tho lads in the public schools. The men sent by the mission .rlei aro' bound to enter'the mission work, but the exhibitioners and th» . stuients sent by tho Government aro free to ohoose their ovin course when they loaye the. college. I in noaiiion to answering very lally and olcarly all thfe inquiries which'I could lind limo to make, Mr. Moulton , gave his students into tho hinds of; another visitor and myself for two or three hours ono afternoon, allowing us to'ask them questions bearing upon tho étudies they had been pursuing. This examination was pleasingly varieii ' by musical, rerforraances. Several pieces woro sung at intervals by his pupil?, his senior native aaairtant tutof, David Tonga, playing the seoompaniinent on a fine harmonium. Tbet-e were well worth hearing; but mît delia ht reached its highest pitch when he himself sat dowfa i to.tho instrument, and, bis lade gathering rqunej him, g*vfe us Mozart's " Gloria in exoelsis," and the Detttngou T,e Drum," with wonderful accuracy as to both time ami tune ' Fom'o Of the voices wero rather husky, whioh ia probably attributable to the Tongan habit of straining the vaioe ip singing beyond its natural oompass-a habit which Mr. Moulton has had to fight against with each sucao?»i\je reloy of, students ; but, unfortunately, tho mischief ie generally done before the men oomo into his hands, and it ts irreparable. This, togethor with the absonceof htf female singers, caused a want of clearness in trie higher partB, but the tenor and tho b rsa wore) inoit , ,,admirable. His musio books aro printed by himself oin a system of hie own, ligures hoing usod instead of the ordi- nary notation. He wns fore'd into this by the necessity under which he lay of doing his own p-inting -iithm tttê college. Much of it indeed in tho earlier d.i>eof hie tut'.rthip had to be dono by his own hands. Tho first clase of his pupils and the eocond demot) ilrated re-pectively the olghth proposition of the third book of Euclid, and the forty-seventh of the drat. At hjie ' suggestion I diotated tho letters for the various points KI tho diagrams, selecting them at random from all pins 6t ? the alphabet, and I was moreover hurdheutod enough to insist on an alteration in the pDsition of the diagram in the tccond proposition, placing the right angle at tho left-hand 1 corner of rho triangle instead of nt the apex. Hence lt Js ' evident that ii tho stud- ntB hud merely learned toe deenon ' stralioa by heart, they must have been o;iiuplotoly n>n i plused. The diagrams woro drawn by David .Tonga, at their ... dictation, Mr. M, putting thom on, not in regular mtati'ri, but calling upon flret one and then another without regard to the order in whioh they etood btforo tho black-board. In each case the construction was oompleted with mt a li »w, nnd tho demonstration worked out in » m tunar whioh would havo warmed the heart of Euclid himself.'oould he h'ive be'on preeeut in tho flesh to eeo and hear, and which would have givrn special delight to his well-kubwn editor, Mr. if.. ; Potts, of Trinity College, Cambridge, wh iso book has found it way ov<n to these isliinde of tho sea. At eaoh atepiu tho loosening which depended upon a foregoing prono*ition, ¡I «'ked for either tho number or tho enunda' ionof thitpropo \ fitton, and in every case either oho or the other was correct Jy , given by eonio oneof tho studsnts. In short, thoy did their work ' Admirably weil, very muoh better than tho vapt niujorlty of brijfs in my time ojuld hive dono it niter passing through » six or seven years' oourso of instruction at any ono of our linglieh public schools. Goom itry waa . fo'lowed by thoolopy, in which tho lads acquired theiu nlvcs very creditably, following out nn orêorly and con- nected process of reasoning, fortified by texte of Setripture aptly and cortecfly quoted. In physical geogr-ephy they gave us an interesting account of the great ocean currents, tracing them ou a largo map drawn for the purpose ; and tbis they did in s manner which showed that, as far hs ¡hoy had gone, they not ouly uuderatood tho sub- ject but wero deeply interested in it. When it took them among tho icebergs, I felt not a little \J curious to hear what thoy would call frozen '?' "water, a thing for which there could not b'é a word in . their language, and, to my groat delight, tho btight-ïook i.. lng' ye- nng,fellow who. was dealing with thit part of the t.' inbjcot spoke of ioe, as vaiiuoc, pr ll< sloepjing wator." "And," said he, ''when tho bergs, are drUioi by'winide and currents to the warmer latitudes, the nun shinos'upbn ihe Bleeping v<gt«» rind they awake," How muoh beUei i8,thia t>öi»ieian pur . English. word dope into, .Tongan !: It yrère «¡élt' miesiónarléB would al wayii remember tlftt,; whin't"he lmago'cf'tho people arno'ngiwhom thoy'ilvo ls, cnpabletfrof. fessing, a: norç. idea, thoy do , ir, ^, positive wring by intucing n- foreign word. Such words aro of the, greatest 'ip when they'till up .a gip which could Hot1 Í otherwise bo ld, and in that case they should bo welootned' j gladly ; but va the foreigner1 thrusts itself in uncalled-for t by,our,need,i especially when it. jostles a homely native' I word out of iawful hereditary plrtoe, Hhon'it is aa,tm I pcrinent infer-nay¡ a hostile invader-and ovuty ; patiiotio fonlrht to bu firedrwith indignation aud ttlrred j up to rejeißt tlntrusion. Such worde may indee.! bo kept ! ; for spuring ma eynouyroB, or to avoid alliteration.' "We \ ) mny let them nd in tho outer court, ready to come whon wo chooro to c them, but we out; ht nnver to give thora, a j ; pluou by tho Irth which belongs to un eli nnd trusty i servant. If vjursolvea hud kept this in mind, we ebould not have ailed ' that wretched barbarism " reliable " to . thrust out ourautiful English " trustworthy.". But to chinook to Tubou Doll, go : After wo had hoard nil tho Bindcntfid to eny about tho oocan-ou<rents, my fellow-visitor,t Mr. Moulton'*, 6ugge6tioUj asked stviral gticat» in goôgraphy, which tho yonng men ntBwcretifh great .readiness. Thoy pointed out tho principal untnin r rmlnsnnd river', trucing thoircourse upon tho map.Tho latitude a,Ld longitude of; tho various plae es being; gh, they found them out on tho globe, and gavo Ibeir ha» without .iiiukiug' a mistake in any one inetnnco: nnd,t tbo visitor's requoot, they marked ont upon n Mércate map tho ronlo of a vossol Bailing from landon, to Syty ni.d back nga'n, giving reasons why Euch atd euch nurse should bo steered, and why another should bo avoid A few qneeti"r,H In algebra werú given then, and thoy rvod a «impló equation in cipitsl stylo. Tho tutor th- nrow an irrcpuUr four-sided figure, and, having dcscrlbcit as'tho'pUu if apldtóf landon the seale of críe' int o tho obsta,1 oeked thora to lind its area. "Whereupon onof the young fellows stepped forward, anel divided it ii triangles by men.no of a diagonal upon which-hedrew tponciiciilnrB from' ttni opposite anglos. .Hothen producei carpenter's rulo, and, hiving moniurcd tho ,perj indicnk nnd thu diagunal, . wrote down bis measurements cxho dtaernm, and hurried buck to his place l<"or(h'<ittho stud- nts- penri!a .began to rattle over their elates, d in nn incredibly short timo they oil culatid tho areaequired. Next iuliow'od questions" in | mentnl nrithmeti which we're prr pound- d by tho tutor j and ariswerod by em wi.h a rapidity so marvellous ns to ' force .'upon mb feeling of incredulity. Tho thing ¡ appeared to be ecnmifoistly impassible that nothing but , the still greater iroseibility of Buepoctins Mr. Moulton to j bo guilty of unf«d''nllng with us could have kept me i from coming to tieonclueion that ho was palming off o j shorn upon us. larder to satisfy myself bpyond DOS6Í. ¡ bil i ty of u.doubt-: rather in ordertj put myself ina, position to satisfy o doubts of othoM-I inked permission ] .to. gita ti fow luttions niyeolf, and this'was" roidily ¡ granted. Accordiiy I gave fovoral, of which the follow- J inp will torvo as ifnir specimont:-An ar iola costs ls. ! what is tho vio of 8 dov.ín í A gallon of oil oostu ¡ 2e. Cd., how muchr.pt I givo for'll tuns? i . This foimidnblc-oking sum Mr. M. read off thn?,i . nearly as fast as htould spo-ik :-". Four; square it. addi 7, subtract 2, divide? 3, multiply by 8, subtract 2,'dtvlde} by C. multiply by.lliubtract 3, divide by 12, multiply byi 3, add 1, extract tlsqusro root What is it?" And,| within five eecondsmeneurcd by a watch, after hej bad npked " What s it ? " tho while class rushed) forward with the answer written . on thoir Blates.l They worked out tho calculation ' 'mentally as .he! announced tho sn, «nd wrote down tbe,',result only. I Bsid thatbo whole cluan ru-hed forwi.-'d, but there was ono excojon-a poor yoing fellow, .*"lio hidl lost tho tbreid of thonlonlatinn, and who Bto;d hugging! bis sltito to Iiis breneivith a pitiable expression of hopeless) perplexity nnd untittable misery on his iaco.. I could nob help Bptahing a fow 3rds of encouragement to him, whlohj wore duly interproU into the Touguja J*nguago. ; H i looked at mo with grtful eyes, and tho iceblo. ghost "pf af emile flitted across is t-oubled visage. ' I would'gládljj btivo prolonged the xaminat'oh for nno'her- hour or two}' but no more time cou bo spared, and Ji lett the' lecture! hall with my mind fl of th" liveliest interest in Túboei College, and tho vrnieet admiration of. its excéllóni tutor. . i . ? ! ? ?? ni.i,... - t 