JBTr- Mitchell's Newspaper. As a specimen of tlie late Mr. Mitchel's newspaper literary stylo, tlio following, may bo quoted from liis paper, United Irishman, April, 1848. It was in tho form of a letter to " His Excelloncy tho Earl of Clarendon, Her Hnjosty's Detectivo General, High Commissioner of Spies, and General Suborner of Ireland." " As for me, my lord, you have been told that I am mail, a dangorous lunatic, labouring under J cacoctlies scribcntli. Do not bcliovc it. I am merely possessed with a rebellious spirit, Iaud I think I liuvo a mission, to benr a hand in tho final destruction of the bloody old British Empire, the greedy carnivorous old monster that has lain so long liko a load upou tho heart and limbs of England, and drank the blood and sucked tho marrow from the. bones of Ireland. Against that empiro of ! hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen shriek nightly for ' vengeance, vengeance T To liolp this grand work of necessity and mercy is my highest ambition on earth ; and I know no better way to do it than to malio Ireland armod for battle. So bo it. It is a grateful and blessed sound tins cry, "Tho people aro arming,' Thank God, tlicy aro arming I Young men everywhere in Ireland bogin to love the clear glancing of the steel, and to cherish their dainty rifles as tho very applo of their oyos. I I expect no justico, 110 courtesy, uo iudulgonco from you ; and if yon got mo within your I power, I entreat you to show me no morcy, \ as I, so help mo God, would show none to i you !" I Jjfi.1-- Mitchel's plan for street wnrfaro I vfts published in the same journal | shortly afterwards : — "1. Every street is nn excellent shooting | gnllcry for disciplined troops, but it is a bettor | (iefilo in whioh to take them. In tho voen- S bulary of drilling there is no such pliraso as 8 ' Iufanfry, prepare for window-posts, brickbnts, | logs of wood, chimney-pieces, heavy furniture, I light pokers, &o.;, and these thrown vertically a on tho heads of a column below from tho | elevation of- a parapet or top storoy aro irres- istible. The propelling forces — viz., ladies or chambermaid, or men who can do no better, havo the additional advantage of security ; and tho narrower tho stroct and tho higher tho houses tho worso tho dnmngc and tho greater |lbo security. 2. Bottles, dclf, and snrh missiles, mixed with thoso, or of thorn- I eolvei, not only knock down and worn I infantry I but reader the streets impasenblo to cavalry and artillery. A horso may danco on eggs, but no squadrou can cbargo ovor brokou bottles. Artillery oan not rido ovor tliem, nor in- dood oau dosciplined foot koep tlio stop or tread among tlicm with easo. Thoso ad mirable weapons abound in every house ; nud if any engineering urchin tnke ii sodn-wntor bottlo or small flask of thick glass, dry iusido, filled with bits of stono, or iron, or motnl. of nny sort, nails for instances, and with oonrso gunpowdor thrown into the intorsticos, oorlc it tight nnd tlion attach a judiciously ndjustod fusco, lie will possess a domestic bomb or gronado, by which ho oan not with deadly oflfcot against onvnlry or infantry boloiv — es pecially ngnins cavalry. To thoso missiles from windows and housotops revolutionary oitizens add always boiling water, or grease, or hotter, cold vitriol if available. Molten load is good, but too valuable ; it sliould ' always bo cast m bullots and allowed to cool. Tho housotops and spouts furnish this in ovory city iu nlmudnnce, but enro should be tnken, as tlioy do in Paris, to run tho bnllB solid ; you cannot oaloulntu on a hollow bnll, nud that might bo the vory one solcotod to shoot a field officer. " 