THE LIFE AND OPINIONS OP U. GUESAGEN. It has been my good fortune on one or two occasions to introduce to South Aus tralian audiences, authors with whom they were previously unacquainted. Probably I shall be doing so this even ing, as I think but few of you know much of the writer whose opinions I have made the subject of this lecture. Up to the date of the latest European news Mr. Darwin and his collaborateurs had kindly allowed the world to believe that a man's existence must necessarily precede his ability to form opinions, and therefore Mr. Guesagen's birth and parentage first claim our attention. He speaks of them as follows :— " On the 29 th of February, 1836, an event occurred which, to me, was of great importance. One or two others were more or less interested in it, but I was supremely concerned. On that day I was horn. I think I have some reason to complain of the day chosen for the important occurrence; a more incon venient arrangement could scarcely have been made. If I am asked, ' How old are you, Mr. Guesagen V I have to do a sum in mental arithmetic before I can answer, and then I am never sure I have got it right. For instance, '36 wa3 leap year; very well, when leap year recurs how am I to reckon ? Am I 1, or am I 4 ? I really don't know. I am perfectly helpless in the matter. When I was married the clergyman asked, " What is your age 1" That was in '62. Well, there I was, made to appear ridiculous before my wife on my wedding day ! I did not know what to tell him. He re peated the question rather angrily.^ I took him aside and told Him the facts. He was only a young man, and he said he'd never met with, such a case in his limited experience ; he was quite at a loss what to do. We each worked out the sum on paper, and on comparing results we found we had arrived at the same con clusion. My age was 6 and carry 2. He said it would look very odd in the certificate, as it wasn't usual for bride grooms, to be so young ; but he was obliged to fill up the forms in the legal manner, and consequently my age ap pears in the register of marriages as 6 and carry 2. It affected the pleasure of my childhood. I never had any birthdays like other children ; I was always a day too young or a day too old, and when leap year came round, father used to say my birthday came so seldom it wasn't worth while to keep it up. My opinion is that parents owe something to their chil dren, and ought not to put them, in their infancy^ in a position that will humiliate them in after life. I may as well com plete the bill of indictment against my parents, and get the unpleasant task over, by charging them with a reckless indifference to my subsequent comfort in giving me such a name as U. A solitary letter, not an initial. My father's ex planation has always seemed to me very, weak. ' I really feel, my boy, that we' owe you an apology for your Christian name, if I can call it. such, but we could not help ourselves. As you know, you were the eleventh boy, and names were getting scarce and hard to find. Your mother and I, after many anxious con sultations, determined to put the letters of the alphabet into a hat, and the one we chanced to draw should be the first letter of your name. We drew u, but alas ! we could not find a suitable name with that initial, and so were compelled to take it as it was.' How, I don't wish to speak harshly,, but are you satisfied with that explanation ? Does it commend itself to you as a good and sufficient reason 1 Ho; I am sure it does not. Thank you ; I have your sympathies. I suppose it is too late in the day to protest against my surname as well as my letter-name. I have frequently been on the very point of changing it, but at the last moment respect for the feelings of my ancestors, has prevented me. I don't suppose it would seriously inconvenience them, but it might complicate matters by-and-bv. When I am a ghost, for in stance, I may want to claim some old bachelor ghost with means as a great great-granduncle, and if by changing my name now I render that a matter of diffi culty I should repent having done it, so that on the whole I think it, as Shakes peare observed, ' better to bear the name I have than fly to another that I'm not so sure of.' On several occasions, however, I have had to suffer from my unfortunate patronymic. The first morning I went to school the head master—a man of small stature, great suavity of manner,'and of a temper in inverse ratio to his size—called me up. "' Well, my dear boy, what is your name 1' Please, sir, U. Guesagen.' " ' Is it possible ? Do I hear aright ? Good heavens ! must I flesh my new bought cane on this tender youth 1 Once more, my sweet boy, what is your name V . lC I replied in great agitation and terror. ' Please, Sir, I can't help it, U. Gues agen.' " ' My loving pupil,' said he, c I must really make an example of you, if the lambs of my flock are to spend the ! harvest-time of knowledge in asking me riddles, all discipline will be at an end, so I will take the liberty of engraving my answer on your youthful form.' " For several days I felt I was an inno cent martyr, and I vented my rage on my forefathers in the most awful language a boy of nine years old could reasonably be expected to have mastered." Mr. Guesagen's childhood was very, uneventful. He suffered] from the usual childish ailment. His measles were so plentiful as to become quite a drug in the domestic market, and his* scarlatina was of the usual lobsterian type. The only extraordinary incident of his early years was a tremendous conflict with a scraper during a fit of passion. After repeatedly ' kicking it, he fell on it with great vio lence, and departed in painful triumph; but next day, apparently uninjured, it smiled at him with a dull, black-leady smile, as if in derision of the sticking plaster that.held the fragments of his face together. He appends the folio wihg'sug gestive note:— "If.B.—Before you fall on a scraper turn its fiat side up 5 you mil find it more convenient in may ways. This will apply to other things as well as scrapers." His experience in this affair made a lasting impression on his mind, and was of the greatest value in after life. It taught him the folly of losing his tem per, and of recklessly attacking vested interests. The recollection of his signal defeat frequently restrained him from doing or saying foolish and ill- advised things. The development of genius, from the slight indications of its presence in youth to the vigorous outcome of riper years, is a subject as well fascinating as instruc tive. An outline of the man may fre quently be traced in the faint lines of his youth. Cicero, in hi3 "De Senectute," observes that "youth is the vernal season of life, and the blo3som3 it then puts forth are indications of thoBe future fruits which are to be gathered in the succeeding periods." In the elder Disraeli's "Literary Character of Men of Genius" he quotes from the old romance of "King Arthur "in illustra tion of this fact :—A cowherd came to the King to request he would make his son a knight. " It is a great thing thou askest," said Arthur, who enquired whether this entreaty proceeded from him or his son. The old man's answer is remarkable— " Of my son, not of me, for I have thirteen sons, and all these will fall to that labor I put them; but this child will not labor for me for anything that I and my wife will do; but always he will be shooting and casting darts, and glad for to see battles and to behold knights, and always day and night he desireth of me to be made a knight." The Xing commanded the cowherd to fetch all his sons. They were all shapen much like the poor man ; but Tor was not like any of them in shape and in countenance, for he was much more handsome than any of them; and so Arthur knighted him. This simple tale is the history of genius— the cowherd's twelve sons were like him self; but the unhappy genius in the family, who perplexed and plagued the cowherd and his wife and his twelve brothers, was the youth averse to the common labor, and dreaming of chivalry amidst a herd of cows. Applying this canon, and looking for signs of future greatness, in the case of Mr. Guesagen, we find that in his schooldays, he gave promise of a successful literary career, and it is fortunate that some of his early exercises were preserved by his admiring and provident teacher. One of these I will read to you. I must tell }rou that the village in which he lived had recently been raised to the dignity of a Corporate town. The fol lowing week, the subject of the theme to be done by the elder boys, was Sis Worship the Mayor '. Our young friend wrote as follows :— " This is an essay on Mayors. A mare is sometimes a horse, sometimes a man, and the number of his legs depends on the spelling, which is a hateful lesson, ' and likely to be very useful after we've left school. Mayors are called so because before they can become mares they have to give and take a lot of chaff. Mayors are chosen for their corporation. They are very wise. They sit in a chair and think themselves swells. Sometimes they are dressed in, gowns, and chains, , and things, and some times they aren't dressed at all. There's a good many Mayors about, and - one of them is hardly full grown, and looks like... a colt on his first trial. This one is often heard to say to himself;—CA wiser than Solomon is here.' Mayors keep Town Clerks to write reports and correct their spelling. It's a great honor to be a Mare. Sometimes any one won't be, and then the old mare has to go again." One more specimen of his boyish genius, may be given. The head master had given the school a learned lecture on " Head-coverings in peace and war," and ~ to test the attention and memory of his pupils required them to give him a short_ account of the subject. As the lecture ; had not been particularly interesting; young Guesagen determined to strike out a new track for himself within the re quired lines ; but not quite parallel with the course of his. master's instructions. He, therefore, sent in a copy of verses, which the dominie read with feelings of mingled anger and indignation. They were headed— THE HAT OF A ROWDY MAN, and were as follows :— 1\. ; .* If there's a pitiful sight to me In all creation, from sea to sea to see, And a thing I'd very much rather not be, • 'Tis the hat of arowdy man.. . 2. He treats it far worse than his horse, or his cow, .. . Or even his wife—whom the Germans callfrow, If the spelling's not right it's like it somehow, This hat of a rowdy man. • 3. Though frequently sat on, it's seldom a beaver, No ! that would not do, he'd as leave or leaver . Have a tin pot on his head as a beaver . Hat, would a rowdy man. 4. He may be well-dressed, coat, trousers, and vest, May be a good pattern, and all of the best j But there's one thing that marks him, in. spite of the rest, • 'Tls the hat of a rowdy man, 5. It's battered and grimed, and Its health under* mined With horrid bad usage, and rarely is lined; And it's oft used for things that are not refined, This hat of a rowdy man. 6\. - • . For sometimes he'll use it to 'throw at a cat;,' Or carry a 'possum, or nasty big rat, Until he can give it the finishing pat, In the hat of a rowdy man. •' " "7... . - To tell all its uses would take me too long, And tempt me to language you might think too strong; So with this remark I must finish my song, On the hat of a rowdy man. [To be continued.] 