OUR PERTH LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The abominable state of prosperity among all sorts and conditions of men in this city is playing the very dickens with old-world and timehonored customs and privileges. A great authority some'years ago said, " The poor sou have always with you." But we haven't - unless you count the "poor" blacks. Tihe consequence is that there is next to no scope for the exercise of philan-: thlrophy and generosity. Certainly one can subscribe to the Orphanages, or spend a pound or two now and then at a bazaar, and demoralise a blackfellow-or better still his womanny-by giving them beer or sixpence ;oget it. But that is about the limit. There are a few drunken, dissolute fellows here and there, certainly, but they are above accepting help, unless it comesin theshape of a nobbler, or the price of one. Ask them to chop a bit of fire-wood, and offer them a loaf of bread, a basket of broken victuals, or a bpndle of old clothes, and they feel in sulted. Thereis so much work about that a lazyman does not stand a ghost of a chance, and it is so well paid for, that a plea of poverty only provokes laughter.. Occa sionally, it is true, one hears of some decre pid ancient or confirmed invalid applying for admission into the work house, but some of the inmates of that well-regulated estab lishalment have been on strike lately, work not being congenial to their tastes. One Carter, wasbrought up before Mr. Landor on Monday, who-not His Worship but Mr. Car ter- having been admitted into thepoor-house and being politely desired to perform sonme light labor, pleaded incapacity. Dr. Waylen was consulted, and the doctor pIronounced him fit for work, but work Mr. Carter wouldn't, and he was ignominiously expelled the workhouse. Nor when outside the pre cincts of that establishment would this in corrigible idler work. So that .at last he fell into the hands of the police and was dis posed of for two months as a rogue and a vagabond. As another proof of the abomi nable state of prosperity among all sorts and conditions of men in this city, actually our blind itinerant fiddlers get drunk and incap able. One Gregg, a merry old soul, who p0lsnes that " most musical, most melan choly "avocation, was "had up " a day or two ago, charged with being gloriously drunk in the public street; but promising te would never, no never, do it again, he was discharged with a caution. These be signs of the times. I hear that steps of a definite character have been taken towards organising a FIRE BRIGADE in Perth, of a volunteer and honorary charac ter. The City Council, which was renewed by some fresh blood at the late election, has moved in the matter, and an order has gone home by the mail for a fire-engine, with hose, buckets, ladders, helmets, and the other paraphernalia of a fire- brigade. Tile difflculty of obtaining water in central situa tionsis, I hear, likely to lie overcome; a party of men having been busily engaged for some days past in sinking with Abyssinian pumps in various directions. It now only re mains toorganise the brigade,and there should be no difficulty in doing this. For many years we have boasted a Volunteer Rifle Corps; why not have a Volunteer Fire Btigade? The one sounds as well as the other, and may conjure up in the minds of our heroic youth quite is much daring and intrepidity as the other does. I hope, soor. to be able to communicate to you intelligence of the organization of such a body. THE STREETS OF PeRTH. ale assuming a nuch improved appearance of late, consequent upou the many handsome additions that have been made and contilnue to be made to the huildings in the principal streets. Further architectural schemes are in process of development, the completion of which will materially add to the visible im portance of the city. The new Police Court. and Land Registry Offices are progressing aFpace towards completion. These edifices as you may be aware, are intended as the nucleus of a quadrangular block of public o?fices to be erected from time to time, as the circumstances of the colony will permit, In thile vicinity of the Town Hall and the ricketty building that does duty for General Post Office. 1 lie style of architecture whicl has been adopted is the Elizabethan, the designer being Mr. Jewel', of the Works Department. Mr Sloao is the contractor for the buildings now in course of erection, and notwithstanding the dearth of labor, he is sanguine that lie will be able to coin plete his contract within the specified time. 1 hear that a great many VALENTIsEs with addresses bordering on the obscene, and with really obscene addresses, have been stopped this year in their passage through the General Post Office, so that the In tended bolts have miscarried. There were big valentines, and litt:e valentines, daubs and works of art. I heard that even a dead mouse, folded up like a diminutive wedding cake, was sent through the post. A red herring, decorated with blue ribbons, and smelling highly,was esteemed a worthyvaleun tine for a not over liberal person; whilst one youne woman sent dolls, represenming a baby, to different gentlemen, with the superserip tion " Going tosee papa," reminding one strongly of thie olil saying, that "it is a wise child that knows its own father." PIcNIcs are the order of the day up here. Last week the children attending the Cathedral Sunday School, and the scholars of thile Congrega tional Sabbath School, held their annual feast- days, and on Wednesday last the usual yearly pic-nic of the rising generation of Wesleyans took place. The latter was less numerouslyattended than usual, owing to the dampness of the weather. Notwith standing this drawback, those who were present acknowledge having spent an ex ceedingly pleasant and enjoyable day. The rain certainly did no. seem to have militated against the amusements of the little ones, who were bent on enjoying themselves uuti der any circumstances, and, I need hardly add, succeeded. A NArrIcAL, ADVENTURE of a somewhat disagreeable kind occurred to Mr. Dean, jnn., of the Survey Office on Friday evening, under the following circum stances. s r. Dean was on the river in his canoe, and a number of other young men were at the same time enjoying a sail in Mr. Mumme's yacht. When returning home a collision ensued between the sailing boatand the canoe, resulting in the latter being upset and its occupant being im. mersed in the water. Fortunately Mr. Dean had a knowledge of the useful art of nata. tion, and he kept swimming about until he was picked up; pretty tired of his involun tarily immersion by the yacht's dingy. The misfortune, however, did not fail to occasion some alarm to those who witnessed it from shore, When Mr. Dean landed he presented much the appearance of a " drownded" rat. He refused, however, to take off his-wet clothes and avail himself of an umbrella,'but went home a '"wetter" if not a wiser man. Moral ;-When "Paddling your own canoe'" keep clear of your neighbour's yacht. On Tuesday evening last, Murray Street presented a rather lively appearance in con. sequence of the disorderly conduct of a shoemaker and his better half, who con iointly made AN ONesTAGor onthe door of a neighbour. A free and en lightened British public are never behind in patro ising a scene of thissort, so it is al. most superfluous to say that there was speedily a large and appreciative audience in attendance. The doughty disciple of St Crispin charged the closed door of his ne'ghbour, and administered a number otf vigorous kicks on the lower panel, aportion of which was quickly staved in, but not sanf ficiently to satisfy his spirit of destructive ness. j;At this period of the affray, his-con' rage derived fresh inspiration from the bel ligerent attitude assumed by his care spousa who urged on her lord-- but not exactly her master-to furtber deeds of bravery, and valiantly called on the object of their re. venge to come out, and "her old man would soon knock it out of him." He, however, did not appear to care to have it knocked oat of him, so he wisely declined the po lite invitation. The cobbler's courage had now got up t, the striking point, and ie was determined that if his man would not come out he would go in. So he set to work with renewed vigour, and this time with success, for a few more well directed blows drove in the door. The excitement was now at fever heat; in fact every one, your own eye-wit ness included, was on the tip.toe of expect alley. Butit was 00soon evident that the oc copantsof the stormed citadel were;not going to surrlnder without a struoggle; for a fe male form divine blocked hp tile entrance of the door with a broad batten in her hand, :while her attitude, and the martial ardour which lit up her countenance, plainly indi cated the deterwination on her part that tile end of the irtruder should iot be peace. Her heroism carried thIe day, much to the disgust of the crowd, which had anticipated some an?musement; for the cobbler, deeming dis. cretion the bvtter part of valour, retired from the attack, and the door was again closed. So ended thie exploit, andso ends my letter. 