We have been informed that the -permanent sur vey for the Avoca railway; has been all but com pleted towithin a couple of miles of Avoca, and that, after another day or two nothing more can be done until the question of the station site has been decided. . As this is not likely to be long delayed it may shortly be expected that tenders will be called for the work. ; Sportsmen will not fail to remember that the hurdle race between Mr- Rourke's Brunette and Mr Hubiile's Crowsmeat takes place on .the Avoca Racecourse to-morrow. The distance , is to be a a mile and halfrover nine hurdles, and the match is to be for £5 a -side! " Cobb's Box," is the name of a small "collection of stories by Mr Robert H. Whithwortb, author of "Spangles and Sawdust and other collections which have from time to time been welL received in the colony. As the name implies, the stories are supposed to be told, u nder various circumstances and by different people, upon the box seat of Cobb's coach, and very well told they are too. The author, firstly, gives an account of the origin of, Cobb's coaches in' Australia, of difficulties" from bad roads, or no roads at all, which they had to contend- with, and pays a fitting tribute to 1 he memory of the rough and ready drivers of the early times; The stories are then proceeded with, and are seven in number, viz ; — " The Murder by the Hut," " How Lame Bradley came up to Time," " The Dream: Witness,'; " Macbet h under Difficulties," " The Ghost iiv the;Glass," " Ru tn and : Bitters,"- and " A Griin Joke." It is. a cheap GJ worth of interesting reading. - - ' _ M r Thomas Doran. . who constructed the first section-ofuhe. Maryborough and Cssdemaine rail way, hasTeen announced as the lowest tenderer" for the line from Inglewood to Sandhurst, a dis tance of 29 miles. The tetuhr "has 'been referred to the Eiigineei-in-Ohief, x v - ',-> < riniversal regret is felt and expressed at the : sudden, deat h of -M rvPat ritilciDyonsl he proprietor of the Oommerciat Hotel,- Talbot, which took place ot F i ay morning lasL - ; Mr '"Lyon's health had not been good for soiae time past, but it was not' expected he would die at so early an age as 43. His death, which was sudden, caused a deep sensa tion throughout the whole district, where lie was well known' and- respeotedras the successor of Mr T.. D. Wrigley. The funeral, which took place on Sunday .last,- was attended by .a large number of sorrowing friends, and the, scene at the Amherst Cemetery is described as being of a heartrending character. A splendid sampleof gold was on view in the window of Mr Lowenstein's shop at Maryborough on Saturday last. -It was from the Duke and Timor mine, Chinaman's Flat, and weighed 197oz 18dwt. " Professor Bosco gives two entertainments in Avoca on Laturday and Monday evenings next at the Victoria Theatre, v His fame as an entertainer is great, and his versatility is marvellous. He is a ventriloquist, conjuror, and singer, and, as what is termed in the profession a " single-handed man," has no equal. The accounts given of Mr Bosco by various sections of the Press are, irf the higln st degree favorable, and we would recommend all those who wish to enjoy a pleasant evening to visit the professor at least on one of the evenings announced for his performance. The South Australian Register has the iollow- ing about a "pet alligator Mr Aldridge, of the Prince Alfred Hotel, has become the owner of a small, lively, but not sociable Northern Territory alligator, which, though a mere baby of about 12 months old, has ferocity enough for a patriarch, and makes no distinction between iron bars and wooden skewers, but seizes each in a very sugges tive manner. Somebody alleged that the creature .was a crocodile, but Mr Aldtidge " denies the allegation, and scorns the allegator," as his pet has all the characteristics of a genuine El Lagato, as the Spaniards call such great amphibious lizards. Naturalists set down the crocodile as a denizen of the Old World, and the alligator of the New. The lower canine teeth of the crocodile fit into a notch in the edge of the upper jaw, causing a contraction in thesnout, just behind the nostrils. The alli gator's lower canine teeth fit into a pit in the edge nf flip imnpr law. nnrl thprp iq nn rrmfrartirm ' — trr . j w v "v Alligators, as a rule are not nice pets, and it is improbable that they will ever to an great extent supersede lapdogs in the favour of the fair sex, but the energetic young desperado occupying free quarters in a tank at the Prince Alfred -is a -curiosity worth seeing, and he is not-at all bashful when visited." The unfortunate boy, Alfred Baker,, mentioned as having while asleep got up in the night and drunk a pint of vinegar, died early on Thursday morning in the. Melbourne Hospital. -. 'Au inquest will be held. The following is from Thursday night's Castle- maine Representative : — " A mysterious advertise ment Appeared in our issueof yesterday. ' Daddy,' a venerable party employed about the sale yards, advertised for 4 two small boys that could run well.' Applicants were to apply at ten sharp to-day. At that hour 3G bipeds of allsortsand sizes interviewed 4 Daddv ' and exnresspd thpir dpirp fnr tlm citno- tion. 4 Daddy ' selected two youngsters who looked more like sucking Topleys than did the rest, and set them to work. 4 Daddy ' is a secret emissary of the police, and his duty is to catch goats that trespass or are unregistered and send them to the pound. But he can't run as well as he used — he is not so lithe as in the days of yore. In less than two hours 93 goats were captured." " Considerable excitement was created at the Queensland Theatre on the night of December 30 during the performance of the patitomine," the Brisbane Courier state, 44 by an alarm of fire. The burlesque had been brought to a close, and the transformation of characters was in progress, when one of the children engaged in the scene in cautiously ran across the stage at the back, and his clothes coming in contact with some of the lights» caught fire, and communicated with one of the ad jacent pinnacles of scenic material. A number of women at the back cf the stage thereupon com menced to scream, and the alarm was quickly com municated to the audience, shouts of fire being raised in every direction. Several ladies fainted with great promptitude, and a rush was made for the doors. Luckily the house was not very full, or some serious injuries might have resulted from the crushing which ensued. As it was, however, we have heard of no casualties. The flames were beaten out almost as soon as the scenery caught fire, 8nd we understand that the child escaped serious injury." A contributor to the Q.uccnslander writes as follows : — 44 There is some danger of international complications about these New Caledonia escapees. The French Consul at this port is understood to he in a slight difficulty about the affair, although there is no truth in the statement that he has telegraphed to MacMahou for instructions. There is reason to believe that the representative of La Grande Nation is an Englishman," and in his young days obstinately refused to acquire the art; of parley voo-ing- Consequently he foresees a little trouble in acquiring from: the new arrivals any- in formation as to their reasons for favoring Queens land witlt their presence. TheErench Consul is not,, however, a singular instance. The Belgian Consul cannot speak Belgese. In fact, he has never heard of any such language. It is said that the Italian Consul believes Italy to he bounded on the not th by « he Red Sea, and on the cast by the Ural Mountains. The United States Consul can not speak American; and the' consuls for some foreign states cannot speak English. The Portu gese official shares the condition of his French brother, and had the misfortune once to he called upon to exercise; his office. He was interviewed by a maritime person whom he considers,: from various signs, such as a smell of garlic; to have been a Portugese.- This worthy not only made signals of distress, but unfolded a pi odigious tale in an unknown tongue, without any commas or full stops. The "consul nrovetl" himself in the occasion. Pet haps tffe applicant's general resemblance to a Savoyard organ grinder inspired him. He listened to him with dignity and at ten don, and when lie came to a stop from want of breath, majestically presented hint with 5s to go away. No war with " Portugal resulted. The French consul may not be so lucky." .The 2albot Leader of this morning says : — 44 As a proof of the value of land in this "district we may mention that on Saturday Mr J. S". ".Stewart sub rait ted to public compel irion the farrii of 70 acres, formerly in the occupation of the late Mr Sanphy, near Btckworth; - , The price realised was £6 : 2s pet acre, llie purchaser being Mr Peter F razer. - - A Chinese (says the Maryborough Advertiser )" who received from Sergeant Fahey the title of the best -thief "in the .district, was brought up in the pclice court otiMouday, charged with being in a public place with intent to commit a felony. sn Oah, the prisoner, admitted his offence and was ordered to be imprisoned for six months with hard labor. It appears that this celestial gains a nefari ous livelihood by robbing puddling machines, and for I lie purpose of gaining an excuse generally starts work in the neighborhood of the machine to 6e robbed. Watching his opportunity he rips up the boards and carries off the stuff containing gold. On Sunday night he was caught, with his imple ments in his possession, in the very act of looting, and was carried off to the watchhouse. Having learnt by experience the leniency of magistrates, when a plea of guilty is put in, Yen Oah admitted his crime and received the sentence named. On Thursday last, says the Argus, shortly after the convict Wecchurc'n had been let out to take his daily exercise at Pentridge, he managed to climb the iron railing which surrounds the radiating yards where a number of other prisoners were at exercise. The warder in the tower at once gave the alarm, and Wetchurch was locked up in his cell. This display was only a piece of bravado on the part of Weechurch, as there was not the slight est possibility of his making his escape. " Atticus," in the Leader, writes : — 44 A Post Office letter carrier named Riley has been arrested on a charge of opening a letter and stealing there from a cheque. The evidence is tolerably clear, and the man will no doubt be severely punished. : But is the department quite free from blame? I i am informed that the prisoner's pay was only 18s a j week, or rather less than half the wages of a laborer, j who does r.ot work half so many hours as a letter : carrier, and has far less responsibility. High pay ; may not ensure honesty ; but low wages is ptetty j sure to lead to dishonesty." I From the English news to hand by the mail just ' arrived it will be seen that the telegram announcing the appointment of the Bishop of Ballarat was correctly interpreted, and that the occupant of the new see will be the Rev Samuel Thornton, rector of St George's, Birmingham. 44 Dr Thornton," writes the correspondent of the Argus , is an M.A. of Oxford, and is the sou of a gentleman who held for many years an important position on 2he Times. Jt! or some time atter nis orutnation ne served a distiict church in the east of London, and in 1864 was chosen by the trustees of St George's Birming ham, to be the rector of that church. He will leave for Victoria in the early part of next year (1875), immediately after his ordination, the neces sary arrangements for which will be made forth with." 44 The brewers of Australia and New Zealand," the European Mail states, 44 will shortly have an opportunity of competing with the European brewers. An exhibition of English and Conti nental beer is to be held at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, at the beginning of May, 1875, and will remain open for one week. Every description of brewing plant and machinery will be shown as well as beer. Colonial brewers will be permitted to send their samples in botties, and they will be shown free of any entrance fee." 