His Natural Life* Bv Marcus Clarke. UlttMEll VII?';"""'""f'?- . Vickers .?issentedTaiurjc.liii Hex :v,,s in{o"?1 that he was not to sail with the first party. P]H comrades vowed that this order was au act of tyranny; but ho himself said nothing. He 'only redoubled his activity, aud?despite all his \- wish to the contrary?Frere wns unable to find fault. He even took credit to himself for "taming" the convict's spirit, and pointed out Rex?silent aud obedient?as a proof- of the 'excellence of severe measures. To the- uonvicts, however, who knew John Rex better, tfiie silent activity was ominous. He returned with the rest however on the evening of the 13th, inapparently cheerful mood. Indeed Mr. Frere, who, wearied by the delay, had decided to take tho whaleboat in which the prisoners had returned, and catch a few fish bo fore dinner, observed him laughing with some of the others, aud again congratulated himself. The time wore on. Darkness was closing in anil Mr. Bates, walking tim deck, began to keep ;i lookout for the boat, with the intention of ^weighing anchor aud making for the bar. All was secure. .Airs. Vickers and the child were jafely below, the two remaining soldiers (two had "one with Frere) were upon deck, aud the prisoners in the forecastle were singing. The wind was fair and the sea had gone down. In less than an hour the Osprey would be safely outside the harbor. Chaiter VIII. THE I'OWEIl OF THE WILDERNESS. y. ? -ting log that had so strangely served ? tm Urti . esca.,e for Uufus Dawes swam with as a means ot . wlils nmning out of the bay. For the current tum. ^m tll.lt it boro wng !U1 ;nsen. some time tho bu. d with h;8 desperate struggle sibloone. Exhaust*. ? aU)l!g the rough back of for life, the convict la., .,;tm)llt motion, almost thia Heaven-sent raft v, ^ v;o](,nt shock nwuke without breath. At length. ?orceived that tho him to consciousness, and he v ^andy point, the log had become stranded on a.. '-ueS3. pain extremity of which was lost in dan. .mf0rtnble fully raising himself from his mia.. wling a .posture, ho staggered to his feet, and era. . jj,e few paces tip the beach, Uuug himself iipou ground and slept. AVhon morning dawned, he perceived lils posi- tion. The log had, in passing under the leo of Philliph Island, been cast upon the southern point of Coal Head, and some three hundred yards from him were tho mutilated sheds of the coal-gaug. For some time he lay still, basking, as it were, in the warm rays of the rising sun, and scarcely caring to move his bruised and fettered limbs. The sensation of rest was so exquisite, that it overpowered all other considera- tions, aud he did not even trouble himself to conjecture the reasou for tho apparent desertion .of tho huts close by him. If there was i» one' there,?well and good. If tho coal party had not gone, he would be discovered in a few mo .ments, and be brought back to his island prison. .[n hi* exhaustion and misery, he accepted tie' alternative and slept again. As he laid down his aching head, Mr. Trokc was reporting his death to A'ickcrs, and while he still slept, the Ladybird on her way out, passed him so closely, that anyone on board her could with a good glass have espied his slumbering figure as it lay upon the saud, AVhen he awoke, it wits past midday, and the sun poured upon him its full rays. His clothes were dry in all places save the side on which he had been lying, and ho rose to his feet refreshed by his long sleep. He scarcely comprehei.'ded, H3 yet, his true position. He had escaped, it was' true, but not for long. He was versed in tho history of escapes, aud knew that a man alone on that barren coast was face to face with starvation ol' recapture. Glancing up, at the sun he wondered, indeed, how it came that ho had been free so long. Then the coal sheds caught his eye, and he understood that they were untenanted. This astonished him, and he began to tremble with vague apprehension. Entering, he looked round, expecting every moineut to see appear some lurking constable, or armed soldier. Suddenly his glanco fell upon the loaves which lay in the corner where thu departing convicts had ll ung then the night before. At such a moment, this discovery seemed like a direct revelation from Heavou, He would not have been surprised had they disappeared. Had he lived in another age, he would lmve looked round for tho angel who had brought them. By-and-bye, having eaten of this miraculous provliuler, the poor creature began?reckoning iiy his convict experience?to understand what had taken place. The coal workings wero aban- doned ; the new Commandant had probably, other work for his beasts of burden to execute, and au absconder would he safe here for a fow holli's at least, But he must not stay. For him there was no rest. If ho thought to escape, it behoved him to eommouce his journey at once. As he contemplated tho meat and bread, some- thing like a ray of hope entered his gloomy soul. Here was provision for his needs. The food be- fore lum represented tho rations of six men. Was it not possiblo to cross tho desert thut lay between him and freedom on such fare ? The very supposition made his heart beat faster. It surely was possible. He must husband his re- sources ; walk much and eat little ; spread out the food for one day into the food for three. Here was six men's food for one day, or one man's food for six days. Ho would live on a third of this, aud ho would have rations for eighteen days. Eighteen days I AVhat could he not do in eighteen days! He could walk thirty miles a day?forty miles a day?that would be six hundred miles and more. A'et ¦ stay ; ho must not be too sanguine ; the road was difficult, the scrub was in places impenetrable. He would have to make detour), and turu upon his tracks, to waste precious time. He would be moderate, and say twenty miles a day. Twenty miles a day was very easy walking. Taking a piece of stick from the ground, he made the calculation in the saud. Eighteen days, and twenty miles a day?three hundred and sixty miles. More than enough to Like him to freedom. It could bo done I AVith prudence it could he done I He must be careful and abstemious. Abstemious I He had already oaten too much, and he hastily pulled a barely-tasted piece of meat from his mouth, and re-placed it with tho rest. The action which at any other time would have seemed disgusting, was, in the case of this poor creature, merely pitiable. Having come to this resolution, the next thing to do was to disencumber himself of his irous. This was easier done than he expected. He found in tho shed an iron gad, and with that and a stone he drove ont the rivets. The rings were too stong to be " ovalled,"+ or he would have been free long ago. He packed the meat and bread together, and then pushing the gad into his belt?it might be needed as a weapon of de- fence?he set out on Ids journey. His intention was to get round the settlement to the coast, and then to reach the settled dis- tricts, and by some tale of shipwreck or of wander mg, procure assistance. As to what was parti ¦ cularly to be done when ho found himself among free men he did not pause to consider. At that point his difficulties, though they really but be- gan, seemed to him to end. Let bim but once traverse tho desert that was before him, and ha would trust to his own ingenuity, or the chance of fortune, to avert suspicion. The peril of im- mediate detection seemed so imminent, that be- side it.all other fears were dwarfed into iusigui Before dawn next morning he had travelled ten miles.and, husbanding his food, succeeded by the night of the fourth day in accomplishing forty more. Footsore and wearv, he lay in a thicket of the thorny melaleuca, and felt at last that he was beyond pursuit. The next day he advanced more slowly. The bush was unpropi- tious. Dense.scrub and savage jungle impeded hu path ; barren and stony mountain ranges arose before him. He was lost in gullies, entangled in thickets, bewildered in morasses. The sea that had hitherto gleamed, salt, glittering and hungry upon his right hand, now shifted to his left He h&d; mistaken his course, and he must turn round again. For two days did this bewilderment last, and on the third .he came to a mighty elia' that Pierced with its blunt pinnacle the clustering bush. He must go over or round this obstacle, and he decided to go round it. A sort of natural pathway wound about its foot. Here and there branches were broken, and it eec-med to the poor wretch, fainting under the weight of his lessen r.i,",-T!";,TOr,-TTisl't Mamu cVke prupr'';v"',i of Tke Caranta"*"- from Mr. v J. ovaUe !«?« 1? .'"f1"? to "" Wlvl tu« ?*""'& ""E »f ti'« aida L'Uci tlat the hal eau ie drawn up throush it. ing_ burden, that his were not tho first footsteps which had trodden there. The path terminated in a glade, and at the bottom of this glade was something that fluttered. Rufus Dawes pressed forward, lind stumbled over a corpse. In the terrible stillness of that solitary place lui felt Buddenly as though a voice had called to iiim. All the hideous fantastic tales of murder whick lia had heard or read seemed to take vieiblo shape in the person of the loathly carcase before him, chid in the yellow dress of a convict, and lying Hung together on the ground as though struck down, stooping over it, impelled by nu ir restible impulse to know the worst, he found the body was mangled. One arm was missing, and the skull had been beaten in by some heavy instrument. The first thought?that this heap of rags and bones was a mute witness to the folly of his own undertaking, the corpse of some starved absconder?gave place to a second more horrible suspicion. Herecoguisedtheimuiheriuiprintedou the coarse cloth as that which had designated the younger of tho two men who had escaped with Gabbett. He was standing on the place where a murder had been committed. A murder !?and what else ? Thank God the food lie carried was not yet exhausted ! He turned and fled, looking back fearfully ns he went. He could not breathe in the shadow of that awful mountain. Crashing through scrub and brake, torn, bleed- ing and wild with terror, he reached a spur of the Range and looked around him. Above him rose the iron hills, below him lay the panorama of the bush. The white cone of the French- man's Cap was on his right hand, on his left a succession of ranges seemed tu bar further pro- gress. A gleam as of a lake streaked the east- ward. Gigantic pine trees reared their graceful heads against the opal of the evening sky, aud at their feet the dense scrub through which he had so painfully toiled spread without break and without Uaw. It seemed as though he could leap from where he stood upon a solid mass of tree-tops. He raised his eyes, and right against him, like a long dull sword, lay the narrow steel blue reach of the harbor from which he had escaped. ' One darker speck uiovtid on the dark water. It was the Osprey making fortho Gates. It seemed that he could throw n stone upon her deck. A faint cry of iago escaped him. During the last three days in the hush he must have retraced his steps, aud returned upon his own track to the settlement. More than half ''i» allotted time had passed, and he was not yet tm'"ty miles from hw prison. Death seemed to»! i,nv waited to overtake him in this barbarious «iij~ ness. As a cat allows a mouse to escape winier. a whilej 80 und il0 bMll nermit,tt!d to Ififio yth h his fate'- nud lul1 1,""8olf wit" !l se/Ho' of U *'80 "'""''fry- Escape was hopeless now' ltd nevcf cmi[d escape; and ns the ,,?i,o?»w ,**ui ?ised his despairing eyes, he saw hat t'ho' SS? rx d'y ¦aWbohufd a lofty pine crimson iglrf iiito^ gI"''e, b-el?,llun;, U WM as though a 'olbody'K °l ?"? ' ?«" v ''^i which lay there, aW A. "Jderng at the dismal omen, Rufus Da^WsrU u« 1m&«<, plunged again into tho forest , ? , , ? ? ??i. For four days he w.".«akrci1 rtk11^'*' tU v?s" tho bush. Ho had given vty'nllmV'M of Mik "'£ tho overland journey, and yH)t as lol'ifi" a* 1. scanty supply of food hold *j'i, ho ui.'vVd fc> ke"p away from the settlement. Unabio to' resist'the pangs of hunger, he hail increased his daily ration, and though the salted mc^-dxposed' to thc rain anil heat, had begun to turfi jltltWdi he never looked at it but he was seized willi' the desiro to eat his fill. Tho coarse lumps of carrion and tho hard rye-loaves wore to him delicious morsels fit for the table of an emperor. Once or twice he was constrained to pluck aud eat tho tops'of tea-tree and peppermint shrubs. Those had au- aromatic taste, and sufficed to stay tho cravings of hunger for a while, but they induced .".'raging thirst, which he slaked at tho icy mountain springs. Had it not been for the frequency of theso streams, he would have died in a few days.- At last, on the twelfth day from his departui-6'from the Coal Head, ho found .himself at the foot\of Mount Direction, nt tho (head of the peninsula' which makes tho western tide of the harbor.'- His terrible wandering had hot led him' to' make ii complete circuit of tho settlement, and' fflib' nbxt night brought him round tho shores of Birches' Inlet to the lauding place opposite to Si'ViuV Island. His stock of provisionishad beou exirUistedfortwodays.andhe was savago with hunger. He'no longer thought of suicide. His dominairif idea now was to get food. He would do as mah'}? others had done before him, and give hiinsefcf dp to he Hogged and feil. When ho reached the'liuiiling-place, however, the guard-house was empty. Ho looked across nt the island prison, mid' saw still no sign of li fe. The settlement wns deserted ! The shock of this discovery almost deprived hiin of reason. For days that had seemed cen- turies, he had kept lifo in his jaded and lacerated body solely by the strength of his fierce deter- mination to reach the settlement ; and now that he had reached it, after a journey of unparallod: horror, hu found it deserted. He struck himself to seo if he was not dreaming. He refused to believe his eyesight. Ho shouted, screamed, and waved his tattered garments in the air. Ex- hausted by these paroxysms, he said to himself, quite calmly, that tho sun beating on his unpro- tected head had dazed his brain, and that in ft few moments ho should see well-remembered boats pulling towards him. Then when no boat came, he argued that he was mistaken in the place; that the island yonder wa3 not Sarah Island, but some other island like it, and that in a second or so he would be able to detect the difl'eronce. But the inexorable mountains, so hideously familiar for six weary years, made mute roply, and the sea crawling at his feet, seemed to grin at him with its thin-lipped, hungry mouth. Yet the fact of the desertion seemed so inexplicable that he could not realise it. He felt as might have felt that wanderer in tho enchanted mountains, who, returning in the morning to look for his companions, found them turned to stone. At last the dreadful truth forced itself upon him ; ho retired a few paces, and then, with a horrible cry of furious despair, stumbled to- wards the edge of the little reef that fringed the shore. Just as he was about to fling himself off for the second time into the dark water, his eyes, sweeping in a last long look round thc bay, caught sight of a strango appearance on the left horn of the sea beach. A thin, blue streak, up- rising from behind tho western arm of the little inlet, hung in the still air. It was the smoke of a fire I The dying wretch felt inspired with new hope. It was as though God had sent him a direct sign from Heaven. The tiny column of blueish vapor seemed to him as glorious as the Pillar of Fire that led the Israelites. There were yet human being3 near him I?and turning his face from the hungry sea, he tottered with a last effort of his failing strength towards the the blessed token of their presence. CHAPTEn IX. THE SEIZURE OF THE OSl'llEV. Frehe's fishing expidition had been unsuccess- ful, aud in consequence prolonged. The obsti- nacy of his character appeared in the most trifling circumstances, and though the fast deepening shades of au Australian evening urged him to return, yet he lingered, unwilling to como back empty-hauded. At last a peremptory signal seemed to warn him. It was the sound of a musket fired on hoard the brig. Slr. Bates was evidently gettingimpatient, and withaacowl, Frere drew up his lines, and ordered the two soldiers to pull for the vessel. The Osprey yet set motionless on the gleamle3s water, and her bare masts gave no sigu of making sail. To the soldiers, pulling with their backs to her, the musket shot seemed tho most ordinary occurrence in the world. Eager to quit the dismal prison bay, they had viewed Mr. Frere's persistent fishing with disgust, and had for the previous half-hour longed to hear the signal of recall which had just startled them. Suddenly, however, they noticed a change of expression in the sullen face of their commander. Frere, sitting in the stern sheet*, with his face to the Osprey, had noticed a peculiar appearance on her decks. The bulwarks were every now and then topped by strange figures, who disap- peared as suddenly" as they came, and a faint murmur as of voices floated across the interven- ing sea. Presently the report of another muEket Eliot echoed among the hills, and something dark was seen to fall from the side of the vessel into the water. Frere, with an imprecation of mingled alarm and indignatiou,sprangtohisfeet, aud shad- ing his eyes with his hand, looked towards the brig. The soldiers, resting affrightedly on their oars, imitated hU gesture, and the whaleboat, thus thrown out of trim, rocked from Eide to side dangerously. A moment's ai'/X-ous pause, aud then another musket shot, follovfcd by a shrill woman's scream, explained all. The prisoners had seized the brig ! " Give way," cries Frere, palo with rage and apprehension, and the soldiers, realising nt once the full terror of their position, forced the heavy whaleboat through the water as fast as the one miserable pair of oars could take her. Afr. Bates, affected by tho insidious influence of the hour, aud lulled into a sense of false security, had gone below to tell his little play, mate that she would soon be on her way to tho Hobart Town of which b!io had heard so much ; mid taking advantage of his absence, the soldier not on guard went to the forecastle to hear the prisoners singing. He found the ten together, in high good humor listening to ii " shanty" snug by three of their number. The voices woro melodious enough, mid the words of the ditty?chanted by many stout fellows in many a forecastle before and since?of that character which pleases the soldier nature. Private Grimes forgot all about the unprotected state of the deck, and sat down to listen. AVhile he listened, absorbed in tender recol lections, .Tames Lesly, William Cheshire, William llussen, John .Fair, and James Barker, slipped to the hatchway and got upon deck. Barker reached tho aft hatchway as tho soldier who was on guard turned to completo his walk, and pass- ing his arm round his neck, pulled him down before he could utter a cry. In the confusion of the moment, the man loosed his grasp of tho musket, to grapple with his unseen antagonist, and Fair, snatching up the weapon, swore to blow out his brains if he raised a finger. Seeing the sentry thus secured, Cheshire, as if in pursuance of soino preconcerted pinn, leapt down the after hatchway, aud passed up tho muskets from the arm-rack to Lesly and Russell. There were three muskets In addition to tho ouo taken from the sentry, and Barker, leaving his prisoner in charge of Fair, seizod one of them, and ran to tho companion ladder. Russell, loft by this manoeuvre unarmed, appeared to know his own duty. He came back to tho forecastle, and passing behind the listening soldier, touched the singer on tho shoulder. This was the appointed sigunl, and John Rex suddenly terminating his song with a laugh, presented his fist in tho faco of the gaping Grimes, " No noise I" ho cried, " the brig's ours," and ero Grimes could reply, he was seized by Lyon and Kiley and bound securely. " Come ou, lads !" says Rex, " and puss tho prisoner down hore, We've got her this time, I'll go bail!" And in obedienco to this order, tuo now gaggdd soiitry was (liing down tho' toro hatchway, and the hatch secured. " Stand on tho hatchway, Porter," cries He/, ngftm ; " and if those fellows come up knock 'em down with a handspike. Lesly and Russell forward to the companion ladder ? Lyon kesp a lookout for the boat, and if she comes too near, (ire !" As ho spoke tho report of tho first musket rang out. Barker had apparently .fired up the companion hatchway. When Mr. Bates had gone below, ho found Sylvia curled up on tho cushions of the state- room, reading. " Well, Missy J" ho said, " we'll soon bo on our way to papa." Sylvia answered by asking ii question alto ether foreign to tho subject. " Mr. Bates," 8 I she, pushing the hair out of hoi- blue eyes, ""i*- 'Mil's a cornclo ?" "AVl which?" asked Mr. Hates. "A Tilde. C-o-r-a-c-l-e, said she, spelling it " A cc '' I want to know." slowly, ' ''dered Bates shook his head. "Nevor Tho bttfi. Missy," said he, bending over tho heard o' one, does it say I" book. "'AVYitst Brittons," said Sylvia, rending " The- Ancient tlo hotter than barbarians. gravely,. " were' liv bodies with woad?that's a They painted the!* Mr. Bates?mid seated in blue stuff, you- UttuVP, in stretched upon slender their light coracles of sK -o presented a wild and woodem frames, must lrt"> savago appearance." hen this remarkable " 1 lahf'.' says Mr. Bates, '*¦ i, "That's very passage- was read to .""-. le, a corry?" a mysteries, that is. A co n*- " A citrriclo yon bright ligH burst upon him- , 3 seen 'em in mean. Mis*I" It's a-carno. V* ¦, ,i' a drivin' of in Hy' Park;-with- young bloWU * 'em." , f a?>- ia, rush " AVhat are young bloodW V. iUikgd ** ing at|this "new'openimj:" .u-fc you fcno'< "Oh, nobs! Swell'coves,di, j* ntkickei returned poor Bates,- thus ag '-^jfa given to A oung men o fortune- that is, tl doing it grand," 'ittle hand 1 see, says Sylvia; waving her i Rn([ thnt graciously. "Noblemen' and; Princes about sort of people. Quito' so;: hut- whot coracle1" "Well," says thehumblcd'Bales "7" thfm, a carriage, Missy. A sort'of Pheaytoni a» ti call it." Sylvia, hardly satisfied, returned1 to-tliu-book. It was a little mean-looking volume?a " Child's History of England " and afterpcrusing.it awhile with knitted brows, shu hurst into- a- childish liuigh. " AVliy, my dear Mr. Bates I" she cried! waving tho history above her hoad in triumph, " what a pair of geese we are I A carriage /. Olij you silly man !" It's a boat /" " Is it ?" says Mr. Bates in admiration- of the intelligence' of his companion. " AA'ho'd ha' thought that now ? Why couldn't they cull it a boat ut once then, and ha' done with1 it 1" and he was about to- liiugh also, when raising his eyes, he saw in the open doorway tho figure of James Barker, with a musket in- his hand; " Hullo ! AVhat's- tllis J AVhat do yom do here, sir!" " Sorry to disturb yer," says tho convict,, with a grin," but you mustcouie nlong-o' me, Mr. Bates. Bates, nt ouce comprehending that some terrible misfortune had occurred, did not loose his presence of mind. One of tile cushions of the couch was under his right hand, and snatch- ing it nj), he flung it across tho little cabin full in the faco of the escaped prisoner. Tho soft mass struck the mun with force sufficient to blind him for ntl instant. Tho musket exploded harmlessly iu the air, aud ero the astonished Barker could recover his footing, Bates had hurled him out of the cabin, und crying " Mutiny 1" locked the cabin door on the inside. The noise brought out Mrs. A'ickers from her berth, and the poor little student of English history ran into her arms. "" Good heavens, Mr. Bates, what is it ?" Bates, furiouB with rage, so far forget himself a3 to swear. It's a mutiny, ma'am," said ho. " Go back to your cabin and lock the door. Those villians have risen on us!" Julia Vickers felt her heart grow sick. AVus sho never to escape out of this dreadful life ? "Go into your cabin, ma'am," says Bates again, "and don't move a finger till I tull ye. Maybe it ain't so bad as it looks. I've got my pistols with me, thank God, and Mr. Frere 'll hear the Bhot any- way. Mutiny I On deck there I" he cried at the full pitch of his voice, and his brow grew damp with dismay when a mocking laugh from above was the only response. Thrusting the woman and child into the state berth, the bewildered pilot cocked a pistol, and snatching a cutlass from the arm-stand fixed to the butt of tile mast which penetrated the cabin, he burst open the door with his foot, and rushed to the companion ladder. Barker had retreated to the deck, and for an instant he thought the way was clear, but Lesly and Russen thrust him back with the muzzles of tho loaded muskets. He struck at Russen with the cutlass, missed him, aud seeing the hopelessness of the attack, was fain to retreat. In the meanwhile Grimes aud the other soldier had loosed themselves from their bonds, and encouraged by the firing, which seemed to them a sign that all was not yet lost, made shift to force up the fore hatch. Porter, whose courage was none of the fiercest, and who had been for years given over to that terror of discip- line which servitude induces, made but a feeble attempt at resistance, and forcing the handspike from him, the sentry, Jones, rushed aft to help the pilot. As he reached tho waist, Cheshire, a cold-blooded blue-eyed man, shot him dead. Grimes fell over the corpse, and Cheshire club hing the musket?had he another barrel he would had fired?eooly battered his head as he lay, and then seizing the body of the unfortu- nate Jones in hU arms, tossed it into the Bea. " Porter, you lubber !" he cried, exhausted with the effort to lift the body, " come and bear a hand with this other one !" Porter advanced aghast, but just then another occurrence claimed the villain's attention, and poor Grimes' life was spared for that time. Rex, inwardly raging at this unexpected resist- ance on the part of the pilot, flung himself on it's tey the skylight, and toro it upK1 i- .* V", so. Barker, who hail reloaded! *V ?-. tI ' , down iuto the cabin. The ball ?M!s\8* ,"rouSu the atate-rooiu door, ant! splintering wis W!^. ' buried itself close tothe golden curls of pc-fcf little Sylvia. It was this hairs-breadth escape <*h¥M* drew from the agonised mother that shricVs which, pealing through the open stern-window, had roused the soldiers in the boat. Rex, who, by tho virtue of his Dandyism, yet possessed some ahhorrenee of useless criuie, imagined that the cry was one of pain, and that Barker's bullet had taken deadly effect. " You've killed the child, you villain !"* he cried. " AA'hut's the odds!" asked Barker, sulkily. "She must die anyway, sooner or later." Rex put his head down the skylight, and called on Bates tu surrender ; but "Hates only drew- his other pistol. " Would you commit murder?" he asked, looking round, with despera- tion in his glance. " No, no," cried some of the mon, willing to blink tho death of poor Jones. " lt's no use making things worse thuu they ure. Bid him come up, and we'll do him no harui.,' " Come up, Mr. Bates." says Rex, "and 1 give you my word you shan't be injured." " "Will you set the major's lady and child ashore, then !" asked Bates, sturdily facing tho scowling brows above him. " Yes." " Without injury i" continued tho other, bar- gaining, as it were, at the very muzzle of the muskets. " Ay, ay ! It's all right I" returned Russell. " lt's our liberty we want, that's all." Bates, hoping against hope for tho return of the boat, endeavored to gain time. "Shutdown thc skylight, then," said he, with the ghost of authority in his voice, " until I ask tho lady." This, however, John Rex refused to do. "You can ask well enough where you nie," he said. But thore was no need for Mr. 'Bates to put a question. The door of the state- room opened, and Mrs. A'ickers appeared trembling, with Sylvia by her side. " Accept, Mr. Bates, alto said since it must be so. AVe should gain nothing by re- fusing. AA\> are at their mercy?God help us I" " Amen to that," says Bates under his breath, and then aloud, " AVe agreo I" "Put your pistols on the table, and como up, then," says Rex, covering tho table with his musket as he spoke, " Nobody shall hurt you." ClI.UTEU X. JOHN HEX'S 1IEVENGE. Mus. Vickers, jialo aud sick with terror, yet sustained by that strange courage of hers of which we have before spoken, passed rapidly under the open skylight.and prepared toaseeud. Sylvia?Uer romance crushed by too dreadful reality?clung to her motlier with one limul, and with thc other pressed close to her little bosom the " Knglish History." In her all absorbing fear she had for- gotten to lay it down. " Get a shawl, ma'am, or something," says Bates, and a hat for Missy." Mrs. A'ickers looked back across the spaco be- neath the open skylight, and shuddering, shook her hoad. The men above impatiently swore at the delay, and the three hasteued on deck. " Who's to command the bri.', now " asked the undaunted Bates as they came up. " I am," says John Rex ; " null, with these brave fellows, I'll take her round tho world." Tho touch of bombast was not out of place. It jumped so far with tho humor of tho convicts that they set up a feeble cheer, at which Sylvia frowned. Frightened as she was, tho prison bred child was as astonished nt hearing convicts cheer as a fashionable lady would be to hear her footman quote pootry. Bates, however?practical and calm?took quite another view of tho case The bold projectsoholdly avowed, scorned to him a sheer absurdity. Tho " Dandy," and a crew of nine convicts, navigate a brig round tho world I Preposterous ; why, not a man aboard could work a reckoning I His nautical fancy pictured tho Os- prey helplessly rolling on the swell of thu southern ocean, or hopelessly locked in tho ice ot the Ant- arctic Seas, and he dimly guessed at tho fate of the deluded ten. Even if they got safe to port, tho chances of final escape were nil against them, for what account could they givo of themselves'( Overpowered by these reflections, tho honest fellow made one lust effort to charm lu's captors back to their pristine bondage 1 " Fools !" ho cried, " do you know what yon aro about to do ? You will never escape. Givo up the brig, and 1 will declare, before my God, upon tho Bible, that I will say nothing, but givo all good characters," Lesly aud another burst into a laugh itt lliis v-'ild proposition, but Rex, who had weighed his oim.',ces wo" uororellll"d, felt the force of tho idiot'* sl1ce0'') *"11 answered seriously. "It'll «?° us0 ta'kuiB>" ue «i«d, shaking his still handsome- il."-111- " Wve. «ot the brig and we moan tokeoplier. l cu" nnvlgnte lier, though I am no norman, so yon ti."0'1 nt talk further about it, Mr. Krtea It's liberty' wo require " AA'liafc are you going to «o with na!" asked Bates. " Leave ^'0tf Mund." Bates' face HttYchcu1. " AVhat here ?" \ " i'es. lt uftlt look a picturesque spot, dose . And yet J v" ^ve'^ ,lcre ^or Home yelll"a >" ""Bate* wns ""%%£¦ ."""cried the ^»%, »t"Wng off his 00 ' nii-1-im-lmlv I0** (lllvo ">orli '?>? /the "jSboa^- Mrs. Vickers, W wmp "^ cabin an.* «?* MJtMiig go down, ta ¦> Ti i * ut TOn ashore ciles'^BU^ ¦ «.t?«l fa a -ort "/ "= ^ miration' at Afc '^STme^S^ have-spoken, hk» «? contillueu p. "mr, "Now, my little ^ d ^ be down with, yoesr * frightened.'" ~ rivin. th ightonea-' mk ?r;--;;ld'h'-y^ W?BSaSl ^mepas?n»,c;.r' ?? i,,iu ' into a great laugh nt Ihewhole dock hms, *^ trembling his and poor Mrs. V.cl chi}(1.B toinority. To for the consequences ol Ult nv!ct wh() ]l0,(j> t)lei]. thus taunt the desperate co. nmdnoss. In tllB fives in his hand seemed she. , ita fi(lfe. boldness of the speech hov. ? )u|fr(J brava|Jo guard. Rex, whose politer,** r(.||cctj011 upon -was stung to the quick by ri ^ with wl|ich his courage, and the hitter » rJ w (t|le the child had pronounced the wo ..J^ ,,;./, generic name of convicts) made fa. 1(J wou](j ^^ with rage. Had he had his will, L lcc|. ))ut 't)le struck the little creature to tb* i j' j. ^Q hoarse- laugh of his companions war. atnonc forbear. There is " public opinion " e fission on convicts, mid Ilex dared not vent bi* j ' j j so helpless an object. As men do in undi - llmlJ.e. veiled his anger beneath an nlfectatioa ol moved ment. In order to show that he was not , nore by the taunt, he mailed upon the tattntei jler graciously than ever. "Arottr daughter ba . father's sjiirit, madam," said ho to Mrs. Vic with a bow. Bates opened his mouth to list u ' His ears were not large enough to take in t. Q words of this complimentary convict. He began t think that he was thc victim of a nightmare. He absolutely felt that John Rex was a greater man at that moment than John Bates. As Mra. A'ickers descended the hatchway, tho boat with Frere and the soldiers carno within musket range, and Lo8ly,according to orders,fired his musket over their heads, shouting to them to lay to. But Frere, boiling with ruge at tho manner in which tho tables had been turned on him, had determined not to resign his lost authority with- out a struggle. Disregarding tho summons, he came straight on, with his eyes fixed on the vessel. It was now nearly dark, aud tho figures on tho deck were indistinguishabe. The indig- nant lieutenant could but guess at the condition of affairs. Suddenly from out of the darkness a voice hailed him? " Hold water ! back water !" it cried, and wus then seemingly choked in its owner's throat. Tho voice was the property of Mr. Bates. Standing near the sido ho liad observed Rex and Fair bring up a great pig of iron, erst used as part of the ballast of the brig, and poise it on the rail. Their intention was but too evident; and honest Bates, like a faithful watch-dog, barked to warn his master. Bloodthirsty Cheshire caught him by the throat, and Frere, unheeding, ran the boat alongside, under the very nose of tho revengeful Rex. The mass of iron fell half-in-board, upon tho now stayed boat, and gave her steinway, with a splintered plank. " A'ilkuns I" cried Frere, " would you swamp us l" " Ay," laughed Rex, and a dozen such as ye I The brig's ours, can't ye see, and we're your masters now!" inglttoned. . a t Ulia imli ity. Sylvia fcriuab" ,rubhad been anybody else "I'l'ighteneai' If thi .,,, ,'.{?,.?? th th, Frere, stifling an exclamation of nure, erie* to tte bow to hook on but the blow haa^vSTtfc boat backward, mid she was already bevonrV arm', l?,lgth of the brig. Looking up, besiuv Cheshire's savage face, and ltMrdthe click of tho iJ.ck ns he cocked his piece. Tho two soldiers, eih.nialon "J" their long pull, made no effort to sfay thc progru.'*8 °f tito boat, and almost before tli'f.'Mtell caused by the plunge of tho maa? of iron had ctli'Jed to agitate tuj-' water, the dody of the Osprey j*itf become invisible in the darkness. Frere stnVck his fist upon thc thwart ar sliper impotence of t'ligiv " The scoundrels'!" h>v said, between his teeth1, " they've mastered' ills- AVli.it do they mean to lifo'next?' The answer came pat to the question'.- ,^ivm the dark hull of the brig' broke a Hash mid a re- port, and a musket ball ont the water be- side them with a chirping noise. Between the black indistinct mass which represented the brig, amt the glimmering water, was visible a white speck, which gradually neared them. " Coniu alongside with ye," hailed a voice, " or it will ho worso for ye ?" " They want to murder us," says Frere. " Givo way, mon!" But tho two soldiers, exchanging glances ono with tho other, pulled the boat's head round, and made for tho vessel. " lt's no use, Mr. Frere," said tho man nearest him, " AVe can do no good now, and they won't hurt us, I dato way." " A'ou dogs, you are in league with thom," bursts out Frere, purple with indignation. " Do you mutiny ?" "Come, come, sir," returned tho soldier sulkily. "This ain't tho time to bully ; and aa for mutiny, why, one mini's about ns good as another just now." This speech from the lips of a man who, but a few minutes before, would havo risked his life to obey the orders of his officer, did more than nu hour's reasoning to convince Maurice Frere of the hopelessness of resistance. His authority?born of circumstance, aud mipporteil by adventitious aid?had left him. The musket shot hud reduced him to the ranks. Ile was now no moro than anyone else ; indeed, ho was less than many, for those who held the firearms were the ruling powers. AA'ith a groan he re- signed himself to his fate, and looking at the sleeve of the lindross uniform ho wore, it seemed to him that virtue had gone out of it. AVhen they reached the brig, they found that the jelly-boat had been lon'ored and laid along- side, lu her wore eleven persons : Bates, with forehead gashed, and hands bound, the stunned Grimes, Russen and Fair pulling, Lyon, Riley, Cheshire, and Lesly with muskets, and John Rex in the stern sheets, with Hates' pistols in his trousers' belt, mid a loaded musket across his knees. The white object which hud been seen by the men in the whaleboat was a largo white shawl which wrapped .Alis. A'ickers mid Sylvia. Frere muttered an oath of relief when ho saw this white bundle. Hu had feared that tho child hud been injured. By tho direction of Rex, the whale-boat was brought alongside tho jolly-boat, and Cheshire mid Lesly boarded lier. Lesly then gavo his musket to Rex, and buuitcl Frere's hands behind him, iu tho same mininer ns had beon done for Bates. Frere attempted to resist this indignity, but Cheshire, clapping his niuskot to his car, swore ho would blow out his brains if he uttered iniotUor syllnblo ; and Kroro, eliciting the malignant oyo of John Hex, remembered how easily a twitch of tho I'nigor would pay off cts old scores, and was silent. "Slop in hore, sir, if via you please," said llox, with polite irony. " I am sorry to be compelled to lio you, but I must cts consult my own safety as well os your conveni licr once," Frere scowled, ami, stepping awkwardly cal into tho jolly-boat, foll. Pinioned as be was, ho could not rise -without assistance, anil Russell nm pulled hint roughly to his feet with a coarse of laugh. In his present frame of mind, that lil I laugh galled him worso than his bonds, erk Poor Mrs, Vickors, with a woman's quick Os- instinct,, saw this, and, oven amid her own trouble, found leisure to console. "Thu nt- wretches!" she said, under her breath, as Fiore the was flung down besido lier, " lo submit you to tho such indignity I" Sylvia said nothing, and for deemed to shrink from the lieutenant. Perhaps, es 'f in her childish fancy, she had pictured him as test coming to her rescue, armed cap-a-piu, and clad iors in dazzling mail, or, at tho very least, as a mus- cular hero, who should settle affairs out of hand von y "'lccr I101'80""! prowess. If she had outer ljvo tamed any such notion, tho reality must have i0(j struck coldly upon her senses. Mr. Frere, dvo purple, clumsy, and bouiiilj H'M not at nil heroic, "Now, my lads," says Rex?i'v'110 (wlfe'tiiMl.ta lliis liavo become imbued with tho cast-oil' autiiolity his of Fiore?" we give you your choice. Slay at tho Hell's Gates, or como with us I" Tho soldiers paused irresolute. To join tho mutineers meant a certainty of hard work, with a chance of ultimate hanging. A'et to stay with the prisoners was?as far na they could see?to incur the inovitable fate of starvation on a barren coast. As is often tho case on such oc- casions, n trifle sufficed to turn tho scale. Tho wounded Grimes, who was slowly recovering from his stupor, dimly caught tho menning of tho sentenco, and in his obfuscated condition of intellect, must needs make comment upon it. " Go with liiiu, ye beggars !" said he, "and leave us honest men I Oh, ye'll get a tying-up for this I" The phrase "tying-up" brought with it rccol his lection of the worst portion of military discipline, ?u j tho cat, and revived in tho minds of tho pair, already predisposed to break thu yoke that sat so ng heavy upon them, a train of dismal mei,tories, re, The life of a soldier un a convict station was at that time a hard one. He was often stinted in ul- ratioitH, and of necessity deprived of nil rational iot recreation, while punishment for offences was it. prompt and severe. Tito companies drafted lo the penal settlements were not composed of the J>e best material, and the pair hitit good precedent for tho'course they were about to'bike. "Come," says Ilex, "I can't wait herc all J%litj, Thu wind is freshening, mill1 wo must malic llio'lSitr. Which is it to he ?'' " We'll gil with you. I" says the niall who hud pulled htroke'iil' tho whale- boat, spitting into-tho water with irtert'ed faco. Upon which utterance the convicts hu'rV/- into joyous oaths, mid' the pair were received with much hand-shaking. Then Rox, with Lyon and Riley as a giifud, got into the whale-boat^ and having loosed'the two prisoners from their bonds, ordered thein'tJi)' take thc places of Russen aitd Fair. Tho wliidc boat was then manned by the seven mutineers, Rex steering. Fair, Hubhsii, and tho two recruits pulling, and tho other four standing up, with their mttsketa levelled at tho jolly-boat. Their long slavery had begotten such' a drem] of Authority in these uten, that they feared it even when it was. bound and menace!? by four musketH. "Keep your distance!" shouted Cheshire, ns Frere and Bates, in obedience to orders, began to pull the jolly-boat toward tho shore ; mid in this fashion was the dismal little party conveyed to the mainland. It was night when they reached it, hut titi) clear sky began to thrill with a late moon as yet unarison, and the waves breaking gently upon tho beach glimmered with a radiance that seemed born of their own motion. Frere and Bates, jumping ushoro, helped out Mrs. Vickers, Sylvia, and tho wounded Grimes. This being done under the muzzles of tho muskets, Rex com- manded that Bates and Frere should push tho oily-boat us far as they could from tho shore, 1 -d Riley catching her by a boat-hook us sha aL -ie towards thorn, she was taken in tow. ca^1 Now, boys," says Cheshire, with a Bavagc _ ..- ht, "three cheers for Old Unglaud aud dehg. vj" Libert , w],ic], a great shout went up, that was Tjpoi. ,y j.jl(. ?r,-In ]??]!? -vvliicli had witnessed so echoed I icries. many mi. wretched (ive, this exultant mirth l in. " " kne" of l'oat1'' "areat °0<1!" sounded Ilk running up to his knees in water cries Bates, irting boats, " would you lcavo us after the dep, }" here to starve 7 answer was tho jerk and dip of But the onlj ra the retreating 01. ' _ "mapteii XI. " hell's oates." .? . Lm AT. 'to dwell upon the mentol I tieri: is no neec, Uo n;?ilt> perbap.,, of all agonies of that nilsen. i <,?.iijfi0,i to CI?luro it the five, the otto leas, ' ? Huffering most acutely, realised the prospect ot ,nd DoMo M sh(! waH_ Mrs. A ickers--lay.figure t of approving dalurer had all that keen instinct of sixth sense. She which is in her sex n sort r nml rjwncd U) ft was a, woman and a mothe ??, ner feminine double capacity for snfteri. 5nora oi deatu by imagination pictured aU the h. 1rown torment*, famine, and having realised fl, live them over her maternal love forced her to -(j Rejecting again in the person of her chi twH vague Botes offer of a pea-jocket and , ed he tenders of o&istaiicc;, the poor woman withdrew behiud a rock that faced the sea, and, wtti'her daughter in her arms, resigned herself ts'licr Jorturing thoughts. Sylvia, recovered from her terror, was almost content, and, curled in 5cr' mother's shawl, slept. To her liitle soul, thia midnight mystery of boats and muskets had all tho iiuvor of a romance. "With Bates, Frere, and her mother so close to her it was impossible to ho afraid ; besides, it was obvious that Papa? the Supremo Being of tho settlement?must at once return and severely punish the imperti- nent prisoners who had dared to insult his wife and child, and as Sylvia dropped off to sleep, sho caught herself, willi some indignation, pitying tho mutineers foi- the tremendous scrape they had got themsolve* into. How th«y would bo flogged when Papa taino back ! In the mean- time this sleeping in the open air wits rather pleasant. Honest Bates produced si piece of biscuit, and, with all tho generosity of his nature, suggested that this should be set nuide for the sole use of the two females, hut Mts. A'ickers weald' not hear of it. " AVe ittiist ali' share alike," said Bbe, with something of tho spirit that shu knew> hir husband would have displayed under like cir- cumstance ; and Frere wondered at her apparent strength of mind. Had h* been giftcil with more acuteness, he would not have wondered-; for when a crisis like this happens to one of two persons who have lived nt,iel, together, the inHu> euee of the nobler spirit makin itself felt. Frere had a tinder-box in his pocket, and hu uiiulo iv fire with some dry leaves and sticks. Grimeo fell asleep, and tho two men, sitting at their fire, discussed the chanel's of escape. Neither liked to openly brunch the supposition that they were finally deserted, lt was concluded between them that, unless the brig sailed in tho night?and the now risen munn showed her yet lying at anchor?the convicts would return and bring them food. This supposition proved correct, for about an hour after daylight, they saw tho whale-boat pulling towards them. A discussion had arisen amongst the unttineorn as to the propriety of at once making sail, but Harker, who had been ono of tho pilot-bout crew, and knew tho dangers nf tho bar, vowed that he would not undertake to steer tho brig through the Gates until morning ; and so, tho boats being secured astern, a strict watch was set, lest tho helpless Hates should attempt to rescue tho vessel. During the evening?tho ex- citement attendant upon thu outbreak having passed away, and the magnitude of tho tusk lieforu them more fully apparent to their minds? a feeling of .pity for tho unfortunate party on tho mainland took possession of them, lt was quite possible that the Osprey might ho recup tured, in which casu five useless iminltni would have been contmiUi'd ; and however callous to bloodshed wore the majority of the ten, liol one among them could contemplate in cold blood, without a twinge of remorse, tho death of tho harmless child of the commandant. John Hex, seeing how matters wore going, made hasto to take to himself tho credit of marcy. Ile ruled, and hud always ruled, his iiiHiaus nut ho much by suggesting to them the course they should take, lint by leading them on tho way they hud aloidy chosen for themselves. " 1 propose," said he, " that wo divide tho provisions. There uro fivo of them and ten of us. Then nobody can blame us." " Ay," said timid Porter, mindful of a similar exploit, " and if wo'ru taken, they ian toll what we have done. Don't let our allah' bo like that of thu Cypress, to leave them to starve." "Ay, ay," says Barker, "you're right! AVheu Ferguson was topped at Hobart Town, I hoard old Troke say that if he'd not refused to set tho tucker ashore, ho might hu' got oil' with a whole skin." Thus urged by sulf-intorcst, ns well as senti- ment, to mercy, tho provision was got upon deck by daylight, and a sort of division Hindu. Tho soldiers, with a generosity born of romorso, wont for giving half to thc marooned mon, but ltarkur exclaimed against this. " AVhon tho suhoonor linds they don't get to headquarters, she's bound to como back and look for 'em," said ho ; "and we'll want all tho tucker wo cati get( maybe, afore we sights land." I This reasoning was udmHJod. excellent, lind acted upon. "ltim y/m m tito harness-cask WW fifty pounds of salt meat, and ii third of this quantity, together with a sundi sack of Hour, some ten and sugar mixed together in a hag, lind nu iron kettle and pannikan, was placed in tho Whale-boat. Rev, fearful of excesses among his crew, lind also lowered down omi nf tho two muni) puncheons of rum which thu store-room contained. Cheshire disputed lld*, and stumbling over ii goat thal had been taken on bonni from Phillip j.vl.'iud, with a half-jesting Imprecation, caught thu creature ny tho log, and threw it into the sea, bidding ilex take that with him also. Rex dragged the poor beast into the heal, mid willi this miscellaneous cargo pushed n" to tho shore. The poor goat, shivering, hi'gail to bloat piteously, and the muli laughed. To a s.'-ratitTer it would have appeared that tho boat contained a happy party of fishermen, or coast settlers', returning with tho proceeds ol' a day's marketing. Laying oil'ns the water shallowed, Rex nilled Dates to come for thu cargo, lind three men with muskets, standing lip, as before, ready to resist any attempt at capture, the provisions, gnat, and all, wore carried ashore. " There I" says Rex, "you can't say we've used you badly, fur we've divided the provisions." Tho sight of this almost unexpected succour revived the courage of tho live, and they felt grateful. After tho horrible anxiety they had endured all that night, they were prepared to look with kindly eyes upon the men who hud como to their assistance, " Mon," says Hates, with something liku a sob in his voice, " 1 didn't expect this. A'oii are good fellows, for Ibero ain't tillich tucker aboard, I know." "Yes," affirms Frere, "you're good fellows." Rex burst into a savage laugh. " Shut your mouth, you tyrant," said lie, forgetting his Dandyism itt thu recollection of his foniier suffer- ing, "lt ain't for your benefit. You may thank the lady and child for it." Julio, Vickers hastened to propitiate tho arbiter of her daughter's fate. "AYo uro obliged to you," she said, not without a touch of quint dignity that was nil her husband's own ; " and if I uvor get back safely, 1 will take caro that your kind- ness shull be known." The swindler and forger took off his leather cap with quite an air. lt was five years since a linly hail spoken lo him, and the old til,lu when hu'wns Mr. Lionel Crofton, a " geiitleiiian-sportB miut," caine back again for un instant. At that moment, with liberty in his hand and fortune all before him, hu felt his self-respect return, and ho looked the lady in the face without flinching. " I sincerely trust, madam," said he, " that you will get back safely. May I hope for your good wishes for myself and my companions'{" Listening Bates burst into a roar of astonished enthusiasm. " AVhat a dog it ib I" ho cried. " Johu Rex,- Jolm Rex, you were never iniide to he a convict,- man I" Her smiled. " Good-bye, Mr. Bates, and God preserve you I" " Good-bye," says Bates, rubbing his hat off his face, " and I?I?Damme, 1 hopu you'll get safe off?there'I?for liberty's sweet to every mau." "Good-bye, prisoners !" says Sylvia, waving her liandkerchief; " and I hope they won't catch you, too." So, with cheers and waving of handkerchiefs, the boat departed. In the emotion which tho apparently disin- terested conduct of John Rex hud occasioned the exiles, nil earnest thought of their own position had vanished, and, strange to say, tho prevailing feeling was that of anxiety for the ultimate fate of the mutineers, But os thc boat grew smaller and smaller in the distance, so did their con- sciousness of their own position grow moro and more distinct; and when at last the boat had disappeared in the shadow of the brig, all started, as if from a dream, to the wakeful contemplation of their own position. A sort of couucil of war was held, with Mr. Frere at thu head of it, and the possessions of the little party thrown into common stock. The suit meat, flour, and tea were placed in a hollow I rock some distance from the beach, and Mr. I Bates was appointed purser, to apportion to each, without fear or favor, his stated allowance. The goat was tethered with a piece of fishing lino sufficiently long to allow her to browse. The cask of rum, by special agreement, was placed in the innermost recesses of this rock, and it waa resolved that its contents should not bu touched unless in case of sickness, or in last extremity. There was no lack of water, for a spring mu bubbling from the rocks within a hundred yards of the spot where they had landed. They cal j culatod that, with prudence, their provision I would laBt them for nearly four weeks. It was found, upon a reviow of their posses- sions, that they had among them three pocket knives, a ball of string, two pipes and a fig of tobacco, a portion of fishing-line, with hooks, and a big jack-knife which Frere had taken to gut the fish he had expected to catch. But they saw with dismay that there was nothing which could lie used axe-wise among tho party. Mrs. Vickers had her Hhawl, and Bates a pea-jacket, but Frere and Grimes were without extra cloth- ing. It was agreed that each should retain his own projicrty, with the exception of the fishing lines, which were confiscated to the common- wealth;. Having made theso arrangements, the kettle, filled with water from the spring, was slung from three grcon sticks over tho fire, and a pannikin of weak tea, together with a biscuit, served out to each of the party, savo Grimes, who declared himself unable to eat. Breakfast over, Bates made a damper, which was cooked in tho ashes, and then another oouncil was held as to future hubitatioi. lt was clearly evident that they could not slcep in the open air. It was tho middle of summer, and though no annoyance from rain was apprehendod, the heat in tho middle of the day was most oppressive. Moreover, it was ab- solutely necessary that Mrs. A'ickers and the child Bliould have some placo to themselves. At a little distance from tho bench was a sandy rise, that led up to the face of tho cliff, and on the eastern side of this rise grew a forest of young trees. Frere proposed to cut down these trees and make a sorb of hut with them. It was soon discovered, however, that the pockot knives were insufficient for- thia purpose, but, by dint of notching tho young saplings and then breaking them down, they succeeded, in a couple of hours, in collecting wood enough to roof over a space between thu hollow rock, which contained the pro- visions and another rock, in Bhapo like a hammer, which jutted out within five yards of it. Mrs. A'ickers and Sylfih were to have this hut an a. sleeping place, and. Frere and Bates, lying at tho mouth of the larder, would at once act as a guard to it and thom. Grimes was to make for himself nether hut wkoro the Uro had been lighted on tho previous night. (To be Continual.) A P.MUSIAS gommenx was dining ut his usual restaurant, and wits contemplating a visit to tho theatre, when ho found tho heat so oppressive that ho determined to forego his evening's amusement. It scumed ti pity, however, that his /auteuil should remain vacant, so he be- thought himself, upon whom hu might bestow it. At the same moment tho head waiter entered tho room, in the glossiest of black couts and tho neatest of ties. " Tho very man," thought the young swell ; and ho called tho waiter to him and presented hint with thu ticket, lt was ac- cepted with emprcmicincnt, mid tho waiter dis appeared. Latur on the evening our yommcux changed his mind, and determined to " look in" at tho thoatte. His first gliiucuwas naturally iu. tho direction of his /auteuil. Horror I Tho hoad waiter had on a gorgeous red tio, green waistcoat, mid check trousers I Ito had been, homo to " dress." < HOW TO I'IND OUT THAT Ai>VKUTISKM.EN'T3 AUK veuv UENDIULI.Y HEAD.?If anyone of n practi- cal turu of mind desires to test this, and at tho Slime tinto learn tho eH'ecl ot advertising on busi- ness, let him advertise in two lines, in the most obscure part of some newspaper, that ho wants to buy ii dog. If ho does not want tho visitation this will bring him, let him insert another lino in tho midst of n butch of othoradvortisoments that ho will willinger pay hts wife's hills, mid then go among his acquaintances lind observe if there is anything peculiar in their manlier that wovfid, seem lu imply that they hud rend tho. VAl'.lioe, Ri:.U)v-.M.M)i: Wit.?lt may ho iicooptablo to givo the hoginner Homuwlwt of a notion of the usu he may uiuko ot tho most ordinary words for tho purposes of quibbling. For inutnnee, in thu way nf observations, Tho loss of ft hat ju allaya.fell; if you don't Uko sllgaf, y6U may lump it; a glazier is ii panes- taking mun ; cau- dles ure burned beemiBO wick-cil things always cunio to light; a lady who lakes you homo from a party is killel in her carriage, and you say jViiiic est riilciulum when you stop into it ; if it luippclis to bo n chariot, shu is a charitable person ; bird's neslH and kind-killing are synony- mous, bcciiusu they uro high trees on; tho greatest fibber is tho man most to re-lio on ; a denn expecting a bishopric looks for lawn ; a butcher is a gross man, but a fig-seller is a grocer ; your grandmother and your great grandmother woru your aunt's sisters (never mind pronunciation,) Mu. Fuost, in his recent book on circus eelt)^ lu-ittes, tells an amusing story of tho ignorance of music ot Philip Astloy, and originator of the circus al Westminister, which for nearly n century hus boon known by his name. As tho story goes, Astloy, on ono occasion, on some of Ibo musicians suspending their performances, do mundell tho reason. " lt is n rest," returned tho lander. " hut them go on then," said the eques- trian ; " f pny them to play, not to rent." Present!" a chromatic pasmigo occured. " What do you 'eui! Hint V demanded ho, " A chro- matic passage,'' rejoinod the loader, with a smile. "Rheumatic pnMinge' '" "aid ABtluy, not compre, handing the terni. " It is in your nrin, 1 flup pose ; but I fiopo you'll get rid of it before yuh' play with tho people in front," " You misunder- stand me, Afr; Astoly," returned tho lender. " It is a chromatin passage ; all thu instruments have to run up the passage." "The deuce they do !" exclaimed Astley* "'Piton i fiopo they'll soon run back again, or tho audience frill think they aro running away." AA'iiii.i: riding iu ii stage-coach from Kindcrhook to Albany, litany years srncs,- John Van Euron, who was smoking, asked a stranger in tho stage if smoking was agreeable to him. The stranger answered, " Yes, it is agreeable. Smoko awa». 1 have often thought if ever I was rich enouyh I would hire sonic loafer to smoke in my faco." Mr. A'an Huron threw his cigar out of tlu> window. An " Ksq."?-Tho general effect ut the present day of the law, its it stands, is this?that probably not uno person in five hundred, or even a thousand, of those who on every ground of recognised social position mu properly to bu regarded us of tho quality, which the titlo Bsquiru is supposed to imply,islogallyof thatdegrce. Thestanding,there- fore, of Fsquire, when conferred by law, hardly amounts to a distinction from whieliiiny reasonable limn could by possibility contrive to extract even tho most humble modicum of solf-gratulatiou. Nor cnn tho enjoyment of tho titlu by the volun- tary concession of other people ho the source of more than the scantiest degree of pleasure which is conceivable, tho satisfaction derivable from such un appendage to ono's name being, in respect of its unsubstantial nature, comparable only to the delight which, according to the quaint language of tito old Latin grammars, transitive verbs aro alleged to feel in tho particular cases of the substantives which aro respectively annexed to them, For men whoso pursuits are of a dis- tinctively plebeian and ignoble type?such as, for example, publicans, clerks, and shopmen, aro nowadays, as commonly ns not, addressed aB esquires, AVhilc, therefore, no real gentlefolks, or peoplo of any assured position can possibly care a straw whether the envelopes of the letters which they receive are embellished by un idlo formula, there ure, no doubt, individuals of a different typo who would bo acutely chagrined if the complimentary sequel to their names were to be omitted, Theso are such men as aro most concisely to ho described by tho phrases familiar to schoolboys of " Hestcrni Quiritea " and " Pojoribus Urti," who, owing to their want of sufficient means, or of cultivation or the uncomely character of their antecedents or present sur- roundings, are susceptible of disquietude as to thu maintenance of their footing in the " genteel" society in which they are anxious to hold a placo consequently, they are prone to excessive rigor in the extraction of the tribute of every observ- ance, however trilling, the witholding of which may be interpreted as implying some want of assent to tho validity of their pretensions. Hence the result that tho degree of stress which n man lays on the right, arbitrarily assumed by himself, to be counted os an esquire, is in pre- cisely inverse proportion to the strength of any genuine claim which ho may possess to be so designated.?Thc Daily News. Ikfaktixe Philosophy.?There is more than one way out of a dilemma. A gentleman told his little four-year-old daughter that it was hard times now?that if she ate syrup on her cakes she could not have butter also. The child worked her infantile philosophy for a moment, and then, arching her brows, asked, " I can have two cakes, can't 1, papa I" "Yes, my dear," he said. " Then I will eat butter on one and syrup on the other," she replied. 