easy <JHA*& mmmsi B "lv onW tam Y ' J Defaced silver has some time pasfc ^Betentiytoo, ^nopibef light sovereigns nave been put into circulation, for tampering with which a nun named Isaacs has been committed for trial. The manner in which he operates on these coins, *s described by the Police is very ingenious. Chemicals are Implied which hold the goM in soltitiori;- Each sovereign opefatfedoh is reduced in value about three shillings, Vet the only alteration in the appearance of the 6din is that the lines where jthe chemical has teep^pUed do not , preset ,qpitp so sharp an appearance as those ln.gold pieces which have not been tampered vith' <There is now nandther.Minora afloat 'to th* effect • that-' an«mber> of unsigned* tod' flOW^uentty i e,w': totei hitt>e ' ;I^bt'»iito <^&ti6a;, VfiJe" it is c facT' that ; - Bf rfrious . sixpences have been ; p&lffled; oW lately. It a ?harp[look 3 out when Bathertf good stoly is tbld in,ccmn9oti^n with jthB prosecution, for sweating sovereigns before alluded'to. The . magistrates, ' wishing td'see ithe difference between a good coin and one of those which had been sweated^ asked ^or' a soVereign; butinthe whole t»urt—among police, professional men,' magistrates', reporters, &c.;, &c.-;^not soul was possefced of so much capital; and it'was only when, the watchhouse-keeper went into the "lockup and .got a . sovereign from aroiojpgat the cash taken from, the person of the .prisbper, that the curiosity of thp magistrates oouid be satisfied. As a community we do live up to our income, and DO gammon.' Judge Fellows by retaining his position on the bench still,blocks the way for Mr. Miphie's promotion and Mr. Casey's immolatipn. It is said in well-informed circles^ however, that his Honour only awaits the hour when Sir William Stawell will assume his position as Chief Justice towithdraw from active life. Possibly, however, long ere that the present timeserving, pusillanimous occupants of the Treasury benches will have retired into obscurity. If they have not, heaven help the country. Judging by recent reports, matters in the Lands Offick, so'far as the speedy despatch of public business is concerned, do not seems to have manifested any very marked improvement. Mr. Archer, it would seem, looks upon the task of ^regenerating the, Department as perfectly hopeless, and has applied to b& allowed to retire from the service. Notwithstanding the assurances of the Government organs to the contrary, there is but too much evidebce to show that the Department is still all a muddle. " The hon. Henry Parkes," of Kiama ghost evil notoriety, has made another political oollapse in New South Wales. The old fox ht$M»fiee more exhausted his bag of tricks, and is expellbd from the pickings of fat geese in the Governgiental poultry-yard. Nor 1 is the cause of; his leaving the. sweets of office at aU % dignified one. i It cannot ^d much k> a man's political reputation to say that he.was condemned by the representatives of the people for releasing --a-notorious robber, and lost the Premiership through the ignoble act. ' Whatever Ministry may assume the Mind of power 1 , it will undoubtedly include Mr. TSdwatdButler, who, it will be retnembered, was so scurvily treated by Mi - , Parkes in the matter of | the Vacant Chief Justiceship. Mr. Butler is looked fippn as one of the most honest politicians, in his adopted country, and it cannot but begratifyingto Victorians, who have so many public relations with the neighbouring colony, to find 'in office a gentleman who has {he. implicit confidence of the people; - Gentlemen who believe in . liberally patronising the '* cupthatcheewmnddof/i. inebriate" have again -this-week been furnished with first-dass«xoiAeBfor frequent libations. Wednesday, though several degrees less torrid than^ny/iof the now celebrated three hot days, was yet more unbearable, by 'reason of tiie. hot wind; hurricane which raged dnringthb jnorn-t ing, sending clouds vi dust into the eyes anddowhthe throats of pedestnara and all who ventured abroad, rebderinjf lubrication of thi inside,with liqpiid#'of Wtoe kind, an imperative heoessity.' Several individuals put in the weather .as ablea at thtf fcolipe Cotirt' f6? fMirjBji^ahtJitd sins} bit ,'tlierxnp^tr^t^s cduldn't jse*'it' in 'that' ligh£,- and pei]cjle^yiUiflic£ed: the - usual .penalty. , It would not li» j by aqy means «badidea if .spate ipf. onfi w«ilthy ; men were to commence the system, •tsctsl yearragb* London,'/ofi preMenfcing driiAiagfriwwtiKM lotheywbto, tobe the jnitrt^St' aSQ&ijjfa;'jfa WoSi-^e^oji s r of teinjblia j^&M;^; is' true' 'tfcai r^ere" . UVtwb or places 'in Melbourne, iron piUar»from *gh]ch, a. drink of ^aier can be obtained; bnt thBy arg few ; and if* between,' and it:is scarcely likely .that.nespebtable people,' ladies inparticular; cart about patronising them, while drinking? fountiaiiis, proj>terly t5onstra(!ited, -wtoftld pf6ve,„ite they haVeM'dcrife ttf ! Ldttddtf, great success. The idea,' t66j, ! woiild admit ofthe donore hsndWgdq^ thMr names to a grate^ulpOBterity, iiincdjtlil general custom Ju? to, inscribe, in. marble or!atone, as thecase ; may be, the 'name bf the , presenter. -, Spin?, of.; pur,; oJd colonistsj who : have grown: corpulent -in their money bags out of their success, in this colony^ mightthus refute Shakspeare's lines'-^- .'•'•• s i " • ' ''' J •• iThebvil thatmenTdb-livoB after ibemi; ; The good isioftintertSdiwltii'thBir toaesj The simplicity "which the Argus betrays on some occasions is. posit^yeJv ^xjghable. " It would r&illy-; appearW-^-ihew were a concerted land simultaneoU^'demonstration of hostility' to unsectarian education on the part,of tlie EomaniGathoBO : hierarchy and priesthood in all these cronies.": After labouring all thia whils to persuade Catholics, both lay. and olerioalv that they (ought not to persktin their opposition •secular educaticm, it suddenly ^makea the appalling discovery .that, all the Catholic clergymen in Australia are /opposed to it! Is it possible that the obstinacy which has been Bhown here by.-jnot listening to the paternal admonitions of the Argus on the subject of secular education, should; be - repeated in the olier 7 colonies ? f We thought we. bad understood from the Argus that this stubbornness was confined to the Eev. Father O'Malley and some other malcontents, but we have been deoeived. Fancy a, dreadful conspiracy against the promoters of the " Godless Gazebos!" Somehow, or other the Catholics imagine that they themselves are the sufferers, since they are compelled to pay for a system of education which is utterly repugnant to them. The Argus, with its acousomed clearness of reasoning, combats this assertion by saying* that those who send their children to colleges, their quota towards the maintenance of the State schools just as much as the Catholic? have tp do. The Argus conveniently forgets that the Godless schools have been established to break up the Catholic body, and that it has been over and over demonstrated.that no reli-' gious instruction in these godless schools is possible. . The Argus takes, a perverse delight in imputing to us a desire to deprive children of education, and puts before us, with wearying pertinacity, the magnificent boon for which we are made to pay so magnificently:—"In time, perhaps, our Soman Catholic fellow-citizens will make the discovery that a boy or girl is not rendered inapt for the reception and comprehension of religious truths because he or she bas previously learned to read, write, and cypher, and has been taught that the earth moves round the sun, by the master or mistress of a State school." Not long ago, the Argus implored us not.to insult our fellow colonists by speaking of secular education as godless. In return, we request the Argus not to insult us by attributing to us what it knows to be false—the wish:to bring up' our children.in ignorance. Surely it ought by this time to'be ashamed of -the stde argument of the " devil and the multiplication table." . J • ; The telegrams from Ballarat disclosed a very murky state of atmospheric things. The darkness ait midday on Wednesday was so intense that all placeB of business had to be lit up, and the whole town seems to haye been in something the Bame sort of blackness described in the Yankee's definition of darkless—" A nigger looking at midnight, withont a light, for a black cat in a coal cellar." Tapley. Sweating Coin.—At the City Police Court on Tuesday, Joseph Israel, a sharplooking man about 35 years of age, was charged with impairing, diminishing, and lightening the Queen's current gold coin of the realm. Mr.. Gurner appeared for, the prosecution^ The prisoner was defended by Mr. Gillott. . The evidence showed that the prisoner, parsed several .Sovereigns on the 21st January, aU of which were found to b^ light weight. Four Sov&oeigiiB; which had been passed by pridoner. wei e recovered by J Detectives Hartney' and Christie, all of Which were found to have been reduced in weight. The loss varied from XSfgr: to 24}gr. each: Mr. Bobett Hunt,- an officer in thci Mint, stated th4t the sovereigns before the" court had all the; appearance J of harihg been reduced in. weight by the action of acids. It would take nearly&OO; years tbredubeasoVerieign 20gr. by wear bkLd^tetit. The prisoner vras proved to have sold' loz.' l9dwt.",'6gr. "of jetted feold to a goldbuyei in £(uabethstreet. No evidence was tehder€»d to ; show biy what Bwoa the prisoner had Mduoed the coinm.r Tb« :bons« :in whix^i he iirad as^searched; bnt nothing vaitmtnditldn >' show iiow it had beta efEscted. ; risoner was oommittedfortrial, faailboing gfuaed. 