WHAT HAPPENED IN MT STUDIO. A PAIHTEB'S GHOST STOBT. j CHAPTER 1. I 1 bad occupied ruy «ludio, windi was situated i one of those old squares which fashion bns lor lineo passed by, for about two years. The locality waa essentially an artistic on and the whole of the house in which I wi domiciled was let out in studios. The grout floor was occupied by particular friend Dunce who went in heavily for stained glass and title I occupied the first floor at tho back. Overlie, were a landscape painter and a lady erl ist, wi from tho fact of their spending a great deal < time in the country, occupied their studio« i the square only for a day or two now and Hie; sud frequently at long intervals. The lowe premises consisted of a wilderness of kitchen sculleries, puntries, areas, and cellars, which had never had the courage thoroughly to explor and which I belive were a terra incognita eve to tbs old couple who, until within a week < two of the events I am about to narrate, lived i one of the kitchens, and undertook the sate amount of attendance which was required by tl occupants of the atudios. Duncan, Middleton, and I lived at some lilt] distance from the square, and were only there h day. The landicape painter, Haworth, slept i a room adjoining his studio whenever be cam up to town, and Miss Bebden also bad rooms o thesocond floor, in addition to her studio. We were, all of us, somewhat matter-of-fac Eeople, quiet, methodical, and industrious. Oe voa were as plodding and free from romance a caa well be imagined. To roy friend Duncan who was not, however, the obief actor in th strange event I am about to narrate, I woul give the palm for imagination. His ioiBgmo tion did not, however, run sway with bim, fe he immediately reduced its wildest flights to practical form on paper, thence transferred that to «Isis and titles, and burnt them into itnmoi tality in his adjacent kiln. That he lived in world of dragons and ghouls, angels and cherubi saints and Devils, I will not deny, and in on form or another they were scattered pretty free! about the house ; but they have no possible beat isg on my tale, and t mention them merely t give my readers a fair idea of the house and it inmates. Previous to my taking possession of it, ra; studio had been occupied by an artist who ha died there, very suddenly, of heart disease. H was seised with the attack which carried him 06 while at work, had staggered back, and expire! upon a sofa which was just behind him. De hai been a man of undoubted ability. His late works were even much Bought arter, and real'uei a considerable sum in tbs market, lie possessed however, singularly retiring habits, and one 0 bis peculiarities was, that he never would nllov even hie most intimate friends to be admittei when he was at work, and would never allow 1 picture to be leen until it was completed. ! had not been personally acquainted with him but bsd gathered these particulars from Duncan who knew him well, and was the last person »hi saw him alive. From reasons which it is unnecessary to ex plain, the old couple to whom I hare referred ai having been in charge of the house, were obligee to leave somewhat unexpectedly, and for severa days wc were unable to find uny suitable persor to take their place. During thia interval no on< slept in the house at night, as both the oorupsuti of the upper floor were absent. Wc had nindi a temporary arrangement with a mau »bo wai occasionally employed on odd jobs, to remain it the house until nine o'clock, to answer the dcor, in the etont of any one calling. After (hot hour if he wished to visit our studios, which was nol very frequently the case, wo were obliged to Iel ourselves in with a latch-key. A box ol matches and a candle are always left on th« mantle-piece in the ball, so that we could obtain a light when it was required. I have written the foregoing dcBCriplior without any particular attempt ot seriousness and with that étrange feeling uppermost in my mind which impels people to laugh at a funeral or under some other solemn circumstances it whioh the feelings are really very deeply moved When 1 say that the event which I am about k describe effected me so deeply that I have nerei since entered that studio, and that nothing would ever induco ms to do eo, it will beat encl understood that I regard it in a very serions light indeed, I had bees spending the evening at the house of a friend who lived in the neighbourhood ol the square. I left bim at about eleven o'clock, end as 1 had been for some days expecting a letter of considerable importance, I thought I would take the opportunity af looking in at the studio, on my way to the station, to see if it had arrived. We had bad a long discussion at my friend'shousa on the subject of spiritualism, and I had, as usual, expressed in tolerably stroug terms my entire unbelief in those who professed to hold oonrerse with the spiritual world, by means of a table ; and who were, nevertheless, BO little impressed with the startling issues in- voked- supposing their belief to be well founded -that they could sit down afterwards, and eat a hearty supper off the very table which bad been the means of producing such wondrous manifestations. Msny marvellous stories ol supernatural appearances had been related by some of the guests, not as evidence of so-called spiritualism, but in proof of our occasional inter- course, under exceptional circumstances, with the t spirit world, and some of these, wbich it was diffi- cult to explain away on natural grounds, were dwelling vividly in my mind as I opened the ball door in F--Square. The night was dark, and, even with the door open, I bsd some difficulty in finding my way to the mantelpiece where the candle and matches , were usually deposited. Just as I had struck a match a puff of wind through tbe open door blew it out, »Dd I was compelled to go to the door, and close it, before I attempted to light another. It was but s few paces from the door to the mantelpiece, but as I retraced my steps in total darkness siter closing tbe door, the con- sciousness of being alone in the gloomy old bouse, and the intense darkness and stillness seemed to come upon me quite suddenly with ?n unaccountable chill. Probably the recent conversation at my friend's bouse had a good deal to do with this, but it is certain that even after I bsd lighted the candle, and was pursuing my way up the broad stone staircase, that unde- finable dread of the supernatural, which the most matter-of-fact people st times experience, wat strong upon me. After I was in my studio, however, witt» the familiar objects of my worka- day life about me, tbe sensation soon vanished, and I sat down, to contemplate by the dim light of a caudle a picture upon which I had been working during the day. I observed that it bad almost slipped from the frame, and being a full length and somewhat heavy, I determined to get a nail and fasten it more securely, fearing some catastrophe, if I left it in its present condi- tion. My hammer and nails were always kept ia en old oak press, which stood opposite the door. It was a quaint piece of furniture covered with curious carvings, and bad belonged to my pre- decessor, Mr. Heseltine, whose sudden death bsd cast such a gloom over the place. I had taken it, together with some fixtures, at a valua- tion, when I entered upon the occupation of the room, and, as it was heavy and cumbersome, it had never been removed from the dark corner where I had found it. The upper part contained a cupboard in wbich I kept all aorta of odds and ends, my tools included. AB the door of this cupboard bad a chronic tendency to ewing open, I usually turned the key wben I shut it, leaving the key in tbe lock. On this occasion, however, I found tho key vas gone, end I naturally COD- 1 eluded that it roust liavo fallen ont on to the floor. Holding the candle c'oee to the ground 1 i looked about for it, but it Trna not to be eeen 1 Concluding that I must have inadvertently looted it and put «hs key away eomenhore, ' gave op thc idea of nailing in the picture, that night, na it waa getting near tho time for my train. I therefore pushed it close into tho rab- bet of the frame, knowing that it would not be interfered with until I came in the morning. I then took my candle, left the room, and locked the door. Taking out tho key, I proceeded downstairs and placed the candle, on the mantel- piece in the hall, end I waa just lifting my hand to put on the extinguisher, wbeu the action was arrested by the sudden shutting of tho door up- stairs. The sound was so loud and distinct that, coming ns it did unexpectedly, mid at that late hour, it caused mo to start violently, lt came evidently from the first floor. Hod I not shut and locked my alucio door myself, I should have declared from the direction of the sound that it was my door which had thus awakened thc echoes of the empty house. The only otli'r door near it waa the ose leading to tho studio of fdr. Midletoin, and in the quick rushof thought that followed the sound, I reflected that he must have left his room open, and that the wind had caused thc door to slam. There »as no time for further reflection, howovcr, for. before the sound caused by the clamming of the door had died ¡ away, I heard footsteps coming down the second flight of stairs. For a moment I was really I alarmed. The previous death-like stillness of the house, the lateness of the hour, and the ex I treme improbability of any of tho inmates heine there st that time, all rushed into my mind atd ! brought back, with a sensation which amounted i to positive pain, the strange chill T had felt on first entering the bouse. Fears of the super j natural, however,aro soon dissipated in the prc I sence of substantial bodily forms,'and I drew a I breath of relief as I saw by the dim light of the I single candle on the mantelpiece, a human figure, clad in a matter-of-fact coat and trousers, de- scending from the landing of the first flight. The noise and the unhesitating step had caused me at once to dismiss the idea of burglars, and I know it must be either Howarth or Middleton. I had again taken the candle in my hand, and was shading the light from my eyes so that I might better discern tba approaching figure. My utter amazement may be imagined when I at length made out the features, and found they were those of an entire stranger. He hod reached the bottom of the stairs and was coming towards me with a quick step atong the centre of tho Hall, looking neither to the right nor left, but goiog straight toward the hall door. There was nothiug remarkable in his appearance. j He was a man of middle height, well dressed, in a frock coat, groy tweed trowsers, and a tall I hat, which he wore somewhat off bis forehead. I He had a long brown beard and moustache, an . open intellectual expression of countenance, and a gentlemanly bearing, which impressed me so favourably, that any suspicions as to his motive in being there at that ¡lour were at once ' dispelled. I naturally thought that, being a stranger, he would offer eomo explanation nato Iiis presence at such a time, but ho passed on without taking the slightest no'ico of nie. Whrn became quite close I perceived that the left rye, the ono next to me, was fixed ns if thc sight were gone, but this was no czp!anatinii of thc fact of his not speaking, ns he must hare econ mo os ho catto downstairs. Hud there been anything in Ibo least degree suspicious in his appearance, I should have claimed tho right, which I felt wat mine, that hour ; but his whole bearing forebade this, and I could only attribute his silence to on absence of politeness, which seemed at variance with hia refined bearing. He had passet me by, and was within a few paces of the door, before t had fairly recovered . from the surprise the whole affair had occasioned. ; I was determined, however, that he should not leave the house without a word, and advancing a step or two behind him, I said simply " Good evening." The moment I had uttered the wordt he stopped suddenly, turned quite round, so sato command me with his right eye, looking at me attentively for a second or two, passed , his hand rapidly across his forehead, and then, without a word, turned again towards the door, opened it by pressing back the handle of the , spring look, and passed out into the etreet, ! closing the door behind him, j I waa so utterly amazed, that, for a moment ' I stood motionless. This feeling was succeeded by one of intense annoyance at the man's rude- ness. " Hang it," I thought, " I will insist on some explanation. It ie quite right that I should do so." Even as I esid this, however, the thought of the fine pensive face seemed to dolor me. Io spite of the defect of vision, there was an intensity of expression, a melancholy, together with a tenderness in tho face, which made it seem like au intrusion to question him. I felt, however, that there was a responsibility ea my shoulders, and hastily putting out the light, I opened the door and passed out. The square was perfectly quiet. Tho night was fine, and the lamps lit as usual. There was no turning for at least fifty yards on each side of the house, and certainly not ten seconds had elapsed between the time of the exit of tho stranger and my reaching the door-step. Yet he was not to be eeen. I looked to the right, I looked to the left, I looked carefully at the high spiked railings of the square garden op- posite. Kot a soul wat to bo seen. My sus- picions returned with renewed force, and I frit that I had been duped by that placid deceitful countenance. It was evident that he must have taken to his heels, and run away at top speed, the moment he was outside tho door, very pos- sibly with some valuables from the upper rooms in his pocket. Vexed beyond measure ac my own stupidity in letting him pass, I turned towards the station. Sot ten yards from my door I came upon a policeman going the rounds, to ascertain whether the hall doors of tho various houses were securely fastened. He was passing on in the direction away from myetudio, so that I concluded be must have been near my door when the stranger emerged. " Did you see anyone come out of No. 30 a few minutes ago ?" I asked. " Ko, eir. I was standing in the doorway of No. 31 when you came out, and I waited a moment te see who it was; hut noone came out before you." !' Oh ! you are mistaken. A person left the houses few seconds before me, and he has rather excitept my suspicions by making off as fast as his legs can carry him. I was boping you would have seen which way he went." " Excuse me, air ; but if he had come out, I tnuBt have heard the door, and tnuBt have seen him, for I was close by." What was I to think ? I could not doubt the evideuce of my own aenses. Yet the man seemed equally positive. Had my spiritual ex- periences caused my imagination to play me this trick ? and waa the whole thing merely a creation of my own brain P I could not believe it. 'the policeman must have been too much occupied with bis scrutiny of the adjoining door to notice anything else. I bade him good night, and passed on ; for I had only a few minutée to catch my tiain. CUiPrEn li. I PASSED a restless night. The feeling upper- most in my mind was that I hod allowed a man to leave the house ia the square who, I was more and more convinced, waa there for some ^Eclarious purpose, and I blamed myself more than I cen express. At an early hour the next morning I started for town. All tho superstitious feelings of the previous night were dissipated by the sunshine and the fresh morning air, end, as I neared the studio, ï quit« laughed ut myself far the flight« I had allowed my imagination to take. On miring at tho door, I met Middleton, who came from another direction ; Duscan, who tired nt no great distanco from the square, was utready in his room. Asking Middleton lo accompany mc, I went in lo Duncan, whose rooms, as I lure nlrendy explained, wore on the ground-floor. I thought it better to confers my oversight of the night before without delay, and to institute n careful search up-steirs, to ascertain if onything were missing. " I nm afraid I did a very foolish thing last night," I said j " 1 happened to look in hero very late, and saw a mon come down-stairs and go out of tho door in rather a suspicious manner. Thinking he came from one of the upper rooms, I let him poss unquestioned. In fact, I wns thrown off my guard by hts very respectable appearance; but I have eince thought I ought to have ascertained the object of his visit. I want you both to ere if there is anything missing in your roomB." " Tliero could not be from mine," rejoined Middleton ; " for I locked the door and took away the key." "Nor from mine," added Duncan! "for I did the same. It must have been some one belonging to Howarth or Mis9 Fehden. It's odd, too, for they are both in tho country ; and I don't see why they should want to send any one herc at that time of night, Besiies," he added, " no one could get into their rooms, for I happen to have the keys in my desk. They asked mo to take care of them when they left." A sudden thought flashed through my mind as Duncan finished his sentence-tho recollec- tion of tbe door I bad beard slam the previous night. " S"ou must bo wrong, ono of you," I answered -, " for I distinctly recollect bearing a heavy door slam upstairs, just before the mysterious atrangor made his appearance. I know I locked my own door, and you say all the other doors were locked ; but tIii« could not bave been tho case, or, at any rate, if they were, the mon roust have bad a key." " Oh ! that's impossible," rejoined Duncan. " None of tho doors have duplioate koys. If be bad been in one of tho rooms, lie must have picked the lock. It certainly seems suspicious. What sort of a looking fellow was be ? " " Well, tbaf a the provoking part of it I He was such a deuced good-looking fellow that be excited no suspicion. He was perfectly well dressed, bad a most intellectual coun- tenance, and the complete bearing of a gentle- man. The onlv thing that spoiled bis good j looks was the loss of thc sieht of ono eye. He bad what I should call o wall eye." j Dunoon has been sitting in a listless posi : lion in an easy chair during the foregoing ! eonvcrattioi, but at tho mention of the wail eye be suddenly looked up. "Thats rather an old coincidence," he said. : " Poor Heseltine, whodiedinvourroom, had what we always used to call a well eye." The words were spoken in a musing kind of 1 tone, as if the speiker did not attach much importanco to them ; but they were no sooner i uttered than I again felt that superstitious \ thrill which had como upon mo so atrongly tho night before. Duncan went on as if bc were j ittjnt ou tracing some imaginary likeness i between the mysterious visitor and tbe j decease] artist. I " Had lie a heard and moustache P-a long, j brown beard ? " be asked. " Vet," I answered, getting more and more I astonished, " and a wonderfully taking, though : mournful, countenance, and wore bis hat i pushed back off his forehead." j Duncan rose from bis chair, looked at me I for a moment with a most peculiar expression ; I then, without a word, walked to the table and j began turning over the leaves of a photograph album. I watched bira in some surprise, with I a dim kind of prescience of what was to follow. 1 He took a loose photograph from tbs book and came towards me. " Did you ever see poor Heseltine f " be asked, holding out the photograph. " Never," I replied, as I took it from bim. The next moment I had stoggered back into a chair BB pale as a corpse. " Good God ! Duncan," I grasped ; " this is the man I met in the ball last night." There wai o dead silence for a few moments ; then Duncan said very composedly, " That's impossible ; for poor Heseltine has been dead two years. It's an awfully queer thing, though ; for Heseltine waa not an ordinary looking man, end be hadn't a relation a bit like bim. Who in the world could it have been ? " "Duncan," I answered, very solemnly, " you may laugh at me, if you will j but I tell you distinctly that this is a portrait of the man I met in the hall last night ; there is no shadow of difference : features, expression, character, are all exact. What it means, Heaven only knows ; hut I would swear to the man in any court of justice." They wore both impressed by roy words and manner, though it waa evident they still thought me under some delusion. " I declare," «aid Middleton, " you begin to make me feel there is some truth in the report that the house is haunted." " Haunted ! " I echoed. .' Ob ! ye«," said Duncan ; " they have said that ever since poor Heseltine died-but that's what they always say of a house where a murder, or suicide, or sudden death, has taken place. Don't tell Mies Bebden," he added, with n laugh, " or she'll be giving us notice to quit." " Dpon my word," said Middleton, " we ought not to be standing here without inquiring into tho matter. Ghost or nb ghost, it's as well to examine the rooms." Mechanically I followed them from the room. Although I could not expect to impress ray companions with tbe feelings thot filled ray own breast, I could no longer doubt that one of thoso mysterious decrees of Providence, which bring us at times into communion with beings from another world, and concerning which I had previously been so sceptical, had actually taken place in this case. If I had ever seen either Heseltine or his portrait my imagination might have played mo this trick ; but hie features had been utterly unknown to me, and I was positively convinced, though I failed to impress this on my companions, that the man I had seen the previous night, nnd the person represented in tbe photograph, were one and the same. I was utterly confounded, «nd could with difficulty bring myself to speak, or even to think, of other subjects. What could have been the purport of this visitation ? I could not believe that the appearance was purposeless, or for any idle end, and I longed to penetrate the mystery in wbich it was at present enveloped. I was eo lost in thought that, for some minutes, I waa regardless of the proceedings of my companions. They had loitered on the lauding, and Duncan was talking. "You have never heard about the lost picture ? " be said. T Never," replied Middleton. " Oh ! I thought every one in the bouse had heard about that." " I have never heard it," I interposed. " Ie it anything in connection with poor Heseltine ? " asked Middleton. " Well, yes it is ; a very important matter in connection with him. At least, very impor- tant, as far BS the family are concerned, as it is a loss of several hundred pounds to them." " Tell us about it." " Wby, it seems thal at the time Heseltine died, he was at work on a Tery important picture. Ko one bad eeen it, for you loon bis peculiar feeling about showing hit works before they wera finished ; and he was more than usually strict about this one. He had sold bis previous picture for fire hundred pound«, and he told his wife ho quite hoped to got half as much again for the last, which was nearly completed. Strange to any, after his death the picture was not to ba found. It was known that ho had been working on it the previous day, for he mentioned having advanced it immensely, end that it was near completion. I was the first to co into bia room after tbe servant gave tho alarm. The picture then on his easel was a portrait. I saw nothing of the subject picture he was engaged on. I locked the door myself, and, nntil the family arrived, I know no one entered the roam ; yet the picture was never found." " What a very odd thing ! " "Tes, and a most annoying ons into thc bargain. The only explanation wo could arrive at was, that Heseltine had himself sent tho picture away somewhere, and that whoever had it was not honest enough to reveal the fact. Inquiries were made everywhere, advertisements inserted in the papers, and even reward« odored ; but to no purpose. Ko trace of it has ever been discovered. If it should turn up now it would he a godsend to the family, for they have lost a lot of money in that confounded bank failure the other day ; and, heaven knows, they had little enough before, poor things I " " What a rascally thing of anybody to keep the picture under such circumstances," said Middleton. During the latter part of this conversation I was fumbling with my key in tbe lock of thc door, which I could not turn. " Why, what's come to the lock f I said. " I can't turn the key." "For the best of all reasons," replied Duncan, advancing, and turning the handle. I " It's already unlocked." I started at the door in amazement. "I locked it last night," I said, "and took the key away with me." " TH tell you what it is," rejoined Duncan ; " the less you say about your last night's pro- ceeding tho better. It's more and more evident to me that you had been dining out, and I'm not quite sure you have recovered from the I effects yet." I Before he had finished bis sentence I had j crossed the room, and was standing in amaze I mont before the old oak press. I " What's the matter now ? asked Duncan, I seeing my look of astonishment. j " What in the name of Heaven d >es it al i mean ?" I gasped. "I declare that press i was shut and locked when I left last night. I 1 knew it was ; for I wanted to get aometbing out I of it, and couldn't find the key; now, hero is , the key in the lock, and the door open." "Come, come, that's too much! Confess, st . once, that you had exceeded your usual ! quantum last night. It's evident, old man, that you don't quite know what happened." I I thought ho seriously believed what he said, : although he knew me to he one of tho most I abstemious men living. I felt ready annoyed. " Duncan," I rejoined, *' I never was more Berious in roy life. I never was more clear- headed than I was last night. I remembor, i distinctly, every circumstance that occurred, to ; the minutest particular. There ie something j more in this than you seem to ¡matine, some« I thing which impresses me miro than I have i the power to express. I wish to Hoaven that i I could induce you to consider the matter in a I serious light" Middleton hat gone into his own rooorn. Duncau turned and shut the door, and then ! sat down ou the sofa with a more serious face i than before. i " Tho fact is," ho answered, " I do regard this I tn a more eerious light than you imagine ; only, as you and I are the persons chiefly implicated, I don't wish to alarm the house. I was impressed with your face and manner when you looked at the photograph, and your description of the person you saw is so exactly that of poor Heseltine, that, whoever it was, it amounts to more than a coincidence. I can't attempt to explain it ; but it makes me feel any- thing but comfortable, I can assure you. Have you made up your mind what to do f " " W hat can be done ? The figure, whatever it was, took no notice of me, and, with the exception of this open cabinet, it has left no results." " What is the day of the month ?" Duncan suddenly asked. " The 20th. What has that to do with it ?" Duncan turned pale. " This ii the very day lie died," he said, in a low tone, " and on this very sofa. It waa bert I found him, lying with bis head on one side, and with quite a peaceful smile on his lips." "Duncan," I said, after a few minutes' reSeclion, "will you come bare with me to-night ? The thing may he alt a delusion | some étrange, inexplicable coincidence, and flight of fancy ; but still I feel it a sort of duty to try nnd solve the mystery." " Unfortunately, it is impossible. I must go to Folkestone this afternoon, es I have to meet a man there thia evening-a very particular appointment about a churcb window-befjre he goes abroad. Stay, though," he added, "it would bo possible for me to come back by a late train. On eecond thoughts, I wonld rather not stay there the night. (Sive me a Bradshaw." I handed him the required book. While he was looking over it, Middleton returned. He said ho had been all over the upper floors : the rooms were every one locked» and there waa no sign of any one having been there the previous night. " Your imagination must have been playing yon a trick," he aaid. "Stilt it was an odd thing about the photograph." Duncan left the room, taking the book with him, " I'll tee you again by-and- by," he aaid, as be departed. Middleton stayed to help me replace tbs picture which had slipped out of its frame the night beforo. Half an hour after, we were alt busy at our respective tasks, and had to a certain extent banished from our minds the étrange event which had happened the night before. Later in the day, Duncan came in to me egain. " I'll tell you what I have decided on," he said. "I cannot help thinking that this mysterious affiir, coming at such a time, and when the family are in such need, has some- thing to do with the lost picture. I don't know why, but it amounts almost to a convic- tion. I've made up my mind to come back to-night, and will join you here if you will oome. If nothing more happens, I think we may safely conclude that it is some delusion. Are you certain yon never saw that photograph of poor Heseltine, when looking over my book P" "1 sm quite positive I never saw it, for I never looked into your book ; in fact I never knew you had one in your room. I am equally certain I never saw anyone like the figure I met in the hall, for it impressed me deeply. Had I seen him or hit picture before, I must have remembered it. What lime shall you be bock to-night ?" " I find there ia a train which will bring me to Charing Cross at 10 35. If it is in decent time I ought to bs here by eleven o'clock. I suppose you won't care to be inside alone. Will yon meet me at the door, say at eleven, sharp ?" I reflected a few minutes. ""I don't wish to lay claim to any extra- ordinary amount or pluck," I aaid, " and if I consulted my inclination, I should propose to meet you at the door; but really, even after all that ha» occurred, it seems to me too sbaurd to think that I should be afraid to entor the house for fear of ghosts. If it is really a eupsr natural appearance, which I eau hardly brine myself to believe, it is tent with some object, and I don't see why one should shirk it, ) shall employ myself in my room until you esme, and when you knock I will let you in We can keep a light burning in the hall." *' You need not take the trouble to < oms down : I can let myself in with the latch key. It's as well to mention this," be added, with a feeble emile," for if I came upon you unawares, you might take mo for tho ghost, and do me some bodily injury." " No fear of that, old men; you are not a bit alike, so you may consider yourself safe for lbs phreient. Well, then, nt eleven, or there- about, I shall look for you. Be es early as you can," I added. " Trust me for that ¡ at present my feeling is one of intense curiosity. What it will be by and-by, I won't venture to say." De left me, and I went on working for the rest of the doy in a tolerably equable frame of mind. Towards evening, however, I must confess that o feeling of nervousness came over me audi thought, after all, that the arrangement I had made was rather unwise Even supposing the whole thing to have beon a delusion, still, with my nerves in their present excited state, my imagination might play me such a trick es to produce the moat disastrous consequences. I began to repent, but lhere was uo help for it ; besides, if there were any object in his appearance-and I could not bring myself to behove the contrary- it was manifestly, my duty not to shirk the task of endeavouring to discover it.-AU Ile Year Bound. 