THE NEW SECT. ? *. ? One of. the most remarkable phenomena of the ago we live in is, that while ( the evil spirit of Liberalism has cast its shadow across the civilized world, an un usual proportion of liberally^ educated people seem to have become the victims; of sross. downright credulity. Fifteen vears ago, when the spiritualists first begfrn to ' intrude on the public notice, some be lieved, others scoffed, while the majority met their claims with silent contempt, assuming that tales so BaronMunchausen ike -would never influence public opinion, nor enable the professors of spiritualism to found a sect of any consequence. To a certain extent their prophecies have been fulfilled. We nave long ceasea to near accounts of sofas climbing tables, or of concertinas flitting about the room, or of a dead wile giving an unlucky husband, who had married again, a slap on the face. But, judging by American prints, there is a very large number of people who do be lieve that ' under certain circumstances, such as a darkened room, the presence of a medium, and generally the payment of a tolerably large entrance fee, ] the dead can and do commu nicate their' thoughts to the living. Of the truth or falsehood of this allegation J we have no knowledge. It is a curious question whether those who claim to have witnessed these miracles knoio much more than we do. If the facts stated are separated from the inferences drawn from them, the case seems to stand thus : Those who claim to be original witnesses know that certain sounds reached their senses ; but they da not know any more than we do, either that the sounds did prooeed. from the spirits, or that they were not the result of imposture. That the sounds were pro duced by the 'spirits is ah inference hardly capable of either direct or indirect proof. Certain inarticulate sounds are heard which are supposed to spell out certain worda which are supposed to proceed, from, the spirit. But what 'proof is there that these spunds proceed from the spirit at all? Unles3 we have some independent know ledge of spirits and of their modes of action, it tends to prove nothing of the kind. As we know nothing whatever about the world of spirits, the sounds might as well prooeed from an angel, or from a devil, or from the man in the moon, as from the supposed spirit. The whole extent of the knoioledge of original witnesses is that cer tain noises have been heard which can only he attributed either to supernatural | causes or to imposture. Of com*se a large amount of liberality must be allowed to those who allege that they have not only heard but seen. Supposing that the witnesses speak the truth, there is Hfctle chance of imposture. Taking the familiar instance of th§ Jfiama ghost, e\tbpl' Mr. farkea did see the ghost, ov \\{\s senses de ceived hin^ or. ho £i(l not speak the truth — which, thank God ! is impossible. Of course we would not be understood to breathe a word against the possibility of miracles. As we believe that miracles have been performed, we believe there is always an antecedent possibility of their being performed again. What we object to are the evidences adduced and the in ferences drawn f om them. When spiritualists attribute their mysterious noises to spiritual influence they fail to recognize the important rule that if more causes than one may account for a fact, its existence cannot be said to prove any one of them. Were the surrounding circumstanoes not so suspicious, had any good resulted from fifteen years of spiri tualism, had the spirits taught anything, wained us of anything, proclaimed any thing, then we might pause arid consider carefully the possibility of imposture, and of the original witnesses being mistaken. Until we are given some reason fpr be lieving, it can hardly be expected that the spiritualists will make many conquests among a people who are by no means remarkable for their cveduM'y. It would he har^h and uncharitable to charge spiritualists with imposture. When a man like Mr. Parkes stakes his reputation on the fact of his having'seen a spirit, we have no alterna tive but to believe that they are the vic tims of a morbid imagination. To sup pose this will satisfy the requirements of charity as well as the requirements of the case. 