LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW SOUTH WALES PROTESTANT HALL. This event whioh' has been the' constant topic o of ! conversation and thought ' amongst Orange- ' inen i and 'Protestants for the last six months, „ took place on Tuesday the 9 th November. For " years-past Protestants have wished for a hall of their.1' Own, but till the present they have allowed the disgrace to rest upon them of not carrying' those wishes into effect. Now that ,.i disgrace- may be said to be removed, for in a oi few. months a noble structure will surmount the "foundation stone which was laid on Tuesday. Shortly after 9 a. m. large numbers of Protest- ; ; ants— -members and non-members of the various " Protestant societies — began to arrive in tho 1 '.< outer Domain, and to form into marching order, i - Contingents that arrived from the suburbs and tho railway station swelled the number of the processionists to nearly 10,000. The members ;of the P.A.F. Society of Sydney, and of the r P.A.F. Society of Australasia wore Orange jf i and blue sashes and rosettes as entitled to by t>; law. A Court of Foresters walked in their regalia. The Orange Institution, through its ' Grand Lodge,, had with commendable regard for \- -the keeping of the law passed a resolution to the . t effect that its members should not wear their >.,J few individuals, who reasoned that if the i i> O'Connellites could wear their green, they were j '"entitled" to wear their orange. Numbers of . ' "'women were decorated with orange and purple Bashes, ribbons, rosettes, and streamers, and many a luscious orange impaled . on the end of a parasol or a flagpole had envious looks cast at it ' .from , among the processionists toiling through ;- dust and sun. The procession, headed by Mr. Gilchrist carrying an open Bible, and accom- , , panied with hands of musio, banners, and flags. , r i started, from the Domain about 10 o'clock, and ''proceeded by way of Macquarie Bridge, George and 'Park-streets to the site in Castlereagh- . ; street, a few yards south of Bathurst-street. 'The spectacle alo;ag the line of route was mag-' ' mficent. ' The huge body of yveB-dressed, orderly men, decorated for the most part with orange and blue, the splendid banners waving, the flags flying, the bands of music playing loyal and inspiriting tunes, the crowds of onlookers decked in holiday attire, that blocked up the pavemont of both sides of the road, the thou- sands of more fortunate individuals gazing from upstairs windows, balconies, roofs of houses, parapets, &e.;, all this was a sight calculated to 1111 the most apathetic Protestant with enthu siasm. It was estimated that the/number of processionists aud spectators was about 30,000. On the ground a temporary platform had been erected, on which, were the following gentlemen, — The Bishop of Sydney, the Revs. Dr. Steel, Dr. Barry, Mr. Oram, J. A. Dowie, G. H. Moreton, A. Burdett, H. A. Langley, Dr. Gil christ, D. Allen, C. Stewart, Principal Kinross, Dean Cowper, J. Vaughan, W. Ridley, B. Chap man, F. Hibberd, Mr. Dixon, John Ayling, Dr. White, Mr. Wood, Mr. Barnier, Canon Stephen, Mr. Wilkinson, J. D. Langley, R. Sellors, J. C. Kirby, C. Olden, G. Sutherland, H. Maoready, Jas. Milne, D. Galloway, Mr. Fitzgerald, W. Druitt, T. Wilsoi), Mr. Betts, E. Symonds, W. Beg, R. S. Willis, F. W. Ward, J. A. Nolan, J. Gardiner, W. Backhouse, T. V. Alkin; Sir, Alfred Stephen, C.B., K.C.M.G., the Hon. John Sutherland, M.L.A.; the Hon S. D. Gordon, M.L.C.J, M. B. Palmer (the Mayor), Mr. Fos- bery, Dr. Boyd, Mr. W. Hezlett, Mr. H. Dixon, Mr. S. H. Pearce, Mr. R. McCoy. Lady Barker and several other ladies were also on the platform. Castlel'eagh-street, in front of the building, from Bathurst- street to Liverpool-street was densely packed with people who conducted themselves in a most orderly manner, considering that thousands of them had to stand in the broiling sun for nearly two hours unable to see or hear anything of the great event. As along the line of march so it was at the ground every spot from which a view could be obtained was availed of, and roofs, parapets, windows, and balconies were crowded with spectators. The proceedings commenced by the Rev. Mr. Wil kinson giving out the first hymn beginning with the words "Before Jehovah's awful throne," which was sung by the assembly. Alter the Rev. Geo. Sutherland had offered up prayer,, the Rev. W. Wood read a portion of Scripture. After the singing of the second hymn, "OGod of Bethel ! by whose hand," Mr. R. M'Coy (chairman of the directors o the Protestant Hall Company) expressed his congratulations at the large, respectable, and orderly gathering brought together that day to witness the laying of the foundation-stone of a great building which was not intended for any particular Church, but as a centre where Pro testants could all meet, sinking their denomina tional differences, and agreeing to differ, and where they could all unite in defence of the glorious interests of their common Protestantism, which, they firmly believed, were founded on the Word of God. He stated that a document, of which the following is a copy, would be placed beneath the stone : — " This foundation- stone of the New South Wales Protestant Hall was laid by the Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D. , Lord Bishop of Sydney, on the 9bh day of November, in tho year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-live, being the thirty- third anniversary of the birthday of his Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Hercules George Robert Robinson, K.C.M.G., &o.;, being Governor of the colony of New South Wales ; Benjamin Palmer, Esq., J.P., Mayor of the city of Sydney; Stephen Stiles Goold, Esq., M.P., Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution ; Robert Vescys, Esq., President of the Protest ant Alliance of Sydney ; Samuel Bond Gough, Esq:, President of Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia ; Eight Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney ; Rev. James Cameron, M.A., Moderator of Presby terian Assembly ; Rev. Samuel Wilkinson, Pre sident of Wesleyan Conference ; Rev. Morgan Williams, Chairman of Congregational Union ; Rev. George James, Chairman of Primitive: Methodist Church ; Rev. A. Burdett, Chairman of Baptist Union. Provisional Directors of Now South Wales Protestant Hall Company (limited) . — Richard M'Coy (chairman), Stephen S. Goold, M.P., William Hezlet, J. P., John Hurley, "Rev. John M'Gibbon, LL.D., Robert Thompson, Samuel Baylis, H. C. Colyor, W. H. Pigott, J. O. Beare, J. D. Morris, John Bibb.' John Ramsay, secretary. Thomas Rowe,: Esq.,: architect. Henry Evers, contractor for f ounda- ' tion. Dated at Sydney, this ninth day of Nov ember, 1875." He stated also that there would be placed beneath the stone a copy of: the, SydneyMorning Herald , Eoening Hews, Christian Advocate, Protestant Standard,' ' Australian Churchman and The Witness, Mr. McCoy,, on behalf of the Protestant Hall Company, presen ted the Bishop of Sydney with a silver trowel and mallet," with which the Bishop, under the direction of Mr. Rowe, the architect, laid the foundation stone of the Protestant Hall, in the name of the Father-, the Son, and tho Holy. Ghost. ; ' The Bishop of Sydney, having laid the stone, said : It is with very great satisfaction that I take the part assigned to mo in this day's pro ceedings, and assist my fellow Protestants in providing a suitable hall for their meetings. I deem it an honour to have been asked to lay this stone, I accept this request as a mark of confidence, and rejoice in such an evidence of the esteem which so many of the citizens of Sydney entertain for one who has lived before them for twenty years, and who makes no other claim to their regard than his earnest desire and consistent endeavour to uphold the Reform ed Protestant faith. (Cheers. ) I beg to thank the friends who have thus distinguished me, and have afforded me this public opportunity of commending those principles to the attention and acceptance of many who, if they do not hear, will read the w'ords which are now uttered. We are Protestants. What then ? asks some one. What is a Protestant ? and what is the Protestant religion ? and where was your religion before Luther ? and so forth. (Laugh ter.) We reply that our religion is in the Bible, or, in other words, that tho Bible, and the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants. We differ, no doubt, on some, and perhaps many points ; but' we agree in this, our rule of faith is the Word of God. Whatever is not found therein, or cannot be proved thereby, we do not receive, and if an attempt is made to force upon our acceptance articles of faith we cannot believe we protest— (cheers)— and have for some ages protested, and have protested with such good effect that wherever tho English language is Bpoken there you will find a people agreeing to maintain this fundamental principle — that the Bible is the sole rule of faith. (Cheers.) Agreement upon this point is agree ment upon a foundation of truth. The testi mony of Scripture is the rock upon which the Church is built. It is founded on the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the head cornerstone. Any other foundation than this is faulty, and however fair in appearance or lofty in pretension the superstructure may be, if not resting upon this one foundation, it is doomed to destruction ; of it, as of great Babylon, it- will ono day be said, " It is fallen, it is fallen." Let it be observed that the differences of Protestants are differences in the interpretations of Scripture, and these differences can never cease so long as freedom of inquiry and liberty of conscience are allowed to men. (Cheers.) The day is past when it was possible to produce a dead uniformity by the. violent suppression of the utterances of an awakened- and inquiring conscience. We may and do differ upou the meaning of certain terms in which Church government is set forth ; but in this we agree— we recognise one, and only one Supreme; Authority, we make oiir appeal to' one Statute; Book— Title Word of God. And I repeat that so long as men are honest and free, sucli differ ences will prevail, and are no valid objections against tho supreme-authority of the Scriptures. Take an illustration. Very conscientious and, able advocates differ widely in their interprets- j tion of. an Act of Parliament. Very learned; and impartial judges may be quite unable to agree in their decisions. But all, advocates and judges, are of one mind in this respect, that, whenever the law is ascertained, it is supreme, and must be obeyed, and to this extent all Pro testants are agreed — with them the authority of Scripture is final and decisive. Their difficulty in determining the the meaning of Scripture; has led some to desire that an infallible inter pretation of it codld be obtained, and they have sought relief from the responsibility of private judgment in the voice of the Church, the uuarii-: mous consent of theFathors, or in the authori tative decisions of some spiritual guide. The Church of Rome professes to supply this guid ance, and affirms that the Pope, to whom, in the Pope's letter to the Emperor of Prussia, all baptized persons are said to " belong in some way or other," (laughter) has authority to decide in matters of faith, and that all who yield them selves to his infallible decisions are Bafe. "I claim," says Archbishop Manning, speaking in the person of the Pope, "to be the supreme judge on earth and director of the consciences of men, of the peasant that tills the field, and the prince that sits on the throne, of the house hold, that sits in the shade of privacy, ancl the legislature that' makes laws for the kingdom. I am the last supreme judge, ;on earth of what is right and wrong." (Laughter.) Against these statements and the claims founded on them, v/e protest as nnseriptural and untruo. (Cheers.) They are, in the language of one of the Articles of the Church of England, "fond inventions" ; in tho language of an Old Catholic, Dr. Dollin- ger, they are "fables of the Middle Ages;" falsehoods, founded upon forgeries. (Cheers.) Take for example the famous donation of Con stantino, as it is called, by which it was pre tended that the Emperor Constantine gave to the Bishop of Rome imperial power and honour, made him judge of all that concerns the service of God, and supreme authority over all the Churches in the world, and conferred upon him the sovereignty over Rome, Italy, and the West- em regions. The little word "or" being after wards in this same forgery translated : into "and," for the purpose of securing Ireland. (Laughter. ) Our Irish friends are, some of them at least, indignant at being placed under an English Government, and are vehement in their aspirations after independence and Home Rule. Does it ever occur to them to inquire how they were first brought under the hated Saxon yoke ? A pope gave them over to 'an English king. Pope Hadrian blessed the second King Henry's invasion of Ireland, and founded his grant of the kingdom' 'upon the authority of the forged 'donation of- Constantine, provided every house paid a penny to Peter. (Laughter.) The false decretals were' a still moro stupendous forgery. The end aimed at in them is the same as in the donation of Constantine — tho Bishop of Rome is universal Bishops and all appeals are finally to be carried to Rome. These forgeries served their purpose for a time. They were sanctioned by infallible Popes. For centuries they were held to be authentic, and though now aban doned and pronounced to be forgeries by every modern historian of repute, in the catechism of the Council of Trent and by their famous theo logian Liguori they are still referred to as of authority. Against the claims thus propounded and supported we protest. For six centuries the Roman supremacy was unheard of in the universal Church. : It is rejected -in, the East of this day. We refuse to admit it on these and on other grounds. No man has- a right to claim 'Supreme authority over the conscience of another. - We are each of us responsible to God, . and that responsibility cannot be shared by another — cannot be usurped by another, however high his position or great his power. Instruction, information may be given, exhortatioli and per suasion may be used, but when one attempts to extort from another the profession of that which in his heart he disbelieves, a hypocrite or a martyr is made ; and if the body is saved from the flames it is at the peril of the, soul. In the domain of conscience, .we call, no man master or lord. We claim and we exercise the right of private judgment as a part of that in heritance which our forefathers purchased, not without some cost and labour and suffering even unto death. These claims of the Church of Rome, against which we' protest; set up and maintained by forgery and fraud, were for some ages received, or were challenged but by few. They were times of ignorance of the Scriptures, "there was no open vision." But with the revival of letters and the discovory. of printing, when Erasmus published his edition of the Greek Testament, and Luther and Tyndal gave to the people the Bible in the vulgar tongue, then light broke upon an awakened; Europe. The night of darkness was indeed long ; the truth had been fettered and thrust into the inner prison, and its feet made fast in the stocks. The Refernjajiion was an earthquake, a manifes- tation of divine power, before which manywho had been the gaolers and tormentors of God's servants were constrained to', "cry "out, V'tWhat shall we do to be saved ?" . A liberated Bible freed tho world from mental and spiritual slavery. This was felt and feared. Every effort was made to suppress'andj destroy'|the early printed copies of the Scriptures, and with such . success, that of Borne editions of Tyndal's Now Testament not a single copy remains, while he, the noble Englishman who first gave liberty to the world, was treacherously seized, and strangled, and his body burned at Velvorde. But the Word of God was hot to be ,thus bound. When the English Bible was allowed to be cir culated throughout the realm the Reformation became an accomplished ft.; , the., English nation took up that protest against the usurpa tions of the Bishop of Rome,- which, ; save .for brief intervals in the reigns of, iMary anduthe second James, has continued,, to : thjs day, and which we, God helping .us, .will; never ; cease. _to maintain. (Cheers.) The English Reyolution gave decided and permanent form to that protest which the Reformation began. , At the revolu tion the Protestant settlement wns established : — a transaction in virtue of which heti Majesty Queen Victoria sits upon the throng.? : (Cheers.) In that statute is the settlement ,of- William $nd Mary, cap. 6, entitled " An Act for establishing the Coronation , Oath and one of the articles of that oath is to - the-. following .effecfesof.'nWiU you, to the uttermost of your power,. maintain the , laws of God, the true, profession of,-:, the Gospel, and , tho Protostant ' reformed -religion established by law?" (Cheers.), It ia thus ono of the conditions by which the settlement of the Throne is secured to tho present Royal -Family that the. Sovereign- is .a Protestant, and sveara to .maintain the - Protestant- reformed' religion. (Cheers. ) This ex pression occurs ; also in the Act of Union with .Scotland.; .and1, on, , high authority it is maintained that the words were made large- enough intentionally,, to include the Church of Scotland, of , which Archbishop Tenison said at the lime "He Lbeliovedi-the Church of. Scotland to be , as true- a -Protestant Church as the. Church of England, though ho could not say it was as perfect. " ; (Cheers. ) The Queen of England carries ;out the spirit aiid.in- tention of this Constitution; when Bojourniiig in her Highland home she worships and commu nicates in tho parish church of Crathie ds ia Pro testant in the Presbyterian form, Again in tho Roman Catholic Relief Act ; the re ligion of England is styled the Protestant rohgion, and the Church of England- is theiPro- testant Episcopal Church. Have we. then .any reason to be ashamed of this maligned word ? (Voices: "No, no.") T trow not. . According to the Constitution of England the Queen, .God bless her, must be a Protestant. The Prince whose birthday wc commemorate, is a -Protest ant, and must romain such, as he ; ascends -the throne. The religion of England is , Protestant, the Church oE England , is Protestant, .and " Englishmen,", says -the , Times : .newspaper when speaking of the Old Catholics of Germany, " are. Protestants to the , backbone.!! (Great cheering.) There are indeed- some .whoidisavow this term, and one prominent member of the Ritualistic party is reported to have.gloried' in the fact that lie and his had; for ever got rid of tho odious word Protestant. We can believe the report tp bo true, since in the present use of. the term we understand that "Protestantism is a principle opposed to,Socerdotalism,.and is a perpetual protest against the wholo body of thc ritual doctrine, the avowed object of which is . to exalt the sacerdotal function, . and to-- trans form the minister of the .people into the priest of the sacrifice." .If -this is, a correct definition of Protestantism no wonder that Ritualists and their followers reject the, word. , But iit .jia further said that the term is unmeaning, that(it teaches nothing and is simply a negation. Tho phrase is no doubt, ijuderstood in the present timo m a sense different, from that which was attached to it when on the 19th of April, 1529 those brave and noble men the Elector, of Saxony, the Landgrave of Hesse, and - many others at the Diet of Spire, publicly protested against tho decree of the Assembly,. ; and appealed to tho Emperor and a future Council. The name, however, from, that time onward has . been common : to those who have forsaken the communion of the Roman Pontiff— who deny his supreme authority— and appeal to the Word of God. - This objection , to the word Protestant that it is siinply a negation, would apply', to a considerable part of tho Decalogue, and to the teaching of the Prophets, Apostles, and our Lord Himself. In all these prohibition occupies a large space, aud while the word Protestant does in the first instance declare that, as respects the Church of Rome, we are Protestauts, it' is perfectly well understood that we hold all .that to be true which is revealed- in the. Scriptures. And if it be . said that the origin of . the. term shows that Protestantism is novel and, sclus- matical, we reply - that the reformed religion is ho novelty ; the Fathers of the English, 'Chiirch are the Apostles ; it is the Church of Roine which is modern iu its .many- innovations 'on genuine' Christianity. (Cheers.) On -the Christ ianity preached by our Lord; and His Aposiles, and the Christianity exhibited by the'writera of the first four centuries of. tlie Church (cheers) our contention is this-Mffie 'CKureh of R'omh has abandoned the straight imle of the Word of God but wo have observed it.:-:; If : we 'cannot1 travel in; company, _it is because they, not we, 'have left the "uld paths/' When the Reformation 413P6lled the fogs of 'ignorance and superstition, and let in the -rich light of heaven, men could po longer be induced by a pretended infallibility to give their sanction, to' errors and- practices of a most dangerous and- doadly character. "At the Reformation God raised up men with power and disposition to examine the olaims- of the Church, of llotno, and with intrepidity to .pro claim the results of their inquiry. And when England arose in her might she shook off the yoke of that Church. The Reformation was a denial that the Bishop of Rome had any autho rity in England. . A claim was then resisted which ought never to have been delegated." The. Reformation was thus a restoration— a res toration of the supremacy of the Word of God, of public worship - from Mass in a language not understood by the. people, to an intelligent ser vice, of the great dootrine of justification before God to Christ alone, of liberty, of conscionce and freedom of inquiry. The Reformers- were' no more schismatics, than were the Apostles; when they left tho Jewish Church in its superstition and. unbelief, and formed the Church of Christ. ' Let no man therefore, be led astray by the asser tion that our common Protestantism is a novelty. We' are well satisfied with our position in his tory. '. The Protestantism we profess is the old faith, that which was from the beginning, and for the trath of which we appeal to the Word of God: " Now some over-liberal people will here object that statements of this character are un called for, and that whatever the Church of Rome may have been in days gone by, there is -little danger to be apprehended from that quar ter now; Let such consider that an infallible -church cannot change, its motto is "semper eadem," always the same; and' though, chame leon-like, its hue may vary, its claims to supre macy- 'and universal sway over the conscience, the Liberty, and the life of every baptized per son are the same to-day as of old. What says Mr. Gladstone-(cheers) — of one of two Ihtest utter ances of the Roman See. He says this: "In the Syllabus the Pope has condemned with fear fully energetic epithets those who maintain the liberty of the Press, or ;the liberty of conscience and of worship, or the liberty of speech, or who hold that the Church may. not employ force, or "that in countries called Catholic the free exer-. cise of other religions may be laudably allowed." All these benefits are condemned by the Church 'of Rome. Let no : man be induced by smooth words and fair speeches to believe that any change for the better has come over the Church of Rome.. The snare is set, the pit is dug, and if men cannot be driven blindfold, they may be 'dazzled -by a false glare. . If they cannot be coerced: they may be beguiled. Too wise in their own conceit to seek God prayerfully and humbly in.the Bible, they may becaptivated by a religion set forth in an attractive form, and thus as' it has beeu truly said " A day of great intellectual light may be as favourable to the1 -Church of Rome 'as a day of great intellectual .'darkness." For these reasons our protest must still -be 'continued. The danger to be appre- hended frbm the principles and practices of the .-.Church of Rome is as great as ever, and it is -umpossiDie unas mere can db union ana peace ' 'between us and them. " True brotherhood can, ; never be maintained by compromising princi ples." The Apostle himself, when exhorting us; -tolivepeaceably with all men, guards and limits -that direction by the possibility of doing this. \- ",If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live, peaceably with all men." Yes, as much as lieth -in us, -let us live peaceably with our Roman Catholic' neighbours and fellow-colonists. Let -nothing be said or done calculated needlessly to; -provoke' angry feelings ; hard arguments if yon will," but' kindly words ever. (Cheers.) And yet with every disposition to avoid giving un- Jnecessary offence it must needs be that Roman .Catholics will count us their enemies because we -tell- them the truth. Towards the Church of Rome we must live in an attitude of opposition,' by argument, bycounsel, by exhortation byprayer iLet me- add that no man should go,' or allow tothers with whom he has influence to go, into; .the-way of temptation. Why go to hear dis courses whichareto conduct you into the pale "of the Romish Church? (Cheers.) Let no man "sanction the marriage of his child to a Roman "Catholic. (Great cheering.) Let no man sub- Ascribe to the building of Roman Catholic places " of 'Worship. (Great cheering.) Be kind, be -neighbourly, give, relief in distress— (cheers)— i help in sickness, —(cheers) — biit do nothing for the advancement of a. religious system against which our very name is a perpetual protest, " (Cheers.) Let me remind you that while you protest against . error, you are bound by your \- profession to commend the truth. Is the Word ; of God 'supreme as your rule of faith? — then let its power be seen in regulating your life. You bear the honoured name of Protestant : adorn it -"by ' the still more honourable character of -the Christian. The consistent, kind, and ' loving life will do more than the loudest frotestations to commend your principles, earnestly hope that this hall, amongst other advantages, may be used_ for the diffusion — by "lectures or classes— of scriptural truth, as well as for the transaction of business. I congratu- \- late- the promoters of it upon their present suc- ' Cess. ' I pray that the Divine blessing may rest \- ' upon their labours; and I trust that they will " meet with such large and liberal sympathy from the people, of this colony — that they will be J enabled not only to complete the present in.ten- ; fled structure, noble as it is, but throw back the." walls into the adjoining street, and thus ""'show' to the community of Sydney what the ' i Protestant, strength is. (Cheers.) I know not ' what provision is intended to be made for the \- elevation of the character of the members of the " -"different bodies meeting here, but I trust that ' occasionally such instruction may be given as will tena unaer tne uivine messing, to the tor- mation of a' religious,' intelligent, and prudent -' - - community, distinguished for its attachment to "'. 'the cause order' and good government, a wise and uridefstanding people in this fair Australia, ' of /ours, a loyal' people— loyal to the Bible and "' the Crown, and who, in faith and practice,, will "adopt that significant emblem of the British ' - Constitution — the Crown supported by the 'Word of God. (Tremendous cheering.) The .Rev. Dr. Steel gave out the hymn beginning, 1 ' Standing by a purpose true;" and r this having been sung, the Rev. Dean Cowper . pronounced the benediction. ! /.(i dCheers were given for the Queen, the Prince n<>of Wales, and the Bishop of Sydney, and the , << procession reformed and walked, by Bathurst, rffiGeorge, and Devonshire streets, to the Exhibi- ' tion : Grounds, where, in the afternoon, a pro- Jo gramme - of outdoor sports took place ; and A J, music and speeches inside the building in the jo afternoon and evening, otli .There was a very large gathering of persons -a (numbering about ten thousand in the Park and M.-< grounds in the afternoon, and the weather being .( 'favourable, the sports 'could be thoroughly- enjoyed by the spectators. They included flat, \- ii hurdle,; 'and sack races; tossing the caber, throwing the hammer, putting the shot, touch- '.ring; the lean,1 and hop, step, and. jump. Prizes -b ;wereigiven to the successful competitors. ;rjr.; ;Insfde the building there was a programme of d'c vocal and instrumental music, opening with an \- ( .organ" recital by. Mr. W. G. Broadhurst, who .-. i- acted also as accompanist; The vocalists were JccMessrs. James, John, and H. Golfrey, Edward o/f Callow, -Miss : M. Li ' Harvey, and Miss- Bessie ( Harrison, besides several gentleman amateurs. :< . The (programme included a good selection iof popular songs and duots. Not the least disturbance of any kind occurred during the day, and although a body of police were present, under Inspector-General Fosberry, their services, as preservers of the peace, were not required. They were, however, eminently useful in keeping the road clear. About 1GO0 Orangemen and Protestant Alliance members arrived from various parts of the country to join the procession. A considerable sum of money was laid on tho stone, but many were deprived of the pleasure of giving through the impossibility of getting through the crowd to the stone. We may inform these disappointed ones that any of the Directors, or the Secretary at the Prvtestant Standard office, will be most happy to receive their donations, and to give them Bhares in exchange, as a few shares are still left. Every praise is due to Mr. B. McCoy and' his fellow committee-men for the excellent way in which all the arrangements were carried out. Again, in the evening there was a crowded- attendance in the building, and 6000 persons at least . must have been present. Sir Alfred Stephen, K.C.M.G., C.B., presided, and upon the platform were Mr. Wisdom, , M.L.A. ; Mr. Dibbs, M.L.A. ; and Mr. Goold, M.L.A. ; the Revs W. Wood, J. Done, senr., W. Lumsdaine, G. Middleton,/|B. Backhouse, I? J.Dixon, V S. Wilkinson, J. N. Manning, J. Oram, W. Stephinson, J. Gardiner, R. Sellors, W. Bourne, Dr. Gilchrist, Dr. Barry, G. Sutherland, J. Mackay, W. Beg, J. Ayling, C. H. Maeready, F. W/JWard, J. Barnier,iD- Allen, and J. C. Kirby. , Luther's choral was performed on the'organ by Mr. Packer, and the Bong " God Bless tho Prince of Wales" was sung by. (Miss M; L. Harvey. Mr. R. M'CoyJthen introduced thelchairman, Sir Alfred(Stephen,5(E.C.M.G., andj.C.B., who spoke- as follows : — > ""'ifi? IHIAt the request of a large number of my fellow- citizens, I am here this evening to unite with them in celebrating the commencement of a Protestant Hall.$|The building, therefore, as its name implies, is to be devoted to purposes and objects connected with the various Protestant denominations ; and, as a member of one of these, I did not think myself at liberty, nor was I disposed, to Jdecline the invitation with which I was thus honoured. (Cheers.) But,- if any person supposes that therefore I have any feeling of unkindness — still more of hostility— to any other section or class in the community,' or that I contemplate in this movement ,thei promotion of uncharitableness or ill will towards others of a different faith, he does me signal in justice. (Hear, hear.) Myself a Christian and a Protestant, I do fnot seek to disavow ,. my sympathy with all that may reasonably interest my brother Protestants, whatever their, varied shades of opinion. Recognizing nevertheless the fact that other Religions and Beliefs t exist among us, I would at all times, far rather con sider the points, however few, in which wo agree, than those wherein we widely differ, . . In so saying, I advocate no compromise, and in essentials no indifferentism. (Ilear, hear.)- But the strongest and firmest adherence to our -own tenets, and the warmest desire to propagate and extend them, are not incompatible with perfect respect , and goodwill towards those whom- in matters of Faith we most oppose. It is a suffi cient misfortune to know that so far antagonism is unavoidable. Let us not aggravate ."the evil by dogmatically passing judgment, on our neigh bour, as if in such questions there -were - no standpoint but one — still less by speaking or even thinking harshly of him. I believe these to be the feelings, in the main, of the projectors ancl supporters of this great undertaking-;,— (hear, hear)— the erection of a Hall, , with appropriate adjuncts, and accessories, , in which all the sections of Protestants and then-various Friendly Societies may meet . , together, , for mutual instruction, support, ancl good, fellow ship, andthe discussion,- without ..bitterness,; of topics the most important which, can engage the, attention of mankind. In, this persuasion I heartily wish the undertaking success, and am glacl that I have been enabled to take part :in the proceedings of the day. (Cheers. ) ...i » ' The Rev. George Sutherland doliverecl.a short address, which was: applauded. ; : : , ; ; The Rev. J. C. Kirby -then delivered; the, fol lowing address Protestant " is called" a negative term, and so Protestantism : is; said, to be a negative religion. Vell it is; negative, jit means no Pope, no Curia, no Cardinal,, no wor ship of dead men's, bones, no voluntary ancVde-. grading humility, in - the worshipping of angels, no suggestion of impure thoughts to persons , in confessionals, no priests ha ving.-more authority nirev linmoa n.nrl fn.milifif flinn flio a head, no foreign potentate presuming -to; set- aside the nation's laws, no Index Expurgatorius,- no forbidding the people the use of God's holy; Word. But Protestantism is also an 'affirmative' religion. When the. Pope comes forward with his black militia,. Protestantism says Nay. When Infidelity lifts its hydra-head, Protest antism says Nay. 3ut when the. gr.aee of God appears, which bringeth salvation, and offers! to us the Bible, open and in our mother tongue,, then Protestantism says- Yea,, ten ; thousand, times Yea. Protestants take that dear, grand- soul-stirring book to their very hearts, W e say this is the God-given standard of faith and- practice. By its precepts we will try to live,' and in the faith of the one sacrifice for sin once . offered in the end of the world, by the one priestly Mediator between God and man will we die; Roman religion is the new thing, not Pro testant. Popery is nowhere to be found in the pages of the New Testament. . Protestantism, for. essence, is to be found all through the Gospels, the Acts, the Epistles and the Revela tion. The apostles knew nothing, taught nothing, acknowledged nothing of an infallible Pope in Peter. On the other hand, Paul, at Ephesus, resisted Peter to his faco, for that he was to be blamed, and that in a matter vital to the .interest of the truth of Christ. The Lord. Jesus Christ Himself adopted the Protestant principle. In his temptations and in his re ligious controversies He always appealed to the written Word of God and never to tradition. In like manner did the Apostles. . With Christ and the Apostles on our- side, we could afford to let all the Councils and Fathers go. No man can establish Vatican Popery of the nineteenth century by an appeal to.antiquitj'. The Protest ant is . the man- who stands :.f or the old religion, which was begun to bo revealed before man loft Our adversaries say that Protestantism is power less to convert nations to Christ. We answer that Syria, Assyria, Asia Minor, Egypt, Libya, North Africa, Greece, Illyria, Italy, Gaul of the Ronian period, Helvetia, Iberia, Britain were converted nationally speaking to_ Christ by meu who had never heard of such things as Popery, relics, enforced celibacy of clergy. Rome has had missions in India for three hundred years, but has now only half a million followers out of more than twenty millions. Protestantism whibh only began its mission there really about sixty years ago has a quarter of a million, and is increasing with great rapidity. Protestantism has wrested North Europe from Popery, has established that mighty Protestant Republic of tho United States. Protestantism has carried the Gospel to the Isles of the Pacific, has sub jugated to Christ and made a nation of the Sandwich Islanders, has so Protestantised tho Tahitans that Roman priests supported by the French power cannot induce them to forsake the Bible. The Samoa group is Protestant. Melanesia by the Church of England, and the New Hebrides by the Presbyterians are fast receiving Christ. The Fiji islands have, been " won to the - Kingdom of God by the labours of the Wcsleyau brethren. The Madagascar nation are so committed to Protestantism that within a few years that vast island will be brought to Christ.' Protestantism has a conquering aggress-, sive power, and is propagating itself in Itiily,j France, Spain, and wonderfully in ;Mcxibo'h-j where, though exposed to' murderous persecu-j ting, more than 100 Protestant Churches' have been within these last few years. Protestantism; occupies to-day. a position of tremendous power! and influence. The much to be pitied 'Fi eiich1 by the contrivance of those enemies of all good,! the Jesuits, were led to attack 'Protestant Prussia. What is the result ? Why, .Protestant .principles are supreme in the mighty German Empire. That Germany is essentially Protest ant is shown from the fact that they buy Scrip tures at the rate of four hundred thousand copies a year. Protestant Britain', Protestant Germany, Prnfncf'vnfc Amprin.i. .ire fcliroe oiifc of "tho four supreme powers of earth, and the fourth; -Greek ' Russia, ' owes no love to the' Roman Pontiff. Popery has gone down in the world, but', thevo is deadly life in it yet. The Protestant ff/ioss is the most intelligent, the; best conducted;' tlio most ' read— Romanists - are obliged 'to' Tread it'.J" The Protestant -preachers are i a J great jcompany,' "and .were- never bettor :eqiiippedi.withhgffts)Or! graces. b-The' missionary societies i hay erlearhecl their.work/iaricl'Avill astonish, the world (in utfeiw, vyearsiwitli-greait results.' ThoBibleiSbcietiesiof Europe and'Americahave'circulated ninety, rnilf lions of : the Scriptures- since 1 1800,1:, and1 arelnpw, in'- a'' better position- -'to scatter 'the . I leavfes of the Tree'1 of- -: Life 'thanklthey' aTo come nearer home; i -We have i see'n-to "dajga (bishop of Lhe Episcopal; Churchiistqmdhigf nbbljf to flefend ' the ; faith; ' and' we' kiiowlthat" he;lis well (supported by a body 1 of -able' lan'dldeyq'ted clergy who are free from the .taintot Ritualism.1 we have this glad' ;factvto"coritemplat6>4. the y 6utli of the land rcomihg forward and dedij 1 eating 'themselves . to the': .work- of (the- liiinistry.' : 'Moreover; the Protestant Alliance .is ibecoming. a, power in the land. The Ofangeolhstituti'oh'is! increasing ,in. numbers > 'and iui intelligcric'e,' i a'ud ;to-day'the foundation' stone, hasiheehalaidibfld : noble- "ball " which.. i : will -;be', ('a'pc'eiitfoiLwhere ' we '' can (defend - aiid maintain' i;the r. Protcs tan t religion which' is> no tother 'thansth'e/faithybhee deUyerednto' the! s'amte;:erpplduse).')) xbfuevpp' -|!' : i A .' programme ( 'of sacrecl'i music nwasirgoiie through verylsatisfac torily. (blithe yoCalistsl who took' part iiFthoiafteraoo'nooncert;1 iwith 'Mrs.fDi ! Davis1 and one or two others. I'Mry -W. iGktBrohd- : 'burst; aetedi as'ff'qriducto,r,'>landl;MrioParcker,%-as ;bVga'nistr 'ilt-' Sridapproabbing'iili'.ololofek.whfca: ia'very'siioeessfiil5;e'ritertainmehtiwasCbrp'ugbt.J.tp a. close; with the >' ' National: AntbemG' j » v'dijMri J.' C.'Beare; and .Mr.,iVv:Fari;en;catered for the public'dn the wayof refre'shments.-ci-o '! | I ) f I V'ln tr, (,;- j' ' 