CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S CHURCH. On Sunday the Right Reverend Dr. Goold, Archbishop of Melbourne, attended at the above Church to administer the sacrament of confirmation. There was a large attendance, the church being crowded in all parts. The Rev. J. J. McGillicuddy celebrated high mass. After mass, His Grace proceeded to address the congregation. In the course of his exhortation he said he was about to administer one of these splendid gifts which God had placed at their disposal, and assured them that the sacrament of con- tirtation ,was not the least efficacious for their salvation. It was further more indis- pensable that those who had the opportunity of receiving this sacrament should do so. 'The Apostles, -he said, were in dread of per: secutionprevious to the Holy Ghost descend- ' ing paon them, but- afterthe.descent of.the i HIoly Spirit.they became-enligitened, bold, t and zealous. They wer.e then ready and t \- willing toiconvert the whole world, without lear of th-1i tced and persecution of the t peoplle.: He ?assured them that the spirit uvhich .desdcended upon. the .Apostles: 'wais the same in power.and glory as that whlch' awould descend upon those andidates to day a vwho were properlyprepared for" so great -a lift. He trusted.that the gifts of the Holy -that they might fight the" battles- of life a auccessfully, and :cimcluded' by: exhoiting them to pray for the sealisatlon of all His," gifts in themselves: '. " ILis Grace then proceeded 'to administer 'hoe majority of whom were. between the : ,a?.e of 12 and 16.. Included ampongst.that f unlmber thiemi were 70 .hoys:from. H;M.S. ielson.' At the close of the ceremony, His Grace uaged upoes .all those who had been t doanfirmed the necessity a continued prayer, 'and pr-.misedthemu that the sacrament triey t had justecei.ved i ssiot them in the pronmises they bad made toCo : :11:,;: t Mr.. Jame? :)ulesath. read an:address, ' beautifully illuminated.aad elegattly:bhouid, t wihich read as follows;-- ... To His Grace the Mosat Rev. James Alipius I Goold, D.D, Archbiabop.of Melbourne. May it please your Grace- we, the-under. "signed Catholics of WVillianimstown, Footeray, and Werribee, take thisopportunitiy of your irst ttfficial visit to Willtamstowns since your a return frim Europe, of offering you our. warness and most affectionate congratu. lationit upon your safe arrival .once more t amongst us, and uponyour elevatioln bythe Holy See to the dignity ,f Archbishop of lelbbourne and metrupolitan of -ictoria ' and we feel .cotident tht your adtninis tration in the future of. the CathohicLhurch' in Victoria will be productive, of as good results as it. bas been in the past.;" We are well aware of the great:interest your Grace has ever taken in th'id spiritual' and temporal welfare .of those commnitted to I your charge, and morn especially :of the t Catholie youth of -Victoria. and that?yriu approve of no system of education from which religion is excluded, and we isish to assure you again, as we have done alreadly. en a former occasion, of our disapproval,of i the unjust Education Act now -n" force in 1I Victoria, excludinsg as it does frbis its teac-. jug all religious utsaruction, and we Pledge ourselies- to use all lawful meads in our powerato have the law so modified as to meet" with your sanction, and that of all Catholics. " We have great pleasure inniforuidg your Grace that during your absence from Vic t.ria, and in spite .of free and escular educa: t.ion offered by the state? we have mami tuined in thorough efficiency in this Mission 1good Catholic schools. And this has been I oiccomplished-maiuly by the untiring zeal and energy of the Rev. %'atherA.cGillicuddy,! our worthy +aitd bealoved u pastor whom it has without toetifyiqg 6to thi progressthat Catholicity has made in this disrict under. Jaisadministrationi asi evidenced by ihe ea lion of -the Williamstown and Footseray. churches, or without informing you of' thir love and affection he has sedured from every one of us for the holy church and for himself' its devoted pastor. In conclusion, we, the Gatholics' of Wil liamstown, Footacray, and .Werribee, assure you of our deep-sympathy- with the Holy father, the glorious successor of S. Peter, in his ,resent +afflictiun,, of our-devotion -to te See of:Roide, and to your' Grace, the head of the Holy C.Catholic' Church: in Victoria : James D Jalme ; s' esRice James Con, moy; John -Cirker, John liingston; J. Henderson; James Hnlpinm John Regan ; John Curry; Michael McNamara ; J. J. foldie; David Newell: C. J. Harrison; dMartin Brophy; 'Joseph Kennedy;? Jolmu Ityan; P. J. Nfolau; ieter cDonad ; P. JKelly; Thomas Sayers;.J, JD. Maha ?ey. His Grace, the Arehb.ifhop, ina thanking them for theirzexpressiti ft' good will alid mbedience, said it was a source of pleasure to him to:see men asuch'as those who had subscribed their names to hle adilre?i?.poe scnted to him,, stai;ding up, in ,efelnce of their children's education. Tlaheoty oi.ly saw that their clhildren were educated iu a sound mmuer se'ularly,7 but also insisted Upon "iggio~.,..+ng incuileCt?d. Hie could pot =for'amoiiaent imagine how people could say in this 19th century that religison was not necessary in the educaticn. of the young. People, talked a great deal about the three 's, hliut in' his opiuion three R's were not aicie its :thsre'should bi religioni added. Ho trusted, howeyer,-thika the time was not.far-distant when-that blot to the country-the present Eiducation Act-would be removed. They might try to build;np: society withpot:the aid'of religious teaching, but he felt convinced they would never ansucceed. In ,reference to- the Holy Father, u His Grasa clY.keda that tho e?.pression of boliness, was but what he expected, but they must not lose heart because their chief pastor was labouring under difficulties. He then said he would ask their prayers for the £oyereign Pontiff andl aell their clergy, .and again expressedl his gratitude for the very warm expression of afection they had given lim, concluding by giviug his blessing to those assembled. A St. Louis girl wrote to her lover:- Pleascum round andtaik me to the soillin -pach this evrding. How do you spill widdin day." . Ihisiaaatoryldd and sew ;-A? man had sold hiuself to the dlevil, who was to possess him il ac.ertain'time unless he could pro pound a question to his Satanic Majesty which he could notansawer, he being allowed to put three queries to hLm. The time came for the deil to claim his own, and he con seqnently appeared. The first question the man asked was concerning thelogy, to S whichit caused the devil no trouble to reply. 'The second he answered without hesitation. The man'sfatedepended onthe thirl. What should it be ? - e hesitated and turned pale, andi the cold dew stood on his forehead, while he shivered with anxiety and nervous mness, and the devil triumplhantly sneered. At thisjuncture the man's wife appeared in the room with her bonnet on herheal, Alarmed at her husband'seonditiou, she demanded to know the cause. When informed, she laughedand saicd-"I caspropound a quei tion wuhich the devil himself cannot'aeswcr. Ask him 'which is the front of this honuctY' The devil gavitupin disqgat, itnd the man Wzasfree, 