saw ¿?2ttir__ assertions Strait.. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1875. Is he I optative Council, yesterday Mr DOCKER laid on the table Amended Regulations under the Schools Act of 1866 In reply to Sir "Aictkcs it was stated by Mr Dock it that the lighthouses and pilot stations, where such appliances could be used, were supplied with apparatus for saying life from (shipwreck The House resumed the diffusion on Sir Alfred "Stephen's motion that the Bankers'' Cheques Amend n cut Bill be now read a second time Mr DVLL-A pointed out by references that the whole of the provisions of the bill were contained in Li their lairs, and explained how such legislation became Necessary in beat Britain AMiut in tins col he had been considered to be the law with re Laid to crossed cheques and endorsements on them for' which if it A ere the law would, as li ill bred i Aged, render this measure unnecessarv-hedbj the tour of Cr him on Pleas been declared not to be the by , and in order to carry out the provisions inte idea t J LC enacted, further legislation was required of the policy of the measure bef in the Heine he said it i H recommended by the c*cpcii<*iicc of able men I truely concerned in monetary and commercial II urs LL lowER san' if cheques were paid by banks I uni tide, and with reasonable precaution against it ax d, the banks were entitled to protection alth reach lie the ghost was not an ass expedient slavishly, to follow the legation of England he yever good in itself be in reference to English affairs The bill was mad a second time, and the House went into committee to consider its details Online 1, defining the terms cheque had banker, was agreed to Clause 3, relating to the closing of chequer, which was to be deemed a material part of such instruments, was amended form in b the question of the war I "respectively' in reference tothctibbrev],'tiü of the words "bunk" m d ii (1 company ' Claus' i (as to paying proper f c tly used cheques, or cheque with crossings no plainly obliterated) and clause 4 (enabling the I went holder of a cheque to cross), were passed A ah no bubotfiiitr ii after item Clause 5, rate to the obliteration of crossings on cheques and drafts was amended by including in the end prove that the addition of anything to the crossing with in tent to defraud Clause 6 (as to proof of endor e agent in certain cases) gave rise to lengthened discussion, and, before it was finally dealt with progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again The House, pro forma, went into committee on the Cruelty to Animals Bill, and obtained leave to sit later the Petersham Church Land Bill was received from the Assembly, and read a first time The House, at art minutes after 7 o'clock, adjourned to "St Wednesday next IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers stated, in answer to questions, that the "A asco da Gama and the Cyphrenes did not leave Sydney interim of the contract, that the amount due by Mr H H nail for the use of the Fitzroy Dock was £1029 17s 3d that £3279 9s 4d had been paid to the late company of which Mr Hall was manager in excess of what they were entitled to, that the penalties under the bond amour ted to i 60,00, that the Government had not considered the question of regulating the erection of dividing fences of pastoral tenants, that the "Western coal companies were not indebted to the Railway Department that obscene telegrams had been sent to persons in Yass, and that the matter was under investigation by the department. Mr J S SMITH moved the adjournment of the House, to call attention to the unsatisfactory replies given by the Postmaster General to his questions respecting the Pacific mail services The facts disclosed that the country had been dwindled out of £5,279 os Id under the late contract, and we had no reason to expect that the new service under the management of Mr li IT Hall would be in an) respect satisfactory to the colony. The hon. members preceded to reflect upon the character of the general manager of the Pacific Company), Mr H H Hill, and was called to order by the Speaker Mr M Li HONII expressed his intense disgust at the si each of the hon. member for Wellington Mr 1 unit regretted he was at present unable to iPordaafull information in reference to the Pacific mail service as he could desire, which was owing to the incomplete state in which the business stood and the next to the Government were under of consult with the Government of New Zealand Mr Hall was the authorised agent of the company and it was not for him to question the propriety. of that gentleman's appointment He had refused, with the concurrence i Ins colic goes to sanction any departure from the conditions, of the contract and he had caused not ce to be served on Mr. Hall that the camp my would be held liable for any penalties which it might incur through the departure of the Vasco da Gama via Auckland, or the employment of the Cyphrenes in the direct service between Sydney and San 1 Francisco He also J plained the extent of the indebtedness of Mr Hill to the Government under the previous contracts and stated that Mr Forbes had offered a large sum to be idle not d from his obligations as a surety for Mr Hall and that the offer had been referred to the Government of New Zealand for its decision as to whether it might be accepted Alter some remarks from Mr Cirviajts Mr I once and Mr J S Svtmr, the motion was bega tived I saw e was given to Mr ROBERTSON to bring in a bill to remove doubts, as to the validity of agreements made elsewhere for personal service in New South M Dies the Petersham Land Purchase Bill was passed to her shall its remaining stages A return was called for of papers relating to the it i r it ion for a rally at station or platform upon the (great AA esk on Kmlvvnv The House went into committee upon the Coal Mines Rc9ulatie«i Bill In the interpretation clause Mr IUIMH moved the emission of the definition of 1 Vanner contended,, that the office of 1 examiner of I coal fields MS not required now that we had a Geological GUINEA Department with an able and highly just hired offer the services of the officer ought had as much as on a his] motor Discussion took place in reference to the private II action of the 1 trimmer c t Coal fields and Mr let AS explained that he had prohibited the I > inn or from taking private practice but he II and the public to obtain the services of the 1 i at her on payment of his-, tiny china expensive 1 i i m H h condemned the practice of hiring into private persons. the services of Government 1 cci' Mr G inritTT also condemned the practice but i the one to the other had been allowed to accept i i very simple v meat from Governments of the t ci cheques it was imp Hint in the v of public el t- that we should have an officer capable of t j nil ne, open coal bcmiSic; lands After sale of river this session in regard to the I Hi n and the action of the J examiner in what is Mr A increases, i r SIMIISS Mr (n vi us and Mr J M Main. tick ] at the initial win negatived on I vi i i by 21 votes the and the clause was mark ed to the third seat n empowering the Governor in me as to preclude e ill hills and appoint officers i In Kurth dham the duties of examiners and the till reducing it incumbent on OAAM»*« or time, incite to furnish authorised officers of the Govern sit in circle j 1 un of the orkui(,s were agreed to A long debate followed upon the sixth section of living for the production of quarterly returns of 0 in linked and pi isms employed Mr Lie i sail by the returns were necessary as a check upon certain n i el h cited the line at Act as a pro re c t The chair was oil used by Mr 1 iron ATiuch Mr Sir AKT Mr G t*i, Air PIUIIXCTIV Mr lum n MT Claim on the pound that no amount! em n for st using pure uses with all Unit ought c asked The A urged that it was no part of the . excrement to check private speculation, and to -, seen quarterly return s was a vexatious inquiry out and dancers are interference r. Ali the nDhts 1 i e industry Mr Dunn object d to us j return i ch c em n did while Mr CAMERON Mr W V AT cox, and Mr MvciMOiii supp ned the clause t, ii was submitted "jr It CAN o^TCcd to the amendment of the case v the substitute m of an ambush for a quarterly alien Section 7 requiring that notice shall be given of it coal in chair lent and open up, of mines and 8 me in the hour, of c provide t of minors between he is, -> r I I I did it and prohibiting the employment of 6 in the AI CK agreed to n c discuss in to k place upon the ninth rection H i at the »mploAintiit of minors He section 5 class team of not less than twelve hours have at each period of employment,, Air STI ART as d to sail titute for hours to meet special uses in which quick dispatch of vessels might be ties are As Pte is Mr G iiriTT Mr Collins Mr R loi in Mr W A nov, Mr GAVKUON, Mrs. I INS or as d it on the ground that it would be a cruel u Action to make children WOrk for twenty, one out of twenty-four and be detrimental to their physical and intellectual development the amends cut was with bawn He last is true but the clause was amended but he has tion of Mr It For sTim so as to exclude Sun as from the wife mg week and A line that amend men to the clause was p issued the tenth clause was, postponed licences was reported, and leave wins five ,. to sit again on Wednesday. next UP House adjourned at three minutes before 11 e of I It was stated that the Estimates would SLOW. an increase "With, HO raises a. surplus at tin C Government has in hand, it AVIS unavoid told that it should be beware d with, applica teams from all quarters The ordinary open believe exceeds or £257,000 that of last year has in ail increase out of proportion to our increase of population, and out of proportion to in increase of revenue from taxation Of ot race there is plenty of money to pay for this mirraee- pleutv, in fail, to pay for a least deal more As long as this land cAcimo continues as productive as it i us can afford this rate of expenditure, but should he carefully home in mind by hon t m IJCTB that the clay AVIII tonic When this npucidenkd land revenue AVIII begin to cease, and then it will be found abso- ute ly in possible to bring the expenditure IOA n as suddenly as it had risen, and there will be no alternative but fresh taxation, ntl TV on to the Ministry that has the 11 luck to have to face the Circuit scale indeed, of the extras DOAV pro ended are not necessarily permanent i he are for special things which AVIII [ not require repeating PAOIJ J car, only it is to be noticed that every fresh *) ear produces its I feel crop of el ccial things A large portion of flic expenditure, HOVA CAR OF, IS of a parma r cent character, and it is here that there will he a difficulty in reducing when the time of pressure may come There is a very con bids able increase in some of the high salaries, and this will require some good reasons to justify it A; O obieiTO AAeth satisfaction that the sum of £50,000 is put down for immigration It is little enough certainlY, though it is better than nothing 33 it it has taken so long to convert Mr llonsnTsON to an immigration policy that we suppose this is all he can do as a first effort 'I no money is to be taken out of current revenue, and not out of the Loan Fund. If we remember rightly, it is a long time since we have paid for immigration out of current revenue, and at the present time we have a large number of debentures outstanding for immigration purposes, every one of which ought to be cancelled at maturity out of revenue No immigration loan should be allowed to be permanent, especially AAIIIIO Ave have a land revenue quite capable of meeting all present charges of the land, and also of clearing off all accumulation of old scores on the same account The education vote has also been raised to in £180,000 to £260,000. This «vUiitioiitil £70,000 will increase, by more than one-third the ability of the Council to deal with the demand for near schools and as this dony 'Hid is now immensely increasing in consequence of the resolution of the Assembly that local, residents should not be required t > furnish one-third of the building cost, the Council will not feel itself fostered by want of funds. Its operations for the present year will consist very largely in building now schools ; it will have more to do in this way than it has over yet had, and it must give whatever expansion is necessary to its building department in order to utilise fully and wisely the vote of Parliament. The Loan Estimate amounts to £3,300,000, of which very nearly £3,000,000 is for railway extension. Taking this vote as a whole, we are obliged to regard it more as an indication of policy than with the expectation of realizing it all within a year or two. "We have not at present in the colony the labour necessary to expend the money that is asked for and the Government seems to have distributed the work more with a view to try and catch votes, and to satisfy different claimants, than with any comprehensive regard to a real national policy. The first on the list is a line to Wollongong of forty-nine miles ; but nothing whatever is wind about a line from Sydney to Newcastle. If it is worth while to spend £740,000 to make a line from Sydney to a coal-field Avhore at pi puent there are only two mines at work, both of which have their shipping appliances on the coast, and neither of which would probably much use the railway, it must be MR ci y worth while to make a railway to another coal- field where the annual output is nearly a million tons, in the former case the trade has to be created, in the latter it already exists. The extension of the line into Sydney is to cost £170,000. The people in the West are to be satisfied by the exten- tion from Orange to Wellington, and thence i to Dubbo, making 80 miles altogether. On the south there is to be a line branching off from near Junee to strike the Murrumbidgee at Narandera. In the north there is to be an i extension from Tamworth to Um district of Armidale At present it has not been explained whether the surveys favour a line through Bundarra to inVerell, or a northern extension along the line of the main road. From this. northern line there is also to be a branch to Gunnedah. But surely no man will say that life line to Gunnedah is at all equal in importance to the extension of our railway com unniicaUon to await the Darling. The former is a purely local work, and not of first-class, importance ; the latter is a great national undertaking, the effect of which would be first to draw to Sydney a large portion of the traffic of riverina, day which, is geographically nearer to Sydney than it is to Melbourne, but which yet, in consequence of the river una igation, trades at present more easily with Melbourne than with Sydney. By making a railway we should establish a line of communication which is better than the? river, and we should bring our own people AS within the reach of their own metropolis. Nothing is said about connecting our lines With the Victorian lines either at Echuca or Albury. Yet there can be no comparison between the importance of such a connection and that of an extension to Gunnedah. The two greatest cities of Australia are not to be kept apart simply out of a small local jealousy. Railways between great towns are those that pay best. The cost of the different railways, as put down, in, AVO pressure, little more than a rough estimate ; but, as will be seen, there is very considerable variation in them, The line to Wollongong is expected to cost about £15, 102 per mile, the high price- being, AVO suppose, due very largely to the cost of crossing George's River. The extension into Sydney, which will be a little over two miles, will cost about £80,000 a mile. from Orange to Wellington will be only £0250 a mile, from Wellington to Dubbo will be £8000 per mile, but thou this includes a bridge over the Macquarie River.- From Junee to Narandera will be £5000 a mile. From Tamworth towards Armidale will be £8000 a mile. The cheapest of all is from "Were's Creek to Gunnedah, which is calculated at £5ei00 a mile. There is a vote for additional rolling stock of J 50,000, which will of course begin to raise the question of local manufacture and there is a sum of £10,000 required for strengthening the bridge and improving the gradients on the. "Windsor and Richmond line. This, we suppose, is one of the first instalments towards the reconstruction of that line, and is a part of the sum we shall have to pay for having overdone the attempt at cheap railways. in ii a AS anning to us not to go too far in trying to cut down the first cost of railways. A cool-. in a to our accounts from Melbourne, all parties appear to be agreed that the only remedy for their present financial difficulties is now taxation. At all times such a remedy | is unpopular, and in this case it is made so severe that nothing but absolute necessity can render it tolerable. A land tax of from five to FeA*en-and-n-half per cent., an income tax of two-and-a-half per cent, to begin with, and to be increased as occasion may require ; a tax of two percent, on bank notes ; certain alterations in the rate of succession duties ; these are the new burdens by Archie the deficit is to be met, and the expenses of Government aid queenly provided for. Remissions are to be made in the Customs duties to the extent of £100,000, but no protective duties are to be repealed. "We have previously presented a compara- tive view of the revenue of these colonies and of Great Britain, giving in each case the | sources whence it was derived, and its proper I tion per head of the population. in the United Kingdom, out of tx revenue of severity seven millions, nearly sixty-six millions was derived from taxation, and of this sum about twenty millions came from Customs and twenty-seven millions from EXCEED. In those colonies the contrast is marked, for Victoria derives less than half her revenue from taxes thousand New South Wales about one-third of hers. It is also remarkable that while in England they raise more from Excise than from Customs, we had last year less than forty five thousand pounds from Excise and nearly a million from Customs, and Victoria was in a corresponding position. Out of a total taxation of £1,217,401 for 1874 we went to the Customs for £040,146 and out of a taxation of £1,800,842 Victoria derived £1,074,045 from Customs S in some degree Sir JAMES M'Cuiiocn's proposals, if adopted, AA ill widen the basis of taxation in Victoria for he expects his property and income tax together to yield him a quarter of a million, But they will also have certain other of esta which Victorian statesmen will probably discuss in full and at present they have this defect, that they leave untouched the great bugbear of public is Co in that colony. Whether Mr. FORSTER's representative at the Treasury is about to redeem Mr. FOBSTKR'S promises of further local roConus in this colony, made in Parliament last year, will soon be seen. The, following comp.-11'iboii of the Customs revenues of tins two colonies will perhaps enable our readers to form some opinion of the financial statements of both Treasurers in this part of their Budgets. We may explain that in both colonies now the duty on spirits is 10s. per gallon on Ayine, 5s. for sparkling and 4s. for. other kinds on beer. Gel. in wood and had. in bottle, in this colony, and 6d. for both in Victoria on tobacco, 2s. for manufactured, Is. for unmanufactured, and 5s. for cigars per lb. on tea, 3d. per lb. on sugar and molasses, Os. 8d., 5s., and 3s. 4d. per CAyt. in this colony, and 3s. for all kinds in Victoria. The population taken in the mean for the year-the fairest criterion for our present purpose. I CUSTOMS REVENUE ron 187t. N". S. Wales,.! Victoria. X. 55. Wolca I should. Spirits, orine, and beer ... Tobacco and cigars . Ten . Suffer and nioliiswefl ... Other pptnllc duties, . ... 10 and 20 per cent, and yellow in . Murray River Total , total imports of all lands £11,231,730 Total amount. £4M,ÎSI) 91,(1 £1,874 2378 L 7,53 £572,141 134.1 ¡U,9B 103,183 310,071 441,817 incl M ubttTO £lfl053,!)¡>5 Iluto per head. 10 17 0 3 ! 0 2 3 0 1 li £19 4 3 0 3 0 8.0 11 1 Sinclair above £21 4 6 roiccntaKi! of L'Heroine Revenue to total Imports Noir Santa Mr miles, 8.38 Victoria, 9.87. Difference in favour of Man South Wales, 18 per unit. The first and most striking fact requiring to be noticed, as shown by this table, is the difference in the amount derived from Customs in the save colonies. Victoria taxes her total imports, including tin of produce of Riverina, nearly all of which, is admitted free, to the extent of A cry nearly ten per cent, for the joint purposes of revenue and protection. Now Zenith "Wales taxes her total imports includ- ing her seaward traffic with Queensland, most of which is also admitted free to the extent of less than 8, per cent, In other words, the people who live south of the Murray pay for their import trade with the other colonies and yolk the world a premium of 16 per cent on the rate paid by the people who live north of the Murray. And if AVO were to accept Fotle *iiU"ot'j or CAn a Customs Union on the terms which Mr, RIGHT said that Victoria would not dictate to the other colonies, are in New Son I h Wales shall have to pay additional 'duties for the whole value of our imports to the extent of 18 per cent, on these that we are now paying. Certainly Mr. ROBERTSON was quite right when he said in Melbourne; a few weeks ago, that if Sydney merchants could not secure the trade of Australia with such a bonnie in their favour and such a large margin left for profits, they would well deserve to be beaten. "Another point of interest is the proportion of our Customs revenue derived from alcoholic drinks. In this colony more than half, and in Victoria nearly a third, of the revenue comes from this source, without including that portion of the Murray River Customs in our care, which also belongs to this head. In the present condition of society this item is taken as the gauge of a nation's material prosperity. Spirituous drink cannot be regarded as necessaries of life. They come under the head of luxuries which people can very well do without if necessary. As luxuries, and also because they contain certain other charges upon society for the effects of insobriety, they are very properly taxed more heavily than most other articles of commerce. It follows that a large consumption of these beverages may be taken as an indication of general prosperity ; ¡««Furnell as people who are in want of ncccsFaiics do not, as a rule, buy a large amount of dear luxuries. Measured by this standard, the people of this colony are in easier circumstances than those in Victoria, and the only regret, is that they do not choose to make a better use of their prosperity. probably if the Murray River Customs' ii'i'CipU were properly distributed over the different articles on account of which they MIGHT received, none' of the inequalities in the apparent rate of consumption, where the lily is the same in both colonies, would disappear. The case of sugar and molasses plew nts an exception, for here the duty is twice as large as in Victoria, and the com -scription per head of our population appears to be lees by one-third than in the neighbouring colony, and is really less by more than one-half, because of the difference of duty. With a uniform charge of 3s. per cwt. in all kinds of sugar and molasses, Victoria, acquired a revenue 50 percent, greater than utiJB'from an article on which AVO levy from 2s. 8d. to 5s?. 4d. per cwt. Surely this must be one of the articles in respect to which Mr. FORSTER intended to propose reforms. "We are to a certain extent a sugar growing country-, and Victoria is not. To place on the produce of this industry a duty double that of Victoria is to attempt the war etched experiment of protection-all the more reprehensible, because this appears to be the only article dealt with in so exceptional a manner. In every family sugar has become a necessary of life, and, if Victoria can afford to charge no more than 8s. per cwt. for all kinds, there ought to be some very satisfactory reason adduced by those who desire to continue in this colony a charge of 6s. 8d. per cwt. on refined sugar, which is the article in domestic use. It is exceedingly gratifying to notice that while in regard to other articles on which specific duties are levied we derived one-third less than Victoria, we have no ad valorem . charges whatever against her 10 and 20 per cent duties, which yield her nearly half a million. In her case there specific and ad valorem charges are chiefly for the sake of protection, and if is remarkable that notwithstanding the encouragement thus supposed to be given to local manufactures, the imports for the year Avaro so large as to yield half the Customs revenue on these articles alone. In a subsequent article we propose to show that local manufactures flourish in New South Wales without protection better than in Victoria with it. But the fact mentioned above proves by itself that if the oBta blishment of local industries by these heavy duties were as great a success as it has proved a failure, even then success I would have been purchased at a loan extravagant- price. It has long been the inspiration of the boat statesmen in all the Australian colonies to have a Customs Union as one of the most important steps in the direction of federation. The table which we have given, BIIOAVB the amount of sacrifice which Victoria will have to make before such 4 Customs Union can take place. She will have to reduce her specific duties on many' articles, and got rid of her oppressive 10 and 20 per cent, ad valorem charges. ' Present appearances indicate that she will not repent in a hurry ; but that she will eventually report we hold to be as certain as it is that her people are flocking across the Murray to reap the advantages of the liberal tariff and cheap grass of Riverina. Hitherto the has been the chief of sinners" against the true HAVE of economic science and national wealth ; a-d BY way r*1'0 T° from regarding her with jealousy and suspicion that we assure her there will be rejoicing among all the Australian colonies when she repents of her -transgressions and comes back to a sound and seasonable fiscal policy. 