His Natural Life. CHAPTER XV. THE CORACLE. BY MARCUS CLARKE. IN the morning, however, Rufus Dawes was first at work, and made no allusion to the scene of the previous evening. He had already skinned one of the goats, and motioned to Frere to set to work upon another. " Cut down the rump to the hock, and down the brisket to the knee," he said. " I want the hides as square as possible." By dint of bard work they got the four goats skinned, and tbe entrails cleaned ready for twisting, by breakfast time ; and having broiled some of the flesh, made a hearty meal. Mr*. Vickers being still no better, Dawes went to see her, and seemed to have made friends again with Sylvia, for be came out of the hut with tbe child's band in his. Frere, who was cutting the meat in long strips to dry in the sun, saw this, and it added fresh fuel to the unreasonable fire of envy and jealousy that he had kindled for himself. However, he said nothing, for his enemy had not yet shown him how the boat was to be made. Before mid-day, however, he was a partner in the secret, which, after all, was a very simple one. Rufus Dawes took first two of the straightest and most taper of the celery-top pines which Frere had cut on the previous day, and lashed them tightly together, with the butts outwards. He thus produced a spliced stick about twelve feet long. About two feet from either end, be notched the young tree until he could bend the extremities upwards, and having so bent them, he secured the bent portions in their places by means of lashings of raw hide. The spliced tress now presented a rude outline of the section of a boat, having the stem, keel and stern all in one piece. This having been placed lengthwise between the stakes, four more poles, notched in two places, were lashed from stake to stake, thus running crosswise to tbe keel, and forming the knees. Four more saplings were now bent from end to end of the upturned portions of the keel that represented stem and stern. Two of these four were placed above, as gunwales ; two below, as bottom rails. At each intersection the sticks were lashed firmly with fishing-line. The whole framework being complete, the stakes were drawn out, and there lay upon the ground the skeleton of a boat eight feet long by three broad. Frere, whose hands were blistered and sore, would fain have rested ; but the convict would not hear of it. "Let us finish," he said, re gardless of his own fatigue, " the skins will be dry if we stop." " I can work no more," says Frere sulkily ; MI can't stand. You've got muscles of iron, I suppose. I haven't" . " They made me work when I couldn't stand, Maurice Frere. It is wonderful what spirit the cat gives a man. There's nothing like work to get rid of aching muscles—so they used to toll me." "Well, what's to be done V " Cover the boat There, you can set the fat to melt, and sew those hides together. Two and two, do you see ? and then sew the pair at the necks. There is plenty of catgut yonder." " Don't talk to me as if I was a dog !" says Frere suddenly. "Be civil, can't you f" . But tbe other, busily trimming and cutting st the projecting pieces of sapling, made no reply. It is possible that he thought the fatigued lieutenant beneath his notice. About an hour before sundown the hides were ready, and Rufus Dawes, having in the meantime inlerlaoed the ribs of the skeleton with wattles, stretched the skins over it, with the hairy side inwards. Along the edges of this covering he bored holes at intervals, and passing through these holes thongs of twisted skin, he drew the whole to the top rail of the boat. One last precaution remained. Dipping the pannikin into the melted tallow, he plentifully annointed the seams of the sewn skins. The boat, thus turned topsy-turvy, looked like a huge walnut shell covered with red and reeking hide, or the skull of some Titian who had been scalped. " There!" cried Rufus Dawes, triumphant "Twelve hours in the sun to tighten the nides, and she'll swim like a duck." The next day was spent in minor preparations. The jerked goat-meat was packed securely into as small a compass as possible. The rum barrel was filled with water, and water-bags were im provised out of portions of the intestines of the goats. Ruf ue Dawes, having filled these last with water, ran a wooden skewer through their mouths, and twisted it tight tourniquet fashion. He also stripped cylindrical pieces of bark, and having sewn each cylinder at the side, fitted to H a bottom of the same material, and caulked the seams with gum and pine-tree resin. Thus four tolerable buckets were obtained. One goat skin yet remained, and out of that it was determined to make a sail. " The currents are strong," < »entsV Rufus Dawes, " and we shall not be able to lww far with such oars as we have got If ere get a breeze it may save our lives." It was impossible to " step " a mast in the frail basket structure, but this difficulty was over come by a simple contrivance. From thwart to thwart two -poles were bound, and the mast, lashed between these poles with thongs of raw hide, was secured by shrouds of twisted fishing line running fore and aft Sheets of bark were placed at the bottom of the craft, and made a safe flooring. It was late in the afternoon of the fourth day when these preparations were « lite copyright of " Hta KMwml Ufa" hMbm p«r dMMd bTjM propmt^* of T%« QutnUcmder fran Mr. completed, and it was decided that on the morrow they should adventure the journey. "We will coast down to the Bar," said Rufus Dawes, and wait for the slack of the tide. I can do no more now." Sylvia, who had Mated herself on a rook at a little distance, called to them. Her strength was restored by the fresh meat, and her childish spirits had risen with the hope of safety. The mercurial little creature had wreathed seaweed about her head, and holding in her hand a long twig decorated with a tuft of leaves to represent a wand, Bhe personified one of the heroines, of her books. "I am the Queen of the Island," she said merrily, " and you are my obedient subjects. Pray, Sir Eglamour, is the boat ready ?" " It is, your Majesty," said poor Dawes. " Then we will ace it. Come, walk in front of me. I won't ask you to rub your nose upon the ground, like Man Friday, because that would be uncomfortable. Mr. Frere, ynu don't play V " Ob, yes !" says Frere, unable to withstand the charming pout that accompanied the words. " I'll play. What am Itodo ?" " You must walk on thit side, and be respect ful. Of course it is only Pretend, you know," she added, with a quick consciousness of Frere's conceit. "Now, then, the Queen goes to the Seashore surrounded by her Nymphs I There is no occasion to laugh, Mr. Frere. Of course, Nymphs are very different to you, but then we can't help that. Marching in this pathetically ridiculous fashion across the Band, they halted at the coracle. "So that is the boat!" says the Queen, fairly surprised out of her assumption of dignity. "You are a Wonderful Man, Mr. Dawes!" Rufus Dawes smiled sadly. "It is very simple." "Do you call this simple ?" says Frere, who in the general joy had shaken off a portion of his sultriness. "By George, I dou't t This is ship-building with a vengeance, this i*. There's no scheming about this—it's all sheer hard work." " Yes 1" echoed Sylvia, " sheer hard work— sheer hard work by good Mr. Dawes !" And she began to sing a Bort of childish chant of triumph, drawing lines and letters in the sand the while, with the septre of the Queen. Good Mr. DawM I Good Mr. Dawes! This ia the work of good Mr. Dawes I Maurice could not resist a sneer. See-utW, Margery Daw, Sold her bed, and lay upon straw I he said. " Good Mr. Dawea !" repeated Sylvia, " Good Mr. Dawes ! Why shouldn't I say it ? You are disagreeable, sir. I won't play with you any more," and she went off along the sand. " Poor little child," said Rufus Dawes. " You speak too harshly to her." Frere—now that the boat was made—had regained much cf his self-confidence. Civilisa tion seemed now brought sufficiently close to him to warrant his assuming the position of authority to which his social position entitled him. " One would think that a boat had never been built before, to hear her talk," he said. " If this washing-basket had been one of my old uncle's three-deckers, she couldn't have said much more. By the Lord," he added, with a coarse laugh, "I ought to have a natural talent for ship-building ; for if the old villain hadn't died when he cud, I should-have been a ship builder myself." Rufus Dawes turned his back at the word "died," and seemed to be occupied with the fastenings of the hides. Could the other have seen his face, he would have been struck by its sudden pallor. "Ah !" continued Frere, half to himself, and half to his companion, "that's a sum of money to lose, isn't it V " What do you mean f asked the convict, without turning bis face. "Mean! Why, my good fellow, I should have been left a quarter of a million of money, but the old hunks who was going to give it to me died before he could alter his will, and every ■hilling went to a scapegrace son, who hadn't been near the old man for years. That's the way of the world, isn't it T Rufus Dawes, still keeping his face away, caught his breath as if in astonishment, and then, aa if recovering himself, be said, in a> harsh voioe, " A fortunate fellow—that son !" " Fortunate I" cries Frere, with another oath. " Yes, he was fortunate ! He was burnt, to death in the Hydaspes, and never heard a word about his luck. His mother has got the money, though. I never saw a shilling of it" And then seemingly displeased with himself for having allowed his tongue to get the better of bis dignity, he walked away to the fire, musing, doubtless, upon the difference between Maurice Frere with a quarter of a million disporting him self in the beet society that could be procured, with command of dog-carts, prim fighters, and game cocks galore; and Maurice Frere, a penniless lieutenant, marooned on the barren coast of Macquarie Harbor, and acting aa boatbuilder to a runaway convict Rufus Dawes was also lost in reverie. He leant upon the gunwale of the much vaunted boat, and his eyes were fixed upon the sea, weltering golden in the sunset, but it was evident that he saw nothing of the scene before him. Struck dumb by the sudden intelligence of his fortune, his imagination escaped from his control and fled away to those scenes which he had striven so vainly to forget for ever. He was looking far away—across the glittering harbor and the wide sea beyond it—looking at the old house at Hampatead with its well-re membered and gloomy garden. He pictured himself escaped from this present peril, and freed from the sordid thraldom which so long held him. He saw himself returning with nome plausible story of his wanderings, to take posses sion of the wealth which was his —saw himself living once more rich, free, and respected, in the world from which he had been so long an exile. He aaw his mother's sweet pale face, the light of a happy home circle. He saw himself received with tears of joy and marvelling affection—en tering into this home circle, as one risen from the dead. A new life opened radiant before him, and he felt himself lost, as it were, in the con templation of his own happiness. So absorbed wu he in these reflections, that he did not hear the light footstep of the child across the sand. Mrs. Vickers, having been told of the success which had crowned the convict's efforts, had overcome her weakness so far as to hobble down the beach to the boat, and now, heralded by Sylvia, approached, leaning on the arm of Maurice Frere. " Mamma has come to see the boat, Mr. Dawes !" cries Sylvia, but Dawes did not hear. The child reiterated her words, but still the silent figure did not reply. " Mr. Dawes I" she cried again, and pulled him by the coat-sleeve. The touch aroused him, and looking down, he aaw the pretty, thin face upturned to his. Scarcely conscious of what he did, and still following out the imagining which made him free, wealthy, and respected, he caught the little creature in his arms—as he might have caught his own daughter—and kissed her. Sylvia aaid nothing; but Mr. Frere—arrived, by kit chain of reasoning, at quite another conclusion as to the state of affaire—was astonished at the pre sumption of the man. The lieutenant regarded himself as already re-instated in his old position, and with Mrs. Vickers on his arm, reproved the apparent insolence of the convict as freely as he would have done had they both been at his own little kingdom of Maria Island. "You insolent beggar ! he cried "Do you dare ! Keep your place, sir!" The sentence recalled Rufus Dawes to reality. His place was that of a convict. What business had he with tenderness for the daughter of his master! Yet, after all the had done, and pro posed to do, this harsh judgment upon him seemed cruel. He saw the two looking at the boat he had built. He marked the flush of hope on the cheek of the poor lady, and the full blown authority that already made hard the eye of Maurice Frere, and all at once he understood the result of what he had done. He had, by his own act, given himself again to bondage. As long as escape was impracticable, he had been useful, aud even powerful. Now he had pointed out the way of escape, he had sunk into the beast of burden once again. In the desert he was " Mr." Dawes, the saviour ; in civilised life he would become once more Rufua Dawes, the ruffian, the prisoner, the absoonder. He stood mute, and let Frere point out the excellencies of the craft in silence ; and then, feeling that the few words of thanks uttered by the lady were chilled by her consciousness of the ill-advised freedom he had taken with the child, he turned on his heel and strode up into the bush. " A queer fellow," said Frere, as Mrs. Vickers followed the retreating figure with her eyes. "Always in aa ill-temper." "Poor man! he has behaved very kindly to us," aaid Mrs. Viokers. Yet even she felt the change of circumstance, and knew that, without any reason that she could name, her blind trust and hope in the convict who had saved their lives had beep transformed into a patronising kindliness which was quite foreign to esteem or affection. " Come, let us have some supper," says Frere. " The last we shall eat here I hope. He will come back when his fit of passion is over." But he did not come back, and, after a few expressions of wonder at his absence, Mrs. Vickers and her daughter, wrapt in the sweet hopes and fears of the morrow, almost forgot that he had left them. With marvellous credulity they looked upon the terrible stake they were about to play for as already won. The possession of the boat seemed to them so wonderful, that the perils of the voyage they were to make in it were altogether lost sight of. As for Maurice Frere, he was only rejoiced that the convict was out of the way. He wished that he was out of the way altogether. Chapter XVI. thb WBrrnro on thi sand. Havhco got out of eye shot'of the ungrateful creatures he had befriended, Rufus Dawes had thrown himself upon the ground in an agony of mingled rage and regret. For the first time for six years he had tatted the happiness of doing good, the delight of self-abnegation. For the first time for six years, he had broken through the selfish misanthropy he bad taught himself. For the first time in six years he had placed his own desires second in importance to those of others. And this was bis reward! He had held his temper in check, in order that it might not offend others. He had banished the galling memory of his degredation, lest haply some shadow of it might aeem to fall upon the fair child whose lot had been so strangely cast with his. He had stifled the agony he suffered, lest its expression should give pain to those who seemed to feel for him. He had forborne retali ation, when retaliation would have been most sweet. Having all these years waited and watched for a chance to strike his persecutors, he had held his hand now that an unlooked- for accident had placed the weapon of destruction in his grasp. He had risked his life, foregone his enmities, almost changed his nature, and his relief had come in the shape of cold looks and harsh words, so soon as his skill and courage had pared the way to freedom. This knowledge coming upon him while the thrill of exultation he had felt at the astounding news of his riches yet vibrated in his brain, made him grind his teeth with rage at his own hard fate. Bound by the tie of the purest and holiest of affections —the affection of a son to his mother—he had condemned himself to social death, rather than buy his liberty and life by a revelation which would shame the gentle creature whom he loved. By a strange series of accidents, fortune had assisted him to maintain the deception he had practised. His cousin had not recognised him. The very ship in which he was believed to have sailed, had been lost with every soul on board. His identity had been completely des troyed—no link remained which could connect Rufus Dawes, the convict, with Richard Devine, the vanished heir to the wealth of the dead ship builder. Oh, if he had only known ! If, while in the gloomy prison, distracted by a thousand fears, and weighed down by crushing evidence of cir cumstance, be had but guessed that death had stepped between Sir Richard and his vengeance, he might have spared himself the sacrifice he bad made. He had been tried and condemned v a nameless tailor, who oould call no witnesse* in his defence, and give no parlioubira as to hi* previous history. It was dear to him now that he might have adhered to Mb statement of ignorance concerning the murder, locked in his breaßt the name of the murderer, and have vet been free. Judges are just, but popular opinion is powerful, and it was not impossible that Richard Devine, the millionaire, would have escaped the fate which had overtaken Rufus Dawes, the sailor. Into his calculations in the prison—when, half-crazed with love, with terror, and despair, he had counted up his chances of life—the wild supposition that he had even then inherited the wealth of the father who had dis owned him, had never entered. The knowledge of that one fact would have altered the whole current of his life, and he learnt it for the first time now—too late. Now, lying prone upon the sand; now, wander*. ing aimlessly up and down among the stunted trees that bristled white beneath the mist-barred moon; now, Bitting—as he had sat in the prison long ago—with his head gripped hard between his hands, swaying his body to and fro, he thought out the frightful problem of his bitter life. Of little use was the heritage that he had gained. A conviot-absconder, whose hand* were hard with menial service, and whose back was scarred with the lash, could never be received among the gently nurtured. Let him lay claim to his name and rights, what then 1 He was a convicted felon, anl his name and rights had been taken from him by the law. Let him go and tell Maurice Frere that he was his lost cousin. He would be laughed at Let him proclaim aloud his birth and innocence, and the convict- sheds wotitd grin, nnd the convict over seer set him to harder labor. Let him even, by dint of reiteration, get his wild story believed, what would happen ? If it was heard in England —after the lapse of years, perhaps—that a con vict in the chain-gang in Macquarie Harbor—a man held to be a murderer, and whose convict career was one long record of mutiny and punishment—claimed to be the hoir of an English fortune, and to own the right to dis possess staid and worthy English folk of their rank and station, with what feeling would the announcement be received ? Certainly not with a desire to redeem this ruffian from his bonds and ph»ce him in the honored seat of his dead father. Such intelligence would be regarded as a calamity, an unhappy blot upon a fair reputa tion, a disgrace to an honored and unsullied name. Let him succeed, let him return again to the mother who had by this time become reconciled, in a measure, to his loss ; he would, at the best, but be to her a living shame, scarcely less degrading than that which she had dreaded. But success was almost impossible. He did not dare to retrace his steps through the hideous labyrinth into which he had plunged. Was he to show his scarred shoulders as a proof that he was a gentleman and an innocent man ? Was he to relate the nameless infamies of Maoquarie Harbor as a reason that he was entitled to receive the hospitalities of the generous, and to sit, a respected guest, at the tables of men of refinement? Was he to quote the horrible slang of the prison ship, and retail the filthy jests of the chain-gang and the hulks, to prove that he was a fit companion for pure-minded women and innocent children? Suppose even that he could conceal the name of the real criminal, and succeed in proving himself guilt less of the crime for which he had been con* demned, all the wealth in the world could not buy back that blissful ignorance of evil he once had owned. All the wealth in the worldjcould not purchase the self- respect which had been out out of him by the lash, or banish from bis brain the memory of his degredation. For hours this agony of thought racked him. He cried out as though with physical pain, and then lay in a stupor, as though exhausted with actual physical suffering. It was hopeless to think of freedom and of honor. Let him keep silence, and pursue the life fate had marked out for him. He would return to bondage. The law would claim him as an absconder, and would mete out to him such punishment as was fitting. Perhaps he might escape severest punishment, as a reward for his exertions in saving the child. He might consider himself fortunate S such waa permitted to him. Fortunate! Suppose be did not go back at all, but wandered away into the wilderness and died ? Better death than such a doom as his. Yet need he die ? He had caught goats ; he could catch fish. He oould build a hut There was, perchance, at the deserted settlement some remnant of seed com that, planted, would give him bread. He had built a boat; he had made an oven ;he had fenced in a hut. Surely he could contrive to live alone, savage and free. Alone I He had contrived all these marvels alone ! Was not the boat he him self had built below upon the shcre ? Why sot escape in her, and leave to their fate the miser able creatures who had treated him with such ingratitude ? The idea flashed into his brain as though someone had spoken the words into his ear. Twenty strides would place him in possession of the boat, and half an hour's drifting with the current would take him beyond pursuit. Once outside the Bar, he would make for the west ward, in the hopes of falling in with some whaler. He would doubtless meet with one be fore many days, and he was well supplied with provision and water in the meantime. A tale of shipwreck would satisfy the sailors, and he paused—he had forgotten th*t the rags which he wore would betray him. With an exclama tion of despair, he started from the posture in which he w»s lying. He thrust out bis hands to raise himself, and felt his fingers come in contact with something soft. He had been lying at the foot o! some loose stones that were piled cairn-wise besides a low-growing bush ; and the object that he had touched was protrud ing from beneath thete stones. He caught it and dragged it forth. It was the shirt of poor Bates. With trembling hands he tore away the stones, and pulled forth the rest of the garments. They Beemed as though they had been left pur posely for him. Heaven had sent him the very disguise he needed! The night had passed during his reverie, and the first faint streaks of dawn began to lighten in the sky. Haggard and pale, he rose to his feet, and scarcely daring to think about what he • * • • ■ ■ .i proposed to do, ran towards the boat As he ran, however, the voice that he had heard seemed to encourage him. "Your life ia of more importance than theirs. They will die, but they have been ungrateful, and deserve death. You will escape out of this Hell, and return to the loving heart who mourns you. You can do more good to mankind than by saving the lives of these people who despise you. Moreover, they may not die. They are sure to be sent for. Think of what awaits you when you return—aa absconded convict!" He was within three feet of the boat, when he , suddenly checked himself, and Btood motionless, staring at the sand with as much horror as though he saw there the Writing which foretold the doom of Belshazzar. He had come upon this sentence traced by Sylvia the evening be fore, and glittering in the low light of the red sun suddenly risen from out the sea, it seemed to him that the letters had shaped themselves at his very feet. GOOD MR. DAWES. "Good Mr. Dawes!" What a frightful re proach there was to him in that simple sentence ! What a world of cowardice, baseness and cruelty, had not those eleven letters opened to him! He seemed to hear the voice of the child who had nursed him, calling on him to save her. He seemed to see her at that instant standing between him and the boat, as she had stood when she held out to him the loaf, on the night of. his return to the settlement. He staggered to the cavern, and Beizing the sleeping Frere by the arm, shook him violently. "Awake ! awake !" he cried, "and let as leave this place!" Frere, starting to Mb feet, looked at the white face and bloodshot eyes of the wretched man before him with blunt astonishment. " What's the matter with you, man ?" he said. " You look as if you'd seen a ghost !" At the sound of his voice Rufus Dawes gave a long sigh, and drew his hand across his eyes. "Come Sylvia !" shouted Frere, "it's time to get up. lam ready to go !" The sacrifice was complete. The convict turned away, and two great glistening tears rolled down his rugged face, and fe'l upon the sand. [TO BE CONTimjED.] 