MELBOURNE. I (raiM OCE OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I Jane 10. I e politics there is nnt one fresh develop- t. The L&od; Bill is discussed languidly li Assembly, without the elighteBt eymp- lefaniestoesB or sincerity on the part of tiiembtn. The fact is, that the ruling fen cd the opjKisitioD benches h«i nothing Bu- with the iaad question, or any other Ibjs particularly, excepting always in Iri to the presentation of chances for a Bolasgaolt on the Treasury benches, wafLand Bill does not offer the ghost of lance. I give tbe Ministerial side of the stall credit for &t; least an cqaal amoant Imiae patriotism. Measures are framed Kssdacu-d through tbeir various stages liistroDg view to the main chance — the fctoc ol place and power. I&5 only speeches worthy of the least feiwi on Tuesday night, when the Land ttttbeiDg discoflfed, were those of Mr. Js® od Mr. Colin Campbell, bat this gentleman, true to bis traditicuai fcjSdifcanr&fc;" motto, was too diffuse, and pid aa already dull House. He, how- i®, aide some goud points with reference ffr impropriety of permitting aU disputes lj«i fit-lectors and the Crown to be de- faliy the Mini ster of Lands or his dele- | jte Mr. Campbell contended that the Pjwj- coorta of the colony eboald settle PP dttpntes, whether Petty Sessions, toait, or Supreme Court — forms of of course, to be as much simplified It is 6o in Queensland, and works well. Mr. Wrixon, as P w»t, spoke sensibly, aod to the point. Hffieneace, he contended, had demon I Pv3 efforts hitherto made to fix Enl®6 land by letting them have it proved ineffectual, and he wanted Inhere were aoy grouuds to expect under the operation of the Act now Bought to be passed, grafter all the members have spoken to speak, undertakes to reply to BP 4 criticisms, but in Mr. l , Ca8ehe will have some hard nnts r«Q. fclw! 1Dnre pereonB, men and boys, ttof employment at an awk- |l cT?? the year, by the horning of ?MMndge aBgar worke, but there is a rjouogto the cloud. The Farraville KTj appears, has never yet been gflyp fo its full capacity, but now it IV. going lull swing night and day, coatiderable number of the un- KtTt? a.once htain employment |T . ndridgc CDicpany will, doubt- it tbeir icierest to give or find f'»r those of their skilled . -Qr2.at Yarraville, so as to mV, . attain bail when wanted. The tqjis vt-rj- wealthy, and all its share 80 that no avoidable fc'htail «?ttr re ea?ahebiog the works. VBtrnra. ,a go deal of the machinery ®ach imaged, and can be easily v. tlje old fooling the works IfcgL Bp in a couple of months, P0M We the directors may de a res plant altogether, on plan. Should 8 , 08en» at least six or eight elapee before work can be 4'ihi, .Ihourne, bat if te'c8Mphic wires speak trae, B'jiat th» 0,rnercially feeliug far more oat f.iu are First there was tbe V rilli ,r ?r 200,000, assets next to lOKvitable train of smaller bn«fW We a.ve a houas in the grain sr.d 'f® a filfflilar frightful Bf® fills a f')arse when a giant of the Bvtes. f&l; 'lings must go also. 7 ?tc chKfly in Sydney, Ade vml ' ac< London : little or Wrbff0urac- The aff"r bad m .dePreS8ing the prices S,lott,iiial what is iv mrij t8 W€re pressed, wheat Hl aDd fiL>ur 1J t0 £1 5a lai£'ib,oaroe, «i«rienee I do' not S. li f rain as we had on B &ever; ceasej for a single moment, beg,nnuiK on S.turd.5 .boat five t v»;ta"or. or blesting, aa the «iae Y" wly on Monday moroW y"1'g bonra a< apelL The w« «7,nK bnt 