:LdU;!'=5=SFE=?=s \OUVc r f /'! .A . ;.J> L JAs provioufily announced tno race for passage boats, ih.'eohneotion with tlio Derwont Sailing Boat Club, took plaue at tho Esplanado on Saturday afternoon, and /although not a success as regards tho nttmbor ofj en tries, was ccrtsii&ly; one of tbe prettiest and best contested races of tho season. A first prize of £4jand secpniVprize of 10s wcro offored, tho cntrahco " being free, and the usual cpurso,.twice round, .was chosen. .The following three boats started :Edith Ellen-, Crow:Dcnno Bros, J.Symons, Risby, Lucas, and Turner Crystal AVave— -Crow : Hughes Bros, Clarke, Barnard,' and ', McGregor. 'EvelinoCrow :, Young Bros, 'R, Camming, and Turner, ;Mr J. 1 Haylo officiated ns starter, and sent the ' lioata' away : at three o'clock. The Eveline tookitKo lead,- but was' passed bcfora reaohingitbo Slaughter House buoy by itno Edith Ellen, which rounded first," with the' : Evolino second, and th'o: Crystal Wave third. The Saudy. Bay. . buoy was rouuded -in this order, the' Edith Ellon loading by ono ihinuto,, but in running back tbe. Evelino and Crystal Wave' ;chaugcd i places, .and, 'the Siaughter Houso buoy was rounded with the Editu Ellen" first," witli .thlo , Crystal ' AVavo socoml, and tho Eveljtio/ third, ' there 'being two minutes difTorehco bot\veeh tho'first and second boats, and half a minuto b'etweeri 'tho second and .third, boats. Tho Edith Ejlcn increased 'this' dlffercnco ' coming home/ and passed the'lino'at 620j ! p.tn.; ,rjust minutes ahead of the Cryst&t; AVave, which ini turn gained sooond place by being just two seconds : ahead of! the Eveline, Thufl'. con- eluded , a niost > oxciting , . raco, . , and . somo entliuriastic'chlocring wos iudnlgod ,in wlioii' tho Edith Ellen passed tho flagship first,' as the'Evolino hadbeenldokodfupoh ashe cer-: tain winner. Tho wind during tho nftoruo.jp was light oastorlv, and enabled tho boats to lcad;both up;and downitho rivor, ? !- ; /, y | i we' learh 'from a corresirondenC al (New Norfolk; ! thrit. ' the ' quiet'.1 of ;tbat little township ' has been 'disturbod". by a ' most diabolical attempt at ,murder by poisonj; that reads more like the sensational part of tho plpt.pf.aiFrpnehnpyelj-than.a-soone inuotual life/.. AVo snppfess tlie names till wc' lnivo the" ! facts' officially "' 'Our correspondent BaysTr." On Thursday morning last,;a quiet,- hnoffensive young married woman was' waited upon by n woman who only arrvicd upon the- towliiship «ithin;tho last. throe ;orfour :days, under proteuqo.of .obtaining pojue clothes or Jnthor goods loft by a lodger. AVhilsfc looking 'for thc8o;d,tho; j visitpr' induced - the ? young woman, much against ('Ker inclination, to .taste somo spirits',/ saying ii 'wruld do hor good, the woman libraolf pretending.to par .tako /o'f somOr /' lt appears 'that' the. spirit Kv'ds/ drugged ' withj J .arR'ehic'br ! 'somo' bthor ppison! rrovidbntinlly a tifciyhbour called' in: ,to dsk| thb yo'nlig wo'inan/to tako some thread for hor from the' baker, as -oho was going out; : and she discovered the attempt at'poisofiiog'. Sho immediately administered some anti- monial- wiHo/Iof VdCatb 7muBt; ;liave /ensued boforo. tho dootor couM bavo r reached her. ilt isk statod thai; tlie motivb for .thoiiaotis' js'upposod to'be; jealousy; 'through th'e'yofing woman'1 having' married a -v man i.who Irwas t 1 beloved ' by tho'danghtor of .the prisoner, and' : thero has been onmity towards/itlio, intondod; victim "over :flincc..i'iiThe"; Ppliconhavo (the ' attempted pgisoner in custodyj.audajpprtionj ofiitho druggod- spirits. Tho, young .w'omaii notnnttpftdangoon. Saturday,;| ,t WfeMcarri tlint ' that !fttyaui-ite ' Aua- tralianlQritef.MrGarnct'Wal'ch/'ioibnds to,bnng out a jiqv f?On tho Cartie, orjaMoiiiey Pock.," (,t i8:tb bo prpfuscly. illustrated,, nnd ..will consist: of threo,ftparis';'','Parfc(.;tlio . first being /fJTho Stpry Part' the secoh'd '"A1 Gho'stJylntcr- Idde; and the tliird part is "The Donouement" TTib illustrations will consist of /forty'/grotds- quo coloured' ongravings 'by George Gordon McCriio. :'Frbm Mr J Welch's " Head oVcr Heels" and other tales, .we may look <for a vory interesting' Christmas : story.' ) AVe have seen a spcoimon sheet of somo of the cn> gravings, and tho work when completed will form a.wolcomo additionto our library tables, and bo a 'capitalbook 'for d train jdurridy. .TCTHElciork/of itheiweathor quito.up- sofc,,'all cricketing calculations on Saturday aft'ornoon; and quickly put astop to ananti- .eijJd'plcuant'gbut'ojplpek'tho Derwontora reluctantly turned butto give the AVcllingtonians tlio.romaindorof their second innings, as tho shower prevailod at thotimo, .Taylor) find Chapman being thp. batsmen to the bpwling of Whitesides ton j/Birch. ' The former addedi to 'hid previonfe-sc'ofb'bf 28, "and tli'd 'latter'had mado 3 with '4 byes/ when tho rain setting in niqro heavily, without any prospeot of 'abatement, it was decided to givo up playing for tho day ; tho score standing at 73 for the' loss of 2 wickets only. (C. Davies and Cole) AVe supposo the tnatoh will, now .bo drawn, which is(a pity, for it promised an exciting conclusion.;. These unfinished "con tests— already the second this season-L-aro very unsatisfactory,, and ,wo think thoro should always be an arrangement' made to ' play them out.;. i : i. > .»( j j - -j 1 A public meeting called by HiB Wot ship tho Mayor, in response to a requisition presonted to him, , .will .bo held at tbe Town Hall to-morrow ' (Tuesday) evening at half- past soven, for. the pnrpose of. .taking into consideration the desirableness of establishing a brass band for the , benefit of the citizens generally." THo requisition presontbdto the Mayor calling tho above meeting, was got up1 by a few gcntlomen who havo for some timoj East agitated1 the forming of "a city brass' and. AVe understand ( that the estimated expense is About £150, and that'if once got' np, the band would bo nearly self- supporting/ hs the hire of it for halls and parties would1 pay the expenses. The band would1 play 'in somo public place two or threo times ' a week, , Tho battery in iho Domain has . boon suggested as one place/and the .Barracks, on the croon, another.1 Eitheh of 'theso placbs would enable the citizens of a fino aftorrioon Or moonlight evening to enjoy a proraenadoj and good music at tno same timo. Therii are many occasions on which.thb want of a city band has bean' felt, and wo hopo that this movement will meot with the success it merits. Oqo stop to ensure this is, lot, thtre boa good attendance1 tot tho Town Holl 'ti morrow evening. j -the memboi's ol ..(hoj 'Journeymen. Bootmakers- Society are ' Buraitnoned: to a- general meeting.1 All arrears arc' to bo pai. on the 29th inatant, previous to the regis- tration:6f lhe's6cioty;i;i -,li J p ;;> j the i.o.g.t. ; " Rod Gross Knights "( Lodge will hold their first anniversary tea raootingat the Moclianics' Institnte this ovoii- ing at soven o'block. .The ' Hon- D. S. Hastings is oxpeotodito ho present.- j at tho Police/' 'Oonrj:. on Saturday, L man named Hcury Tonchot was fined 5s, or m dofault of payment was aout to gaol for 7 days. Mr Tarloton presided. we loam that arrangements have shQenmadefor a wonl to word system with th'e/Eurbpean Tolpgraph Company, and a uniform uharge, of 10s (id per word, including nddrcbs 'and signature, .will cnine into opera, (ion atfor tho 1st day of January next. The' Tasmanian Government have also arranged with the Submarine, 1 Cable Company so that; «iifter tho satuo.datq the charge for intercolo»: nial messages will b'o 4s. for tho first 10 words, and;5dl per word for every additional word, Press messages per cahlo will also beb ex changed halLprice from dato. This is an improvement on tho present system. It is a step towards what we suggested in The Tribune'6n the 15th inst., doit', still not, suffi cient. The rato should not ho more1' than' hslf-a-crown for 10 words, and 3d for eaoh additional word. If this was carried out the dncomo of the- Cable- Company- wouid-aoon. doable. uimn. alfred w . the photo- grapor,.hasromo.vcd from_hia late promisos inElizaboth-8troet to othor more convenient ones' ra' few doors; nearer Liyerpqolstreet,r nbxt door to Mr. flissoy, tho hairdresser. It will bo neon by the Advertisement in another' column that Mr. ' AVintbr is now prepared to tako any description of .photographio like nc'sies at his toow studio, including tho fa shionable, shadow; portraits. -. Tho. premises Mr Winter htis now opened have been done up' id a very nest style, and; oycry '.convenionco is provided for his sitters.' There is a very uqmfortable retiring room , for . ladios and childron, "and a general ' waiting-room for customers. This new ' gallery is admirably situated . for .tho necessary light, and is so fitted with' blinds nnd shades that the: shadow can- be east on either side of the face - Alto gether Mr Winter hns now got "a suitable 'establishment,- and will bo better able to anit his numerous patrons. ! - the - Tasmanian Poultry / Society's'- Committee advertises tho closing of its (annual sweopstakes in the soveral sections of poultry, canaries, and pigeons, for Uio 30th inst.j Thc almost anoxpcctod sncccss that lia atteadod this portion oftoHe Show during t|;e lost two, or three years, nnd especially at' tno 1875 oxhiibitlon, shoiildstimulatc faqcibrs tb',' support strongly the 1 sweep ' department., a good pnzo' is provided, .tond tho host birds dre shown'for it, and it is always noteworthy that tho qualify of tho sweopstakes exhibits i«, A. 1 / iAVe hope, thcroforo, ,to hear that a grand: list of entries havo. been made for next year's, show at tho end of the month, and if we may qneb Iniore take upon oursolvcs to roniind southern1 exhibitors of tlio value of unity's strength, ,and7Rr suggestion/ is practically followed, ,with,tho willing help of the Lann eoston and Campbell Town Associations, &c.;, thennmbor of entriogwill.bo' maoh in excess ifvlast year's capitalflist. . Full particulars may be nad'from itHo socrotary. or treasurer.' letter poatbd on . Saturday . ininiffi- ciently stamped.-— Misa Sarah Water, Sydney,' N.S Wales.' 1 f -:>I . | The 5i/f?KcycAo8tatc3i- that two magni ficent now 'stcamshi'ps. riaibcd respectively1 Australia, and Zoalsndia, both of 3000 tons register, 6ave just been completed' in tbo Clydeliy Messrs JohnElcler'and.Co',;exp'resaly for tho -Sydhoy;p'Now oZoaland< .<and San Francisco mail service, and will ho despatched for Sydney via Melbourne during. .tjiis and hext month. l .Thoso yosaols aro .fitted with overyf scientific appliance, and, ibquig, bq'urld to a'pood under Govcrnment con tract, ' arc ex-; peetod to, mako. the passago to, Sydney in .45 days,' ahd/'comcquently, may' he looked ' for early in' January and Tebrbary, aa froni their largo sizo tboy will steam dircofe with tho ex coption of calling at. Fort Phillip to land, 'passengers. Mr H. H. Hall, who arrived at Sidney by 'the Vaaca di Garaa oh Friday, has1 Vent, in his credentials to tho Now South' j' AValcs Government as-tho financial agent and; 'goneral manager of tbo Paoific Mail Company' jm the colonics of 'Now Soufch AValcs, New' (Zealand and Fiji ; ho'subsbquently obtained .an interview , with the Fostmaater'. General.1 (Mr Hall proposed 'that the' (tutgoing- mail1 jshould bo forwarded by way of New Zealand, 1 ;but tho Po9tma8torGonefal declined to' assent I 'to this arrarigqmenfc. . ''' ' - ; AT.iho( ove iing ' fie'dertm 'of, the Presbyterian Gericral Assembly Ithto,' Rev. JiS. cott,of Tasmania who bad | been.! admitted the previous'1 day r as' on , assbciatcd racmberf gave expression/to ; the ; earnest/ desire/ wb i cbj 4th ePresby tcry ; .of ! Tasmania had for closer union1 with, the Presbyterian, Church of Victoria, and " to thcir willingneBs tq accept the (proposal in reference to the preachers and"" '.ministers sent.by the Home Mission Committee to supply theii vacancies.. .He. .hoped, that thcrermight .be, soon' an absorption/ ofttio churcji in Tasmania into .that of.; Victoria, or-at least a' grand federal council of 'Pres byter ianism in Australiz, whioh might'1 be brought, ' about' by .the i50thnanniversafy of the, formation of the 'first '.presbytery/ i l'2fch'insfc! -?J d/THE'xaminej1 ;of . Saturday f saya:-- We learn that Mr J. Cordell has' procured in Melbourne a very suitable little screw steamer for tbe river trade here.. Sho-di fitted with vertical engines, -has to'cario capacity of 25. tons,, and ist estimated "to stenm 10 knots an hour; Mr Cordell was to leave Melbourne about Tuesday next, so we may expect the new vessel here toward the end of ; next week. -While on the subject of steamers we. 'mny mention that a rumour is afloat to the 'effect 'that Mr avra, Hoyard Smith/ of , Melbourne, con- templates putting one of his learners . into the direct trade between here and Sydney and that it will probably (bo the Macedon. the Mount Bischoff.'M. Company i .have shipped, on h.oard the bark Berean, for 'London during1 the, past week; 628 ingofs, of tin, weighing 22 tons fiewt 3qrs lib and/ it is most probable that before, the Berean ,-leayesi' a further shipment will he made by Hef-" With the exception of 74 ingbtB the/ whole'of.tbis'was from purchased ore from the North East Coast mines. < ./ .. 