•A-Spalling Suicide in Flinders-Lane, Melbourne. On the ]7th inst., about dusk, a brothel in Little Flinders street was the scene of a most horrible case of suicide: the victim being a native of Dantzie. named Maurice John Mackewitz, aged 42 years. About twelve months ago. a young woman named Alice Piuekley was Tescued from drowning near Prince's Bridge by tbe efforts of two men, who saw her imminent danger, and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, but the other succec.ded in bringing the girl safely to land. She possessed considerable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of a certain repute, several persons took an interest in lirr. and amongst them the unfortunate man who on 17th inst. blew his brains our. He appears to have been an industrious and respectable individual, and having mad- the accquain tance or Buckley, he at once proposed marriage to her. ' She consented, and the ceremony was duly performed. With the means they had at command, the married couple took the Empire Hotel at Hotham, and c-rried on business there for some time, but not with tlie satisfactory result that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and took another hotel named the British Lion. This also failed, and about a week ago they resigned the business and separated, the woman going to live in a cottage in Flinders-lane, where the tragedy occurred, the deceased intimating liia intention of going up country to look for employment. The deceased was Drone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill-treated his wife. At the time she left him he was quite aware of. her purpose, and undertook not to intiude upoil or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith with her in this respect until the 17th December, when, about ten o'clock, he called at the cottage in Flinders- lane, where Buckley lived. The house consists of a front parlor and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to the rear, where the ostensible lady of the house and her children slept. One of the youngsters opened the door when deceased knocked, and informed Buckley, who was then in bed in the back room, that "a gentleman wanted to see her." She, not knowing who it was that inquired for her, sent out word for him to call again. The message having betn conveyed to Mackewitz, he left, stating that he would return about one o'clock. The woman seemed to be aware of who the visitor was, and accordingly was prepared for him at the honr named. Punctually to promise he arrived. He seemed troubled and ill- tempered, and without saying anything entered the parlor and took his seat upon a sofa. Buckley approaching him 111 a friendly manner, and, placing her hand upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to the county. He snid that he intended starting on the following day, and asked her if she had got any money. She opened her purse and handed him a sovereign. Some con. versation ensued as to what be purposed doing with the money. He replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and he wanted to release them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This satisfied her, and, on apparently friendly terms, he rose to take his departure. When at the hall door he stopped and turning round he said, in tones that indicated determination, "I shall return this evening at six o'clock, witlioit fail. Mind I am determined to see you, and therefore do not fail me." She said "All right," and lie then went away. Shortly after the hour named he knocked at the door, and there being at the time no one else bHt herself in the house she gave him admission, Thev both proceeded to the bedroom, and" she in the iir3t instance, snggested that she should return him the pawn tickets of his clothes and other articles which she-had in her possession. His manner was abstracted, and th ? expression of his eyes was wild and reveDgful ; but she took no particular notice of this until he leaned over and struck her in the face, at the same tim°. throwing a quantity of silver on the floor. This" sent her reeling against the bed, on to which he pressed her, leaning over and holding her down with a sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of his fingers aud addressing her said. " Do you see that That is a ring, composed of your hair." He at the same time drew from his pocket a small pistol, which he showed her. The woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. The next moment she heard a report and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and, on returning to consciousuess, she found herse'.f lying on the bed and the room in darkness. She rose and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly disfigured, lying on the floor beside the bed. She rushed to the donr, and in doing so had to stumble over the corpse, and cried for help. Listurbances are unfortunately not rarities in such places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm, She succeeded after a time in escapiug from the room, and then screaming like a woman i deranged she paced up and down the hall. | Ultimately the noise ittracted attention, and seVeral of the neighbors rushed in when they ound the unfortunate woman leaning over nd caressing the blood-stained corpse. A more sickening sight could hardly be imagin- (j than \ra> prsented by the bodv- The deeased appeared a large man, with somewhat egular' and rather prepossessing features, He, in committing the act, had placed the uzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. The bullet took an npward direction, raversing the left chcek and carrying awayor splintering in fragments the entire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving an apertuie through which the lacerated brains exuded falling in a mass upon the floor. Death iu it R m ost revolting form, must have been ingtantaneous, and it was with difficulty the woman conld be dragged from the chamber. -piie spectacle presented was truly terrible, Stretched at full length, and filling up the greater portion of the vacant space in the ro,mi, |ras the body, the face and upper portion covered with blood that still trickled to the floor and added to the ensanguined pool in which the head lay partly buried, p] ie | )e( ] j -with its elegant hangings all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture an(i pictures of women dcrolletces, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of immorality and crime that, happily, are rarely witnessed amongst ns. Besides the bedy was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched man had committed premeditated suicide from motives of j< alousy. It is as follows:— 17th December, 1875.—I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to-day, some way. My wife left me last waek through the interference of the following woman and man. The man sha is living with, in a brothrel, named Polly Eosa Johnston, Lousia Felony, Mrs. Lambert, all n Flinders-iane, and the French W— iving next Sargood and Co., Flinders- street. rostitution is the best most successful arried on under the very nose gf the police, as the deective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr. Croyele the Brewer, of the Royal Mint Brewery, for being so kind after shwindling me of money some time ago to pay my wife £3 to sleep with her last Wednesday night, at the. Belvedere Hotel, and Mr. Hennety for trying to do the same. I don't sign my name; it will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcas that she alway may remember my in that beautiful life she and her companion are leeding, and may the course of God be on here, that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before liersHf, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive' her to madness and the worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, and found a man in bed with her. I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleeland's. I returned the rest to her after paying for powder and shott. I see her at 6 o'clock my wedding day and my byrrial. I wish to be buried with the lock of hair in my fingure. After my body is removed I hope some of your clever detectives or policemen will go to bed with her and smell her blood. I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some money the first and last to buy a pistol and returned to her, take her in my arms and scatter 1113- brains over her cursed carcas—Amen. N.B.—my wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her her brother is an old policeman living in Dandenong, Oakley, Fern Tree Gully or Sale (Gippsland) at P^ent 1 believe. ' J - M - M - Married 17th December, 1874. Died by his own hands do., 1875. Order for a grave stone. An inquest having been held, the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased shot himself while in a state of Bound mind. 