Piccadilly Points of View. London, September 17. It is the Doncaster week, and, even supposing "anyone" were in London, that anyone would be going to Doncaster, so that the desert is doubly deserted. The mists of Au tu um are gathering round us, and the melancholy beauty of the dying leaf tints is increasing day by day. I am almost the only inhabitant left, and when I find myself in Hyde Park or Kensington Gardens, I enjoy a delicious sense of solitude all among the trees and the flowers, which are so exceedingly beautiful. For all that solitude, however, there are plenty of people in London to fill the theatres, which are all re-opening, and to give to two such popular favorites as Henry Irving and Dion Boucicault is most enthusiastic reception. I speak of one event as in the future, it is only so far off as to-morrow night, the other has already taken place. To-morrow evening we shall have a repetition of the scene, which has become an institution's first performance of a great part by Mr. Henry Irving and I have no doubt that his Macbeth will be as rapturously received as was his Hamlet. I cannot conceive that the performance can be so interesting, so delightful, because Macbeth is so inferior in interest to sweet Hamlet," as Mr. Irving beautifully called him but that Mr. Irving will give the terrible mental and moral struggles of the ambitious Thane wonderful effect, I feel assured. It will be curious to observe how he will differentiate the ghost seeing of the two show the guilty conscience of Macbeth will invest the apparition of Banquo with unendurable horror, while the tenderness and the grief of Hamlet lend to his sight of the poor ghost" something quite apart from its dread. In my next letter I shall be able to tell your readers how Mr. Irving has satisfied the well founded public expectation which is on tip- toe about the performance of to-morrow night at present I must relate the immense success of Mr. Dion Boucicault's new piece " The Shaughraun which was performed for the first time on August 31, at Drury Lane. The spectacle was an exceedingly brilliant one. The vast theatre was crowded in every part, and the audience had all the air of excitement and expectation which render the atmosphere of a first performance quite electric. As soon as they looked at their programmes everyone know that a fresh and un- looked for element of pleasure and interest had been introduced. Mrs. Boucicault was about to play the part of Moya, the Irish girl, whose aweutlieartisCon/i.tho Shaughraun. This part had been given to a young lady who at the last moment failed in it so conspicuously at rehearsal that Mr. Boucicault was obliged to relinquish the hope that she could play it. Mrs. Boucicault, who had not even seen a rehearsal, but had studied the play, for her own pleasure, during her husband's absence in America, volunteered to take the part, and after one rehearsal, for which the stage was hurriedly prepared on the preceding day, she appeared as Moya. She was received with prolonged and tumultuous applause, and in a few minutes it became apparent to the house that the Agnes Robertson of old times was in their presence, her grace, spirit, and wit quite unimpaired. A kind of electric pleasure diffused itself over the audience, and the applause was again and again returned. It was hardly more tumultuous when Conn appeared, and Dion Boucicault received the tribute of admiration which he so well merited in the double capacity of actor and dramatist. The play is the best of his Irish pieces. It is not so romantic as the "Colleen Bawn ;" it is not so pathetic as " Affiliation Pogue," but it is better sustained, more obvious, and more sparkling with humor Mum either of these famous productions. The action never flags, and the dialogue is exceedingly clever ; never forced, and full of the genuine Irish humor, which has its source in the good impulses and the kindly feelings of the Irish character. No dramatist has ever conveyed, and no actor has over personated, the peasant lover as Dion Boucicault has done both. He alone knows how to exhibit the fervor and the innocence, the loyalty and the funny murmuring, but utter obedience of the Irish lover to his sweetheart, in till his plays this is the most remarkable and touching feature. In the Shaughraun it is exquisite, and it commands the delighted sympathy of the audience from the very first words which are spoken between the pair. The story is that of a young gentleman, convicted by the evidence of informers' and perjurers one monster in particular, liar vcy Duffel participation in the Fenian conspiracy. He is transported to Australia, and his estate and his female relatives full into the hands of a rascally squire whom we have soon very often before, but who is mine the less welcome on that account. He escapes, returns in time to defeat the machinations of the rascal, and to convict the perjurer, but not until he has undergone many dangers and difficulties, been imprisoned, and rescued by the faithful Conn. All the parts in the piece are very well played, and for Harvey Duff, the spy, Mr. Dion Boucicault has been fortunate enough to secure is quite wonderful actor. This gentleman is Mr. Shiel Barry, and it is plain that he is largely indebted, in addition to his own indisputable talents, to Mr. Boucicault's careful training. The mark of the master is on the enunciation, the gestures, the expression of this very remarkable actor. At times he approaches the grotesque, but he never quite oversteps the boundary, and in some of the scenes his semi insane crawling antiquity is quite terrible. I think the drama will have a long run, and I am sure it will be permanently regarded as one of the greatest successes of Mr. Dion Boucicault's distinguished career. The English opera experiment, with which I have very little personal sympathy, because I never can forgot the words the singers have to use, and they always sound so silly, is being once more tried this time at the Princess' Theatre, and under the direction of Carl Rosa, the husband of Madame Parepa Rosa, whose premature death was a much regretted event, and one which delayed for a long time the production of Wagner's music in England. The first piece elected for the new experiment is entitled " The Porter of Havre," and it has more than ordinary interest as a fresh version of the famous French play " Les Cloches des Pino Martin," of which the first was the immensely popular " Porter's Knot," in which Robson, the famous comedian, iihciI to play the leading part. The playgoers of the present do not know much about Robson ; the younger ones never saw him, and the orders have almost forgotten him, and there could hardly be a stronger proof of that than the fact that he is not alluded to in any of the numerous articles devoted by the journalists to the " Carl Rosa Operas." The first performance took place on the 13th instant, and was a success. The music is composed by Signor Caproni, a living Italian composer, and is in its light, melodious Htylu, with frequent use of dance rhythms. The artists are tolerably well known, and some of them are very clever. Mr. Santley is the chief boast of the company, and a host in himself. The English libretto is by that eminent veteran of dramatic literature, Mr. John Oxenford, who has entirely regained his health, to the great satisfaction of the London world. I am sorry to say that Mr. Charles Matthews iH exhibiting himself on the stage of the Gaiety Theatre, and though the part he is playing is that of an old man, detestable for his vices, follies, and affecta- tion of the versatility of youth, it is none the less painful to see the senile weakness and the wretched artificiality which are all that remain of the once clever and humorous actor offered to the ridicule of the public. Nothing but curiosity could attract anyone to such a spectacle. This is only another instance of that which we are always told by people who know much of the lives of actors; they cannot bear to give up their profession, to retire " from the garish lights for ever, as Charles ? Dickens said, and they hold on to the last floating spar of popularity ; they drink the muddiest lees of the cup of excitement. Mr. Toole, whose American tour has been eminently successful, will appear at the Gaiety in November and there is no doubt the winter season, in a dramatic sense, will be very brilliant indeed Very painful excitement has been caused quite recently by the discovery of an atrocious murder at Whitechapel. The story is so ghastly in its details that it has revived the almost forgotten history of Greenacre, and it offers a very curious instance of the small precautions by neglect of which a murderer may defeat his most elaborately worked out and skilful scheme. The details of the Whitechapel tragedy will no doubt reach your readers, and they will be struck by the strange carelessness which could induce a man to leave a parcel containing the mutilated remains of a human body for three minutes in the sole charge of an individual before whom he had already betrayed uneasiness lest anyone should see him carrying the parcel, and who had remarked to him upon the foul odor proceeding from it. In all human likelihood, of Wainwright, the man charged with the murder, had sent Stokes, the man who put the police upon his track, to fetch the cab in which he carried away the horrid parcels to their prepared grave, instead of going himself, and so giving Stokes time and opportunity to satisfy his curiosity, this terrific crime might have added another to the long list of undetected murderers in England, It is long since there has been so strong a feeling about a murder. It pervades all classes of society, for we are all aroused to a sense that there is something terrible in the possibility of a woman, like the victim of this crime, well known to many people, and working for her living among workers, having disappeared from among the living unmarked, Dismissed. A few days more and the Prince of Wales will have commenced the journey which is so great an object of interest and expectation. He is in very good health, though there have been reports to the contrary, and the only thing which rails him? a muscular affection of the left leg? is no detriment to his undertaking. The Queen gave a a good-luck " ball, as such festivities are called in Scotland, to all the Royal tenants, and a great number of the resident gentry, at Balmoral, on the 13th instant. I have had a letter from a friend describing the scene as one of great interest, and whose splendor was much less conspicuous than its friendliness and hearty enjoyment. In one passage in her letter my friend says, "Great was the pride and vast the importance of Prince Albert Victor at the notion of dancing with Grandmamma ;' and right well he acquitted himself, moving with ease and correctness through the quadrille figures, and paying devoted attention to his august partner. I closely observed the Queen, whom I had often seen dancing in her youthful days, when she enjoyed no pleasure more thoroughly. She moves with all her accustomed dignity and c dm matronly pace, and her face looked quite happy. Of late the expression of her face has changed very much. For many years it was one of fixed almost morose, sadness, and when a smile crossed it, it was no children, and momentary ; but now the ordinary expression is smiling and peaceful. I think the Queen is happy now, and that real and complete resignation to the will of God has brought peace to her. To her intimate friends Her Majesty constantly talks of the Prince Consort, and she is always much touched and pleased when she traces in any of her grand-children a trait of likeness or of some little habit in which the child resembles the over-remembered and lamented grandfather. It is very pretty to see the little Princes with her; they are so fond of her, but they are so well taught due observance towards her. I noticed her holding Prince George's hand in hers for several minutes on one occasion, and gently passing her handkerchief across the boy's forehead, when he came up to her, heated after a lively reel. The Prince's children don't like Ilia going. They are very fond of him, and they are a good deal with him, considering his incessant engagements." Once more from France had news reaches us. A flood has occurred in the Valley of the Pyrenees, which, though not so disastrous as the late inundations in the Garonne country, has reduced a great number of people to destitution, and wrought terrible havoc with the crops. The Binns subscribed in France and England for the relief of the sufferers by the previous calamities were so large that it is hoped that immediate relief will be forthcoming from these resources. There in no political news of any interest. M. Gambetta and his party have steadily persevered in taking no notice whatever of M. Nnipict and his proceedings, and the effect of this most judicious conduct is that, like a scolding winnall who is driven wild by not being answered, the "Russians getting frantic. He is about to convene a great meeting of the Radical centres, and to deliver a speech on " La Conspiration de Silence," and of course M. Gambetta will preserve the same unbroken silence concerning that proceeding. There has been a great deal of pretended and just a little real ap;«reUeiiHiou about the so-called Imperialist manoeuvres; but nobody is taken in by that. The policy of "scarves'" is so old and has proved no ineffectual that it might now be definitively abandoned by common consent of public common - Hunse. In the time of the Empire the spectre rouge" used to be raised by the police in order to frighten the country into content with the established order of things. Under the Republic, not just constructed to the satisfaction of all parties, the Bonapartist " scare " is adopted in the dull season. but it frightens no reasonable people, who have only to reflect that Cicsurism without a Ciosur is as mythical as the Legitimate Monarchy without Henri Cinq. I am sorry to say that I have heard on good authority that the Imperial Prince is in delicate health. He has more energy than vigor, and the ill-natured reports constantly circulated about him (I have been asked several times iii Paris whether it be not true that he is scrofulous and ciVd'n I) have probably induced him to overtax his strength. He has studied too hard, and proved too much, and he is ill just now. His eyes are affected a good deal, and he is obliged for the present to relinquish study. His mother is with him at Arenenberg where they are frequently visited by the chief members of the Bonapartist party. M. Thiers is also in Switzerland, where he has been welcomed with much public honor. The great festival in honor of Michel Angelo, at Florence, has been the chief event of the mouth. It has gone off with immense enthusiasm and eclat, in the " marvellous man's" birthplace, and was also celebrated with great rejoicings at Rome, Rovigo, and other cities. Excursions to all the localities associated with the name of Michel Angelo have been made from Florence by enthusiastic crowds, highly favored by the superb weather; and a committee has been formed for erecting a monument to MichelAngelo at San Mininto. A grand banquet, given by the Italian to all the foreign artists, with a special and most attractive feature in this grand national celebration, which commemorated the greatest artist the world has ever seen in all the aspects of his wonderful and unexampled genius. The poet, the painter, the sculptor, and the architect, has each in his turn been recognized, and had Homo special mark of his imperishable place in the pride and the love of his countrymen bestowed upon him. It has been decided that architecture, being one of the fine arts, ought to have a special school in the Indian academy. They have asked the Government to open one in Florence. To turn to a piece of domestic news. A man remarkable in such way, and very useful in his time, has just died in Dublin. All Irish people among your readers will be familiar with the name of Mr. Biunconi in connection with the "car system of travelling in Ireland. In a few more days he would have completed his ninetieth year. I subjoin a brief account of his life, which I think your readers will find interesting :?" A telegram from Dublin says the well-known Charles Biunconi, D.L., who for a considerable time has been ill, died yesterday. On the 27th of the present month he would have reached the age of 60. He was born at Tregola, a village in Northern Italy, in 1788, and in his 13th year came to England, under the care of one Faroni, to sell images and prints. Bianconi soon after visited Ireland in the pursuit of his trade, and whilst travelling through the country conceived the idea of instituting a system of cars between towns of importance. In 1860 he settled as a gilder and print seller in Carrick-on-Suir, and three years afterwards removed to Clonmel, where he proved most successful, and was at last enabled to put his scheme into practice. His great venture was an ordinary jaunting car, which plied between Clonmel and Cahir, and then the line was extended to Tipperary and Limerick, while another car was placed on the road between Clonmel, Cashel, and Thurles. The Thurles car ran for two weeks without a passenger ; but he was not to be daunted, and few could be found to enter into competition with him. A year later, in 1846, a car was placed on the road between New Ross, Wexford, and Ennis corthy. Then followed conveyances between Dungarvan, Waterford, and Kilkenny, Cork, Limerick, Tralee, and Cahirchiveen. The railways broke up many of the important lines, but now ones were started to right and left of the iron road. He had cars running over 1200 miles of road, more than all the railways in Ireland. Mr. Biunconi relinquished the business in 1868"" He was remarkable for his liberality to the poor, and was a generous donor to various Roman Catholic charitable institutions. He gave considerable, employment on his extensive estate at Longfield, expending weekly about £60 among the working classes and artisans about him." I conclude my letter somewhat as Mr. Augustus Muddle terminated his immortal epistle to Miss Pecksniff, " amid the tempestuous bowling" of a thunderstorm. 