_THE NOVELIST. THE EE FEATHERS. ' CHAPTER XXXIV.-UNDER THE "WHITE STARS. (CONTINUED.) "But 1 did not mean you to go alone." " Oh," said Wenna, " yon propose to come with me F Then it? is you who aro afraid to go down by yourself ? Oh, Mabyn !" " Never mind, Wenna,-let's go down through the wood just for fun." So the two sis'era set out, arm-in-arm ; and through some spirit of mischief Wenna would not speak a word. Alabyn was gradually over-awed by the silence, the night, the loneliness of the road, and the solemn presence of the great living vault above them. Moreover, before getting into the wood, they had to skirt a curious little dingle, in the hollow of which are both a church and church-yard. Many a time the sisters lind come up to this romantic dell in the spring-time, to gather splendid primroses, sweet violets, the yel low celandine, and other wild flowers that grow luxuriantly on its steep banks ; and very pretty the old church looked then, with the clear sunshine of April streaming down through the scantily leaved tree3 into these sequestered spots. Now the deep hole was black as night ; and they could only make out a bit of the spire of the church as it ap peared against the dark sky. Nay, was there not a sound among the fallen leaves and underwood down there, in the direction of the unseen graves ? " Some cow has strayed in there, I believe," said; Mabyn, in a somewhat low voice, and she walked rather quickly until they got past the place and out on to the hill over the wooded valley. " Now," said Wenna, cheerfully, not wishing to have Mabyn put in a real fright, " as we go down I am going to tell you something, Mabyn. How would you like to have to prepare for a wedding in a fortnight ?" "Not at all !" said Mabyn promptly, even fiercely. I " Not if it was your own ?" ¡ '? No-why, the insult of such a request !" According to Mabyn's way of thinking it Was an insult to ask a girl to marry you in a fortnight, but none to insist on her marrying you the day after to morrow. " You think that a girl could fairly plead that as an excuse-ihe more time to get one's dresses and things ready ?" " Certainly !" " Oh, Mabyn," said "Wenna, far more seriously, it is not of dresses I am thinking at all ; but I shudder to think of getting married just now. I could not do it. I have not had enough time to forget what happened-and until that ia done, how could I marry any man ?" " Wenna, I do love you when you talk like that !" her sister cried. " You can be so wise and reason able when you choose ! Of course you are quite right, dear. But you don't mean to say he wants you to get married before he goes to Jamaica', and then to leave you alone ?" " Oh, no. He wants me to go with him to Jam aica." Mabyn uttered a short cry of alarm. " To Jamaica I To take you away from the whole of us-why-oh, Wenna, I do hate being a girl so-for you're not allowed to swear-if I were a man now 1 To Jamaica J Why, don't you know that there are hundreds of people always being killed there by the most frightful hurricanes, and earthquakes, and large serpents in the woods ? To Jamaica?-no, you are not going to Jamaica just yet ! I don't think you are going to Jamaica just yet!" " No, indeed, f am not," said Wenna, with a quiet decision. " Nor could I think of getting married in any case at present. But then-don't you see, Mabyn-Mr. Eoscorla is just a little peculiar in some ways-" " Yes, certainly !" "-and he likes to have a definite reason for what you do. If I were to tell him of the repug nance I have to the notion of getting married just now, he would call it mere sentiment, and try to argue me out of it-then we should have a quar rel. But if, as you say, a girl may fairly refuse in point of time-" " Now, I'll tell you," said Mabyn, plainly ; " no girl can get married properly, who hasn't six months to get ready in. She might manage in three or four months, forja man she was particu larly fond of; but if it is a mere stranger-and a disagreeable person-and one who ought not to marry her at all- then six months is the very shortest time. Just you send Mr. Itoscorla to me, and I'll tell him all about it." Wenna laughed. " Yes, I've no doubt you would. I think he's more afraid of you than of all the servants and snakes in Jamaica." " Yes, and he'll have more cause to be before he's much older," said Mabyn, confidently. They could not continue their conversation just then, for they were going down the side of the hill, between short trees and bushes ; and the path was broad enough only for one, while there were many dark places demanding caution. "Seen any ghosts yet?" Wenna called out to Mabyn, who was behind her. " Ghosts, sir ? Ay, ay, sir ! Heave away on the larboard boam ! I say, Wenna, isn't it uncommon dark ?" " It is uncommonly dark." " Gentlemen always say uncommon ; and all the grammars are written by gentlemen. Oh, Wenna, wait a bit ; I've lost my brooch I" lt was no ruse, for a wonder ; tho brooch had, indeed, dropped out of her shawl. She felt all over the dark ground for it, but her search was in vain. " Well, here's a nice thing ! Upon my-" " Mabyn !" " Upon my-trotting pony; that was all I was going to say. Wonna, will you stay hero for a minute; and I'll run down to the foot of the hill, and get a match ?" " How can you get a match at the foot of the hill P You'll have to go on to the inn. No, tie your handkerchief round the foot of one of the trees, and come up early in the morning to look. " Early in the morning ?" said Mabyn. " I hope to be in-1 mean asleep then. Twice she had nearly blurted out the secret; andi it is highly probable that her refusal to adopt Wenna'e suggestion would have led her sister to suspect something, had not Wenna herself, by ac cident, kicked against the missing brooch. As it was, the time lost by this misadventure was griev ous to Mabyn, who now insisted on leading the way, and went along through the bushes at ti rat tling pace. Here and there the belated wander ers Btartied a blackbird, and went shrieking its fright over to the other side of the valley ; but Mabyn -was now too much preoccupied to be un nerved. " Keeping a look out a-head ?" "Wenna called. " Ay, ay, sir ! No ghosts on the weather quarter! Ship drawing twenty fathoms, and the mate fast asleep. Oh, Wenna, my hat !" It had been twitched off her head by one of the branches of the young trees through which she waa passing, and the pliant bit of wood, being released from the strain, had thrown it down into the dark bushes and briers. . . . " Well I'm-no, I'm not !" said Mabyn, as she picked out the hat from among the!.thorns, and straightened the twisted feather. Then she set. óüt again, impatient over these delays; and yet deter mined not to lot her courage sink. " Land ahead yet ?" called out Wenna. . ?" ' 1 "Ay, ay, sir; and tho Lizard on our lea! Wind S.S.W., and the cargo shifting a point to the east. Hurrah!' " Mabyn, they'll hear you a mile off !" It was certainly Mabyn's- intention that she should bo heard at least a quarter of a mile off, for now they had got down to the open, arid they could beor the stream some way ahead of them, which they would have to cross. At this point Mabyn paused for a second to let her sister over i take lier ; then they went on arm-in-arm. " -,. . " Oh, Wenna," she said, " do you renumber * young Lochinvar ?"' - 1 ' " Of course!" " ' ' " Didn't you fall in love with him when you read about him ? Now, there was somebody to fall in love with ! Don't you remember when he came < into Netherby Hall, that j The bride-maidens whispered, ' 'Tworo better by far I To have matched our fair cousin with young Lochin var !' ! And then you know, Wenna i One touch to her hand, and one word in her ear, When they reached the hall-door, and the ' charger j stood near ; ; i. So light to the croupe tho fair lady he Bwung, . So light to the saddle before her ho sprung ! 'She is won I we are gone-over ,bank, bash, and scaur ! They'll have fleet steeds that follow,' quoth young Lochinvar. That was a lover now I" " I think he was a most impertinent young man," said Wenna. j " I rather like a young man to be impertinent," said Mabyn, boldly.. \ . " Then there won't be any difficulty about fitting you with a husband," said Wenna, with a light laugh. Here Mabyn onee more went oh ahead, picking her steps through the damp grass as she made her way down to the stream. Wenna was still in the highest of spirits. Walking the plank yet, boatswain?" she called out. " Not yet, sir," Mabyn called in return. "Ship wearing round a point to the west, and the waves running mountains high. Don't you' hear 'em, captain ?" " Look out for the. breakers, boatswain !" . " Ay, ay, sir. All hands on deck,to mah the cap tain's gig ! Belay away there ! ' Avast ! ' Mind, Wenna ; here's the bridge 1" Crossing over that single plank, in the /dead of night, was a sufficiently dangerous experiment ; but both these young ladies had had plenty of ex perience in keeping their wits about them in moro perilous places. " Why are you in such a hurry, Mabyn ?" Wenna said, when they had crossed. Mabyn did not know what to answer, 'she was very much excited; and inclined to talk, at ran dom morely to cover her anxiety. She was now very late for the appointment, and who could tell what unfortunate misadventure Harry Trelyon might have mot with Y " Oh, I don't know," she said. "Why don't you admire young Lochinvar ? Wenna, you're like the LacedEomons." " Like the what ?" " Like the Lacedomons, that were neither cold nor hot. Why don't you admire young Lochin var ?" " Because he was interfering with another, man's property." "That man had no right to her," said Mabyn, talking.'rather wildly, and looking on ahead, to the point at which the path through the meadows went up to the road ; " he waB a wretched animal, I know ; I believe he was a sugar- broker, and had just come homo from Jamaica." " I believe," said Wenna, " I believe that young . Lochinvar-" She stopped. " What's that 1" eho said. " What are those two lights up there ?'' " They're not ghosts ; come along, Wenna !" said Mabyn, hurriedly. Let us go up to thiB road, where Harry Trelyon, tortured with anxiety and impatience, is waiting. He had slipped away from the house, pretty nearly aB soon as the gentlemen had gone into the draw ing-room after dinner ; and on some excuse or other had got the horses put to a light and yet roomy Stanhope photon. From the stable-yard he drove by a back way into the main road without passing , in front of the Hall ; then he quietly walked the I horses down the steep hill, and round the foot of ' the valley to the point ot which Mabyn waa to make her appearance. But he dared not stop there ; for now and again some passer-by came along the road ; and even in tho darkness Mrs. Trelyon's grey horses would be recognised by any of the inhabitants of Eglosilyan who would naturally wonder what Master Harry waa waiting for. He walked them a few hundred 1 yards one way, then a few hundred yards the other ; and ever, as it seemed to him, the danger was growing greater of some one from the inn or from the Hall suddenly appearing and spoiling the whole plan, Half-past ten arrived ; " and nothing could heard of the girls. Then a horrible thought stru him that Koscorla might by this time have leftt Hall ; and would he not be coming down to tl very road on his way up to Bassett Cottage ? Tl was no idle fear ; it was almost a matter bf ci tainty. The minutes rolled themselves out into ages ; kept looking at his watch every few seconds ; 5 he could hear nothing from the wood or the vail; of Mabyn's approach. Then he got down into t! road, walked a few yards this way and that, a parently to stamp the nervousness out of his sj tem, patted the horses, and, finally, occupied hil self in lighting the lamps. He was driven by tl delay into a sort of desperation. Even if Wem and Mabyn did appear now, and if he was succès ful in his prayer, there was every chance of the being interrupted by Roscorla, who had withoi doubt left the Hall some time before. Suddenly he stopoed in his excited walking 1; and down. "Was that a faint " Hurrah !" that li heard in the distance. He went down to the sti at the junction of the path and the road ; and li tened attentively. Yes, he could hear at least 01 voice, as yet a long way off ; but now he had 1 more doubt. He walked quickly back to the ca riago. " Ho, ho, my hearties !" he said, stroking tl heads of the horses, " you'll have a Dick Turpin ride to-night." All the nervousness had gone from him novi he waa full of a strange sort of exultation-the io of a man who feels that the crisis in MB life hi come, and that he has the power and courage 1 face it. He heard them come up through the meadow i the stile; it was Wenna who was talking; Maby . was quite silent. They came along the road. "What is this carriage doing here?" Wenn said. They drew still nearer. " They are Mrs. Trelyon's horses-and there i no driv«r-" At this moment Harry Trelyon came quickl forward and stood in the road before her j whil Mabyn a9 quickly went on and disappeared. Th girl was startled,' bewildered, but not frightened for In a second he had taken her by the hand, am then she heard him say to her, in Rn anxious, lon imploring voice : "Wenna, my darling, don't he alarmed! Se here, I have got everything ready to take you awa; -and Mabyn is coming with us-and you know love you so that I can't bear the notion of you falling into that man's hands. Now, Wenna, don' think aboutit! Come.with me! We shall bi married in London-Mabyn is ooming witl you-" For one brief second or two she seemed stunne( and bewildered ; then, looking round nt the car riage, and the earnest puppliant before hex, thi whole truth seemed to fltsh ia upon her. Shi looked wildly round. " Mabyn-"she was about to say, when hi guessed the meaning of her rapid look. " Mabyn ÍB here. She is quite close by-she ii coming with us. My darling, won't you let mi save you! This, indeed, is our last chance Wenna!" Sue was trembling so that he thought she wouh . fall; and he would have put his arms round her but that she drew back, and in so doing, she go into the light, and then he saw the immeasurable pity and sadness of her eyes. " Oh, my love," she said, with the tears running down her face, "I love you! I will tell you thal now, when we speak for the last time. See, I will kiss you- and then you will go away-" " I will not go away-not without you- this night. Wenna, dearest, you have let your heart speak at last-now let it tell you what to do !" "Oh, must I go? Must I go?" she said; and then she looked wildly round again. " Mabyn !" called out Trelyon, half mad with joy and triumph, "Mabyn, come along! Look sharp, jump in ! This way, my darling !" And he took the trembling girl, and half lifted her into the carriage. "Oh, my love, what am I doing for you this night!" she said to him, with her eyes swimming in tears. But what was the matter with Mabyn P She was just putting her foot on the iron step when a rapidly approaching figure caused her to utter a cry of alarm, and she stumbled back into the road again. The very accident Trelyon had been anti cipating had occurred ; here was Mr. Roscorla be wildered at first, and then blind with rage when he saw what was happening before his eyes. In his desperation and anger he was about to lay hold of Mabyn by the arm when he was sent staggering backwards half-a-dozen yards. " Don't interfere with me now, or by God I will kill you!" Trelyon said, between his teeth; and then he hurried Mabyn into the carriage. What was the sound then that the still woods heard, under the throbbing stars, through the dark ness that lay over the land P Only the sound of horses' feet, monotonous and regular, and not a word of juy or sorrow uttered by any one of the party thus hurrying on through the hight. (TO DB CONTINUED. ) 