ABOUT TOWN. Loyalty to royalty, and a desire on the one part to commemorate with becoming observance every event in the calendar of royal birth and marriage days, has led to a disagreeable feeling between employer and employed in the drapery line, which 1 am exceedingly sorry to hcinade aware of. One of the reasons 1 have for sympathi sing with the counter serfs, whose hours and labour arc so long and so heavy in comparison with those of the Corporation labourer, is that 1 feel so strongly assured of the ucnuiucmss of the seutimcnt of : fealty t-.» the Crown, which they put for ward ns the mainspring of their desire to shut up shop, and go to tiic Clarence l'lains Ilnccs or to the Foresters' fete at New Norfolk. I f f thought they only desired a holiday for tlie sake of mere re creation, L would not support them so energetically as I am, with my present convictions, inclined to do. I might sny to them, " Why you, any more than the linker, the printer, the waiter, or the thir teen hours' man of any grade?" as I am impressed with the idea that these other people require rest, and pure air and change — rc-invigoration, and a general setting up — us much ns the loyal assistant in a clothing store does; aud if they would ask for any favour in this direc- tum, USSlgmt.g U3 u IIIVUIV iui kMl.Il UkOlik to have it something in connection with the family history of the l'rincc of Wales, I would endorse their reasonable request, to he allowed to leave the rest of us with out bread, or beer, or newspapers, n dozen or two times in the course of the year. 'I liesc other classes, however, when they desire holidays, have nothing to urge hut their sclfh'h desire for recreation and pos sibly attendant dissipation, and so common place a plea is not strong enough to retain me as their advocate. I f they only had the nousc of the. " ribbon men" to take up St. Patrick on a pinch when they found the Prince of Wales would not do, I should have more respect for their intelli gence and shrewdness, and a better opinion of them as loyal subjects— loyal in that extended sense which shows a capacity for being true to anything that may in duce a holiday. . I must con t'ess ; to being at sea on the subject of of the comparative enormity of offences against the law. I always looked upon a professional beggar ns some thing slightly more demoralised aud de graded than a declared and persistent thief, but I was not prepared to find that the law recognises him ns- worse than an intending murderer until I rend reports in The Tribune during the past week, whjch show me that such is the case. A fellow named Bradley, with whom I hnvc no more symnathy than I have with other beggars who play a safer game nt, hotels and otlicr places " About Town," was anntnltAdll'An TllllrCfl'l V Ifltlt l.O Kltf months imprisonment, for imposing on the good nature of a citizeii. to the extent of a shilling, and a chemise for a skk wife who docs uot appear on the scene. . On the next (lay, at New Norfolk, two girls who had stoned a neighbour within an inch of her life, who at the time expressed an in tention ot "doing for her," and who returned to where she was, prepared to remove her tlie remaining inch towards j eternity, were subjected to the incon venience of only four months' confinement. Taking these legal consequences upon the grounds either of intentions or results— with all my. contempt for the regular cadger— I cannot but admit they are out of all 1 proportion, und that the Alisscs Brodie have the best of it. Likc the Cornwall Chronicle , when the; rumour first got abroad that the- man of principle— etcrnut principle — was falsci 1 was " watching with keen anxiety fur/the next move," in the political world; aud thought, if it is in the direction generally, hinted at;"I shall be surprised for the last time in ' my life - 'After the consum mation prognosticated I shall neyer he as, tonished again. ' 1 The cynosure cyor- to be pointed at; tlie piuk of politicians, with nothing . " local ' about him ; such a stickler for principle, so prim in his purity aud so gushing in his endeavours - to illustrate ii 'with bewildering, though .charming — verbosity, — surely -never- wilt link himself with those who, he - has so', o'ftch said, hnVe done so much to ruin-thc colony, and whom lie Ims so frequently admonished to take the high plane he stood upon as a politician and .a patriot, Iti; order to raise Tasmania from the Slough of Despond into which he TroVn' his watch-tower could plainly see she was sinking'fof the want of an extension of sympathy, and through the existence of " local patriotism" in the place of a highur and hrtmdcr national feeling which lie had exhausted man a rivulet oi adjectives in endeavouring to 'engender and fouler. I hated to believe that 1 was about to he awakened aiid 'distrusted, and sol mive credence to none of the idle rumours I heard iibout'thc " bright particular star " of the Opposition going over to the Trea sury. I would rather have believed that Venus was about to traverse her recent transit, or that Btondiu had taken Sir Roger out of Atillhank, under nrticlcs of apprenticeship to him as a tight-rope dummy. And where nm I now with the hero of my idolatry stripped of his trim mings nnd exposed to my view as a mere shuffler of the cards, n time-server, nnd a renegade ? Why, lam lost in specula tion us to who' will be the next candidate I'm young Tasmania's homage, ami in sur mise as to the amount of vciiccriug and effrontery iu which he will need to he en cased who next assumes tlie role of champion of wide principles and advocate ri cms,- can he so easily dispensed with and ignored when place nnd pay are brought to bear as indnccmeut to part compuny with them. Who is " Quip ? " It might, perhaps, be more proper to ask, what is Quip ? Where- ever I go the eminently suggestive mono syllable meets my gaze, and 1 am at a loss to know who the individual is who imagines it is worth his while to go about writing "Quip" mi all the walls and window shutters of the cily. I should not he so much surprised at the persever ance, or so assured of the ubiquity ol the Quip sprite iff only saw the word iu pub lic places— on the pavements, on the fences, and on the church doors. But when 1 come to discover it written, iu the very same handwriting, on the head of a sugar beer barrel down In the depths of tlie excavations beneath tny dwelling, the key or which 1 always carry in my pocket, I can hut conceive that sonic supernatural agency is at work. When our "Mary" emptied a shovel which shalmd filled with coals ou tlie previous evening, and saw written, in fresh chalk, on the back of it the weird word " Quip," she was even more astonished thun myscif, and succeeded so well in connecting the vtrnngc circum stance with the. itlca of tlie Sandy Bay ghost, that my family is m an uproar of supplication to me to leave a previously comfortable home, nnd to go out into the W lIUUniUiiH <H IKIllaUa UIUMIIU IO MUCK SI fresh habitation, and a sanctuary, if pos- h hie, from the intrusion of Quip. Flic plea is strengthened by the fact that the shibboleth has been discovered inside tlie piano, o'n the back ot m 7 arm chair, and on the bottom of an old Wellington hoot which was pulled out the other morning from the base of a heap of domestic debris piled up ill a cupboard that has uot been used for the lust eighteen months. The case is so strong against remaining that I am determined to shift my quarters next week if a public appeal, which 1 now make to the ever-present Qaip, does not serve to restrain hint in his mania for sup plying an autograph in so very general and particular a manner that may, under seine circumstances, he considered more free than welcome. Vox . 