TALES AND SKETCHES. A GHOST STORY. About five and fifty years ago, I was present at a very pleasant dinnerparty, whereat the subject of ghosts came on the tapis: " Do I believe in ghosts ?" exclaimed a very old gentleman;^ "why, of courpe do,*' continued he; "the word ghost in the Saxon language means spirit-, therefore, a spirit is a ghost; and for the existence of spirits we liave an authority j j n " lmm "I entirely trust.. He said i ( A spirit hath not flesh and bones ye see me have.' These things being so, I must of necessity believe in ghosts : that is to say,' must believe tbat such things are. But, when I bear tell of any one of thein in particular, I like to be thoroughly informed respecting it. I insist upon bearing lion- the ghost exhibited itself. My reason lor being so particular is a doubt which I experience respecting some of these stories. If every account of a ghost could be relied upon, I should not have the smallest difficulty. Let the facts of the case be stated, in order that I may judge : that is all I ask for." " I will not further preface the ghost story which 1 mvM-ll'ain about to tell you. The facts <•{ it are all of them entirely to be depended upon, for the ir.irrn1.ir of them was n person of tile high, st character for tiuth. I became acquainted with him when I was a very young man; and that was no' yesterday, nor the day before it. He was a very old general officer in the service of the Honorable East India Company, and spoke as follows :— " Very many years IIJJO, I proceeded to join my regiment, which was at thai time stationed at one of our old.sl settlements. Inquiring a place to liviin, I was not very particular, and was a good dial annoyed to find that then w^a hut one hou.-c in il.c market, and that so large as iJ he Liiliiely beyond my means. I attended the sale of it, having nothing else to do, but the idea of purchasing so fine a house never entered mv mind. " Hie "" house was >I UA put IJUV up, U JJ, and ILLLU I 1 ob- UIJserved that there was » great backwardness to hid for it, and moreover not a little laughter. It appeared to me that the .luct'oneer was the only real bidder. Of course all tbe other officers were already provided with houses, and nobody bnt myself stood in need ot tbis one. It belonged to a widow lady who had left the station, and it was desiraole that, however small tbe ^ T ^ T ' - ^ r T ^ S U sum t " »'h,ch the house might fetch, the poor proprietress should get the benefit of it To make a long story short, the house was knocked down to me ! and I became the butt of much congratulation, in reference to my very singular and interesting residence ; and, in the end, it leaked out that the place was haunted. " T could not very well afford to lose my money, and I was not deterred from occupying the house, notwithstanding the ghost-stories that were current respecting it. Other men, much braver than myself, had occupied the house in the mere spirit of adven turc, in order to befriend the fair proprietress ; hut it was of no use : the house really was haunted, and so nothing could be done. " After earnestly begging the officers of the statiun to play off no fun upon me, a thing which they readily and kindly promised, f had my small cauip-bed carried over into the place, together with a small table, chair, and lamp. Placing these into a small bedroom, 1 laid my loaded pistols and my sabre by my side. The lamp was well replenished with oil. I had a bottle of wine upon the table, and a very amusing book in my hand, and thus equipped, I Degan my adventure into the hours of darkness. " How it came about I really do not know, but a feeling of drowsiness crept over me, and I, who ought to have retained all my powers of watchfulness, fell asleep I " lawoke by a noise, which was caused by the falling of my la.up from off the table, after which I became aware of some one's presence in the room. I shouted very loudly that 1 would fire my pistols, and immediately after this threat there was a shuffling noise upon the floor, and the room was lelt in silence for a time. Shortly afterwards the same shuffling noise was heard. It approached my bed, and clammy hands were laid upon my legs. I oould stand it no longer ! I tried to shout that I would fire, but I could make no articulate sound of warning ; and jumping up. 1 discharged my pistols, drew my sword, and rushed in pursuit of my enemy, until 1 felt a terrific knock-down blow upon the forehead ; and, having received this stunning blow, I lay senseless until the morning. My servants (who were not afraid of ghosts by daylight) found me lying in a pool ol blood, in a somewhat low entrance into a veranda, the upper part of which little doorway was marked with my hlood. Inside of the veranda there lay two large sows and their Jitters. (Jn examining the circumstances of their locomotion, it would have required a very determined sceptic to refuse to believe that they had been the ghost ol the preceding evening. It is my opinion that all ghost stories would be true, without one single exception, provided the facts-relating to them were entirely told. The house was cleaned out, the ..---.— ,— P'S 8 wcre sent to their own proper places, and 1 never afterwards heard a single word against tbe Louse, M.M.S. 