V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. Tne weather to-day was glorious — a fine sunshiny morning, but unaucom paniod by depressing heat. As a con-- stquenoe, the attendance on the Fiem- mgton course was good, and the varied and elaborate toilets of the Indies, as nsual, made tho grand-stand and lawn conspicuous, while od the Hill and the Flat crowds were assembled to enjoy themselves after their own fashion. Victorians dearly love jumping races, and the fact of the first item of the bill of fare being a hurdle raoe had the effect of inducing an earlier attendance than might otherwise have been the case. The bookmakers and listkeepers ware plying their vocations as indus triously as usual in the saddling pad dock and on the hill, but their general complaint was the slackness of business, very litle money compared with the usual i amount of post betting, being in the market. This principally, arose from the chief event of the day, the Leger, being looked upon as a foregone con clusion for -Mr. Tait's grand Panic colt; while in the two year old race, the Ascot Vale Stakes, the fact of the pen being put through Canterbury's name bad a paralysing effeofc on speculation, Dir. Wi'son's Maid of all Work (on which, having bred her himself, his stable is particularly sweet) going to the front in the betting so hotly aB to compel the metallicians to oiose their books on her, nothing else being fancied. From a " betting" point of view, therefore, things were really, as one bookmaker expressed it, rather unsett'ed, and per haps it is well that they should be so. But the great heart of the body oor- Dorate m-esent — those who came thern to enjoy themselves, did se to the fullest extent ; eating, drinking, laughing, and in many instances flirting, with a most sublime indifference ls to whether Mr. Fisher had the ghost of a chance of seeing the white and bluo spots first past the post for tho youngsters' raoe, or Dr Bathe's Stock- bridge in the Lsger avenge his defeat by Melbourne last meeting. The luncheon, as usual, was provided by Air Gunsler, and was, as is also usual with that princo of caterers, aprved in first-class style. The arrangements for tho meeting were very care fully and creditably made by Mr Bigot. Asa procf of bow deeply the manly game of cricket has taken root here, wc may mention that the Inter colonial match was almost the sole engrossing topic of conversation, and wagers to a considerable extent were made between partizans of the respec tive colonies, in the intervals between the races. Even the disastrous affair of the Gothenburg paled its ineffectual fire before the cricket match. The following were figured on the board as struck out for the respective events : — Hurde Race — Sir William Den. Ascot Vale Stakes. — Snowden oolt; Gladstone colt; Spark, Attrac tion, My Idea, Mary Giadstane. Erunsavick f takes — Imperial, Follidori, Kettledrum, Eclipse. St. Lk0Er Stakes. — All scratched except Town Talk, Stookbridge, Mel bourne, and Lion. ! HURDLE RAOE- A handicap sweepstakes of 5 eovs. oaob, h It., with 100 added. About three miles. Welshman ... I Gunter ... 2 ' W. F. ... ... (dis) Time — o mins. 58secs. i -pl:- 1 ij tit -ci -1U13 was u npieuuiu rnue. vv jl-. and Welshman led all the way, but the former gained on the son of Cam bria at the finish, nnd won by three I lengths. Unfortunately, he dropped j hi3 weight, cloih opposite to the 1 stand, and was, consequently, disqualified. The horses were there fore placed as above. Much sympathy was felt for W. F.'s ownar, as the race was a moral for the horse . After the Hurdle Rio i was run, the boards showed the following scratch- ings : — Ascot Vaie Stakes, Grace Rose- berry ; Brunswick Stakes, The Drum mer; St. Leger, Leopold. Betting oven on the Maid fcr the nc-xo race. THE AS COT- VALE STAKES. A sweepstakes of 20sovs, each, h. ft., with 200 added. For two-yoar-olds. Three, quarters of a milo. Maid of All Work I Tho Painter 2 Turn of the Tide 3 Time lmin. ldsccs. Maid of A'l Work led throughout, and won hands down with the greatest ease. BRUNSWICK STAKES. A nnudioap sweepstakes of a sovs. oaen, tc. , with 150 added. For three year- old and upwarde. Ono mile and a quarter. Calumny 1 Lurlino 2 Benjiroo ... ... 3 Time .' 2miu. lisec. A splendid race, and desperate finish. Won by a length and a half, The Planet Mars is now a fine object for i observation. Ho rises about duo oast Boon after nightfall, aod paseoa tho meridian soon after midnight. At the Kyneton folioe Court (says tho Guardian) yesterday, a man nsmod Denis Fiizpatrick, was charged with tho serious cri;no of housebreaking, but tho investigation showed that although tho oflenoo hnd boen roally committed, tho Burruunding oircum- ttnnoas were rathor ludiorous than orimiual, A Mrs. UoBkin-, tbo wife a minor at Laurie- t-.n, lift hcrhou30 on Thursday, leaving no one behind, locking th--- door, aud taking tho key with hor. When she returned, she fiuiud j thu door burst op;u,aurt gving into hor parlor ! ebo dieooverad tne prieon-a- seated at tho tablo ! With everything there was to cat in tho houso ! spread out heforo him. Tho man was ovi- denlly very drunk, and Mrs. HosiUue gave j him a goad threshing, nnd luraad him out of I tho plsco Information was given to tho polioe, and prisoner was afterwards arrested, when it was ascertained that two ptng3 of tobaooo had boen etolon, aad two of tho bamo description woro found in prisoner's possession. Mrs. Hoskius wopt most oo;-i- |" oti3ly when giving her ovidbuoo yestorday, ! though the reasons for hor toars did not transpiro. Prisoner mado no dofenco, and was committed for trial. 