ff THE YACHT RACE. . To The EDITOR OF THEB HERALD. Sir, - One of the Crew of the Mistral " having given you his views on the recent match between his vessel and the "Magic", it may be interesting to the public to have an opinion on the same from the deck of the latter vessel. I may first assure you that we would have borne our honours in becoming silence, leaving an impartial public to judge of the merits of the race, but for the attempt on the part of one of the defeated crew to sully our victory. I would further premise by stating that we worked the "Magic" with a full and earnest desire to test the sailing of our craft on her merits alone, in the true spirit of devoted yachtsmen, and believing our opponents to be actuated by the same motive; but I regret to say we found our confidence misplaced ere the contest was well begun. The case is this: Both yachts were off Blue's Point - the Mis- tral well to windward - and stood off on the port tack, the Mistral bearing a full point or more off the wind, and close on the Magic's weather side, and running her - though warned to go about - into shallow water off the red buoy: so shallow indeed that she stirred up the mud with her keel. Mistral denies any pressure on their part. Why, Sir, both vessels were hove in the wind's eye to clear the buoy, and to pretend that the two most weatherly boats in these waters could only reach the red buoy from Blue's Point simply puts "One of the Crew of the Mistral" out of court, for no doubt many eyes at the time witnessed even open skiffs making a more weatherly course across than Mis- tral leads your readers to suppose he could have done. I therefore thus early in the race impeach the Mistral with violating the 54th and 65th clauses of the rules of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, which say: "Any yacht bearing away or altering her course to lee- ward, provided there is no obstruction, thereby compelling another vessel to go out of her course, shall forfeit all claim to the prize." "That if two yachts be standing towards the shore, or towards any vessel or other obstruction, and the yacht to leeward be likely to ran aground or foul of such vessel or obstruction, and be unable to go about without coming into collision with the windward yacht, the latter shall, on being hailed by the owner of the leeward yacht, or the person acting for him, at once go about, the yacht so hail ing to tack at the same time." You may ask, why did you not luff round and into the Mistral, and thus disqualify her? My reply is, we had every right to do so; but, in the first place, in all pro- bability, we would have damaged ourselves, and thus handed the prize over to the Alick; and, in the second place, the desire which actuated us as above stated, pre- vented our taking this no doubt lawful course. Now, Sir, to deal with the Mistral's complaint against Magio hauling her jib- sheet to starboard. I beg to assure you it is simply a bit of bad temper showing itself on the part of the beaten crew, who only discovered too late the better seamanship of their opponents, and at a time when they could not avail themselves of the example set them, without taking an outside course, and hence a greater circle round Bradley's. " Mistral" says - "Running up before the wind the Magic shifted her balloon jib over to wind ward and some of her crew kept them extended so as to fill with the wind on the opposite side to the mainsail;" and further on - "The excuse given was," &c.; Believe me, if ever we are unfortunate enough to commit an error in sailing we will freely admit it, and not require " One of the Crew of the Mistral" to make it known to the public. My statement of the case is simply this:- An agreement was made between the owners of the respective yachts that they should sail with fore and aft sails alone." Our yacht at the time of shifting the rope in question - jib sheet - was dead before the wind, our boom was frequently coming home (so directly aft was the wind), our balloon jib was bagging to starboard, our boom out to port; we, with the instinct of sailors, passed the balloon jib sheet where the sail set to best advantage - that is to starboard, not to windward, as stated for us by the Mistral. We hold that we had every right to extend with our hands, even to standing on the gunwale to do so, but our extension was simply a» follows: - One of our crew sitting in the waist with his face inboard, had a "reminder" on the back of his head that there was a sheet flapping behind him; as he sat he caught hold of it, when a pettish remon- strance came from the Mistral, and a request from our owner to remove the hand objected to, with the observation, .' Don't give them the ghost of a chance to raise an objec- tion." Now, Sir, if there was a sheet on the wrong side of our ship, it was the main-boom sheet as much as the jib sheet; and had the main-boom carried out its oft-repeated threatenings to come over to port, we should have at once passed our balloon-jib in the opposite direction, or, in other words, would have set our "fore and aft canvas" to the best advantage, running dead before the wind. Now, Sir, to decide which crew are soldiers and which sailors, 1 propose to submit the matter to the Prince Alfred Yacht Club, and will confidently accept their decision. Before concluding, I am anxious to express my desire, and I believe that of my shipmates, that we may in the future have many as hard a tussle for victory as the one under consideration. We think we can place the Vice- Commodore's flag in the van, but we must confess we should like to see his senior officer's colours at the con- tending masthead, when we feel assured no unseemly difference would arise. Finally, we beg to assure "One of the Crew of the Mistral " that, when we have to accept a thrashing, we will do so with a cheerful spirit and a good grace. Your most obedient servant. AN A.B. OF THE MAGIC. 