SMITH'S ASSYRIAN DISCOVERIES. From the Saturday Review. Fob'uarv 6.1 The results of Mr. George Smiths recent explorations of the mounds of Nineveh aud Babylon have been such as amply to reward the enterprise in which they had their origin. as well as to widen indefinitely the prospects of future research among the same heaps of buried lore. The object of his mission was not so much any addition to monumental or artistic collections, in which the museums of Europe are already, rich, as the accumulation of fresh materials relating to the language, the literature, and the history of the country. In particular* great hopes had been kindled by the discovery of the series of cylinders and tablets embodying the early Babylonian legend of the Deluge, the chronicles of Esarhaddon, Assurbanipal, Sargon, and other monarchs, and of the mass of lore bearing upon the science and art of those remote ages yielded by the fortunate disinterment of the royal library or record chamber by Mr. Layard. Never, perhaps, was anticipation more satisfactorily fulfilled than when Mr. Smith lighted, as by a happy instinct, upon tho tablets which largely fill up the blanks in the Izdubar or Deluge series, originally deciphered by him from the clay fragments in the British Museum. We hardly know whether be is most to be envied the joy of the primary discovery, or tho subsequent triumph which he must have felt when bit by bit the new-found relics fitted into each tantalizing gap. Mr. Smith has told the story of his early essays in cuneiform interpretation, and of the expeditions since undertaken by him for the managers of the Daily Telegraph and the Trustees of the British- Museum, with a modesty of tone as well as with a power of clear and straightforward description such as greatly enhance the charm which the tale of his researches must possess for every reader of thought and taste. Mr. Smith makes the import of his recent dis coveries all the clearer by means of a short summary of the successive steps in the progress of the archaeology of Assyria, from the date of M. Botta's first breaking ground- in. 1842 at Kouyunjik and at Kharsabad, and from Grote fend's discovery of the key to the deciphering of the Persian cuneiform writing, which in the hands of Rawlinson, and of a band of skilled and zealous co-operators in this country and on the Continent, has unlocked so many of the mysteries which not long ago seemed Impene trable. To the list of valuable historical and linguistic memoirs thus accumulated Mr. Smith himself, not long after the time of his taking up this department of research, contributed a new text upon the tribute paid by Jehu to Hazael, fixing the war in the 18tn year of Shalmanezer II., to whose reign be one's the obelisk of black stone, now in tbo British Museum, upon which the event is inscribed. The history of Assurbanipal was his next work of importance, followed by in teresting readings from the annals of Tiglath Pileser, bringing in notices 0f Azariah. King of Judah, of Pekah and Hosea, Kings of Israel. The earlist date yet brought to light among the inscriptions was found by him in 1863, in the record of a conquest of Babylonia by the Elamites 1635 years before the subjugation of Elam by Assurbanipal, or 2230 B.C. In the next year, amongst other curious discoveries of his was a religious calendar of the Assyrians, to which ho abstains from assigning a date, in which every month is divided into four weeks, and the seventh days, or Sabbaths, are set down as days on which no work should be done. Young as Mr. Smith was in labour of this kind he had already done the work of a veteran, when in January, 1873, he left England to carry on the process of searching for more of those hidden treasures of the past. Six weeks' rapid travelling by way of Marseilles aud Alexan dretta, and thence on horseback through Aleppo and across the snowy ranges of Karajah Dagh, the incidents of which, though not striking in themselves, are graphically and agreeably told, brought him face to face with those mysterious mounds which he had so long yearned to see. To strike into them was not so easy a matter, the place of the indispensable fit man being inadequately filled by tho commis sion of the Daily Tcugraph. The local pasha forbade his even looking at the ruins, nor was the aid of the obliging French consul more effec tual. There being no representative of our own at Mosul Mr. Smith resolved on journeying to Baghdad, trusting himself down stream to a crazy raft of wooden logs upborne by inflated skins. He thus had the opportunity of inspect ing by the way the ruins of Kalah Sherga*, the site of the city of Assur, the capital of Assyria as early as the nineteenth century B.C., whose grandeur gradually paled from the fourteenth century onwards before the rising greatness of Nineveh. From Baghdad he made an excur sion to the ruins of Babylon— much too short, indeed, for his inclinations, feeling as he did. that here was tho older and richer country, far less worked than Assyria, and that here he would much rather set himself to excavate. He takes the occasion of his three days' survey to give us a short sketch of the history of Babylon, which wo hear with regret is gradually disappearing, a regular trade in the ancient bricks being carried on by the natives. The Izdubar in scription supplies the earliest mention of the city, the Babylonian monarchy being formed at that time by the union of a number of small states. The date of the great range of buildings combining the temples of Merodach and Zirat banit, with the accompanying ziggurrat or tower called the ' house of the foundation of heaven and earth,' is lost in obscurity. They were restored at a very early period by a king named Agu or Agukak-rimi, and again by Hammurabi, who made Babylon the capital of the whole country some where in the sixteenth century B.C. The lately- recovered annals record a series of captures by the Assyrian monarchs and of subsequent revolts, the city reaching its highest pitch -of magnificence under Nebuchadnezzar, passing into the hands of the Medes and Persians, under Cyrus, 539, B.C., and from the time of Alexander the Great gradually sinking into its present state of utter ruin. Armed at last with the needful firman, Mr. Smith posted back to Nineveh, taking a flying . glance at Ervil, the- Arbela of old, where Alexander defeated Darius, and where much - might be looked for from excavation. It was at the temple of Nebo that he began operations. This site had at some time served as a granary, a large tunnel driven into the mound being found packed -with, grain black and rottea from age. The eastern and southern portions of the mound have been dug through and through since the fall of Assyria for burying purposes, and coffins of all shapes and sizes were met with, yielding beads, nogs, and other ornaments, some of the time of Alexander. Amidst a mass of mis- cellanecus rubbish at the palace of Sennacharib on May 15, the welcome fragment turned up containing the 15 lines which Mr. Smith had conjectured to be wanting in the Chaldean account of the Deluge. In the same mass were found inscribed tablets of much historical value, the fragment of a curious syllabary in four columns, sundry ornaments, and a magnificent throne of crystal, too much broken, unfortu nately to be copied. To Mr. Smith's great dis. appointment his report of these triumphant results was followed by a message calling him home. He reached England early in June. It was not without many a difficulty with the Turkish authorities that the valuable collection of relics amassed during this brief but well- spent interval of toil at length reached their present abiding-place in the British Museum. As the sun roee on the first day of 1874 Mr. Smith once more with a shout of joy rode into Mosul, this time in the interest of the Trustees of the British Museum, who had set aside £1,000 for the prosecution of further researches under the power of the firman, which held good till the 9th or 10th of March. Vexatious disputes on the part of the Turkish officials compelled him to limit his operations entirely to the mound of Kouyunjlk. It was chieriy ia and around the library chamber of Sennacherib, not half the contents of which he had from the first believed to have been exhausted by Mr. Layard, that he met with his great successes. More than 8.000 fragments of inscribed tablets were here picked up, the positions in which they were found inducing the conviction that they had fallen from a chamber situated on the upper story of the palace. A curious lintel of stone, six foot in Ilength, the first of its kind met with in Assyria, of which a good photograph is given, vas disinterred here, and amongst other articles of ornament or use a two-pronged fork in breeze. Nothing had been previously known cf the existence of forks in times bo remote. They are first heard of as articles of luxury brought by a Greek princess from Constantinople to Venice at the end of the 11th century of our era. Another relic of rare interest is the frag' ment of an astrolabe, which helps, in combina tion with the newly-found astronomical tablets, to throw much light supplementary to what Mr. Sayce has given us upon the Babylonian division of the heavens and the names of the fixed stars. The sky was divided into four regions, the passage of the sun through these marking the four sea sons of the year. Of the principal fragment Mr. Smith gives a translation, retaining as ' month' and ' day' the accepted equivalents of the ori ginal signs, yet reserving his belief that for ' day' we should read a degree of the heavens, ard for 'month' a sign of the zodiac. The Assyrian year, like the Jewish, consisted of 12 lunar months, adjusted to the solar year by iha occasional intercalation of a month, the time for which was decided by watching for what was called the 'star of stars' to be just in advance of the sun when it crossed the vernal equinox. Mr. Smith has now been enabled to fix approxi mately, and in some cases to identify, about 30 of the principal stars. Four of these are given on the fragment of the astrolabe— the itars Orbat and Addil in Scorpio, and the stars Nibut-anu and Udkagaba, in Sagittarius. The star Nibat anu has hitherto been erroneously taken for a planet. The heavens and the year were repre sented by the circular form of the astrolabe, the circumference of which was divided into 12 parts, the number of degrees ia each being marked. Ludde these there were 12 other envisions nearer the Pole, forming a second and inner circle, the leading prominent star being inserted in each of the 24 divisions. The fact that in the tablet the four quarters of the heavens do not commence wita the new year leads Mr. Smith to enquire whether the precession of the equinoxes had shifted since the first settlement of Babylonian astronomy. How regularly reports were sent in from the observatories established m most of the large cities appears from a tablet found in the palace of Sennacherib, recording the observations by Abil-istar of the eclipse of the moon in the city of Akkad. The Flood series of legends, expanded and corrected by the light of the new texts, assumes a far more characteristic aspect than it exhibited in its more broken and fragmentary state. The name of Izdubar, which Mr. Smith's earliest reading inclined him to connect with records, was, he allows, nothing more than a makeshift. He is now disposed to identify this hero with the Nimrod of Scripture. The legends them selves he would refer to the time of the early Babylonian empire, more than 2,000 year b.c. The hero, a mighty hunter or giant, gained rule over the district round Babylon, driving out some tyrant who ruled over Erech, and adding this region to his kingdom. He destroyed a monster which laid waste the land, and received at his court the great seer or astrologer Heabani, aided by whom he subdued the chiefs Humbaba and Belesu, killed the ' divine bull' and reigned over all the valley of the Euphrates and Tigris, from the Persian Gulf to the mountains of Armenia. Heabani is now killed by an unknown wild animal named 'tamabukku,' and Izdubar, stricken with some disease, apparently leprosy, resorts to the seacoast, where he meets with the deified hero who escapes the Flood. The new fragments from Kaa yunjik give to this hero the name of ' Hasisadra,' the orgin of the Xisithrus of Berosus and Herodotus. Hasisadra tells the story of the Flood differing in many particulars from the narrative of the Bible, and betokening an earlier version. Other inscriptions refer to the Flood, one of the oldest mentioning the 'City of the Ark,' which, in the Izlubar series is named 'Surippak.' On certain cylinders and gems Izdubar is depicted in his boat One striking peculiarity of the legend is the making the Ark a regular ship, which is launched into the sea, and navigated by boatmen. This is the tradition of a sea faring people, or of a people familiar with such floods as might befall at the mouth of a great river like the Euphrates. The Bible narrative is that befitting an inland people, and the ark is a coffer or chest, in no true sense a ship. The twelfth tablet of the series, telling of the raising of Heabani to heaven, is the most important of all, as showing the early Babylonian belief in heaven and hell, with the existence of the soul after death. The region of the blessed is called ' Samu,' and is presided over by 'Anu,' the supreme celestial god. Hell, besides other titles, is called ' Matnude,' 'Iskalli,' or ' Arali,' and is ruled by Hea, the god of the ocean and infernal regions, corresponding to Pluto the lord of Hades. The descent of Ishtar into Hades furnishes a fine passage, descriptive of the dark regions below. From a speech addressed apparently to Heabani by bis ghost or vadukka, it would seem as if the Babylonians believed in a spirit or soul in man distinct from himself, the soul of Heabani being released at the command of Hea and rising to Heaven. How far apart this prominence of the spiritual side in man and of a belief in the after-life is from the Mosiac representation need scarcely be pointed out. The fact lends support to the conviction of which Mr. Smith speaks as held by the majority of Assyrian scholars, that the civilization, literature, and mythology of Meso potamia were not the work of a Semitic but of a totally different people, who were sub sequently conquered by the Semitic tribes, the conquerors imposing their own language upon the conquered, but adopting the mythology the laws and literature of their subjects. To this race the name of 'Akdad' has been provision ally given, a city of that name being mentioned in genesis (x. 10) as one of the capitals of Nimrod, and having been identified by Mr. Smith with Agadi, the capital of Sargon. This race has been supposed by many scholars to have affinities with the Turanian stock, which holds a prominent place in certain systems of primitive ethnology, but which, critically speaking, stands fcr little more than a general name for those early races to which no more definite standing is to be assigned in the pedigree of- nations. How far back into the mythical past we may be enabled by further discoveries to penetrate must remain a matter for speculation. Enough, how ever, has now been recovered to establish fixed points of chronology upon the border-land of fable, whence fresh inroads may be looked for into the region of the unknown. Thus before this part of his enquiries was taken up by Mr. Smith the names of no more than 23 Kings of Babylonia prior to L.C. 747 were known from the inscriptions. The list now given by him shows the advance made in the history and chronology of these early kingdoms. For the period before the flood the inscriptions exhibit not a few points of contact with the canon of Berosus, and definite dates seem attainable for the Elamite kings as early as 2,280 b.c, of whom Chedorlaomer (Gen. xiv.) was one ; the historical kings of Assyria dating from Ismi-dagan, b.c. 1850. A treaty of Kari indas, King of Babylonia, with Assyria, bears date 1450 in Mr. Smith's list The succession of Assyrian kings is fuller and clearer than that of the Babylonian, though not extending back so far. To account, indeed, for the rise of a civili zation, literature, and government such as we can trace existing in Babylonia 2,000 years before the Christian era, calls for an extension of history to a range of time compared with which the growth of Egypt itself seems recent Among the miscellaneous texts of a minor kind which the newly-acquired inscriptions have supplied are curious fragments upon geography, natural history, witchcraft, evil spirits, laws, contracts, and official despatches. One tablet, which Mr. Smith has had photographed, gives a fine hymn to Light, partly in the Turanian, partly in the Assyrian language. Another, sadly broken, has contained a Babylonian account of the creation; and a third, more perfect, is taken up with a strange story of the seven wicked gods or spirits. There is the deed of sale of the enclosure Bahai, near the City of Lahiru, upon the Elamite frontier, with the names of the parties and the seal of the Gover nor Ner-gal-ilia, late in the reign of Eaarhaddon, ac. 670; and the sale of a girl, Anadlati, daughter of Sayaradu, by a woman named Dahya, belonging to the palace of Sen nacherhib, b c. 687. Some of the syllabaries and bilingual texts are of great value to students of the languages, and the rich ness of the collection at large is such as to excite an ardent longing for the results which might be expected from a more pro longed and systematic exploration of the site. 