MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. At the meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, held on January 25th, Sir Henry Rawlinson, who presided, said many presetit would remember that he had in. formed the society on the opening night of the session that two young engineer officers -Messrs. Watson and Chippendale-had left England during last soummer'to join Colonel Gordon in the Lake regions of the Upper Nile. The duties of 'thbo ofiloors were to be exclusively exploration and survey, and the council and himself readily acceded to the request to furnish themr with instruments and such information as was required. He had now the pleasure of Informing the meeting that those young officers had safely arrived at Gondokoro, and that no time had been lost by their chief in setting them to work. According to letters received since the last meeting of the soclety, they reached Gondokoro on the 14th November, and were ordered before the end of the month to proceed to explore Lake Albert Nyanza, a small steamer built for the purpose having been previously conveyed to Duffle, a station above the Falls which obstructed navigation between Gondokoro and the Lake. Colonel Gordon, in a letter dated November 18th, reported that Messrs. Watqon and Chippendale were then testing theirlinstruments preparatory to their important journey, in conjunction with M. Linant, another member of the expedition, who was under orders to proceed to the "Somerset" Nile of Speke and the Victoria Nyanza.--Tinies. Tux MrSTIC Fzouvac.-We cannot fail to observe how all things exist In tripliclty; how naturally, when things are shaped, they becomo triads. Mysterious trinities exist everywhere. May not all forms have existed in the triangular? 'Are not all forms angular, before they become circular? The triangle we know to be the most conm. pleto of all geometrical figurre, and we would wish to impross that truism upon the attention of the pupils who contedplate attending the class recently formed in con nection with the Melbourne Industrial and 'ToIhnological Museum, on elonntary, mathematical, and g'ometricoll ?claiuce, As there w'e thron sidtl to a t.rinlllel, a there are th'oe sHlln to all thingRs. \lWhen the worldt'lbs cireated, we find htuld, wtteur, and sky l--ad, moon, Iand stu1r, Narhl had but thr)o sons-.-hon, TTlu, nund Japhot. Jouah was three days ia the whale's belly, Jesus was, three days 'in the tomb. Poter denied tli'" Saviour'" threo times. The patriarch's-those squatters in Palestine--I were 'thfd'e"in 'nimber- Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Abraham entertained three angels. 'Samuel was ealled three times. "Simon, lovest thou meP" was repeated three times. Daniel was thrown into a den with three lions, for praying three times a day. Throee of the saints, Shadrach, Meshoch, and Abednego; were rescued from the flames of a burning fiery furnace. The tonicomniandments were delivered' on the' third day. 'Job had three friends-Eliphaz, Bildad,! and Zophar. St. Paul speaks of faith, hope, 'and 'charity-' " these' three." Those 'famous 'dreams of the baker and butler wore to come to pass in three days. The prophet Elijah " prostrated himself three times on the. body of a dead child. Samson deceived Delilah three times, before' she' discovered the source of his strength. The sacred letters on the cross are I.H.S.; so also the Roman motto was composed' of:three words, "In hoc signo." There are three conditions for man-earth, heaven, and hell. There is, likewise; the Holy Trinity-Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. There are' three Graces in mythologyj . Cerberus with his three heads';' Neptune 'holding his three-staffed trident; the Oracle of Delphi cherished with veneration the tripod; and the nine muses sprang from, three.. In nature, we have, male, female, and offspring; besides morning,' noon, and night. Trees group their leaves in'tlirees. The 'clover is three leaved. We have fpli~, flesh, and fowl. St. Patrick 'illustatoed the mystic trinity by holding 'up the three-leaved shamrock. What cobld be done in mathematics with out the: aid' of' the triangle ?' In logic, three premises are indispensable; "Three is a lucky 'number," is a common phrase.' Rory O'More kissed :Kathleeoon Mavournoen three times. 