Bible Christian. District Meeting- j I [Condensed from the Ilcgu-tcrJ] The sittings of the annual meeting of the ministers and icpresentatives of the Bible Christiau Church in South Austraha commei.ceu on Wednesday. Feb. 10. in Adelaide. There was a large attendance of members. The Rev. J. Way, the ex- Chairman remarked 011 the sad event, that placed him'in the p.) i- tion in which he was then found —viz.. the sudden and unexpected death of the Rev. Jamts Asht >n. Chairman of the District. H • then cal ed upon the meeting to elect a succc-sor, and Rev. Thomas Piper was appoint id by a large inajorit3 T . The following reso'urii n was moved by 1I13 Rev. T. Al en: —That this meeting record its deep sense of the loss we a.id the Connexion have sustained in the death of the late Chairman, the Rev. James Ashton. With his departure for a nobler sphere of existence we are personally sincerely conscious that we have not only lost, a worthy fellow-laborer, but a man of good henrt and wise counsels. We would further express our deep sympathy with the widow ana bereaved children, awl we prav that God wnv supply that comfort and sustaining grace, that our poor humanity needs when bonds so deai are broken."' The resolution was passed by all the brethren standing for a few moments, tears flowing down many faces. The Rev. W. II. Hosking, of Victoria, who was present as a d putation from the sister Churches in t at colony, was introduced by the Chai man and most heartily received. Tho Rev. J. Raymont, who has been sent to this province by the English Conference, was cordially welcomed. In the evening the funeral sermon of the late Mr. Aslnon was preached by the Rev. T. Piper to a large and attentive congregation from 1 Thes. iv. 13-14 and 1 Cor. xv. 35 to 44 ; subject—"The resurrection body." SECOND DAY. The work of the District Committee duriug the past year came under review, and was passed. A circular received from the Connexional Com'i ittee at home, soliciting an expression of the views and feeVngs of this District Meeting as to the propriety of effecting a change in the Connexional name, was : ntroduced. and after a warm and interesting debate the retention of the present name was unanimous^7 decided upon. THIRD DAY. The English r orrespondence was read, and a resolution was passed requesting the English Conference to take the necessar3 r steps for forming a South Australian Conference. A scheme was submitted .,3* the Rev. J. Thorne to establish a fund for the relief of burdened trust estates. This occupied the whole session, and with a little modification was adopted. FOURTH SESSION. The Pastors' reports of the spiritual state of their circuits were read, and the meeting went into Committee to consider them. A lengthy and interesting discussion followed, in which Revs. J. Hancock, O. Lake. J. Thorne. J. Rock, J. Stoyel. R. Kelley, C. Tresise. T. McNeil, W. H. Hosking. and Messrs. W. Radford and J. Sjmions took part. The following resolution was then adopted : — •• That in reviewing the spiritual state of the District we feel there is reason for humility before God. Whilst there is a delightful I unity among the ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies, sweet seasons of blessi„ gs have been realised bv us in the preaching of ^ the - Word, , ma y sinners . having .V been converted, sixty-four" persons have" been added to the number of ou- Society, yet we feel we have not reached the point we desire. "We had h ped for larger accessions to the Church, and there are complaints in some directions of the neglect of the Lord's Supper and other social means of grace, and consequent barrenness of soul, so that we fee! earnestly to prav for a baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the power sent down from heaven, and from our hearts we still cry—' O Lord, revive thy work.' " Mr. J. Osborne, who has labored successfully during the yast ye r. was received as a candidate for the Ministry. A Committee, consisting of the Revs J Hancock, J. Trewin, C. Tres'se, and J. Thorne, Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symo"s, was appointed to draw up a scheme forthe'education of eligible young men for the ministry. FIFTH SESSION. On the motion of the I ev. T. Rock the followiug resolution of sympathy with the Rev. T. Allen, whose present state" of health necessitates at least a year's rest, was recorded—" \- hat we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Bro. Thomas Allen's health has so seriously failed that immediate and entire rest from mim5terial labor is necessary. We assure our dear bro'her of our deep and warm sympathy w th him in his severe affliction." and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means used for his restoration to health he may soon be perfectly restored, and resume his work amone-t us." After many expressions of regret at the affliction of Mr. Allen it was unanimously decided that he h ;ve a year's rest with a view to the recovery of his health. Kapunda Circuit asked that an extra minister be appointed salary rruaranteed. One lo be sent if possible. 'The Northern Areas aske • for at least one more. Another to be sent if possible. SEVENTH DAY. In pursuance of the instructions of ihe Sixth Session the Committee appointed to draw up a plan for the training of eligible young men for the ministry submitted their scheme. The consideration of the phm waearefully proceeded with and freely d: cussed, occupying a laree portion of t'io sj sion. After some modifier?'ons. on t motion of Dr. Campbell, the scheme vr unanimously adopted. O i the passing the resolution it was stated that two ort liyoung men were already available. The f< lowing res lution of the Auburn Quartei Meeting was next submitted:—That i surest to the District Meeting the advibi'ity of raising the minister's salary 1o £i «.nd tha* our representatives be instructed endeavor to tet such a law adopted bv t Distr ict Meeting." A very lengthy a spirited discussion followed, in which t Revs. J. Way. J. Hancock. J. Rock. C. T si=e. J. Thorne. J. Trewin. T. McNeil. Megs W. Radford, W. Robin W. Svmons. Coventry, W. Taylor, E. Gould." and I Campbell took part. The p'op'sition y adopted. A small amount of misctllanec business was then gone through. EIGHTH DAY. The con-ideration of the stations was p ceeded with, and occupied the whole of t mee ing. After one or two alter tions 1 list was finally p ssed as "ollows : - Adelaide—j. Way, Joh 1 Abraham Burr: Koorinea—Thomas Hillman. Kapunda—Jo-bua Fos'er; another. Gawier—Joseph Rock, J hn Raymont. Auburn—Thomas Piper ; another. Clarendon—James Sioyjjl. Mount Torrens—Willi m Wesley Finch Yanka 11' 11 a—Henry Mpj-cn. Port ElJiot —William Richards. Mount Lofty—Richard Lang. Bowden—Joseph ^lancoek ; Thos. All supernumerary; James Roberts and Jc Ridclift. superannuated. Rivrton—John Thorne. Kadina—Octavius Lake. Richard Kelley; Jas. Trewin. superannuat d. Port Augusta—Thomas McNeil. Robe—Charles Tresise. Port Wakefield—John Osborne. Broughton and Gladstone—John Dingle. NINTH DAY. A scheme for the adoption cf weekly contributions to defray the various expenses in working circuits and missions, such as Ministers' Stipend, Connexional.and other Funds, was submitted by Dr. Campbell : an after a spirited and an interesting discussion was unanimously recommended to the consideration of the quarterly meetings in each circuit. The Chapel Secretary, the Rev. R. Lang, presented h s repo t. which s owed that there are in the district SG chap Is and lo ministers' residenc s; pies nt debt. £17.188 16s. lid.; total income, £4G00 6s. 9d.; interest paid, £1000 15=. Sd„- ih bt paid off. £1(132 4s. 2d. Seven new chapels "rave been elected. It was unanimous 1 }' carried that thanks be presented to Mr. Lane for his services as Chapel Secretary, and that he be reappointed for the ensuing year. On the motion of the Rev. J. Trewin. the Rev. J. Hancock was appointed as a friendly deputation t 1 the Melbourne District Meeting of 187<>. and it was decided to send a duplicate cop}- of the minutes of this District Meeting to the Chairman of the Melbourne District, and it was trusted the time would come wheu an interchange of Ministers would be effected, agreeably to the tastes and feelings of the brethren, and contributing to the healthier workings of both districts. TENTH DAY. It. was decided that the English Conference be requested to appoint Rev. T Piper as Chairman of the Distri. i for 1S7G. An address was received from the Independent Order < f Good Templars, to which the following reply was sent:—" Gentlemen —We the members of the Bifele Christian District Meeting, cordially receive the address presented by you. We assure yon of our deep interest in the work in which you are engaged, believing as we do. that intemperance is one of the greatest h.ndrr.nces to our work, and the fruitful source of crime and misery. We trust that the Order w 1] spread and prosper, and that, however great the evil with which we contend, we shall be sustained by the righteousness of our cause, and the assurance that God will bless so divine a work." ELEVENTH DAY. Several grants were voted according to the extent of the funds of the Missionary Society to those Mission Stations requiring aid. District Committee—The Chairman and Secretary of the District. Revs. J. Wav, J. Hancock, J. Rock. R. Lang. J. Thorne" Dr. Campbell. Messrs. E.Gould and W. Lewis. Stationing Committee—Chairman and S -cretary of the District. Revs. J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Stoyel, J. Rock. R. Lang, and O. Lake. College Committee—Chairman of District—Revs. J. Hancock. O. Lake, and J. Tliome. Mr. S. J. Way (Treasurer), and Dr. Campbell (Secretary.) O11 the motion of the Rev. O. Lake, it was decided that ministers should be in their new Circuits by the first Sunday in April. The minutes were confirmed, and a pleasant and an important district meeting v,as closed by the Rev. T. Piper offering prayer. 