ODD, NOTES, i '},. ... By ji Bohemian. . I snoDLD like to have some explanation about the weather. There is generally eomo sort of weather about this time of the year, if you notioo ; but this yoar we havon't had two fine days together for tha last sis weeks or two months. I don't think tho Government Meteo rological Observer is altogether to blame, although he gets his money to al tend to the weather. I should' not like to Bay positively that anybody in particular is to blame, but thero are so many positive opinions being givon on tho Bubjeot that I am in a painful state of uncertainty. Kibono, who is an irreverent dog, ? nnd pretends to know everything, says it's the fault of tho parsons. Ho affirms in the most solemn mannor that they made suoh a olamour for rain a couple of months ago, that the clerk of tho weather went in a pet and turned the tap on, put something out of gear, and now he can't get it right again. Ho says he had the same misfortune with his beer barrel once, and lost eighteen gallons of tho beBt Toowoomba that ' Forkins has ever sent him. But thiB seemB bo wioked that I have my doubts about its truth. , . p BeBidos,. Kibono mixes his jokes with his seri- ^ 0113 statements so inextricably that ho very often ? don't know himself when he leavos the' region nf fnot to' thab of ilotluu, T am ^all the!*,::, more Bcoptioal about his weathor ,,' theory '. because he alwayB seems 'to havo an edge : on the parsons, and blames thom for everything -? disagreeable which ho cannot acoount for in - some other way— just like some sneaking cowardly rogues I know who are constantly doing something to be tubamed of, and then lay the whole blame on the Prinoe of Darkness. If the old chap ever gets fairly hold of these canting hypocrites — aj ho is pretty certain to do in tho long run — they'll catch slops for those foul slanders, and sorve thorn right. Poor old Softhond says its tbe opera troupe who caused all the ruin. He don't approve of operas' nor opera Bingers — Softhead don't ; and he has a firm and unalterable conviction that every* thing is dreadfully wiokr I that ho don't ap prove of personally. This is the fundamental article of Softhead's creed, and he would suffer martyrdom rather than give it up. He' takes notes of things which confirm him in his viewii and hurls these noteB at the heads of opponents with the most bewildering rapidity and persis tence. He says the prayers for rain wers answered right enough, and there was every promise of a fruitful summer, when this hor rible Signor Pompoi commenced to advertise in tho Brisbane papers bis intention to bring up an Italian Opera Company — people who are wic'ied enough to bring down a judgment on any town they visit — and then the floods commenced. Softhead don't understand foreign languages, but he assures me that Italian opera singers indulge in improper language, and give utterance to such atrocious sentiments in those operas, that thoy dare not have them transla ted . into plain English, for fear of being hooted : out of every place they viBit. He is delighted that the steamer City of Bris bane had such a terrible voyage with these people on board, and says it's just exaotly - what he expeoted from the first. When it was - announced that thoy would sing sacred mnnin at our School of Arts, on Good Friday night, he made sure that the vessel would never be spared to reaoh Brisbane ; but there wore a few righteous English people on board, and this is most likely the reason why Captain Knight was .. mercifully permitted to bring his ship safe to port — when it was too late for this blasphemous ant to be perpetrated. Softhead has prophesied that there will be no permanent ohange in the weathor until we see the back of these Italian singers. Singularly enough, he charges other people with blasphemy on the slightest provo cation, but considers himself moBt pious and reverential when ho most dogmatically assumes to kuow the whole designs of- Providence, and deals out itB judgments right and left with as little ' hesitation as he passes an opinion on the rela tive merits of Low and High Churoh sermons. I don't think that either Kibouo or Softhead are right about the cause of all this wet weather ; but who is to blame for it ? The Municipal Eleotion for the Valley Ward has been upset, I am credibly informed .that ? tho senior member for South Brisbane Ward ' has threatened to resign, and M'Master is again a candidate for tho Valley. If the lattor gefj in, and his old friend goes out, tlie Council will become as disgustingly respectable as was pre* , ' dieted of it, and there is no telling where this sort of thing will end. Who knowB but what ? the ratepayers may even be scandalized by the Municipal Council at last deoiding to have prayers read at the opening of their formal meetings. Perhaps they may go the length'of passing a byo-law imposing a fine for the use of ' profane language in debate, and excluding any Alderman who iuvites another to a bout of flati- - : cuffs as tho easiest and eimplost mode of con- ? vinoing him of his error on Bomq point of municipal government or administration. There .is 110 telliug, in fact, to what lengtliB the Puritan spirit may be carried if the ratepayers allow it ' to become predominant in the Counoil. All the vbtrong- ininded, conscientious, public-spirited, and hard-mouthed patriots deserting, and imoaly ?mouthed, Btraitlaced men taking their placoB, who unblushingly acknowledge to being guilty of. saying their prayers regularly, and \- some of thorn oven going tho length of being ?local preachers ! This will nover do, you know. -A oouncil composed of aldormon of thiB sort could never represent the bulk of the ratepayers properly. Thoy would bring Munioipal government, into utter and hopolosB oontompt. There is timo to prevent the mischief from boing done, nnd I do hope my warning will not be in vain. The Rov. Tweedlo Twaddle, who still oherishes the hopo of seeing his Ohuroh again tho Ohuroh of the State, says we can ' never expeot the oity to be prosperous if the ' dissenters' aro allowed to get the upper hand —and of course he knows. Douglas got licked at tho Darling Downs ' election, as I said he would from the first, but ho made it hot for the dummiers. Five pounds, or a miloh oow, or twenty ewes for a eicgle vote,' mind you, oomos awfully expensive in a big electorate like that, and suoh a large number of ? free and independent voters to oonviuce at suoh prices, nnd agents to pay for finding out and . . convincing obstinate voters in this manner, and having to tako tho baro word of such fellows as to how they spent the money. Certainly the amount would not be ruinous, beoauso the Darling Downs dummiers are wealthy men, a»d being awaro of tho important interests at Btala thoy ^onerously olubbod together to make up the , sum required so that Graham should not eufferia ? ? purse. And they managed to got the gratuitous help of most of the Roman Catholic priests of the district, who used their influence with tho Tdtors among their flocks, in aid of tho dummier's pandidate becauso lio promisod to vofee as they wished on tho education question. Douglas is not in favour of spending the money of the State to teach ohildron tho Roman Catholio,. Church of 'England, Presbyterian, Methodist or any other sectarian creed — and the Roman Catholio olergy aro very strongly in favour of this plan — so far as their own church crned is conoerned. Primary schools so conducted, you perceivo, are the nurseries of tlie church, and the more schools the priosts can get the control of the better for the ohurch( inasmuch as in all. those sohools thcro is always a sprinkling of children belonging to Protestnnt or unclassified parentB, and these children, boing caught so. young, are much more easily taught the elements of tho 'true faith' at|tlmt time than at a later period of their life. Besides that ib -,- the only fair chance of catching these Btragglors and making anything of them, as well as being a cheap and easy mode of proselitizing. If I was a conscientious clergyman of the Roman Catholio Churoh here, I am Bure I should look at the matter in that light, and I am not blam ing them now — only as I am not a clergyman of the Ohuroh of Rome, nor a member of that com ( munion, I take muoh tho same view of tho educa ' ^O .question as Douglas does, and think that tho 1 Islte has no business to provide money to help children to a religious creed. Besides, if it comoB to that, I am not sure that I should approve of making the Roman Catholic Church in a Pro testant country a political engine to Beoure poli- . tical prodominanco after this fashion. I know it is legal and constitutional, and all that sort of thing so long as a country remains essentially Protestant — but to secure the latter two will havo to play at the game if one begins it — and I know of no other game at which people so soon lose their temper. I may be wrong in my viow of the subject — my speculative opinions are mostly wrong — but I am obliged to Btick to them until I can find better, I am always open to convic1 tion— ^at reasonable hours of course — and nothing delights me more than to renounce an error directly I perceive it to be such. Tlmfc is the reason why I hasten to retract the opinions I expressed a few weeks ago with respect to tho efforts of the Board of Education to encourage marriage between the male and female pupil teachers at the Normal Sohool. With my usual readiness to put the beBt possible construction upon everybody's conduct I gave the Board of Education credit for what they had no hand in and do not deserve. I am now assured, on excellent authority, that bo far from the young lady teachers at the Normal School paradiog with their pupils in tbe recreation ground in order that the young gentlemen teachers may Bee them to the best advantage, they don't parade at all, but merely go out with their pupils to maintain something like order and decorum in the ploy ground, and the yonng gentlemen don't get a ghost of a chance to boo them. Tho Board, or some of their churlish subordinates, have actually had a nasty high close fence put up' between the two sohools, so that if a young lady teacher is dying to' Bee one of the young gentlemen teachers the thing is impossible until after school hours — and the saine with the young gentlemen. The two classes of teachers cannot even play Pyramus and Thisbe by whispering to eaoh othor through a hole in the wall. This is a system of deliberate and cold- blooded cruelty, in addition to discouraging by. every possible means the increase iu the number of married taaohers. 1 don't wonder, now, at the difficulty the Board experience in obtaining married teachers, and I retract every word I wrote in commendation of their con Biderate kindness. If the youDg lady teachers at the Normal really desire it, I will go the length of calling the members of the Board of Education u set of old ' hunks' — I can't say fairer than that— oau I? 