CAPTAIN LAWSON AND NEW GUINEA. The Saturday Review heads a long article on the Captain thus,-" A Modern Munchausen." We reprint an extract : It is in no spirit of idle curiosity, still less out of any captious or sceptical turn of mind, that we ask why Captain 3. A. Lawson omits to tell us in what service, or in what country, even on which element, he attained the rank which his title page exhibits. Far be it from us to restrict the claim to snob a title within the pages of our insular Army or Navy, or even Volunteer list. If won by colonial service, it would all the more prepare as to go along with the writer as one likely to face and to record new inoidents of travel with somewhat of the fitness which comes of experience beyond the routine of home life or the jogtrot ideas of the Old World. We confess onurselves at the outset at a loss in what aspect or capacity to speak of Captain J. A. Lawson, mainly because bhe forbears to speak of himself. Being at Sydney, he tells us, in November, 1871, he formed the resolution of exploring the interior of New Guinea, a country that had a great charm for him as being but little "nown to Europeans, and therefore affording a new field for the naturalist and adventurer. On his quoali ecations as a naturalist, as shown by what he haseto obserre touching the fauna and flora of the novel region traversed, we are spared to a great extent the responsible task of pronouncing by his own modest admission, borne out as it abundantly is by his own pages, of a want of all previous study of the kind. It is under the second category that he comes more strictly within the range of our criticism. Here as. suredly, if Mr. Disraeli's test is to hold good that ad' ventures are for the adventurous, Captain Lawson goes some way to make good his title. Contradictory reports prevailed in Sydney respect ing the character of the Papuans. Instead of being fierce, treacherous, and thievish, as more commonly supposed, Captain Dobbs, of the Nautilus, who bad done a good business in trading to the island, described them as gentle and inoffensive, albeit somewhat given to thieving. With him and his ship our author re solved on trusting his fortunes, leaving Port Jackson late in the monthtf May, 1872. For the purpose of transit in a country where horses or oxen, even if safely transported thither, would be useless, all depended on providing suitable bearers. There were to hand in the persons of Toolo, a Lanear, who had been two years in his service, an intelligent and faithful fellow, and three Australian aborigines, Tom, Joe, and Billy, who confeesed to having led a vagabondish kind of life, but had picked up a little learning, two of them being able to read very tolerably. Tom bolted up tbhe country before the day of ailing came, but the rest of the party were landed in due course at the village of Houtree, on the southern shore of New Guinea. This place is described as containing 2688 sols, in eluding Kilee, the old chief, and five or six "orange" or magistrates under him, living by fishing and by trading with the Dutbch, who take rom them spioes, drugo, gums, sundry valuable- woods and bark, birds of paradise, skins of monkeys, cocoanuts, and pearls of an inferior kind. Like the black races at large, they were mostly drunk as long as rum was to be had. Their buts were scattered about under fine trees, and bad large and cultivated gardens attached, growing pumpkins, yams, bananas, cocoannut, and other fruits and vegetables. The people were very friendly, and, though they at first laughed at Captain Lawson's idea of penetrating into the interior, did all in their power to serve him. For $12 apiece per month, two guides were secured out of a number of anxious volunteers, having a smattering of English, with a little Dutch, Frenbch, and Portuguese. Aboo, the eldest, about fifty years old, was a most repulsive fellow, with the mark of a tremendous sword-eut across his face. He was only ift. Sin. in height, but strong enough to lift four or five hundredweight with ease. Danang, thirty years younger, was also very strong, but lazy, and for a Papuan very good looking. On the 10th of July the party made their start, with no more bagrage or equipment than a small quantity of tea and coffee, some medicines, pickles, and preserves, a set of instrua ments for observations, twenty-four pounds of ship biscuit, and half-a-dozen bottles of brandy, whereof we are not surprised to find that two were smashed by a stumble on the part of Billy, who, before this, had been found helplessly drunk-having drained another bottle and earned for himself a hearty thrash ing. Gamo being pronounced abundant, they deo pended for food upon their arms, Captain Lawson carrying a double-barrelled rifle, a fowling.pieee, a six- ohalmbered pistol, and a cutlass, his attendants, an old musket each and their knives. For a long way, their route lay through dense forest, skirting a vast I salt marsh or half-dried arm of the sea. Splendid timber was met with ; one tree, like a European elm, was measured, and found 337ft. in height, and 84ft. Tin. round the trunk. Parrots and monkeys swarmed in every treeand yielded interminiable sport. The wae lah tree also abounds, bearing nuts the shape and size of small lemons, insipid unless roasted. Teak, camphor, laurel, palms, and bamboos are plentiful, besides what Captain Lawson thought to be a sandal- tree. Tangled creepers and parasitic plants form an agreeable and sheltering growth. The utter silence at night pre sented a strange contrast with the hubbub of animal life during the day. Now and then distant shots were heard-a sign that the natives, strange to say, had firearms. A village was passed from time to time, sand all available hospitality shown by the inhabitants. By the bank of a large river a herd of fifty or sixty deer were sighted, the old book dropping to our tra weller's rifle, and ere long three crocodiles came paddling down the stream, attracted by the blood of the animal, their appearance setting the party to flight. Another large deer, of a species he had never seen before, and called by Aboo dao sellan, was found killed by a moolah or tiger, who had been heard long into the night crunching its bones. The terror of the moolah kept the native followers perpetually on the pai vies. To this animal we are indebted for the most lively part of the narrative before us. It is the means of bringing out an amount of prowess on the part of the writer which may rouse to envy the most accomplished and venturous of Eastern Shekarries. It is not every one who would even in imagination feel equal to faring a wounded tiger, and despatchinog him with a knife: "Finding himself distanced, the moolah, who had lost the use of one of his fore legs, turned back, and again came towards me before I had time to ram home a bullet. There was nothing left for it but to run, and run I did till I went sprawling over a fallen trunk. Before I could rise the beast was upon me, and with a growl of satisfaction and anticipated ven. geance, as I thought, took me into his clutches. I had a long dagger-knife in my waist-belt, and I drew it with all speed, and fright lending me more than my usual strength, I drove it up to the hilt in the crea ture's side. Turning savagely on feeling the pain, it seized the knife in its powerful jaws and broke it. It was its last act, for immediately it fell dead without a groan; and with great reliefof mind I extricated my self from under the carcase. " Upon hearing my call, my companions came up. Thov were rather alarmed, for I was drenched with the nboolah's blood, and I have no doubt cut a ghastly figure; but they soon regained their courage when they saw the dead body, and were convinced that they had nothing to fear personally. With the exception of a few trifling bruises and scratches from the ani mal's caws, I was unnbort. My escape was ceortainly remarkable, and a cause for great gratitude towards the Almighty." This moolab, a female, was exactly like that of Ben gal, but handsomer, 7f1t. 8in. from nose to end of tail. A male, oin. longer, was dropped shortly afterwards whilst devourihg a deer. The moolah is peculia in giving out a ocreech like the hymns, though ten times worsel a more horrifying outcry, lasting all sight, intensifed as jit was by horrible vulturs, oar author norm heard. 'Ha imiuh? have thouah6 thi teast haunted by demons. To fall into the'jawe?ea ere-i turme like the moolsbh sems, however, far from la.u the quietus we sbould expect to find it. The raecal Billy baning gone to sleep on his watch, our author was routed by loud eries just in time to see a large moolah disappear in the jungle with poor Danang in his mouth. Happily, ere anything could be done, the black walked back again, somewhat badly bitten about the arm and shoulder. His report was that, being suddenly woke up and dragged along with un pleaeantroughnese, he began to punch violently at the creature with his right fet, which was free, where upon, astounded by the strange resistance it met with, it left him lying in the jungle. Our author can speak of having been himself and having seen others in the jaws of a tiger, but thin esoape of Denang's was the most marvellousn that ever came under hie notice. He had himself as hair breadth an escape from awild bull, who made a rush after receiving a bullet in the shoulder: "The imspetus of his rush was so great that the bull was carried twenty paces beyond me; bat be wheeled instantly, and taking no notice of a shot from Aboo, rushed down upon me more fiercely than in the first chbarge. I was fairly unnerved, and ran with all my might to gain the cover of a clump of trees that grew close at hand. I had almost reached them when I felt a terrible shbck in the rear, and became aware that I was spinning through the air. I fell on my right side with sufficient force to knock the breath out of me, but providentially I did not lose eonsciousness, or else my bones would have been left to crumble to dust on that solitary plain, for Taurus had not done with me yet. Before I had time to collect myself and attempt to rise, I felt his feverishly hot breath puffing on my face. He tried hard to gore me, and several times rammed down his head at me with tre mendons impulse ; but, by moving my body quiekly to either side, I contrived to escape the blows. My pistol was still in my belt, and I drew it, fired four shots at the bull's head, which had the effect of con fusing him a little ; but how matters would have ulti mately ended is very doubtful, had not Aboo come np and put a bullet through the brute's shoulder, which brought him down across my legs with crushing weight. It was no easy matter to get from under the enormous earease, even with Aboo's help; and when at length 1 was released, I could hardly stand, so much was I shaken and bruised. However, no bones were broken, and I had cause to be thankful that I had escaped with my life." rBeyond feeling a little faint, and reqiring to be pulled round by a draugbtnof brandy, which we are glad to find boheld out so long after being served round repeatedly during the march, aided by a ecore or so of leeches, which the faithful Aboo ran and fetched in a trice, no great harm was experienced by our travel ler from a toes which, by Aboo's calculation and his own, was at least 80ft. Nor is it in endurance only that he is able to eclipse the fame of ordinary men of sport. His powers of eight and hand are equally above the common. He thinks nothing of bringing down one of a herd of wild goats at the distance of at least sie hundred yards; while those who have hitherto had the most to tell of the animal life of New Guinea have never been able to sight an indivi dual goat. Monkeys seem to have abounded of a size only met with by previous explorers in the African forte s; a male bft. Sin. high being brought down by Aboo, his mate, Sft. in height and 89in. round the chest, dropping from a tseat the same time to a abot from Captain Lawson, .with a reash that'ehook the ground, yet retaining strength enough to get upon her feet until a pistol bullet made her give up the ghost. Both, though horribly repulsive, are described as hu man to a degree which almost makes one shudder to hear their slaughter spoken of so coolly. The forehead wees not so low as in most apes, nor the nose o flat. The shin of the face was wrinkled and swarthy, but bad no hair upon it. Eath hand had a forefinger and a thumb, but there were only four toes on each foot. Fingers and toes alike had nails like those of a human being. Aboo had seen plenty of this species before, always some distance inland, whioh must acoount for their nerer having been notioed by voyagers familiar with the coast. By the natives they are called, we learn, tilang-moo, the "wild man," their ory being like the whimpering of an idiot. Our regret that the car rying powers of the partysbould have been unequal to bringing away the skins of animals so rare and pre. cious is merged in that with which we hear of the mischanee which befel the entire stock of spoil seeu mulated by them in the journey ; a desperate melee with a native tribe, in which poor Joe and Dannug were killed and all the goods and ehattels lost, making it necessary to beat a retreat when the north-eastern coast was by calculation but twenty or thirty miles distant. These natives were unexpectedly formidable. Whence they got their "pikes, curved swords, and flint muskets," or Whence the ohief just before met with got his pair of enormous horse.pistols, which looked to be at least a hundred years old, is a ques tion which we wish our traveller had put, seeing that he had picked up by this time a conasiderable know ledge of the Papoan tongues, whereof he treats us to a specimen from time to time. The river Royal, for example, discovered and named by him, bears, oh the chief a authority, the native name of " Ohingoo mal lan," the river of the god Ohin, who, according to Papuan mythology, created all the seas, rivers, and lakes in the world, with the fish that dwell in them, while his three brothers, Am, Looshang, and Dillah, made the earth, plants, and animals ; and their sister, Mousbat, gave being to all winged creatures, as birds, bate, and insects. Only one language, he writes, is spoken on. the island, though of that many of the words are derived from the Malay, Hindostanse, Ohi nese, and other tongues. He found it easy to learn and pleasant-sounding, being spoken with a clear dis tinet pronunciation, without any disagreeableguttural twang. How Hindostanee words can have made their way into regions so secluded to all appearance from intercourse with-the world at large is one of the many things which readers of Captain Lawson's book must wish to see explained. Among the main geoeraphical discoveries reportd by Captain Lawson on his lineof route is that of the river Royal, a mile broad belowits confluence with the Gladstone, which must fall into the Indian Ocean near the N.E. point of the island. It seems strange that the outfall of as noble a stream shbonuld have es caped the notice of the navigators who from time im memorial have thronged the Bands Sea, TorresBtraite, and islands adjacent, and of the surveyore to whom we owe very flune charts of the archipelago, whatever mystery may have hitherto shrouded the interior of New Guinea. An extensive volcanic range is also re ported, in great part extinct. Near Lake Alexan drine, however, 1597ft. above the sea, a dense column of smoke was seen, following which, for fifteen miles, a tremendous crater was reached, and found to be three miles and a quarter in circumference. The sum mit was sealed in six hours time, and the interior found too perpendicular for deeeent, which was also precluded by the smoke and sulphurous fumes. Mount Vulcan, as the Papuan Etna was named by him, is estimated by our author to be 8117ft. from base to summit. The smoke and fiery glare made a welcome landmark on the retreat of the party, as did also the mighty cone, his crowning geographical glory, pioe tured in the frontispiece. Mount Heroules, which he calculated at first to be 30,000ft. high, and conse quently the highest mountain in the world, " proved," we' read, " to be 32,783ft. above the level of the sea." We could wish to have Captain Lawoon's process of calculation. The only mention made of instruments is that of the thermometer, which gradually sank to 22deg. below freezing point. Nothing is said of its having been boiled in order to get the elevation. All that the party are reported as having taken with them is a supply of food and water, their arms and blankets, and a stout taff each. Carrying firearms up a snowy mountain higher than Mount Everest might be thought uncalled for as a precaution, not to speak of the impedi ment it might present to climbing. Capt. Lawson hap. pily shows himself all through a man not easily discon certed. Numbed as he and his party are said to have been-the blood flowing from their noses and ears, their lips and gums, and the skin of their faces cracked and bleeding, and the staves falling from their hands -they were able to pick up new life from the unfail ing brandy, enough to set them at the top. Seeing that their start was at 4 a.m., and that they got safely down by half- past 7 in the evening, our readers will allow that this was an exploit fitted to crown one of the most remarkable series of adventures which have been recorded in our time. 