THE HUSHES OF HOLWYCH. (Continued from our last.) On the next morning they found Mr. Brodgett awaiting them at the open door of the mansion. If the exterior were dark and forbidding, it only formed the greater contrest with the lofty, light, and spaecious rooms thrown open to their gratified inspection. Those on the groundfloor, garden aide, were wn suite -a noble dining-room, .drawing-room, billiard, and bnakfaet-room, terminating in a conservatory, and otending the promenade' tbateight be made through the sucoessive tpartments to sixty or seventy -yards. All the windows, save those of the dliningroom, opened toebe ground, giving aseMe to the lawns and terraces already described. There -was mach masslve furni tore, apparently but little the worse for time; and as this was to be taken at a valuation, and the house was in all respecte ready to be oonupied, there was nothing to prevent the Eldertons taking possession, as soon no the legal transfer could be accomplished. And so zealously did Mr. Brodgett bestir himself on their behalf, that a very few days saw them fairly established, and already at work on their projected improvements. To the colonel's enjoyment there was indeed one slight, very alight drawback-the fear that bin wife, who had so frankly avowed her dislike of a house in which anything unusnal had occurred, should become sud denly apprised of the alleged visit of the" body judge" -nay, his possible occupancy of the very chamber they had selected as their own! What followed it may be advisable to give in the form of the diary, letters, and depositions in which this strange story was originally recorded. "It was in May, 1835," (Mrs. Elderton afterwards wrote to a friend in London) " that we took up our abode at pretty Holwych. Our house, the 'mansion: though sombre enough outside, was the brightest, cheeriest dwelling heart could desire. The sunshine never seemed to depart from one or other of its gay well.windowed rooms until it melted into night. Cuthbert and I were in raptores with our purchase busy as bees, and little anticipating the strange series of events of which, as you desire it, I will endeavour to give some particulars. " We had been in possession about a month, during which nothing especial oocurred, except that two of our maids gave warning without-as far as I could per oeive- any valid cause, and tbdt Mrs. Itetteridge, the housekeeper, begged to be allowed to obane herroom in the west wing for onei much inferior, in hnothey part of the house. But; never having-as you bray: suppose-heard of any .unabonntable ciroenstanoes in connection with the house, these incidents merely caused re a ormentary eurprise. "The irst thing worth recordiog occurred at the beginning of July. I was sitting, about mid-day, in an open alcove at the end of the walnut-tree walk, sketching designs for some flower-beds, and, as I well remember, thinking of nothing conducive to uneasi ness, when I became suddenly consecions ofran indescrib able sense of panic, such as you might feel had some frightful scene or object unexpectedly presented itself to your view. Yet I saw nothing, save when some sound from the distant village made itself faintly audible through the stillness of noon. Trying to laugh at the fancy, I bent over my work, when again the panio seized me, and with such force that my pulse bounded-I felt it-and I hardly dared lift my eyes, lost they should rest upon some horrible thing, that had noiselessly crept upon me! I did, howevers, look up, and the quiet sunshine and the glowing flow ers seemed to rebuke my senseless terror. "This is too absurd I" I said aloud, and took up my pencil. But once more I seemed to feel the ap proach of the fear; and, this time, without waiting for it, I jumped from my seat with a sort of cry, took to my heels, and never stopped till I arrived breath less in the house! "I did not, till succeeding events seemed to give a kind of signifloance of this adventure, tell it to my husband. I knew I was a nervous little thing, and that he knew it; and feared that the first result would be a dose of tonics, which I hate." Extract from the diary of Colonel Elderton, August 6th, 1835.-" It is, certainly, a singulat house ! The odd sounds that, after the residence of only a day or two, I began to hear, become more frequent. I have -hitherto been able to conceal them from Edith. Yes terday, it became impossible. " We were sitting in the small study, at half-past 9 in the evening. The windows were closed, and the door (leading into the bell) wide open. " We were both reading, when we distinctly heard slow, measured footsteps cross the hall, coming, as it seemed, from the dining-room-then suddenly ap peered to sound more distant. Bolts were drawn and undrawn. My wife, supposing it to be the butler, merely wondered why he stayed in the ball. Finding, however, that all was again eilent, I took a candle and examined every room. All web quiet; the windoia closed and fastened for the sight, and the doors shut. A'servant coming to rmove tea, we asked who had ben emoving abouttbeiball, and receired for answer thbat no one, since 9 o'elootl had e itted the supper table in the seriants' hall. My wife,'who was eitting beside .me on the sofs, nestled a little closer, but gave no other indiestion of alarm." Mrs. Elderton briefl± notices this incident in writ iog to her friend, then passes on to another of a more starting character. "About 2 in the morning of the 16th August, I was aroused by Cathbert's starting up in bed, with the erclamation that an attempt was being made upon the house! I entreated him not to go down alone, but to ring frat for the butler, who, that night, happened to have the pistols. We at that time elept in the drab room, west wing. "I had myself heard nothing, being sound asleep; but my husband told me that the first noise that sur prised him was the violent shaking of the hall door ; then of the windows of the room below; after which a voice distinctly said, ' Hush!'-the 'oh,' which was much prolonged, being taken up, like a watchword, by another ' hush,' and that by another, as if the house were surrounded. The noises thereupon ceased ; and, on examination below, nothing was found to throw any light on the disturbance. "During that autumn we frequently heard foot. steps pass our door at night, sometimes accompanied by the rustling of a silken dress; also noise below, as though furniture were being moved about. Invari ably, if either of us were awake at 2 or 8 o'clock, we heard a sound as of a large chest violently thrown down, sometimes once, but more frequently two or three times. We tried in vain to detect the origin of this sound. "I can scarcely account for thelindifrenco with which'we got, at lest, to regard these nusuanel things, But growing inore and morp. tgcbed to bhe plaoo, which wras becoming a real Jttle'paradise .qoder.our h'ends, wewere loath inded, to confess the reality, of s-hytbing to its discredit. Itt.ya only when thp day time noises were too loud that we oared to interfere, I have again and again ascribed thee to the serrants, and gone npetairs to request them to be more quiet ; yet I found the doors all shut, and no one in the rooms or on the stairs. And yet the noises bad made the chandelier vibrate." Colonel Elderton's diary in September: " But for my little wife's pluck, I would, on her ac count, give up this blessed house at once. These mys terious doings annoy and enrage me. I cannot in the leooast divine their source. " Finding that the silk-gown rustling was of almost nightly occurrence, I laid a trap last night for the in. trader, stretching a bit of black silk right across the passage. I did this without my wife's knowledge, as I knew I should have to keep awake till 1 or 2 in the morning, and did not wish her to share my vigil. "A little before 2 I was conscious of the approach of the light pattering step-like that of a woman in slippere-which was always first heard. Then came the silken rustle, actually brushing our door. ' Now, my lady, we shall see!' thought I. Getting quietly up, and softly opening the door, with our veillease for a lamp, I ascertained that the silken thread, stretched about two feet from the ground, remained uontouched ! " Sept. 23rd.-Halsewell (the butler) has given warning. He was my best ally, indefatigable in try ing to trace out the cause of these alarms. His reason for leaving seems insufficient. The servants ' chaff him as to some supposed resemblance between the ghostly footstepsand hisown ! He admitted however, that there was something else, which he could never troll me until I had resolved to quit this residence." aMrs. Elderlon to her friend, in continuation: "In November, after the departure of our butler, HIllsewell, who had been very bold and watchful, the noises increased, neas the servants declared, with a sort of mocking imitation of Halsewcll's step, and manner of opening and closing doors, as he moved about the house. "One day, at half-past one, while I was reading in my dressing-room, having had to remain upstairs for a day or two from illness, I was started by hearing people moving about in a noisy manner on the small landing below ; then loud screams. I rang the bell sharply, then opened the door. Nothing was visible; but 1 heard a voice say, ' Hush-sh,' three several times, becoming at each repetition more distant, and seeming to float away in a manner which I cannot describe. "I think it was on the following night that I was awakened by a loud noise, as of a person walking very heavily on the landing below, or in one of the adja cent rooms. I never heard such walking before. It was, so to speak,'a giant's walk, 'and seemed to shake the house from one eid to the other; We bead had for some days a.policeman fn the hoase at night, and, rousing my husband, I begged him to. call the man. Before he could leave the room, we beard the sound of a desp'irate atruggle bn the stairs, as of two sten fighting. Feeling aure that our' watchtnan had at last pounced upon $he intrader, Cuthbert dashed off to, his. assistanc. .All was still. and empty I The policeman, whom Cuthbert met quietly going his rounds, had beard no unusual sound." As the disturbances at Holwych continued steadily to increase, and had become notorious, Colonel Elder ton reluctantly resolved to leave; but, before com mencing preparations, required from the servants statements of whatever ofa remarkable nature they had severally noticed. This produced a mass of testi mony, which, making every deduction, has probably no parallel in the history of " haunted house" of our time. It should be mentioned that, during the occupation of the mansion, five servante (the butler, groom, and three maids), had left, divers pretexts, but really-as it now appeared-from the perpetual annoyance caused by the unsccountable sounds. Groans; sighs ; footsteps ; a noise (constantly recurring) like a child's rattle ; doors strunk and handles turned; sounds of tossing about boxes and furniture; carriages driving up the sweep when none were there; rustle of silk; screams; a voice heard to say distinctly, "All in true ;" and, finally a sound of very peculiar charac& ter, compounded of hiss and whiz, which was ofalmost daily occurrence, and, commencing as described, ter minated in the word "Hush I" distinct, prolonged, and invariably taken up by voices more and more distant, till they became inaudible. One of these atatements, supplied by Louisa SBarse, one of the maids, will serve an a specimen - " I was four months under-bousemaid at Holwyct. During the whole time I was annoyed by the aVrangest disturbance. I slept with a fellow servant above the. kitchen. One tlght,tery late,'we lidard alking ahd. talking below. 'It lasted an hour. '"We did 'bot C. cognise either step or voice. In the morning I bolig 'to the rest about it, but every one' denied beib 'in' the kitohen at all. They did not tell me (I had not been. long arrived) th'at the bhoisb pas said tb'be htunted. After that I became'aeaustomed to strange noises, but what happened later determined me to leave. "I was awakened one nightby a cold hand touching my face, and looking up, saw a very tall figure by my bedside, with an arm extended. I said, ' I will' know what it is, or I'll raise the bonse!' when the'idgure moved towards the window and vanished. My com panion saw it also. Next day we were allowed to change our toom, but I was unoamfortable after this and left." Recollecting that the butter, Halsewell, who bad left, had offered further testimony in the event of the house being giving up, Colonel Elderton wro.e to him, andouncing his intended departure, and received Ahe statement hereinafter given, But, in, the meantime, the following strange incident occurred to the colonel himself. He was writing letters in the breakfast-room one forenoon, when a step came along the paesage!to wards the open door. To sare thehe trouble a.trn-r ing to see who was about to enter, hbe looked in the mirror just opposite, and saw a very tall man, in a long yellow cost of some coarse material, and with his hat on, standing in the doorway. " Well, who are you, my man? What do you want here P" was the natural question. Without reply the man extended his arms, as point ing to the garden, and, striding across the room, passed through the window (opening to thegrouned) into the gaiden. "A. cool hand, whoever you arel" exclaimed the colonel, and,etarting up, at nonce followed the intruder, whom he was on the point of overtaking just as the latter turned the angle of a shrubbery, and entered the avenue of walnut trees leading to the alcove before described. Hardly a second had elapsed, yet the walk was vacant. The man had disappeared l The colonel rubbed hie eyes in amusement. Up to that moment no idea of the sepornatural had occurred to him. He had heard the man's ltop, and observed his features in the mirror (they were those of ayoung and rather well-looklnig man, with singularly large eyes) ; and a suspicioa, prompted .perhaps by the re markable dress and manner, that he was an escaped lunatic, had crossed the colonel'a mind. There was no place of conealmnont elpse ithand, save the shrabp, which Colonel HElderton immediately examipet a paqr had the gardeer?. Whom he had found at ?,srk?per tbhes'aloe, bane pasted by'the straiger. . Returning t tthe hbuse, the colonel fqund leptter front' his ex-butler, in which, after recapltulating a series of dislurbancee' of the kind already mentioned, which he had' been inclined to attribute to thieves, sntil he found that not only washis " silver" perfectly safe, but everything, to the smallest article, untouched, the writer dwelt upon the peculiar whizing sound that daily-nay, several times io a day-passed di rectly through the room occupied by the servants. At first bearing some resemblance to the passage of a huge bird, though invisible, it terminated in the dis tinct pronnciation of the word " Hush!" drawlod out, and then taken up by another voice, and another as a watchword might be passed along a line of eano tries. This sound-far msore than any .other-dis turbed the hearers, and it was always. some minutes before equanimity was restored, and anybody felt dis posed to quit the room-alone. Even against this, however, the butler declared his courage would have supported him, but for the occur rence he now, at hie late master's request, was about to relate. A little before dusk, one day late in August, he had occasion to pass through a gallery on the basement, leading to the servants' hall, at one end of which stood a mangle, or rather press, for the table-cloths in use. Before this press, as if examining it, stood a very tall man, clad in a long coat of yellow frieze, with a narrow peaked hat, from which long air descended on his shoulders. At the question "Hallo! What's thalt" from the surprised'butler, the man turned round an4 nme to· wards him. ' The butler then 'saw that the iitotr. ap. peared!to be of middle age; had very ]lrgq lae' eyes, and what saeimbe'like a I arrow'red 'ocartdrppcrpaq, part of 'is forphead2'1"Poohiajt pjisipg for eo inmtant the figure :ma'cned atra|ilit' upon tlh~geatiooner, who mechanibally extended husnrms. To uunitterasble amazement, they met teith 'no.etslan ot,,apad 'Hals& well,s a If swakening from i 'dream, 'foundimpelf atandigin th tb'iiddle r the pasesgp alone N?otwithstanding this ihcident, the butler was reluc tant to quit his master's service; but feeling that his story, if told, would either be disbelieved, or, if be. lieved, greatly increased the alarms and annoyances to which his mistress was bxposed, he finally resolved to leave, as mentioned. " Hearing mysterious noises, talking of ghosts, and probably dreaming of them, would easily account for the gentlemean in frieze admiring my tablecloths!" thought the colonel, as he finished the letter. But on that very day arrived a very singular cor roboration, and from a totallty independent source. "I had oooasion,,a day or two since," wrote a friend to him, "'to mention your name ata dinner-party. 'le that Elderton; who has taken Holwych Mansion, may I ask P' inquired a stranger who oat near me. 'Yee.' 'I was a former occupant,' the man resumed, and I should much like, with your permission, to ask you a question, at another moment, regarding its present condition. I have heard that your friend has excellent taste, and the place was certainly eusceptible of improvement? I assented. Later that evening we had some talk, and the result was the small note I now enclosoe. If, during yourresidence at Holwych, nothing of a strange and disturbing nature-inuspable of explanation-has occurred, you are earnestly re quested to destroy the note unread ; if it has, open and compare a former tenant's experience with your own." The colonel at once adopted the latter course, The note, passing slightly over miscellaneous esases of disturbance, gave a concise, but clear, description of the perpetual " bushings," and of several appearances of the man in yellow frieze, with the peaked hat and large blue eyes! After this but little time was lost in preparation. But it was not without regret that the Eldertoes turned their backs on their cheap but uncomfortable paradise. "So it was not a school, after all," remarked the colonel, as they drove away. "But, as that boy candidly warned us; it has its 'ushers!" What became of the "Iushere" after the house was pulled down, to make room for railway improvements, I do not know ; but it is very certain that the Elder tons were the last tenants who ventured to share Holwych mansion with them.-All te Year Round. 