THE DESTITUTE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.) BENALLA SUNDAY. The "extraordinary story" which appeared in The Argus of Friday (extracted from the Maryborough Standard), relative to a num- ber of German families being in a starving condition on the Major Plains, caused a con- siderable amount of surprise here, as nobody had heard anything of the affair before ; but upon making a visit to the spot, it was found that, although the letter of Mr. Grube contained many incorrect statements, the main facts were true. The German consul having forwarded Mr. Grube's letter to the chief commissioner of police, Captain Standish telegraphed to Inspector Brook Smith, at Wangaratta, on Friday, to at once proceed to the locality, and, on behalf of the Government, render any assistance required. Upon reaching Benalla, Mr. Smith, with the representative of The Argus, and accompanied by an interpreter, started for the locality referred to. Upon reach- ing Dookie or the Major Plains — for the place is known by either name — it was found that the Germans were not located at that place, but some 20 miles further on, at what is known as the Hill Plains, on the Yar- rawonga Station, belonging to Messrs. Nichol and Telford. It was also stated that there were two encampments of the Germans, one about four miles distant from the other, and situated on the Cocked-hat Creek, but on the same run. After travelling all night, this party reached the Cocked-hat Creek, and found the German encampment. It was fortunate that an interpreter had been taken, as not one of the immigrants could speak a word of English. Before proceeding to describe the camp, it may be as well to explain the reasons that led these poor people to leave their native land. It appears that they all come from some small villages, near Hainan, in Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration during these attacks. The ignorant villagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At last she prophesied the Franco-Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world, She therefore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remain- ing there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusalem, which would be their second resting-place, after which they would return again to Germany and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weary journey. All their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, numbering 64 souls, and made their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a ship to carry them to Australia, their land of promise. They took passage in the steamer Somer- setshire, and arrived in Melbourne in April last. Here four of the party seceded, thus reducing the number to 60. Their stock of money at this time amounted to £210. They made inquiries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla district who came from their own part of Silesia, they decided to settle near them, and accordingly made their way to their present camping ground. The settlers referred to are two brothers named Carl and Wilhelm Berndt, and not Burns, as was stated. From what can be learnt Mr. Carl Berndt has behaved very kindly to these poor people, but just now they have disagreed, for when he found that instead of taking the sound advice he gave them, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. As he is the only one in the vicinity who can converse with them, this is no doubt a great loss to them, and they therefore feel all the more wroth. Prior to visiting the Germans' en- campment a halt was made at the hut of Gray, a shepherd at Cocked-hat creek, on Mr. Telford's run, about a mile distant from the Germans. This was done with a view of ascertaining from some of the neigh- bours whether there was any knowledge in the district of the alleged starving con- dition of the new settlers. In answer to questions put, Mrs. Gray said that there were three or four families lower down the creek. They had been in very poor health for some time, owing to the want of proper food, but they were getting better. She had given them milk, and eggs, and goat's flesh, for which they had been very thankful. She thought they were kindly disposed people as, in return for what she had given them, two of them went to her place one day and chopped and stacked a lot of wood for her, but refused to take any payment, although money was offered. She had heard stories about a woman who controlled them. Mrs. Gray, although strongly pressed on this point, declined to say what these stories were, and consequently there was a great desire on the part of those present to "inter- view" the prophetess, as she is termed. Proceeding down the creek about a mile, the German settlement was reached, and the party were courteously received, and invited to enter. Mr. Miers, the interpreter, at once entered into conversation with them, while the others made a tour of inspection of the huts. The people appeared to be delighted to meet with a countryman, and they were soon engaged in explaining their condition. The settlement consisted of three bark huts, with two outbuildings constructed of the same material. Two of the huts have only one room, but the third was considerably larger and contained two rooms, one of them being used as a general room for the whole of the settlement. This room mea- sured about 30ft. by 25ft. There are three families located at this place, and originally they consisted of eight adults and two children. One of the men has since died ; and when the huts were visited on Friday there were only three women, one man, and two children at home. The absence of the others was explained by the state- ment that they had gone up to the mill to obtain three bags of flour on credit if pos- sible. The man was at work at a carpenter's bench in the general room, while the women were sweeping the earthen floors and per- forming other domestic duties. At one end of the general room was the fireplace, and there was a large tin of flour mixed in readi- ness to make damper of. One of the women was cutting up some small cabbage and lettuce plants, and this they stated was to form their meal for the day. The only furni- ture consisted of a rough table and two or three equally rough stools. There was a carpenter's bench in front of the opening that served as a window, and on this were a number of well-worn tools. The sleeping- rooms, which measured about 20ft. square, were also very clean, the beds being arranged in a row down the centre. Some of the bed- steads were low iron ones, but in one of the huts they were simple stretchers, while the two children slept in a large bunk in one corner. The furniture, what there was of it, had evidently been brought from Germany, and a great saving of money might well have been effected if the greater portion of the old rubbish had been left behind. A number of solid old oak chests served as seats, and in each hut was a great heavy wardrobe. At the back of the huts about three-quarters of an acre of land had been cleared, and turned into a vegetable garden. It was surrounded by a neat fence, and well laid out. In one corner a small flower-garden had also been prepared, and appeared to be flourishing. The only man here was about 60 years of age, lean and withered in appear- ance, who said he was a carpenter by trade. His wife, the counterpart of himself, was in good health, while the younger woman of the three was evidently well able to do a hard day's work. She was tall and strongly-built, but had apparently not the best of tempers. The third woman was weakly, and com- plained much of severe pains in the head and general weakness — the latter no doubt arising from the want of proper and sufficient nourishment. The old man, in answer to inquiries, stated that although they were some distance away from the main body of the immigrants, they were all work- ing together as one company. They did not all come from the same village in Silesia, but they had all lived within a radius of three miles of Hainau. The reason they had come out to Australia was because the Almighty commanded them to do so. This was said with a great deal of reverence. They had placed all their money in one common fund, which was used for the benefit of all. When they first arrived in the district they stopped five weeks with Carl Berndt, and then took up some land. They had amongst them 890 acres, of which 700 acres was at Hill-plains, and 190 acres at Cocked-hat Creek. They selected the land in June last, but had not yet paid any rent for it. What little money they had when they arrived had been spent in purchasing rations, and when that was finished they sold two horses and a dray which they had purchased in Melbourne. This money had also been spent in getting food, and now they had no more left. They sold the two horses for £5 each, and the dray for £7. He could not say how much they paid for them in Melbourne, as they did not under- stand English. A man named Grubb had transacted all their business for them. He denied that they had been starving, but at the same time they had had very little meat or vegetables, their principal food being flour made into damper. Out of the 890 acres they had taken up they had cleared and fenced about 60 acres, on which they had wheat and barley growing. They fully expected this crop would carry them through the winter, but at the same time if they could obtain some little assistance in food until the harvest was gathered they would feel very thankful. He was asked whether it would not be possible for some of the able-bodied women to go into service, so as to render a little assistance to the common fund. One of the women, however, strongly protested against such a course. She said that it would be impossible, as they would all have to work together in getting the rest of the land fenced, doing the work the sick people were unable to do, and also assist shortly in getting in the harvest. As there appeared to be a strong objection to the party separating, this point was not pressed. The old man further stated that all that Carl Berndt had to do with them was to pay the carriage of their luggage from Melbourne to Benalla by the train. The old man also ex- pressed himself rather bitterly respecting 10 of the party who had seceded, although their passage to Australia had been paid out of the common fund. He explained that they were working for Carl Berndt, and this appeared to him to be an aggravation of their con- duct. A start was next made for Carl Berndt's place at Hill-plains. Mr. Berndt has a large selection here, and has also a farm near the lime-kilns at Major-plains, which is at present in charge of his brother Wilhelm. On the two farms he has no less than 10 of these poor Germans, seven of them being children, who, when visited, were busily en- gaged in the hayfield. The adults in his employ are August Schmidt, a blacksmith, and his wife. Mr. Berndt states that as these people came from near his own village he felt an interest in them, and was desirous of rendering them every assistance in his power, especially as there were none amongst them able to speak English. When they first arrived in Melbourne two of their number came up to Major-plains to ask him about land. He explained to them that there was land open for selection at Hill-plains near his own farm, and also informed them of some fine land being open for selection in another part of the district. They, however, desired to settle near their countrymen, and sending all their luggage by train to Benalla, the whole party took the road, camping each night on the way. When they arrived at Hill-plains they at once proceeded to Mr. Berndt's place, and as they had very little money he paid the sum of £59 10s., the railway freight of their luggage. They re- mained with him seven weeks, during which he fed them while they were looking out for land and getting it surveyed. Some of them certainly did a little work in the way of fenc- ing, but in consideration of that he fed the whole party. During the time they were with him they consumed 25 bags of flour and between 30 and 40 sheep. They had a woman amongst them who controlled them, and whatever she told them to do they did. She had prophesied to them that when they arrived in Australia they would find houses ready built for them and the land under cultiva- tion, so that they would be able to live easily. When they reached here they were somewhat surprised at not finding things as she had led them to believe, but still they did not look upon her as a false prophetess, as she explained to them that some of their number were sceptical, and this was a trial of their faith. The first cause of disagreement between Berndt and the immigrants was in consequence of this woman. He inquired what money they had, but while they refused to tell him the exact amount, they let him know that it was not very much. Consequently he advised them not to take up too much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered them each to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed between them, and Berndt expressed his determination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in following the advice of this woman on such sub- jects. Since then they have only spoken occasionally. He stated that when they landed they had plenty of provisions which they had brought with them from home, and also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession of the land they had selected they commenced to clear the most lightly timbered land, but they used only to work for a few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to the little children. When their provisions were ex- hausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have those articles cheaper than he sold them in the market. He had never received back the money he had expended in paying, the railway freight of their luggage, and when he asked them to give him an acknowledgement that they owed him that amount they refused to do so. They were all in excellent health when they landed, but now several of them were in very poor health, and nine of them had died, owing, he believed, to the want of sufficient nourishing food, They were only two miles distant from him, but as they persistently re- fused to take the advice which he gave for their good, he now kept clear of them. He had told them, however, to send over every morning, when he would give them some milk, for the children. They had not even done that lately, Berndt further stated that the camp was somewhat divided as two of the families worked very hard, while the others did little more than pretend to work. There were some carpenters among their number, and as he required some furni- ture made, he had offered them the job long since. They did not, however, seem inclined to work, and all he had got was a table, for which he paid them. They said they had no time to do the work, and he therefore bought what he wanted at Benalla. It was quite true that they had sold two horses and a dray, which had been purchased by them or for them in Mel- bourne, but they got the full value. The dray cost them £7 10s. in Melbourne, and they obtained £7 for it, although the axle was broken. They sold the horses for £5 each, but it was afterwards found that one of them was not worth 30s. These goods were purchased for them in Melbourne by a man named Grubb, who acted as their agent, because they could not speak English. Since they had been at Hill-plains, although some of their number had died, the woman Maria would not allow the doctor to be called in when they were sick, but merely prayed over them. He had heard she did the same on board the ship coming out, and would not have them attended by the ship doctor. As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Berndt's farm, request was made that he might be seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon pro- ceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow about 30, was found busily engaged at the forge repairing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to him, and he ex- pressed a ready willingness to give all the information in his power. He stated that he was away from his village during the Franco-Prussian war. He was in the 42nd regiment of the line, and served at Metz and Amiens. After the evacuation of France by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in the neighbourhood of Hainan. She was about 30 years of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in consequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Messingbrod, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they had been on the Hill-plains that man had died, and she had then chosen another man named Schultz. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of them and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsense, and with his wife had left the community, and was now working for Mr. Berndt. His parents and sisters still lived at the settlement, and he had done all in his power to get them away, but without avail, as they fully believed in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things but he believed Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought it would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to take Maria away, as she was certainly the cause of starving them all, for she would not allow them to go to work. Since they had been there, eight of their number had died. Notice of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major- plains ; but the others were simply buried at the settlement without any notice being given, or any doctor attending them. Maria said some prayers at the graves. The party, under the guidance of Mr. Berndt, next proceeded to the settlement about two miles distant. The huts were seven in number, and constructed of bark similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they were much smaller. Most of then only contained one room, about 15ft. by 10ft but in two instances, where there were grown-up daughters, the huts were rather larger, and were divided into two by means a curtain. Here, as at the other place, they appeared to have plenty of bedding, but in place of blankets they had as covering small feather beds, as is the custom in some por- tions of Germany. The children, who were running about, at once congregated round the strangers, and a few lollies given them soon won their confidence. There was no appearance of starvation, and the children appeared to be in rude health. They were bright, rosy children, who evidently enjoyed life heartily. There were four or five girls from 15 to 18 years of age, who were very cleanly and tidy in their appearance. The elders of the place soon made their appearance. Although bearing that worn and aged appearance that so often distinguishes the German peasant, they appeared to be in tolerably good health. They were very courteous, and invited the party to enter their huts. Before doing so, however, an inspection was made of the settlement. It was found that the huts were ranged in a row, and at the rear about an acre and a half of ground had been turned into a vegetable garden, and gave promise of a good crop in a short time. In front of the huts, but about 60 yards distant, was a small lagoon or swamp, from which they obtained their water supply. In one portion of the settlement there was a very bad stench owing to the want of proper necessary accommodation. This it was at once remarked could not be at all conducive to good health, and a proper supply of disinfectants ought at once be sent to the spot. Upon entering the first hut a woman, who said she was 36 but looked 60, was found suffering from the effects of a severe attack of rheumatism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In another place there was an old man of 60 confined to his bed from scurvy and general debility ; and in a third hut was a lad of 13 in a very bad state from scurvy. He was in a most emaciated con- dition, with very much swollen feet, which presented that doughy appearance which is one of the signs of scurvy. His gums were also very soft, spongy, and bleeding, plainly showing that he was suffering severely from the disease. In fact the members of the community had so far made up their mind to his early decease that they had prepared his coffin, and this was shown to the party with some little pride in one of the outhouses. The lad was not in a very cleanly condition, and it was suggested that a warm bath would help his recovery. It was, however, alleged by the elderly woman, who was tending him, that he could not bear the touch of water, and that they had in consequence desisted from their attempts. The gift of a few lollies and half a crown to buy more appeared to brighten the boy up wonderfully, and from the manner in which he looked at the coin it is doubtful whether he ever had so much money before in his life. Inspector Smith had, of course, cer- tain official duties to perform that neces- sitated an interview with the woman Maria Heller, and an inquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at once shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to com- mence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, they were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or dam- per, swimming about in a plate of greasy water, dignified by the name of soup. While the prophetess and her companions were at dinner the party entered into con- versation with the elder children, who answered all their inquiries readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had managed to pick up a little English, and she was very proud of her acquirement's, but her com- panions appeared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a very large one, while the girl herself appeared to be as happy as possible at her brilliant prospects. There were three other girls who expressed a desire to get situations if they could, but would prefer farmwork to household work, and Inspector Smith pro- mised to get them situations if possible. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She was sitting at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shaking so much, ap- parently with fear at the sight of the police uniform, that she could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Schultz, who, according to the man Schmidt's statement, is her chosen companion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little thin, miserable, prematurely-aged looking young man, with a livid white complexion and evidently far gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impossible to see her face. The conversation had scarcely commenced — in fact the interpreter had not asked her name — before she pretended to get very excited, commenced screaming, and was evident trying to work herself into an hysterical fit. The other women — all of whom by the way are older than herself — at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, com- menced to fondle and caress her like spoiled child. As it was so palpable that the woman was shamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut off the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a re- quest for a pair of scissors, the woman evi- dently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, how- ever, requested a few minutes' delay before speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. While this had been going on, the men who had been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they were interrogated as to their condition. They admitted that there was no money amongst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour left in the camp, but they were in hopes of getting some more from the mill on credit to carry them on until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, their principal food being damper. They would be very glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exer- cised over them by the woman Maria Heller, they refused to give any information, until at last one voluble little man stated that he was her stepfather. He was at once pounced upon and led far away from his com- panions, and submitted to a series of questions. He said, — "My name is Carl Scholtze, I am 56 years of age. I con- sider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller. She is 33 years of age. I am her stepfather because her parents are dead. I have known her about five years. I knew her at Jhor- danton, near Hainau, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I be- lieve that is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities - but what were we to do? We cannot speak English. The notices of the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt. We also sent him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maria does not in- terfere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this distance with- out payment. We have not much food. I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon. I do not know how often Maria has these trances. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by the Almighty." While this conversation was going on Maria had recovered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain re- velations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and death. She is a woman about 5ft. in height, and looks about 40 years of age, al- though only owning to 33. She is far from prepossessing in appearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole com- munity. She has a low retreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a suspicious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw. With- out waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows : — " I have had these trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to me when I am in them. I believe the Lord speaks to me then. I only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often speaks to me." This closed the conversation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarcera- tion in the Beechworth Asylum. A desire having been expressed to see the place where the bodies were buried, the party were taken to the ground which had been set apart as a cemetery, and there found eight graves very roughly made and finished. It was stated that the bodies were only buried 5ft deep, but as the law requires 9ft to be the minimum depth, and the soil there is very light and porous, it is probable that the police will have to take some action in the matter. Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the statements into consideration, came to the conclusion that it was his duty to order a certain quantity of pro- visions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, &c.;, to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest for which they appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the children as they listened to the list ; which was read over by the interpreter ; it was evident, although they did not show it, that a good sub- stantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of those who have died :— Mrs. Reich, aged 70 ; Phoebe Phibig, 50 ; Wilhelm Schuman, 50 ; Gottlieb Anders, 50 ; Herman Anders, 17 ; Gottlieb Messingbrod, 50 ; Martha Messingbrod, 25 ; and a stillborn female child. The four now sick are Martha Vitelhoven, with pains in the chest ; Gotfried Dinnant, aged 60, scurvy and general debility ; Johanna Dinnant, 36, rheumatism ; Julius Anders, scurvy. As it had been stated that the water which these people drank contained mineral matters, which had partly caused their illness, a bottle of it was taken away for analysis. The letter which appeared in The Argus was translated to them, and at several portions of it they expressed great indignation. They emphatically denied that any of their children had ever run to the writer crying with starvation, or that he had given them two pounds when he visited them. Both of these statements they stig- matised as gross untruths. All the assist- ance they had received was £9 from the Adelaide German Association, and not £15 as alleged. They also stated that they had written to the German consulate about three months ago, making known their condition but they had never received any answer. There being nothing more to be done, the party started on the return journey, and as soon as Benalla was reached the goods ordered by Inspector Smith were despatched, and Dr. Nicholson having been communicated with on behalf of the Government, left early this morning for the settlement in order to render what medical assistance, was re- quired. A REMARKABLE article — fish flour — has lately been introduced into the market. It is prepared from dried fish of first quality ; it is thoroughly desicoated, and then ground. 