CATHOLIC INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB. It is announced in another page that the nuns of West Maitland are about opening an establish ment for the reception of Catholic deaf and dumb children. This if? a Catholic institution of a kind the want of which has bsen long felt with regret in this country. It is a charity which is a branch of a truly Catholic stock, and will no .-wuwv, ,.ivc uiiu ui-uer scnoois wnien the Dominican Nuns of West Maitland have estaba hehed,- ineriu the high approval of the whole community. It will be fcbe only Catholic instis tution of the kind, sadly as such has been needed, in all the colonies Over and over again it has been our painful duty to report the sectarian abuses of a deaf and dumb institution in this city— an institution oalling itself, too, unsee* tarian and national. Years ago we published the experience of a priest visiting the Sydney deaf and dumb asylum, who was inexpressibly shocked to findtbat children entered in the books as Catholics were being systematically indoctrinated in another faith. Again a later cose revealed itself where the child of rich Catholio parents in the Bathurst district had imbibed at this in stitution so deep a dislike to everythingCatho lie, that it was possessed with a physical antipathy to ths sight or name of a priest or nun. Later still, we reported the case of a mother who on oalling to see her child at the Sydney Asylum, found if; taking part in the Protestant service, and a thoroughly trained proselyte. Now this state of thiuea has lon« been a mnnl ram-nr.n)- not merely to the bigots at the head of the Sydney Deaf and Dumb Asylum, but to the Catholics cf this country who permitted it to continue. The only practical remedy has been adopted by the nuns of West Maitland. Catho ics everywherehave reason to rejoioethatthisnew institution is b*ing established, and will, wo feel sure, give the good nuns a hearty support in their good work. Advent1 Conferences. — We beg to call attention to an advertisement in this issue, announcing that his Grace, the Archbishop' Coadjutor, will preach a series of four sermons in the pro-cathedral, beginning on the first, and finding on. the fourth Sunday in Advent. From the subjects chosen it may be imagined how higliiy interesting and instructive these sermons will be/ '? Accommodation will be mode for extra sittings, and strangers— members of obher denominations who usually attend iu large num. oers — can gee sittings on application at the clerk's office. Episcopal Visit to Orange.— We have, received a long report of the visit of the Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Quinn, to Orange, and also of theblesaiug.of the foundation- stone of the school and oonveut, at German's jHill. An address of welcome .was presented ''to hia Lordship by Messrs. Casey (Mayor), J. Dalton, J. P., aud P. Mulholland, J.P.,' in the name of the good people of., Orauge'j and in the course of his reply th'.3 Bishop mentioned the fact that the Holy Father had been pleased to confer the dignity 'of' Knighthood, of the order of St. Gregory, 'upon Mr. Dalton. We regret' that the i report oarae too late for insertion , this week j( but ifc will appear in full in our nexb issue. ''' '?????' _ ; St. Augustine's School. — We (Argus) have from time to time ch a vn' attention to' the attendance of chi'dron at Sc Augustine's Roman Catholio School at Yasa, Tae attendance was never better, and all praise id due to the Rev. Father O'Keeffe and Father M'Carthy, and tli6 teachers, Mr and M ra Tierney. Tuo exertions of the teachers are really praiseworthy. Passing from the Denominational school to the Sunday school, it would do the parents of the children good to attend for at least one Sunday, and to ? witness, not only the attendance (numbering far ' over one hundred), but to be eye. witnesses of ; the improvement made, and the great attention paid to the children by the teachera of eaehr «Ias»t and by the priests of the ixusaion, k , Clerical Changes.— Diocese of Armi dale.— The Very Rev John O'SuIlivan, Kempsoy, goes to Graf ton as Adminiatrator of the Dicoese of Armidale, in the absence of the Right Rev, Dr .O'Mahoney ; and the Rev J. J. O'Riordan, of b-rafton, goes to Kempsey vice Very Rev. John O 'Sullivan, ' New Zealand Missions. — We learn from our exchanges that Catholicity is rapidly establishing itself in the several dioceses otJNew- Zealand. Scarcely a paper comes to hand from any of the provinces that does not bring news of the erection of new churches and Catholic schools. Even the new bishop, Dr. Redwood, following in the footsteps ' of Dr. Moran, and aided by his priests, who are moBfc zealously co operating with him, has done muoh pious work during the short time he has been in charge of his diocese, We notioe amongst hia priests whose names are mentioned in papera lately to hand, the name of the Rev. C, H. Kirk,, who laboured piously and to good effect for many years m the parish of St. Patrick's in this; city. Father K! . k i .= ? i , ? ; j ,£ d at Wanganui, in the province of W ?-.... ,mi ia afc prfBent en_ eaged m erectile ?,, !??...„ ni.,,,.^' n^u» to bis congregati ; ; ... f BW an(i very poor- the* onurcli is only u- iJ0 merely a small wooden building. Father Kirk, like a number of what may be called [the pioneer missionaries of New Zealand, ig acting very judiciouslyin attempting only to supply the present want of his missi- J His friends in Sydney might do him. a °n? service by helping him in his goo'1 ' freat! contributing something towards f ', ' Wo^ ?* of the building fund. Ano*\ '* bf ?£r mATaid Zealand priests known to ' ^n £vhe Rt? colony for piety, fear-' the.Cath.°ko* of this Ohftstagnon who i- ^^ an.d zeal« 1S Father in the ThaW V- paneh Priest of Shortland, him and pj- dl^rict Wo ofteii hear of friend ^'i Tu oasJonal'v from him, and many MS?*,? «be 8 ad fc0 leam thafc by the late-* eX ? I tlJfJev- gentleman was enjoying ex. Father Ch ?' Ifc wiU be rem^ber^d gthab vears at £ ^ was s-^ioned ' for many Confiemation.— His Grace Archbishop Vaugban (says the Illawarra Banner) adminis tered the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. rToT HvJ8r 3 Church, there being upwards oi 120 candidates. His Grace gave the children some -very forcible and salutary instructions upon the great Sacrament thnv w«r« ah«,,i. *~ receive, and winch, if received with the worthy Disposition, would be certain to bring down upoa them the sevenfold/gifts of the Holy Ghost. The Confirmation being over, His Grace addressed the congrgahon upon the neccessity of providing a tree residence for the Good Sisters of thl Convent m the town, aud promised to give hia plan of action in that matter. The business oemg concluded, the Branch Association of col lection for St. Mary's Cathedral, was opened, and members were appointed by His Grace to collect in tins distriofc for that object Presentation to Father Rioedan —A meeting of the friends of the Rev. Father fZt^ T ^lulbl' ^ held (aays ihe Grafton Examiner) at the School of Arts on Saturday dlcSdel ft *£ 'f Kftef ?TQ «»ve»alion 5 ™* decided that a testimonial, to consist of a nursa stteTtoTh8 and ^ addresS' 8hould be-a' sented to the reverend gentleman at an early fH *tS T ° his dePart»re from the district to tne Macteay River, where he has been ap. pointeu to officiate. Mr. T. Morrissey occupied the chair, and Messrs, D. Dui/gan and T. ? -vj nwu cjdutou juiuij treasurers, and JJ. Barrett, honorary Hecretary, to the committea appointed to carry out the above objects. Deniliquin Catholic Church.— The devotions of the Jubilee, f which were opened by the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan on Sunday last, were closed on Wednesday morning They appear to have been well attended. On. Wed nesday morning the Bishop, before administering Confirmation addressed those to be confirmed pointing out to them that its effects depended on the ends for which Chriafc instituted it, and on the dispositions with which they came to receive it. He left on Thursday to commence tbe same exsrclses at Corowa nexb Sunday. ? Pastoral Times, Nov. 13. Order or St. Gregory.— When liis lord ship Dr. Quinn ata.ounceci at his reception on Saturday (aava the Orange Advocate) thab hia Holiness the Pope had been pleased to confer upon a gentleman in this town one of the most honourble lay distinctions that could be received at_ his hands— -notwithstanding that his Lord ship withheld the name— it wan pretty generally known that no other was meant than James Dalton, Esq., J.P., who, by hia muniGcenis and uunsteutatioijs gifts, not only to the church to. which he. belongs, but to all good objects, has rendered himself conspicuous as a cheerful giver The diploma which. Mr. Dalton has bears date Saptembfri- 25th, 1S/4, and he (shortly expects to be placed in possession of the regalia of the rder, 