*'Honrs in a Library,'! by Leslie Stephen, is a book of delicate criticism which should be read by all who desire to cultivate the power of appreciation. How and what to admire requires some study. It is easy to condemn. " Errors like straws upon the surface flow, Those who would seek for pearls must dive below," There is no surer sign of hopeless ignorance the flippant ana indiscriminate censure by which young men of immature judgment sometimes think to show their superiority. A judicious critic is the best guide for those who would explore the realms of truth and beauty, but we should not follow him blindly. Eveiy one is liable to error, and. we srast exercise our judgment if we wish to improve it._ Mr. Stephen is an analytical critic, and ingeniously separates each indi vidual peculiarity, wmch combined make the power and beauty of the author of whom he speaks. For instance, he shows how Defoe succeeded in making Action appear to be fact —first, by knitting together a chain of evi dence upon which he contrives to concentrate the attention of the reader and make him forget that it hangs upon an unknown and insecure foundation—in which he has been successfully imitated by Poe; secondly, by putting in little hits of unimportant detail— as, for instance, where Robinson Crusoe records "This day I began to digand thirdly, and this is the most refined method, by throwing a slight discredit upon the story, as if from an impartial bystander. This he does with wonderful effect in his *' History of the Plague," the reader being often called upon to decide which is true of two different versions of the same incident, when both are in point of fact the invention of the author. Mr. Stephen illustrates his essay by the well-known story of Mrs. Veal's Ghost, composed as an advertisement to sell "Drehncourt on Death." There are two essays on Pope, an author very much neg lected in the present day, even by those most familiar with his epigrammatic lines. The following extract is from his critique upon Hawthorne* to whose genius he does full justice, except in comparing the "Twice Told Tales" to Beau Brummel's "failures." Speaking of the half supernatural fancies in which Hawthorne delights he says, " Spiritualism and its attendant superstitions are the gross and vulgar form of the same phase of thought as it occurs in men of highly strung nerves but defective cultivation. Hawthorne always speaks of these modern goblins with the contempt they deserve, for they shocked his imagination as much as his reason; but he likes to play with fancies, which are not altogether dissimilar, though his refined taste warns him that they become disgusting when grossly translated into tangible symbols. Mesmerism, for example, plays an important part in * The Blithedale Romance' and ' The HonBe with the Seven Gables,' though judiciously softened and kept in the back ground. An example of the danger of such tendencies may be found in his country man Edgar Poe, who with all his eccentri cities had a most unmistakable vein of genins. Poe is a kind of Hawthorne and delirium tremens. What is exquisitely fanciful and airy in the genuine artist is replaced in his rival by an attempt to over power 08 with dahblings in the charnel house and prurient appeals to our fears of the horribly revolting. After reading some of Poe's stories one feels a kind of shock to one's modesty. We require some kind of spiritual ablution to cleanse our minds of his disgustingfimages; whereas Hawthorne's pure and delightful fancies, though at times they may have led us too for from the healthy contact of everyday interests, never leave a stain upon the imagination, and generally succeed in throwing a harmonious colouring upon some object in which we had previously failed to recognise the beautiful." Haw thorne's son has published two novels of late, both giving evidence of hereditary genius; but Julian Hawthorne has not the ideality of his father. There is the «am" sort of difference in their creations that there is between the course-grained supematuralism of " Der Freischutz" and the airy music and delicate spiritings of " The Tempest." "The Greville Memoirs; a Journal of the Reigns of King George IV. and King William IV.," by the late Charles C. F. Greville, Esq., edited by Henry Reeve, although occasionally touched with the coarseness of manners of a past age, is a book brimful of amusement for all who can enjoy gossip and good stories. It contains also enough historical information to soothe the consciences of those who think that they should read only to learn and digest, for no one can lay it down without feeling that he has'a clearer comprehension of the events and characters which occupied the field of Eng lish history between 1818 and IS37. Whether he is the better for such knowledge is perhaps an open question. It was an age when party-spirit was all powerfull, and Mr. Greville appears to have had a quicker eye for the defects than for the merits of the great personages whom his position as Clerk to the Privy Council gave him excellent opportunities for observing. Perhaps if some of these had known that there was " a ckiel amang them takin' notes" they would have been more careful how they exposed their weak points. The book is said to have given much offence at Court, and no wonder. It j cannot be pleasant to the Queen to see the faults and follies of her uncles brought out with such distinctness. " The sting of wit is truth,"and there is abundance of both in these pages. Of William IV, Mr. Greville says, " He is only a mountebank, but bids fair to become a maniac." He describes the Duke of York's household as the worst managed in England. " There are a great many servants, and nobody waits on you; a vast number of horses, and none to ride or drive." The Duke sat down to whist with £5 points after dinner, and would never stir from the table " as long as a party could be made."' He delighted in coarse jokes, and never paid any one, not even his surgeon and physician, and yet Mr. Greville says of him that he was "the only one of the sons of George the Third who had the feelings of an English gentle man." TheDukeof Gloucester he sets down as as a thorough fool, and the Duke of Cum berland was so rude and offensive in his remarks that some ladies would not permit their daughters to meet him. But of all the great personages figured in these volumes no one fares worse than George IV, "A more contemptible, cowardly, selfish, unfeel ing dog does not exist," says Mr. Greville with pretty strong emphasis. There are only too many illustrations of his habits of swearing and rioting and his dread of ridi cule. It was the most difficult thing to get him to attend to business. He would talk about racers and Newmarket in the Council Chamber. During the last years of his life he never got up till 6 o'clock in the j afternoon, went to bed again at 11. i and would ring his bell forty times in the night to ask the time, which he could have found out by turning his head, or for the glass of water which was close within his reach. " When he died they found £10.000 in his boxes and money scattered about everywhere, a great deal of gold. There were above 600 pocketbooks" with money in every one of them. There were heaps of trinkets and trash, "a prodigious quantity of hair—women's hair—of au colours and lengths, soma locks with the pewder a*d pomatum still sticking to them, heaps of women's gloves, gages d'amour, which he had got at halls and with the perspiration still marked on the fingers." A lady's glove is for more charming as a relic in theory than in fact, as many a sentimental lover has discovered for himself. At the end of a year it is apt to look un pleasant, and at the end of ten years—if ever any lover kept one so long—it would invite the intervention of a pair of tongs to convey it to the dustbin. Mr. Greville thinks that both George and William were more or less mad, and Lord Brougham as mad as any body. He speaks truly enough of the latter as "dropping on the woolsack as on his poli tical deathbed." He gives a vivid account of the scene at the dissolution of Parliament ' in 1531, previous to the passing of the Reform Hill, when the Lords were in noisy debate np to the very moment of the King's •seeading the throne, end the Chancellor (Brougham) kept "skipping in and oat ot the House, and moat extraordinary speeches. In the midst of the uproar he went eat of the House, when Lord Shaftes bury was moved into the chair. In the middle of the debate Brougham again came . "*• "J!1 mid, 'it waa most extnonluiary that { the Hug's undoubted right to dissolve Farlia* ; ment should be questioned at a moment when the House of Commons had taken Hie un precedented course of stopping the supplies,' and having ao said (which was a He) | he flounced out of the House to receive the King on his arrival. The Kmg ought not properly to have worn | |*h« crown, never having been crowned; out when he was in the robing-room he said to Lord Hastings, 'Lord Hastings, I wear the crown; where is it ?' It was brought to ■him, and when Lord Hastings was going to potrtonMs head he said, 'Nobody shall pnt the crown on my head but myself.' He put it on, and then turned to Lord Grey and said, 'Now, my Lord, the coronation is over. George VUliers said that in his life he never saw such a scene, and as he looked at the King npon the throne with the crown loose upon his head and the tall grim figure of Lord Grey close beside him with the sword of state in his hand, it was as if the Ring had got his executioner beside him, and the whole picture looked strikingly typical of his and our future destinies"—destinies still in the future. Neither the Grown nor the aris tocracy have fallen yet, and could the antagonist® of the Reform Bill have looked forward to results they would have seen that in the extremity of their fears they were making " Much ado about nothing." A man who has been physician to two or three of the Bonapartes and who has entirely made his own way in the world must have something to say that is worth hearing, and the "Autobiography of A. B. Granville," M.D., F.R.S., edited by his daughter, contains the history of an eventful life prolonged to very nearly ninety years. Agostino Bozzi was born in Milan in 1783, and his only right to the name of Granville arose from the possession of an English maternal ancestor so called. He originally ! thought of entering the Charch of Home, i though he afterwards became a Protestant, I and eventually chose the profession of medi cine. In 1S02 he left his studies to escape a conscription, joined a company of strolling ' players and wandered far and wide, but, unlike most wanderers, seemed always to fall upon bis feet in every fresh place. In the Ionian Islands he met with the late Mr. W. R. Hamilton, and was by him offered the post of Physician to the British Embassy at Constantinople. The doctor "jumped at the offer," adopted the Turkish dress, and made notes of all he saw upon his travels. He was afterwards second physician to the Turkish fleet, then supercargo of a Venetian vessel, then medical officer on board a Portu guese man-of-war, and in 1813 settled in London, having previously taken the name ef Granville. He then entered as a pupil at Westminster Hospital, his medical education having been of the most slender description, giving lessons at the same time in Latin, mathematics, and chemistry. It was a long time before patients began to consult him, and he made many expeditions to the Continent, when such expeditions were rare, and contributed largely to ephe meral literature as the result of his travels, before be began to succeed in his profession. ! It is probable that he owed his practice among distinguished foreigners to his unusual knowledge of foreign languages, j In 1840 he had been attending Joseph Napoleon, who had had a fit of apoplexy in London, and on July 26 went to see Mm on board the steamer chartered to convey him to Rotterdam when Prince Louis, 1 afterwards Emperor, came to bid good-bye to Ms uncle. Joseph recalled to his memory a promise of the night before not to embark in ; any fresh plots " compromising the honour I and the name of Bonaparte." Dr. Granville gives the dialogue in the original French. As the bell sounded for the departure of visitors the old man, still holding the hand of ms nephew, repeated his warning— Ao plots, you understand. Keep your money for important occasions. When France wants us she will call for us.' ' Do not be uneasy, uncle,' was the reply; 'you may truBt me,' retreating one or two steps in the meanwhile. ' Truly ?' cried the uncle with tears in his eyes. ' Upon my word of honour!' exclaimed the Prince, with one hand upon his heart, and he was gone." At that very moment the expedition to Boulogne was organized, and in the fortress of Hum Louis Napoleon had ample time to meditate upon his duplicity. Br. Granville's book is a pleasant one, and perhaps none the less so for a little harmless vanity, "Mendelssohn: Letters and Recollec tions, by Dr. Ferdinand Hiiler, translated y vf' ^on Glehn," is a very interesting addition to the biography of this great man, and brings him before us very pleasantiy. Mendelssohn was not only a master of _ his own art, but was on a level in intellect and cultivation with eminent men of all kinds, and would have been an ornament to any society. If his genius had not flowed out in music it would have made itself conspicuous in other ways. His letters ate charming, full of acute and delicate criticism, lively observation, and pro found thought. He wrote almost equally well in German, English, French, and Italian, simplicity and grace of his style is debghtfuL Mendelssohn was a slightly made man, with an eager earnest face. When con ducting his "Oratorio of Elijah" his whole figure seemed to yield to the music. It was as if the fragile form gave life to the sweet sounds breathing itself out in glorious harmony. His eye dilated and his face was fit up by the expression which pervades all his music—aspiration earnest, humble, and devout. His letters aloue would make up an. admirable autobiography, and we hope that more of them will be given to the world. \\\ e have room for only a short extract. He says, after speaking of the per formance of some of Bach's music as wanting in interest" 1 like so inuch when there is that kind of uncertainty which leaves room for me and for the public to have an opinion. In Beethoven, and Handel, and Bach, one knows beforehand what it will be, and a great deal more besides. You are quite right in saying that it is better in Italy where people have new music every year mid must also have a new opinion every year| jf opinions and the music were a little bit better, At this you snort and say ' What is better V Well, if you want to know, something more to my taste." Here is a little bit of suggestive autobio graphy; "At the Sing Academic in Berlin they sang a piece of iny own in such a way that I should have got seriously angry if Cecile had not sat by me and kept on saying 'Dear husband, do be calm. They also played me some quartets, and always bungled the very passages that they had bungled ten years ago, and which made me furious ten years 1 Proof immortality 0f the "Comparative Politics," by E. A. Free man, consists of six lectures delivered at the Loyal Institution last year, tracing the like ness between the political institutions of various nations. When this likeness is real i t is of little consequence what the institu tions are called. In Mr. Freeman's own words, " If two nations are shown by other evidence, especially by philological evidence applied to other subjects, to be kindred nations, holding in common a large share of primitive stock—if the nature of their political institutions, no less than their lan guage, their mythology, their customs of other kinds, naturally suggests the thoughfa 0f a common derivation—the mere fact that their institutions do not bear cognate names is not enough to disprove or even to throw doubt upon the common derivation of these insti tutions." There are some likenesses which extend so widely that no arguments can be based upon them, and among these we should be inclined to place the commencement of nations by the assemblage of families or clan, elect ing one head, which seems almost everywhere to have gradually given way to the assem blage of tribes which derive their onion from local rather, than genealogical ties. - lb the first form of society, derived often from the worship of a common ancestor, old *n» papttub^ and the Utter intolerance of each dn, if kept within bounds for purposes of mutual interest, only blazed out more densely against the rest of the world. Local ties being less binding were less aggressive, and weakened the ascendancy of but the development of nations has been of slow growth, and the older the world grows the 1 broader becomes the of onion. Man began by isolating himself like the brate in his own specie! den, the hand of each being against that of his neighbour. When shall we learn to carry ont the Christian precept in its entirety and evety man love his neighbour as himself? _ " Telegraph and Travel: a Narrative of the Formation and Development of Telegraphic Communication between England and India," by Colonel Sir Frederic Goldsmid, C.B., K.C.S.I., is an interesting and not too technical acconnt of all the obstacles and difficulties encountered by those who planned and executed the Indian Telegraph. These, as might be expected, arose chiefly from the variety of countries to be passed through ana the innumerable prejudices to be overcome.^ Our own telegraph was a triumph of science and courage, the Indian telegraph was a triumph of diplomacy and perseverance; and the vexations delays caused _ by oriental craft, oriental jealousies, and oriental indolence must have taxed the wit, the powers, and the patience of the managers to the highest degree. Persia bail first to be convinced of the fact that she wanted a telegraph. Then she protested that she could make it for herself, and when persuaded to accept £10,000 per amuim to allow England to make it for her she made a new grievance out of the fact that she was not allowed to work it. If the Turks worked their lines why conld not the Persians work theirs? When these diffi culties had been got over and the line was begun a new obstacle arose in a disputed boundary. _ Turks and Persians both claimed a certain piece of land, and it seemed as if the telegraph conld not be made over this until the long-disputed question was decided. Each party protested its right to put up the poles. Now the Turks used iron poles _ and the Persians wooden ones, so Sir Arnold Kemball hit upon the happy expedient of putting up iron and wooden poles alternately ail through the disputed territory. The telegraph poles were themselves often a cause of provoking delays. The Shah gave orders to the Governor of each province to fnnrsb the poles, but the Governors often took not the slightest notice of these orders, and in their turn actually had the impertinence to order the British officers to do no work within their jurisdiction. The honesty of the English officials was also greatly in the way, every little village potentate being utterly disgusted to find his schemes for making money for himself out of the peasants frustrated' by the British officer's rule of seeing every workman paid in his presence. When we consider the number of different countries the telegraph had to pass through, each of which presented similar obstacles, we shall not be surprised that the por tion of the Indian Telegraph from Kurrache to Constantinople was eight years in construction. It was begun by Colonel Stewart—Pat Stewart as he was called—and completed by the author of the book, Colonel Goldsmid. Colonel Stewart, whose adven tures read like a romance, was a delicate man of extraordinary energy and extreme oon scientionsness, equally careless of his health and of danger; so active in his work that "five riding horses barely sufficed him," and taking his relaxation in hunting "big game." He was once carried off by a tigress, which after wounding him in thirteen places dropped her victim thinking him dead. He obtained a very reluctant permission to jein the second expedition for the relief of Lucknow after he had distinguished himself in the first, and was followed by a special telegram to the Com mander-in-Chief, intimating that he was not to be killed upon any account. Sir Colin Campbell was just reading this when he saw Stewart slipping off with a party of skir mishers, who expected hot work. "Come out of that," shouted the chief at the top of his voice; "not content with killing yourself you must give me the credit of it." Stewart made arrangements for the cable to cross the Persian Go If, and died a few days after the completion of the line from the borders of that sea to Bagdad. Colonel Gold smid seems to have been an admirable successor, and his incidents of travel are not less interesting than his history of the tele graph, The glory and mystery of the East are departing; telegraph wires cross the plains of Nineveh : Bagdad, or Baghdad, as the author spells it, turns out to be a mere modern city, and there are no cats in Angora! 