H THE I OLD HOUSE BY THE I BOYNE ; II 0Ej I EECOLLECTIONS OF AN IEISH I BOEOUGH. m ? _ ? .*. ? I By MRS. J. SADLIER. I CHAPTER X. A party of officers, three in number, and evi dently fresh from the mess-room, were pass ing at the moment ; they laughed and talked in that loud excited way which indicates a certain degree of intoxication, and seeing the two ladies they probably thought it a good opportunity for having ' a lark.' The young est of the three, accordingly, came up to Hose, and with a mock politeness offered his arm, asking permission to ' see her home.' Another did the same _ to. Miss Ackland, I if enjoying the joke. Miss Ackland drew her i piece's arm within her own, and merely say ing—' I perceive, gentlemen, you are under a mistake,' walked on with as much compo* sure as she could assume. But the others were not to begot rid of; declaring with ironical gravity they could not think of al lowing ladies to remain [unprotected at that late hour , and enchanging glances amongst themselves, they walked on beside the aunt and niece, peering under their bon nets, and otherwise annoying them by ridicu lous questions which, of course, they did not deign to notice. The two first mentioned kept their places on either side of the ladies, whilst the elder amused himself with the gambols of a magnificent greyhound, a crea I ture of rare grace and beauty. ' JVow, by Jove, I call this the rarest piece I of good fortune,' said suddenly the gentleman j who had succeeded in getting a glimpse of i Eose s face, ' why, Singleton .' tbis is the verv 1 IT^Sl whom I saw the other day with Miss Ball.' I ' You don't sav so. OnrnAll ?' 'But Idol-pray, Miss-ah! excuse me -I forget your name !' speaking in that ex ! aggerated English accent wherein young tockney mihtaires are wont to exhibit their brainless coxcombry, 'may I have the honour? and bowing with more real polite ness than before, he again offered his arm .Koseonly answered by shrinking closer to her aunt while both quiekened their steps in more trepidation than they wished to have seen But the gentlemen saw it and were much amused, asking did the ladies suppose they were going & run way with ,12° iy?» T11 ^°\ favom' me ™fo your 'Sir,' said Miss Ackland, stopping short In L r' fnd drawins herself UP ^ that dignity which no one better could assume and she looked the impudent coxcomb rlTS he ace, 'Sir Jwill tell you this young adysname which is also mine-it is Ack K7\T»0l£ and not honoured here n Drogheda.' The young man, as if by an Lectof /aiSCd1hlS mi}itar? caP with the re Son failgenti\man f°r a l*d?' His com panion followed his example, At this moment the elder officer, with an authorahve 'Down Cato' to his dog eaeeriv goachedMiss Ackland, and stgp^gt S « w^'a deep' and as u LLd much at \hl f the »lady rePlied' wondering ffbbS^S18^' question and the emo? laadi'V relation, may I ask, of George Ack 'I'^ounl^fr'-8';'-1118 °nlJ dau^er,and \ VS.' y 1S llls goddaughter, and prfssefv1!01^ turned aside for a moment, Stl^f/.01118 fore^d as though Mi An\i th™hh.™8 brain, then turning to SaiL Ckland Wlth free^S politeness? he IamiT beatd th£ name before- although ^e££?J lnDr°Sbeda, having joinfd 4Se Phereat ^illmount bStJa few ^d you say r SS °n' madam ! Mlss Ackland, ;;^ss Ackland/' iand & L he guttered, again raising his ^CedltaT^^? recoll^ting himself 'Pass on lS- ? dly' bufc yet courteously annovanl ?dles ! *m sha11 re-*ive no further tinueourwalff^ gentlemen ! let us cou t]ieini?eplied).leaSe' MaJ0r Melville !' one of tu^S!rjepeatedMiss Ackland, in her ' AygSd-Sy ?» me P°we^ul emotion, lo^eri L K ]-e ! the officei- ^plied, and, the PeS IT™ S°, Is only to be heard b? 11 ** broLv ??°d' .he said in a whisper- ; 6terValrno,gf eU7bufc I have not!' ^ * * almost fiercely added, then, taking 1 the arm of one of his companions, he turned away, and the ladies were left to pursue their way m peace. JSTor did they have any mor* boisterous laughter or loud talk from the party of officers, sobered, it would seem, by the late rencontre, the two younger probably ashamed of their conduct, now that they round the ladies they had so annoyed were really entitled to their respect. Of the little episode between their newly-arrived major and the eider lady they were, of course, un aware, so could form no surmises on the sub ject. It was with no ordinary pleasure that the ladies found themselves back again in the secure shelter of their own quiet home ; out side the door they were met by Nancy, who had grown uneasy when the night began to tall, and they not yet returned. ' Fervent, in deed, was her act of thanksgiving as she saw them through the dim twilight ascending the steps, and with all the alacrity of youth she hastened to meet them. ' Oh ! the Lord be praised, Miss Ackland, dear ! sure it's beginnin' to be afeard I was that something had happened !' # Rose was just beginning to tell, in a half esting way, that something had happened, but her aunt stopped her by asking 'NW.v it tea were ready. The old woman vanished directly. ' Now, my dear Eose,' said Miss Ackland, laying her hand on her neice's arm, and Eose shrank from its touch, for it was icy cold— now, my dear Rose, what have you to tell Nancy that is worth telling ? Let us go in ? I feel weak and tired.'' ' When they reached the parlour, where two candles were burning on either end of the high, old-fashioned mantelpiece. Miss Aek land sank .heavily into a chair, it washer father s old arm-chair. The light from the mantel-piece shed a ghastly glare on her features, and Eose was shocked to see them pale as death. She would have run to fetch JNancy, but her aunt gently 'detained her, say ing that it was only a little fatigued she was, and a cup of tea was all she required. 'I knew you were more alarmed than you allowed them to see, aunt,' said Rose, as she took off Miss Ackland's bonnet and mantilla ; we really must not put ourselves again in the way of such an adventure.' 'We shall havo f,o an rmi-. rtQiOir,,, ' c,;a Miss Ackland m a languid tone, ' and enioy the twilight at home,' she added with a wan smile. '' But did you observe, my dear aunt, what a nne-lookmg man that Major Melville is ? I really could not help admiring him as he stood for a moment near you.' 'Melville!' cried Nancy, who was just coming in with the teapot in one hand, and a small plate of crumpets in the other. 'Who's that you're talkin' about, Miss Eosey ?' 'Of a gentleman we met since we went out,' said Miss Aofcland, raising herself in her chair and endeavouring to regain her usual composure. m ' A gentleman 1 What gentleman ?' per sisted Nancy, laying down her light burden and fixing her eyes on her mistress. ' An officer,' said Miss Ackland, smiling at the simple earnestness of her old domestic; then she added with a strange smile—' Not a dead Melville ! Nancy, but a living one ? no ghost, I assure you !' The old woman appeared to understand the allusion, she muttered something to her self, unintelligible to others, and placing the two lonely-looking chairs at the table, she said, 'Tea's on the table, Miss Ackland!' then withdrew to her own premises, to ponder on the circumstance — to her simple mind ex traordinary—of the ladies having 'come across' ^a gentleman of the once-familiar name of Melville, so long unnamed under that roof. ' Why, aunt,' said Eose innocently, ' the J name of Melville seems to be familiar to Nancy. Did you, then, ever know any of the J name?' ' Yes, Eose,' said Miss Ackland, laying down the cup of tea which her trembling hand had refused to hold, 'I once had a friend of that name — many, many years ago.' Her soft eyes filled with tears, and there was a depth of sadnes3 in her low, tremulous I voice that told of such sorrow as Eose had never known. This the girl felt, and she was silent, resolving in her mind whether the friend so tenderly remembered might not be the gentleman of whom Nancy had once spoken to her. ^ ' Eose.' said Miss Ackland, tC please to ringfor Nancy. I see you have finished your tea.' The tea-things were removed, and Miss Ackland, instead of taking up a book or her knitting, as usual, threw back the curtains from the window, and stood looking out on the moonlit sky and the lovely panorama of land and water that stretched far and away beneath that gorgeous canopy. There was a chair in the deep recess of the window, and Miss Ackland seating herself there at last, beckoned Eose to her. ' Bring that ottoman, Rose, and sit down here beside me.' Eose joyfully obeyed, never so happy as when near her aunt. Then both were silent for a long, long while, look ing dreamily out on the fair night, whosj blue depths and whose silvery light were so very like the heaven we dream of in our bet ter moments. ' Yes, Eose,' said Miss Ackland. as if re suming the theme of that brief conversation which, broken off all too soon, had so deeply interested Eose, 'yes, my dear child, the name of Melville is one that shall live in my heart while its pulses beat— yet though sweet as music to my ears, it is the most painful of sounds awaking the very bitterest of thoughts and the saddest recollections.' ' My dear aunt !' whispered Eose sooth ingly—she had never heard her speak so be fore. ?' Rose, you are all I have now left to com fort me,' resumed Miss Ackland— 'we two are alone in the world— why, then, should I not make you acquainted with the one secret of my life, that ' silent sorrow' which has preyed upon my heart so long? Whilst my dear father lived I had one who knew and understood the cause of my life-long sadness, but since he is gone, I feel the load heavier than ever, and I see no reason now why I should not admit you, the last of all my kin, into the solitude of my heart.' Eose answered only by a fond caress, and her aunt went on after a moment's recollec tion : ' I was about your age, my dear Eose, when I first became acquainted with Ealph Melville, then some three years older; his family belonged to the county Ealdare, but he had embraced a seafaring life some years before, when a mere boy, at the request and under the care of a maternal uncle, who was captain and part owner of a large merchant vessel trading chiefly between the Mediter ranean ports and those of the British Islands. The captain and my father had had much connection in business— indeed, he was one of the two partners of Capt. Dillon in the ownership of the vessel. They were old and fast friends, and when Ealph began to go to sea with his uncle, after spending some years at_school_ in Leghorn, he was, of course, re ceived with the same cordial welcome at our house, when their vessel came to Drogheda, first on account of his uncle, but very soon on his own. Years passed on, and the hand some youth became a man, and such a man ! —oh, Eose, I shall not attempt to describe him to you. Suffice it to say that it was not in his features or his form the charm lay that won all hearts. It was in the frank and generous nature, the delicacy of feeling, and the natural grace and refinement that mani fested themselves in every word and action, with a gay, dashing, degage air that was in finitely pleasing, and as far removed as could be from the self 'occupation of vanity.' ' It seems as though. 1 could see him now,' said Eose in a low tone, as if fearing to interrupt the narrative even by a sound ; ' Nancy has told me what he looked like.' ' Oh. ! she has, has she ??— poor old Nancy ! she loved Mm, too, aud so did Mabel — how could they help it, for he was kind and gene rous to all ? And there was one who loved Ealph Melville better than all, but I think — I fear he never knew it.' Eose did not ask who that one was, she knew it all too well. Miss Ackland paused as if to collect her thoughts for the remaining portion of the narrative, but m reality to control her feel ings, so as to speak with the composure that became her sober years. Having partially succeeded, she continued her recital : ' I was young thep, my dear Eose, for you will remember that it was * twenty golden years ago'— young I was, and, as some people thought, well-favoured'— she smiled — ' amongst these was Ealph Melville, who, unhappily for himself, learned to love me as man, or woman either can love but once. And how proud I was of his love I will not attempt to conceal from you. So lie used to come the welcomest of guests to this old house of oura, whenever his ship came to Drogheda ; he came, to one at least, ' Like birds that bring Summer and fly when 'tis o'er.' His first visits were with his uncle, a hale, hearty old _ gentleman, and a 'jolly tar' to hoot, manifesting in his own proper person the very best characteristics of the profession, i ueiieve Captain Dillon cherished a hope of I making a match, as he would call it, between his favourite nephew and the only daughter of his old friend, but I soon discovered that my father had higher views for me, and be gan to look coldly on Ralph Melville, per ceiving in what light he regarded me. But 1 1 1 1 t 1 nr-i ii I one ami Antumn aay, JKaipii came alone, with crape on his hat, and sorrow ia his eyes, and in his heart ; his good old uncle, his more than father, had died suddenly whilst on a short visit at their house, which was really his home, for he had no other. This was sad news for us all, for we loved the blunt, warm-hearted sailor, and we grieved to think that we should see his honest face no more. Alas ! for ' the old familiar faces' —how they vanish, one by one from our life's iarkening path ever as we journey onward ! JL'he old man had fortunately left a will, and :iis share of the Frances Anne (the ship was lamed after Mrs. Melville, Ralph's mother) vas left to Ralph, with a recommendation to ;he other partners to give him the command ; he few thousand pounds the captain had had ' n the Bank of Ireland was the only provision low remaining for his widowed sister and wo younger ^children, a youth of nineteen , nd a girl of sixteen. (To be continued.) 