A SERMON Preached -by the Right Reverend Samuel Thornton, D.D., on the Occasion of His Installation as Bishop of Ballaarat, in Christ Church, on Wed nesday, August 11, 1875. The t?vo anointed ones [or sons of oil] that stand by the Lord of the whole eai'th, — Zechabiah, iv. 14. We fetch our text for this morning's solemn service from the Book of the Prophet Zechariah, one of the most remarkable and suggestive, as it is certainly one of the most obscure, portions of the inspired Scriptures. This prophet was charged by God /with ? a message to His people of sympathy, encouragement, and revival, at a- period of their history when, amid poverty and hostility, they were seeking to plant anew and to develop the Temple ana ivingaom or Jenovan, under tne leaciersmp oi those two remarkable men, Zerubbabel the Prince, representa tive of the lay or civil element in the nation, and Joshua the High Priest, its religious or spiritual chief. In unfolding his errand, the Prophet records seven sublime visions, difficult of interpretation separately and in detail, but bearing unmistak able reference, when compared, to certain great central facts or truths, and throwing most instructive light upon each other. 'Rich and deep are these storehouses of divine wisdom, and, like some fertile field, they yield more than one harvest of inter pretation ; as in some teeming mine, whence more precious ores than one can be taken, one layer of spiritual significance in these visions underlies another. We have here the rehearsal of gospel blessings ; we are taught how the better Temple and ? Kingdom should be set up ; salvation and its means, the work of the Lord Jesus, the coming of the Holy Ghost, the ., destinies and triumph of the Church of Christ, are unfolded here, for those whose eyes are anointed to discern these things, and who have ears to hear what the Spirit saith unto the chjirches. O for help from above ! As we read, may it be — as with the prophet, so with us — -'As though an angel talked with' us and ' waked us, as men that are wakened out of sleep ;' for sense collapses, and nature is drowsy, in presence of the revelations of God. ; and the eye must be divinely opened, and the spirit must wake, before — in the high mood of spiritual consciousness — we can look upon and ponder the vision of the deep things of God. Perhaps the best known of these visions are those contained in the third and fourth chapters, which are intimately con nected with each other — almost as parts of the same vision— and are closed with the words of our text. In the third chapter, we have Joshua, the High Priest, standing as though he would exercise his office before God in the name of the covenant people ; but, lo ! Satan stands there to resist him. How should he minister in that presence, with the conscience of imperfection and sin? How should he keep his charge in filthy garments, and -... with an accusing Satan thrust between ? And how shall the Church or her ministers ever find acceptance and recognition in presence of that consuming Holiness, before which heaven and earth shall flee away ? The vision gives the answer. Joshua has an adversary, but he has an Advocate — ' The Angel of the Lord stands by.' The brand meet' for the burn ing is plucked thence ; Satan is rebuked ; the filthy garments are taken away ; his iniquity passes from him ; the sinful is sinless in God's sight, for a Redeemer has interposed. Clothed with white raiment, he is told that, in spite of all her unworthi ness, God has chosen Jerusalem. Then comes the call to ser vice — ' Walk in My ways, keep My charge, judge My house, and I will give thee a place to walk among these that stand by.' My people, there is an application which might have been made of this vision this morning by other lips than mine, which I forbear to do more than indicated. I cannot trust myself to dwell upon the personal reference it might obviously be made to bear to one who, summoned in the mysterious, but (as he ventures firmly to believe) the un mistakeable providence of God from the dear far-off fatherland to the chief pastorate of the Church of England Communion in this new diocese, solemnly assumes this day, before High God and in His holy Church, and with your loving and loyal concurrence, his place andf unctions in the midst of yon, as your brother and your servant in Christ Jesus. He has been called and charged and sent hither by lawful authority in the Church of Christ, not to have dominion over your faith, but to seek to be a helper of your joy ; not to sustain the dignities of a lofty office, but rather to be amongst you as one that faithfully serves, in administering and ordering the discipline and work of the Church in this important diocese, as shall most conduce to the spread of truth, the saving of souls, the glory of God, the hastening of the Redeemer's Kingdom. ' God be merciful to me, a sinner,' and grant even to me to wear and keep unstained the blood-washed raiment, white and clean ; to ' walk in His ways, and keep His charge, and judge His house' in that spirit of power, and of love, and of a sound mind, which cometh of Him alone ; aye, and of His great love grant even to me, and to each one of you also, my brothers and sisters in the Lord, a good, well-grounded hope of some humble place by-and- bye, up yonder in His nearer presence, 'among those that stand by.' The second part of the twofold vision we are pondering, sets before us not the minister, but the church — not the representa tive individual, but the corporate body at large. The prophet beholds a candlestick, all of gold; it has a single stem ; there is a bowl upon the top of it ; it has seven lamps, and seven pipes branching to them; and two olive trees (or olive branches) stand beside it, pouring into it, through two other pipes, cease less supplies of oil to feed their flame. r. \ This splendid object — this golden candlestick— is not met with here for the first time in the Bible, nor for the last. It formed, perhaps, the most striking feature, of the Temple furniture; its construction was minutely described in Exodus; and it stands carved upon the arch of Titus at Rome, V as conspicuous among the trophies captured: at Jerusalem : and it reappears in the Apocalypse of St. John, although here (and this, perhaps, may be significant as to . the special deficiencies of the Church in the latter days) the unity of the stem seems to pass out of sight, and we read of the seven golden, candlesticks. Among these the Master Himself was walking; , and we cannot miss the true meaning of the symbol, for He Himself interpreted it to the apostle as he gazed. 'The candlesticks are the churches'— the 'candlestick is the visible Church — God's witness in a sinful world ; illuminating its darkness; letting His light shine; holding forth the Word of Life. It has a single stem — whether men can discern its unity, or no — for it is one in its calling, in its faith, in its sympathies, in its aspirations. It has one bowl or reservoir of the heavenly oil, for is it not the one Word of God, from which alone it draws its consolations, its warnings, and its knowledge of His changeless will? But its lamps are seven — the number of completeness — for its diffusion is meant to be catholic or universal athwart the wide, wide world; and its pipes that supply them are seven, for the sacraments . and ordinances of Christ's Church, arid, the operations of ' His Spirit in her, are sufficient, if only men availed themselves of them aright, for all the needs of human souls. And all is of pure, fine gold. Such a material is unworkable, I have been told, in human art. Whether that be true, I know not ; but I know that in God's sanctuary no other was admissible. No, there was no alloy in the candlestick ! It was to be the type and standard of all that was true, sincere, and precious. If there is one thing the Lord stipulates for in His church more than another, it is reality. For ever away with all shams in His house and work ! 0 for reality in religion — in the churches ! To no other kind of church do the promises apply. Let the world have its comely pre tences, its conventional figments, its whited sepulchres : be the Church's standard far above and beyond all these : up — high up — should she move and breathe in a pure, clear atmos phere, where the adulterations and deceptions of the forum and the market are for ever unknown. The candlestick was, above all, unalloyed in its material. It was of fine gold — the. 'pure candlestick,' as it is called repeatedly in the Books of \- Moses. Learn, my hearers, from this beauteous vision, that God Himself takes profound interest in the visible Church, of which He has drawn for us here the portrait and the pattern. There are those who would make light of the condition of the Church in its outward organisation. I do not find the expression 'visible,' or 'invisible,' church in the Bible ; but that church must unquestionably be a visible organisation, to which we are to tell an obstinate brother's fault ; the church that is to have elders ordained for it ; the church whose unity is to convince the world ; the church that could be gathered together — could have an epistle addressed to it — could have its candlestick removed out of its place. And the condition of such visible organisation of professed believers must be matter of solemn importance. It must be right to pray for it ; to watch its state ; to sympathise with its purifi cation and its advance. Our God is thus interested in it. Who will not be also 1 It must be mistaken spirituality that ignores the golden candlestick. I care not to be wiser than my Bible, or more spiritual than the gospel itself. If the Church be nothing, what was this symbol that John and Zechariah saw ? . And yet what, of itself, is a candlestick ? Nothing what ? ever without the burning oil. Without that, it has no 'I meaning, no purpose ; it is emptiness and folly, however comely; a dark and useless thing; a vehicle without its charge ; an instrumentality without power or object. And this brings me, in conclusion, to the words of the text itself, with which you may have thought we were failing to deal, but to the true exposition of which we have been seeking gradually to conduct you. ' What are these olive trees, my lord ?' asked Zechariah of the angel. And when the angel gave him — as Jesus often gave His disciples — an answer that only stimulated, instead of satisfying, his holy curiosity, the prophet presses his question again. And when again it is unanswered, he puts it a third time with importunity. 'Then answered I and said to him — What are these two olive branches, which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves 1' An answer so long and earnestly waited for must be important when it comes. 'And he answered me and said, Knowest thou not what these be ? And I said, No, my lord. Then, said he, These are the two anointed ones, that stand by the Lord of the whole earth.' What does this mean ? It means that the Church's work is sustained and guaranteed by the Trinity, the1 Triune Lord Himself by each blessed Person in the God-head, in the individuality of His gracious attributes,' and by all the fulness of power and prerogative that dwells in the one holy, undivided Jehovah. By ' the Lord of the whole earth' seems meant the Almighty Father. All things are done in His presence ; His will prevails on- earth as in the heavens. The golden oil can mean nothing but the grace of the Holy Spirit, shed on His Church abundantly by Christ .Jesus; the sacred oil — fragant, consecrating, enlightening, which it was high treason to supersede by strange composi tions in the temple service, which it was blasphemy and death \- to counterfeit. Without this oil there is no light in a church. ' The pipes are useless ; the means and ordinances of religion . an empty show. It is only when they are channels of the :? Spirit's influence that their value is found. It is He that sustains the devotion, the soundness, the unity, the liberality of the faithful and praying Church; it is the ignoring, the grieving, the quenching of His grace that accounts for the debility, the '? barrenness, the death of churches. The true prosperity of our branch of Christ's Church in this diocese will turn, my ; brethren, not on the amount of money supplies, of buildings raised, of members registered ; but upon the extent to which God the Holy Ghost is believed in, honoured, trusted, sub mitted to, and, above all, sought in prayer by you and me, my people, and by others in our behalf. But what are the two anointed ones —the two sons of oil ? Are they Zerubbabel and Joshua ? They were anointed, assuredly — the one as of kingly descent and rank, the other to the high priesthood. And were they not the twin supporters of the visible Church of Israel in her time of trial 1 Aye, but we cannot so exhaust , the meaning of the vision. Not from Zerubbabel and Joshua does the oil flow for God's Church continually. Did they shed forth the Spirit as from a fountain-head % Let us look for a deeper spiritual meaning, upon the shoulders of this primary and immediate solution of the twofold figure. Is there not one who unites both their offices, as King and Priest for ever to His holy Church 1 - . Yes, the two sons of oil mean one Christ ; the two branches mean One whose name is the Branch ; the two olive trees stand for the one good Olive Tree, the holy Root of whose fatness we partake, for in Him all fulness dwells. We need not be startled at the double type of a single Jesus. Think of the two goats of the atonement day : the scapegoat, and that slain as a sin-offering, both meant Christ. He is the shepherd and the door, the priest and the victim. We see Him more clearly and solidly as we gaze at Him through the two fold image ; much as the binocular stereoscope, by means of the double picture, makes a portrait or landscape bulk upon the view. And is not this twofold character appropriate to the Blessed One 1 As seven is the number associated in Scrip ture with the Spirit and His work, so the number two fitly reminds of Him who, though not two but one Christ, is yet both God and Man : both king and priest, like Melchizedek; able to save to the uttermost, yet compassed with infirmities; at once the loftiest and the lowliest being in the universe. Out of Him the living Christ, as out of the two olive trees, flows directly, without manipulation or manufacture, all grace, all fulness, all life ! 'My God shall supply all your need, according to His riches in glory, by Christ Jesus.' All we have to do is to keep the pipes clear of obstacles, that bring the oil from the olive trees ! We cannot shine, if we receive not the ceaseless supply ! Study, meditation, communion ; it is thus the oil flows in ; the restraint of these will hinder or quench its flow. But the supply is inexhaustible. Be sure you con sume, not hoard, grace given ; see that you burn, not store, the holy oil ! If I turn out a gaselier, the gas ceases to flow in : the more I use, the more will come. So with, grace — the more we display, the more we shall receive. 0 for boldness, for a holy audacity of faith in drawing upon our God! We smite thrice and stay. Our oil ceases like the widow's, not because there is no more oil, but because we have not enough vessels. 0 my brethren, and sisters, I pant for the revival and rekindling of the flame in our Church's testimony here in Ballaarat, that the dark and chilly corners of our colony may be illumined by the holy light ! For this let us plead with God in private, in the family, in the house of prayer. For our Zion's sake let us not hold our peace ; for our brethren's sake let us not rest until the righteousness thereof goeth forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth. I entreat you, I charge you as one of your ministers, as your Bishop, to make the state of the Church in this our diocese matter — in the case of every one of you — of anxious interest, of real and honest exertion, of daily and habitual intercession. Wonderful as has been the advance — under the fostering care of my revered elder brother — of church work in this place upon days gone by, things must be made other than they are at present. And why not 1 The difficulties are great indeed, but is not the Trinity on our side, — sustaining the Church's work, guaranteeing its success, assuring it of supply and bless ing? ' Not by might, nor by power,' indeed: — 'but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.' Then, the temple shall be builfc — the mountain shall be removed. Who hath despised the day of small things 1 The eyes of the Lord, whatever men may say, rejoice to behold the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel, and His promise runs : — ' The hands that have laid the founda tion shall also finish.' Blessed thought, the Triune God is for us ; the Father looks on with sympathy ; the risen Son is the fountain-head of blessing to the congregations of His people, even where two or three only are gathered in His name on a lonely station in the bush : the Holy Spirit will never be denied to them that ask for Him. Such are the purposes — such the disposition — of God towards His people in this place. It is. for us to prove Him, and to find it true, that 'according to our faith, so shall it be unto us.' O, to that gracious Triune God let all our hearts go forth in loving adoration on this sacred day ! Let us draw near, in full assurance of faith, to His holy table, and feed with faith, in the power of His Spirit, on the bounties of redeeming grace. Let us be glad and rejoice before Him — yea, let us exceedingly rejoice, with that deep, calm joy with which men are glad who ' rejoice before the Lord.' For He is in our midst this morning. The angel of the Lord stands by, not only up there, in that august imperial presence, where ' the Lord of the whole earth' sits in glory unapproachable ; he stands by also here below, to sym pathise, to sanction, and to bless, while Joshua is robed for His service in His courts upon earth ; and in the midst of the ?congregation, as the true leader of our choirs, he sings praises unto God. Then who will not bow at His footstool, and worship before His face, and shout His praises? Faint and feeble are our songs at the best, we know; but, though we hear them not with the ear of sense, angels and archangels and all the company of heaven are joining in, responsive to the Church's song on earth ; and we, too, pastors and people, if we be of His faithful ones, shall add our alleluias to the tumultuous hymn of praise that all heaven is raising to the Lamb upon His throne, 'as the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings.' ^^^ 