THE PUNISHMENT OF DEATH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-Will you allow me space for a few remarks on capital punishment The subject is certainly a threadbare one, but perhaps an attempt to clear the discussion of some of the fallacies which usually encumber it may not be altogether useless. Of course, the leading idea of every penal code must be the suppression of crime. But if it is to bean enlightened code, if, indeed, it is to succeed in its primary object, it must look further : it must be just, Just to the criminal, and just to" the innocent, to the society which has been wronged. Now, the English penal code of 60 years ago utterly _ ignored justice to the criminal. It was determined to put down crime at all hazards, and the history of its administration is one long catalogue of hideous barbarities. It punished with death no less than 238 distinct offences, visiting with the same penalty concealment of a bankrupt's effects and the most brutal and deliberate murder. The natural result was that public opinion revolted against such monstrous cruelty and injustice, juries refused to convict even on the clearest evidence, and the law signally failed in its first object-the suppression of crime. Gradually the number of capital offences has been reduced, till only two or three of the very worst crimes remain liable to the death penalty. And now the pendulum threatens to swing to the other extreme. Then is a tendency amongst a section of the community to fall into the opposite error and ignore the other essential, justice to the innocent. indulging in a weak and unjust sympathy with the criminal they make excuses for crime, deprecate the natural and healthy feeling of indignation at its atrocities, and threaten to make the law cease to be a terror to evil doers. Either error must be fatal to the right administration of justice. Justice to the criminal demands that punishment should not be merely vindictive, but should be proportioned to the atrocity of the offence. Justice to society demands with equal force that it should be adequate. The arguments usually adduced against the death penalty-and I have specially in view those so elaborately set forth in Mr. Taylor's letter-are, I admit, cogent and indeed unanswerable. But they are hope the less fallacious. Like other overwhelming arguments they are too conclusive. They prove too much. . They demonstrate beyond all doubt that human law is full of fallibility and im- perfection. They certainly demolish what they are aimed at, but they resolve themselves into arguments equally destructive of all races and all systems of punishment. Let us, however, look at these arguments a little more closely. And, first, it is assumed that because the punishment of death does not restrain, therefore it is not dreaded. This is equally applicable to all punishments, yet no one proposes that penal servitude should be abolished,' because in spite of the danger of incurring it, men continue to com- mit robberies. The criminal always hopes that he will escape the just reward of his deeds. If it were certain that the punishment would be the inevitable consequence of the offence, men would as seldom commit crimes as they would put their hands into the fire. All that I maintain is, that the clear and definite presentation of death as the penalty for one or two strongly marked and atrocious crimes, has a greater hold on the imagination, and a consequently greater deterrent effect than the fear of any less punishment. The arguments drawn from the brutaluing tendency of public executions have no relevancy, as that method of carrying out the extreme penalty is universally condemned, and finally abandoned. No words of reprobation can be too strong to apply to a system which had the effect of degrading the most terrible act of the law into a brutal show, and converting the lowest ruffian into the hero of a public spectacle. The fact is, the argument that because a punishment is not entirely deterrent it is therefore ineffective, involves us in hopeless absurdities. Not less fallacious is the theory that every man who commits an atrocious crime must be insane. In one sense it may be true enough. Philosophers and doctors tell us that we are all more or less mad. And we do not expect to find a man whose faculties are properly balanced, and whose moral sense is healthy, committing a great crime. Nor, on the other hand, is there any one who would hang absolute madmen. This would not only be barbarous, but useless. But to argue back and say that because a man commits an atrocious crime he must be mad is merely to play with words, or at best to indulge in vague and rather maudlin sentimentalism. The doctrine of " irresistible propensity " leads its advocates into strange contradictions. The " irresistible propensity to steal is quite as common as the irresistible propensity to kill, and yet no one has yet had the temerity to propose that thieves should be treated as lunatics, and not as criminals. Why then should murderers, unless indeed they are proved to be the victims of homicidal mania. The act is that this so-called " irresistible tendency " is, in nine cases out of ten only another name for uncontrolled wickedness, and I see no reason why, if men choose to surrender themselves unresistingly to the sway of their worst passions, they should be saved from the just penalty of their misdeeds. That would be the surest means of making the tendency indeed "irresistible." Dr. Maudsley, who is quoted by Mr. Taylor in support of his views, says (p. 271) a practical experience of the insane teaches us what a power of self-control even they sometimes evince when they have a sufficient motive to exert it. The fear of suffering by yielding to their insane propensities suffices in many instances to hold them in check." If this be true of the insane, how much more true must it be of criminals, and yet it is proposed to remove their strongest motive to self-restraint. The duty of legislators is not to draw fine moral distinctions : they are not to make allowances for the temptations to violent deeds, but to consider the danger to society by their indulgence, and the stronger the temptation the steamer must be the punishment denounced as the consequence of yielding to it. The next argument to be noticed is that drawn from the fact that innocent persons have been condemned. This again proves too much. It amounts to saying that man is liable to mistakes, and applies with nearly equal force to all punishment of any severity. What can compensate an innocent man for the ignominy and suffering of a long term of imprisonment, which has ruined his prospects, and blighted and embittered his whole life. There is no rectifying such a mistake as this. Again, it must be remembered that this objection had in the mouths of the men whom Mr. Taylor cites, a force which it has quite lost in these days. Romilly, Buxton, Macintosh, O'Connell, Therry, all speak from the experience of the time already alluded to, when for the smallest offences, hanging was the indiscriminate penalty. To go no further for an illustration than our own colony. In the two years 1826 and 1827, no less than 70 persons were executed in Tasmania, of whom 21 suffered in the space of one week, (Sept. 1820) When men were executed wholesale, mistakes must necessarily have been not infrequent, but arguments which had weight as applied to such a state of things, have none at the present day, when the punishment is only inflicted in rare instances, and only for the foulest crimes. A" further objection commonly made, and repeated by Mr. Taylor, is that juries are unwilling to convict men of capital crimes. Again, I Bay, it proves too much. Any one who has had any experience of juries, at least in Tasmania, knows how reluctant they frequently are to convict even when the evidence is perfectly clear. Various causes may be suggested for this failure of duty. A deficiency of moral sense which scarcely think crime deserving of any punishment, but treats it rather as a misfortune ; n weak sentimentality, which is always looking for extenuating circumstances after the manner of French juries, and wishes to give the criminal another chance, a chance, that is, to commit the same offence again ; or lastly a want of the moral courage necessary to give effect to their convictions, loading them to seek refuge in the cowardly expedient called giving him the benefit of the doubt," when there is really no doubt about the matter. The remedy for this, is not to be found in cutting down punishment till it is mild enough not to frighten the most timid jury, but in trying to raise juries to fulfil their duty-, partly by cultivating a healthy public opinion, and partly by getting a larger proportion of intelligent and honourable men put upon the jury lists. As far as the argument has any just force, it amounts to this, that a jury must weigh the evidence more closely when life is at stake. The death penalty should certainly never be inflicted except for one or two of the worst crimes, and those most dangerous to society, and only when the py'idenpe is clear. I freely admit, however, that if public opinion once became decided against capital punishment, as it would seem to be in the American states. instanced by Mr. Taylor, it would be better that it should be at once abolished. But I maintain that such a growth of opinion would show a morbid state of public feeling, such as there is too much reason to believe has of late years prevailed in America, where in all great crimes the sympathy has rather been with the criminal than with the sufferer, as is evidenced in many revolting cases of murder, violence, and successful fraud, But this is only part of the wider principle that if public feeling sets in universally and strongly against any particular punishment it is better that that punishment should be abolished than that the law should be made powerless and inoperative. The fact when fairly weighed do not lead to this conclusion in the case of the capital penalty. The theological argument I shall touohbnt slightly. Our business is protection to society, and we have to find a punishment adequate to that and, the rest I think we may leave in the hands of One who will do justice perfectly. By that Supreme Justice ttuwe whom society has been compelled in her own defence to cut off may be judged with all those allowances for morbid constitution, evil training, and irresistible tendency which we are too ignorant and incompetent to make. There is one insuperable objection to the abolition of the punishment of death. It' is impossible to devise an effective substitute. I make bold to affirm that not one of the elaborate Systems of perpetual imprisonment proposed in its stead can possibly be carried out in practice. All experience shows that after the first horror of the crime has passed away, leniency will inevitably prevail, and the criminal, if he)) amenable to the discipline of the prison, will eventually be released. If the imprisonment could be made so certainly perpetual as to be utterly hopeless, it would in 99 cases out of 100 lead to such mental torture as to end in insanity. We have therefore this alternative offered to us, either to have these atrocious and dangerous criminals again let loose upon society, or to find them driven mad by their sufferings. I think the proffered remedy will not be accepted. As to the wretched man now under sentence of death, it seems to me that in his case there are peculiarly forcible reasons that the law should take its course. Here is a man already undergoing a long and severe sentence, who commits a savage and atrocious crime. To add a few years to his sentence would be a very small present addition to Ina pains, and a very trifling punishment in the eyes of his fellow prisoners. They know well that after a few years of good behaviour a remission may be looked for with certainty. How, then, are criminals under sentence to be restrained from the worst deeds of violence if they know that the law has already done its worst upon them, and expended all the terrors at its command, for that no provocation will make it strike them down with the swift stern sword of just retribution. All the circumstances of the case imperatively demand, that unless we would absolutely invite our convicts to give unrestrained play to their brutal passions, the law should now be firmly carried out. I am, sir, etc., z. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR, Few thinking men have now any serious hesitation as to the right principles on which criminal penalties must inevitably repose, and the sentence of death be maintained; at least, in a country which professes to accept as its rule the Divine will, as revealed in the Divine word. Yet it seems to be from time to time necessary to re-arrange the very elements of this discussion. It is surely a prime mistake in morals to suppose that the sole or chief object of criminal punishment is the reformation of the offender. The civil magistrate has no title from God or man to punish in order to reform. He is " God's minister, not to reform, but to avenge; a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." This is his place. " God's minister or servant," this is his function, " to avenge" ; this is the stroke he is to bring down, "wrath," orge, the divine orgy: It is a prime mistake to suppose that the sentence of death is not one to be inflicted by a Christian magistrate, " He heareth not the sword in vain ;" that sword which is the symbol of the power committed to him over life and death. It is a prime mistake to suppose that the penalty of death is either Mosaic or Judaic in its origin and authority. It was to Noah, as the second father and representative of the race, that the Great Judge of man laid down the law, "Whose sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed." The sanc- tion of that law is as high as God ; its perpetuity as ending as man, " for in the image of God made He him." The murder of man, then, is a crime against the Creator's person ; it is to deface the image and superscription of the Eternal. It is a prime mis- take to suppose that this divine command has been repealed or suspended. It is the greatest Christian apostle that has laid it down in our Christian law He heareth not the sword in vain ;" and it was he who, pleading before Festus, declared that he was himself ready and willing to submit to that far-off I be an offender and have committed anything worthy of death I refuse not to die." It is again a prime mistake to suppose that the right and duty of declaring and executing this last sentence have not been vested in human government by Him who is supreme. He who says to men vengeance is mine; the execution belongs to me," emir ekdikesin-declares also that he has delegated its execution. "The powers that be are ordained of God ;" " he is a minister of God, a revenger " (chunks) " for the inflicting of wrath." The law he is to enforce is that of God : the sword put into his hands is the sword of God. As to the present case, on its merits, I mean to say nothing. The whole facts are known to the Executive alone and I feel entitled to believe that they have decided to discharge a most solemn duty, with a due sense of its awful solemnity. But I do feel it right to say that it is not surely for those who profess to be members of the Church of Christ to forget that the honest voice which has over spoken on earth has declared that a Christian woman's body is the "Temple of the Holy Ghost," and in keeping pure its sanctity I hold that she has a title to be shielded by the defence of God and man ; nor is it for Christian men to forgot that the perpetuating of a guilty life may not in all cases insure repentance, but may lead in some to the standing of a guilty soul with yet deeper and darker guilt, and may prove even to the condemned a false mercy. Iambic, STATESMAN. 