CUBE FOR TYPHOID. T.Ivo Rev. .J. Stevens, Vicar of Sersnake-, sends to the LondóiV '¡'¡mes an account of the method adopted in Switzerland for the cure of typhoid fever. He says - On my being taken suddenly ill last year at ' Lucerne, and acute symptoms of a threatening fever setting in, my friends forthwith called! in Dr. Steiger, who enjoys a considerable reputa tion throughout Switzerland. He ordered mo" at once to bo what is called ' packed,' and on my": i expressing surprise, he said ' I am thankful to; I tell yon that the doctoi-s in Switzerland and - Germany have at last learned the value of simple i remedial .measures ; when' Bourbaki's army entered Switzerland, I had charge of the fever : hospital for this distict; and out of 2d patienta i suffering from typhoid fever (two .were brought : [ in dying) I cured 22 entirely by application of ■ the wet sheet.; I used ^neither medicines nor 1 stimulants, arid thô soldièrs completely recovered , their health in a very short time. During this I last eight years this system has been carried oii i at the Basle'Hospital with,signal success, reduc- • ing in a surprising manner the death "rate in the fever wards. In private practice I invariably (adopt this system and rarety loose a patient , whom I have treated from the commencement : of the fever. I have been1 particularly success ful in puerpeàl and scarlet fevers. This system is now almost universally adopted throughout .Switzerland and Germany.' Through Dr. Stoiger's assiduous'attention and packing treat meut I was able to resume my journey in two days. ■ . " ■' Now, if not trospassing too much on your valuablo space, may I be allowed to explain the ' process and the principle ? 1\. The Process.—A blanket is spread out oñ the bed and a sheet wrung out in cold water, placed on the blanket ; and the patient is then wrapped in the sheet, and the blanket tightly packed round the body ; other "blankets are finally placed over the patient. In lieu of the ; sheets, a, towel or towels may be used depending entirely upon the extent of the fever and the probable reactionary po ¡vers of tho patient. The sheet is renewed every ten inimités or quarter of an hour, according to the temperaturô | of the body, which is ascertained from time to ! time by place a thermometer in the arm-pits of I the patient. It will be' found that each sheet ; will reduce the fever from three ' to seven degrees. This process is continued for about an hour, after which the. patient is quickly washed over for a couple of minutes, either on the bed or in; a tepid bath; and put back into bed. It is renewèd at intervals of three or four hours until the fever is entirely subdued, which crisis is usually shown by. a spontaneous out break of natural perspiration. . By means of th e thermometer, the fever can be képt in'check by repeated sheets as easily as a steam-engino can be.controlled by the handle of the machine. ' 2. The Principle.—It is always difficult to ex plain , in simple language a system; depending upon and that ought to be studied by the laws-' laws of science, bub, in plain words, the wet sheet-paék is simply a cooling poultice. As is well known, the ratióñaló ôf all diseases is tlVó determination of bloód in'excess tó tl'i ó interior ôf the body. This is the principle of à poultice, and ôf the wet-sheet-pack. It withdraws the lieat of the fever as generated by accïtiiiùlatoil blood ; and it is continuously repeated till tliè body regains its normal temperature through a restored equilibrium of circulation. Further more, the poison, which is the cause, of all specific fevers, is thus made to expand itself harmlessly, without involving the body in the destructive consequence of prolonged febrile ex citement. It has been proved-, without doubt, that the disease by this system can bo arrested and eradicated in the course of a few days, with out running what is cônsidèrèd the usual course of 7, l'A, 21, and 42 days., The subsequent period of along convalescence is entirely avoided. | Hów .to"'Disturb Ànts.—Don -Francisco 1 Yelasquez informed me, in 1870, that ho had powder which made the áñts mad, so that they, bit and destroyed each other. He gave me a little bit of it, and it proved to be corrosive sublimate. I made sóveral trials of it and found it most efficacious in .turning a large colli inn of the ants. A little of it sprinkled across one of their paths in dry weather lias a liipst surprising effect. As soon as one of the ants touches the white powder, it commences to run about wildly*,, and attack any other ant it comes across. In a couple of hours round balls of ants will be found, all biting.each other; and numerous individuals will be seen bitten completely in twój whilst others liave lost seme of their legs ofantennte-. News ôf thé commotion is carried to the formicarium, íiñd huge fellows, measuring three-quarters of and inch in length, that only come out of the nest during a migration or an attack on the nest or one of the working columns are seen stalking down with à cíetormiried air, a,s if tliëy would soon right, matters. As soon, however, ¡is they have touched the sublimate, all their stateliness leaves theni "; they rush about ; their legs are seized hold of by some of the smaller ants already affected by tho poison; and they themselves begin to bitë, and in a short time become thé centre of fresh balls of rabid ants. The sublimate can ¡onty be used effectively in dry weather. At Colon Í found the Americans using coal tar, which they spread across their paths when any .of them led to. to their-. gardens., I was also told that tlie Indians prevented them from ascending, young 'trees by thick -vVhisps of. grass with ¡ the sharp points downward, round the stems. : The ants cánnót pass' through the wisp, arid do not find out how tó surmount it-,, getting confused amongst.the numberless blades^ allleading downwards. I mention these differ ent plans of meoting and frustrating the attacks of the ants at some length, as they are one of thë greatest scourges of tropical America, and it has beén to réadily supposed that their attacks caiinot be warded off. I myself was énábléd, by using some of the means mentioned above, to ! successfully cultivate trees and vegetables of which the ants werû extremely fond. Notwith-, standing that these ants are so common through- j out tropical America, and have excited the at tention of every traveller, there still remains much doubt as to the use to which the leaves ¡ are put. Some naturalists have supposed that they "roof their underground nests with them. I believe the real use they make of them is a manure, on which grows a minute species of fungus, on which they feed.—Naturalist in Nicaragua. A Victim óf Sly-okog Sellixo.—A German found guilty of selling sly-grog, and senteuced to bo imprisoned, protested as follows " Chail ? Go to Chail ! Mo go to ehaii ! But I can't go t Doro's my piziness—my pakory "Who pakes my bread when I been gone V' Then casting his eyes about the court appeal ingly, they fell upon the good-na¿ured face of Chris Ellwaner, a fellow-countryman, with no " piziness," and forthwith a brilliant idea struck him. Turning to tho judge ho said in .sober earnest: "Dore'« Chris lillwaner '? Hj's god nolings to do Send him The last case of indolence reported is that of a man named Hole, who was so lazy that in writing his name ho simply used the letter J, ' and then punched a hole through the paper¡ ! SiiiîiB C'ouNcir.s AXD Ldxatics.—In tlie j Banco Court 011 Tuasdáy íi póint was decided ! that is not without some interest to local bodies throughout the colony in cc mVection Âvith' the custody of lunatics, and tlio charges Resulting I tHeïéfrôm. . It appears that ¡V liiail tunned I Abraham'Oalder, while 011 his passage from ' Swan' Hill-to »Echnca in a steamer, showed 'strong; symptoms öf madness, and becoming violent in his demeanor, had tó be put under restraint by the master of tho vessel. - A medical examination of the alleged lunatic was made at Ecliuca.v A: chargé of £'1,was made 011 thai ac count against the Shire ' Council of Srfàri Hill. This charge was' objected to by the latter-body, b'lt an order for its payment was obtained from theEchuca bench. It to uow sought to quash the order by the present appeal to the Supreme Court, on the ground that the liability rested with the Borough of Eclinca, and not witlithô Shiró Council. The Court held this view of the matter to- be tho right one, and- quashed the order without costs. * The New Ijipounding Act.—Tho Argus states that on Wednesday the Supremo Court dacided à point under the new impounding law. By the previous act-, if a person in impounding cattle omitted to give a proper riotice to'the pounkeepor as to tho number of cattle, oil what land impounded, &c.;, he could be convicted before justices of illegally impounding ;ät least} cases liavs beeñjdécided in which persons failing to giue a notice in forrú. have been convicted; It was held yesterday in the. case of Robertson v. Main that'aperson oiAitting to give the requi site notice under the existing act should not bo pnnishod "for illegally impounding, though lio might be punished for the offence ôf " failing to comply with tho provisions of the act" as to giving notice. -Trie Reason"'Wnr.—¿Moliere was asked 'thé' -reason why, in certain coiiiitriesf the king may assume the crówti at fourteen years' of age, and cannot marry before eighteen It is," said Moliere, " becansë it is much more difficult to rule à wife than a kingdom." • A Missouri landlord lias systèiùatised the spiritual business. He has ghosts which ap pear only to such as have not paid their rent. Hése is the obituary notice of an office-holder iii Iowa Harvey Jackson, connty treasurer, is doad. He was lenient with the widow and his books always balanced." Air Hibernian, being in bed iri à great storm, and told that thè house would tumble over his head, made answer, " What care I for the house ? I am only n. lodger ?" 