THE PATE OF YOUNG CHUBB. (From If ax Adeter's out of the FurTey-hurhjf When Mr. Chubb, the elder, returned from En- rope, lie brought Avith him a miniature musical- box, long and very narrow, and altogether of liardlv greater dimensions say, than a large pocket-knife. The instrument played four eheerful little times for the .benefit of the Chubb- family, and they enjoyed it. Young Henry C. enjoyed it to snch an extent that, one day, just . after the machine had been wound up ready fox- action, lie got to sucking the end of it, and' in a moment of inadvertanee it slipped, and he swal lowed it. The only immediate consequence of the accident was that a harmonic stomach-ache was organised upon the interior of Henry Chubb, and he experienced a restlessness which he well knew wonld defy peppermint and paregoric. Henry Chubb kept Ms secret in his own soulr and in his stomach also, determined .to hide his intense misery from his father, and'r if ' possible, to spare the rod to the spoiled child — spoiled, at any rate, as far as Lis digestive apparatus was concerned. .But that evening,- at the supper table, ileury had eaten hut one' mouthful of bread, when strains of wild, mysterious music werejswhleuly wafted from under"' the table.. rne iamuy lmineaiaioiy made an extort to dis cover whence the sounds came, although Henry Chubb sat there filled "with agony and bread audi times,, and desperately asserted his belief that the music came from the cellar, where the serv ant girl was concealed with a harp.. He well knew that Mary Ann was unfamiliar with the- harp. But he was frantic with anxiety to hide guilt. Thus it is that one crime leads to another: But he could not disguise the truth for ever, and that very night, while the" family was at prayers, Hemy all atrence began to hiccough, and the music-hox started off without warning with " Way down upon the Suwanee River," with variations. "Whereupon the ' paternal Chubb arose from his knees and grasped Hemy kindly but firmly by the hair and shook him up and in quired what lie meant by such conduct. And Henry asserted that he was practising something for a Sunday school celebration, which old Chubb- intimated was a singularly tliin explanation. Then they tried to get up tliat music-box, every time tliey would seize Henry By the Pegs and shake him over the sofa cushion,, or would pour some variety of emetic down his throat, the in strument would .give a fresh spurt, and joyously grind out; "Listen to the Mocking Bird," or " Thoul't Never Cease to Love." At last tlioy were compelled to permit tliat- miisieal-box to remain -within the sepulchral re cess of Young Chubb. To say that the unfor tunate victim of the disaster was made miser able by his condition would be to express in the feeblest maimer tlie state of his mind. The- more music there was in his stomach, .the- wilder and more completely chaotic became the disorder in bis soul. As likely as not it would, occur that while lie lay asleep in the middle of the night the works would begin to revolve, and would play " Home, Sweet Home" for two or three- - hours, unless the peg happened to slip; when the- cylinder would switch back again to " Way down upon the Suwanee River," and wonld rat-, tie out that tune with variations and fragments of the scales until Henry's brother would kick him out of bed in wild despair, and sit 011 liiin in a vain effort to subdue the serenade, which,, however, invariably proceeded with fresh' vigour when subjected to unusual pressure. And when Hemy Chubb went to church, it frequently occurred that, in the very midst of the most solemn portion of the sermon, he would- feel a gentle disturbance under the lower button of his jacket ; and presently, when everything- was hushed, the undigested engine would give a.. preliminary buzz and then reel- off " Listen to the- Mocking Bird" and scales and exercises, until the clergyman would stop and glare at Henry over his spectacles and whisper to one of the deacons.. Then the; sexton would suddenly tack up the- aisle and clutch the unhappy Mr. ClnYbb by the - collar and scud down the aisle again to the ac- , companiment of "Home,. Sweet Home," and- then incarcerate Hemy in the upper -portion of the church-steeple until after Parson Whit's long: sermon. But the end came at last, and the miserable boy found peace. One day while lie- was sit ting in school endeavouring- to -learn his multi plication to the tune of " Tliou'lt Never Cease to- Love," his gastric juice triumphed. Something- 01 other in :tlie music box gave way all at once,, the springs were unrolled with alarming force,, and- Hemy Chubb, 'as he felt the fragments of the- instrument hurled right and -;le'ft among his: vitals,' tumbled over on the floor and shortly expired: At the post niortem examination they found'. several pieces, of " Home, Sweet Home" in his- liver, while one of his lungs was severely torn- by a fragment of "Way down, the Suwanee- River.", Small particles of "Listen to the lUW-l.-ino- "Rirfl" -vvfi-rv rpmnvprl -frmw Ills he.n-l .inrl breast-bone and three brass pegs of " Tliou'lt Never Cease to Love"- wei-e fouridfirmly driven: into Lis fifth _ rib. - --- -- -.- .. .J ,' They had ;no niiisic at the funeral.. They- sifted the machinery out of him and buried him- quietly in. the cemetery../ Whenever-.the Chubbs. buy musical-hoxes now, they get them. as. large-.' as a piano, :and chain. them ;to the wall. It is estimated in the report "of tlie Conference of Stock Inspectors recently held at-Sydney that the colonies have",1 up'td the "date of the confer ence, sustained losses. in stock, by diseases of a " preventable -nature, .amounting to thirty mil lions sterling, viz. By -pleuro? pneumonia in- cattle,. £8,000,000 ;. . . by s. scab - --in sheepr £20,000,000 ; by catarrh j£2, 000, 000. > - An Irish ghost .'story has generally something to. do: With -the " batiishee," or death- warner,! but -a supernatural incident- whfehris said to have- occurred, in the wilds ef Keny 'tlie other day is sufficiently thrilling, although the apparation concerned bad no hereditary standing. It seems; that a 'woman residing in Gleriflesk received a call fi-orn the spirit !.of ;hei- husband, "a " man of": : the fanning VciassJ- di-essed.. in": a shroud. and. white stockings and . gloves." ' . Tlie -farmer in -white gloves stated that' since his death, some : months; back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was- detained elsewhei:e.ron acoount of 1 owing a sum ..of £15 to friends of -his,- and he begged of his wife to. give/ him the money. loThe woman, in full faith, handed him £10, and promised to /bring .him! the 'rest hi aifewffays if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumstances of the case ; and this gentleman acted very different from, tlie clerical monitor of . -Micky Freej who may Wremfembei-ed by readers of :" Charles : O'Malley." When the ghost, in ' complete burial . costume, afi-ived for the bank note he was at once received by a couple of blue boat gentlemen,. and; proved, as ghosts do in our day, to be a mere pretender, playing a part, who .will have to answer for his misconduct before a 'magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic 1 cunning in the/fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple woman. The shroud, : the; stockings; and above all, the gloves, were at once recognised :by the 'poor woman as the most fitting garments for -her husband, as they were the. last in which! she had seeii him. -If he had ; presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flannel! jacket and corduroys, she might have wondered where he contrived to -px-ocure a change of working clothes. Here is a hint for .spiritualists who have some difficulty hi reconcil ing concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The ; Gleriflesk ighost 'has not solved- the problem, but his rigid adherence to charnel properties ought: to be a/ lesson to those who represent spirits in shooting coats pr walking dresses. : A diver named James Putwain' has succeeded in obtaining a box of . . gold bbntaiiiing. 3500 ozs. !fipriithe:wi;eck-of tlie Goth eriburgl 