The Young Midshipman. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued. ) « I'm bound to go and see," replied Cephas. , - , What! venture out among the vermloj " I tell you, Cap'n Stevens \I so tbe iJiaOKDQWK uavu ttinuu to kill him ; and whoa I reye it I reokon I moan it. You know as how I don't poko fun . in these loorums " ; ' I do know." 11 Wall, it ain't in natur to bolieve on bis own word that he ain't killed Big Grlddlo coeln' his word ain't above a bit good. Sol say, Cephas Doylo will go and spy for Ms sells " 11 Be oarofnl, Doylo, " replied Philip, >'onoe in the hands of these knaves, it may be hard to get out ." " It will soon be dark, I gaess; and I'm sartinthe varmint will boon the look-oat .'or signals. Blackhawk ain't slipped bis head into thiB noose for nothin', I expeot. Well, Iloave theso digglnanndl goto the wood; and if 'I don't ferritrout Big Griddle, if he aro alive, ho never smelt roast pork that's ' all." " A vrilfnl man will havo his way, Cephas"' ' replied Philip; "and since you will, you will. Meantime, do you, Jones, sea that Blaokhawk is safo; and if ho has killed this pedlar la cold blood ho shall die. though ho were twice . fcer " This wns said in a low, muttered tone, ot which Edward alone oaught the import. "Her what?" naid Edward, hastily. "You seem deeply interested ia the girl, . and watch with marvellous care all she says and does," oontinned Philip Stevens, with a smile, as they moved apart. " I do," replied Edward deeply gratified to find the other on tho wrong taok, when hia own indisorest worda might have led him cn the right. "You are frank, at all events, Mr Brown," said Philip, with a quiet smile; "and Alios may well bo proud of suoh a suitor " " I said not that I wish to bo her suitor; I could not bo whilo so much of myetery hangs about horself and yon." " Mystery. Mr Brown?" "Mystery." " In what way ?" j "She is not yonr daughter, though she paosoa as suoh." 1 "Not my daughter sir?" i " Sho Baid' aa muoh just now," replied Blake firmly- . "True! tiuc! DoortMng, Bho never knew a parent's oire," said Philip, mournfully ; "but if Bho be not my child oan you blame me for taking a parent's place?" ! " Certainly not," replied Edward, with a choking! sensation in his throat, a tingling of the eyes, and a stern dilation of the nostrils; "bat why oall her Miss Steven?, when her namo is " " What ?" asked Philip, in a low, hashed, sad voice, while hie faoo for a moment borrowed the fearful end terror-strlokon expression of Jones. "Blake," replied the young man, in as careless a tone as he could assume and protending to light his pipe in order to conceal his Intensn emotion. ' ' Blake !" 9aid Philip, in a hushed whispor, glancing fearfully around into tho nooks and corners of tho building, " how oamo yon to know that" . - " Said Bho not so ?" replied Edward, oalmly, though what was hid beneath his oalm bo alono could toll. " 'Ah I did sho say so ? Bat young man, why these questions';" asked Philip sternly, almost menacingly. " Said yon not I was her suitor, sir ? If so exonse my questions ; they have a moan- ing " "Mr Brow d, I know littlo of you, save that you carry a lottor of good r mmeu datlon In your face, wbich, I know not why, oxclted, at the first glance, my sym pathy." Blake shuddered fearfully, and, only by a violent effort, ourbed his tongco. "Yen appear to like my ward ; I doto on her. Yos, sir, though, as vou. may ono day learn, sho be no relative of mine, and though, from reasons betweon her, myself, and onr God » "And me," thought Edward to himself. " She likes mo not. I fain would sea her happy. It Is my only hope — and to bring it abont I wonld peril my Hfo and fortano. She has, perhaps to blame me for mnoh suffering mental and bodily. No sacrifice, therefore, that I oan make shall be too great to atone to hor for whatever faultB sho has bad to find lame." Edward gazed in snrprlso on the owner of tho Eagle's Nest ; and a glance of pity stolo upon his faoo, followed, however, on tho Instant, by a look ef soorn and nndving hate, whioh Philip Stevens, wrapped in gloomy thought?, Baw not. "Did sho love yon, and yon her, yon should know tho history of my fortunes — you Bhould be my oonfessor, and in yonr hands Bhonld be the means of reparation." "There is, then, guilt?" said Edward, sternly. "Are we not rll guilty, Mr Brown, in this world ?" "Aye, bnt some muoh more thru others." " Of those," Bald Philip Stevens, speaking more to himself than to tbe others. "I have beon ; and yot 'twas he that nrged and did the deed. Bnt Mr Brown—" " Mr Blake!" said or rather birred the yonng tailor, in his ear. " I, Edward Blake, or rather. Sir Edward, son of Sir Hugh, who by your hand " "No, by heavonl" cried Philip — pale, white, trembling — "have meroy on my 1 guilty soul." " Yon said just now 'twas ho that did the derd. - If so there is yet pardon. But, mark mo, Philip' Stevens, this secret ia between yon and me, I have reasons for concealing my real Dome for some time longer. Yon have yet time to think of what to do; If you be not wholly guilty — if the accursed deed wore not yours — yon oan olsar yourself." How ?" asked Stevens, horror-strioken. "Lot me, as a stranger, win her oonfi. denoe nnd let me hoar from her lips tho story that night." " That night! Oh, God of meroyl" "And If, from mere confidence In one she loves, she tolls mo all, an'd yon-are exculpated the guilt falls on other heads." " Sir Edward, you shall bear it from her lips — she beat of all oan clear me — not of guilt, but of the damned accursed deed. 1 " Until sho doos 1 must look npoh you ob guilty." "So be it," groaned the other, whose resolntion had wholly forsaken him. " Then let us be os before. I, Mr Brown to you and all. You my hoBfc," " As you will." " Hero comes Cephas, hoard on his wild expedition. My brain ia on firo ; notion is needed, and I wl'l accompany him," said Blake. "Captain Cephrs." said Bl-ke, "I am curious to see this pedlar, who mnst . bo quite a oharaoter." "Rayther, I oalcnlato," replied Cephas; "spry and aotive as a painter, and cute as a Albany needle." " When Btart yon ?" _ " In about ten minutos. Lord, Lord, won't I and Griddlo havo a talk, I expbot, when we two gits together ? Data, my old skin, hut it will be no mistnko." " Have you known him long," said Edward Blake, wliilo Philip Stevens walked away towards tho room where this party usually oongregatod at night. , " I rookon ho seed me first ; for I warn't above af at bigb, and he wur the doctor , as nesistod me into thfe univarso, I'm bound! to say, seein' my old Grandmother has told me so over so many times." " Dootor 1" said Blake, endeavouring to bo amused, In order to draw his mind from the wild and startling thoughts that filled Ms sonl ; " why, he bas many professions," . "As many, I reokon, as there are hairs in a bulls tail," repliod Cephas ; ' an' considering all thiogs that's a deal, I reokon.' " What is ho bosides a dootor ?" " Well, I guess he'll tell more fortunes in a day, nor a Spanlah pedlar would in a month." 'JWba': elso?" "Why, then, he's a mighty_ tall clook maker ; most as good as Sam Sliok as, you Britishers has bin poking fun about." ' So Sam Sliok Is a real oharaoter ?" «' Beall ain't he jist? Why he's in a book." " That Is no proof ; many men invent characters." ! " Well, I hearn tell of that afore; bpt I ain't availed It can be trno. There nro so many bueterB of raal characters — riglar good nns— as nd kill a orocidile with laughing, that I oan't account it truo any man 'ud be snob a Rhode Island jaekass as to invent one." : . " Certainly, If there were many ,Big Griddles," said Edward, smiling in spite of himself, " I expeot romanoiste would require littlo invention. They wonld: only have to copy nature. " ' " As I seed a born fool doin' down oast. Ho Bhowed mo a daub of paint jist like n broom, and swar it was a tree. Lord, I oould see with half an eye he was pobiag fnn. I reckon nobody over soed a trqe sioh a size. Why, my hand was bigger." Mnoh amused with Doylo, and perceiving that there was stul? in tho man worth brining out, Blako, whose mind was of that elastlo oharhotor that could accomodate itself tooiroumstances, went to his room; and arming himself, he prepared to accompany the Yankee in "search of Big Griddle, from whoso acquaintance he promised himself muoh satisfaction. CHAPTER XVL BIG GRIDDLE, THE PEDLAR. _ In the very heart of tho forest, facing tho Eagle's Nost, and near to a purling and pelluaid stream where at nightfall the sand hill orano or stork oamo to water, and where tasteful deor, wandering through tho woods during noontido heat, would slako their thirst, and where all travellers who wondod their way through the neighbourhood at night were wont to oamp, there was an aged tree, a sycamore— whoso huge brsnohos made pleasant shade iu Bunny weather. Its roots gnnrlod stomps por-pod forth above ground, ns if soornlng to bo buried beneath the graon sward. Some even more disdainful of mother earth than common, peaked their points a foot higher than others ; and to one of these with stout cords— the tethor of his own horso — was attaohed a man of somewhat colossal dimensions. Six feat high, thin, gannt, and yollow as any guinea, or ns his own leathern hreeohos — his only garmont save and oxespt hie boots and red flannel shirt — he sat up in tho twiliight, tho vory ghost of the tree against wbloh he loaned. ' Near his right hand, was a bottle, whonce csoaped at tho same timi a faint odonr of rcoent brandy — and a seoret worth knowing. To that hngo vogetable excrescence — for it wac t» gourd that had served Its turn as brandy oase — tho delinquent owed, in the first place, that ho went to sleep in a strange place, without keeping ono oyo awake ; secondly, that boing thna asleep he suffered tho loss of his hat, coat, waietooat, and oloak, to say nothing of his jargon, whioh men oould only borrow and that farther loss whioh was common to himself in Upper Toxob, and to Sanoho Fanza in tbe Siecra Moreua — the stealing away of his beloved " Dapple," Big Griddlo— for it was this renowned pedlar — had, dnring his tour out west, heard tellj sometimes as a thing doubtlul, that the Eagle's Nest was inhabited by a bold squatter and a numerous family. Now, as men and womon wore, in Big Griddle's oycc, bnt so many animated hedges whereon to hang pedltng ware, or big eyes to look at bra clocks, or as persons who might want his attendance— for he regarded all mankind modioinally, bb mere viaducts for ti,» oonveyance of Lis medicines— ho dotermln»S that tho in dwollors of tho habitation that bordored on tho Cross Timbers should n longer suffer from tho want of his visit Strapping upon the back of his faithful animal an extra bale— taken from some welt oontrived oaobe, known only to his be»»i nnd himself - dootor, alias pedlar, alias Bi Griddio, started accordingly In the direction of tho region whioh he supposed likely to ture .out a good investment. ' n As he went Ms bale beoame lighter and h;. purse heavior, for no oovnor or. nook „o! oranny, where honoe or hut oould peroh sit hen-like, and hatoh melanoholy in 'th» Bhade, wbb too remoto for him. His nose was as noute for a oastomor as it- wbb oharp for roast pork- sharp enough n. ho would often playfully and factious?, romark for vinegar sanoe to his favourite dish a pig at nurse— or rather unnaturally of it. local nourishment. . MonthB, therefore, onBued between Griddlo ooming to tho decision and hia bieag able t carry it into effeot— months whioh rendered necessary throo distinot voyages to renfani.!. his bale. He had reached the vory verge J? tho prairie in whioh was situated the snot It woe his ambition to gain, when, fat;c with his journey, and having moroy on hfa hie boast, towards which ho entertained » perfeotly Pyiadinn friendship, he halted at the spring to drink, and porchance to disci. Ms morning meal, when hie nose and eva» were at tbo eume tlore Irresistibly assailed nnd the double garrison of sight and sfa?ll' were oarriod by storm. 