GENERAL NEWS. The Avoca Free Pi ess of the 3rd instant records the following story -Mr Henry Wells, of the Bet Bet, who has just returned from the Palmer gold- fields, is the bearer of as melancholy a tale as ever ti rilled the district or plu nged a family in grief. Ha îelntes that, while on the road from the Polmer to Cooktown, Queensland, on the 8th of July, a person who keeps a small store at the Tura Hiver asked lus assistance to attend two men Who had camped there, and were very ill. On entering their tent Wells found thetn lying side by side, and evidently dying. He first raised one of them to a sitting posture, and endeavoured to make him dnnk, but the man was too far gone to swallow anything. On taking hold of the other, Mr Wells exclaimed, " Oh ' my God, this is young Barnes, of Yvoca " The dying man evidentlj recognised Wells He attempted to speak, but Ins Ups only quivered The other mon died almost immediately, and Barnes in about five hours afterwards. The deceased, Mr James Barnes, son of Mr William Barnes, of No. 2 Creek, lett Avoca for the Palmer Gold-fields some thirteen weeks since A letter was received from him about a fortnight ago, Btatmg that be had been prospecting, but he did not speak of coming home The remaining particulars Mr. Wells gleaned from a storekeeper on the Tura, to the effect that on the previous day, Mr Barnes's mate, a mon named Trenear, was taken suddenly and dangerously ill, and unfortunately there was at the time no means of conveying lum to Cooktown. Remaining to succour his mate, Mr. Barnes, as related, fell a io succour ins maie, iur. janrnes, as reiatea, rea a victim to the same malady-that fatal fever, most probably, to which the strongest succumb, often after a few hours' illness in the semi-tropical and unwholesome climate of the northern gold-fields. The deepest sympathy is felt for the bereaved family, who are well-known and highly respected farmers and miners in the district. Under such melancholy circumstances the only consolation that can be offered to them is, that both men died without apparent pain; and that Mr. Clegh (of Moun- tain Hut), Mr. Wells, Mr. Blackmoor, and others, who were on the spot next day, saw them decently interred near the Tata River. A lock of ponr Baïnes's hair, his watch, and some other valuables, Were handed over to the sorrowing family by Mr. Wells, on Tuesday last. ACCIDENT.-On Monday a youth aged sixteen years, named Arthur Mettam, in the employ of Messrs. Williams and Blunt on the railway line at Bean's, near Gunning, met with a rather severe accident. While in Company with some other lads he picked up some dynamite caps (used in blasting operations) which had been accidently dropped by some of the workman. Mettam commenced picking the inside of one of the caps with a piece of stick, when it ex- ploded shattering the thumb and two fingers of the left hand and the forefinger of the right hand. One of the other lads struck another of the caps with a hammer when it exploded and a portion of it passed through the clothing of a man who was standing near and entered the skin between the ribs. The injured lad was brought to Dr. Hayley's surgery, on Monday night when the wounds were dressed. He started yesterday morning for Sydney, where his parents reside.-Goulburn Herald, Am. l8. SINQULAB PBO6EEDINGI-In the course of busi- ness at the Central Police Court, yesterday, one James Cunneen, out on hail (the nature of the charge was not stated), was called, upon to make his appearance, and a constable stepped into the witness-box to be sworn, when Mr. Forster, interrupting, said that as the defendant, his client, was too ill to attend the Court to-day, and as Mr. Montague Levey, who caused him to be ap- prehended, was not in attendance, having no inten- tion to prosecute the charge.it would be unnecessary to take the constable's evidence, and, under these circumstances, the Bench would, of course, discharge the accused. Mr. Solomon said that having bail could not satisfy the conditions of the bond otherwise than by a personal appearance, be should insist upon it now, but if Mr. Forster produced a medical certificate to the effect that his client was too ill to attend the Court, he would not object to post- pone the hearinguntil anotherday. As to the presence of prosecutor, or whether he intended to forego the prosecution, it was too early to inquire until the prisoner shall be before the Court. Mr. Forster was disinclined to accept a postponement, but asked that the case might be again called on in half an hour or so, and in the meantime be would com- municate with his client. Mr. Solomon agreed to this. Some time afterward the prisoner made his ap- pearance, thus sntisfiying the conditions of the bail bond ; but instead of taking the evidenoe of the con- stable to state on what ohorge, or under what cir- cumstances the prisoner was a prisoner at all, the Court directed Montague Levy to be called, and the said Montague Levy not making his appearance, the .prisoner was instaner discharged.-Echo of Aug. 19. " IT NEVEB RAINS BUT IT POUBS."-The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant CreekNeios :-" About eighteen montbsago, a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I be- lieve, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to s\ttle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed, the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford three pennyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness-to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the | wife, (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor ahd unknown as the man she kneit beside at the altar, I Shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the'only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith nor kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark wha¿t the whirligig of time brought about In April last the husband was ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of same riverside property in Landen, the rent-roll of which means á little over £13,000 annually. He bad kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to bim. The mail which reached last told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what ia better, .£84,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (aa évente have proved) richea she had not the ghost of as idea," 