HEWS OF THE DAT. A lengthy meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday afternoon, when all the Ministers were present. The discussion that took place had reference principally to the proposed land tax. Considerable progress, it may be stated, was made with the measure. It has been decided to divido the lands of the colony into four classes, the bases ot taxation being acreage and value. Air. Longmoro is busily engaged in utilising all tho available machinery of the Lands department, with a view to obtaining the necessary information for tho purposes of the intended classifica tion of the land. The scheme, it is ex pected, will he fully matured by tbe date of the re-assembling of 1'arliament, on the 7tb prox., and tbe measure will be introduced with as little. delay as possible. IV e understand that the case of Judge Dunne was under consideration by the Cabinet yesterday. No definite result was arrived at. The case of Inspector Green was also discussed, and it is probable that the Government will in a few days he able to announce their determination in the matter. .Ah Gna, the Chinaman sentenced to be hang in tho Melbourne gaol next Monday, seems to look unon his approaching death with stoical indifference. The decision of the Executive was communicated to him about half-past five o'clock on Monday, and on receiving the news he merely opened his eyes wider than usual and said nothing. He was afterwards asked if he would like to write to his friends in China, hut replied that be did not see any use in doing that, as lie was going to be hung. His only wish was to see his cousin, »s he calls the Chinaman who lias been attending him since lie has been iu gaol, at the desire of Kong M eng. The condemned man eats his food as usual, and appears quite easy in his mind. The execu tion will take place at ten o'clock on Mon day next. Mr. Burnott, J. P., of Castlemaino, has, we understand, forwarded n statement in reply to the communication from the Crown Law department, calling upon him for an explanation of the charges made against him in the local papers of conduct and language unbecoming his position as a magistrato. lie has denied in lolo tlie allegations made, and sent affidavits from various parties in sup port of his statements. On the other hand, affidavits hnve been received from the gentle, man said to have been insulted by Air. Bur nett, of such a nature as to leave no donbt that either fone side or the other has laid itself open to the charge of making false declarations. Tuesday next is the last day for taking out electors' rights. All rights hithorto taken out expire this year, and it is there-, fore necessary for all holders of them to renew. The rolls of ratepaying electors will, under the now Local Government Act, comprise defaulters as well as those who paid up their rates to the 10th June ; but all other than householders or actual occu piers of rateable property must take out electors' rights. Prom the ratepayers' roll, or, as it is now called, the voters' roll, will be taken all persons' names rated at £60 or over, and a separate list of these will be made, entitling the persons to vote for mem bers of tho Legislative Council, tt e are in formed that on Alonday and Tuesday the offices of the electoral registrar at Emerald- liill will be open for the convenience of those unable to attend during the day, and it is expected that the other registrars will afford tlie publio similar facilities for taking out rights. One class will be certain to be dis franchised if they do not take tho precaution of being enrolled, namely, those who have become occupants of property since the last municipal valuation , and assessment was made. These and the persons above indi cated should lose no time in securing enrol ment, as no other opportunity svill be afforded until Maroh next. An amended tariff for the conveyance of goods will be published by the Railway de partment in a lew dayB. Various alterations and reductions will be inado. " Poor Air. Patterson !" writes the M. A. Ma il. A nuisance ; a wretched trickster ; a miserable renegade ; a political vulture ; an unprincipled schemer ; a self-seeking patriot ; a man from Castlemainc,' And nil because he did what other and more ex perienced men before him have done ; what Air. Duffy did, what Air. Langton did, and what Air. Service did," namtly, joined a Almistry pledged not to disturb a protec tionist tariff. If it is such a dreadful tiling for Air. Patterson to take the post of Minis- tor of Public Works under Air. Berry, what is to ho said of the men who combined to turnout Air. Service and his colleagues, of Messrs Langton, Jonos and the rest. But the truth is, the eternal babble about free- trade and protection is beginning t > st-le upon the ears of the country. We are as much free-trade as Air. Patterson ever w;as, or as tho A njue is ; butwearesoinethingniore besides. We believe that tho free-trade agitation is played out, or near it ; and that to keep up a perpetual estrangement between parties for tho sake of a question which has been temporarily settled, and which there is not the ghost of a chance of reviving in tho free-trade interest, is to arrest the sub stantial progress of legislation in other directions, with no other satisfaction than tho not very intellectual one of calling people political vultures, and men from Castlemaine. As a matter ot fact, the ques tion of re-ndjustiDgtlie burden of taxation by making property pay in proportion to its stake in the commonwealth is infinitely superior in interest to the community to the question of 110 per cent, duties at tbe Custom House. In this sense Air. Patterson is per fectly correct in calling the formation of a tariff a subordinate matter. The land, ac cording to the school of economists that Mr. Patterson seems to have graduated in, is the only. legitimate source of revenue, and con sequently there ha9 been no more consistent and strenuous advocate of giving the country a share iu the increment of tho value of its alienated territory than thiB 'man from Castlemaine.' In season and out of season lie has supported every movement in favor of it. And where, then, is the want of con sistency that he is accused of in taking office with the Government that confessedly stakes its existonco in carrying through the reform that he has set his heart upon '! Where is tho evidence of his ' greed and matchless effrontery,' and all the rest of it?" The libel action of Tracy v. Luke was commenced before Air. Justice Fellows and a special jury of four yesterday. The plain tiff, a land agent nt Sale, seeks £500 damages from tbo proprietor of the Qipps- land Mercury, ior charging the plaiutiff with torturing documents, relative to two selections by the brothers Coulson. The torturing, it wus alleged, took place in a report of the local land board sitting at Kosedale. It appeared that one of the Coiilsons was reporting for the Gippdaiul Times, and when bis own application came on for hearing, asked Air. Tracy to take notes for him. This, was done,, and when Coulsou's case was disposed of. ho rgsqmed his reporting. The alleged torturing took plane while Tracy was note-taking. When the plaintiff was in the box yesterday, he read the notes he had taken, and a com parison of them with t)je report written out by CouIbou, and published in the Gippuland 7 lines, which showed that many of the printed passages were not in the notes taken by TracyT The letters from tho Lands depart ment were altered so as to make it appear that the Minister of Lands had consented to uon.residence, whereas he was only in favor of allowing the brothers Coulson to build a large house pn one allotment, instead of re quiring them to bpild and reiido on both. The case hod not concluded when the court rose. The Acfcipg-Govenunebt Astronomer lias received by the Suez mail a letter from Mr. EUery, who arrived in IjukIou ou the ISth June, after a protracted vovngs of ninety days from Melbourne. The vessel ran short of fuel, water and provisions, so that it was necessary to put into Angra, the capital of Terceira, one of the Azores, fora fresh supply. Although quly ». few dpyg bfld elapsed be- tween Mr. Ellery'a arrival and tbo date of his letter, yet he had managed to visit the principal observatories and scientiiio institu tions m the neighborhood of tho metropolis, besides the mathematical instrument works of Messrs. Troughton and Simms, at Charl ton ; and Messrs. Whoatstone's establish ment for tlie manufacture of electrical ap paratus. At the latter placa he was shown a Gramme's electric light machine, which has just been constructed for an American lighthouse. He describes tbo light as being splendid. He expresses great satisfaction in finding that, so far as his inspection has reached, our Alelbourno Observatory has managed to keep pace with the improvements effected at home. Although he was some what unwell towards the end of the vdynge, he states that his health lias very much im proved since be has been ashore, and that Airs, and Alias Ellory are enjoying tho best of health. Wo are informed that the Alinister of Public Instruction has appointed Thursday, the 2Gth August, at twelve o'clock, to re ceive a deputation to present the memorials to urge liiui to consent that religious in struction may he given in the State bcIiooI rooms in the morning, before tho opcuiug of the schools. Tlie deputation will meet at the Assembly llall, Collins-street cast, ou Thursday, at eleven o'clock, for the purpose of prepariug for their interview with the Alinister. Mr. AI'Kean, AI.L.A., waited on the Minister of Instruction yesterday, for the purpose of calling attention to the very de fective school accommodation in the Alaffra district, North Gippsland. Tho matter had been frequently brought under the notice of Parliament, but the department had done nothing whatever towards rectifying the existing state of things, notwithstanding tlie promises to that effect that had been made. Air. Alunro, in reply, stated that he fully re cognised the wauts.of the district. Arrange ments would be made immediately for the ereetion of three schools in tlie district, one at Newry and two others to tho east aud west respectively of that town. Warder Swift, of the Kew Lunatic Asylum, having preferred a charge of assault against two fellow servants named O'Brien and Doherty, and nlso against the lirst- nnmed warder for writing him an anony mous letter couched in threatening terms, a board of inquiry, consisting of Air. J. T. Smith, AI.L.A., and Drs. Campbell and Barker, has been appointed by the Govern ment to investigate the matter. The board held its first sitting yesterday, ntthe asylum, and evidence having been called in substantia tion of tho charge, the further hearing of the case was postponed, in order that the ac cused might have an opportunity of prepar ing a defence. Tho defeat of Mr. Gillbee at the recent election of honorary surgeons to thoMclboume Hospital has elicited from tho medical pro fession of Melbourne an expression of sym pathy. A meeting of tho profession was held at tho Atlienienm last evening, to con sider the mode of giving expression to this feeling, where Mr. Uillbce's past services to tho Melbourne Hospital were spoken of in very high terms, and it was determined to present him with an address declaratory of the regret generally felt by tho profession at tlie severance of his connection with the hospital. The flags on board the Cerberus and Nel son, as well as other Governments vessels, and likewise the Government offices, were yesterday lowered to half-mast as a token of respect to the late Commodore Goodenough. At a meeting of the West Melbourne Im provement League, held at Menzies' Hotel yesterday afternoon, in reference to the re clamation of the tract of low-lying land be yond Spencer- street, known as the West Melbourne Swamp, it was resolved to ap point a deputation from the league to urge upon the Government, at an early date, the necessity for so improving the land in ques tion as to render it available for the exten sion of the city. A public meeting of the ratepayers and residents of the shire of CobUrg was held in the Council Chambers on Alonday night, to take into consideration the best means of destroying sparrows. Air. Kyle, the shire president, having been voted to the chair, Mr. Thos. Barrett moved the first resolution. This gentleman re marked that at the present time it was im possible to keep anything, owing to the destructiveuess of the birds. Jn one district eight thousand sparrows had been destroyed in a short time, and he would like-to see the same done in Coburg, and therefore moved, « Tlmfc this meeting coiisiilop ifc liiah titna a sparrow club should be formed, aud that the residents should unite together for their destruction." This was seconded by Air. Dolling, who, as a member of the shire council, said lie would support a vote 'of money to assist the club, as the consumer' suffered equally as much as the producer, owing to the increase of price on the article. Air. C. Dunstau pointed out that it would he useless forming a club unless the co operation of the Fenal department was ob tained, owing to tlie facilities the birds had to build iu the holes and corners of tho prison ; and they should get the inspector- general to destroy them inside the wulls. Air. Earls supported the resolution, and remarked that tho 1'enul department was the hatching place for the sparrows, as it was well known they were bred there. The roles of tho Preston Sparrow Club hating been read, were, with the exception of one, adopted. Mr. Barrett was appointed chair man und treasurer, nnd Air, Kyle secretary of the chili, and its meetings will be held on tlie first Tuesday iu each month. A dismal confessiou was made by a bank rupt in the Insolvency Court yesterday, which it is to ho hoped our preseut Educa tion Act will make impossible in the future. He stated that he had lost £711 odd in Bourke-street, and he had to ndmit that he did not know a fivo from a one pound note. He only knew that the roll of notes he lost contained £70 odd, because he counted eacli note as a one pound note, irrespective of the value set out. He didnottellnny one of his loss until some time afterwards, and he took no steps at the time of the loss to recover the money. He did not tell his wife of his mis fortune "for fear it would cause a row." The notorious " Baron Von Sanden," who has of late been brought under the notico of the public, appeared at the City Police Court yesterday to answer the charge of having obtained money by means of false pretences from C. W. Ellis aud Joseph King. A mass of evidence was brought for ward, which was sufficiently conclusive to induce the bench to commit the prisoner for trial on each charge. An extended report will be found in another column. The ease of Bishop v. Smith came on for argument in Equity yesterday, the plaintiff seeking to set aside a settlement he had made in anticipation of his marriage with Miss Fanny Jane Smith. The parties were married, and the defendant iu August la9t obtained a decrceof nullity of marriage. This decioe having been obtained, it was argued that the settlement was void, just as if Miss Smith's death bad taken place beforo the solemnisation of her marriage. Arguments had not concluded when the conrt ruse. The death of Mr. John Winter, of Bal- larat, occurred somewhat suddenly at bis residence on Alonday last. The deceased oontlcmen was apparently in tho enjoyment of his usual good health up till the very day of his death, which occurred at about four o'clock in the afternoon. Air. Winter was discovered in his bed shortly after midday by bis wife, who, finding that he breathed very heavily, and manifested other signs of illness, at once sent for medical assistance, when licr husband was pronounced to be in an apoplectic lit, from which he never re covered. Mr. Winter was an old colonist ; he was seventy-two years of age, aud was born at Lauder, in Laminermuir, in the year ISO.'!, emigrating to Victoria in 1841. Air. Winter, while in Scotland, carried on the business of a butcher in the city of Edin burgh. Shortly after his arrival in the colouy he commenced stock keeping with three' score pf shoep, find in this enterprise he was so successful as to find means to pur chase a run, which he named Bonshaw, in compliment to- tlie estate of his wife's fattier. With the discovery of gold Air. Winter's financial prospects brightened con siderably, and in mining transactions be tween the years '185'J and 1S54 he was a great gainer, obtaining in one instance a sum of £-23,000 for an area of 040 acres upon the Bonshaw estate. The deceased leaves six sons, all of whom are possessed of extensive station property. The deceased, it is esti mated, died worth a piillion of monpy. The Rev. A. M. Henderson, ALA., de livered the Becond of his series of Science junctures in tlie Collins-street Independent Church lasj pight. There were about 400 persons present, and the ghaip wa3 taken by the Very Rev. the Dean of Alelbourne. The Bubject of the lecture was Primitive Alan, or the Origin of Civilisation, aud tbe reading occupied nearly two hours. The rev. lec turer referred to the proofs of the existence of peoples in a very advanced state of civilisation in Asiu, Africa and America, tt least two thousand yean antecedent to tho Christian era. In proof thereof ho referred to the ruins of vast cities in Alosopotamin on the banks of the Tigris and Euphrates ; the great pyramid in Egypt, built so that each side faced a cardinal point of tho compasB with tho utmost exactness ; and the ruins and buildings of similar character discovered iu the interior of America in the centre of vast forests. Reference was also mado to the evident proficiency of thoso ancient peoples in tho manufacture of pottery of line sorts, and tho smelting and working of metals; aud instances were adduced of these ceramic remains being found in the wilds of the new world, together with the remains of iron furnaces, overgrown by trees many ceuturics old. From these remains he deduced that civilisation was bestowed on man direct front heaven, and that from a highly civilised condition men had degene rated until they had sunk into the savage state many were found in. At the same time he denied that savage men would ad vance towards the attainment of tbe arts of civilised nations unless brought into contact with and raised by those who wero their superiors in those respects. The lecture contained voluminous extracts, and Air. Henderson stated that lie had consulted 400 volumes in its preparation. On the motion of Air. M'Koan, AI.L.A., thanks wero awarded to the lecturer, and a like compli ment was given to the chairman. Tho second grand Caraullia and Flower Rliuw of tbe Horticultural Improvement Society will be held in the Horticultural Hall, corner of Victoria and Russell streets, on Thursday nnd Friday next, the 26th and 27 th inst. The Acting-Governor, hiB Excel lency Sir William Stawoll, has kindly con sented to open the exhibition precisely at two p in. on Thursday. It is expected that the show will be superior to any previous cne, as large numbers of entries have been received, nnd camellias are now in their best condition, as well as Chinese primulas. Cinerarias, Cyclamens and a host of bulbous and other spring (lowering plants will also be shown. Tho show will be open on Thurs day, from two to six o'oloek in the afternoon, and from seven to ten in tbe evening, and on Friday from twelve' to six and seven to ten. One novel feature of this show is that each purchaser of a ticket is entitled to a prize of plants, seeds or bulbs, many of them being very valuable. The Alelbourne Debating Society held its adjourned meeting last Monday evening, and resumed the discussion on Pauperism ; Air. Griffiths iu the chair. Air. J. Johnson re-opened the debate, distinguishing two classes of paupers— the old or infirm, and tho able-bodied paupers — and contended that the latter class should be removed to the country, and employed in some suitable pursuit. Messrs. Snowball, Strongman, Ellis, Alkyns, aud Paterson took part in the debate which followed, and for the most part upheld the present system of partially voluntarily supported institutions. Tbe prActice of indiscriminate almsgiving was severely condemned, as it only gave tho recipient greater facilities for deceiving a benevolent public, whilst those in benevolent institutions were under control, and the temptations to moral degradation would be in a measure removed. The essayist, Air. Alackie, replied, aud the meeting closed. The parishioners of Sandridge have elected Mr. John Wheeler Stephens, mauager of the National Bank at Sandridge, and Mr. Alex ander Leeper, M.A. and LL.B. of Trinity College, Dublin, and now tho second master of the Church of England Grammar School, to be their representatives in tbe coming Church Assembly. Two accidents occurred at Emerald-hill yesterday morning; the first to a son of Mr. Pendreigh, hotel keeper. The lad's leg was fractured clo9e to the ankle by a bag of oats falling upon him. The second was to a child of Air. Webster, jeweller, who was run over by a bnker's cart, the casualty re sulting in a broken thigh. Mr. Rnynes W. Dickson, of FIdon Cham bers, Bank-place, solicitor, lias been ap pointed a commissioner for taking affidavits in the Supreme Court of South Australia. At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing, a respectably dressed young man, answering to the name of James Hughes, was charged with having stolen a £20-note and a 5s. piece from a relative of his, a Mr. John Major. It appeared that prisoner, who was out of employment, was living with tho prosecutor at South Yarra for some time, during which he committed tho theft from a box which had been placed under a lied. He then went to Bnllarat, aud committed n nuinuur ui iuiguuvs. J jiu uctiuu ocubcucuu Hughes to Bix mouths' incarceration, with hard labor. The people of Nortbcote nro making arrangements with a view to the establish incut of a line of cnbs. to ply between Fitzroy and Upper Northcotu. The dis tance is about two miles. It is proposed to charge a uniform fare of Od., and to start a cab from each cud at regular intervals of half»an-hour. William Oatan, a brickmnker, aged fifty- sevou, was yesterday morning admitted into the Alfred Hospital, about one o'clock, suilering from a fracture of the right leg, caused by his slipping oil a door-step at Berwick on Monday. A blacksmith named XJaul Campbell, aged forty, living at St. Kilda, was also admitted into the same institution yesterday morning, about half-past seven, the result of his falling down whilst crossing Charlus atroet, St, Kilda, on Monday night. A correspondent states that nt a land sale ou Saturday, the 21st inst., at Moama, N.S.W., 120U ncres of Messrs. Doherty and (Jhirnside's run, known as Bar- ham Statiou, was put up, and was expected to be bought at the upset price ; but Mr. M. O'Connell, a selector of 4000 acres in the locality, kuowing the value of the land, ran it up to £2 7s. per acre. Messrs. Doherty and Chimside's agent got several other lots withdrawn, owine to iron sheds and other improvements being thereon. Mr. O'CouneU objected to the miserable improvements, but his objections were of no avail. The following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday : — Maria Holt, aged twenty- nine years, suilering from severe wounds on the face and side, the result of a beating administered by her husbaud duriog an altercation ; I'M ward I'untcr, six teen years of age, suffering from u crushed baud, which had got entangled in a rolling machine nt Messrs. Dillou and Burrows', Latrobe-street, where ho was employed. The Border Post states that it has " marie the acquaintance of the oldest inhabitant in the Federal City, if not in the Austrchndau colonies, Michael Mallett, who resides in David-street, Albury, is now entering upon the lOSth year of his age. He was born iu Ballinrobe, county Mayo, Ireland, in 1707, aud reached Sydney in lb£S — during the governorship of Sir BalpU Darling. He is, therefore, forty-seven yeara in the colony, twenty-live yeaTS of which lie has resided iu Albury. Daring his remarkably long life four sovereigus of the House of Jlanovcr successively occupied the throne of England. New South Wales was founded when he was twenty-one years of age, under (Jovernor Phillip ; he has lived the days of tho vice- royalty of twenty-four other Governors of that colony. During the past eiglituen months he has been conlineii to his bed, and is in tho full enjoyment of his mental zacuAbiea. On Monday night a man reported to the St. Kilda police that he had found a boat ou the beach, at ten o'clock in the morning. Jt is described as follows : — About thirteen feet long, one seat, pointed a lightish color inside and outside. It bears the name of "John Bull, Williamstown," in black letters inside. The man alo found at tbe same place four ineces of orcgon, with the letters '1'. and O. on each plank, which are about fourteen feet in length. It is surmised that the person owning the boat, while taking the timber to one of the vessels in the Bay, \vus oapsi/cd during the rough weathqr that has prevailed during the last two or three days. A tnan named William Derricott, who was admitted to the Melbourne Hos pital on Monday, Buffering from tetauus, died in the institution at oue o'clock yester day morning. Tbe injury was intlicted by a man named Albert Johnson, who struck the deceased on the head with a piece of wood during a quarrel in a hotel at Emerald- hill. Johnson was afterwards arrested by the Emerald-hill police on a charge of man slaughter. The weekly meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday; Mr. Knaggs in the chair. A letter was received from the chairman and scrutineers of the election for honorary medical officers, in- forming the committee that Drs. Mother- well, Robertson, Moloney and Laurence were elected as physicians, and Dr. Maclnerney as assistant physician ; that Messrs. Beaney, Fitzgerald, James and Howitt were elected surgeons, and Messrs. Rees, Webb, Ryan and Hunt as assistant surgeons. It was ordered that the official notification should be forwarded to the re- pective gentlemen. Notice of motion by Mr. Hart was given as to the transmission of the thanks of the committee to the honorary medical officers who retire on the 4th September ; and also by Mr. Phillips as to the arrangements necessary for the attend- ance of honorary consulting physicians and surgeons at consultations. The arrangements for the tea meeting at the Town Hall to-morrow evening, in honor of the Bishop of BaUarat, are nearly completed, and should tho weather prove fine it will doubtless be well attended. As soon as tea is finished the tables will be quickly removed, so that the after proceed ings can be got on with with as little deUy as possible. Addresses wiU be presented by tbe clergy and laity to the Bishop, who wiU reply, and the Vicar-General and cler- gymen and laymen wiU take part. At the recent rehearsal of the united choirs in the Town Hall the attendance was so largo that every seat in the orchestra was ffllcd ; and with such a powerful chorus, aided by the grand organ,, a line performance of tbe anthems, choruses, &c.;, may be anticipated. Tho solo parts will be undertaken by mem bers of choirs who have been specially selected for the purpose. The scoond sittings of the. Melbourne General Sessions will commence this morn ing, before. Mr. T. S. Cope, chairman. The prisoners in gaol awaiting tiial are — John Wells, charged' with forgery; John Wm. Lee, for housebreaking ; and Elizabeth Bow- ring, alias Atkinson, charged with stealing money. . . The De Murska concert for this evening presents several novelties. The aria Come per me serena, from Sonnatnbula, Jenny Liml Echo Song, by Tanbert, and the Shadow dnnco from Dinorab, are the numbers iu which the gifted eantatrico will appear, and in addition Signer Giammona will give ffute selections from Lucrozin Borgia and Norma, with variations (the latter his o wfl arrangement) by particular request. The duct from II Belisario by Goria, for two pianod, will be repeated by Messrs. Ander son and Pratt ; and the remaining vocal selections will be a cavatinn from Merca- dante's Zuria, and romanza from Verdi's I duo Foscari, by Signor Susini, and an aria from II Trovatore, and Hobson's Here upon my Vessers Deck, by Signor Carmini Mor- ley, who will also repeat, with Signor Susini, the duo, Ai pcrigli del guerra, from Donizetti's Elisire d'Amore. The ninth concert on .Saturday night will be extra ordinarily attractive, ns in addition to theXJna voce poco fa selection from II Barbiere, an nria from i'obert le Diablo, and the mad sec oc from Lucia del Lammermoor will be presented. The drama of Movtp Cristo was repeated last evening, at the Theatre Royal, to a very good house. The piece went much more smoothly than on tho previous night, and elicited the applause of the audience re peatedly. On Friday evening next Miei Blanche Stammers takes a benefit, when Caste will bo performed. On Saturday night the Now Magdalen will be played. . Tbe Californian MinBtrcls attracted- a large attcndanco at the Apollo Hall lost evenings when a diversified programme was gone through. The descriptive scona, Wreck of tho London, by Mr. W. Carle, wa9 effec tively rendered, and carno in for a large amount of applause. Mr. Ik Boss danced the National Hornpipe in costume, for which ho was applauded, and received an encore. Messrs. Keeley and Garduer de serve praise for their performance of a farce entitled the Bold Gens d'Armes. St. George's nail will be opened on Mon day next by tho Lynch Family of Bellringera ana Instrumentalists. This talented troupe of Victorian artists had great success during a tour of some months' duration through New South Wales nnd Queensland, from which they have recently returned. Their entertainment here will be enhauoed in in terest by tho assistance of several vocalists, including Madame Stcinbach, Mr. Melohor Winter, the tenor, and Mr. T, Margetts, comiquc. An attractive programme is pro mised. The Marionettes drew a large and apprei ciatire audience last evening at St. George's Hall. The change of tho programme has had the effect of greatly increasing the at tractiveness of tho entertainment. A matinee performance will be given to-day, at two p.m. The Australian Natives' Association will hold its usual fortnightly general tcecting to-night, at eight o'clock, al Hockin's Rooms, Elizabeth-' street. The Victorian Protection League hold a meet ing at tbe Mechanics' Institute. Eraerald-bjlL this evening, with tho view to form a bra.1 j leaguo on tho Hill. 1 An extensile collection of oil paintings will be submitted hv public auction by Messrs. Ucmmell, Tuckett and Co., at their rooms to-day, at tw# o'clock. The 'catalogue comprises specimens of ancient and 'modern schools, and deserves atten tion at the bauds of art collectors. St. Saviour:' Mission Church, Collingwood, is to be opened for divine service on Fridny morn ing next, at eleven o'clock, when the Bishop of. HaJJarat is advertised to preach- There will be service in the evening, and on the following Sun day. The uanfs ot the preachers and the hours of scrvico'wili le louod iu oui advertising columns. The meeting of the Shipowners' Association lake place to-day, at Scott's Hotel, at three o'clock. Jt ha- been notified to the committed that a member will submit tho question of pro tection to Victorian shipowners for tbe considera tion of the meeting. The attendance of all ship owner, whether members of tbo association or not, is requested, so that a full expression of opinion iuay he ohtaiucd. 