Iiuiiovtuiit Ipeccli of ... Crtiiubetm. Recently M. Gmnbstta made a speech to his constituents at Belleville, convoked by special individual invitations from M. Blanchct, the proprietor of the hall-room iu the Rue Mcnilmontant, so that the meetimr was in law a nrivnte one. which accounts for the report of it not appearing earlier. The chair was ' taken by M Blanchct, who said that the Republican Democracy of Belleville could not forget that'Gambctta was born to political life in their midst, and reflected with -legitimate pride that in the eloquent orator, tho inspired tribune, they foresaw the states man of tho Republic (Applause.) M. Gambetta then spoke as follows : — " My dear fellow-citizens,— Ever since Jyour suffrages opened before me the por-. tals of political life I have never forgotten thc;debt of gratitude I then , contracted towards you, my first electors. Prosper ous and evil fortune is alike - powerless to -sever iuu uouua mat unite us. rnc union was not heedlessly formed. Wc deliber ately discussed and settled the terms of the contract ; the idea was a good one ; it has' grown and will grow.' After all the 'bitterness, the disappointments/ ami the tips and downs of political life, it ia here, gentlemen, that I.find pcculiar satisfaction in again meeting with old friends, in what may bc.callcd the- cradle of my political life. You know the contract that hound us. Do you know why I came here to- night ? Why, t came to ask you, Does that contract still hold good? (Loud .cliccrs/and cries of " Ves, yes.") I may i udd that while I came amongst you. to. galu fresh strength und greater authority from your approval, I say it with that pride— the pride which a Republican feels— I also came' here to seeks reward which ( believe I have deserved. Mydcnr fellow-citizens, the men of the Republican party have been much abased ; , the most atrocious und also 'the most grotesque calumnies, have , been heaped upon them ; they have been, represented as agents of disorder and social dissolution ; iu a more polished style we have been charged with deserting our original allies ; wc have been told that our moderation was merely a trap! a 61m- ning scheme, the sbcepskiri with which we disguised our wolfish natures ; wc have also had it pointed out to us that we wore paltry apolitical adveuturers— prepared: .'for any .base desertion of onr -friends, :so ' long as it is served our turn. What else is it we have been called? Let me sec, Oh, we have been called petrolcnrs. (Laughter.) Wc have also been described us Italians trained in the school of Machiavel. We have also been: called Bonapartists, and even Orleanists. (Renewed laughter) Gentlemen, there is hot one way ot meeting these accusations and that way is the right way— to meet constituents, by onr conduct before them, and challenge their verdict as to wht tiicr "we are still really uud trully their repre "sen'tatives. JThe last time we, iiietiiearl)', tvvo yeiirs ajjori uied' uri ex'prcssion "which has lweti ' frequently thrust . .in'. , riiy teeth'. I Have been charged with belonging to Belleville, with sticking up for.Bollcvillc, with protesting , ngninst the calumnies levelled ' against Belleville— (laughter)— and, above all, I have .been reproached with Imvulng said that I would -never 'cut off my tail.' '.(Fresh laughter.) . Well gcudcmcn, that word 'tail' iu tlio contemp tuous way iu which our opponents use it, describes accurately enough what they would like to. see us do— they would like to sco us.- turn our backs mi those who ushered us into political life. Well; « no, gentlemen, L have not cut off my tuil — I am not prepared to do so— arid a proof thiit lam not prepared to do is that here I am ainougBt you, the 8ami man as you knew of old." (Great applause.) Then, passing on to review the events of the. lust two years, M. Gambetta pro cccdcd to describe the attempt to reston the Monarchy as a dismal, a miserable failure— equally repugnant to the country, whose loathing liad been unmistakably expressed, and to the army, whose glorious symbol it would hayu suppressed —and whose chasscpots would, according' to the highest magistracy of the country, have spontaneously goue olT to put down the attempt, had it been seriously made. Me continued : — " The Legitimate Monarchy theory received its deathblow ; but the factions - would not yet acknow ledge themacivc.s tn be beaten. They had another Monarchy in store ; and to pave the way for it they invented that droll combination the Septennatc. Well, the Scptcnnatc had gained in the laud ghosts, the shadows of traditinual Monar chy. Nevertheless, that hybrid and anony mous Government hnd lasted long enough to paralyse public confidence aud check the vitality of the nation. It had done even worse than that ; it had given an opportunity to the supporters of one pntry to come forward and openly advocate the restoration of that regime which was the greatest shame of France in the past, and her greatest peril in the future. (Great applause.) Frivolous statesmen, hi tlu-ir dread of the Republic, actually drew from their ignominy the remnants of the ignoble faction of December. (Applause.) Their object was to throw the country into the arms of the Constitutional Monarchy through their Byzantine regime of the beptennate ; and to check the progress the Republican party was making in tue country. But their shoulders were uot broad cuoiigh for the task they had undertaken. The danger became obvious. A gleam of the light of common sense flashed through the Assembly — and the eyes of all were opened to the necessity of resorting to the only form of government strong enough to drive hack the cut throats of despotism. The ltcpuhliu was appealed to — concessions were made, some honest n3i sacrificed their opinions ; others consented to defer the realisation of their hopes. But there can he 110 doubt that the leading motive was dread of thnt hateful leprosy which threatened once more to invade France. I allude to Ctusnrism." M. Gambetta then eloquently dwelt on the advantage of' conciliation and com promise iu the interest of the Republic, and proceeded at considerable length to analyse the Constitution. Me specially dwelt upon the Senate, and insisted that it was a mistake to think that it must he a focus of reaction and anti-Republican feeling. He pointed out specially that the backbone of the constituencies of the new Senate would he the backbone of French Democracy — i.e., the 3G.000 muni cipal councils. He was proud to say that the peasants of France hud their fate in their own hands— they were the men to say who were to be the real sovereigns in a free nation— themselves and their true representatives, or those who wished to be tray them first mid to enslave them after wards. M. Gambetta then protested against the supposition that there was, a necessary antagonism between Ric dwellers in the country ami the dwellers in the towns. That distinction hnd been invented by the makers of coups tC etat, who tried to set up one part of Frauce against another. They were uuauimous— all De mocratic, all.Ucpublican. Those who had devised a Senate as an instrument of re action had;takcn themselves in— (laughter) — or perhaps the title had deceived them. They called .the new house a Senate, ami' believed it would be a Senstc after the old fashion. They were taken in their own trap. It would not be a Senate; it would he the grand council of the French com munes. That was the title that should he adopted. The old label "the fcscnate," was exploded, used up ; it was uot a Senate after the old fashion; a Semite for the use of monarchies they were to have. Their pretensions went far beyond that. The Senate must he imbued with the spirit of the French Democracy, laborious and patient, energetic aud teuacious, consisting of 12,000,000 of workmen, pcasauts, and small bourgeois, who claim to manage their own business in their own way. M. Gam betta then told his hearers that a peculiar phenomenon would take place in the masses through the working of univcrsui suffrage. They would learn the secret tbat the little hit of paper which every mini had a right to .put into the ballot-tox was tho foundation of everything, of every. function in the State, nnu that by the use of thiit little bit of pnper,4 or in other; words hy hin vote, a man, however humble, had his share; in influencing- and controlling thu.Govcrnmcnt of his country, and could effectually do so without tumults, without riotiug, without revolution, by the | pure and simple operation of the law thnt the will uf the majority must prevail. . Was that policy subversive ? No; hut it was the very reverse of the policy that had hitherto, prevailed, lie did not coiicciil from his hearers thnt there would be a great battle to fight, hut it was abnttic to be fought gradually, aud one iri which they must gain ground step by step.' No doubt a great many respectable, highly respectable, people would make the Senate the point <C appui of resistance against modern ./ideas.' Well, they could hiot cxpoct to liave a' mode! Upper House nil at once, and to carry tho day at one rush. Their victory must be a work of reason, and must be a worit of tuiie ii'tlicy would haVe it endure, : ' When the applause wbich greeted M. Gambetta on sitting down had subsided, a voice in the h, ill exclaimed, " What about tho 75 ?" 'Mi Gambetta said,' " My friend forgcts nothing." It was au anomaly that 75 senators should be elected by the Assembly.' He had been obliged to con sent-to this anomaly as a matter of tactics .'to gct the whole bill passed. I-Ie hnd -'always considered this concession a sacrifice, thoiirih only: a. temporary one. But there was this consolation, that the present Assembly would certainly not elect 'a "single Boua- partist, . , . 