A CARNIVAL OP SPIRITS. The millions of Spiritualists in the United States, says the Chicago Tribune„ find their Mecca just now in a little farm house which lies seven miles north of Eut land, Vt. It is the home of William H. and Horatio G. Eddy, and it is haunted with hundreds of ghosts. Colonel Henry S. Olcott has been investigating the-pheno mena for the New York Daily Graphic, and his letters have been profusely illustrated. The Eddys were tormented "by spirits from their birth.' Their father a prosaic farmer, first essayed to cast ont the devils by beat ing and starving the victims. When this failed he used his children's spiritual gifts to make* money. They gave exhibitions. I Ha superintended the show and -pocketed the proceeds.' The boys and their sisters (now dead) were mobbed, stoned, beaten, burnt, and shot. They, were twisted into agonising positions and tied there for hours while the manifestations went on. When they came home, tbey. would gladly have relinguished their inconvenient powers, but they could not. It is noteworthy, by the way, that • these powers r ,were inherited. Hrs Eddyj the mother of the boys, was a clairvoyant. Her mother had the same facilities.' Her great«grandmother , was sentenced to. death for witchcraft,'in but was rescued from Salem .Gaol' by friends, and secretly sent to' Scotland. The children could not go to school, for tbey were accompanied thither by rappings that drove the other scholars wild with fear. They have consequently had little:! education, 'I hey are, and • always have, been, unpopular. They are sly, grpff, sensi tive men. Their reputation for integrity '■ good, but the neighbours think tbey are in league with the devil. With this preface about themselves, we pass to what they or the spirits around them have done. There have been thousands of manifestations. Very many have c nsisted only o£ feats ot pjairvoyance, moving furniture, and rap ping put communications. Two great fltfffl el f&etp; ressaiu—tae Asating jp the air of human bodies and the materialisation of spirit forms. Horatio Eddy, when he was in his seventh year, was one night carried three miles through the air to a neighbour ing mountain-top and left to go home as he could. Colonel Olcott gives no authority for the story, which may be founded on a merei case of sleep walking, but he quotes the testimony of two out of three eye" witnesses to the fact that another brother, now dead, wsb earned out of a window and and over a house. There are hundreds of instances to be given under the second grand , division—the materialisation of spirits. The ghosts of known and nnknown persons have appeared in the house and in the neighbourhood, in darkness and in light. People have talked with them and have felt them. They have been distinctly seen. Colonel Olcott weighed the spirit of an Indian girl, Honta, twice. She stood on Fairbanks' scale and weighed 88 pounds the first time and 85 the next. He turned the full force of a powerful battery upon her without producing any apparent efiect. Nearly all the phenomena attending the ap pearance of " Katie King" in London and in Philadelphia have been repeated in or aronnd the Eddy homestead. Very many persons" have witnessed them. Since Colonel Olcott began his investigation he haB received innumerable' letters from all over the country asking him to procure in« formation on different points from the spirits. Afost of the letters, it is needless to add, are very silly. They serve to show, nevertheless, how wide-spread public in terest in this subject is. Is spiritualism a cheat or is it true ? There are many, many people who would give a good deal to have this question definitely decided. 