MISCELLANY. The Lowell Courier says—"We have coloured schools in the north. 'At any rate there is a Brown university." In the first number of a new paper was found a letter from an " Old Subscriber." His age was hot given. Some sermonfsera (said Sydney Smith) preach as if sin were to be taken.from man as Eve was from Adam, by casting them into a deep sleep. The Boston Sunday. Courier says—"The tenor and soprano in a South End chQlr are to he married soon. They met by chants, the uqpal-way." A Yonkers man has invented a way to make his home happy, and intends to apply lor a patent It is done by keeping away from it. A grocer in the suburbs, when complained to about selling bad eggs, said, " At this time Of the year the hens are not well, and often lay bad eggs." A citizen of Syracuse has 13 children, all girls. What that father has spent for hairpins would have bought the Western Union telegraph wires.— Milwaukee Sentinel. Sufficient Reason.—There are two rea sons why some people don't mind their own business. One is that they have no business, and the other is that they have no mind. A Sound Cbitio.—" I "guess I'll take this book," remarked a Chicago lady to the clerk of a book store," it's got twice as much gold leaf on the cover as any of the rest." A Response.—A clergyman at Kansas City said that if there was any one within hearing of his voice who would try put a stop to Sunday dog fighting, he'd like to have 'em rise up, A ama11 boy and an old woman rose up. A Virginia city butcher told a painter to make him a Bign which would read "Multum in Parvo Sausage." When he got it, great flaming letters showed him "Mutton in Porko Sausage." It took three men to get the cleaver out of ids banSa, A Challenge.—An ambitious Texan having read somewhere about the Pope's "bulls," announces in one of the papers published in the interior of the state that he has a three-year-old brtndle steer, blind of one eye, that he will match to whip any bull the Pope can produce. . ! Tricks on. >.Yoongsters.—A Poughkeepsie parent lately induced a croupy youngster to make quite a hearty meal of buckwheat cakes and " maple molasses," but the latter proved to be nice syrup of squills. The boy said he thought something ailed the molasses the very minute Us father told him to eat all his wanted. That Explains it.—A Plain villa clergy man Insists that he saw a snake 40ft. loruf and as bur round as a barrel of whisky. A pretty good-sized insect that; we have no doubt but that eaw it, bpt he unquestionably saw the barrel of Whisky before he saw the snake. It seems more reasonable, some how. Seeing Stars.—JameBFreeman Clarke has invented a lantern' to: eee stare with, but we dbn't > think his invention .will amount to much. A man can see enough stare to last him a lifetime by simply sitting down heavily on-the ice on the tack of his head. Some men have seen millions oLstara .in an instant by merely calling a bigger man than fhem eelveealior. ' A Great Time.—" Yon jist ought to have .been over to our house last night," shohted one small boy tp another on the Campus Martins yesterday. ".Why-^-maklng pictures ?" Inquired the other. "Neut much! humph I NO. sir; our folks wentaway, apd we had popcorn, two kinds of sweetened water, milk and camphor, drew the dog around in the table cloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories."— Detroit Tribune. : Sabbatarianism in Scotland.—-A curious case of alleged .Sabbath desecration reoently occupied the attention of the Free Church Presbytery of Dunoon and Inverary, involving a question of no oral-1 npry' importance. ■ It seems that, about four yean U^lugntDunoon, waA eeerrto*put^i on his ; greenhouse Are top a Sunday. Xhlsledfcra and it is urged en his behalf that In replenishing the that any enlightened BCOtchmih could be (he victim P&Z;& »KSESK£WffiMf3S T*!0 ^ "^w.jsm. tirfjwnfcijbrt bodyhas nis Hwea ior fl&upittnon; Of opuuon-Zironi too prof f bytery Mto wbsthefthework ofaftenainglothe grmh, | hearirgthe presbjrtery's dedslon, and although jgg pearing to, m disappointed that no. decision ' arrived at, was Oviflentlyprepared to-bbar his fete wUfrtortftuds. -The unhappy man,lt ia Btated; be lieves he has done nothing wrong, but wiU abide by superior judgment.—PallllallGaeette. ' ' The "Nursling oy the St6rm.—A bikn' drtesed (n sailor costume was in a criminal court npon a charge of stealing a pair of boots,. As he had no oouneel the court appointed 4 young lawyer tojAge charge of the defenoe, -The lawyer Opened the ease with a speech, in Which he spoke of his client aa " a child of the sad Bea waves, a nursling ot the storm, whom the pitiless billows had cast, a folorn and friend-' lees waif, upon the shores of time after a life spent in fierce arid- heroic contest with the raging elements." Then an acquaintance of the defendant, was put in the box, and the fact was revealed that he waseooW tqfcm j a "mat boat, previous to which he had hawked fish in ; WhiteCbapeL The " nursling of the storm " is now in, j gnollorslx months. . ; Mark Twain onCham^ermaiM—AgaiiiNfc i all chambermaids, of wbatsoever<age or nstionaUty, 1 launch the corse of bacbelordom, They put your < boots into inaccessible places. They chiefly enjoy.de ; positing them as far unddr the' bod ait the wall'will1 (permit. They always put; tire match-box in:sftne i other place. They hunt up a new place for it every, 1 day, and put a bottle or bther perishable fetaae thmg' * where the bok stoodbfefore. This will disgust ybu.' ' They like that. No matter where you , put anything, (they won't let it'stay there. They Will take it and. move it the first chance they get. And they uee more 1 hair oil than any six mem Theykeep «3waye Coming j tp make your bed befbre you get up,. thus destroying, i your rest; but alter yon get up they don't come any more till the next dav. 1 > ■ ' i Meddle sot mTB. Asogm&'a Hiccups.—A) y oung gentleman bad been told that, a sudden shock or (fright would core the hiccup®, and the Other evening, j while be vm studying his lesson for the morrow' by : drawing a picture of the schoojaia'rMn pn his slate, his jrespected progenitor was seized with' a fit of hiccups. ;The old gentleman was tilted back in his chair, with j his feet resting on the top of the stove, and the young hopeful concluded to try -.the cure nn him. Just as the old man was. "netting" With a heart-breaking ("•hie," the boy jumped and!yelled "Firel" The old' ; man was just getting out "jcuh—cuh," but be nevpr (got it Out. Be gave a jump which tilted over the : chair, and'in endeavouring to regain his lost equili btium, his feet flewap against top tahle, upsetting it apd a Btndent-lainp which Stood upon it, and bis head landed in "the ashes on the stove hearth. The old' lady, hearing the racket,. «ame -ruiming in from the (kitchen, and tripped over the- old man's prostrate iform, knocking down a whabfot'witti a- lot of glass ' and china ornamenta When that boy's father arose {from the wreck, and shook the ashes and wplintefs of' iglass out of his hair and clothesr he- was cured of the thiccups,'but there was a look of sternness inhis eye.' The boy can't play tag now] and he eits on the edge of ' (the seat at school, and'lies, on his front .whan in bad, - land silently murmurs that the old man can hiccup his' lold bead ofi before he will try to cure him agairu— (The Hub. i Great Legal Authorities and their Wills. The fact that the wills of two-Lord Chancellors within. (as many years Bhould have occasioned grave difficulty ps not a little remarkable. Lewd Westbury's will; care- ' (fully prepared by bitns$L was Baid to be exceedingly hard to construe by the Master-of. the Bolls. - In toe icase of Lord fit. Leonards the difficulty is still' more' (grave. Hia will, \\* written in his own handwriting, 1 on five or six sheets of old quarto white letter-paper," has been loet, and toe: advertisement offering £500 keward for its recovery declares that it hat been "lost bince August, 1873." -Unless the dooument isforto cotning, toe presumption of law may possibly, be in buck a case that the testator destroyed this will I" amnio revocandij" and'setioiis results to Ins family may be toe consequence. There is, a strong belief - in the neighbourhood of Boyle Farm that tne mfaaW 1 will of the late Lord St.- Leonards. for which a reward ' of £500 is offered, is buried .with him.; It wasiSSen , tn his hands a few days before his death. By Ids fexprees desire, the venerable ex-Chancellor was laid ' 111 bis coffin in a dressing-gown whieh he usually wore. fend in the pocket of this dres ring-gown is supposed to be the will. It is said that steps will speedily be' " taken to prove thetruth or falsehood of this rumour. It is curious how often the wills of eminent lawyers have occasioned litigation. . Lord Chief Justice Sauo fierS appears to have made a speculative devise, upon ' the validity of which his executors—Maynard. Holt, and Polleiffen, all great lawyers—were divided-in , Opinion.1 The wills of Lord Chief Justice Holt and Mr. Serjeant Jfaynard were -the subjedt of Chancery • proceedings. So was the will of Chief Baron Thomson. Mr. Serjehnt Hill's will yas *' so singularly confused . that, but for&he; respect due to the very learned Ser jeant, it might.not unreasonably havabeen held void for uncertainty." The will of Sir Samuel Bomilly was ihattificially drawn. The will of Mr. Bradley, the qeleteated conveyancer, was set aside by Lord Thar lbwfor uncertainty: "and a late learned Master in Chancery directed the 'proceeds of his estate to be invested in Consols in bis own name." i Hazlttt. —The• best, Indeed, cd Hazlitt's criticisms—if the word, may be so far extended—are His criticisms of living men. The criticism of contem porary portraits called the " Spirit of the Age" is one of the first Of tijose series which ' haVe now' become popular, as it is certainly one of the very best, The.. ; descriptions of Bentham, and Godwin, and Coleridge, ; and HomeTooke are masterpieces in their way. Th?y afre, of course, unfair, but thatis apart'cf their charm. One would.no.more take for gmntedHazlitt'S vatua- . tjon of Wordsworth than Tlmon's ' judgment of '. Alcibiades. Hazlttt sees through coloured glasses, bjit his vision is not the less penetrating. The vulgar , satirist is sucht one as Hazlitt somewhere mentioned who cailed Wordsworth, a dunce. Hazlitt was quite incapable of such a Solecism. He. knew, nobody better, that a telling caricature must be a good like ness. If he darkens the shades, and here and there exaggerates an ungainly feature, we still know that - the shade exists ana that the feature is not symmetri cal. Be Quincy reports the saying of some admiring friend of Hazlitt, who confessed to a shudder when ever Hazlitt used his habitual: gesture of plac ing his hand within his waistcoat. The hand might emerge armed with a dagger. "Whenever, said the same friend {Heaven preserve us from our friends!), Hazlitt had been distracted tor a nioment from the general conversation, he looked round with a mingled air of .suspicion and defiance, as though some objectionable phrase might have evaded . >his censure in the interval. The trails recur to us when we read Hazlltt's descriptions ot the men he had known.. We seem to see the dark sardonic. man, wptching the faces of and gestures of his friends, ready to take sudden offence at" any affront to his cherished prejudices, and yethamperedby a kindof nervous timidity which makes him unpleasantly oon- . sclous of bis own awkwardness. He remains silent* till somebody unwittingly contradicts his unspoken thoughts—the most irritating kind of contradiction to some people—and perhaps heaps indiscriaalnating , praise on ah old friend—a term nearly synonymous .with an: old enemy; - Theh tha dagger * suddenly flashes onfe and Hazlitt strikes two or three rapid bkiws, aimed with unerring eccipaqy at,the weak .points of the armour, whtcih be knows so well. Ana then, as he strikes, a'rerouting comes over him; bp remembers old days with a sudden gust of fond-. bees, and'puts a touch ofscorn for his allies or himself. Coleridge may' deserve a blow, but-. Jbfye applause of_ Coleridge's enemies awakes .bis self-reproach. His invective turns, in to panegyric, . aid he warms for a time into hearty aamlratioh, which proves that his irritation arieee from an exasMt' not from' a defaqt, of sensibility;, till finding that he hah gone a Utile too far, he lets his praise sUde intoJequivoOaVdeecrtptioh, And tilth some renting epigram ffh relapses Info, silence.. The portraits, thps drawn are never wanting in piquancy npr in fidelity. Bfoodingoverhisinjuriesandhls deSertlohS.Hariftt has pondered almost with the Sagemero of alorer it may be^has given keeh^Sto'tih ' htahiteipretedr lb Us own IwildOb eVerymobd emd g^ura He haa watohed his watches a Bpyal favourite. He bgh ~ memory/ss wc fabcy, thc good «M ._ . shy new cor imraidineroembthewd at the | >bomaat,andbrings them put In the ihapeofai . inaT description. When such a'tnin fifo at bof silent'and apparently welf-iheorhed,•' and yrt" . and ,aerwittve,We may. well bpffrald ef the, .dfe „ ^AndvetHaidttitibo'1 i ; nor is hlBuwaity «a a" by sideof tHaWs "itoe talking potato.*-are oeateu »■ « of human rightt.—Comhlll Magazine. 