,1'HE HON. THE MINISTER FOR W0HK3 AT MARYBOROUGH. . A banquet waa Riven at Maryborough on '?New Year's Day to celebrate tho driving of the first pile of tho now bridge ovor tho Mnry River by the Hon. tho Minister for Wovks. In reply' to tho toast of ''Our Ghost,' .Mr. King (cays tho Chronicle) responded as, follows :— Ehe Tory kind rccoptibn I havo received at your handB gives mo unnpeakabla gratification ; and I am tho more satisfied that I am iii Mary borough to-day, and present at a banquet in celebration of tho commencement of so very importanfa work as a bridge ovor the Mary Eiver. When I first visited your district — cow many years ago— I saw not only tho justice, but the absolute necessity of the Mary Rivor being spanned by a bridge. I wtnt into the Legislative Ansombly determined; if possible, to got that bridge built. I failed. Nevertheless, yoii will all admit that I fought hard for it ; and, although I was not in tho House when the monoy was actually voted, yet I flatter myself that to my efforts, in somo measure, is due this happy rosult. A gentleman present appeared to have some doubts as to the work being completed within twelve months. Of course, you will understand that when I speak of the completion of the work in twelve months I nm calculoting on favourable weather, and I am supported in my opinion by Mr. Robertson, tho foreman of the work, who6o large experience at similar contracts renders him n most roliable authority. Whilst on this subject I must crave your in dulgence, for a few moments, whilst I explain why thia work is being curried on by the de partment rather than by contraot. Tho plans on whioh Hub bridge is to be built have been conceived by Mr. Byerley, the Government en gineer. A contraot for similar work has never yet been let in Queensland, and it is but fair to allow Mr. Byerley, whoso reputation is at stake, to carry on the work in. his own way. But there is also another reason. Tho Mury Bridge, although the first large wooden bridgo bUit in Queensland, will not be tho last, but rather one of a series. It is therefore highly desirable that a corps of bridgo builders Bhould bo got, and, if possible, kept together. Men who understood their work thoroughly, and with whom there would be no trouble. I make these remarks by way of explanation why wo are not doing the work by contract. Tho. bridge, as I stated once before, will be 1,800 feet long, and 35 feet above high water mark. In order that the navigaiiou of J?ur r'Tor may n°t DB inter rupted, there will be a drawbridge, Z2 (?l'oli t]le largest vessels' can pasB. It is not definitely settled of what material the piors will bo com posod. Probably, they will be. iron screw ; at all ovents, tenders will bo called for such piles, and, if the price iB reasonable, they will bo accepted. I hare every confidence In your tvro ? local foundries, that they will not allow such a. job to go out of the town. Tho next three months will be devotod td making the approaches on either side; and preparing tlib portions .of the bridge that will cross the water. At.tho expiration of that time the wet censon may be expected to have passed, and operations in the water can be commenced. There is'one matter I should like to allude to. .When Mr. Robert-' Bon wns ttfc Roukhttmntion, and received t» teje gram ordering him to come to Maryborough1, oue of the Rockhampton papers Btated that Maryborough wub to havo the preference over Maokay, and that tho commencement of the bridge at the latter place would- be delayed twelve months. This statement was entirely without foundation, if wo except a roport that appears to havo been current tbafs tho Mackay bridge was to have been con; ' strilcted Under tho supervision of Mr: Rttbef'ti soti. ._ Sd fur, ' indeed, froth the Government . wishing to delay tho work, tenders were actually called in the Qazeite, puhlishe.l tho Saturday prior to the clay on whioh tho para graph appeared, calling for tenders for tho work. It is tho intention of the Government to carry on bo^li these bridges nfc Mis saino time. X trottbib you with this matter because thid 'ib' the firBt public opportunity I havo had of con- ? tradicting a , roport calculating to do great mischief, for the Miekay people nro just as keen &b; you for a bridge. The commencement of this bridge U the commencement of a Bevies of publio buildings about to be erected in Mary borough (cheorB),aud the southei'ii.constiluencics wore quite prepared tb gifre them tuir pliiy.. He believed thete was no part of .the colony ' that ceuld support so lurgb a population us th'ese districts.', ,As longjio it co.tild be.deitionBtr'atqd' to tlio sbuthehi constituencies that public worlis would be reproductive thero would be no diffi culty in obtaining money for them, Ho believed ' that the tolls of tho Mary river bridge would pay at leait ten per cent, on theloutlay. A railway through this district would be !the best pitying line in the colony.; . ?; ? ?'?'? Mr. Bailoy, M.L.A. for Wide Bay, in.reBpb.pcl ing to. the toust of the ' Legislature/' regrotted tho absence of Mr. Moretpn on this auspicious occasion, and that they wore thus doprived of the pleasure of hearing this toast responded to in Mr-. Moreton's usual genial manner. Ae the representative of Widb Bay, he' was vary pieaqed to be present at this ceremony, the first reaf re cognition of Maryborough by a Queensland Government j tho result of many years' ' solicitation, and finally tnkoa in hnnd by a Liberal Government. He wished it to be always borno in mind that.thp intercuts of the ... threo elector&ttiB; were identical, so that y/hai' waa for, the benefit of one was alao beneficial' to the others ; in fact, that Gympio, Maryborough, and Wide Bay formed ono largo electorate re turning three members, of whom ho had the honour to be one. Maryborough, as the natural' port, wob deeply intcreeted in tho welfare of the Burrounding districts; thoy wero qll so linked together that 'there ought to bo no jealousy. This day's proceedings had been looked; upon by many as a triumph for tho Liberal party, but ho wished to expluin what ho meant by tho Liberal party.. The members for this district ?were not the , supporters of any particular Ministers j they were independent representa tives ; they were not merely supporters, .of Mr. Mticalister, but of a policy of Reform and Pro gress. . If Mr. MocaHster ceused, to advance) they ' would not scruple to oppose him; but as long oa ho oarried out his declared policy and dealt juBtly by these hitherto ntglected distriptB, he would reooivo their support, and no longer. If he failed to do justly, his Ministry must go. There wbb onothor view of liberalism taken by very many, and properly bo. It was false polioy. to heayily tax one portion of the oolony und deal liberally with another part only ; to tax this district year after year, and spend those taxes eUowhore -nhilBt wo nro negloctod. He looked upon this bridge as the commencement of a juBt, Jiboral policy, and that promises would not be kept, by not being fulfilled. . . '' Nabbow Esoapb at Toowoomba. —The Chronicle of tlio 6th instant says' :~' Yostor day afternoon, between four and five o'clock, a woman named Mrs. Jones was; drawing' a, bucket of wator from the well ut tho rear of Mr. Kirk's premjsea, in Ruthven-streot. Mr. Kirk, who was engaged in the shop, looked to see what was the cause of tho nojso at the well, when ho missed Mrs. iTonea. It at onco Blruck him thut she had fallon in, and ho ran to her ? assistancB and told her to hold on by the bucket, whioli waa tho evident means of koop ing lier above water. Assislaupu was soon pro* cured from tho neighbours arouud, 'and tho poor woman oxtrioatod from her porilous posilionv The well is 45 feot deep, having about 20 feet of water in it, and it is almost.a ipiraclo she was not killed on the spot. W^ aVolploiiBed'to learn tliat'the unfortunate 'woman jis not so much injured as the nature of 'her »poiden(; would lead us to expeofc.' 