FICTION. 1 "{From EhglUbt American, noa oilier Perlodlcalf.) A SEA FLO WEM. Chapter XXXVI. EN EOÜTE. ,» #. "When true hearts are withered, And fond ones are flown, Oh, who would inhabit ' This cold world alone * -Moore. ' The few days left to Dolly of her old life flew by withjfetartling rapidity, and her heart sank very low, poor child, at the prospect of going out into the world among strangers, with no friendly faces near her, no familiar tongues to speak words of comfort and encouragement when she was riérvotífor downcast. Mrs. Lytham bad acted a kind and motherly part by her apprentice. Sho had supplemented her little stock of clothes with many useful and pretty artioles, and had done her best to interest Madam Georges in her new assistant. That lady had written .kindly enough, and had promised to send some one to meet Polly at the end of her. journey ; Mrs. Lytham was to pro- vide Her fare, and Lovell undertook that hi« mother should see her safely off He conld not spare time to come to Birmingham himself for the- purpose, for he had to work very hard in Reason, and oat of season, and his recent visit had absorbed two precious days. Miss Bland parted with Dolly the night before, for she was to Bleep at Mrs. Darritt's house and start from there." -She bade her good bye kindly, but she mixed so much of advice with her farewell», and gave her so many cautions abont the dangers of London, that the poor girl felt quite miserable at the thought of going and was half sorry she had ever consented to take snob, a perilous step. Her wardrobe was not an extensive one-a moderate-sized trank and a small box held all her belongings In the latter she placed all her valuables-all the articles found with her when she was rescued from the sea. They were the ¿ole connecting link between herself and the un- known relations she hoped in heart to find some day, and this box she resolved she would not lose 'sight of during the journey. The little chairi and locket Lovell had given her, with a lock of his dark hair in it, she clasped carefully round her neck, and hid under her jacket; it seemed a link between her and all that had till sow been her home. The parting between herself and Lovell had been very brief. He had seen her home on the night of the tea meeting, and stood in the hall of Miss Bland's house with her for a minute or two'. A long, clinging kiss, a hand-clasp, a whispered " God bless you, my darling," and Lovell was gone, no more to be seen till much that was eventful had happened to both of them. But only a parting of a few months was in their minds when they bade each other good- bye that night, and Lovell left her with an easy mind-her fortune safe, as he thought, iu tbe hands of kind, considerate friends. But " L'homme propose," &o; -the proverb is some- what musty ; and it was as well, perhaps, that neither of these two young people could see into the future. Mrs. Lytham knew and approved highly of their engagement-sho knew and esteemed Lovell very highly, and was glad to have Dolly go out into the world with suoh a safeguard as their betrothal to help to support and guide her in new duties Poor Dolly broke down utterly when the time came for her to leave Mrs Darritt's comfortable home. With the arrival of the cab that was to take them to the station her tears burst forth, and sho sobbed wildly. " Oh, let me stay with you always I" Bhe said. " Don't let me go away." " My deary, you must," Molly said quietly ; and getting her into the cab she did the wisest thing possible under the circumstances, let her weep out her passionate grief on her shoulder, so that by the time the cab drew up at New Street Station she had pretty nearly reoovered her com- posure. At the cab door stood Mr. Carson. " Ah, here you are," he said. " I promised Mrs Lytham I'd look you up. I had to be down herd on business. Is this all your luggage, ohild ? That's it; come along " It waa a great relief to Mrs. Darritt to have this bastling, business-like gentleman spring up all of a sudden, and take all the charge off her hands. The ways of railway stations and their attendants were a mystery to her, and had not Dolly been pretty sharp herself, she might have stood a chance of being sent off northward or westward instead of to her proper destination. Bat Mr. Carson did everything-dismissed the cabman, who was deliberately charging double his fare, seeing Molly's ignorance of such matters, procured the ticket, and saw Dolly and her precious box safe into a comfortable seat. "You can't miss your trunk at Euston Square," be said. "It's properly labelled) and the little box is under the scat Good-bye, my dear Be as good a girl to Madam Georges as you were to Mrs. Lytham, and you'll get on " And shaking her kindly by the hand, he left a sovereign in her palm, and was gone. "Now, isn't that kind of him ?" said Molly, as she pressed into the carriage for a last kiss andgood-bye. " He'sa good man, is Mr. Carson. Is that box quite 6afe, deary ?" "Yes it's here." "Put your feet upon it and make sure. Ah I must go now. Here's the guard coming. Good-bye ! God bless you !" It was through very dim and_ tearful eyes that Dolly saw the last of her old'friend on the extensive range of platform, frantioally waving her handkerchief long after there was any pos- sibility of her being seen from the carriages Her heart was very full, and it was with great ! difficulty Bhe kept herself from bursting into passionate weeping, so that a good many miles of her journey were over before she could look about her and see what sort of companions had fallen to her lot. They were of the usual type of third-olass pas sengers, and'nonc of them took much notice of her; a motherly-looking woman, with two little children, being the only one who spoke to her for a long time. She was a pleasant, homely- looking body - a woman whom the Scotch word "sonsy" expresses exactly-and she noticed Dolly's sad face and her hard straggle with her tears, and felt for her from the bottom of her heart. She was of an inquiring turn of mind, too, and was curious to know who the pretty girl was, and where she was going. " Going far ?" she asked presently, when she saw the red lips had left off quivering, and that Dolly could look about her once more. " To London." " Ah, London is a big place. I'm going to town too; my husband is gone into busi- ness there. He's in the barber line, he is, and we're going to settle in Walworth. You'll have friends there, maybe ?" "No." " Dear me, are you going all alone ?" " Yes." _ " That's dreary work. You'll be going to & situation, I suppose ?" "Yea." " Ah, don't ory now. It's lonely enough I dare say ; bat you'll get on. Why, I went away from borne and all my friends when I was a young lass, without mother or father, or a penny to help me on in the world. My mother and father died in one week of smallpox, and no one would come near me. I thought my heart would break, but I lived through it somehow, and I found friends. I was willing to work, mi I did ; and after awhile I found a good hus- band too, and that's what will come to you some of those days. Ah, that's him, I suppose," she added, laughing, as a turn of Dolly's head sent her looket out from under her jaoket, and made jt »y open, showing » oarte of Lovell. I " YeB," she said simply j '* that's him." " And a good honest, handsome face he has of bis own. Was that his mother that saw you off?" " Yes." " He's like her. Ton think me a very imper- j tinent woman, I daresay, hat it's just my way ; yon mustn't mind me." " Oh, I don't," Dolly said, " not a hit. He is good, and so is his mother. I have known them all my life." " That looks like a happy fntnre. My first love affair was a dreadful blunder." "Was it?" " Yes, indeed. I can laugh at it now I'm ¡ an old married woman, with my children around j me ; but it was no langhing matter then, I can tell you." " How was it?" Dolly asked, for she saw that j nothing would please her companion better than ! to tell of it. She was right. It was delightfnl to the garru- lous woman to have a listener, and she dashed 1 into her Btory without any further pressing. " You see I was in service in London? she said, " and a hardworking place it was; bali I'd got a few pounds in the bank, and my mistress was very kind to me. Everything was goto g well with me till I met him, the scamp ! Tall me if I tire you with my gossip." I ' "Ob, no; I am very muoh interested " 1 " He was a gentleman's valet, and used to\ look like a gentleman himself, and I was very proud to go out with him on a Sunday, dressed out in my best. My missis didn't like him at all ; she warned me against him, bat I wouldn't be advised. ' He's after no good, Sarah, depend on it/ she used to say to me. ' Ho wants your money. Take care what you do with it.' It was a lodging-house I was in, and what with perquisites and money from lodgers, I'd got a tidy bit, and sure enough that was what he did want, and he got it too. He always seemed to have plenty, hut it was his master's, the scamp ! and I thought I was going to be a rioh woman when I married him ; bnt he robbed me, my dear, of every penny I had in the world." "How?" " Why, he carne to mo one day with a cook and-bull story about the bank being breaking, and said if I did not draw my money before a certain hour I bhould lose every penny of it. | Missis was out, and I couldn't go-of coarse he knew that-and he made me give him a line to get it for me, to save it, as he said. ' I'll be back with it in two hours, Sally,' he siid, and my dear, I never saw him again. Missis was very kind, and went to the polios for me, and did all she could ; bat it was no use. He bad been tamed away from his' place, and no one knew where he was gone to " " And was he never caught ?" "Notthen, my dear." " But since ?" " Yes ; but not for anything he did to me. Only a very little while ago I was reading the newspaper to my busband-who was ill, poor man 1-and there I saw his name-he was in prison in Birmingham, waitiog his trial for forgery." " In Birmingham 1" "Yes; but there was no trial after all. He managed to get away. I think I should have liked to have seen him tried and sentenced ; he deserved it if ever man did." Dolly's interest in the good woman's story was thoroughly roused now. " For forgery, did you Bay ?'' she asked. " Yes. He'd forged the name of some great firm in Birmingham, and gone off with a lot of money. He went back in disguise, and frightened his poor wife nearly ont of her wits (for ho had a wife, and a fine woman they say she was), and he was taken np from her house at last, poor thing. A precious life she must have had with him, the villain. I believe he rained her." " What was his name ?" usked Dolly abruptly. "I beg your pardon. I don't mean to be rude; but-" "Lor' bless you, my dear, you ain't rude. His name's Wilfred Lytham, if that is his real name. He seems to have lots. Bless me, child, how pale you look! Do you know anything about him ?" " A little. I have seen bim several times. His wife, Mrs. Lytham was my mistress, and a dear mistress, and a dear, kind lady she is. I was her apprentice till the business was broken up." " Through him ? ' " Yes." " The scoundrel ! Was be as handsome as ever ?" " Most people used to call him good-looking ; but his face always frightened me." " What was his wife like !" " She is a very handsome woman ; but she's sadly altered by trouble lately. Everybody loves her that knows her. I love her very dearly." " Poor thing ! She had a hard time of it Bless me what noise they are making in the next compartment !" A group of navvies, being conveyed some- where, were amusing themselves and deafening everyone else with shouting songs at the top of their voices, and it was a relief to every one when the train slaokened speed, and the porters shouted " Bletchley ! Bletchley !" ia various keys. Hero the navvies got out, and evoyone of Dolly's companions, except the mother and her ohildren ; and a very feeble old man was esoorted from the waiting- room to fill one of the vacant seats. He seemed so old as to be perfectly imbeoiblc, and was so infirm that he conld scarcely walk. He was aeoompanied by a young man, bo re- pulsive looking that Doily shrank instinctively back as he carne nearer, though he seemed ten- der and careful enough in supporting his charge. She had never seen him before, she was sure of that, and yet, as she looked at him, all sorts of unpleasant reoolleotions seemed to flit before her. His face seemed to recall all that had passed during her stay at Mrs Lybham's, and yet she could not connect the common-place low-look- ing features and the leering smile on the man's face with anything that had happened there. " Mercy on me !" exclaimed the woman at her side, as the pair came towards the window. " Are they going to pat him in here ? Why he looks as if he wouldn't live to the journey's end " The old gentleman, who seemed deaf in addi- tion to his other infirmities, was hoisted into the carriage by his companion and the guard, and seated opposite Dolly. The exertion seemed quite too muoh for him, and he coaghed and gasped and wiped his faoe as though be were quite overcome " Surely you are going with him?" asked the woman of the young man. " Not I," was the contemptuous retort. I've had bother enough with him already." " What a way to speak of your father, young man !" " He's as deaf as a post, and thinks I'm secretly blessing him," he replied. " Blew you, he's no father of mine-he's my uncle. Uncle Soratchem and he's going to town on a visit; ain't you, old boy ?" ' Bat the old boy could not answer ; his cough was so bad that his nephew was obliged to get into the carriage and slap his baok till the tears ran down his aged cheeks. " All right, eh ?" he asked. " Yes, Benjamin," replied the old man in a quavering treble. " You're a little rough, but yon mean well. I'm better now." " Ah, I thought you were. Don't yon be hav- ing any more fits of that sort till you get to town. Yon might bast up, and frighten these ladies in- to fits too, and what a go tbat'ud be." Mr. Samuel Soratohem shook all over, as his nephew spoke, so violently that it seemed as if he were going into another paroxysm, and Dolly's companion protested to the guard against travel- ling with him. " It isn't safe to go with such a rattling old skeleton," she said indignantly. The guard looked at him curiously. " He'll go to Bleep, I should say," he said. " He'll die more likely." " Not he," struck in the young man who had brought him. " Don't you be frightened, ma'am. The old party'li be met in London all right. He won't worrit you-he'll go to sleep." CHAiiEEXxxvn. BACK IO GAHSFIELD GRANGE. The stately homes of England, Bow beautiful they stand 1 Amid their tail ancestral trees, O'er all our pleasant land. -Honans. The guard waa not at all favourably im- pressed by the appearanoe of Mr. Soratobem'a dutiful nephew, and he hustled him away from the window with scant ceremony. " Now, then, oome oat o' that," he said. " All right. Good-bye, uncle." «Good-bye, Benjamin, good-bye," coughed the old man, sliding forward on his seat, and only reoovering himself by a mighty effort. > " That's a very good young man," he said, as the train moved on. " Then bis looks belie him," grid, the mot'.-er of the ohildren, eyeing him with intense disgust; bat the old man did not seem to hear. He had fallen into a doze as the train moved on. Ger . tainly his nephew's face did not accord with his description of him, for it was a villainous and gaol-bird looking oountenaoae, with orafty", evil eyes. Mr. Soratchem was anythingbutapleasantcom panion, and the two travelling with him looked at bim with alarm, for he wheezed, and choked, and slipped down so often that he kept them in a perpetual state of terror, lest ha might have a sudden fit and die before they reached London More than once they had to have reoonrse to his nephew'B remedy of shaking and baok slappiog to bring back his breath, whioh seemed quito gone from a paroxysm of coughing. He seemed very grateful for their attention, and thanked them in his wheezy, croaking voice. " Thank you kindly," he said to the elder lady. " You are very good to a poor old man. Ah, your face reminds me of my wife. I have lost her, and I'm all alone now." " Poor old soul !" said the woman to Dolly sympathisingly. Dolly made no response-an undeflnable sus- picion of something wrong was creeping over her. She did not know what it wai Bhe feared, but she looked keenly at the old gentleman, wondering whether she had ever seen him be foro. She could not reoognise bim ; and oer tainly there could be nothing in that bent head and aged form to exoite her fears. It was not his voice, for all tone and oharaottr had gone out of it long agu; and- it was the shrillest and most piping treble she had ever heard. He maundered feebly on after the manner of senile old age. " And this pretty young lady, is she your daughter, ma'am ?" « No." " Ah, your Bister, perhaps ? She's young enough and pretty enough to be my' grand- daughter, or great-granddaughter, for the matter of that, bless her." " No ; she's no relation of mine," wa« the answer. " We've comer from Birmingham to- gether, that's, all. I'm surá I've been glad enough of her company. It's something to have a deoent lass like her beside you in a journey ; one never knows who one gets into a oarriage with now-a-days." "You're right, ma'am. That's very true; we never do know." Dolly started, and felt a oold shiver oreep over her as the old man spoke. There was some- thing in the voice that frightened her, she could not tell why. For a moment the feeble treble had vanished, and it had grown younger and stronger. He bad leaned baok, and seemed to be asleep, and again she studied his face, won- dering why she thought of Mrs. Lytham and Mons. Gnizot, and the impending trial, and all that was unpleasant and sad when she looked at him He wore a large wrapper, and was very muoh muffled up, but she could see hi« strag- gling white whiskers and the eyebrows, that were as snowy white as his hair. " I must be going ofazy," she said to herself. " The thing's impossible !'' But her uncomfortable thought, whatever it was, would not be driven away, and kept recur- ring till the train begab to whirl past outlying villages and suburbau villas, and she knew that her journey was coming to an end. Then right through and over street after street, till the big station was reached, and she felt singularly for- lorn and helpless in the whirl of life going on under its glass roof. Mr Scratohcm was duly met-by a grandson this time-a mau who might have been own brother to the youth Benjamin, who saw him off at Bletchley-who put his head in at the window, and saluted bim with " Hullo, old 'un, here you are ?" " Yes, James, I'm here," was the response ; " and I've had a very comfortable journey. These ladies have been very kind to me, Very kind." " Hope be didn't give you muoh trouble. Miss," Baid the man, leering in a most offensive way at Dolly. " Not at all, thank you." "Ah, that's right. Perhaps you wouldn't mind getting out first, ma'am. That's it, thank you." The woman got out-and shook hands with Dolly. " Good bye, my dear," she said. "I'm glad I met you ; it has made the journey very plea- sant to mo." " And so it has to me, Dolly said, starting as the touch of the hand offered to her. It was as cold as ice, aud the woman was very pale. " Are you ill ?" she asked. "No, my dear, no. I've bad a start just now. It's that old man." " Did he frighten you ?" " His spectacles fell off for a moment, and I saw his eyes. They reminded me of-but, then, I'm an old fool. He's gone, thank good- ness, and I must go too. Good-bye onoa mora, my dear." Another pressure of Dolly's hand, and she was gone, and the poor girl felt more alone than ever as she watched her, with a ohild on eaoh hand, go towards a cab. One thing she remarked, that she stood and watched the vehiole con- taining Mr. Scratchem and big grandson till it was oat of sight with the same startled, terrified look on her face that had flashed into it so suddenly just before. There was a good bit of fuss over the old gentleman and his belongings:, and the man who had met him oame baok two or three times for his parcels. Dolly'» attention was diverted from him by the appearanoe of a smart, sharp- looking girl, with mach oheap finery about her, who accosted her pertly. I "Arc you tho young person for Madam Georges from Birmingham ?" " Yes," Dolly replied, wondering very much at her sharp tongue, her impertinence, and her dress. " Then como along, for goodness sake. I've been perishing here I don't know how long. Where's your luggage ?" Dolly pointed out her trunk, and went to the carriage for the rest of her things. Her basket and umbrella were there, but not her box. In vain she searohed-it was gone. She called the nearest porter and told him of her los?, crying with despair and vexation as she did so. " Must bave been taken by soma of the passen- gers in a mistake," the man said. " No one's been anigh the door ginee yon got oat. I've been here ever since myself." Somehow Dolly's thonghts reverted at once to the old gentleman. She could not have told why, and she turned away despairingly. " Don't you ory," said the porter, sympathising with her distress. " It will turn up, see if it don't. Come with me ; I'll Bhow yon where to give notice about it, and what to do. You must leave your name and a description, and all that you know." Dolly followed him to the station-master's office, the servant accompanying them and grumbling audibly at the delay, and expressing no small measure of contempt for shiftless people that couldn't look after their own things. All they could do being done, they drove away in a cab, Dolly being too much overwhelmed by this new disaster even to look about her at the streets through which they passed, which were now in conreo of being lighted np for the evening. Madam Georges oame down from the work room to receive her in a long, forlorn- looking apartment, where she informed her the young ladies took their meals. She was a very smart and shrewish-looking person-s great contrast to Mrs. Lytham ; but her manner was kind. " I shall not require you tonight, Missa-a what is your name 7" she began. " Clarke, ma'am." "Oh, yes, Miss Clarke. Well, the yoting ladies have taken tea. The servant will make some for you." In about an hour a slovenly non desoript meal was brought np to her by the ser- vant, but her heart was too fall to eat. "You'd better go to bed," the girl said shortly. " I'll show you the way." She led her npBtairs to a long, low-roofed room, with rows of beds, very olose together. " This is where you're to sleep," the servant said, pointing to one near the door. " If you're wise, you'll take your sleep before the young ladies come up." " When will they come ?" " About twelve or one. I heard Madam pro- mise that they should stop work earl; to-night j they weren't in bed at all last night." "Not in bed!" " Bless you ! no. There's a many nights they ain't. I wouldn't be one on .'em, not if they'd orown me with diamonds I wouldn't." She flouuoed out of the room, and Dolly Bat down on the side of her bed to think. Early at twelve o'elook ! Never go to bed st all ! It was before the passing of the Aot, and milliners got as muoh oat of their workpeople as they possibly conld ; but there had nevet been Buob. deings at Mrs. Lytham's comfortable home. Dolly thought of her happinass there, and of her long evenings to herself, and of her clean little-room, such a contrast to this dismal, dirty looking chamber, where a heavy close1 smell told of bad ventilation and dirt as well, and hastily undressing herself, crept into bed and wept her- self to sleep. And there We must leave her for awhile, and turn to some other personages of our tale, some of whom flitted through1 her dreams that night, and with whom she was shortly to make nearer acquaintance. There had* been a great wedding from the par- sonage-bouse where Clare Carruthers waB gover- ness, and a new mistress reigned at Garsueld Grange. The servants, one and all, wero de- lighted with her. Much as they had loved Milly and respeoted her, somehow they could never look upon her quite as the mistress. She was the master's sister, not his wife, and there was bot the same household feeling about her sovereign tv. A few there were who opined that the new Mrs. Gower might be " stuck-up" with her fresh dignity, and give herself fresh airs, butthey found «hemselvesagreeably disappointed Clare was neither arrogant nor assuming, but just what a mistress should be She could not persuade ber husbund's sister to live with her. Milly was firm in her deter- mination to have a home of her own, and she retired with Miss Storr to a pretty villa in the suburbs of Canterburv. Percival at first tried hard to combat her deoision. He dcolared sbc wa« settling down into premature old maidism by thus establishing a house of ber own, and his wife added her entrcatios that she would stay at Garsfield ; but she would not yield " You know it is your home," Clare pleaded " Don't give it up because Percy has married me, or you'll have him repenting that rash step." " You know him better than that, Clare. See how long he waited for you, like Jacob for Rachel." " My dear, the waiting was mutual," Clare replied. " There was never any other man in the world for me. Had he never come baok I Bhould have lived jyid died Clare Carruthers for his sake." . ,,Á-' " I know it dear ; and becau-îo I know it, I want your happiness to be as unclouded as happi- ness can be on earth The presence of anyone, be they never so dear to both, is a mistako in the bouse of married people. You'll like me far better if we only meet Onco a week " " Onoe a week! Oh, Milly !" " Well, onoe a day, if you like, dear. Nay never look so troubled. Ask Peroy if I am not right " " I think she is," was Percy's answer to his wife's appeal. " And were she never so much in the wrong, you won't make her change her mind. I love ber very dearly, but I think ber plan is the best. We'll have her here in a year or two to play Aunt Alice in the old nur- sery up yonder." And Clare laughed and blushed, and said no more, and Milly had her will, and went to Can- terbury to live. They saw her nearly every day, for either Milly's ponies carne trotting up to Garsfield avenue, or the carriage from the Grange was threading the quiet, old-fashioned streets of Canterbury on its way to Barrowncss, as Milly had ohristened her pretty little home ; and by and-by she was back again at the Grange for awhile, for an heir was hoped for, and Clare's health was by no means what it ought to be. Cn-AFTEB XXXVIII. A CANNY SCOT. And I oft hare heard defended, Little said, is soonest mended. - If ¡thors. A very few weeks after Dolly had been con- signed to the care of Madam Georges, and had begun to find out how different her life was likely to be in her new home from what it had been in Birmingham, a man presented himself at Garsfield, and asked to see the Squire. He was a grizzled, middle-aged looking man, with a big beard, and bis dress and tongue be- spoke his northern origin. He had on a tweed suit, with short, serviceable, country-made boots, and a plaid arranged in the trne Scotch fashion. He carried a thick stick, and wore a Balmoral bonnet for head covering. His epeeoh was almost unintelligible to the southern ears of the servants at Garsfield. His manner was oivil, bat particularly independent -at least, so the somewhat supercilious footman thought that opened the door. " The master's nae in then ?" be said. ' " No." " I was wanting to see him." " Well, you can't. He's not hero." " Will he be lang or he's hame ?" " He'll be away two days." "Eh, but that's a wearisome time to wait. I hae travelled far to get speeoh wi' bim." The footman began to get a little curious. " You're not of this part of the country by your tongue," ho said insinuatingly. " Nae ; I'm from Aberdeen way, I am ; but your maiater kens me fine Just say to him that Andrew Menzies has been here wi' some- thing o' importance to say till him-something he'll nae be sorry to hear o'." " What name did you gay ?" " Menzies-Andrew Menzies. No that my name is a ony muoklo consequence. It's what I hao to say till him that's the thing." "I'll tell him." " Or gin Miss Gower were at hame, I might tell her, maybe." " Miss Gower does not live here. She's at Canterbury " " And that's nae far. I hao travelled further than that in my life. Jost tell me whaur sho bideB, and I'll win to her " The servant was boiling, over with curiosity now, and could restrain it no longer. " Hadn't you better leave a message, my good man ?" he said. " Come round to the side door, and have a glass of aid." " It's vary guid o' ye to bo sae civil," returned the Scotchman ; " and I'll tak a wee drap ale wi' yo, wi' muoklo pleasuro, for I'm sair drouthy ; bat as to having a message, I'm nae sae sure aboot that. You see I'm no very oertain that I oould leave ony word for Mr. Gower that he would understand. I maun hae speech wi' hitn sel, and then it will be a' rieht " But the footman by no means despaired of getting something oat of the stranger by means of pumping ; and ho took him round to the servants' hall, and regaled him with bread and cheese and ale. Mr. Menzies was very commu- nicative on the subject of " the wife" and " the bairns," of whom he said he had five ; and of his position and prospects generally ; but not one word could any of them extraot from him about his business with the Squire, nor the faintest indication of what he wanted to say to him. They were fain to let him go, after giving him Mildred's address, which he we wrote down with muoh precision, and placed in an old fashioned pocketrbook, with a leather tongue, which he incidentally remarked bad belonged to his " feyther." He walked leisurely away from the boase, and through the park, with a heavy footed tread of a man aocustomed to oountry roads and heavy walking, till ho was fairly out of sight of tho windows. When he sab down under a tree, and wiped his face with the ex- hausted air of a man who had been working hard for hours. " Curse their prying curiosity," he muttered, and he spoke unmistakably English now. "A day at the threadmill would have boen easier to do than to answer their questioning I was a fool not to make sure that ho was there bo fore I went to the house. I'll try Canterbury and Miss Gower, for I must be off. England's getting rather too warm to be pleasant for me. I ought to mako a good thing out of it." His firm, plodding gait seemed to have disap- peared with his Scotch tongue; and be walked briskly, and with a firm, springy step, on the road towards Canterbury, to oall on Mildred Gower. Percival Gower and his wife returned home at the time the servant had mentioned to Mr. Andrew Menzies. They had been paying some visits in the neighbourhood, and were about to entertain some friends in their own house. They reaohed Ganfield about an hour before the dinner hour, and the Squire's valet pre- sented him with the letter bag. " Your orders were not tosend this morning's letters on, sir," he said. " Quite right, Burroughs ; never nind them now. I'll read them after dinner. After dinner, Percival sat with his wife in her pretty little room. He was not addicted to the bottle, and now that her health was delicate, whenever they were alone he left the table with her, and they forsook the large drawing room for her cosy little boudoir, and enjoyed them- selves at their ease. Percival stretched his legs before the comfortable firo in a thoroughly lazy mood, and began to nod. " Don't go to sleep, PeToy," Clare said. "Whynot?" " Satisfy my ouriosity, at any rate. What's in the bag." " I declare I forgot it," ha said, touobing the bell, and ordering the servant to bring it in. "Here's a budget for you, Clare," he said. " Answers to the invitations, I suppose. And not a bad share at all for me. Ah, Barrowness, South Australia! Dear old fellow 1 this is worth them all, I know. Ill leave it till the last for u bonne louche and wade through all these business-like documents. ' Mewn. Box« gess and Co., Mercury Lane, Canterbury.' Oh, j that's about the right of way through the bram-! bles and stinging nettles at the bottom of the j park. That will keep." "Mr. and Mrs Chetwynds can't come," Clare! struck in,locking up from her heap of letters i "Miss Chetwynd's intended, the young curate1 is dangerously ill, and she is going to seeihim ; and Lady Marie Tomplehuratsays that-: Why ' Percy, you're not listening to me a bit. What ' is the matter-have you any bad news ?" . " No, dear. I beg your pardon ; I was ab-1 sorbed in this most astonishing communication." " What is it ? Any secret ?" ! " No. I think it is something about my lost ' sister, Daisie." i " About 7ier .'" ¡ " So it seemB. I can Hardly make out-it is ! anonymous ; but you can read it for yourself " ! Mrs. Gower took the letter, which was written ] in a clear round hand, like that of a copying i clerk, on blue official-looking paper. ! " The writer of this note much desires to see Mr- ( Gower ou business of the utmost importance. He bees the favour of an interview, and will do himself the honor of calling at Garsfield, to-morrow, Friday, between the hours of two and four o'cloct. The writer is in a position to give Mr. Gower some valu- able family information, if Mr. G. will agree to the terms proposed by him. He, anti he alone, holds the proofs required to verify his words, and he asserts that at once, and for a consideration, be will clear up, beyond a doubt, the mystery that has hung for years round the fate of a member of Sir. Gowers family." " What shall you do, Percy ?" Mrs Gower asked when she had read the carious epistle. " Wait till the writer comes, and see him," was the answer. " I don't believe what he says, of oourse. Anybody possessed of any such proofs as ho speaks of would have oome forward long ago, when there was money to be made by it, and large rewards were offered. I fancy wo shall find it an attempt to extort money, and nothing else. Whoever it is has been here while we were away, I expeot," He rang the bell as he spoke, and a servaut appeared. " Has anyone called while we were away that you have not mentioned to me ?" " I think not sir," replied the man, and theo, suddenly recollecting, be added, " Unless it was the Scotchman, sir ; and I think I mentioned him." " What Scotchman ? I never heard anything about him." " Called on Monday, sir. Said he would come again when yon were at home. Said bis name was Andrew Menzies, and be came from Aberdeen. We could hardly understand him -his talk was bo strange." " I daresay not. Did he leave any message ?" " No sir." " And you don't know what he wanted ?" " No sir." " Did he look like a man who could write a business letter ? Such a one as this, for instanoe ?" " I should think he might, sir. He talked very oddly, but he didn't seem an ignorant man exactly." " What sort of a man was he ?" " Oldish, sir. With gray hair and whiskers, and wore a Scotch bonnet and scarf. We couldn't find out what he wanted, only that he must see you. " "Very well ; let me know when he comes again. I'll see bim." Jk 5er7 800^' B'r-" " vVChat's very odd," said Clare, as tho man left the room. " There seems to be two mysteri- ous people." " And both impostors, I daresay. Any way, to-morrow will show." And Peroival Gower fell into a reverie, for- getful even of tho letter from the Antipodes, which lay under his hand, so absorbed was he in thinking of the past-of his sister Daisic, and ber unknown fate The rattle of wheels in the avenue roused him presently. " Whoever can that be at this time of night ?" exclaimed Clare, as the door bell rang loudly " I did hope wc were going to bava a quiet evening " " It is late for visitors, " her husband said. " It must be some one on business " " Oh, do put them off, if it is. No one ought to come on business after dinner." " I'll see, dear. Perhaps it's nothing." He went to the door, but it was opened by the footman, who announced, " Miss Gower." \" Milly !" exclaimed Clare, starting up and shdwering a whole lapful of polite notés on the hearth rug. " At this time of night ! What- ever eau have happened ?" " Can Miss Storr be ill ?" said Percival. " No ; she would have sent, not come, if it had been that. Here she comes looking as pale as a ghost, and as cold as a snowball. Have you been driving too fast, Milly; or have those wicked ponies been too much for you ?" " Neither, dear," responded Milly removing her wraps. " Moth and Mustard-seed carne along in the most respectable manner, liko a pair of discreet fairies, as they are Wo carno along quite reasonably, I oan assure you." " That's more than you often do," said her brother, drawing her into an easy chair. " I've seen wonderful feats of driving on your part But what bas brought you here now-has any- thing happened ?" " No ; nothing has happened ; but I've some- thing to tell you. I thought it so strange, that I could not rest till I had seen you, so you must tako me in and give me a bed-that is, unless you would like to turn out, and escort me back again to Canterbury to-night." " That he shan't," sad Clare, ringing the bell, and giving the necessary orders. " We're glad to have you, no matter what brings you Where's Miss Storr?" " She's got the toothache, dear old thing. She's going to bed with ber head tied up in a flannel bag. I didn't tell her what I was coming about. She'd have been frightened out of her wits." " Frightened !" "Well, hardly that, perhaps. Flurried is more the word. What do you think I have heard to-day ?" ".Have a glass of wine before you talk," said her brother. " You look quito white. Have you dined?" "T tried; but I was too eager to get away. I couldn't eat anything beyond a biscuit, so don't order it " The colour came back to hor cheekB after a glass of wine, and she drew her chair to the fire, and prepared to tell her news. " You'll think I'm crazy, or dreaming, I dare- say," she said ; " when I tell you what it is about. But, somehow, I fancy it's true. I've heard something about Daisie." " Daisie !" " I thought you would be astonished." " I am ; the more so, perhaps, that her name was on our lips almost as you came in. Look at that." " It scorns to point to her, does it not ?" said Poroival Gower, as Mildred perused the letter he handed to her. " It does ; but-" " But, what ?" I " It seems as though two people must be pos- | sessed of information concerning her. I don't believe the man who called on me wrote that ' note." " What was he like ?" " A decent looking man enough ; elderly, and speaking such broad Scotch that I could scarcely understand what ho was talking about." " That's the man who came here, asking for me mo. When did you see him ?" "To-day. It seems he called on Tuesday morning, but I was out. I was just going in this afternoon when I met him at the gate. He must have known me, for he spoke to me at once, and called me by my name. He was perfectly olear on one point-viz, that he had certain proofs of what had become of Daisie." " What else did he say ?" " Not muoh, except that he would call on me again." " Ah, when he has got all he can oat of me. I fanoy we shall find that, if this Scotchman did not write tbe letter himself, he knows who did, and all about it. My correspondent is to be here to-morrow. You had better stay here till then, Milly, and see what comes of it. I'll send over to Miss Morrison in the morning, and tell her not to expeot you. I'm afraid it will all turn out a piece of imposture from beginning to end." " I hope not." " So do I. I would give a good deal for some certain information ; but so many years have gone by that I dare not hope for anything de- finite now." Chapter XXXIX. A BARGAIN. Turning for them who pass the common dust Of servile opportunity to gold. -Wordsworth. The hours seemed long on the following day while they were waiting the advent of their mysterious correspondent. Percival Gower gave his sister Edgar Gwynne's letter from his Aus- tralian home, .and they bad rejoiced together at the oheerful strain in whian be wrote of Mb brightening prospects. A tide oí varying 1 emotions of whioh her brother knew nothing abased the colour from Mildred's cheek, as she read the latest news of the man who was on '. exile from home and friends for love of their lost ' DaÍBÍe. " He's a splendid fellow, Milly," Percival I said. " His devotion to me deserves my life- < long gratitude. I should have died out io i that dreary wilderness but for him. There's a ¡ special message to you, little woman. Listen to ' this " Tell Mildred, with my dearest love, that I think of fier even more than of you. Everything round ' me seems fo speak of her, ; and bel! handy work is ap- > parent in so many things in the house you have given me, that I fancy sometimes 1 can see her flitting about here in propnn persona I wish 1 could see her, or any of you just for a few bright, happy momenta.. It seems to be au I want to make my life perfect in , every way." "There, what do you think of that, Miss Gower ? ' Percival said, laughing. " I declare it is just as though be was falling in love with you from hearsay. I wish he'd out Barrotfness, and come home and live with us. Ho might marry you then, Milly." Milly made no answer, and her brother little guessed how the words thus lightly spoken had thrilled through his sister's heart. She got possession of tho letter, and read and re-read it, and wetted it with many loving tears #in_ the solitude of her own room, ber heart aching with passionate longing to see the writer that no one but herself suspected. If Edgar Gwynne, in the solitude of Barrowness, oould have known what was passing in that faithful heart, his plans for the future might have been somewhat altered. Three o'clock on the day appointed came, and thero was no sign of the visitor. "I don't believe your anonymous friend is coming,-" Mrs. Gower said, as the clock struck "I think he will," returned ber husband. " He means to make money out of his communi- cation, whatever it is. I hope ho will. I mean to olear up the mystery, if possible." About half-past three the footman appeared,' and announced that his master was wau ted. " Who is it ?" asked Mr. Gower. " The Scotchmau who carne the other day, sir." " What does he want?" " I don't know, sir ; but-" " But what ? ' " I was to speak to you alone if you please, sir." Mr Gower grew noarer to the door, and the man said, in a low tone " I was to tell you, sir, that the writer of the letter was waiting to see you." " Ah, I thought so. Where is th» man ?" "In the hall, sir." *' _ " Then take him to the library, and let no one come there till I ring." " To the library, sir ?" " Yes ; what are you waiting for ?" f\I don't know how to tell you, sir; but I I think-we all think that saw him that he's not a safe man." " Not Safe ! What on earth do you mean ?" " I think he's in disguise, sin It's a wig be wears-his own hair's quite dark underneath it, and-" " And you've been reading romances in the servants' hall, I fanoy,' ' said his master with a laugh. "Nonsense, my good fellow. I'm afraid you're a bit of a coward. Take the man where I told you. I'm not afraid of him. I can take care of myself." The sirrvant looked as though he would very mnoh like to have said more, but he dared not ; and he left the room with a wistful look that alarmed Clare and Mildred, and when the door was closed they began to expostulate with Per- cival. " Don't go," Clare said in terror. Pray don't, Percy." " Why not ?" " Let some one go with you You board what the servants have 60en." " My dear girl, a man may wear half a dozen wigs one on the top of the other, and yet be an honest man. I think I may venture to enter the library alone. Besides, he has asked that mach of me, and in common courtesy I must accede to his wish, till I see some reason for the pre- sence of a third party." " But, Percy-" ("There's no ' but' about it, my love ; and as to toe servants' fancies, no one wonld come to a house alone in broad daylight to do any harm to its master, unless there were some powerful motive, and no one has any motive to harm me I have not an enemy in the world, thank Heaven " "It is all so strange. I can't help feeling afraid." "It is strange; and for that very reason I mean to get to the bottom of it. I will at any rate hear what this mysterious person has to say -though I Buspeot he knows really nothing, after all, if he be actually an impostor. It is just possible he may not bo. Why, Milly, you look quite pale S urely you are not afraid, too." " No ; it is the thought of what this man may have to say that makes me feel cold and sick. Information comes from strange sourocs some- times. Remember Daisie's bracelet, and how I found it." " That came in a strange way, anyhow. Per- haps this is the comrade that crazy fellow talked about?" " I don't think so," Milly replied meditatively. " The man who came to mc wasn't a sailor." " Ah, you don't know-scamps bave all sorts of disguises. People who mix themselves up in mysterious affairs have generally plenty of expe- dients-this elderly Scotchman may be a sailor got up for some purposo of his own. Keep your curiosity in check till I come back. Til go and find out who and what he is, if possible." At the door of the library he found the foot man, who rose up from a keyhole inspection of the room, with a very red face and an expres- sion of great confusion. " So you were mounting guard, were you," he said, with a smile, as the man slunk away abashed; and he entered the library, to find himself cunfronted by a man of gentlemanly ad dresB and manner, and certainly not to be called elderly. He wore a tweed suit, but not eoarscr in material, not more outre in make and appear- ance than anyone might wear for travelling or in ordinary life, and his linen was fine and spotless His hair was oat very short, and he had a slight moustache; both very dark, and with no appearance of gray about either. Ho did not look in tbe least like the middle-aged Scotchman his sister and the footman had de- soí ibsd. Percival Gower looked at his visitor in be- wildered astonishment. " I beg pardon," he bogan . " I think there is some mistako My servants--" " Have- made no blunder, I dare swear. I make no doubt that my message was carefully delivered." " Then you areHhe writer of the note I re- ceived yesterday ?" "lam." Percival Gower looked at the stranger again -a strange, uneasy feeling he eould not define was oreeping over hin. He had seen the man's faoc and heard his voice somewhere, but he could not tell where. Besides, what had be oomo of the Scotchman ? His visitor's face was partially hidden in the shadow of a curtain perhaps purposely ; at any rate he did not sec it very distinctly. " You did not send me yonr name," he said " Will you tell me to whom I have the honour of speaking ?" " By-and-bye," tho man replied. " I see you are puzzled, Mr. Gower ; but yon shall see that I have a right to speak." Ho took a small parcel from his pocket as he spoke, and opened it. " Do yon know this ring ?" be ssked. " Take it in your hand, and handle it. It is perhaps the least important of the many proofs of my sincerity I have in my possession. It belonged to the sister you have lost for so long, I think." "It did." Percival Gower stared at the familiar objeot in wondering amazement. It was in very deed Daisie's ring-one he himself had given to her on her ill-starred marriage. " How did you oome by this, and' who are you ?" he asked. "If we can oome to terms you 8ball know everything I am prepared to tell}ou what be- came of your sister and her ohild. As to who I am, I am the Scotchman who called here on Monday ; ana on miss wower me aay arter. ' " I imagined as muoh." " My disguise was easy to get rid of. My plaid and bonnet lie behind that easy chair, my wig and whiskers are in my pocket. I am under a oloud, Mr. Gower; and if you will bay the information I have to sell, it will help to clear the sky for me. I thought it better to deal with you in my true character, and pre- sent myself to you, at least, as a gentleman." A light broke into Mr. Grower's mind while the man was speaking, and he echoed the word contemptuously. "Gentleman 1" ha »aid. Since when? I know you now-you are Biohard Jones, my father's valet ! ' " Your memory is good! Mr. Gower." "It would be strange if.I did not remember you. You oame to my father when I was.a boy -in a false name. Yon robbed ne of everything yon could lay hands on, and only left Ganfield te take your trial for the most impudent robbery of all." " And was acquitted, sir. Don't forget that." "But you were none the less guilty. Wilfred Lytham (jon see I know your real name), yon are playing a dangerous game. One of tay friends recognised you once in Birmingham be- fore you made the little mistake that keeps yon in hiding just now. Suppose I ring the bell, and order in my servants. It would be a good action to give you up to the justice you so richly deserve." " You won't do it, Mr. Gowor." > "Why not r " For two reasons." " Give me one good one." Wilfred Lytham's face was very pale--he was indeed playing for a desperate stake, but he managed to preserve his ooolnees of manner and speech. " For one reason," he said. " I never go un- prepared for oontingenoies. If you tried to give me up I think it is very probable one of us would suffor. I should either shoot you, and come to the gallows for the murder of the master of Garsfield Grange ; or I might take a fanoy to make one short cut. into the next world myself, in preference to bring taken. I would not stand my trial-be sure of that," He pulled a tiny pistol from his pookét as he spoke-a littlo thing, scaroo bigger than a toy, but yet deadly enough for his purpose. " It carries both our lives," he said coolly, but Percival Gower only smiled. " Put it up," he said, looking at it. " If I re- member you rightly, Mr. Lytham, or whatever your name may be, you are too great a coward to attempt either my life or your own. Now, what is yonr othor reason for supposing I shall not give you np to the fate you so tiobly deserve." " A suffiaient one, as I believe-if yon do that, no one will ever know what I haver to tell. The only evidences of your sister Daisie's fate, and of the existence of her child, are is my pos- session. They are hidden io a safe place, known only to myself. I have a letter in my pocket which contains an authentic aooount of how the child was found, where, and by whom. The man is dead who wrote it ; so is his wife, and no one in the world but myself o&n; join to- gether the chain of evidence of whioh I hold the links." " What do you expeot me to pay for this ?" " I want a thousand pounds." "A what?" " A thousand pounds, Mr. Gower." " Do yon think I will pay such a sum for in- formation that may not be worth a thousand farthings ?" " I think you will pay it when you know what I have to tell yon. You shall see for your- self that I have not oome here to sell you a i worthless commodity. I know you to be a gen- tleman, and a man of honour, Mr. Gower, or I should have kept away." Percival Gower hesitated before -he.replied. He had often said he would give a thousand pounds to know what had beoome of Daisie ; and unless this man lied the knowledge was within \ his grasp It was his duty, of oourse, to deliver him up to justice as a forger and a swindler ; but, as often happens, duty olasbed With inter- est and made him pauso. If he did give bim up, he gave up with him all ehanoe of recover- ing his lost- sister's obild, and tho evidences of what had become of herself. " I can hardly believe you," he said, facing Wilfrid Lytham. " Your story seems too im-, probable." " You may," he replied curtly, seeing the straggle that was going on in Peroival's mind.1 '. I swear to you that what I say is true. I have seeu your niece many times > not long Binoe I travelled a long distance in her company ; her likeness to both your sisters would establish her identity at once to you if you were to see her. I can give you the names and addresseB of all tho persons who know her history, and can verify the facts of it, and I can place in your hands all the artioles, whioh have been most carefully preserved, as evidences of who she is, and of her finding." " And suppose I consent to your preposterous claim, and pay what you demand- what then ?" " You shall never Bee me again. I will leave England at onoe, and for ever. No one will know of my visit to you, unless yon betray me ; and I don't think yon will do that, Mr. Gower." I "Not when I have given my word. Look here, Wilfred Lytham, I know you to be as great a Bcamp as ever breathed, but it seems to me that you are speaking the truth this time. I will give you five hundred pounds for your information half now,and half when I havefound and claimed my niece, if you succeed in proving to me that , she really lives. Will you agree to this ? Yoar secret is valueless to any one else; you have no other market for your waTes, and they have cost you nothing to acquire them." " You are hard on me, Mr. Gower. The seoret is worth a thousand pounds to you." " The secret, as a secret, is worth absolutely nothing. You oannot trade on it. Thore is no family honour at stake ; nothing that all the world may not know. I have no doubt that were I to give you into oustody, it would come out somehow ; but I will not do that. I will give you five hundred pounds in the way I have said. Will you take it ?" " Half now, and half when you have found the young lady, and brought her home ? " " Yes." " I Bball get it, I know, for she is safe and well-not among any friends of mine. I can assure you she is intensely respeotable. I'll take yonr offer, sir. You leave me no alterna- tive." (To be continued.) 