? STANLFY BEADING BOOM (Fromour own Correspondent.) Oil Thursday, 7th instant, one of the most successful entertainments that ever took place here was given in the hall of the Stanley Beading Room, in the shape of a, charade operetta, expressly written by one of the residents of Stanley. The drosses of the various performers and the scenery deserve every commendation for the manner in which tliey were got up. The music and singing required during the performance were exceedingly well rendered, to the delight of a very attentive and crowded house. The entertainment has given such general satisfaction that I am informed the Committee of the Beading Boom have been solicited to allow of its being again performed A slight sketch is annexed of the outline of the charade :— THE MAGIC MIKROK. Charade Operetta in five acts, word of four syllables. Act 1. First syllable—" Disc." Scene—The Wizard's Chamber, with skeletons, bats, reptiles, etc., and arecess in centre, with a shrine in front of it with candles and flowers. Incantation. Wizard summons the King of the Goblins, who rises slowly out of dark recess. Wizard asks for the magic mirror, which has the property of reflecting whatever its fortunate possessor wishes to behold, and which is described in the colloquy that ensues as a simple disc of •polished steel. Goblin King demands as his price the Wizard's daughter Laura, but as this can not be arranged without her consent she is summoned. She rejects the Goblin King with horror, and says that her heart is Otto's only; but being persuaded to look into the mirror she becomes first in- terested, then absorbed by the splendors it reveals of the Goblin palace and herself as Queen, and advances slowly,fascinated, of her own accord, till she passes the brazier of incense, when the fumes overpower her, and she sinks fainting into the Goblin King's arms, who hands the mirror to the Wizard, and disappears slowly with the lady senseless in liis arms. Wizard advances to front with mirror, »nd sings a song of triumph. Act 2. Second syllable—" On." Scene—The Haunted Forest. Enter Otto (Laura's lover), looking for her. Fairy £» Dpears, tells him where she is gone, but that he can rescue her if he is faithful and brave ; shows him the dangers he will have to face, and leaves him. Otto piisses through the forest, and encounters successively a vampire, two ghosts, six goblins, a demon, and a giant, who try to scare him back from his quest, but he scorns to retreat. "On is my motto, forward lies my track." He vanquishes all his foes, and ends by killing the giant and cutting oft' his head. He passes on in safety after caeli encounter. Act 3. Third syllable— " So." Wizard's chamber again. Wizard consults his mirror to see how things are getting on ; summons a familiar spirit to read the glass for him. " What is Laura about ?" he asks. " She is doing so," replies the familiar, and weeps and mopes. Similarly he finds out that though confined in the Goblin's palace, she still rejects his addresses and that Otto is passing safely through all dangers to release her. In short that all is going wrong for him, the familiar explaining everything by mimicry, "he is doing so," or thus, " or going on in this way." Finally, Wizard dismisses him in fury, snatches up a sword and rushes out in pursuit of Otto. Act 4. Fourth syllable—"Late." I 'A scene of pursuit: first, Otto asleep in the drowsy glade, but wakened and warned by fairy, and goes on. Wizard enters the glade just after he has left, " too late." Otto enters again and is tempted by a dwarf with treasure, but spurns it and passes on. Wizard enters again in hot pursuit, tumbles against the dwarf, stabs him, thinking he is Otto, finds out his mistake, and that lie is too late again. Sees Otto in the distance entering the enchanted grounds, where he is safe .altogether. Further pursuit hopeless. Too late, altogether, liorn suunds —thunder and lightning—Wizard falls dead. Act 5. Whole word. Disconsolate. •Scene—The Enchanted Castle. Laura royally arrayed, but utterly miserable. Goblin King enters and tries all his arts to gain her consent to be his bride, but she remains obdurate and disconsolate. Tells her that Otto is trying to release her, but the feat is impossible. So long as his royal arms gleam on his throne, he s safe. At that moment horn sounds, nd the arms fall with a crash. Enter Otto, followed by fairy at one side, goblins at the other. Otto and| Laura fly ogetlier. The goblins at the fairy's oaimand tear th eir King's crown from his head and he kneels down and hides his face. Tableau. Duet between fairy and goblin explaining that he is now the disconsolate one. Curtain slowly descends. 