TOWN TALI, Dr. Vtrnghm't O'Oonaell oration was, ef coarse, very eloquent, flowery enough fa parts for a geniine produce of the Green Isle, and lit ttuonghimt with the true spirit, of the great Deliverer himself— hatred of tyranny and wrong, and broa'1 brave sympathy with justice and right and all the best interests ef man. If eccsisionaUy it suggested a review article rather than aa oration, the lamp rather than the rushing inspiration of . the anement, that was aa more than might have been expected, seeing that Dr. Vanghan is not a ceuntrvmaa. of the great Irishman, nd most necceBarily have punped «p from other than purely patrletic sources dnichof tke enthusiasm he so 'admirably assumed. It must have kave been difficult in Buoh a case as this for an alien in race, thoaghaot in religltai, to appear quite aatoral, especially when, in doing justioe to his here's country, it was impossible to avoid throwing; a chadew ever tke. fair fame of his own. Bat, at Dr. Ttnghta well pointed out, there is a truer patriotism task aere love-bliadaess to one's conntrys fault»jor«rimes. True patriotism, he eloijnently detlered, mesas ft ' stern antagonism against all that lessees one's country's reputation — a voice ready at all times te cob* damn oonduot unworthy of her fair fame aad pmfclioly brand with eternal infamy, if , necessary, aa a warning to others, base and heartless persecutiea of their fellow-men.' In that sense, no doukt, Dr. Yaueh&n;'e voloe was patriotic enough, frem an English as well ut em Irish point ef view. Ti in this oa.it, chasttseanent lacans love, Or. Vaughau must be set dewa as a very leyal, laving Englishman It Aeei Bat we ceaf«ss as Bocu^taBen we should kave liked him setter, U u en «dveo»to for Ireland he had snaile aeneraat sparer ase of toe, trite trick -of which, »r Ac way.kis ktre was a natter) efaknsliif ike etker site, b there Bothing to b»-a»ld «n Uut side! Bad O'Oeaaeu bo English rrlsBds ..a«A... helpers la. Us great frerk as tnuoh ef Irish regeaeratioa frem witkia aa: -of Irish ettanolpiiflon. - .frem withautl Was all yielded io f«ar and nothing to a sense af jastioe cad right— that very spirit which Dr. Vaughan ektoUt M the ealy true patriotism? Surely ' King Don'a' triumph was' wide' and splendid enough withoot drag ging once more at his chariot wheels tke fallen rival ?evereignB, Kiae Arthur aad Ktag Qeerffe. Iks 'peat laureate,' we are afraid, in the veapositioa ef his cantata, mast have had a hard time ef it. Hit mnse we fear, is anything bat a willing one, as celd as classio, strictly eerreot, anal even digolied so doabt, but by no means t» be won te anything like true lyreical tenderness, even on such * theme as the wrengs tf fair Erin. Of cenna it mast be said that poetry written te order by poets Ia«rea.te sias f tnarally, at ?ottry, been very peer stu£ ; end ce, no doukt, it hap_ pent that Br. Badham kaa fi vea as ia verse a varj ele'. qaeat aad sohelarly readerliii ef the wrengs aad re tltmptloa ef Ireland, whleh, fer every purnese, except Slgnor Olerza's, might just at w«ll have keen in prose, Che Best ef it, te oar thinking, is the bo»e of the exile —'His heart is aot te Freedom true, &c;,' with its really grand, STgun- rolliatT conclusion, Swell loai tke diapason ef our right, For Jastict pMllng from ten tkenssnd tenguea, Ca si a trumpet ;of toe litrt of Hosts [ Ths strangbslds of tbe proud without a thrust Fall list aefore It, wkile the dust kTounta trass the crumbled tower like their departing ghosts. That last simile is new, sa far as we'are aware, if net very happy. That the ' strongholds ef the proud'' should share the fate of Jeriahe must rejoice every true lover of liberty, but wktra were their 'de- parting gheats' i£OD«nso to ? If at turfy to heaves, vet where else are ' departing ghosts'— 'Mount, mount my soul, Im.' in the habit of mounting ? 