. , AN ITALIAN TRAGEDY:, The. fatal issue o! a duel botween two''persons well-known in Italy hasi (snys Qalignani) for some :dftys past engrossed all conversation ut Borne. The son of M. Mnncini, a former Minister, and the greatest lawyer in tlie country, is a contain of Bersaglieri in garrison at Milan, whore lie resided with his wife, who, ns Siguoru Cqtterpiolj, Imd obtained sonic success with her poumsi Cfipt. Muncini, having had his susjii cions aroused, at last obtained positive proof of her improper intimacy' with one of his friends, M. Eennti de Baylon, a young man of good family. A hostile 'meeting with pistols was the consequence, and the latter was shot in 'the i breast,-and died a few days after at the ago of 29\. As to the wife, the husband merely sent j her to her family.: {Subsequently, nt the funeral of the deceased, the attendance was remarked of u woman, dressed in black, and appearing deeply moved. After tho grave had been closed, she proceeded to a stone cross, before which she knelt, and, drawing from her pocket a bottle of sulphuria acid, swallowed it at a draught, and fell inanimate, It was the guilty' woman's fcmmc dc chambrc, whose disclosures had led to tho young man's death. Iler remorse led her to attempt suicide, and lier recovery is despaired of. A startling rumor is in circulation, attributing to tliQ proprietors of the Times the intention of publishing that journal simultaneously in tho chief cities of the kingdom. This if to he accomplished by the use of composing machines, which will be actuated by electricity' from tho chief, machinein London, so that the typo will bo eet lip ejimiltuncouBly nt all tho stations. There is nothing inoredible in the broad statement, but there nro such.-: a vast number of small difficulties to be . overcome that those who know most of the business are the least credul ous, As it is, the London papers are proour- ; able in towns two hundred miles from London before ten o'olook in the forenoon. There seems, however, to be an. impression that the Times > must do something to maintain its prestige/ and . it is out of this eonviotion that the rumour has no doubt sprung, The improvements in the collection and dissemination of news are alarm ingly levelling in their tendency; ' n A most peculiar accident happened to a blind man," the Geelong Advertiser states, " on Wednesday evening, about half-past 6 a team of bullocks was being d'iven along Rytle strcet without a waggon behind them, when a blind man, who was crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra-street, and feeling his way with a long stick, oame into contact with them, falling across thd ohnin between the coatre paira, -The bullockB, startled with Uniting a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the -front ones kicking out at the un« foi tunate fellow lie clung tenaciously to tho the chain, nud the two behind seemed Inclined to let him (eel their horns. Tho r> st of the team being alarmed at the commotion also took fright, the whole of them rushing up Ynvra- street, dragging the blind man along with them; who apparently was receiving blow after blow ironr the excited quadrupeds' heels. When opposite the Wesleyan Parsonage the driver, after using his utmost endeavours, succeeded in bringing the bullocks to a stands! ill, ana the blind man was jerked off.the chain and thrown in a heap on tne footpath. Strange to say he did not appear to be any way hurt oi> disconcerted at 1m unpreconcerted escape, his only anxiety being tuat he would not loose his stick, His clothes, however, were considerably torn through belnn dragged along the ground.' The following' story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek Wetcst "About 18 months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and. I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood oi an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time t e ceremony was fierformed the gentleman in question attracted ust that small amount of notice usually ac corded by the world to one who sometimes ran afford threepenny-worth of beev for his Sunday 's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few mends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I t>tato the wife (a stranger here-. abouts) ,was as poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared, Hard work in another colony was to ijie co iple tho only reward that seemed likely to mavk the fulfilment ot a long and affectionate engage ment. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought. In April last th . husband was . wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm ot solicitors, who tlien placed him in possession of some river-side property in Lon don, the rent-roll of which means a littleovcr £18,000 annually. He had kin, butsoiarre moved as to le quite unknown to him, The mall which reached Sydney last told of further favours In store for tne fortun te couple, The wife had succeeded, not ton title, but to what is better, £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts, and as evon ts have proved-Holies she had not the ghost of aii idea." The President of,the Legislative Council of Queensland has given notice oi the following motion!-" That'a certain percentage of the large sum now expended annually oti tho educa tion of the people wight beneficially bfe devoted to providing for the physical training and improve ment of the vising generation. That, under this view, 1 per on tho total sum expended should in each year be set aside for* prises in athletic sports, to be held in each of the large towns in the colony; that. In every second ytar, provision should be made for a grand tournament meeting, to be held in the metropolis, at which scholars from all public schools could compete with each other, ana in some cases with strange: s, in athlo:ic spo: ts, rifle shooting, and boat racing." 