.~ ~NT~NIf CENTUJRY i:~~,!::.! ··· ;oflAPTEntv. 'ii NE~xT . morsnti g, froi~ m a f'ev~ish dream' in "iwbishl old lilyddelton wis murdering Mr. fl KTCeith end s~he and Gtabriel--jest ce he .iussght have wmalkred out' of the picture at A, bbotem'oor-stood lookiing on,' Honor wmas irornied by the clanging ~of the shrill: bell hxohwb~~ wee went· at eight o'clockr am. 'to sumhimon the occupants of ithe 'Larohes ·to hecak ng:their -facEt upono t~h'e sternly simnple v, iendewb:~ich M:Bice :Haughton i: ingen~uity' i-nud economyJ had sug~gested; i!,."Iateeagein," romarkred 'tha~t lady, ae :,Henor enttred 'the' brealcfast-ro~om half an· .;hsburacfterwiirds, sweet and fr~esh as a sum · meir·rose: on whichi the dew droaps sparkrle, ei.nd with: that lear light within her eyes w.fhichi could· not have shone there of the soul ,,isthind bad notl been free fromi taint 'of vgnity~or selfiehuesos ~ 'M: ~:lr.Haughton half roee from his· seat' as a H~onor came:up ·to the table 'but wmith a sudden change of purpose he drew his cahaii· r,, 01ilser~ an'd began to cdaive the cold meat pie :,be~orebiim. i::;··-· , i;His sister ia tall,: sevcre lookin'g lady of an unn~acertain: age, ;passed by the ~girls8 bright I, ,,reod~m rising,"' and 'poured ~out her tea~ ,;iwithca- rigid displeasure: siamping :evci'y. *'feattire.· Jan'e Haughton was certain'l~s not a: ,pe of ;thesewmh~ose presednce· at anyr time ,makes sunshine in:' a house. I Hers had, en: :, the contmrar 'rther-·the· effect of February sr!,leet lor, aN:ovember ~fog; ' buit irs the early me!r~onbu3 this was pectiaharlyithe case. "A~~;!!&eal; wet blanht," 'H!Ionor thought, as ,,s(he~took hercnpj'~;rom Jane e hand, "would , have a far ;cheerier aud :moi~e'c~omforting:j i!8fect! -: I ···· ' ''!i i S;irConversation ant :the~ La~rehes wmaa never v ·~ery :warm arnd general, especially at~breaki 4aIfet, ·bieteertainly thiis morning, dti on'massy another morning, H~onor: tried ·her best· to \--make it ·so. She chatted of her visit last ,~'n:ight,'. isd ·descr~ibed the dindner to Jane, tauileaterted :by that lady is stoniness of aspect. ,0S?8ae gav~e Fhche ann acoount: of· the .dresses, I:the~ne~ hooks; sheilhnad seen, and the .new ~c~duet· she had heard, undisturbed biy Phwjbe s ', ~isitrectedl attention. and ·surreptitio'us signs to :bher piot to forget her promnise, and she re; ta~iled to rLawvrene ·the cdhief points of the ~onversation: ···~; · orl '. That: other: : guest a·l remarkred M:br; ;"Hsmfugb onj':c ietact have hssn ~vastly edified Ili rh s·o mitich talk :of l~ MydDddeltoni and his I ceohections '~etpsccally after the gpssch I.· i~ ,ar old' Mrs. I'ate make to· him a day or A!,: Whia t was that ?"'..·· ;::~ 's1I:he said old Mydgdelton a relations could i ej nothing hut mean, and selfish, and money. I:rovnig, and cowardly":i ··· "0, what a faleehoeod and ad rhame l'. c;:ried.Phaabei olways ready to :reply to him. :,-"· Suppose: she knmew~you · hadd overheard ,that ~Lawrence?! ''!· '.: ::i 'I Ieiieve sloe ·does kgnow,"~ e answered, carelessly " she -does not coare .who ovetr l.oeara h~er seur, speeclies.'!, :·:· · (; ' Whi~aat clod Mpb Keith Bay?' inquired "YO ¶10 no:dt 'suppose care to notice' "I'ii : b atisfactory -to hi~m," said Ho Blnor, qi~etly "toto feel th~at .he has not been8ir deoeilvcd i plos estimate ofus. Ther ·s $enty~ofi meanness, andl ses~lfishness, anid love o d~mnney, and cowardice' amonjg'us.! ~ 1,' li~e~ n~py he~lt e nl6 thi~~,se qua~iseB a'mong '1s'reptiedI Law~rence, .looking ixitothq :(il'rLeyes) ,~'"" hiut~there is not9 quae of them erhe eog{ ·-.the veryv nanie of-Myd-' fIM'tlon'. retur;'ne~d ~onor, wmith 'a hot, viexed blsh rnthn 'dsstresied her,; more than ['i'ucbih di'spdeeh' fromn himr in pre'sekoe-·of his s 'eistetr anid pioor little Phmnhe " a~:nd 'he: sees 1c'! li e avfl~hl h'ate each othier in'orirhearts, L'"j'1 i6di" kngv s we shall do so until~LadLy' Lswre'iice'i wills rilead,: when we shall~im I i~nerdibtelyco'i~bcedti~at5 all: ouri hatred· upon i.'" '5J1'~i t's'I·i'afl"'Garz~i·el Myddieiton' ·fault," ~'iahehjd~Plo~e; "'tha thee de~cadfual things' 1~ace 'lid o our: eharge,:b;Ut, Ho~anor, youl i,,Inow;Žitieiiudly' te i;Trentsi thdi hte r~-·Eibceb'hok~e off' ab'ruptly 'in her speech,· " fora Mr. H~aughton :had: left the' roobmby that !'I itime,' and she hail 'someithing' far' more ·imn 1 portent touhrge upon Honor than! anyr want "';lirl"":8 'now,?! seho whispered't acroass the table-' "rememiber .your i promisei Honor "; 'r. IiHonor put the chanir.. blck. into its place e,7geinst~therwall-aloo diniin t:o'oe of Jane ar mto ~bt strsctly~sn~forcedileseoh~-and ·left the i!room t~oi::' :';-r i>·i~'· ,··i .In th~e hall 'ai· she:paueed in her extreme c.'muowillsngne~s tolienter- Lawrenee s study, Pbmn ~han rushed out~to~her, almost ;breathlass ~r!in'hnr~esgerness'i:: ·: Mskili ~~lebaito, -Honor,"'shio cried, pusb'ng her cousin towards the door: of br. ~Haugh ·-tona s-·tudy-" he .may go off in a hurry. C~hy~should; you' dawdle w'hen you know he wall doat efor you? - This is too unkind' of· :~··i ""Take ygour ·hands away;. leave me ;to \X'bpen' the door myself," said Honor, wbith a! Sucl caitsh· of her breath-" (I will· not hbe ra" e t `it':i$fo.do'aht I hare-promised.' When ·'Honor entered the room, her guaridiain wase locking the drawers of- his : ,lwrihung-table. ' He had· taken the key from I~,tbo lastl a d pnt'the'hunch into his pockret, b: ·efdor hbe saw'her, or' heard her quiet tread. Thetnhe stepped back 'to the chimney- piers, an;~d looked et~her wpit~h a~·pleasod smile- quit~e willang,levidsntly, that she should de :;tain him ans long~ as she cehose.' ".!Please, Lawrene,"' the girl began, . simpily',"will~ youi let Phmebe have a little ·; money this morning? - - ''.,;'":'!No. I have told Plombo a hundred Stimes that if I go~on permitting her-to over ,,,draw .her· allowancoe, she will growv more and m-'rore extravagant, and wmill not he able to extricate h'erself."' S.. Honior could .not see that this impatient retort was chiefly evoked by his sudden dis appointment in finding that it was for some one else a sak~e that she had sought him. ''~eonly saw: that ho lookted firm in his re ":1; hiave told her this: a hundred times," he repeated :'" and I will, not trouble my; s~elf to tell~ her again.` She ·is absurd and ·'wasteful in her expenditure. Tell her to do asi you Ido;i you have the same allowance, Isu1"8rd you· always look.-" ".';'Jane saya," interrupted Honor, readily, "if the're were another in- the house likre me she woue8dld h;o driven wild." "A ~ ' '~pretty safe ejosech," sneered Lawrence ''·5'i ;'!the e)' is ahuge one. Jane's reaton for the feeling, poor old~ girl, is not inscrutable. You forgive thosb spsschoo, Honor," lie added, in another tone, "wmhen you remem ber how jealously, she gruards my affectionB You san understand why she is harder to you than'to ·Pbcobe? She is not afraid of Phmnbe's ever supplanting--" "Phcoho is a great deal smaller than Jane,"' interposed Honor, her eyes foil of laughter. "Why should Janeho afraid?" "Laughing, always laughing,"' mattered Mr. flaughtao. "Is life to ho all jeot for ~A soft quick shadow fell upon ,the girl's face. She was'hsct eigistde'n,annd a~ orphan. Into no 'mother's listening ear and .loving heart: couldl sh~e whisper the doubts and hopes.: and ~longings wihichtroubled or sheered her. Upon up father's arm had she budnt through all' her girlho~d'; no fath~er's strong and' steadfast love had guided and taught' her; And b~eyond--whebt awaited this girl whmtose geosreusa ims and impulses were all thrown' back upon ·herself in this crampsd home? Whait awaited her be yonid?'Was life td'o hea jest' No wonder that such a swift, sad' shadusv' fell: upon 'hsr face likre a fcrehoding. ~"Lot Jane sany what she will, 'H~onor," spokre Lawr~ence, extending his hand to her. "You shall be dejnied nothing: while I am ·master here:' ' "' ''~ 111 :"I 'was nbit"th'inkring of jane's oec, she sasd; rouoing' herself from that moment's inexplicablie 'sadness, and moving a little backr from' the outstretched hand; "wmill you giv PI~sebe the mnoney, 'pisees,' Law L "No,". he ansierod, aegrily, but very slowly, as he gazed into her face; "but I willgivo'it to you if you lics." "I' do-not' wnt 'it,b"'ebgan Honor, in haste ; but he wont on after: her interruption as if' he had not hesitated .-" :-"You !may do as you lilke 'with' it, of couirse-spend it for Phwbe if yen choose, or give it to her to spend. I do not care what is done with it afterwards? How much is it tobe? ."Is this'enough? ?" He had taoken:two sovereigns from his purse;· but he held t~he purse stillopen.' : . "-Phoebe 'only wished for one," said Honor,'in'prouid,'quiet tones. "I did not ask Pheobe,"' returned Mdr.i Haughton; closing the purse, and'once more holding his .hand' towards Honor with the money in it. "Tak'e them, Honor. Of coursePhcobe badei youasek; 'but, come at whose bidding' you will, you know that I' never couId' refuse a request of'yours. Some 'day pihaps: the favours you come to askl will'be-for yourself, as they used sometimes to be'in old times; Take it; why do you waist so :long' ?" : ' Slowly and daintily, with barely a- toush of hbe soft white fingers,' she took the. go!d' coins from his palm. :: "Thank youa Cousin Lawrence.'" "Cousin Lawrence'!"* he echoed, angrily. "You are "skilled in wounding; Honor, and I am'a stone, of course, andecannot feel or see. I cannot be supposed to knwo that you avoid touchin'g my hacd;i when you do it with such gentle: grace' "'I' 'cannot kndmw K that' you "h'risik'from any obligation to me, when you thank' mo so' prettily. ' Cousin I' Bah l that one' word': is hateful': to i me 'from ." your "4 Is it'?"'aeked Hondr,:gravoly. "Would you have me say Uncle L'arenc? :Would this sound better--thank. you, Uncle Law rence , I ,' ' '..i..:: ' '''. ".rs .that anl ti'o paymnient you winl give no?'" iinquired Mr. 'Haughton, his anger giving: ay to amusoment, as it, generally did when he thlked with her. : "wYet, o that is all," she answered, speak ing to himjust as she used to do when she as a childi and bhad not learned Ihe secret of why it was she to whom he always list sned, 'and she whose company he always sought; "Phorbe will repay her own debts." "I want no thanks from Phcbe," he said, moodily. "Let hern have her ribbons and lowers and foolery, and:be content. Do not Bend her with her gushing :thanks"tb me. What isgit? What makes you look so hurt and proud? The old story, oh, of my duty toPhehboe as her guardian-of my unkind neas-of her wasted affebtion may be? I dob not know; I am not to blame in the natter. You can testify to that,' Honor. Do not turn away. Listen for one moment, my little favourite. You can eat: everything 'traight. Phoebeshall have what she likes, dresses and feathers to satiety-anything, if you will give me what I want." Y'I could not, Cousin Lawrence," said Ionor, with a demure shake of the head, "because what you want is a contented nind." ' Then she gave him her bright little daring nod, and,: leaving him, ran upstairs' with the news for:which Phcibe was so anxioiusly waiting. " We'll walk into Kinbury this afternoon 8nd buy the dress," exclaimed Phabeo in a rapture of'delight, " and we shall be able to miake it ourselves to.morrow, and so can spend allthe extra money on trimmings." "Yes," said Honor, kindly, knowing on whom the cutting and the trimming and the ahief work would fall-" yes, we can do it to-morrow, aid'have it all ready for Thure day morning; and on our way home this afternoon we will call at East Cottage. Now I arm' going to see if I can help Jane." OHb n'TEs aI. Whon Pworbe Oweon's hadlIirnortant pur obason wero made, Honor had one to snke, on her onacthcount, a very curious oney which exacited Phob's curioatyn amazingly. Itwas a paolket of wools of mnny shades rnd colours, end caroll of fine chanas. "" Do not carrye Phinah said, as Honor took this parcel in her band. "Letit be sent with the other things." "'Not" wnispered Honor; "I have a pocket aindor my tonio ogh purpose for it. It is not large enough to be.inconenient-I oi onh it were." So Honor stowed it awey witbont farther explanation, end the girls started on their walk home. When they had comewithin a qluarter of a mile of home they stopped at the:gatoe of a low white cottage "ohioh stood in a garden, where flowers, fruit, and vege tables gro. promiscuously. "O! do not go-in here," oxolairhod Phoebe, pettishly. "Mrs. Payte is such a disagreeable old woman, and Mrs. Diebrowo so dull and depressing. Come along, Honor, they haven't soon us." • Honor had· unfastened the gate by this time. "If you wish to walk on, Phmbe, do,'" she said, "and I will overtnao you." But Phlcbe had no wish to walk on by hereolf, and, moreover, a sudden thought had struck hor that if they loitered hero perhaps Law. rence might overtake them on his way home from his office. So she followed Honbr up the narrow garden path. A small, sharp-faced old lady, in a broad brimmed hat and loather gloves, stood on the gravel path before the cottage, leaning on a garden hoe, which, though a small tool, loolked heavy and cumbersome in the tiny hands of this small old lady. Her bright shrewd eyes shone steadily from under the brim of her ugly brown hat as ehe *atched the girls coming; but leer thin:lips broke into no smile, and she advaniced co st6p to moot her visitors.' Behind her, at 'the open windoiv of tie cottage parlour, eat another lady of almdst the same ago, but totally different in appear ance. Both Wore wvidoa ";'"yei, while Mrs. Diabrowo wore the dress which beqlongs to lifelong widowhood, little Mrs. Payte stood there outside the open window, doecdd inun inartistic combination of brown and gredn. Bothwere approaching seventy yeaes of age; yet, whilo Mrs. Disbrdwe lay in;?ler largo chair, calm. and tranquil as sweot old ago should be, and with the osoft Whit'~eir and patient eyes which "a sweat old 'eishould wear, Mrs. Payte's small figure stood firm 'and erect, and. her keen quick byes and mobile features had still the restlestnesid d strength of youth. It needed no second glance to tell that the government of .Eaet Cottage was on *the shoulders of the smaller and elder lady, and that the invalid sitting at the'window in the September sunshinoe was fully and humbly aware of this, The old ladies iwere not peculiarly reticent about .their private or personal affairs; so all Kinbury, ae well as the village of Statton, knew that the rooms at E?et Cottage had. been. taken for the benefit of .Mrs. Disbrowe's health, .and that the old ladies intended :to give the air. a fair trial,' or- for Kinbury was ae shrewd .ns other country towns, and .smetimtes made a guess of its own-rather Mrs. Payte had de. termined to stay for her.own convenience-. economisingof course. It was indeed on this very subjeot. that Mrs. Payte wes speak ing to her friend when the .garden gatoe opened to admit the girls. " '".Wehavebeen .here· nearly two mont'hs,'i she was saying, "and I donot scb any im prrovement in your health, Selina; indeed, I. think you lie down more than ever i cnd I'm sure, on such a morning as this '--Honor was near enough now for her quick.young. ears to catch every word-" you might.very,. well exert yourself a little. I hate to see people giving themselves over to thorough indolence. Here's Honor Oraven--sah0ll tell you how pleasant it is out of debrs.!'. "It is quite as plpasant at the open. win dw, M.rs. Diebrowe," said Honor, with a gentle, smile into the patient, wort face, ae. she went up to the window and :took the invalid'e hand--" quite as pleasant"-this with .. little emphasis, half in fun and half in earnest, as she turned again to shake the leather-gloved hand which Mrs. qayte exk tended leisurely. y "I'm mvery poorly myself," asserted the emall old' lady, with a defiant expression in every feature which .the brown hat shaded; '"only no one.ever notices. As fprfielina, ehepnever thitiks anyone suffers but herself; aud:she ---why she sleeps all night lilke a top, and I. may toss and sigh antd.she hetrs nothing of it. If I could sleep sas'she does I would not call mysoelfill. Dear mp, Honor, you need, not look at. her in that.sort- of silckening compassionate way. If else could hear every word: it would not.hur~ her, but she cannot.: She gets deafer every day, and only oears me when.I shout at the top of my voice. You-needn't he afraid of hurting her. Do you wonder thst mypatience is exhausted when you' see 'how lackadaisical she is, oh, Phesbe?" ":"Iodeed.I do not,", said Phoebe; for of course it was easier andwiser to concur with the sharp-tempered old:lady, when Plcmbe knew the invalid could not hear. "Y You know very well how worried I am with her,. and.how my patience' ic tried don't you,.Honor ?" "I see how her patience is tried, Mrs. Payte," the girl said softly. "To lighten her suffering,.if fltht were possible, or ease the tedium of. her, days, could hardly bs worry for any one to whom the opportunity is given." .', , . i. ' rDearni ro" ,exclaimed the old la~dy, .ehrilly,. ' One would think she envied me the pleaean.t occupation." "I think I do," said Honor thoughtfully. "I so' often and often 'think of 'her--how she is suffering hour after hour without hops of ease, yet without complaint, and I do so 'long to be able to do something to: make:the pain more bearable." "' I verily believe you mean'it," was't.?e slow retort, as MWfrs. Edna Payte looked With 'keen scrutiny into the girl's earnest ifao; "you look as if you did. Well, we shall 0oon 'see how hollow that idea is, for I give you leave from this moment to take what share you will of this tedious' and enervatidg occupation. There-now you will not make that speech again, I" fancy." "May I come when I like?" enquirod Wonor; earnestly. "May I do whatever I can to cheer tier or relieve her? May I really, Mrs. Payte ?" " ou may do whatever you oooase," re turned the old lady, with complacent con tempt; " we shall soon see how little that will be now the way is clear for you. We are all anxious enough to walk up the 'straight and thorny path to Heaven,' aB long as we cannot find it; but as soon as over it lies there right before our eyes, like the side of a precipice covered with briars, why, then we sanak back again and leave off talking about it. Well," after a pause, " why don't you contradict me, child, and say how sure you are that you can tread safely among the adders, and the tangles, and the pit falls ?" "I dare not," said the girl, softly; " but you will not take back your promise ? " "Not yet," replied the old lady, smiling cynically into IHonor's beautiful earnest eyes; "I will wait till I soe the ashes of all your high-flown resolutions. There, that's enough of such nonsense. What's the news in Kinbury, girls?" This was one of Mrs. Payte's unvarying questions, and Phoobe was prepared for if, and took a keen enjoyment in pouring into such willing ears all that she could tell of small news-the only giant among the items being the description of her now dress. "Whoso taste was it?" inquired Mrs. Payto curtly; and Phoabe eargoerly appro priated the credit, confessing, though with out any malicose, that indeed Honor wanted her not to have the fashionable mixture of pink and blue. • "If it is the fsehion, have it," remarked Mrs. Payte, with terseness; "what is Honor's taste compared with fashion ?" "So I said," exclaimed Phmobe, dolighted; rand I do not see why one should dress dowdily at a picnic, however small, any more than at a party, though I'm sure I do not want to vex Honor, because she's going to help me to make it." "' Certainly, don't vex her--for your own salo," advisedd.tho old lady, in those four last words hitting carelessly upon the main spring 6f Phmoes character. "Is your allowance greater than Honor's, Plhcbe?" inquired Mrs. Disbrowo, when the chief paints ofdonvorsation hecacce apparent to her. " "No, we have the same. "Then, I'm afraid you will always be behindhand, and always wanting help," was the quiet reply; "for, as George Herbort says, who cannot live on twenty pounds a year cannot on forty." " That's nonsense," said Phcobe, flip pantly; "and it is not many girls who have to dress on forty pouinds a year as we have." "Never mind," put in Mrs. Payte, en-. couragingly; "you may be rich enough some day, so it is worth while running short now. Have you heard' anything lately from Lady Lawrencen " "Yes," cried Phmbe, onrgerly'; "she is to be in England at Christmas, and we are going to London to moot her. She is in Calcutta still, but will be here then." "That's right," remarked Mrs. Payte, with an air of real anticipation. ".I'vo a great wish to seethils sister of old. Myddel ton's, and I may have a chaoce if she comes 'to England. liik'o t' see a thoroughlh wicked old woman." " Is Lady Lawrence a thoroughly wicked old woman ?" inquired Honor, laughing. "Of course, being old Myddelton's sister 'and Gabriel's aunt. 1But you girls mustn'.t think of that. You must look upon her as a goddess or an angel, wmhichever you like. Remember, she has a million to will away, as well as landed estates and 'princely, in comes. Y "ou write affectionate epistles to her. ?" " ' ' S"I write every month," said Phoboe; " we all write as often. I expect the Tronts write oftenor,'and I am sure Lawrence does, but she never writes back, though she sent us. her picture. Sho's a very grand and clever-looking person, enormously stout, and with smooth, dark hair." " Mean people are always stout and clever," remarked Mrs. Payte, sententiously. "Do you write to her, Honor.? ".. ' I have not lately," the girl answered, her eyes far off upon a horseman cdming slowly along the turnpike-road towards Kin bury. "I did when I was a child, just as the others do, for Lawrence ordered it; but I don't now." S"A bad result of being your own mistres, grumbled Mrs. Payte. "Take my advicee '-go back. to the old habit and write punct ually and; lovingly."' ' ' "I could not," Honor said. "She never answers our letters; she does not dare for use, nor do we care for her.' " The others do, don't they ? " Phcobe 'laughed.. . " Oare for her-why, of course we do riot, Mrs. Payte. We're only all trying to make ourselves agreeable to her." . ' "'To be sure-that's what I mean," said Mrs.: Payte; "and a most natural thing it. is,' only why should Honor .hold herself aloof ? Well, it is'nt too late yet, that's one good thing. Write her a long, flatteoring, letter.' Do: not think about whether yon love her or not; that's not the question. She has money to leave to some of you, and with out caring a button about her you may very well try to ingratiate yourselves. Young people seldom care much in reality about old women, and.a little pretence is fair enough in such a case as this." '. "That's what I say, and all of us," as sented Phmobe, with a ready burst of her heavy laughter-" all but Honor." "You must own it is so, Honor, if you have honesty at all," persisted the old lady, taking off her hat for a moment to smooth her small grey curls, and looking' up the while into Honor's face with ironical scrutiny. " No; I do 'not own it, Mrs. Payte," the girl said, shaking her head and with her pretty gentle smile. "I do not own that pretence is fair, and I do not own that young people do not care for.old women." " Well, I've seen more than you have, and I've a right to sayit," was the reply. " Who isths ?" STlhe abrupt question made the invalid start, and Honor looked round to see the cause; of it. At the cottage gate Was thei horseman whom a few minutes ago she had been watching. He dismounted, fastened his horse to the gate, and 'then walked leisurely down the narrow, path, throe' dogs following closely at his heels, evidently aware that they wore not required to go beyond the little box. border. "You've boon riding a long way, Mr. Keith," began Mrs. Payto, with her usual abruptness, when he offered her his hand. "Forty miles at least since daybreak,," was the brief reply; and Mrs. Payto, with. out exactly knowing why, considered it a stumbling-block iii the way of further ques tionisg.: She went through an elaborate ceremony in~her introduction of Phocebo, and then turned to repeat it for Honor's benefit;. but to her surprise she found Mr. Keith and Honor shaking hands. * One minute afterwards Honor had slipped away. Feeling that lser preseoncewould not be missed just then, she woet to perform one errand on which her mind was bent, and which she always did perform in her visits to· East Cottage. Hurrying round to the bhck. door of the cottage, she entered a small kitchen, neat, but barely furnished, in which a young woman sat sewiog beside the lat hice-window, with apair of crutches beside her chair. "'Alone, Mario?" questioned Honor, coming softly up to the chair and leaning over it. "Yes alone, Miss Craven," said the sick / girl, her pale face brightening unspeakably as she raised it to the beautiful one above her. "The lady's servant is sitting in tise front kitchen; she ahlays does. She eays this. one feels liko a well, and--and, as they pay for it, she has the right to sit there." " And you have given up the right to sit there too, Marie?" " 0 yes [ Mies Craven ; they pay for thess rooms. But I do very well hero." "Mario, you remember telling me that you thought you could get a little money by designing for wool-work, but could only do it by workring the pattern,~ not~ by drawing. Well, oo 'hero." Tho parcel was brought from the hidden pocket, and the two girls heeds bent over its contonto --tho beautiful face whose suffering wns all to come, and the worn one whoso bittercst eufforing was pant. For noarly half an hlour ionor Craven sat in the little back itohelon, choering and; brightening by that half-hour the lame girl's wholo day, giving her pleasant thoughts and memories to last her till the next time 'the briglht voice should great her from the 'open doorway. , Then she rosento go. "I am cominglhero oftener now,: Mario;" she said, giving hoergontjo little hand to the lame girl, as she would havo don'o tb hny lady, in the land. 'I euppson 'yor 'father' Will soon be in. You. will not be alone meoh longor. flow is ho gettin6; on, Mar~ie?"'' " About the name, Mbae Oravon," replied the girl, feeling the reality 'of ]Inooo'o in ternet. "lie has en order for .the'* photo graph at Abbotsmoor on ,Thursday, 'buf"he took only one likeness yesterday, and his room in Kinbjury is ' xpensiveo."' Poor fathler!" '' " 0 1 he will sodn got better n'ow; Mario'; never fear.' I' i'so glad it in hoe who :is to talo us at Abbotsmoor." "It is through Sir Philip:' Smoreon'. ' I do not think' Mies Trent would have over' thlought of it. And fsthor"'aays Mr. Keith has ordered' a picture,' ht't"whothor thint's throlgh Sir Philip or net ho e hosn't know." It was of:tho old" photographer that:thbe were talkinig in:'tho 'garden· when Honor' joined them again, and-foind Royden Keith 'leaning 'against the' open "window' be"ilde which Mrsm; Disbrowo lay, hnd' Mmr. Payte' and Phcobe sitting on the' garden-seat with out. "': "!It is a stupid idea altogether, I think," the old lady was saying, when'Honor came quietly up and stood among them. "How can you have the picture complete without having Gabriel Myddelton in it,. and who would care for a picture where he figured ? Rubbieh altogether I call it, and Lady Law renceo is a senseless old woman to :want it." "Perhaps. sh -does not,": said Honor; "Lawrenca says it was a suggestion of Mr. Stafford, her law:yer." ,. . . , s ia "Perhaps. it would be possible," said Royden with a flash of keen amusement which sometimes Shone so ewiftly::in his steadfast, handsome eyes, "for Verrien to copy Gabriel's picture firaetand then arrange the head amdng.the others, that tlie photo graph might include him, tdo.o " ' "None of the others Would tit in that case," obsorved'Mrs. Payto, tersely. " Why ? 'Cowrdice whs his inheritance, you know. Whist 'is. your orest; Miss Craven?" "A pair of heels," said Honor: smiling a little at her Own inexplicable blesh; as she owned to the inh'britaiue' of cowardice--" a pair'bfheels, and the motto below is frlom the .2ltusarui Dlio?i?. 'You linow the line He that fights and' run, away, 'My lice to'fght'6iotho'" day. '"Does'idot thhat prove'.an 'inheritance of cowardic I" aseled oayden: "'Andwas no't Gabriel's' mother a Oravhn?? "'What is the legend of the creht, MIise Crave ?" . * "I hardly kfnow oxactly,"'ehi said:; ".but an a'ncot0or"of 'ours once engaged in singlo combat, cnd when' ie found 'the' fighting going against him saved his lifo in a paltry manner by crying 'Craven' before the sun went down. Knights wereahllowed in those dayi? to end the fight so, if'they ohose to their dishonour."" ' : "And a wise 'and prudent. mealure too, he remarked, laughing, as lie turned to the sick lady within the room; "there are worse things :in the world than crying 'Craven' before'the sun goes down. Don't you think so, Mri. Disbrown ?" "Indeed I do," .sho anewered, gently smiling as she met his gaze. (" Ittie a gaze I like to meet,' she had said to Mrs. Payte only that very morning, as they talked :of Hoyden Keith.) "I wish I thought' that was'poor. young Myddolton'e only sin." "He wasa aMyddelton. How could you expect him to be other than what he proved himsolf?" interrupted Mrs. Payto, con temptuously. ," If he ever could.turn out a good man, it would be now that he has'for feited his name and his riches.. Tho hope of stepping into such a fortune has madl others sin beside Gabriel Myddolton', and is making others sin, and will make others sint and the possession of such wealth would spoil many a man, and womano too. Itpuzzlea me," she added,. With a gravity which made her hearers smile,. " to think whom it wouldnot spoil." ": The sharp eyes snder the broad hat went from Honor's face. to Phobbe's' and back again to Honor's, Mcr; Keith following their gaze, still leaning idly· there against the windos, with the three dogs waiting at his foot. ? : . It ma? the little old lady herself who broke the paase which followed her last words. "I have a great wish to go to Abbots moor," she said; "Isupposo I must ask for an invitation." . . "Will you go in my place, Mrs. Payte," cried Honor, impulsively, " and let me stay with Mrs. Diebrowve?" ;" Now, Honor, how can you ?" exclaimed Phoabe, aloud. "You know how angry Lawrenco would he, and that he would not go wilhout you." ".Will you," said' Roydon, turning his eyes quickly from Honor's veoxod face," lot mo drive you thoro, Mrs. Payto? I am in vitod to .bring.a friend; ploaso to be that friend." • There was a little blunt demurring, but it was arranged nevertheless, and the old lady seemed as well contented as ever she seimed about anything.. "You will hear the story of Gabriel M~yddelton's escape from jail," said Honor;' " I have never heard it yet." "And Miss Craven," asked Roydon, "will you show me and ' my friend' the spot in the wood where old Myddelton foll ?" . "Yes," put in Plhmebe, excitedly; "and I'll show you the window of the room through which the murderer came, and escaped, shall I?" "Thank you, Miss Owen," said Hoydon, quietly, when she repeated her question, "hut I know the window." They chatted a little longer, and then. Hoydon prepared to go. "WVhat a beautiful dog this greyhound is," said Honor, laying her hand lightly o0 the glossy, dun-coloured head. "What is his ename, Mlr. KeithP" "Lachno," Ihe answered, as he offered her: his hand; " that moans the glossy-coated; and this little terrier is Leouoe, which means grey; and this spaniel, Labro, which means furious. Can you remember after whose ddge mine'aro named?'"' .' ' '"'-!it "Yes-Actmooi's,"'sho answered. "Have you fifty, na he had ?" '"Only these three now," he maid, rather gravely-" trusty old friends whom I hope to have with me many years." " With whom you would ndt part for any thing in the world, I suppose, Mr. Keith," put in' Phcobe- "especially this' beautiful greyhound ?'" ': " No; I;do not' know yet what would tempt: m voluntarily to part .with Laohne, Mias Owen.o ' .' ' But before nightfall he lkn6. From East Cottage Ioaydon:Keith rode on intoKinb'ury, and: dismiounting at the door of'the hotel gave hi'horse td'his groom. '*^"Sho:'ie'tired' enough," he 'naid; "take hei in, Edwards, and'bring mo round Robin Hlood in half-an-hour's timeo,".' " Saddled, eir? " irjilnioed'the groom, be traying a little of his astonishmnoht; for had not his master been in thoe sddle almost *since daybreak ? :' " ':' 'i S"' Saddled, of course,"' returned Royden, as ho mounted the hotel steps;. 'I: ' I.'did. not oxpeodt you back do soon, sir," said Pierce,' following', Mr. ''KCith to his private sittinig-room; you ordered dinner at dight; ' Will ydu lunoh;so' late as this, sir ?" . . :, . : f;',, "I lunched three hours ago," said Royden, lightly, na hoe took his letters from the chimney-pieooo, with bhie baolk rtbthe valet, who s'oomod stirred a :little from his usual middle-aged 'gravity. ''"I lunbh'ed at the Towers. 'Send' mo a glass of winke, that is all.J lT ' : *. ,,.,..! * ; .* . .:, ,-; '" 'Folldwing 'the .waiter, whio ,with the mathematical precision .of waiters, seot the 'wide and:,bisouits beforo'Mr."Keith, came Piori6 onceamore into hisi master's presence. " '"I beg 'youi''ptirdon, ir," ;ho said, mak ing a' howv of removiig the thingn from the table, " but are all well'at'thB Towere?" "All 'welli: tharik'ydu, Pierce." ' "'And'everything going on s'it should do, eirn-as it would if you were there ?" "Just as it :would'if 'we''tite there," 'amended Royden, 'smilinig at 'th'' tnan'a real though hidden earnestnes?c.' .."i " "You soemed to'bo'sumnimoned so hur riodly, air, I thought." "Not summoned at' all," said'Mr. Keith, as ho'pouied'out a glahr of aBorry. "No illness ;ofthe lady' , ai? "' " No." ** - : 'toyderi put dowen his enlity glass and took up hnother letter." The servant lingered still; but thi soldorindcoi~unodf his face and manner hid the keen and anxious interest he 'folt in his 'master's answers. 'F" 'lt " Leave those, Pierce," said Royden, looking .up' from1 the 'paper: ini'his hand; " I am going out .again in a few minutes." R" iding againi this evening'sit ? " "Riding pgain this, evening-yes," he answered, smilinr a little now. " But I am only going round the Abbotsiboor woods, and shall be back" to dinner~i ' Por,Princess is tired biit, but tobii;mil bwi'frbh'and fleet." "Thoe dogs 'semed 'dtired" tdo6,; sir," said Pier'e,..wondering' at'tlhb U i 'their master had given themn thaft'a."'' ''''' "Then they' need i6tt d''or'; they shall make their 'own cloice; ' NA,',mused Roy don,'slowly tearing 4thd'letter:lin'his hand; I iPill take'Lachnd onlyj':: i I "''. 'Pierce looked in Ivain-fOrvan apparent reasbon for this ohangd of!parposel' :.":To save troublei I supposaei he thought. "'There's 'always a sdne.if:ho tries to leave thbigreyhound bohind".,'r,,!' ' 11 ,f' So Royden Keith, ten minutes'afterwards, rode'from Kinbury to findthed answer to that doubt he had exptee?ed at East .Obttage "I do' not know ,what ,woulditempt me voluntarily, to part with Laohne." Mrs.:'Payto'' stood with th'eo'giels at the gate of ?East Cottage, watohing ~Eden as he rode away. ' " "Do' youilike him, Phoebe r" bhe asked, abruptly.' . .. : i ' " ;'! '* " He is vory.hanideomo;" Phcebe acknow ledged, inma tone of praise ad whrm as she over bestowed on any one dave her guar dian.' ' ," He's not a man to gpithrough life with his hands folded," remarlked: the old lady, tersely. "Honor, .why are you staring up the'road? !fYou will po?t .all him handsome, I; know-not :you.:. Unless R.liman has languishing ,,mannprs,lilke .Captain Trent's, and canlook .atyou lackadaisically under his eyelids, and, talk::.n ;a: lazy whisper, you haven't much',toisqy i hlisfaver. Ah, I see whyX yo0., rre,,,staring;, .here they come Sound the trumpet, be t,thq drum; What a. conjunction I.,.Thi9y ,remind/.me of Prior and Swift, who u lod gorall round the parks together-Pri'qr 'o saka i, himself fat, Swift to keep himsl le'an., Honor's eyos. ad, to .come bae from their distant gaze to see the two advanoing figures, and then she turned to .Phb'ilp with a smile. . .. . . , _,'_ "I declare I 'did not inowi", said the old lady,o" that Lawoinc Haughtbn and Hervey Trent. were Biub looq 'riends..W ^Vhat bond of union liia 'botween the ?"i? "It inust '!avo 'been''Hepv'e~y who joined Lawrence on the"i'ca,"' suggested Phombe, " for I'm sure Iawrence would in'ot overtake Hervey of his own 'accord"' "And piay' why' 'h6 I" iniiqired Mrs. P'ayeo, hoiaiply..'. :''Woiila hot 'r. Haugh ton like to be the 'moann of bonefiting a young man whoso mitid'ib peculiarly alive to good influences ?" Phoebe looked' intoi the old lady's face, astonished, but inOver for dore than a minute at a time did she troubl? herself to study Mre. PaytO's mdods.',; 'i' .: ,. The gentleimeiis canip up to the gate just thoen' and stopped, with a look of pleasure as well as surpriseei',but after that first minute Honor' could see that Lawrence was in one'of his moods of smniothered ill-humour. " Walking hdinme, are yoi ? " said the old lady, her shrewd glance impeded by the brim of her ugly brown hat " What enter. prise! But I must stop you hore. Look upon East Cdttago as a half-way house-the travoller's reat-and'·when ,you leave I will let you take your 'wards with you, Mr. Haughton. Now;'Honor, run ahd order the tea-tablo to be brought oit.". i There was ho. hesitation do Hervey's mind about acceptiog thid invitation, and, though Lawrence paused for a momont, he did not refuso. " ' .I .; . ' " I likeo to. have young ppople round me," observed Mrs. PI'yto, particularly addressing Hervey, as ho throwb himself languidly on to the gardon-oeat ; ".it gives me life and vigour. As one grovw old and fooble one iHkes to study enviously the strength and •energy of youth." "Does one, Mrs. Payto ?" inquired Cap lain nHervey politely, as his lazy eyes rested on the small, wiry form beforo him. "I should hare thought it would have bored one." ..: "Mr. Haughton, you must not bring your , business face hero, please; wo do not wont to make our wills yet, or draw up our -.marriage settlements; we only want to fritter away an hour in nonsensical tea drinking. Stupid, don't you think so?" "One wasted hour cannot signify very :much," the lawyer answered indifferently. ".. "The difficulty to me," said the old lady, b-.. ustling about the table which her servant Shad carrisd out, "is to determine which of ?: our hours are wasted. Now, Selina, are you coming? - ':p :r'M ??i.r.isiorowe rose from her seat in the :window, for Honor .had come for her, and ,,had brought Hervey to carry the easy chair. Mrs. Paytoetopped in her own occupation to w. ratch thia proceeding, but afterwards made up for the lost time by extra snapping. . : "She says eho likes to have young people : abbut.hor," frotted Miss Owen aside to her *: cousint; " if so, why is she so cross ? " : ' A.:"Now, girls," cried the little old lady from her seat; "wo are waiting for you; ; !go: to your ooparate trays-Honor to the :;; coffee, and you, Pheabo, to the tea. There ;ii-.'ill be a knight for each of you." "'.: Mrs. Payte loaned back in her seat after ;:this.speeoh, and waited for the division of , labour, watching almost as if she had an interest in it beyond what Theodora Trent i /called her "unwarrantable interference in o., everything." . ' "Harvey," said Honor, simply, "will yon please to wait npon me ? " The sharp eyes under the brown hat went .-wiftly up to Lawrence Haughton's face, and : the thin lips .of this cross old lady stirred just a little at their cornore. ::.." Mr. Haughton, I patroniso your end of Sthe table, and Phoebe's tea. I look upon coffee as a lingering poison for a bilious constitution like mine. Your vaunted air has done me no good so far." -Honor glanced at the real invalid, who never spoke of her ailments, and grew even more attentive than before in her attentions. "Hervey," she said, "did not Mrs. Trent tell us last night: that Lady Lawrence said Kinbury air would hill her?" "I dare say," assented Hervey, languidly. "I rarely recollect what she says." "In that particular matter Lady Law rence's opinion entirely coincides with mine, then," said the old lady, smiling graciously in answer to Hervey's words, " though in 3ther respects I fail to learn any good of her. Yon are more privileged, I presume. You are sure to hear the best points of her character." "Then I should like to be told which are the worat," observed MIr. Haughton, bluntly. ,. "I suppose, Mr. Haughton," mused the old lady, as she sipped her tea, " that it is yon who have the greater chance of her avbour; you are so clever, and so well under stand the value of money." " It would be rather a dangerous thing for yoe, Lawrence," said Honor, while he turned so her with a qnesticaicg smile, "Don't ou rmembe r Little, the miser? He saved forty thousand pounds, and when at last the doctor told him to spend a little and take -ame wime, he died in the act of drawing the fst cork. Hoer much better it would have isen if he'd gone en raving, and left the wine lone! " "You are a ridiculoas child," snapped Mr-. Payte. "Mr. Haugbton, will you kindly bring me another cup of tea from Phoeb ? " Pbhmbe was gazing, vexed and astonished, into his angry face and perhaps the little old lady bad noticed this. When tea was over, and Honor was egain enlisting Hervey's aid for the invalid lady, srs. Payte managed to keep Lawrence on the seat beside her. Phoebe bovered about for n time, bnt the old lady coolly kept her at arm's length until she was obliged to fall back and join Honor and Mrs. " Diabrowe in the csiting-room. "Captain Trent is exerting himself on usually," observed Mrs. Payte. " I suppose bha will presently exert himself sufficiently to m' arry." " I suppose eso. ', _"Theodora Trent will make him an excel -lent wife," she continued pushing her hat back a little, and smoothing her tiny gray : curls," and a stylish wife, which is all-impor 'I Ctsi That being the case, and their marriage a settled thing, I don't likoe to soO him dano t' iog attendanca-I mean sauntering attendance : -o Honor Craven." , " A flame of fiorcest ecarlot rushed into Lawrence lanughton'a face. .. "I fear,"rasumod the old lady, placidly, " .that the day of Horvoy's marriage will be a' ;heavy day for you. I have hoard that Miss T:rent is always received at the Larches with open brms." " Pray whose arms open to receive her ? " i' nquired Lawrence, with undisguised scorn. S"Miss Houghton's, and they say, Mr. SHauighton'a too; though he would not con . fes it for a thousand pounds." ' "'Why should I lie for a thousand pounod." " This is only what I have heard," ex is,.plained the old lady, apparently anxious to i .Impress this fant upon him; "you will excuse .,my mentioning it." ,', He bowed a sulky acceptance of her s'opology. .;., "There is no preventing idiotic things , being said," he muttered. " I neover believo .*a word I hear." "Nor do I," returned the old lady sooth .. igly-" not a word; and I know that some day I shall have the pleasure of offering my .congratulations on your marriage with Phoebe Owne-a nice, lively girl, with plenty of smiles and agreoable sayings. I suppose, io ; he event of your inheriting old Myddleton's money, you would sell your practice, Mr. Houghton? " " Yes." : Mrs. Payte had just answered by a smile full of sympathy, when the gardon gate swung upon its' hinges, and a cheery voice saluted the party. " Glad to see you, Mr. Romer," called IMrs. Payte, in her brisk, shrill tones, "for my young visitors were just leaving me in '**eolitude." The Reverend Walter Romer, rector of Statton, theo village to which Deergrovo and the Larohes and East Cottage really belonged was a cordial, hearty old gentleman, who equally enjoyed tending his spiritual flock and farming his arable aInd-a praoticnl farmer as well as a practical Christian, a man . with a clear business head and a w?rm unsel. eish heart, a men at once shrewd and frank, at once provident and generou.5, worldly in just those varied senwes of the word in which it is safe for a good and upright pastor to be worldly while this is the world in which his help is needed. " I understood from my old clerk," he cald, after his warm greeting all round," that Mr. Keith was here." "lie only stepped a fow minutes as he rode pat," explained MIrs. Payte, while more than one noticed the frown gathering on Lawrence Houghton's brow. "What doyou want with him, Mr. Romer? to scold him for not having been to church last Sunday." "Not I," returned the rector, laughing. "iea waq probally listening to a better fellow. No; the fact is he was to have come out to day for some fishing, and I wanted to ask what had prevented him. There was a froshet this morning of a couple of feet down the river, and I'm vexed he missed his sport." "Are you?" questioned Mrs. Payte in her quickest tones. "Do yonmean to saynow, M?r. Romer, that you understand that man ?" "Well, he emphatically does not wear his heart upon his uleuve. And yet I think-" "VWhat, Mr. Romer?" It was Honor who pot in the question gently, when he paused. "That there is no incoosistency in his wearing the motto which belongs to his braoch of the Keith family-' I own no nobility but the soul '-nobility enough, oh, Miss Honor?" "EncasC me," put in the lawyer, chillily, "but bow have you diecovered his branch of the family, if, as you insinuate, he is a man who rigidly guards his own secrets ?" " Abh 1 you know him, I see, Haughton," smiled the rector, "for that is his nature, and yet I did not essert it. My important dis covery was made by very simple means-I read the motto on his seal. Well, and how is the garden going on, Mrs. Payte ?" "Evvery ripe apple gets stolen before I'm down in the moraine,." "I t is too bad," said the rector, suppre?s uig his laugh at the complaint, for which he had boon thoroughly prepared. "' Everything always goes wrong with the garden, doesn't it, MIrs. Payte? The hens used to dig up the eeds and eat the currants as they came." "Every one," assented the little lady, promptly; "though I wrapped each bush in muslin like a ghost." "And the birds eat all the cherries," con tinued the rector, eympathioingly. "Every cherry. The littlethieves would come rushing outof the tree into my face whole regiments and boarding-ochools. Yet look at Selina throwing crembs to them at this very moment, to defy me. A nice set they are to encourage-savage, eelfish little creatures. You once watch them when you feed them, and I dare vow you'll never feed them again. A father will hop off with the family dinner from under the very noas of his hungry wife end children, and a grown up daughter will snatch the bread-and-butter from between her old mother's very teeth. Bahb a nice race they are to befriend." The vector turned away to hide his laugh. "I wonder," he thought to himself, "how any one who grumbles so persistently at everything under the sun can yet take such a keen, unwavering interest in everythinie about her, especially in the affairs of others." " I must go in now," he said, aloud, "and have a chat with Mrs. DisbroewO, and ses Marie, poar girl! I shall overtake you young people presently. What do you think of the weather, Haughton? Don't the clouds f,,rm rather too high ? You smile at my anniety, hut if you'd a sprinkling of bank-notes lying out in a field, hound to lie there for a certain time, you would not relish the' idea of roin and wind." " E?en without that elmile, I understood your anxiety about your hurvost, Mr. flomer," oaid Lawrence, coldly, as be stood at the gate wfaition for IInnor to return from bidding good-by to Mrs. Disbrooo. But when she came all his ecieotifio trrangements were knocked on the head. At the very last moment Hersey forestalled him, and took his place at Honor'o side, as he could not have done if the girl herself had not purponely aided his design. Blut to wolk apart with Phaobe, as Honor evidently had intended him to do, was an alternativo which Lawrence llughton did not for ao instant entertoin ; ho sauntered up to IHonor'e right, as lerroy staonchly kept his position on her left, and walked so, dropping now and then a crumb of converoation to Phtnbo at his right hond, but chiefly watching estrreptitiously the foe upon his left, until the rector over took them, and with frank diplomacy soon estahlished himenlf in Lawrence Haughton'e ploct beside his favourite. Thon Phosbo'e guardian fell moodily back beside her, and entertained her on the way home with blunt monosylloblee only. " I think," said the girl, when eke had ox haunstcd ol hoe livoly 8ubjects of coneorsetion, and still ransacked her brain for morn, under a delusion that she wans amusing her com. panion, "that Hroey T'ront would rather he with Honor than with Theodora; and I tbink Honor likes him vorg much." "Rubbish I he insalwnys laughing at him," was the rough retort. "Yes, I know," granted Phcobn, unwil lingly; "but it is all good- temcperedly done, and he does not mind, though he's ahwayo lecturing her when Mrs. Treot and Theo dora ore by. I don't know why tley should go on in that way, nor howl Honor can always choose to walk with him whon she might walk with you, Lawrence." If Phoebe had had any idea of the storm she had invoked, she would not have tripped quite no happily pant her guardian whon ehe roached the Larchen at last; but Phcobe Owen was not gifted with the power of seeing below the surface in any single. matter whatever. Lawrence wee ill; that fact appeared to be patent to Miss fHaughton the moment she mot her brother in the hall, as she invariably did; and Lawrence apparently found it loss trouble to assent to this than to clear his gloomy brow and shako off the sullen silence that was upon him. Nothing at dinner pleased him; nothing that was said elicited a smile or even an amiable word. "'Y ou are very poorly, I'm afraid, Law rence," fretted Jano, pathetically; "I knew it would be so this morning when you took those mushrooms." "It is your head, Lawrence, I can see," said Phoebe, softly; "I will fetch my eau de-fCologne." :Nonsense," cried Jane, authoritatively; "it is not the head ; I know what will do him more good." But Phwobe had rushed off for her scent bottle. "Foolish girl," muttered Jane, following her stimyl; "as if I did not know best whet is the matter with my own brother! " "You never offer scent or stimulant or sympathy, Honor," said Lawrence when they two were left; and now his tone, though vexed, was noitherrough nor sullen. "'Why don't you toll me what is the matter--as they do ?" "Don't they remind you," asked Honor, as she took a rosebud from one of the vases on the table, "of the shoemaker in The Relapse, who told Lord Foppington that he was mistaken in supposing his shoe pinched him?". Lawrence laughae as it dae had nwot eoa poorly for a year. "Thero is no deceiving those beautiful eyes of yours," he said. " Give me that ross-bud; pin it in my coat yourself, and that will core me." But with the utmost care and deliberation she fastened it in her dress. "There, Lawrence, just drink this, and you'll be all right," said Jane entering fussily with some mixture in a glass. "You ought to have come home early and nursed yourself; you are so neglectful of your health." " I've read somewhere," remarked fonor, sedately, " of a young captain of marines, who was shot in the arm in battle, and when he asked permission to go below to have it amputated, he apologised for leaving action for 'such a trivial occasion.' He was like Lawrence." " Exactly," assented Jane and Phoebe in a breath, having heard the words but being in much to great a fuss to notice the tone. "For pity's sake, sit down both of you !" cried Lawrence, in sudden inexplicable anger. "Take those womanish condiments away!" Captain Hervey Trent, all unconscious of any of Mr. Haughton's feelings towards him, pursued his way to Doergrove that evening, in a state of placid satisfaction, chiefly with himself, but in a secondary degree, with one or two other people; and what he pondered as he went was betrayed by a few words which even passed his own lips as he opened the gate at Deergrove. "I hope that when I and Theodora are married and settled here, Honor will still be living close by us-not married to Lawrence -detestable idea that-but still living there, or equally near us. I shall take care always to be kind to her; she is trouble. some, of course, but I don't object to taking a little trouble for her." W hen her visitors had all left East Cottage, Mrs. Payte heaved a sigh which soauded very like an expression of relief; but still it was with her usual eager briskness that ehe qnestioned Mrs. Diebrowe on various epeechee, which she must very well have known were intended only for that lady's private ear. "I guessed as much," she ejaculated, as complacently as if she had been drinking in a string of compliments. "I saw that Mr. Haughton was out of temper with me, and that Captain Trent was bored to death, and that that little Dutch-faced girl only stayed with me because her guardian did. And Honor Craven was disgusted with all I said to you." "Oh, no !" put in the invalid anxiously. "Yes," returned Mrs. Payte, with that shrewd glance of hers, which showed how hard it would be to deceive her. "I know she was whispering to you about me just before they went." "She only said," answered the sick lady, with a smile of pleasant recollection, "that she was sure you did not mean any of those hard, sharp things you said to me." (To So conai, ised., 