-AN. EXAMINATION OF MODERN' , '.'I' '' SPIRITUALISM. ? , ( Sew i tYork Times, January, ll.V, '....- '??-' THH-spiritj.flnd new champions daily. 'Ma- terialization' is' on the defensive; and is perhapB 'a trifle vindictive, if wo mny judge from the fierce- threat which one of its advocates haa lately nl'ade. .TbiB unamiable person, through the column's of oflfl of our contemporaries, in fornW thlo press in poTtioilIar, and the world in general, ttttii it nWspttper eriticisni npon 'the manifestations' is not sfepended,. 'the mediums thVougn' wli'otn they occur Will fery soonhnvethe powe'^'to'suipaha' the pross, and they will nse it, too.' ?ThisisvefJdtiS'atfful! nay, more, it is eXcci*. sively aggravating thtfrf So'haVo' one's business intereBts committed to the m'al?gii' influence of those wicked agenoies, called by tb'o' great Andrew Jackson Davis tho Diakka, or misoMfe' vona sprites. On careful examination, vrt find the nuthor of this prophecy to be a person who has lately visited the mystic abode of the Eddy brothers, andwhohasbecomeconvinced thatthey aro in every senao the miraoulouspeople thatthey repreaent thomaelves. The expoBnre of the Katie King frnnds, and tho complete outwitting of the charlatan Holmes family, havo had ho effect oh the culm and judicial mind of this new apostle o'f tiib' do'ctrino.of materialisation. He puts no faith itl the1 sta'telAents of scientific cavillers ; he sots at nailgfat ail/, ovidonca whioh sensible pe.jple usually regard as conclusive, and pro ceeds to examine for himself. He has not only spent rauoh time' in the Vermont Valley, where the Eddy brothora reside, but haB taken a leisurely look at 'the 'oabinofc' from which they are wont to evoko materialiaed spirits. After having examined overy portion of the hall where the manifestations ocour, he solemnly proclaims that there is nowbore any mentis for 7 the production of 'apirita by mechanical tricks or by optical illusions,' and therefore nnnouncea ''£fratrtl!ei-(r-is'iio fraud in the rustic Eddys and their seeming phenomena. \- 'TliiB a'poBtle doubtless thinks himself right, ? ttrtd will at onco become a dovotod Bubjeot of tile monarch' Superstition. Ho will be intro duced to the' sprightly ghost of his grandmothor, ?or that 'Of hia' undo who died in the Revolu tionary War. Ho will probably treat with Bublime soorn tlie insinuation that he has been ?grosaly deceived and mado a atool-pigeon by the skilful jugglers in the Vermont valley. It will not enter his-iniud that the Eddys perhaps found- it1 expedient to cast about them for some ? dupo from whom they could hide tho meana by which they accomplished their tricks, and then ask.r.him, to ' investigate,' He has poBsibly forgotten that the Eddys woro very shy of any thing liko a oloso investigation at tho hunds of many 'scientific people who .were desiroiiB of proving the ' materialization' a iraud. One i witness,' .who i wbb by no means very timid, '- asserted , his belief that the jugglers, bo far from really desiring a praofcical test of their opera tionB, were almost ready to offer personal violence to anyone who should undertake snob , atesti.-.,, We;are .not prepared to believe that the'rJIddys aro working out a new soienoe which .willrey.olutionize everything on this planet, any moro than we were to believe tlmtKntie King was a disembodied spirit who clothed horaolfat will in a living human frame. There was Bome diatinguiBhed testimony in her favour — a good deal moro than has yet been offered in bohulf of the Eddy's— arid thoae who from tie verv first refused .to accept the one are not very likely to pay mtioh'attention to tho other. ' -v There is 'a large olaas to who'm actual harm is done by a fooliah belief in the mummeries and mask,ingSrpf.|Buph. beings as appear from the da'rk'cab'inet in the farm-house of tho Eddys. If the pross, whjoh the new champion threatens in such a mysterious manner, oould manage to unmask the charlatans who are preying ou the auperatitioua 'natures' of tho musses, and who make 'coiiBtant and- unseemly mockery of the mysteries of physical death and the immor tality of tho soul, it would accomplish a uoble' mission.. Possibly it may yet bo induced to givo the i-npudenco of the impostors who trade in BpiritualiB.tio '.manifestations' of the grossor eort a leSBbii 'which they will not forgot. Tho bravado of,fho Eddy^brothers shows that they aro already afraid of being brought to judg ment. If they are really dosirons of keeping ' the1 confidence of' those benighted beings who still beliovo, in them, they will find it wise to employ no more suoh uncompromising oham pionB as thiB ono who haB lately come before the public. ; Thro' the depths of Loch Katrine our steeds Bli a] career, . . . O'or tbo peak of Ben loraond our galloys shall stoor, WMo the rooks of Oi-alg lloystering like lolclca molt Ere our wrongs be forgot or our veBgoanoo unfolt ';' U!'..r.-': :,..,,.. ;,.;,? . —Sir Walter ftcott. 