" "PUCK" ON SOCIAL MATTERIS. 0 According to some of our "model" d Counoillors, their fino hall is likely to prove a a white elephant, and for this result they n have only themselves to blame, It is much to be regretted that the hall has proved a failure, for two reasons. The first and e most important is that such a large expenditure should have been incurred e without the prospect of a reasonable return . thereon; and the second is that this result might have boon quarded against by the choice of a better site for its erection. The . hall is spacious, splendidly ventilated, and possesses magnificent accoustic properties, 6 but its outside appearance is decidedly dgfoctivo, resemubling more a Baptist o church than the object for which it is liieant. Some talk of selling it to the Governmunt for a State school, but I doubt very much o if that august body would be justified in o shelling out to the tune of over .10,000 for 8 a building which will require the expendi turo of a large sum to render it at all o suitable for educational purposes. Butter, o say, to olil it for a brewery. It possesses that most important adjunct ai tower I-and does not every browery now-a-days? What about the boor? How is this Srufilling of the public mind going to end; is it .going to produce a more wholesome f beverage than tho.colonial ale now palmed off on the public ? "Puck" fools very sad -in fact over since the City Coroner held that inquest on the unfortunate doctor lie thinks he is going to give up the ghost without the chance of a boor (bier) and no -wonder that he fooeels so-its like depriving an Englishman of his roast beef. "Regular trash I Obliged to spit it out, Sir I" was what one imbiber informed me the other day. After ten years' experience, he sud. denly discovered that he had boon drinking slow poison. None are more easily gulled than the public, and none have to pay dearer for their experience. Dr. Youl has inadvertently aimed a blow at the brewing fraternity, thereby causing numeronus vats to boil over with wrath, and has also given the temperance advocates a sort of suggestive kick, if that body would only stop into the breach. There is no doubt some truth in the remarks of the City Coroner, and it must be a well known fact that colonial ale is largely adulterated, otherwise certain brewers would not be rushing into print with affidavits and chemical analyses of their respective brows. It is much to be regretted that the only local musical society in the populous district of Collingwood is still in a very struggling state, although, if I am credibly informed, the committee are making com mendable efforts to carry it on successfully, and intend starting on a now ban!s. To my fancy, however, its not quite the thing to ask one class of members to pay for the benefit 'of another, and while the coinm mitteo compel the chorus to pay and admit the instrumentalists free, I am sceptical of their ultimate success. I would suggest that the committee could not act better than assimilate some of the Melbourne societies, such as the German or Metropolitan Liedertafels, by adopting the plan of holding a periodical private conversazione, open only to members and their friends. By this means the society' would be made attractive to both ladies and gentlemen outside its own immediate circle. I notice, amongst other things, that verdicts have boon obtained in the local court by the Council of Fitzroy against several of its delinquent ratopayers, who either could not or would not pay the demands made on theom in re cost of flagging. In "Puck's" opinion, said dolinqounts do not show collectively any extraordinary amount of common sense. The law as it stands is no doubt arbitrary, inasmuch as it compels property holders against their will, and in many instancoes quite contrary to their means, to lay out considerable sums ou theo improvement of the public streets for the special benefit of nobody in particular. But certain it is that law moans one thing and justict, another, -- the former often usurps the place of the latter-and those who persist in making justice a plea for the breach of tihe law are slre to uneot with disuppolntment. The public should remember that what can't be cured must be ondured, and submit with a good grace. 'I'The late Mayor of I'itzmroy, BMr. Ewinmi, is making strenuous efforts to establish a Free Library in that town, and certainly deserves the hearty support of the publuU for so desirable an object. I understand that gentlenian has already received a valuable collection of books, and what with Sir Redmond Barry's promised loan from the Melbourne Institution, private sub' soriptions already received, Government grant, and Council's donation, sufficient ought to be obtained to make an immediate start, "Puck" has been favored with an inspection of some of the donations of books, and as he has heard that the smallest donations are thankfully received by the committee, he has serious intentions of presenting his "notes" handsomely bound in "sheep" skin. 