THE POETBY AND MUSIC OF IBELAND. PKOM ' LECTURES AND ESSAYS ' EY HENBT \- GILES. Ireland is a land of poetry. The power of the Past there, over every imagination, renders it a land of romance. The past is yet an actuality in Ireland ; in all other parts of the British islands it is a song. The tragedy of Flodden Field moves a Scotch man's feelings, but it does not disturb his business ; the battle of Bannockburn calls- up his enthusiasm, but though it keeps him late at the bottle, it never keeps him late from ! the counting house. The imprisonment of j the poet-king, Jamie softens his affections, but it leaves his judgment perfectly clear on bills of exchange and the price of stocks. Even the battle of Culloden is gone long ago to the calm impartiality of things that were. The Welshman takes English money without sassnrr^iving^awara, ana me murder ot their bards. Even the English themselves have but faint remembrance of the heptarchy, the revolt of the barons, the wars of the roses, the death of the first Charles, and the abdi cation of the second James. But events do not pass away so rapidly in Ireland, Ireland is a country of tradition, of meditation, and of idealism. It has much of the Eastern feeling of passion added to fancy, with continuity of habit, as in the East, connected with both passion and fancy. Monuments of war, princedom, and religion cover the face of the land. The meanest man lingers under the shadow of piles which tell him that his fathers were not slaves. He toils in the fields or he walks on the highways with structures before him that have stood the storms of time, through which the wind echoes with the voice of cen turies, and that voice is to nis nearc tne voice of soldiers, of scholars, and of saints. We would pen no chilling word respecting the impulse of nationality that now seems astir in Ireland. We honour everywhere the spirit of nationality. We honour the glori ous heroism which, for an idea and a con viction, if it cannot do, can always dare and die. . .. . . ... .. ... Much there is in Ireland that we most dearly love. We love its music, sweet and: sad, low and lonely; it comeswith a pathos, a melancholy, a. melody,; on the pulses of the heart, that no other music breathes, and while it grieves i]fc soothes. It seems to flow with long complaint over the course of a^es, or to grasp with broken sobs through the ruins of historic fragments of historic thought. We are glad with the humour of Ireland, so buoyant and yet so tender; quaint with smiles, quivering with sentiment, pursing up the lips while it beclews the eye lids. We admire the bravery of Ireland, which might have been broken, but never has been bent — which has often been un fortunate, but which never has been craven. Wo have much affection for the Irish character: We ; give ' unfeigned praise # to that purity of feeling which surrounds Irish women in the humblest class, and amid the coarsest occupations, with an atmosphere of sanctity. We acknowledge with heartfelt satisfaction tlutf kindred love in the Ivtih | poor, that no distance can weaken, and no I time can chill. We feel satisfied with our humanity, whence see the lowly servant girl calling for her wages, or drawing on the savings' .bank for funds, to take tears from - the eyes of a widowed mother in Con naught, or fears from the soul of an aged father in in Muuster. We behold a radiance ot grandeur around *the head of the Irish labourer, as he bounds, three thousand miles away, at the sound of Repeal, at the name ofO'Connell; and yet more as his handshakes, as he takes a letter from the post-office, which, rude as it maybe in superscription, is a messenger from the cot m which childhood lay— is an angel from the fields, the hills, the streams, the moun tains, and the moors wherein his boyhood sported. We remember with many mem ories of delight, too, the beauties of Ire- * lands scenery. We recollect the fields that are ever green ; the hills that bloom to the summit ; the stream lets that in sweetness seem to sing her legends; the valleys where the fairies play; the voices among the glens, that ' sound from her winds as with the soirits of li r bards ; the shadows of her ruins at moonlight, that in pale and melanchoy splendour ;'appear like the ghosts of her ancient heroes. 