PAVILION GOSSIP. Br CENSOR. Here we are again on the verge of another cricketing campaign! It seems but a week or two ago since the past season so reluctantly gave op the ghost, it having resolutely re fused to die until the contest between the South Melbourne and the Jolimonters, for the possession of that much.-coveted trophy the Challenge Cup, had been decided. Oar stay in winter quarters has been so short that there has been barely time to furbish np our arms before the bugle has sounded the welcome note of preparation for forthcoming hostilities. From the Btir and bustle that are so noticeable in all quarters, a prosperous season may be safely foreshadowed. The popularity which the game of cricket has at tained in Melbourne can be estimated by the numberless new clubs that are starting into existence. The columns of the daily papers teem with notices of annual maAtingq aa£ intimations of the formation of new clubs and when the fine weather once sets in upon us there will be thousands of cricketers fol lowing the favourite pastime. The formal opening of the cricket season is considered to have taken place with the annnqi meeting of the members of die Melbourne Cricket Club-the oldest dab in Victoria but the commencement of active operations is generally delayed till a month later, so as to afford time for players to get into form before the real tog of war begins. When' the players have thoroughly ascertained whether the eye or the hand has lost its cunning, the public will then begin to flock to the ground to see how last year's cham pions are shaping. So, then, the first good match of the season will not take place till the first Saturday in October. The rules regulating the Challenge Cup competitions render the holders of that trophy liable to be called upon to defend its possession on the tirat Saturday in that month. The East Melbourne Club are the present holders, but whether they will be inclined to play thus early or not is doubtful, though in strict ac cordance with the t\iles they could be forced to do so. Their tuif will not be ready for practice, even with the assistance of fin« weather, for six or seven weeks at the very least, but whether this will be taken as an excuse tor non- compliaiice with the rules by the other clubs who wfeh to throw down the gauntlet remains tobe seen. I don't think the M.C.C. , w|l be the fiw»t. in the field, as I imagine they require time to put their house in order under the new r6gime. Sam Cosstick u ready and eager, - I know, for the fray, and 8? is the nimhig little Kelly; and Austin Locghnan and the improving Alexander are not a^ree to be the first in the field against the Joiiponters, but four players do not make an eleven, any more than one swallow makes a sutnmtr. I fancy the new hon. secretary will wait njtil he has "taken stock" thoroughly of tie raring blood in his club before he Venturis to risk the first reverse of the year for the ." mug." As there is always a Richmond inthi geld, I fcuppose Perryman, the energetic recusd tator of old Richmond club, would aWpt a liberal handicap, and enter the list, eve\ it he had not the remotest chance of success It would be a glorious thing for the old flub, which is a little out-at-elbows just nor, to bave an inundation of Challenge Cup «x pencesoniis ground. The smitera of South l«l. bourne, if asked to play theopeningCupmabh withtheEaet Melbourne, would, Iamsure, wU lingly accede to the request; for, judging fron the accession of young blood they will havt to their ranks, in the cream of the Montague eleven, which will shortly be disbanded, they will be verv formidable this year, despite the fact that they will lose the doughty left arm of Allan, who has Signified his intention of not taking part in any of the Cup contests this season. His place will to very difficult to supjply, but there axe two or three very promising tnindleis in the Montague, who will possibly find a {dace in the South Mel bourne team, not only for their bowling, but for their b&tting; and fielding. Tbe miserable tail end of the South Melbourne will thus be supplanted, and the improvement that must be effected in the fielding will, in some measure, make up for Allan's unfortunate secession through ill-health. Midwinter will still be true to toe South, and Cooper, who de clares that he has lost two stone and a half during the winter owing to people worrying him as to which club he intended to play with, will don the red and white stripes, as will likewise the two oolta, Slight and Bl&ckhtm;, In fact, save Allan, the South will lose no one. The holders of the Cup. the But Melbourne, will be very hard to beat, as all tb»,p onT men will remain fast in allej the blue and white stripes. Boyle ter$d "well; Horan. isno longer Horan," and might easily to ta the burly Forrester. AUee and Ha reported to be in great form. W. has been taking morning Weathers all through the winter, and require* tot an oter or two to make him very fit &bd; well, and Goldsmith »nd Williams promise to^Was brilliant as ever In the field: and Oandn. since be bas let hfobeard jrow agaln/says he is as strong as a lion, wif aafe f or a good awwage this peason. The club, it is aaid, >per in: the have fonndtniit a fine wic of a pyomtow mngyUyM, y, who basinet amvea from f in which case little Elliott will hay* thewaJL Unless 0. V, Grace euddi down and support* other equally Jucky <^umtttaoe struggle for the premiership ofthi The St' Kilda club, whlcV came to the fore last year and die natives by the play of its ColL. year to a venr'trwon among the as the~ colt element will have the benefit of i another year's age, and will shape with greater oonfidenoe than ever. Carlton re mains in ttatu 0to, KQ& no new blood ie spoken of. The new praotice wicketetnade during tbe winter t>n fts eroond may.how eyer^oaproe^o^.^ Its tiefchbooring riral jwrations for the if Ch^«ge^^w^^a^^.,0aeeJ^i» new pavilion.. There is lUtle oriio news to noeming oountry oriokotWond the at Ballarai t^oketeaMMtwtain the T t»f having a veiy $gwpe«»s gfiMon; no doubt other plaoea^A** "at. ce to i win little en for .tfaafa 4%e annul w< Melbourne iB a sign that there fa a desire atttdng the member* that it should take ita proper place among the leading clubs of the colony as re-* garde tba prowess of its players. With a new committee, a new and popular secretary and the gronnd in better order than ever it has been before, there is nothing to retard the progress of the M.C.C. The infaslonof some of the second-eleven element on the-com. mittee will induce many rising young players who would otherwise have passed Dy the doors of M.C.C., and taken up their quarters with East Melbourne or South Melbourne, to cast their lot in with the leading club. Altogether the M.C.C. starts with a fairer prospect before it now than it has for several yearB. Space will not permit a critical survey of the turf, so Rowley and his improvements must be left till another occasion. * With regard to the projected Victorian Cricketers' Association to carry on our inter colonial matches, it is confidently stated that as soon as the South Melbourne Cricket Club has held its annual meeting no time will be lost in taking the initiatory steps towards its formation. Already the East Melbourne Club has appointed Messrs. Wikie and Williams to act as delegates to attend a conference to draw np a scheme of theiproposed association. The New Zealand cricketers are evidently disappointed that the projected tour of an Australian eleven through the principal pro. vinctB of Maori Land has fallen through. We have received a letter on the subject from! an enthusiastic New Zealander, who, while deploring that the negotiations have cometo nothing, remarks that the suggestion offerel by Mr. Stephens in a recent letter viz., ttat one of the leading Victorian clubs should take up the idea of the trip during the hotand trying months of this approaching Bummer-is one worthy of adoption. The writer appeals pathetically to the Jolimonters, whom the characterises as ".jovial," to take thp matter in hand, calls upon "ye wealthy, Hillites" not to reject the oppor tunity ot a delightful holiday m Mam Land, and altogether shows the advantages that would afirue to any enterprising club eleven who worm make the trip. He further goes on to santhat the New Zealandere rank tbeir cricketing talent with that of Victoria, and that the] cricket-loving public of Christ, church deem a Canterbunan eleven ''quite capable if making a close thing of it with an ^Australian eleven." Not only from the letter of this enthusiastic denizen oi Maori Land, but also from a leading ancle in a Christchurch journal it would aroear that this opinion is a pretty general onel The writer in this article, after selecting B.B. Cooper as the best batsman in the Australia colonies, and going through a series of father ingenious comparisons, states" liking Mr. Cooper as our starting point, we mar say at once that we have at least two. if not tfree, as good batsmen as himself in New ZeaUnd, one of them being an old schoolfellow knd fellow-eleven man of the hero of .the iczungs of 84 against the English eleven. It-vbnld be easy to show that the analogy extetvs to the other departments of the game, betides batting." If all that is written be que, and that in the other departments of the game New Zealand can show 4uch talent then there is no need for Victoria and New South Wales in future to fend to England for the expo nents of the National pastime. The "All New Zealand Eleven" would afford a rich treat torus Australians if they.have better batsmen than Cooper and as good bowlers as Allan. Evans, Coaktick, and Spofforth. With regard to the idea of a club team taking up the matter, the thing is scarcely possible as far as Victoria is Concerned, for very few Victorian cricketers could spare two months' absence from business to enjoy even as great a treat as a trip to New Zealand would ua. doubtedly afford. -Tie reason the expenses of the Australian Eleven appeared so heavy was that there would be six or seven pro fessionals in the team, and our colonial pro fessionals are beginningfb be iiAn>iMA of their worth. \ The cricketers of New South Wales are resolved not to allow their two-fold victory over Victoria last year to b<tget any apathy on their part, and feeling thatla groat obstacle n the way of their success for many years has ken the difficulty of procuring suitable areas cricketing purposes, the New South "Vies Cricketing Association ate alread- in treaty with the Sydney Governments f_; & gra$ of the area of ground known as the CiviAnd Military Cricket Ground. Thi.- is the <kly piece of Government land available for he purpose in Sydney, and if 8Sso<%on can come to terms with the i ? yerop^t, they will immediately recon; me; d the ©*Puditure of £150 upon it, so as to mai s it avaabie for practice for the reprr^ o i £ve n .r?w South Wales, who will alortlf bjou^toon again to meet the chat&ijiou; of Victoria^ the cricket field. IJe ground of the Bendigo United Crieke. Club'was gr%tly worn last season, owing t* the tConstan\ practice of the membere an the large nutter of matches played, and it-, restoration to decently-playable condition fx>. the present w«pn seemed almost impossible, for the B.U.C.C{a not flush of funds. It cua notoountitsnonplayiugmembetaibythshun . dredL Nearly ants members pitch tha ball or wield the hat,\nd, with a few honourable exceptions, fight toy of fielding. Tht.r are ' limited in number bat their enthusiast bat' no bounds. Tbe i^ar and tear of -ma wl 1 commences at dew. dawn, and only . nds with the creeping of dusky night, "lie 1 gallant few have not»nly to bear the laV-jre 1 of the field, but the btodeosof the exch^ -icr too. tnd ft is iardlflf iTclub to pwwrew under such trying circiiutanoee. They nave cup matches, out teen do not draw ilie cheering crowd' andtafa full of money No wonder the mettnpoiitan grounds &u;' ! spirts of beauty; tfael aip conjured up by the inagio eirrfenv1?* *»me fcii " friend-a wealthy j-ec.V i..,,* - of honesty health ;-????' t .>«* whose soul is not'--r i. ^s longingtodosoD>i'ti)<:.<:^ i.rtv,- ;,.i] n - -'....iton creataieswould? au-V : . .: . ? ? -such things h-j vt-lie?v. iionV formation migK ba r . t u\ advantages of the yniu-J. only require . good taste to pi.vtuct a ts rv, of which Bsn>;*ff^ nstg'ar . - t fog the adve) .'.« XKe rar.. '. ' retened to cttuniirtoa a' to make the it «L * their disposal, (u^uly v the dose 0! > tj 3 i-i-av -n c w and, what W; <!««.:»«, i -bottom. ftassir,; v<.« >u rolling, theyfjuvii euc-vecU-il tolerably lev*' fie i fee; ^ play isg Dentre bKvin' I l>et.. able season L-a ;.-.e.d < luxuriantly,tt>dit bet. Nothing else b^u j Theanhnalni'fniiiv : j eatlyin October, auu u Th* annou: , boums CrM->t Ci^» 1 ; fround tbta alicntoov. eident-Mr. Jno. Whiteman, M.L.A^; vice presidents, Messrs. Jno. Danka ana B- I P. Fiehley; Manning Committee-Bmsi* Allan, Campbell, Conway, Gallagher, Gibbs, Hart, Krone, Lord, M'Gan, and Page; Match Committee-Messrs. Allan, Bigneu, Chivers, English, Fisbley, M'Gan, and Stewart; honorary secretary, Mr. W. J. Ranting. The cricket season in South Australia* I see by the South Australian Register, was fairly opened last Saturday, and a vigorous and successful'campaign is looked forward to. From the same source it appears that preliminaries have been arranged for an intercolonial match with Victoria, to be played at Adelaide early in the season. The turf on the Oval has much improved, and the South Australians are confident of providing excellent wickets for all comers, if those dire enemies to the game, the grasshoppers, do not make another descent and eat np all the 