BOUTS RIMES. Our readers were invited to furnish stanzas of six or more lines, three of which should end with dark, fear, and end, and the rest with such words as rhyme with them. We can only find room for the following this week:— I am not partial to a lark I am so full of fear, I always tremble in the dark I feel so dull and queer; I am afraid these rhymes to send, I doubt if they will gain my e>id. NON NOMINE. Who is it fears ? Talk not to me of fear. What is it? Hope crushed out, that drives us statk To madness, leaving nought for this poor gear— 1 his mortal stuff, but anguish deep and dark. We were not made for this, but to ascend In trustful joy to reach a higher end. KARNAC. Day dawns at last. The night was dirk, But now we hear the singing lark Soaring aloft, as though its mark Were but to catch the radient spark On the bright sunbeam's end; To revel there devoid of fear, • To flutter in the atmosphere, To breathe a cadence sweet and clear, Enchanting to the listening ear. i cannot but attend. CALTOWIE, I love a true and faithful friend. He seems to make one's sorrows end, And life appears no longer dark, But all is merry as a lark. No longer pain or grief I fear, But always love a friend sincere. FRED. W. SHIMS. Keep courage, heart; in all thy long career Thou hast not known the dastard sense of fear. On life's rough sea thou'et safely steer'd thy bark Through shoals of danger or through regions dark. Excelsior be thy watchword, God, thy friend, Thy haven of reward, when time shall end. KARNAC. The wind blew keen, the night was dark, As walking quickly through a park, In solitude and fear, I witnessed at the other end A ghastly spirit stoop and bend Across my path so drear. S. T. T. Is that a shriek I hear ? O ! hark, See all around us night grows dark, And pallid ghosts are drawing near, Their fprms inspire my heart with fear. Come, sister, come, our pace we'll mend, The longest road will have an end. BLUEBEARD. The rain descends, the night is dark, The mighty waves o'erwhelm our bark, No power to aid, no succour near, The bravest "hearts are chilled with fear ; Life, friends, and country now must end, AU, all is lost; no help, no friend. W.- C. SANDBRS. I said to pretty Jane one day, " My dear, I cost you nothing." She bounced out "no fear." " I want to see you safe across the park"— •'Oh la! well, perhaps you may but—keep it dark." " I'll take a kiss and be your guide and friend." "No, that you won't, so hook it." That's the end. KARNAC, Our larrikins, who love a lark In Rundle-street, when all is dark, No Bobbies ever fear; For they, poor noodles, never mend Their ways, but frequently offend The ladies passing near. Yet some fine day, you may depend, Will find their larking at an end. And see them quake with fear, For Bobby, like a hungry shark, Will pounce upon them in the dark, At all too soon appear. B. S. S. This morning, as I sipped my beer, My boon companion dropped a tear, And said, " Old chap, I sadly fear You'll die for want of better cheer. Now, as I am your faithful friend, A skilful doctor I will send, Who, to avert so sad an end, His aid and best advice will leDd." And then he ventured, for a lark, To dose my beer with wattle bark, Which made its colour very dark; But stop—he's coming!—listen!—hark! BOOMERANG. STREET ACCIDENT.—A rather curious case of bolting occurred on Friday afternoon, the 27th inst. A two-horsed spring-wagon, belonging to Taylor Brothers, of Thebarton, was being loaded with kangaroo skins at the saleroom of Messrs. Gordon & Co., at the top of a narrow arched passage off Grenfell- street. Most horses have a strong natural aversion to the odour of marsupials, and although Messrs. Taylors' animals ought to be well accustomed to the smell by this time, they objected and bolted down the passage, carrying away one of the gates in going out. They then ran straight into the team attached to a Norwood omnibus on the stand in the middle of Grenfell-street, doing, however, little damage, though one of the hors9s was upset and its harness was broken. They then rushed down the right-of-way between Messrs. Stilling & Co.'s and -Goode Brothers' warehouses, and after colliding several times with the walls were brought to a stand by the upsetting of the vehicle. The nags which caused the misahief sustained apparently no serious injury, and except by the breaking of the pole the wagon itself was not much damaged. MABAVILLA COCOA.—Taylor Bros., London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity, fine Aroma, Sanative, Nutritive, and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for Breakfast, Luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening.' MASAYILLA COCOA. —The Globe says:—"Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the Market. Entire solu. bility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For consumers of Cocoa, especially Invalids aud Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, &c.;, &c;, . EQEKEOFATEIC C0C0A.-This original preparation, whic has attained such a world- wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest homoeopathio advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-iined packets by Storekeepers and others all over the world. MUSTAEB—Taylor Brothers' celebrated "Challenge" brand is prepared from the Choicest Seed by a patent process which prevents fermentation, and at the same time retains the puEgency and purity of flavour to a degree which no other process can accomplish. The double superfine quality is spedally recommended. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 124ths+123vzl65 tff" We cannot prevent other tradesmen copying our ideas, neither can we put brains a into their heads to originate ideas for themselves; we can therefore only Caution our Patrons P arid the Public against being misled by others p M Imitation may be tho sincerest flattery, but we object to it when they do " The same with intent to deceive." NORTEMOKE & DEAN therefore solicit their Patrons to particularly note their addressee, 99 and 101, Runiile-strfet, between Messrs. Mayfieia and Bon's and Mr. G. R. Debney's Furniture Warehouses; 6, Bundle- street, Opposite Messrs. Fauldfcg & Co.'s; 103 and 105, King William- GBJist, Opposite the Town Hall. l77ov {§' WESTON'S WIZARD OIL AND MAGIO PILLS—Have cured more wonderful cases of Rheumatism, Gout, Neuralgia, Aches, Pains, Swellings, Caked Breasts, Burns, Scalds, and Salt-Rheum, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since the world began. These Great American Medicines are composed of vegetable oils, healing gums, roots and herbs; and act like a charm upon pain and inflammation. . 212cz S 