CARDINAL MANNING ON RATIONALISM. Times.'] On September 5, Cardinal Manning re-opened the Church of St. Augustine, Manchester, which has been undergoing repairs and decoration. In tho course of a sermon on "Jesus Christ and Him crucified" as the central doctrine of the Catholic faith, he maintained that the Catholic Church was the one universal Church which was to give " faith by hearing to the world, and in proof that this was the true Church he pointed to the confusion, the contention, the contradiction, the wasting, and the perishing lit everything separate from that one Church. He begged his hearers to notice how other teachers, having lost their adherence in its unity and submission to Divine authority, were tossed to and fro with every wind of man's doctrine until at last they were losing the truth of Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Germany, he said, was the country from which the Reform motion came. England was the disciple of Germany. How fared it with the teacher, and how was it faring with the learner? In Germany there had been three periods or states of Christian belief in the last 300 years. In the beginning Lutheranism had set itself up as pure and primitive Christianity in opposition to the Catholic faith, so highly dogmatic and doctrinal. It believed in con substantiation and in absolution, and in a multitude of other doctrines which it did not as yet reject. Little by little men found it impossible for heads to hang together without a thread, and having denied the Divine authority upon which all truth rested, having broken the thread upon which all these jewels of Divine truth were strung, having denied the Divine authority of the Church, they began to lose and to reject doctrine after doctrine, and men were criticising those doctrines, denouncing dogmatism as the authority of men, and describing dogma as the imposing upon one man by the authority of another what he is to believe in Divine things. The second, period on which they entered was characterised by a state of what was called Pietism. Men began to toss away doctrine. They kept Jesus Christ and Him crucified as the central and only truth. After a time of an interior piety and an excitement of devo- tion, with less and less of positive belief, there arose up another people called nationalists. They said, with great justice, " You have rejected dogma, and we reject your emotions and your devotions and your Pietism, which has no other foundation than your feelings. You feel this, but I don't; you believe it, I don't believe it." This was the beginning of the third period of Rationalism which meant nothing more nor less than that men took their own reason and made it a test of truth, even in revelation-a measure by which the doctrines of Christianity are to be tested, so that what it received will be received, and what it does not receive will be rejected. Finally, the reason of man was made the sea free and foundation of everything. ' That evil of Rationalism prevailed in Ger- many at this moment. Throughout the whole of what was called the Reformation it had devoured and extinguished Christian faith in the great multitude of the Prussian nation, and the other states in which the Reformation established itself, to so great an extent that we were told that not 2 per cent, of the population of Berlin ever set their feet in a place of worship. What had happened to the teacher he feared might happen to the learner, and what had begun in Germany might pass over into England, unless men had the humility and the faith to become the disciples of the Divine Teacher. Three hundred years ago, Parliament, by Royal authority, set up a religion by law, which was highly doctrinal and highly dogmatic in Episcopacy and the Sacraments, differing from the Catholic Church in as few things as possible, but being torn from the unity of the Christian world and from the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ. For 100 years that dogmatic religion continued. Then came Pietism or Puritanism, an interior religion, resting upon the feelings of the heart. He spoke not disparagingly of that time. He respected the Puritans, because they were in earnest and because they revolted against empty and dead forms-against keeping up the belief in the Sacraments when the grace of the Sacraments was denied, and because they rejected the imitation of the Mass when belief in the Real Presence was denied, and for burning confession aia when belief in absolution had ceased. He respected that thorough resolute temper and spirit of those men, who believed that religion consisted in communion with God and in belief of a Divine Master; but what had followed? Wo likewise had entered into a period of Rationalism. He did not know to what extent it had spread among the Nonconformists of this country. Some of their own members had assured him that among their youth it was spi earling fast by means of German literature. But he did know how far it was spreading in the Church of England, and how it had made the University of Oxford almost its own. On every side there were books, written professedly on Christianity, penetrated through' and through with Rationalism, and that by members of the Church of England. A high authority, at least in Manchester, had said the other day the foundation of all reasonable faith seemed to be in danger, and, in illustrating his remark, stated that the Vatican Council had invested the head of the Church with Divine attributes, and had practically laid it down that the mind of the Church, and not Holy Scripture, was the Word of God. This was nationalism of the highest order. It was not necessarily a Divine attribute for a man as the head of the Church to be preserved from error, or that he should receive perpetual assistance from the Spirit of Truth according to the promise of God, , whereby His Church should never err from that truth delivered to it. This talk about divine authority came from a purely rationalistic conception of the nature of Christianity. To absolve sin was an act of Divine authority, and yet the Church of England, in the Service for the Visitation of the Sick, said our Lord left power with His Church to forgive son. Would this authority, on turning to his Book of Prayer, say whether his Church was invested with Divine attributes ? And as for the mind of the Church, that certainly was a Scripture the living intelligence of the whole mystical body of Jesus Christ, on which on the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost inscribed the whole revelation of God when there was not a particle of the New Testament written. Cardinal Manning also delivered an address at the opening of a new Roman Catholic church dedicated to St. Laurence, at Birkenhead. He said that England was once the promise of the empire of ' Jesus Christ' and she was on her probation now, when the voice of truth was as audible as over. A thousand times he had said, and in his soul he believed, that Englishmen never rejected the Catholic faith. They wore robbed of it by force. They rose to defend it, and were beaten down by foreign mercenaries. Their children were born disinherited, and generation after generation had removed further and further from the faith. Mul- titudes now alive were innocent of the heresies which had rent the faith asunder. Englishmen were not jealous of the Word of God ; they believed it to be Divine ; but the Word of God was wider than that which was written. There was the living 'Svord'of God of it Englishman were jealous. They were jealous of the Spirit of God, and their jealousy of it made them jealous also of the liberty . jbf conscience. They said " Our souls are our own, we must answer for them to God, who made them, and Jesus, who redeemed them." They refused to fire taught by human authority ; but they forgot that their cause was' indissolubly united with the Spirit of God and upheld by Divine assistance. 