THE MAN WHO WAS S1IAKSPERE. (With due apologies to those whom it may conoern J Late m tho sixteenth century a philanthropi es! phronologist wandered about the back-slums of Stratford-on-Avon in search of somo ono to mako a poet of. Suddenly his oyo was attracted by, a. person with u, vory largo collar, sitting at a window. ' Thoro's a hand,' soliloqiiisod tho old gontleman : 'I might almost mako a poet of that follow 1 What's your namo ?' ' ShaksDero. ifackins.' So tho philanthropist, seeing ho was hungry, took him homo, and thoy crushed a flagon. 'Now; William, how would you liko to boa play-writer, you know ?' asked the benefactor. ' Marry, indifferent woll ! Though, look you, I havo a plontiful lack of wit, together— (ho added, thinking of tho scantinoss of his larder at homo) together with most weak hams.' So' ho went homo to try his hand at play-writing, and returned in about half an hour with his first humblo- attempt : . ' Tho Long-winded Ghost; or, Liko Father Liko Son.' 'Twas a knavish pieco of work, ho oxplaimed, . and treatou ot a certain Prince ot Denmark, who feigned lunacy to oscapo an action for breach of promiso. 'I don't think much of this,' said tho old gontloman; disappointedly, when ho had read it. ' I think some of it is rather— rathor broad, you know ; and then tho hero is 'an unmannorly young cub, with no respect for Indies or old gentlemen. I- don't think tho murdor of a: king is a nice subject. Try again. So Wifliam wont sadly home, and tried again. His next attempt was called, 'A Month in tho Highlands; or, tho Threo Comical Spinsters and tho Magic Cauldron.' Why, this is about murdering a king, too,' said his patron. ' It's all murdor from boginning to end, and the hero's a honpccked idiot 1' Tho good old gentloman was really grieved, llo took William out for a holiday, and showed him tho beauties of tho metropolis, to try and distract his mind from its morbid brooding on regicido ; and Shaksporo went homo in n, calmor state of mind, and tried again, firmly de termined to murdor no moro kings. He reap peared in a short time with a new effort : ' Brutus ; or, tho Romun Fall.' ' Why this is about the murd — — ' said the oiu gontleman. ' mass ! ot a verity tis but an omporor this timo,' pleaded William ; and went homo again, utterly caBt down. Somo time aftor Ann Hathorway found him in an attitude of despair, quite insane. ' I can't keop tho head of Charles I. out,' ho murmured. 'Oh,': what a roguo' and poasant alavo. , atn I; backed like a weazol for all tho daws to peck ftt ! ' Thon ho bogan to seribblo out somo now attempt at a play. Ho called, it ' Richard tho Ruffian ; or, the Blighted Babies,' ' nnd it was all about murdered kings. It was hopeless ; ho would nover bo a play-writer, and tho good old.: gentleman gave it up. Poor William lingered on and wrote several more plays, — and those which were not about tho murdor of aj king Were about tho assassination of an emperor ! — Fun. ? , 