FALLS OF NIAGARA. (BY THE REV. JossEF DARE.) I LEFT Chicago by the Michigan Central Railway, ea route for that grandest of scenes, of which America justly boasts, and which has long stood, by universal acknowledgment, among the wonders of the world-the F" alls of Niagara." For some distance we passed along the shore of Lake Michigan, leaving the outskirts of the city on our right; then through country .partly rural and partly wooden, but without any features of special interest. Later in the day we passed through the pretty town of Ann Arbor, pleasantly situated beside a clear and rapidly-flowing river, and sur rounded by wooden hills, in one of which nestles the university for which it has become somewhat famous. Thence we passed the Detroit, and. at length reached the Huron, where the whole train passed on to the ferry barge, which bore us to the opposite shore. By half-past six on the following morning we were at Buffalo, and at nine on our way to Niagara, twenty-two miles distant. For several miles we kept the river Niagara flowing smoothly on our left, passing on through a flat and uninteresting country, portions of which were cleared and fenced, acoordingtothecharacter of soil. Nothing in the surrounding scenery gives the slightest indication that you are approaching that wonderful cataract, which is the pride of the conti nent, and whose grandeur and magnificence are known to all nations of the world. The small town of Niagara is on the American side of the river, in the immediate neighbourhood of the Falls, and during the summer season-when it becomes the resort of large numbers of visitors -it assumes the character of an extensive and busy bazaar, for the sale of relies cut from the limestone rock, Indian euriosities, and photographic views of the cataract, and surrounding points of interest. It contains three commodious and well kept hotels, one of which-" Cataract House"-is built close by the American Rapids, the waters of which wash its basement story. Clifton House, on the Canadian side, possesses aspecial reputation for comfort of accommodation and excellence of cuisine, while it commands one of the finest pro spects of the Falls. My hotel was on the American side, and, having secured my room, I set off, impatient to gaze upon that grand spectacle, to behold which had been one of the dreams of my life. I had heard much of the importunity of the cabmen here, and how new comers were besieged by them ; but the half hitd not been told me. Although I resolved to look knowing, and utterly indifferent-as if perfectly familiar with the place and its surroundings-they were not to be deceived. I had no sooner left the steps of the hotel than several set on me at once, until surrounded with carriages and dunned with entreaties, I was well nigh pestered out of my wits. Before entering upon a description of Niagara. I may state, for the benefit of such as are uninformed on the subject, that it stands connected with the vast lake system of North America-the largest and most important in the world-receiving the flow of the four large inland seas-lakes Superior, Michigan, Huron, and Erie-the total area of which is 87,000 square miles-comprising more: than one-third of the entire quantity of the fresh' water of the globe. The channel through which these waters are poured into Lake Ontario-whence by the St. Lawrence, they flow into the Atlantic Ocean-is the river Niagara, which runs between Erie and Ontario, and is 30 miles in length. In its course-twenty-two miles from Lake Erie-a sudden break occurs across its entire bed, and the whole of the waters of the river pass over abrupt and perpendicular cliffs, in distinct and collateral sheets. These are the falls of Niagara, which, in the language of the Iroquois Indians-from which it was taken-is said to signify the " Thunder of Waters." Entering Prospect Park, and passing along by the foaming rapids which flow between it and Goat Island, I stood on Psospect Point, afavourite spot for gazers and sketchers, and where a party of visitors was about to be photographed, with the general view of the falls for the background of their picture. I shall never forget that first view: in one scene stretching from the one shore to the other, in magnificent perspective, the whole of Niagara was before me; and although I had been familiar with descriptions of it-from that of Father Hennepin, the Franciscan missionary, who first discovered it, in 1678, downwards-and with representations of it, of every conceivable kind, from my earliest childhood, I now beheld the reality, which no painter can transmit to canvas no words describe. No aspect of nature was ever to me sofull of the inspiration of,awe asthat upon which I then gazed; and as I looked upon it, bewildered with sensations I had never before ex perienced, it became not only daguerreotyped upon the retina of my eye, but indelibly stamped upon the tablet of my mind, in all its- impressiveness and power, in all its living majesty and sublimity -never to be obliterated. To obtain the view from below the American Fall, I descended by means of a tram-car on an inclined plan,. ingeni ously worked by water-power; and in a few min utes was standing amidst the spray at the base of the cataract, and almost deafened with its noise as it plunged down upon the dark fragments of rock before me. In the words of a descriptive writer, " I could see an immense torrent of water tearing headlong down from some great height; but had no idea of shape or situation, or anything but vague immensity." Taking the ferry boat, I crossed over to the Canadian side, obtaining from the middle of the stream a magnificent and extended view of both falls. The water in the middle of the river was rapid and turbulent, and tossed the boat on its agitated surface as though it had been a cockle shell; it was only by taking advantage of the favouring eddies on each side the passage was successfully accomplished. The view from the Canadian side is much more complete and effective than on the other; the American Fall in its full extent is before'you, a cataract 660 feet in width, and descending perpendicularly 164 feet; then, separated from it by the projection of Luna Island, is "the Middle Fall" -a graceful sheet of foaming water, of crystal clearness and beauty, 100 feet in breadth, beneath which the famous Cave of the Winds is situated; then comes Go:Lt Island, and the point of rock where once the Terrapin Tower stood; and still extending to the right, the "Horseshoe Fall," nearly 2000 feet in width, with its irresistible tide of one hundred millions of tons per hour, and "its deep and deafening roar of endless melody," as it plunges majestically into the curdling sea of milk- white foam, and sends up its towering clouds of mist, to be painted by the sunbeams in many-coloured bows of magic beauty. By many, Table Rock is regarded as furnishing the most commanding and impressive view-the raging rapids above, whirling =and fbiiming madly.on to their fearful leap; the indescribable sublimity of the cataract, descending in its awful magnificence at your very feet; and the terrible abyss, with its cauldron of seething and fathomless waters beneath; combine to present a scene that is adapted to awaken unusual emotion, and to inspire the profoundest awe. The llate Charles Dickens, writing of this scene, says:-" It was not till I came on Table Rock, and looked on the fall of bright green water that it came upon me in its full might and lnajesty. The Niagara was for ever stamped up n my heart, an image of beauty, to remain there, changeless and indelible,. until its pulse ceased to beat for ever. I think in every quiet season now-still do those waters roll, and leap, and roar, and tumble, all day long: still are the rainbows spanning them. a hundred feet below; still, when the sun is on them, do they shine and glow like molten gold; still, when the day is gloomy, do they fall like snow, or seem to crumble away like the front of a great chalk cliff, or roll down the rock like dense white smoke. But always does the mighty stream appear to die as it comes down, and always from its unfathom able grave arises that tremendous ghost of spray and mist which is never laid, which has haunted this place with the same dread solemnity since darkness brooded on the deep, and that first flood before the deluge-light-came rushing on creation at the word of God." After ascending to the.roof of a neighbouring hotel, known as Prospect House, which overlooked the great Fall, and commanded an extensive view of all the surrounding scenery, I went down a cir cular stairway, of 120 steps, to the " Hermit's Cave," and entered, a short distance behind the falling sheet of water, under the overhanging cliff. The roar of the cataract was deafening, re calling to mind the words of Revelation-" The sound of many waters, ". mighty thunderings;" the slippery path upon which I was standing seemed to tremble beneath me; the vast liquid curtain was almost within my reach, and stretching upwards one hundred and fifty feet above me-a stone, thrown by my utmost force, seemed scarcely to enter it, but fell, recoiling from its stroke. The position, however, was somewhat dangerous-a false step migut pro: cipitate me into the mighty roaring vortex beneath ; and as I hoped yet to meet loved ones I had left behind, and to engage in the work of my Divine Master, in Australia, I thought it prudent to retire. I returned by way of Clifton House and the "New Suspension Bridge," a graceful, gossamer looking structure, for foot passengers and light carriages, spanning the entire distance from the Canadian to the American side, of 1200 feet, and at an elevation of 190 feet above the river. It was erected at a cost of 175,000 dollars, and is not only of eminent service to the throng of visitors who frequent the locality, but is in itself an object of curious interest, and a crowning ornament, from whatever point it is beheld.-Spectator. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says :-I mentioned the other day the sale of the Yarraville Sugar refinery, the property of Messrs. Joshua Brothers, with all their engage ments in connection with the works, for something like half a million of money. The buyers not only intend to remove their establishment from Sand ridge-dire loss to that port-but to enormously increase the business at Yarraville. This, how ever, is only half the news. A new company is projected here, to take up this apparently profit able business of sugar-refining, and from what I hear, the promoters are likely to ;be suceessful in floating their scheme. But I also hear that the Messrs. Joshua Brothers are now about to remove their large capital from Melbourne, and to throw it into the immense aggregate of money com manded on the Stock Exchange of London, on which their late partner and relative, Mr. E. Sichel, is said to be operating with advantage. The rise of the Brothers Joshua, from the time when they hawked small goods in the streets of Melbourne, through that in which they were suc cessful carriers to and storekeepers on the diggings, to their present height in the colonial world, is really a pleasant example of " what may happen to a man in Victoria." A surgeon has lately published the results of experiments tried by him, which have proved to his satisfaotion that the application of a white hot iron to the body is absolutely painless, while when only red-hot it is an extremely painful operation. When operating with a red-hot iron on,- men. their screaming was fearful, whereas when the iron .was white-hot not a murmur was heard.- When he operated on a horse with white iron:- the animal seemed scarcely to be aware of what he was doing. Mn. HUGE LENNON, the proprietor of the Victorian agricultural implement works, has opened a large factory at North MHel- bourne, in substitution- for the building in Elizabeth-street hitherto utilised for that purpose, the accommodation of which has now become. indequate to the increasingly large trade requirements of its proprietor, aucd.which will now be converted into a show room. - The new building at North Mel bourne occupies: an area of 3 acres, and is well.stocked with- those implements which hiave procured Mr. Lennon's manufactory such celebrity at colonial agricultural shows. Mr. Lennon's implements certainly have t\wo recommendations-they are constructed -of a raw material of a bonrsfide character, in place df imported articles of machinery not -generally famed for durability, and every machine is .reduced to its simplest form, thereby obviating the use of skilled labour in renovation. The new works are most advantageously situated, in close proximity to the North Melbourne railway station, and will benefit equally the public and the proprietor. The latter will be afforded increased facilities for effecting purchases of material in the best markets, and the situation, at the grand terninus of all the Victorian Government Railways, will place indispensable instruments of agri culture within easier reach of the settling population in the more outlying districts. In illustration of the manufacturing capacities of the new building it is sta?ted thant during the present season 700 ordinary ploughs, 100 double-furrow ploughs, and 200 reaping machines will be produced. Employment is given to ninety hands, and among the ap pliances, of which a most complete selection seems to have been made, are twenty-four forges, two furnaces, two steam hammers, and an eighteen horse-power engine. From an illustrated plan of the new works it would appear that they communicate with no less than five lines of rail, viz, ; Gippsland, North-eastern, Echuca, Ballarat and Wil liamstown.--Age. -Tlhe total length of the railways of the United States (remarks the Herald) is said to be nearly 75,000 miles-over three times the circumference of the earth. It would occupy a passenger four month's time, travelling night and day continuously at an average speed of twenty miles an hour, to go over the American railways. At the average speed of the fastest:ocean steamers, it would require over eight months to accomplish the same work. Among recent curious inven tions in the United States is the application of the camera obseura to a railroad car, ira-. parting to the travelling and wondering beholder a moving diminutive picture of the country through .which he is passing. ' The Lncefield Examiner learns that MI: W. J. Clarke has purchased froin Mr. Bagot, who is at ipresent in. Ireland, 10,000 acres of land in that district. Mr. Clarke has ap parently not forgotten thIe intention expressed by himi shortly before leaving the colony, of cutting up the runs, hitherto monopolised by sheep, into farms of sizes suitable for the settlement of intending ftrmers thereupon. lThe land in question is of superior quality, and when subdivided into holdings of mod erate size ought to realise an average rent:of at leanst s ana ncre. - 