rI CRICKET. THE EAST MELUOURNE ELEVEN AT sALE. The match between a team from per haps the premier club of the colony and eighteen of Gippsland, had been antici pated with much interest for some time past by both cricketers and the public, and the attendance on the ground last Saturday was therefore considerable, the ladies mustering in force. The visitors arrived in two detachments by the coach, and at once took un their quarters at Mrs Bryant's, whose efforts for their comfort are fully appreciated. It was found upon a muster being made that the team wits composed of Messrs W. W. Gaggin, L. Goldsmith, C. G. Allee, C. Forrester, T. Horan, WVyndham, D. Wilkie, C. I\I'Far land, Carson, Shaw, and Sillett; umpire, Mr Budd; scorer, Mr Russell. Saturday came with the promise of a roaster, but towards the afternoon the easterly breeze had the eflect of making the day the most perfect onte for cricket we ever remember. The wicket, though slightly bumpy, was in as good order as could be expected, Hull evidently having done all that was possible with the limited meads at his command, Mrs Price acted as caterer during both days of the match, and performed that part of the proceed ings to the entire satisfaction of everyone, the lunch being excellent. The practice which the Mlhbourne men Idid had did not impress their opponents much. Wyndhanm and Aliec, though straight, were not superioi to bowlers they had made good scores against in the district, and though they were conscious how much they fell short in the batting department, it was at least expected that a fair stand would be made. Wilkie, however, was their down. fall, and if a visiting team come to Sale next season, we should imagine our players will not he such a soft thiPgagain, butlearn to play slows, not by standing in their ground and obligingly allowing the field to take the balls off their bat, but walking out and.meeting themi. Of course with such a fielding team Wilkie bowled with great confidence, and his efforts were splendidly backed up, Goldsmith making a beautifill catch at square leg off the slows. At about 12 o'clock the two captains, Messrs. Patten and Wilkie, tossed, and the latter winning elected to send the eighteen in. W. Gusthridgeaud G. Camp bell were the first to stand in what very soon became." the imnminent deadly breach," the East Melbourne team being posted as follows:-Wyndham, bowling; Allee, wicket; M'Farland, point; Horan, short slip; Goldsmith, cover: Forester, long off; Gaggin, nmid off; Sillctt, long stop; Shaw, square leg; and Carson, mid on. Wyndhaim led off with a maiden to Guthridge, and G. Campbell -put Wilkie's second ball away to leg for a brace; he was neatly caught the following ball by M'Farland. The two MI'Leans, C. lIen dersou, and J. Coulson soon fell victims, and the telegraph showed 4-0-3, a state of things anything but rosy for the pro vincials. J. Nicolson stemmed the tide of adverse fortune that had set in for his side, and by some good leg hitting made the top score, eventually being howled in his endeavour to pull an off ball round to leg. The rest of the innings calls for no conlment, as the eighteen only came in to go out again, the slows being very des trnctive, and most of the players shaping at them as if they had nevey seen a bat before. All out for 42, a ridiculous score, but sanguine expectations were indulged that the eighteen would double itin their second att9mpt. After a short interval which was spent in luncheon, and roll ing the ground, the two pioneers of Joli mont, Gaggin and Goldsmith, appeared and were received with the customary three cheers. N. M'Lean bowled at one end and Henderson at the other ; the principal places were filled by Riguey, wickets; J. Coulson, longstop ; Kelsall, point; Camp bell, square leg; J. Nicolson, long leg; and the rest well disposed. Goldsmith received the first over from M'Lean, and made 1 for a good leg hit from the third ball, the play then became ratherslow, ai the bowling was first-class, and the field back ing up well the batsmen had to act on the defensive, and a lesson in patience was given to our representatives. Goldsmith had made 7, when a shooting break-back from M'Lean sent him back. Allee fisl lowed, but after making a good clean fourer he put up a bumpy one in the slips, which was smartly taken by Henderson. For rester was next man, but M'Lean was about, as he had him with a similar ball to that which disposed of Goldsmith. Tommy Horan filled the gihp, and at once settled down to steady play, and between him and Gaggin a good stand was made, and 10, 40, went up, Horan showing that splendid science in placing the ball which has earned for him the reputation of being the best bat in the colony. Such a .treat has not been given the cricket loving por tion of the community for sonic time, and his efforts were heartily applauded, his play on the leg side being particularly neat. About this time, Henderson, whose luck was out, went out in the field, and Nicolson took his place with success, as he dissolved the partnership between the two stickers by bowling Gaggin with a bowling shooter. Wyndham came next, and the field spread out in anticipation of some of his drives, but after making two, MDLean cauiht him in the slips. Wilkie, who was rec~ved with, a special cheer, took his place, and made four singles, when Nicol sonlhad him off his pad. Curtis Ml'Far land then joined Horan, who up to this time had been playing splendidly, never giving the ghost of a chance. M'Farland made a capital leg hit for three, and the next ball Horan was ruol out-rather hard luck, as his wicket was put down by a throw'from the long field. Carson then became M'Farland's partner, just in time to see him beautifully caught by Klsall at point, Shaw got a sitlngle, wn Nor man was too much for hun, and Sillett sharedthe same fate, the innings closing for95, Gippslanders hopeful that their second innings would place them in a large enough majority to yet give their opponents some trouble. A. MiLean and Rigney were their first re presentatives, but if the first innings needed little descriptioh, what shabll we say about the second, when 17 wickets fell for 17 runs? Such a slaughter was never seen befiore8i and it seemed asif the players only went out for the express purpose of allowitg WVlleie to bowl them, no lers than 12 duck eggs being on the- score sheet out of 18. Alice was bowling in good formn; and secured six wickets for three runs. A. McLean and G. Coulson made 6 and 5 respectively, but the latter was missed by Shaw when he had made 2. This result left the visitors victorious in one innings and 36 runs. The fielding on both sides was first-chuss, and the throwing ini excel lent, Goldsmith, McFarland, G. Camis bell, J. Coulson, and Sillett deserving an especial word of praise for their play. A nasty accident happened to Mr W;. Guthridge during the intervaril between the second innings. He was riding on the roller which was being dragged by a num ber of players,.when hlie shlipped under it and before it coult be stopped lhe was? severely crushed; fortunately no houes, were broken, and after some little tine lihe was removed to his residence, where he is' now convalescent. The following is the first day's score: d (tIPPSLAND-FIRST INNINGS. G. Camlpbell, c aggin, b Wilkie ... 2 \VW.P.Guthridge,c M'Farland.bWilkie 0 C. llenderson, c M'Farland, b \'yndham 1 A. M'Lean, b Wilkie ... . ...... 0 e N. M'Lean, b Wilkie ... ... ... 0 J. Coulson, c Wyndham, b Wilkie ... 1 J. Nicolson, b W'yndham ... ... 13 J. Gellion, c M'Farland, b Wilkie ... 0 G. Coulson, c Forrester, b Wyndham 4 II. Macalister, b Wilkie ... ... 1 SR. Clements, c Goldsmith, h \Vilkie ... 0 S. S. Browning, c.Wyndhanm, b Wilkie 1 W. Wells, run out ... ... ... 4 W. Patten, c Gaggin, b WVilkie ... 2 H. Kelsall, c Wyndham, b Wilkie ... 2 A. Rigney, not out .... ... 7 J. M[ontgomery, b Wilkie ... 1 A. Login, c \r yndham, b Wilkie ... 0 Extras . .. ... 3 Total ... ... 42 BOWLING ANALYBl?.-D. Wilkie bowled 82 balls for 20 runs, 12 wickets, and 3 1 maiden overs; Wyndham bowled 84 balls I for 19 runs, 4 wickets, and 5 maiden overs. EAsT MaELoun:NE- FiRST INaiNOGs. Gaggin, b Nicolson ... ... .. 24 Goldsmith, b N. M'Leau .... ... 7 1 Allee, c Kelsall, b N. M'Lean ... 4 Flrrester,,b N. M'Lean . 2.. ... 2 Hloran, run out ....... .....22 Wyndham, c N. M'Lean, b Nicolson... 2 Wilkie, b Nicnlson . ... .... 4 M'Farland, c Kelsall, b Clements ... 5 1 Carson, not out ... ... ... 7 bhaw, b N. M'Leao ... 1.. 1 Sillett, b N, M'Lean .... ... 2 Extras .. .. ... ... 15 Total ... 95 BowLINGo AxssIs.-N. M'Lean bow- . led 144 balls for 46 runs, 5 wickets and 1 2 maiden overs ; C. Henderson, 60 balls for 16 runs, and onu maiden over; J. Nicolson, 67 balls for 15 runs, 3 wickets, and 2 maiden overs; R. Clements, 18 balls for 3 runs and I wicket. GIPPSLAND- SECOND INNINGS. A. M'Lean, c Sillett, b Alice ... ... 6t A. Rigney, b Alicee . ... 0 H. Kelsall, b Alcle ...... ... 0 1 C. Henderson, b Wilkie ... ... t \- Macalister, b Alice ... 1... t G. Campbell, run out ... ... ... 0 H. Clements, Ib w. ... ... 2 J. Nicolson, b Alice ... ... .. S. 8. Browning, 1 b w ... ... 0 W. Patten, c Gaggin, b Wilkie .... 0 J. Coulson, c Sillett, b Wilkie... ... 0 N. M'Lean, st Wyndham, b'Wilkie ... 1 G. Coulson, c Forrester, b Allee ...5 .1. Gellion, st Wyndham. b Wilkie ... 0 1 W. Wells, c Carson, b. Wilkie 3 t J. Montgomery, b Wilkie .... 0 A. Login, not out ... ... ... 0t Total ... ... ... ... 17 1st it ings ... ... 42 Total score ... ...... 59 BoWLING .ANALYsIS.-Allee bowled 49 ' halls for 3 runs, 6 wickets, and 1 maiden; t D. Wilkie, 48 balls for 14 runs, 9 wickets, t and 2 maidens. d It was arranged that a return match c should be played on Monday, but the day r broke so gloomily thiat it was feared cricket would be an nmpossibility. However, about 12 the weather cleared, and at 1 o'clock the loc.ds again essayed to play Wilkie. 'he innings was of a unifturm character with the other two, and though d J. Coulson, Browning and AM'Cubbin made a slight stand, the wickets fell with alarm ing rapidity, Wilkie and ilonran (the u latter bowling for the first, time) being on the spot. The innings closed for 41, and Wilkie sent in the two Os's to wipe off the runms, M'Lean starting the bowling. a A rather sensational feature was given to the game by Goldsmith beina bowled by P a beauty, the second ball. Allee then be came Gaggiu's partner and a good stand was made, the former playing in fine style mostly for singles, some hard hits being well stopped by the field. Gaggin then faced Martin and was bowled off his pads; Forrester was ason sent back, and Horan was unfortunately run out, the ball being t1 well fielded and thrown in by G. Camp- fi bell. Things began to look serious as Wyndham strode to the wickets, and shortly after Allee played one on retiring S for a capitally got 19 without a chance. 5-19-28 shown on the telegraph, and Dan Wilkie looking uncomfortable. M'Far land and Wyndham were now together, and the latter had made a brace when he was again well caught by Kelsall at point. Wilkie only received onte ball, HM'Lean in the slips catching him off his hand. The excitement increased as Wyndham was caught shortly after by Gellion at imid-off, ` Irnd Sillett received his quietus by a-break back from AM'Lean's first ball, 9-0-38 on the telegraph, and Build, the last man, took guard. His first ball was dead on, but by an agricultural hit he got it away d for three to square-leg amidst the delighted 1 shouts of his comnpanions, and the excite ment of all present. Over was now called, C and Budd played the second ball into point's hands, who held it securely, thus making a tie of the game, a result never anticipated by either side. The fielding of the 22- was, if anything, an improve ment on the first day, and the longstopping of J. Coulson was paiticularly good. At the conclusion of the game, three hearty cheers were given for the visitors and as heartily responded to. . Appended are the scores:- i GIPPSLAND. A. M'Lean, b Wilkie .... ... 3 t W. Wells, c Wyndham, b Horan ... O H. B. Kelsall, c Horan, b Wilkie .. 0 E. Martin, b Wilkie G. Campbell, b Wilkie ,?.; ! ";" 0 W. IIarris, e Horin, b Wilkie .... 3 T. Cromb, b Wilkic .... ... ... 0e N.,M'Lean, e Forrester, b Wilkie 0. J.N'icolson, b WYilkie ... ... 0O C. Henderson, run out . t ... O J. M. Coulson, b IIoran ..... .0 A. Rigney, b lIoran . ... I G. Coulson, c Sillett, b 'iioran O R. L. Clements, c Sillett, b IIoran :... 0 W. Patten, st Wyndham, b Wilkie ... 2 J. Gellion, e Wyndham, b Wilkie ...2 S. S. Browiing, c Horan, b Wilkie ...7 1 J. l MacCubbin, b HIoran ... ... 6 W. Borthwick, b WYilkie ... .., II C. Pedlow, b Wilkie ... ... 1 VW. H. Foster, e M'Farland, b Wilkie... 0o B. C. Jones, st Wyadham, b Wilkie ... O0 Extras :.I. ... ... ... 5 Total ... 41 i BowLINGo ANArLrsts.-Wilkie bowled 94 halls for 18 runs, 5 maidens, and 14 wickets; Horan bowled 96 balls for 18 I runs, 7 maidens, and 6 wickets. · EAsT MsILDoUaNE. L. Goldsmith, b hl'Lean :.;. ... 0o WV. Gaggin, b Martin IiJ.i ... 9 C. Allee, b N. M'Lean .·. . 19 C. Forrester, b Martin .. O ''. Horan, run out ... ... .... O I H. Wyndham, c Gellion, b Martin ... 8 C. M'larland, e Kelsall, b MartIn .. 2 1 D. Wilkic, c N. NMLenn, b Martin 0 D. Carson, not out ... ... ... 01 II. Sillett. h N. M'Lenn ...... 0 II. H. nud(l, e Kelsall, h Manritn Total ... ... ...... . 41 t BOWLINGo ANALYSIS--N. M'Lean bowled 78 balls for 28 runs, 1 maiden, and 3 wickets; E. lartin, 81 balls for 13runs, 6 maidens, and 6 wickets. Ou.the evening of Monday, the East Melbourne team were entertained by the Gippaland cricketers at a dinner at Mrs Bryant's Club Hotel. The room was very nicely decorated, and the dinner and ap pointments of first-clwss style, reflecting great credit on the lIostess of the Clul. About 40gentlenuen sat down, the chair being occupied by l r S'aveley, the Presi dent of the Sale Club, having on his right Mr Wilkie, and Mr Patten on his left. After the dinner, which was done cricket ers' Justice to, and the usuld loyal toasts, Mr Staveley proposed the health of the East Melbourne team; coupled with the name t MIr Wilkie. It gave him (the chairman) great pleasure to welcome those gentlemen to Gippsland, and though on this occasion Gippsland had been beaten, lie trusted thlat the nmatch just over would le an annual one, and on the nlext occa sion he hoped Mr Wilkie's slows would not he so destructive. At any rate, whether beaten or victorious, the Chairman as sured his friends, the East Melbourne team, that their reception would be as hearty as Gippslanders could possibly make it. (Loud cheers.) The toast was drunk with musical holnours. ..Mr Wilkie, in replying, said lie thanked 'them for the manner in -which they had drunk the health of his team, and he could assure them that the treatment they had received wsould make Gippsland to them a place, of pleasant memories. It had been his fortune to play cricket in many parts of the colonies, but he would remember his trip to Sale as one of the pleasantest outings he had ever enjoyed; for not only from the cricketers, but fromn the outside public, they had received kind ness they never expected. IHe hoped to make one of a team to Gippsland next year, and when the railway was finished he trusted a Gippaland eighteen would play East Melbourne on their own ground, when he would promise thefil a hearty welcome. (Cheers.) With reference to the match, he was glad to say that nothing could have gone more smoothly, and if his bowlirg had been destructive it would teach the players in the district to prac tice till they mastered the difficulties of it. In conclusion, on behalf of himself and his team, he sincerely thanked the Gipps land people for the hospitable manner in which they had been treated. Mr Wilkie proposed the health of the Gippsland Eighteen, and resumed his seat- amidst loud cheering. Mr Patten responded on behalf of the 18, and said though beaten they intendel to try again. He thanked them for the manner in which they had proposed the toast, and his men were exceedingly glad that they had been visited by a metro politan team. He hoped that whether it was East or South Melbourne (a voice: " Always East Melbourne") who visited Gippsland they would go back satisfied. T'hough defeated, it had been to the Sale team a most enjoyable match, and it would do a great deal of good to cricket in the district by bringing out young players and encouraghng them to practice. Mr Patten resumed his seat amidst great applause. A number of other toasts and songs en livened the proceedings, the whole of the visitors expressing themselves exceedingly gratified with their trip, and promising to return next year. The company did not disperse till the wee sma' hours had well advanced, everything having passed off splendidly, and to the entire satisfaction of everybody. 