IERNE. KEl'ITA-TIVE. II was an agud liecr who sought to gala A silent deathbed upon Tara's sod ; And, ere he yielded up his soul to God, Thus did he utter his prophetic strain : — Allt. If. Erin, thy birthright wepe other than queenly, _ If dull were thy mind, as ignoble thy woes. No power had Fortune to rack thee so keenly By mocking and marring what Nature bestows. Thy blow was for mirth, but tlie rents, of thy mnurning Reveal all tlie furrows thy shame would disguise, And tears ever hang on the fringes adorning T hose orbs that should mirror the depths of the skies. O dowered with gifts as the darling of Heaven, Made rich but to spoil, and made fair to betray ! But the hour is appointed, the Champion is given ; The dark upell that binds thee shall vanish away ! The sound of one voice all thy thousands shall rally ; No threat shall they utter, no sword shall they draw : Mareh, march to your triumph ! while Peace iu her valley Beposes seiene iu the shelter of Lav,-. CHOBUS. Hail, mighty Orator! Hail, wise Defender! Wiping foul attainder fi-om our ancient creed ! Song cannot tell of tliee, Art cannot render Ought whereof the splendour matches with thy deed ! Free as the thunderbolt scAtliiug the offender, Spurning at sunender till thy race were freed ; Dire in debate, and yet as woman tender, Counsellor, befriender of the sons of Need. AN EXILE. RECITATIVE. Hear how, with temperate and dauntless word, He scouted faction and denounced the swoid : — Am. His heart is not of Freedom's hue, His hand is not to Freedom true, Who wears the stealthy dagger at. bin side. Half-hearted patriots ! by you The despot and his crew Are made more strong and well-nigh justified. Oh ! help not those who batten ou your harms By idle muttering and clandestine arms ! Seek not with curses to affray, For Power affrighted is a beast of prey ; And shame will pierce, where menaces rebound Hardening the breast they cannot wound. The calm keen eye fixed on the offender's face (Bather as offering than asking grace), Surer than any dart Can shoot remorse for unrequited wrong So deep into the heart, That startled Conscience weeps for having slept so long. Out on the swoid ! out on tlie sword ! It goads the injustice which it cannot smite. Be Reason's sovereign woid The onlv weapon of your countless throngs ! Swell loud the diapason of our right ! For justice pealing from ten thousand tongues Is as a trumpet of the Lord of Hosts ; The strong-holds of the proud, without a thrust. Fall flat before it, while the dust Mounts from the cruinblcd towers like their departing ghosts. CHORUS. Hail, mighty Orator ! hail, wise Defender ! See., &c.; A PRIEST. He spake and conquered, and he speaketh still ! Out on the sword! out on the sword ! O Erin ! hear thy Liberator's word, And let his warning through thy bosom thrill ! Oh sit not gazing o'er the Atlantic main On those who mart thy miseries for gain ; Trust not the feigning pity that distils Envenomed balm upon thy rankling ills, And urges on the maddened ho6t to close In deadly strife with brothers turned to foes. Look not to Gallia with lier drooping crest, No help hath Gallia in her sad unrest. Yet keep the swoid ! yet keep the swoid ! It is a treasure to be stored Against the day that comes upon the world. ? When from the barbarous North is hurled Tlie thunderbolt of brutal conquerors ; When that fell demon whom thy soul abhors, Wbo stamps tho lieel of military rule On Church and Senate, Guild and School, And clanks defiance in the House of Prayer, (Art thou not there, O Loid r art tliou not there r) Would level into one Imperial waste Whatever Time has built or Virtue graced, — Then, brethren all ! ye brethren all ! The guaidians of Freedom's chosen land ! For your united islands staud, Loclied in the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall ! CHORUS. Ye brethren all ! ye bretlu-en all ! The guardians of Freedom's chosen land ! For your united islands stand, Loclied iu the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall ! 