::-1 ; ATHITIG -;V- BY' CURSOR'; There .can bo no .doubt that a- long icon-! tinned ;run of victory j begets.' indifference, ;' and a contempt for one'a enemies. For two - or three season's the Carltoh'cliib have been at the top of the tree; the Melbourne,; thorigh struggling hard to turn tho tide of victory in their favor, having to succumb to their un doubted skill and. cleverness. Carlton al ways played a clever rather than . a dashing game, and it .was this' skilly in manoeuvring, that' brought them to the pride of place. - Melbourne, on the other hand, were generally1 represented by a team ..of weightier metal, arid one of their rushes was no trifle to' with stand. The Metropolitans, whether by de- jsign or .'.accident; have more of the light weight "agile element in their ranks than formerly, and there being at the same time- a-fair proportion of the heavy brigade, their :team is a better working one than they have put -in the field for some yiears. While Mel- ibourrie has improved, Carlton has retro- jgiaded, the vacancies caused by the retire- merit of such men as Donovan, J. Robertson and others having been filled with very weak material. That rising club— North Mel bourne—too, has done no good to Carlton, as many of the young players, from whom she. could have- recruited her ranks, prefer playing in the first twenty of the North 'to languishing in the second twenty until there is ani opening in , the first twenty of Carlton. The defeat of Carlton at the hands of the hitherto ; unsuccessful Metropolitans has opened the- eyes of the Carltonians to their- weak tail end, and they are! now hard at' work setting their house in order, so that" they may wipe out their recent defeat. Tlieir play last Saturday against the St. Kilda-cuwi-University team was a decided improvement upon that shown in any game : this season. There were close on three thousand spectators present, who evinced the liveliest interest in the play, and, thanks to the gratuitous assistance of two of the park rangers, the space set apart for the players was preserved from the encroachment of the crowd. Greenwood, the captain of the combined team, losing the toss, had to kick to tho westward. From the outset it was plain that the combined, team had not the ghost of a show with the players of the northern suburb, as the ball was kept continually near their goal posts. The ' defenders, though over matched, made a gallant show. Soon,' Rowevcr, Newing, by a fine side kick, scored the first goal for Carlton, and a little later on M'Gill obtained the second goal. Another was kicked in grand style byDedman, but disallowed owing to the posts being shifted during the transit of the ball. After hrilf- i tiirie, had been 'called, things were even more uncomfortable for the combined forces, the leather never getting very far away from their goal. After numerous attempts the .ball was sent in the right direction once by -Lacey and once by Newing, who seems to be superseding Dedman as a goal kickist." ;Thus, Carlton obtained four goals to their lopponlBpts' lu'L . To show . how qomplete the . (Carlton victory vas, it may be mentioned that the ball was never once sent behind their goal. For the losers, _ the good example Green wood, the captain, set by his fine play, was" worthily imitated by M'Donnell, Gellatly and Coldham. Those who rendered them selves conspicuous by. their play for .the victors were Lacey, M'Gill, Gardiner and Newing. Altogether the Carlton men have not shown, better play this season, it being evident that their recent defeat has not at any rate disheartened them; The Farkites journeyed to Geelong on Saturday last, having a very mixed eleven men to -uphold their fortunes.' The visitors mado up their full' number by substitutes. They received ah awful thrashing at tho hands of the Pivotonians, who kicked no less .than, six goals. _ Football has never thriven on the Hill, since' yourig Williams was brought nearly to death's ddor by an accident he received, while playing on the hard ground at the top of Clarendon-street. The parents and friends of those inclined to join in the manly pastime hold up their hands in alarm at the bare idea of any rela tive or friend of theirs indulging in so "brutal a game." While the first twenty of the Park are being beaten," the second twenty are manfully upholding the honors of the club, not having been defeated once during the season. 