THE MERCURY. TVESDA Y MORNING, VER. S, 1S75. Has tlio Sailors' Home Committee, died of in- anition, or is it unostentatiously concentrating its resources,' both physical anti financial, befoie stripping for moro practical work Í We hope the latter position to be the correct one, and that the recent sileuco or inactivity of the com- mittee may not be regarded as an inceptive symptom of prematuro decay. The apparent earnestness with which the movement for tho establishment of a Home in Hobart Town, wits first ushered into existence gavo hopeful promise of ultimate success ; but tho subsequent snail-like progress of the committee formed quite a do pressing contrast. Thuie evidently was too much unmeaning ceremony and elaborate word spinning as compared with the minimum of work performed. But the Sailors' Home move- ment by no means occupies au exceptional or conspicuous position in this respect, for asimilar taunt might be applied to almost every undertaking, whether 'of a public or private nature, that would tend to the advancement of Tasmania, either in a political, social, or moral degree. Not because miscarriage is wilfully pre- meditated, but because oui'constitutional apathy predominates over and prostrates all our factitious ardour. Our initiatory proceedings are almost invariably accompanied by din and declamation-they must bo heralded by the ching of sounding brass and tinkling cymbals ; but in nine cases out of every ten, all subsequent accompaniment is performed on muffled drums. Mattera are managed some- thing bettor in the sister Colonies, where word-spinning is resorted to only as an auxiliary to further somo great public move men, and where all apparent earnestness is quickly valued as meretricious, if it does not assume an essentially practical form. The recent opening of a Sailor's Homo at Port Adelaide affords an apt illustration of this assertion. From the report which was read on the occasion, it appears that the Princo Alfred Sailors' Homo was erected in commemoration of tho first land- ing of a British Princo in Australia ; the memento assuming that peculiar form, inasmuch as such a building had long been desired at the Port. The Home havingbeuu named after the Sailor Prince, advantage was taken of Prince Alfred's second visit to Adelaide to solicit His Royal Highness formally placing the first stone, a ceremony which waa performed on the 18th of February, 18G9, and at a period at which the site had not been i eclaimed from inundation. On the 30th of July, 18G!), a tender for £0,350 was accepted for the erection of the building, and the contractors would have been subsequently urged to more speedy completion of their work had not the committee felt hampered for the want of funds. In August, 1872, on the motion of Mr. H. Kent Huuuks, Parliament voted a grant of £2,000, so that subscribers were again encou- raged to assist the institution, ltecont con- tingent offers enabled the committee to bring the £2,000 list to such a position that on receipt from England of £400 (liberally assigned by the lute Mr. H. G. Harrington) the Home will be out of debt. To this result the Government grant largely contributed, the sum of £400 odd yet to be received from the Crown making au aggregate amount of £3,000. Tho sum of £500 having been set down us payment for Government mercantile marino or shipping offices, to bo permanently located in tho building, tho Government aid compared,, with piivato donations will bo in the proportion of about 8s. in the pound sterling. The receipts for this praiseworthy undertaking are sot down thus : Laud, £000 ; Government aid, £2,D!)i) ; private donations, £5,01!) ; making a total, imwpoctlvo of 'odd shillings and ponce, of £8,218 ; and the payments weiu-Lund, £000; roadway, etc., £301. ;, expenses connected with the'building, £7,577 ; and sundries, '£09. The building con- tains twenty-five furnished dormitories, thirteen others being available whenever required ; tho upper floor, ultimately intended for additional dormitories, remains as yet untouched. It is intended that the Homo «hull combino business with bouovolunco, looking to so.imon for a moderate payment in exchange for board and lodging, aud at tho same timo looking to the sincure'woll-wishers of seaman for provision by subscription!of the'extra ioxpensu of manage- ment, and also of " appliances for fostoring in tho'ininds of sailors that self- respect and sen.so of responsibility which are sp desirable." The report conchides ' by an admirable sugges- tion, to the effect that owners of ships regularly trading to the Colony would do well to ougago scan ion for the outward voyage only ; because, it is argued, tho discharge of seamen in the Colony in conformity with their agreements "would curtail tho lawless and secret means too frequently adopted under the instigation of interested parties, for violating theso agreements. " In other woids, tho engage- ment of seamen for tho outwuid voyage only would unnristakeably sti-iko a death blow at the nefarious business of the colonial land-shark and crimp. The particular class of men tor whom theso Homes aro intondod, should be made to realise the fact in a practical manner, that their services aro duly appreciated by their brethren ashore ; or, to uso the words of His Excellency tho Govornpr of South Australia, "landsmen must admit how much they owe to sailors as a class, remembering how little they as landsmen did for their comfort or welfare. Sailors wore peculiarly situated, had no settled home, und might be said to bo living on lloatiug bridges, touching each shore at viu'ious moments, therefore it was well to show thom that they considered thurn as mun lind brethren, and quite as much entitled to attention as others whose services were necesHuiy." It is smcouoly Imped that our local committee, will successfully mid Riitisfuctorily carry out tho good work which thoy liuvu commenced, and not be content with half completing such a noblo undertaking. Groat stress has boon laid on the i difficulty of obtaining a suitable building, but wo ui'u of opinion that if u littlu moro energy wore employed there would bo no necessity to huvo rccourso to the out-of-the way, lickotty, and cheerless building which it is intended to occupy as a Sailor's Homo. Why not follow the examplo of Adelaide, and purchase a site whereon to erect a suitable building which after a short interval would become self- support- ing î Surely there are many weitltby «¡tuons who would willingly contribute towards such a truly philanthropic purpose. There ia a palpable earnestness about the working of the Adelaide Committee which cannot bo discerned in tho dallying action of the Hobart Town body ; and so long as this slip-shod hesitation continues, poor Jack-about whose sufferings such " goody" speeches have been made from time to time will remain a victim and a sufferer. His friends, however, would do well to remember that" "The degeneracy of seamen, of which we hear so much, we more than Buspect arises from the fact that they aro treated moro as machines, from which the last ounce of power is to be extracted than as men possessing the hopes, desires, and interests of our common humanity. Let the seamen feel that his employer takes an interest in his welfare, and is anxious to appor- tion his wages to the ability and steadiness of his conduct ; and, above all, that he will not be required to do the work of two men for the pay of one, and we will venture to say that as respectable a class of men will be forthcoming as those in commercial life, who aro encouraged ' by the same hope of that reward that sweetens I labour." Such regeneration in the daily life of tlie sailor ashore, both as regards habit and moral culture, can be materially assisted, if not , wholly effected, by the establishment of Homes in every poit of any note. The English Mail.-Towards mid-day yester- I day the hoUting of the blue flag at the Town Hall and Battery Point flagstaff, intimated the arrival of tbe English mail at Glenelg, which it was ascer- tained she had (12 hours behind time) reached the previous evening, though it took lo horn's to bring tidings of the fact on to Hobart Town. The Nubia is allowed 12 hours at Glenelg, and 49 hours on her passage to Melbourne, and therefore will probably not reach Melbourne till Wednesday morning instead of this (Tuesday) evening, in which caso, as wo anticipated yesterday, the Hobart Town portion of the mails will not be delivered till Friday morning. Our "Late Governor.-The Northumberland, s.S., that sailed from Melbourne on tho 5th of De- cember, is reported as having arrived in England on tho 4th Februai y. Having made the passage home in 61 days. It will bo in the leeoDcction of our readers that our late Governor, Mr. Du Cane, with his wife and family, were passengers, from Holbourne to London, by the Northumberland. Teleorai'Hic Feat.-What we yesterday morn- ing stated as probable, had actually taken place.* The Koyal mail steamer Nubia had arrived, not off, but al Glenelg, Adelaide, on Sunday evening ; and, though our telegraph office was that evening open hours after the arrival of the Nubia at Glenelg, the fact was not made known hore. The sacredness of the Sabbath was, wo presume, tho reason why the operators, though at their post, and, probably, whistling for want of thought, or paring their | nails for want of something else to do, were not allowed to pass the news of an oveut interesting to all Tasmania, even if it did not come within the matters of lifo or death. Till moro liberal ideas regulate the conduct of the telegraphic department, aud the question of tho necessity of a message is left to be regulated by the sender, thinking it of sufficient importance to pay double fees for, its transmission on Sundays, we suppose we must be content to be cut off from the continent of Aus- tralia for thirty-six consecutive hours every week. But our complaint does not end here. The Nubia was at Glenelg on Sundny evening at S o'clock. Making allowance for the' time occupied in repeating the message at the several stations wlieio this is required to ho done, ten minutes should have been sufficient to have allowed tho arrival of tho Nubia to be known here. Yet, incrediblo though it may seem, no intimation of the fact was lcceivod in Hobart Town till after 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon. There was thus culpable negligence somewhere, and the Minister in charge of the department (Mr. Fysh), and tho Superintendent of Telogiaphs (Mr. Packer), will fail in their duty to the publio if an explanation of the great and unnecessary delay, and au assurance against its repetition, bo not given. The telegraph loses half its worth if tho transmission of news occupies as many hours as minutes should bo sufficient. ' The Huon Biiidoe,-The Minister of Lands is at present in the Huon district, and we hoar'it reported from that quarter that his examination of the bridge now iu course of erection over tho River Huon at Victoria, has shown a very unsatisfactory state of matters, and that should make tho colony thankful that the Huon bridge is piobably the last public work that will be entrusted to promoters. However unpleasant it may be to that gentleman, wo hope he will justify the public conlidenco placed in him, and protect the colony from the consequences of tho négligence or otherwise of tho promoters of the Huon bridge, aud insist at all hazards ou the specifications being carried out. Tin: Wueck at Kino's Island.-As mentioned iu yesterday's issue, the Commissioner of Trade aud Customs in Melbourne, telegraphed to the Colonial Secretary on Saturday, reporting the wreck of tho Blencathra on King's Island, mid telegrams have since been received from the same source, reporting the arrival of the master in Melbourne on Saturday evening. The master reports that the vessel is fast on the rocks, that her bottom is knocked in, but he thinks that if prompt steps aro taken by the agents and other parties interested, a considerable portion of the cargo will probably be saved. The vessel is reported to be nearly 1000 tons register, and, as already said, was bound from GlaBgow to Sydney with a large general cargo, consisting of beor, spirits, and other dutiablo goods. In consequence, tho Customs authorities lu Melbourne had ordered several officers from their department to proccd at once to' King's Island, to protect the Victorian Customs ltovenue, and tho Biuno persons have been appointed officors in the. Customs Department in Tasmania for the time being, to protect the Customs Revouue of this colony. More Mishemesestation.- We pointed out the other day the ignorance and the recklessness of assortion by which writers in the other colonies illustrate their pet theoi ¡es, by dragging iu a refer- ence to Tasmania, whose condition is made to support tho most absurd theories and untenable positions. We havo had our attention directed to another display of gross ignornnco of Tasmania on the part of one who might havo boen expected to bo moro careful. By a tulse stutpmont in support of his argument, ho places ».weapon in the hands of his adversaries. In the Sydney Morning Jferidd pi the 2'Jth ult., ono who signs himself "W. Ellis, Sooretary Sydney Progressive Society of Carpenters and Joiners," indulges in upwards of a column of Î(latitudes in favour of the movement with which le is identified. With theso in 'the abstract, we take no exception. After illustrating his position hy a reference to foreign countries, among others Spain and Portugal, legarding which he evidently knows less than even nf Tasmania ; ho says, " We havo only to look at one of our own colonies, Tasmania, whero the hours of labour aro larger and tho wages lower than any of the others ; a country tliat has everything to mako it great, but through bud legislation, and the ignorance of the working classes, they are by far worse off' than the' lowest class pf crowded England." Passing over tho partly unintelligible English of the lultur writer, and granting that the working classes in Tasmania are in tho condition desci Died, what is the conclusion j to bo drawn from tho argument, of " W. Ellis, i Secretary 1" It is that ho has proved the fuyerpo of what he intended. If,the Tasmanian workmen uro so abject and miserable, it is not in the absence , of the 8 hours' system, but because it prevails, for it regulates tho trade of the carpenters and joiners in Tasmania. » , . ,, Too Gniiunr nv Eau.-On tho nth matant an advertisement appealed iu tho Mercury, offeiiiiga reward of live pounds for the recovery of a pocket book containing private momos and letters. Ab the contents aro of.no poasiblo use to 'anyone but ' the owner, and the' linder may,"f rom their nature, think that a higher reward will bo offered, it may bo as well that ,ho or sha should know that a full ex- planation has prevented any oxpected mischief fi oin exposure, and that so far from any higher reward being given, oven that offered will be withdrawn after to-morrow. . What can You Expect op a Tasmanian Native !_Though judging fioin a letter that »p- I pearod in yesterday's Mercury, some interlopers , among us snoer at Tasmanian natives, even whilo they demean themselves to oat Tasmanian movided bread, those who do not move through the world with their eyes shut, or blindfolded by ignorant and norrow- miUded préjudice, can better appreciate tho cnorgy and enterprise of the Tasmaniens, who havo dono so much towards the colonization of Victoria, Queensland, and New Zealand. The name of Mr. Joseph Clarke is well-known in Victoria and Now Zealand, in both of which ho holds largo possessions, and this native-born Tasmanian has just acquired tho proporty of Lolsworth, on the Konnody in Queensland, which comprises a tidy little statiou of 5117,000 acres, with a nest egg of 8,000 cattle. Some idea of Mr. Clarke's Queensland proporty will be obtained whou wo montion tho fact that its acreugo slightly exceeds a thirty-sccond-part of all Tasmania, ilicluding its numerous islands. .,.,.". Tjik Invalid Dki'ût.-We understand' that His Excellency the Governor intends inspecting tho Invalids' Depot, Brickfields, this afternoou, at half past 2 o'clock. Tun Bishop of Hoiivht Town and His Visitobs in tub North.- His Grace the Arch Bishop of Sydney, accompanied by tho Bishops of Hobart Town and Maitland, aud by Dr. Colletti aud the Itevs. Mossrs. Buchiiior, left Cumpboll Town for Launceston by special train on Thursday last. Their Lordships expiessed themselves much pleased with their fust rido on the " Main Lino," and with the kind courtesy of Mr. Fincham, of Camp- bell Town, as well us of Mr, Grant, who, with Mr. Gillios, Minister of llnilwnys, Viotoria, was also on tho train, en tonto for Westbury and Deloraine. The Swataiia.-AVu understand that Captain Chandler has invited a party of friends to accom- pany him on Thursday next in the U.S.S. S watara, on a trip up the river, to a poiut opposite the Elwick racecourse. . , Mb., an» Mbh. Hoskin».-This, talented k couple will take their departure to- day for Sydney by the s.u. City of Hobart. The Ghost Mystery Solved.-At last we bave a solution of that pseudo phantom which has for several nights past attracted a crowd of people to tho neighbourhood of St. George's burial ground, and which some persons have been foolish* enough to imagine was a "ghost." On Sunday evoniug, about a quartor to 10 o'clock, Captain Williams, formerly of the Kestrel, with two relatives, was passing up the Sandy Bay road, when be heard screams coming from the directiou of Mr. Osborue'a house. On going there, he found ' two young women in a fainting condition, occasioned, as ho afterwards found, by their having seen the some- thing in white, popularly known as "theghost." Captain Williams, who was assisted by a young man,at once began searching in tho paddock adjoin-' ing, and amongst the briar bushes he found a white r.kirt, a white hood, and a pair of Btftys.' Then they espied a white object at the back of the fence,' and pursuing it, sodn fouud that it was a young, woman. She had a companion iu the shape of a young man, who it seems had been wearing the skirt and hood, but had quickly thrown them off, and decamped, the darkness enabling him to get away along St. George's Hill. The young woman was thus left alone ; and in reply to Capt. Williams, she said that herself and the young man had been attracted to the spot by the criei of the two females who had been frightened, and that the young man had ran away because Captain Williams called out "shoot him, shoot him," which that gentleman positively denies having done. In reply to another question, the young woman said her companion's Christian name was Arthur, but she did not know his surname. Later in'the evening, however, she went to Captain William«'» house, and gave that gentleman a card, with the name " Arthur-" thereon, saying that that was the name of her companion, who wished to see Captain Wdliams at his office the next morning. Captain Williams remarked to her that it was very strange she should have the card of the young man whom ho believed confidently to be the "ghost," and asked her why the person whose name it on the card did not 'Caine personally instead bf sending her* ? The . girl merely replied that sho did not like to givo his name at first, because Captain Williams might think he was the " ghost" which that'gentlemata unquestionable does believe. He infqims us also that he saw another young man and woman in Osborne's garden, near the side of the fence, and also a third young man, and he believes that the "ghost" affair was a planned thing amongst the lot of them The neighbours state that the "ghost" has always started on his brief tour from or near Osborne's garden, which is an excellent place for escaping, as the fence can easily be jumped over, and the trees act as a screen from any searchers. The above particulars have been reported to the police, and no doubt steps will be taken to punish the parties guilty of this absurd but dangerous freak. ^ Tr.our Fishing at North West Bay River. Mr. John Tabor, of the Longley Inn, Huon Road, yesterday forwarded to The Mercury office a fine specimen of tiout, weighing 1 lb. 11 o¿. Mr. Tabor mentioned in an accompanying note :-" The trout was captured yesterday by two children who were bathing in the river close by this place. As it is the first fish of the kind from this quarter, I beg your acceptance,of it, hoping before you try its flavour that some of those gentlemen interested in acclimatization may be enabled to sea it, and learn that within twelve miles of Hobart Town they can get a good day's sport with, the rod." Several persons resident in the, neighbourhood reported that they had seen a great many similar fish in the river, and Mr. '"¿abor vouches for the fact that tho sti earn is well stocked, 'and that he also had seen very huge trout. , TASMANIAN'SrEiM NaVIOATION COMPANY,-At the half-yearly genera] meeting of shareholders yesterday, there was a good attendance, The report presented showed that the affairs of the company were ina -satisfactory condition, A divi- dend of 8 per cent!, and a bonus of 5s. per share, equal to 13 per cent, were declared, and authority was given to the directors to dispose of the s.s, Southern Cross, or any other of the company's boats. The retiring directors and auditors were re-elected. Escaped Prisoner.-On Saturday afternoon last a prisoner named Thomas Fleming, undergoing a sentence of 12 months for larceny and absconding, made his escape while employed in the gnng at the Government Gai deua. He took with him a coat and hat,belonging to one of 'the masons working (.there. Nothing lias been heard of'bim since his .escape. A RUNAWAY BULLOCK.- Yesterday afternoon as Mr. C. Cantwell was driving a mob of cattle to the Slaughter Yards, the dogs attacked one of the bullocks, and so exasperated the animal, that he jumped into the creek at Hohne's Tannery, and continued its course as far as the Old Wharf, where he got out, and rushed into the street, tossing a child of Mrs. Pretty, that happened to be in the way. The animal then rushed into the Old Treasury Building Yard, were some children were collected. On seeing him rushing towards them, the children run under an empty waggon standing in the yard. The bullock charged furiously at the waggon, but failed to reach the children. He then rushed into a passage leading from the yard into the street, where his exit was impeded by a number of drays standing there. A considerable crowd of people at once collected, and both by shouting and pelting stones, drove the animal into a perfect state of fury. He charged several times at the fence, and at last made his way into Campbell street, through a passage at the wharf side of the yard, and rushed onward. A little girl crossing the street had the presence of mind to lie down, and the bullock passed on up the street, and eventually turned towards the Domain, where he was lost sight of. Sudden Death.-Shortly after five o'clock last levelling a man named George Wells, a shipwright, .in the employment of Mr. .1. McGiegor, on reaching , shore, after having completed a day's work on board the Swatara, was seized with a sudden fit of coughing, which caused a blood vessel to burst. This beiug'obaerved by the bystauders, they sent for a cab, and Wells was promptly placed in it. After the cab bad proceeded a short distance it was diacoverod that the poor fellow had died. The body of tho deceased was taken to his late home, at Mr. McGregor's shipyard. We believe that the deceased leaves a wife and six children. Collision.- Yesterday afternoon, while a buggy and pair, belonging to Mr. Joshua Moore, was standing outside the |Ca><ade Brewery, the homes suddenly took fright, and bolted down Macquarie .street at a furious rate, coming into collision with' a coal cart stauding in the utieet. The buggy was almost smashed to pieces,- and one of the horses severely injured. Doo Poisoned..-Yesterday evening a valuable dog belonging to Mr. Robert Wallace, of 201, Murray-street, was poisoned. A good olue has been obtained as to tho perpetrator of the act, and it is to be hoped it will be followed up. Hospital Patienm.-The patient Ling continues in about the same precarious state. Johnson's condition is, however, slightly more favourable than at the time of our last report. Police Court.-At tho Police Court yesterday the Police Magistrate gave his decision in the charge against ton seamen ot the vessel Sarah Pyle, for refusing to work. The coso was one iu which a great deal of evidence, in some pat ts of a rather contradictory character, had been hoard. Mr. Tarleton, however, decided that the charge against the priaoueis had been sustained, but acquitted Ryan, on the plea of sickness. The other nine he sentenced to four weeks' imprisonment, with hard labour. Puulicvtion Ri.i'1'.iVKU.-Mr. S. Mullun, of 53 Collius-stioet East, Mulbomuo, Jniç ».eut ua a fiopy of his classified catalogue of school, college, and tosliiiie.il educational works, a little book of over thirty pages. Tin: Sydney Cricketmis,-To-day the members of the Albert Cricket Club, Sydney, having com- pleted their Tasmanian engagements, will leave for Sydney hy the steamship City of Hobart. The Ev!>rERN Evi'kssion Au.iruuAsiA, and China Thi.EunÁPii Company, Limited.-Number of paid telegrams transmitted through this company's cable from Port Darwin, for the wook ending Friday, January 2!lth, 1875 : Sent from the colonie* : South Australia, 7 ; Victoria, 24 ; Now South Wales, 14 ; Queens- land, 2 ; Tasmania, 0;'New Zealand, 10; West Australia, 0 ; total, 57. Sent to the colonies: South Austialia, 5 ; Victoria, 2(i ; New South Wales, l8 : Queensland, 2 ; Tasmania, 0 ; New Zealand, 8 ; West Austialia, 0 j total, 5!1. Total number of messages, 116. Mtssisa Link Lowie, No. 15, I.O.G.T_At the ordinary mooting of tho above lodge on Monday, 1st February, tho uudei mentioned ollicors wore duly installed by W.C. Bin. Ellis, assisted by Bro. BarrettasG.W.M. .-Bro.». Murray,W.C.T. ¡ Bro. Isaao Cohen, W.V.T. ; Sister MoAithur, W.3. j Sister Burton, W.F.S. ; Sister Crocker, W.T. ; Bro. MoArtbur, W.O. ; Bro. Daniels, W.M. ; Bro, J. Buoy, W.I.G. j Bro. Hacket, W.O.G. j Sister Murray, W.D.M. ; Sister Uiley, W.R.H.S. j Sister Knight, W.L.H.S. By a resolution passed at the I meeting, it was tesolved that a public meeting be I held on Wednesday, 10th February; for the advocacy of temperance, when a deputation from the Grund Lodgo will preside. ' Gonn Tkwluis.-The,us|inl monthly meeting of;, the Excelsior Lodge of Good Templars was held* last ovoning in the People's Hall, Bathurat-street. ' There was only a moderate attendance. Mr. S, Mather occupied tho chair, and was supported by Mr. Noah. Several appropriate addresses were delivered, on the subject of temperance, by Messrs, Noah, Hunt, Andrews, and others. Citv MisiioNA'tv.-Written applications will bo received by the committee of tile llobartTowu City Mission, up to 4 o'clock ou Thursday, the 4th of Mardi, from persons willing to uudurtaku the duties of City Missionary. Leituiie uv the Hbv. J. W. Inulih.-A lecturo entitled " An Evening with old Frieuds,'' will; he deli vol ed by the ltev. J. W. ,liujün, ,at tho Odd Fellow's Hall, ou next Monday evening, tho 15th iust. The lecture will be illustrated, by a series of choice readings from various authors. The Hen. J, Whyte will,preside on the oocasiou. ,, , Insufficiently Stamped.-Mr. J.,0. Lord; 13 Letter Box, Wellington, New Zetland';' Oeot¿ Oates, Esq., Macquarie-street, Sydney. Singular Accident at a Cricket Match.-Our Launceston Correspondent writing,on Saturday evening, says :-A singular accident occurred on the ground of the Launceston Cricket Club this after- noon, during the progress of the match Northern Tasmania vermin Albert Club, Sydney. In the second innings of the Northean team, Mr. George Bailey, the top scorer for his side in both innings, bit a ball from the wicket high in the air, which pitched right into the centre of the ladies' pavilion, causing great consternation to the fair occupants, which greatly increased on its being found that a little girl had been struck violently on the face, and momentarily stunned. The little girl was carried out of the pavilion, and the play Doing stopped, considerable commotion and alarm was caused amongst tho spectators on the ground, which was happily soon allayed on its being discovered that the injury was not of a serious nature, as although the ball had grazed the girl's face, causing considerable contusion, she had escaped any further injury. Had the ball, with the force with which it was driven, struck the girl full in the face, the consequences would probably have proved fatal. Volunteer Artillery Öorps.-An adjourned meeting of persons interested in the reorganisation of a local Volunteer Artillery Corps, will be held at Beaumont's Hotel,.Liverpool-street, at eight o'clock this evening. The Elwick Races.-It ¡b notified by advertise- ment that the steamer Enterprise will make special trips to the race-course on next Thursday aud Friday. The vessel will leave Kangaroo Point at half-post ten o'clock a. ni., and Hobart Town at 11 o'clock. The City School.-A meeting of old scholars will be held at the school on next Wednesday evening, at half-past eight o'clock, for the purpose of arranging for the old scholars' rowing match. New Native Youth Gold Minino Company. Mr. Price, the legal manager (says yesterday's Chronicle), informs ub that on Friday 96 more ounces of amalgam were taken off the plates, making a total of 741 ounces. The quantity in the boxes is likely to make the next cake of gold over 300 onnces. The washing up to-inorrow will show this. ' Mr. Garnet Walch. - "A great audience," says the Arnim of Friday, " last night filled the Opera-house in every part. The occasion was for the benefit of Mr. Garnet Walch, the author of the Opera-house pantomime, which has proved to be a great success. The attendance spoke weil for the esteem in which its author is held. The entertain- ment provided was both lengthened and varied." Scientific Conference at Melbourne.-The Argu» of Friday says :-The conference of the astronomers who undertook to observe the transit of Venus from stations in this part of the world, will probably be held in Melbourne about the 22nd inst. The U.S.'frigate Swatara has returned to Hobart Town, and Mr. Ellery and the American party are' now engaged every evening in the determination of the exact longitude of the Victorian and Tasmanian observing stations. The Swatara will come to this port about the 18th inst. Mr. Ellery has written to the observing parties in New Zealand, New South Wales, and South Aus- tralia, requesting their presence at the conference, when the results of the observations can be com pared. Liohthouke on KiKfi's Island.-Tho Argus of Thursday contains the following :-" The ex- pedition, consisting of the' chief harbour master, Captain Payne, R.N., Captains Stanley and Barnard, U.N., who left in the Pharos on Monday evening last for King's Island, for tho purpose of considering the question of the erection of a light- house at Point Netherby, returned to towu yester- day morning. Tho steamer left Hobson'« Bay at 4 o'clock on Monday evening, and arrived at the island about 7 o'clock tho following morning. The expedition proceedod at once to Point Netherby, which lies immediately to the northward of Currie Harbour. During the stay made there an oppor- tunity was afforded of viewing tho outlying dangers from Point Netherby to New Year's Island, also the outlying dangers off the Har- binger and Navarine rocks, which lie to the north of New Year's Island. The gentlemen composing the expedition lauded at Currie Harbour, and saw there the men engaged in saving the cargo of the British Admiral, which was wrecked on the Island. The Nowra, a vessel of 54 tons, was in the harbour, only requiring about 15 tons to complete lier cargo of goods rescued from the wreck. The Secret and the steamer Sarah were also in Currie Harbour. The mon composing the parties on the island reported "all woll," but stated that the weather had been very unfavourable for diving operations. Whilst the Pharos was at the island there .was a heavy south-west swell on all the time. After a thorough examination of the locality, tho expedition left about 10 o'clock on Tuesday after- noon, and procoeded to Capo Wickham, with a view of communicating with the lighthouse at that point, The lighthouse keeper, who Is under the orders of Captain Barnard, as master-warden of the Hobart Town Board of Marine, came on board the Pharos ; Captain Barnard having transacted this business with him, the Pharos left about half past 4 o'clock, and arrived at the Heads at half past 3 yesterday morning, and anchored in the bay at 8 o'clock. During the trip the weather was fine, hut there was a confused nasty sea on all the time. The conclusions arrived at by tho three naval authorities as regards the necessity for tho erection of a lighthouse, they do not foci at liberty at present to publicly divulge, but they will each report to the Victorian Govennent on the subject, and Captain Baruard will also furnish a report to his own Government. In tho meantime thoy havo been 'appointed a commission to consider the question, and will hold their sittings in Melbourne, for the purpose of receiving suggestions from the Chamber of Commerce, and others interested in the matter. " ; A Convulsion of Nature.-The Japan Ga-.etle of August 22nd contains the following :-" Many rice and vegetable fields have been laid waste by a volcano near Izamura, which has been actively engaged in vomiting forth ure and smoko high into the air. One hundred and eight houses were buried by falling sand. For a period of 10 days, tho dis- charge of ashes continued with unabated fury. Three mountains rose from a plain, one covering an .area of two and a half square milos, and 1,800 feet high. A tract of land rose from the ocean 1,800 by 480 yards square, and connects with the coast." 