MR. IllVING AS HAMLET. A NEW CONCEPTION. (condcnsri) FROM Till: 1IO.MK nkws.) The great event of the past mouth in the thrcutrical world has been the appearance of Mr. Irving at the Lyceum Theatre ; anil the occasion drew together one of the most hrilliuut and crowjlcd audiences which have been seen within the walls of a metropolitan theatre for many years past. Playgoers were anxious to witness the Shakespearian abilities of the actor, who by his performances of Mathies, Charles the hirst, and Eugene Aram, had led them to believe that he was the actor tor an idea! Hamlet, and would give them an adequate representation of workings of moral poison, aud they instinctively felt that bis Hamlet would be true one. The' did not argue and discuss as Germans do; they diu not gesticulate and prate like French men ; but, like sturdy, honest Englishmen, resolute iu their convictions, they crowded to the doors of the Lyceum Thcutre at half-post three in the afternoon, prepared to struggle for a performance which could not close before midnight. Here were devotion, impulse, interest. IT the drama was to die, the public resolved it should not perish without an hernia struggle for the rescue, f an honest ambition was paramount, it should not lack recognition, it was un audience which will long he re membered. Par more important than the presence of the interested occupiers of stall and boxes, was the sight of the unre served portions of the house— pit and gallery, containing, as tlicy did, members of that class which is the best fri »nd to the drama. The audience that assembled to welcome Mr. Irving was a great protest against the threatened decline of the drama iu a country which is becoming more and more educated every day. The preliminary business on the plat form is over, and at Inst enters Hamlet, when we see before us a prince, in thick- ribbed silk and a jacket or paletot edged with fur; a tall, imposing figure, so well dressed that nothing distracts the eyo from the wonderful face; a costume rich aud simple, and relieved alone hy a heavy chain of gold; but, above and beyond all, a troubled, wearied face displaying the fust effects of morn! poison. The black disor dered hair is carelessly tossed about the forehead, hut the fixed and rapt attention of the whule house is directed to the eyes of Hamlet ; eyes which denote the trouble, which tell of the distracted niiudr The first act is over, and those win have seen other Hamlets are aghast. Mr. Irving is missing his points, he is neglecting his op portunities. None can explain it"; hut all now are spellbound as the second act com mences. The Hamlet is " thinking aloud." He is as much of the gentleman and scholar as possible, and as " little «f the actor." His soliloquies arc not spoken down at the footlights to the audience. Hamlet is looking into a glass, into " his mind's eye, Horatio." IIis eyes are fixed apparently on nothing though ever eloquent. lie gazes on vacancy and com munes with his conscience. Those only who have closely watched Hamlet through the first act could ade quately express the ituprcsriou made. But it affected the whole audience. They do not know how it is, hut tlicy arc spellbound with the incomparable ex pression of moral poison. The second net ends with nearly the sa nc result. There is not an actor living attempting Hamlet who has not made his points in the speech, " Oh ! what u rogue and peasant slave am 1 1" But Mr. Irving's intention is not to make points, but to give a consistent read ing of a Hamlet who u thinks aloud." llumlctis .suffering from moral poison, and the spell woven about the audience is more mysterious and incomprehensible in the second act than the first. In the third act the artist triumphs. No more doubt, no more hesitation, no more discussion. If Hamlet is to he played like a scholar and a gentleman, aud not like an actor, this is the Hamlet. The scene with Ophelia turns the scale, and the success is from this instant complete. But it was not the triumph of au actor alone; it was the realisation of all that the artist had been showing. Every voitfc cheered, and the points Mr. Irving had lost as an actor were amply atoned for hy his earnestness as an artist. Fortified with this genuine and heart-stirring applause, lie rushed at his work with enthusiasm. IIis labour had not failed. He had been understood at last. To have broken down here would have been disheartening ; but he had triumphed. The specuii to the play ers was Mr. Irving's second success lie did not sit down and lecture. There was no affectation or princely priggish- ness in the scene at all. lie did not give his ideas of art us a prince to an actor, hut as an artist to an artist. Mr. Irving, to put it colloquially, button-holed the First Player. He spoke to him confiden tially, a s otic mau to another. He stood up and took the actor into his confidence with a '.half- dcfcrentiul smile, as much as to say, " I do not attempt to dictate to an artist, but still these are my views on art." But wifth all tins there was a princely nir, a kindly courtesy, and an exquisite ex pression of refmcmcnt which astonished the house as much from its daring as its truth. Mr. Irving was gaining ground with marvellous rapidity. His exquisite expression of friendship for Horatio was no less beautiful than his stifled passion for Oph clia. For the one lie was the pure and coimtaut friend, of the other the baffled lover. Determined not to be conquered by his predecessors, he made a signal success in the pi lay scene. IIo lured, he tempted, he trapped the King, he drove out his wicked . uncle conscicnce-strickcu and Imfllcd, 'and with an hysterical yell of triumph he sank down, " this expectancy and rose of the fair State," iu the very throne which ought to have been his, and which his rival had just vacated. It is difficult to describe the excitement oc casioned by the acting in this scene. When the Kin£ has been frighted, the stage was cleared instantaneously. No .one in the house knew how the people got off. All eyes were fixed on Hamlet ana .the King, forgetting the real play and the tnock play, following up every move of the an tagonists, and from constant watching they were almost ns exhausted as Hamlet was when he sank a conqueror into the throne- It was all over now. Hamlet 'tad won. He would take the ghost's word for a thousand pounds. The clouds cleared 'Yom his brow. lie was no longer in d uVt or despair. He was the victor alter tnis mental struggle. The effects of the noral poison had passed away, and he nt- tacked Roscncrantz and Gmldcnstcrn in the ncordcr scene with a sarcasm and a withering scorn which were among the results of a reaction after punt-up agony. Hut 1 his tremendous act even now was not yet over. There was the closet scene still to come — a scene which still further illustrated the daring defiance of theatrical tradition exhibited by. Mr. Irving. If the Hninlct was to he a mental study it should he so to the last. The actor who could conquer pre judices so far was hound to continue, and when the audience looked at the arras for the pictures, or round the necks of the actor and actress for the counterfeit pre sentment of two brothers, they found nothing. Mr. Irving int-nded to conjure up the features of the dead King hy a mental struggle, not by any practical or painted assistance. The notice closes with a complimentary nnmgrnph on the acting of the part of Ophalia by Miss Isabel Batenum, whose rendering of the mad scene was sufficiently good to keep a house in wrapt attention, though it was past midnight. The new conception has been a decided sitccc-s. May it he hoped that the words of Dryden, written of a church, mav he found applic able to the higher walks of the drama, u Doomed oft to death, hut ne'er to die?" 