NOTES OF A TRIP' TO GALLEa AiND BOMBAY.-No. II. S.S. Nunna, July 9. We were again bothered with precious-stone gentlemen. This time most of them had what appeared to be rough omeralds, asp phiree, garnets, topazos, rubies, &0., but which I believo are all glass, and ore sent out from Birmingham. The only way to geot rid of those follows is to got a small stick and hit them. One will run alongside with a leaf and fan you ; another got a piece of grass and rub it, then give it you to smell. Some of this was very pleasant. Others will get you ninnamon-barkl or nutmegs and berries; while when you stop, a little black imp about five years old will probably com mence to pick tlhe grass-seeoods out of your clothes; and then when you .are leaving several will run after you for nearly a mile, withl their hands out, until you give them a trifle. All this was great fun just for once in the way; but one would esoon got tired of it. The csooon-palm is far more numerous than any other tree on the island; but as you drive along you see the date-palm, bread-fruit, sago-palm, jack- fruit, and other trees, altogether malting a most glorious drive. There was a fine view from the top of the hill. We returned to the hotel just in time for dinner at seven. After dinner I went for another walk round the fort. We had a splendid day and a fine moonlight night. It was not too hot; but then this is not a hot time at Ceylon. The fort is a fins peeoo of work; but it seems rather useless as far as protecting the island is concerned; but it would be very useful in tile event of a disturbance amongst the natives. In going down to the markote and on our way out to TWook WVolls, we pass under an archway in the wall. A great many of the natives chow a sort of nut which looks like a nutmeg, but which they call arreka (it may be arrack). You see pieces of this nut, together with a tobacco-leaf and what they call a botel-leaf, which is about the size of a laurel-leaf, for sale almost everywhere you go; in fact, a good many women seom to do nothing but cut this nut in slices, mix it up with the to banon, and place it in the betol-lonf, and there it remains till some one buys it. The majority of the natives, both men and women, choew this muck. It makes their teeth red at first, and then after a time they get quite black; so that it does not add to their beauty at all. The women are not at all pretty; at least we did not come across any nine-loolking ones. They all wear a white jacket in addition to the frock. Every thing was so novel to us that we enjoyed the day immensely, and it was ono I will never forget-as oJank would say, " it was theo day of my existence." Our bedrooms wore ablove the shops I have mentioned. They have fine large windows, and are very high. They burn cooanut-oil oeclusively. A piece of tin is out in the shape of a cross; a piece of cork is stuck on to each end, and a small Swick is pulled half-way throughl a hole in the centre of the cross. Tihe whole is then placed in a glass like a finger-glass, half full of oil. It thus floats on tile top, and all you have to do is to lighlt this wick. It stands a draught well, which is a great advantage when you have a good current of air through the room, and candles would never do this. We saw two or throe pretty little Arab horses; but in the traps there are mostly " walora," i.e., not Arabs. I suppose tile name comes from their getting most of the horses from New South Wales. The traps had four wheels and two seats, in which we sat back to back. The driver had a seat in front on his own accouot, and we had a top, supported by metal uprights. We saw a good many drays. They are mostly two wheeled, and have a covering made of the leaves of the cocoanut-tree. A stout polo is fastened at right angles to the polo proper, and' the cattle are attached to this. They are guided by a string passing through the nose, and the driver generally walks blehind them, between them and the dray. As I have mentioned, the cattle are very small, and they seem remarkably quiet. I believe goats' milk is the best at oCeylon. I could not help noticing several men with olephtan tiasie. I believe it is very common hero and in India. The charges at the hotel are about the same as in lMelbourno. For the twenty.four hours we were there it was 18s. 6d. each, exclusive of wines, &0\. They charge extra for attendance, bath, tea, coffee, andice. They bring round a cup of tea and piece of toast at six, and have breakfast at 9.30; but on Saturday morning we had to leave at 7.30. I would not have missed Friday at CGalle on any account. It alone was worth the extra journey by Bombay. I am now writing on the Nubia. She is rolling con siderably, so you must excuse the writ ing. We hope to get to Bombay to-morrow morning by eight, which will be Tlursday, 15th July. We intend remaining till the Friday week; and I will write and tell you what I see there on my way from there to Aden. We have very few off board; there are only one lady and six gentlemon pas osengers. Wehave come slowly from Galls; but this is on account of our burning twenty tone of coal a-day less than before. VWe averaged fifty-four tons a-day to Gallo. This costs the company about £3 per ton. On Sunday we were in sight of land all day; in fact we could see the houses. Thie Western Ghauta range, seven thousand fast higih, looked very grand in the distance. Tihe water along this coast is more of a dirty green colour; whereas far out at sea it is a most beputiful blue. They frequently sound as we go along. By this means they toll if we are the right distance from land. We passed a ship on our waest going south on Monday, and yesterday a steamer on our east, also bound south. On Thursday night, before roeaching Galle, the phosphorescence in the water was won derful. There appeared a bright line of light along each side of the ship, and our track for twenty yards behind glowed like molten lead. This was the only night on which it was anything remarkable. The thermometer for the last week has beeoon 80 deog. and 85 dog. Fabr. We are now in the south-west monsoon, and have had a couple of days of monsoon weather-heavy rain and wind at intervals; but as yet both have come more from the north-west. I will lot you know what I think of the monsoons when I have had a little more experience of them. BoenAe, 15th July. Arrived this morning about seven-thirty days out from Melbourne. The custom-house offioer, a ooloured mano, came on board by oight o'clock; and on our giving our words that we had no contraband goods, he passed the luggage without oexamining it. They cortainly kItnow how to treat strangers hero in this respect, which I am sorry to say they have yet to learn inI olbourne. Several men came on board from the different hotels, on the look-out for customers. All of us had decided to go to the Adolphi Hotel, and had our luggage taken there, and were also our solveos convoyed by boat from the steamer to the wharf, and theonco to the hotel in car riages, for which we are to be charged in the bill. Tile hotel is kept by a Parsoee named Pallonjoe Peratonjoo, and there are two dis tinct establieshmonts-one for single gentle men, and the other for families. As there was one lady amongst us, woe formed a "family" and put up at the latteor. Just before turning-in on Wednesday nightI was given to understand that we would not get in till about eleven; so loft my packing till the morning; and as our ports were closed, I did not soe that we were approaching the harbour; so I lost the view of Bombay as we entered. Soon after tiffin at 1.30, a man came with a lot of curiosities-- faus, ivory card-cases, chess and draught men, table-napkin rings beautifully carved, and all kinds of Iknick knacke--but as he wanted more money for them than we can got the same kind of things for in the colonies, we made but few purchases. After this we took a carriage and drove down the principal street of the town. NothingIcan say will give you any thing like an idea of the place. The streets are narrow, but are mecadamised and very well kept. The houses for the most part are very high; but there is no regularity in them. Except whore some nice buildings have been erected at the southern end of the town, you never sos two houses the same height. Sometimes you sos a six-etorey house with a two-storey one alongside. They have large doors and windows in them, most of which are generally open; and this, together with the total absence of any attempt at sym metry, and the novel (to an Australian) style of dress of the natives, their shlops (which are so diffeoront from ours), and the habits and manoner of lifo of the people generally, strikes one immediately. The men have all sorts and kinds of dress (or undress). A few have nothing on but a rag round their loins; others wear long white robes reaching down to the ankle; some rod and other coloured (loose) trousers and jackets; in fact they have all shapes and colours of dress and ways of wearing it, nac cording to the caste each man belongs to. The women wear loose coloured robes wrapped round them in every conceivable manner, difference of caste making some slight alteration. There is certainly great display of leg in some cases; but ottherwise their persons are well covered. You have no difficulty here in tolling whether a woman has a good figure or not. They couldn't make a good out of a bad one, as ours do. Some wear bracelets, rings on fingers and toes and ankles. They certainly appear superior to the womon at Oeylon; and a well-made woman neatly dressed looks very graceful indeed walking along. Little boys and girls play about in the verandahs, and cling to their mothers like little 'poseume. They are generally naked. Tramways run in some of the streets, and aro drawnby two hIorses. The men work in their verandahs chiefly. You seeo some using sewing-ma chines, others carpentering, also saddlers, basket-makers, tiu and copper smiths, &c.;, &o.; In many places followers of the same trade got together; thus you see a row of coppersmiths, then saddlers, and in another place ironmongers; but all these shops are very different to ours. The old fort used to be down at the southern end of the town; but lately the wall has been psillod down and some very fine buildings ereoted. Amongst those are the secretariat, which is as fine a building as I ever saw; the post and telegraph offices; the public works de partment; Watson's Hotel, &co.; Between theose and the other portion of the town there are fine open parks, with roads through them, lined on each side with double rows of trees. At intervals through the day it rained heavily. At night three of the passengers (Dr. Williamson, Madras army, Allan, and mate) and myself went to a bungalow on Grant-road, two miles or so away from the hIotel, to seeO some performance entitled D'Arey Read's Ghost. This was a very cleover thing, and all managed in some way by mirrors. The lights in the body of the hall wore turned down very low; and during the performance figures would appear and disappear in a most remarkable manner sometimes suddenly, sometimes very gradu ally fading away. A man would appear to be speaking on the stagd, when suddenly he would vanish. The entire performance hinged on these ghosts. The theatres and other amusements do not commence here till about 9.30 p.m. Friday, 16th July. Went for a walk this morning from about seven till 9.30. We went through a stable kept by a Parsee. The horses wore in largo open sheds with tiled roof. Thole were mostly Arabs, and all stallions. I hlave not eon a golding since I have beeoon Iore, not even in thie traps. They weoro all for sale. In each sced the horses stand in'two rows, back to back. They do not have separate stalls, but are kept from each other by the halters being tied on each side of them, and by their hind logs being oeach tied by a rope and fastened to iron rings, whlich are fixed in the ground at intervals down the centre of the shed, the two horses opposite oeach other in each row being fiastonod to the same ring. They thus cannot intjure each other by kick ing, for they are kept on tie one spot. The ropes are not very tight. Thehorsesthemselves did not strike me as being anything out of the common; but there was one little beauty fo: which hIe wanted 700 rs., or about £60. Tse value of the rupee is now a little more than ls. D?d., and I hiear it is probable that it will fall still lower. This depreciation in its value is already a serious matter, especially to oflficer, &c.;, in the army whosse iay is in reality reduced about ten per cent. ''They get their pay in rupees, reckoned eaich as eqtiva lent to Oa., which was the case once; but now it requires more than ten rupsos to he equal in value to the English sovereign. Sometimes we get eleven rupees for a sovereign, at others only ten re. 12 as. T'here are silxteen nnas in a rupee, andt we have hero silver coins in eight, four, iand twro anas, which are roughly equal to our shilling, sixponce, and three ponce. An anna isthusaboutlhd.; besides these there are copper coins called pico, four of which go to an anna. After leavoing the stable we walked on till we came to some markets. These also are fine large open sheds. The crowd was very great, like the markets in Sydney on a Saturday night. There were a great many women sel ling fish, meat, fruit, and vegetables. One kind of fish was very plentiful; it is small and quite clear, looking, like jelly. I think it is this fishl which they dry andt serve with curry all over India and on board the mail steamers. T'here weore a great many kinds of fruit and vegetables which I did not recognise; but I saw plenty of onions, garlic, potatoes, bananas (some of which had red skins and were large), oranges, pundos (something like a very large orange), mangoes, hringalls, snake plant (something like a long thin cucumber), end many others which I knew. A lot of little boys followed us with baskets thinking thalt we would be makingsome purchases and would let them carry them for us. There were dozens of these little wretches bothering us, so we had to hunt them by poklting them in the ribs with an umbrella. You see the majority of the men with umbrellnas, but I notice few women with them. While returning to the hotel to breakfast we were met by a snake-charmer; but as we had not time to wait, we told him to come to tie hotel at oloven. We speqt most of the time till tithfi looking at him. He had three or four cobras, two being about four and a half feet, two large snakes of another kind, each more than siz feet, and a few otlher small ones of still different kinds: one bluokish one which seemed just like a roll of putty, and one which would spring up off tle ground when his gave it a pat with his hand. He also had a couple of mungoos.e (?) which are great things for killing snakes. Theoy are of a greyish colour, and eomethinR the make of a native car, only larger. The sn:kes were kept in circular flat baskets, and hIe would take thle tops off these and give the cobras a pat with his hand and they would raise their heads and flatten out their hoods and dart at him ; but tthere was nothing wonderful in their performances. He placed the large snakes on top of a young mtngoose, but they would always make off, but the mungoose would try to get hold of them with its teeth. At last he let a full-sized mungoose tackle a snake about three feet long; it got hold of the snake's neck and hand very quickly, and then began to crush the head up. The man then got hold of the snake's tail and lifted the mun goose up off the ground. I believe the teeth of the mungoose were drawn, but however the enake's head was bleading and looked very much knooked about; still I saw the snake about a quarter of an hour later and it seemed to be recovering. While looking at the mon goose being lited off the ground while it had hold of the snake, I could not help thinkingof little " Rowdy " and the opossums. The fel low also did some clever conjuring tricks; but most of them are similar to what I had seen before. He puffed a lot of smoke and fire out of his mouth, and also brought out a bandful of different things. In the afternoon we went for a drive to the Apollo Bander (wharf). It rained very heavily this morning, and during the night at intervals. Saturday, 17th July. Driving about a good deal, went to the southern end of the island (Bombay is built on an island, and is connected with the main land by a causeway) nod passed the soldiers' quarters. Theose look very suitable for barracks in this climate, being well raised off the ground and well ventilated. The Colaba lighlthouse is on the end of the island. In the afternoon we drove round to the parks I have mentioned and saw some cricket going on among some Europeans, and a band of more than twenty Sepoys playing. After dinner we four gentlemen, the only ones now left of the passengers, went to the Guard Road Theatre where Mr. and MIrs. D'Arcy Raid were giving a performance; the admis sion to the dress circle was 8 re. There are stalls, dress circle, and gallery. There wore one or two European women and about fifteen men, and about thirty Hindoos and Parseas in the dress circle. We had chairs to sit on here, but it was a very poor affair altogether. The man who had one of the principal parts in each oh the three pieces used to drop his h's in a most unpleasant manner. We left after the second pIiece was over, and on our way home stopped at a native theatre. We took tickets whon we found that the perform ance was not nearly over, but would not be finished till four or five in the morning (Sun day). I mention here that Sunday does not begin till gu-fire at five a.m., so of course it was not wrong to stop. On getting upstairs we found ourselves in the middle of a lot of jabbering Hmndoos and Parses; but the man who showed us up got us front seats, having requested the occupants to move. The dia logse was carried on in a monotonous kind of chant, which I shaould think was very diffi. ceult, and the dresses were not very good. The managers are very foolish in this way; they don't like to spend an anna more than they can belp on the dresses, although probably it would bring them in a better return. Some dancing was also to take plce, but aftrt re maining an hIour we came away tired of wait. ing. The room was very hot, although plenty of windowe were open. Tlhe women sit apart on one side oh the house. Some time ago there was a row between the Hindoos and Parsees, wbohen troops had to be calledt in to suppllress it. The Paruses got the worst ofit, and nalthough they are fir the most intelligent caste and thle wealthiest, their nembersa are small. Well, jest as we were leaving, quite a shock was given to thle audience by some one in the pit singing out " he quiet there, you Parsecs," in English. T'here was silence for the instant, but things went on all rigiht after. The Parsoe sare in dread of this row break ing out again, and thlis rather startled lthose who were in thle theatre. They are vory moch like Jews in the face, and are undoabtodly the most slperior of thebo natives. They originally came from Persia. Sunday, 18th July. WVriting a good dleal in the morning. About three p.m. a Parsee funeral passed the ,hotel. 'The corple was carried on a canvas litter by four men, and had thle feet and hIead exposed. A great crowd followed, and I thiink lhe must Iane been one of their ohief men. 'Thley Itake thie corpse to Malabair [Iill outside rho town, wheore thlero are large towere with an iron grating at the top. The bodies are placed on thlis grating and Itkeplt there for thi birds, and in course of time the bonaes drop down thlroughl the grating. It is .rather woreo than cremation, I think; for I have been told tlhat the smell in the hot weather about those " silent to were " us they are called is not at all pleasant. We drove round by Italabar Hill, which is about four miles from the hotel and runs about north and south. At the southern oxtremity is Government House. WVhen we were there it was "laid up" for the rainy season, matting supported by long bamboos being placed all round, reaching from the ground to the roof. This serves to keep the rain from beating in at the windowe. I went through a good many of the buildings; but none of the rooms weoro furnished, and everything about the place had a mouldy look. The house and buildings are right on the south point, so catch the full force of the wind and rain. A native took me through the rooms. Drove homo to hotel by a different road, but did not manage to see anyof the"silent towers." I think they were further north. The roads and streets are kept in capital order. It is not uncommon to see three or four iron roll era drawn by bullocks, eight it a team, up and down the streets. They have also a couple of steam rollers. The streets are very crooked; and as they are narrow and the houses irregular and mostly high, the place seems very strange to one, and it is hard to get an idea of the situations of the different public buildings and of the run of the place generally. Thursday, 22nd. I will write no more about B3ombay from hero. I have been to Poona, the head quarters of the Governor during the sessions, and also of the soldiers altogether. I will write about this on my way to Aden. We were there all Tuesday. We left here on Monday and got back last night. The scenery over the Bhore Ghaut was magnifi cent, and the railway engineering beats our Zigzag. Poona is nearly one hundred and twenty miles from Bombay. I have been pretty well and have enjoyed myself very much all the time. We leave to-morrow in tile Delhi for Suez. The Goleonia will take this letter on Saturday. Captain Hector of the Nubia goes as a passenger. He is going in for sheep-farming a little, and has got leave for a time. I will I think go to Venice with Allan, whom I like very well. 