IRELAND. FATHER BURKE IN DUBLIN. Tlie following is an abridgement of a splendid lecture wliicli was delivered in November last by Father Burke on " The Catholic Church and Science " : — The doors leading to the Round Room were opened at 7 o'clock (one hour before the lecture was to begin), and in a few moments the enormous crowd which had previously been collected in front of the building streamed in and filled to over flowing every portion of the great Round Room. A few minutes more and the interior passages were choked up by hun dreds seeking admission. The doors had then to be closed in the face of a strug gling, entreating throng outside, who were unable subsequently to obtain entrance. The arrival of His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop at a quarter to 8 was greeted with enthusiastic cheers from the assemblage who still blocked up access to the main door, and His Emi nence, as well as the Y cry Rev. Thomas Burke and a number of clergymen who did not till then reach the Rotundo, had to pass in through a side door, which was at once stormed by the eager mass with out, and forced, with the result of crush ing in many additions to the already overcrowded audience. The aspect of the Round Room as His Eminence pro ceeded amidst ringing cheers, to his seat, was striking and memorable. The balcony was packed through the entire circle, and scores held places on the window-sills. The great area below, divided into the reserved and promenade, was filled to its utmost capacity, while the platform was fully occupied, the audience here, as in other compartments including a large pro portion of ladies. At 8 o'clock precisely His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop, who presided, said : — I have been invited to discharge a very pleasing duty, and I shall do so with two or three words. I have to introduce to you a distinguisned lecturer — a lecturer well known to every one of you — known to every one in Ireland, known in Ame rica, Australia, every part of the world — and to ask you to hear him with all pos sible attention, and to derive all the benefit which you can from his lecture. I beg to introduce to you the Rev. Father Bur ke. (Great applause.) Tde Rev. Thomas Bueke, who was attired in the garb of the Dominican Order, then came forward, and having kissed (kneeling) the hand of His Emi nence, rose and presentep himself to the vast audience amidst a perfect storm of applause, which lasted several minutes. When silence was restored, the Rev. Father said he had the honor to appear before them that evening to discuss a most important question — namely, the relation of the Catholic Church to science and to scientific men. It was a subject interesting, indeed, to them as Catholics, although they reposed in the absolute certainty of their principles. It was a subject so interesting to some of their fellow-citizens that it was driving half of them mad. (Laughter and applause.) Now, as the room was warm, and he did not wish to detain them a moment longer than was necessary, he might as well go into his subject at once. They all knew when the summer came and people went to bathe there were two ways of getting into the water. One man sneaked in — a very uncomfortable way. Another man got on a rock and took a "header." (Laughter.) They would permit him to take a " header" into the subject. (Laughter.) First of all he laid down this principle — that human reason alone is not sufficient to guide man to a know ledge of revealed religion. The proof of this — and the all-sufficient proof — lay in the simple fact that God has made a reve lation, and God never would have made that revelation if it were not necessary, and if human reason alone could have guided man into the knowledge and prac tice of revealed religion. (Hear, hear, and applause.) In truth, reason was not sufficient for this herculean task. The mightiest intellects of antiquity — the purest, the most subtle, the most gifted minds of pagan civilisation — directed all their attention and all their efforts to the solution of the simple question — who is God, and who is man ? — and the greatest philosophers of antiquity, unillumined by the light of revelation, were obliged to bow down and confess that they were un able to answer the question which the little Catholic child could do the first day he took his catechism in his hand. (Loud applause.) It would, perhaps, be asked what place has reason, what use had it? The Almighty God had given them two great guides, each distinct in its own sphere — each distinct in its own operation and in its own source of knowledge. He had given them reason, to be their guide to human knowledge, and through the mazes of human science to throw its light forth on the hidden places of nature — to investigate all the wonderful phenomena With which they are surrounded, and to draw from that investigation those high principles teaching the laws which govern the material world and the creation of God. JHe had also given them in another sphere another guide. Man was immortal. Man was imperishable. He could not die. The body died, but the soul should live ; and this truth, primary and essential even the Pagan philosopher of old had learned — Non omnis moriar — " I will not altogether die." If, then, the destiny of man was etei'nal — if the origin of man be clouded in mystery — if the true essence and existence of man be one of the pro- foundest mysteries that existed — where fore the Grecian philosopher made it the summit of the philosophy of man simply to know himself — it followed that the Almighty God must have provided for man some other guide besides that of mere human reason — some guide coming not from the world, but from heaven — some guide illumined not by the light of time, but by the rays of eternity — some guide able to take their hand and lead them through all the mazes of time to the very threshold of their eternal being, and there to show, in the splendid revela tion of all the hopes He had created in their hea.ts. (Loud applause.) That guide was Divine — revealed religion. Each of these two guides had its own right, great, and wonderful work in its own sphere. They could look to the magnificent triumphs of human reason in the researches of modern science. They were children of their age, of this nine teenth century — this nineteenth century, so full of pride, so full of injustice, so full of resolution from above, and revolu tion from below — so full of contempt for all the sacred and time-honored principles of right, of justice, and of law — yet still a century with so much to admire, to love, and to revere in its magnificent scientific progress. (Applause,) He was a sou of that age, born in its bosom, scarcely expecting to see the dawn of the coming century. Childhood, manhood, ana prospective age — all were the property of this nineteenth century ; and, although he wore a habit 700 years old, and linked altogether with the traditions of bygone times, yet he was free to say that, as a man, as a priest, as a Dominican friar, he was proud of the age in which he had been bom. (Great applause.) It was an age that had effected great wonders. It would require a tongue far more eloquent than that of the highest scientific genius of the age to define or even give an out line of tbe triumphs of this nineteenth century. But should they deny to the Church her triumphs ? Behold, he said, the nations of to-day basking in the light of civilisation ; behold the nations of to day advancing with rapid strides in every art and science ; and then let them ask themselves the single question — who brought out of the darkness — out of chaos — out of utter disruption — who drew forth from the awful ruins of the crushed and broken-up world of the fifth century the glories of the 19th century ? The angels of the world's history would point to the magnificent figure of the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ (vehement ap plause). She alone did it who was able to do it. She took the rude savage son of the northern forests — she took the child of bai'barism, inflated with the triumph and victory in which he trampled upon Imperial Rome, making his bloodstained offerings to his Northern Pagan gods, unconscious of mercy, unconscious of clemency, .unconscious of purity or self- restraint, wild, barbarian — all the more terrible because with his barbaric hand he had shattered the great civilisation of Paganism — and out of such unpromising elements the Church elaborated during many weary ages the civilisation which was our pride and our glory to-day (cheers). She turned barbaric pride into meekness ; she drew from out of a people detestable in their impurity an immacu late priesthood and a very self -restrain ing Christian manhood. She gathered together all that remained of the uni versal wreck and ruin of ancient art and science and civilisation, and she treasured them in her cloisters ; she watched them with zealous care ; she brought them forth from day to day in her great uni versities ; she prepared the nations to receive them ; she is the mother of that Christendom or Christianity which made the world a civilized and an organised power when it seemed as if nothing short of the creative word of God could have drawn light from so much darkness, or order from so much ruin (cheers.). Of such and such, multiplied indefinitely, were the triumphs of the Church of God, as great and greater in her sphere of that which was divine, revealed, purest in faith, holiest in morals, than were the collateral triumphs of the science of an age of which they are so proud. And God intended that these two great guides should move harmoniously together over all the universal creation of God, the infinite harmony of whose Divine being shone out in the admirable order that prevailed throughout. No one force of nature annihilated another. Generally speaking, in this world there was some great delusion, or some great deception always held up before the world. One time it was a scientific delusion, another time a false system of philosophy, another time, and indeed at all times, some form of religious error, the most numerous of all the delusions of the devil. (Laughter.) Now, one of the great de lusions of their day was this — men imagined, and - spoke, and wrote, and seemed to believe that the Catholic Church was engaged in a tremendous and constant onslaught upon science and scientific men. That was the great parable of the day. That was the text upon which all their anti-Catholic news papers were uniting. " Oh, who will save us from the terrible Pope?" ex claimed big, blustering Bismarck. (Great laughter and cheers). "He'll crush us. I have only two millions of trained soldiers, the grandest army in the world at my back, and he has not a single man." (Continued laughter and cheers). And then out came the Times newspaper on the edifying spectacle of Bismarck and Ger many trying to save themselves from the terrible attacks of Pius IX. and the Ultramontanes. (Cheers, laughter, and some hisses. " Oh, who will save us ?" exclaims Gladstone. (Laughter, cheers, and hisses.) "Who will save us from the terrible V atican decrees ? They have loosened the bonds of loyalty and allegi ance. We cannot trust a Catholic any more, no matter who he is — I don't care whether he be a lord chancellor, or a postmaster-general, or a private soldier. (Loud laughter and cheers). They are all gone, no more allegiance or loyalty ; if the man sent word to-morrow, they would be up with a knife at our throats, and who knows but it is Cardinal Cullen that would be minister." (Roars of laughter and vehement cheering). "Ah, who will save us," exclaims Professor Tyndall — (continued laughter and cheers) — "who will save us from that terrible Catholic Church — these terrible Ultramontanes ; they want, if you please, to make religion a kind of knowledge, and not to leave it in the region of emotions with Messrs. Moody and Sankey. (Renewed laughter and hearty cheers). They will teach young men the necessity of going to con fession instead of leaning on their emo tions. (Cheers and laughter). They will teach their people, if they have stolen anything, that they must give it back ; oh, who will save us from them and leave us to our emotions ? Have we not har moniums ? (Loud laughter.) Have we not beautiful hymns ? (Laughter.) Haven't we grand sermons all about leaning on the Lord and nothing more ? (Renewed laughter) . Haven't we Heaven made easy ? (Laughter and cheers). Oh, who will save us from Catholics saying prayers and abstaining on Fridays — (laughter) — examining their consciences, keeping themselves pure, restoring, if they had the misfortune to take a farthing or a farthing's worth? It is all very fine. Lean upon the Lord and trust to yourselves." (Continued laughter and applause). Meantime the great Crtholic Church stood there, robbed and plundered in Italy, imprisoned in Germany, fettered and hampered, crossed and contradicted in France, in Spain, in Brazil, held up to scorn and ridicule as far as they could, the blind fools, hold up the House of God, and. the cry all the time was " Save us from them — (loud cheers) — make way until I throw a stone right in her face." (Cheers). Send a few bishops to r>rison — send a few priests to prison — take what ever trifle of money they had — take all their churches, sell everything, and then cry out, " "What a wonderful follow I am to be able to defend myself from these people." (Laughter). Then, on the other hand, they were told day after day, " Ah, what would not the Church do to these people if she could lay her hands upon them." Professor Tyndall was a great man in his own sphere — a child of genius, a glory to the land that bore him ; he was the scientific apostle of light. According to those truth-telling writers, if the Pope only could get hold of him he would improve ( his speculations on light by putting it out. (Laughter and cheers). Now, this was a popular delusion, and in this what were the men of science doing ? They were doing simply this. They were doing what a celebrated Catholic called Don Quixote once did, when he attacked, of all things in the world, a windmill. (Continued laughter). The mill was quietly grinding corn and flour to make bread for the poor labourers about, but the Don, in his imagination, thought it was a grand castle, inhabited by ghosts and goblins, who held knights and fair ladies _ in durance vile, and setting his lance in rest, charged it, and broke his head against the wall. (Laughter and cheers). There was the Catholic Church quietly doing to-day what she had clone for 1,870 years, grinding, as it were, the corn of the Word of God, to make out of it the bread of life for men's souls. (Cheers). And around her was not one scientific, but an entire army of poor crazy Don Quixotes, coming on with their lances in rest. One said, "I will prove she told a lie in such a year, here goes. (Laughter). Another said, "I will prove that she cannot co-exist with the rights of civil allegiance." He set his lance in rest, left his great party behind him, wondering and ashamed of him, and went on alone to excite the ridicule of everybody, and to fall down as he had fallen down. (Loud cheers.) In the face of all there he asserted a very simple proposition, and it was this — the Catholic Church was not the enemy, but was the friend and patron and encourager of all true science, aucl of all true scien tific men. (Cheers). It was all non sense to assert the contrary, and lie would show it to them by bringing the search to the plain, ordinary test of com mon sense. Let them suppose for an instant that the Catholic Church was what those men declared it to be, afraid of her life of science, afraid of scientific men, declaring that she could not bear them, telling them to stand off, that if she caught them she would fix them. (Laughter). Let them suppose that she considered deep scientific research to be inconsistent with the profession of her faith and the practice of her morality, and what would follow ? Let them test it by common sense. They had all, like himself, been preparing for confession since they were seven years of age, and did they ever say, when examining their consciences, they opened their prayer- book and went over the table of sins, " Did I press my studies too far, or was I too scientific ?" (Cheers and laughter). Was any Catholic boy ever expected to say this at confession — "Father I am a medical student, and all the other students are tremendous fellows for science, and, father, I accuse myself that I was inclined to study — that I was inclined and endeavored to keep up with them in their researches ? Oh ! father forgive me." (Great laughter). Now, he would put before them two reasons which he would urge as practically and clearly as possible to show that, despite all that was said, the Catholic Church could not be the enemy of science. (Ap plause). The first was the simple, yet high and grand reason that all truth— whether it exists in the order of nature, or in the supernatural order of revelation — that all truth comes from God. There was nothing true of the things they saw in the world, there was nothing true of the things that they looked forward to and hoped for in the next except in so far as coincided with the eternal truth, which is in God. (Applause). To say that one order of truth is hostile to another, that it is destructive of another, was just the same as to say that God contradicts|Him- self. This was the heresy of the Manicheans. They said there were two Gods — the God of nature and this ma terial world, and a God of the imma terial and spiritual and purely intellectual world. The Catholic Church laid her anathema upon this detestable heresy, and yet, strange to say, she was to-day accused of being frightened at the truths of nature, as if they did not proceed from the same God as gave her the truths of revelation. The great truths of science whei'ever they were found, no matter how wonderful the results of that science, if they were only true, could not touch one iota, affect one scintilla, of the revealed truths of God in the way of injury. There is no room even for such possible antagonism as this. The great sciences — astronomy, chemistry, natural philosophy, and the like — moved in the one groove and religion in the other, and, just as two railway trains on different tracks could never collide, so those two never clash. (Applause.) The Catholic Church, therefore, was not afraid of science, nor of the scientific man, as long as he sticks to his own science and his own subject. Nay more, she encouraged him, she pro tected him, for she knew that every addi tion scientific truth, every great discovery in nature, every real and substantial addition to man's knowledge, was a new manifestation of the beauty and wisdom of God, and in itself served to prepare men's minds more and more to receive His divine message. (Applause.) When, in her history, did the Church ever perse cute the scientific man as such, as long as he stuck to his own particular science? When did she ever impede him, or injure, or imprison him in the days of her power ? When did she ever set her censure on him as purely and entirely a scientific man ? Never. When did she leave him unprotected and alone? Never. (Ap plause.) Her history told them, and in truth, they owed the grandest results of scientific researoh to the protection and to the fostering and kindly care of the Catholic Church, as he would endeavor to let them see. _ Was it not quite natural that the Catholic Church should foster the man of science, while she knew that every addition to real truth, even of the natural order, every addition to the mighty store of man's real knowledge, was but a new revelation, of the depth of tlie riches, the 'wisdom, the power, aud the beauty of her God ? (Applause.) What better preparations could a man's mind hare to receive her Divine message than tho preparation of science? The more a man entered into the great mystery of nature, the more did he behold in the admirable order and arrange ment of those truths which lie discovered by habitual and deep study of the awful hidden power of the admirable hand of nature's God. (Applause.) " The heavens proclaim the glory of Gocl, and the firma ment tells the work of his hand." There fore, he said, as long as the scientific man adhered to the true principles of his study and did not travel outside them, he found in the Catholic Church a friend and an encourager. He would give a proof or two of this. One of the great questions of the present day was the opposition which the Catholic Church appeared to have shown to the new and modern, and, he would add, the true system of astronomy. For many hundreds of jrnars the scientific men of the schools of this world, not having the powers of the tele scope or the aids of modern science, held that this world was the centre of the whole creation of God — that this world or orb of ours was fixed and stationary, and that the sun, moon, stars, and planets of the heavens moved around it as their centre. Now this was a mistake — a scientific mistake. It was held for hun dreds of years — the holy fathers and doctors of the Church held it. They in terpreted the words of Scripture in its literal sense to confirm it. The Scripture told Jthem that the Lord had established the earth upon its own basis, and would not be moved for ever and ever. Else where it was written — "He hath estab lished the world, which shall not be moved and, unaided by science, and on a question which had no direct or imme diate bearing either on faith or morals, the vast majority, if not the whole of them interpreted these words of Scripture in their literal sense to mean that this earth was one vast plain, not a globe, but a plain fixed in its place, and that all the orbs of heaven revolved around it. Well, by degrees men began to observe the motions of the stars, to observe the aber rations of certain planets, to observe pertain familiar phenomena in the earth itself, as, for instance, that a heavy weight thrown from a very high place would not descend to earth in a straight line, as it would if it fell on a plain, but would fall slightly towards the east, because the earth was moving weanwhile westward ; when men discerned these things, the theory was started that the earth was not immovable, but moved, while the sun was immovable and fixed in its 'place. This was a great novelty — perhaps the greatest scientific discovery of any age. And this was brought forward as a proof by these scientific men that the Catholic Church had no welcome for them, that she hates them, and is an enemy to the progress of science, and why ? Because she opposed that theory. Now the first man who proposed this theory was a young German, born at Coblentz in 1401, whohad turnedhis attention to astronomy. His name was Nicolos, of Pusa, and he published a book in which he laid down the principle that the earth was round, and, according to the doctrine of the day, he ought to have been throttled — (laughter) — but he propounded his theory simply as a theory, for every philosophical truth must, at its inception, be propounded as a theory. It would be contrary to every principle of science and philosophy to take it as an absolute certainty until its truth was proved. If he, with his theory had gone into llome by the Northern- road and entered the Flamian Gate, he might have been asked, " Where are you going — you are going, my friend, where there are inquisitors who will pull the windpipe out of you." ;(A laugh.) How ever, not having met a kind angel guardian, he might ask what became of this young man. They brought him to the Pope — Nicholas "V., one of the most eminent of our Pontiffs — who heard him prove his theory in the garden of the "Vatican, and, would they believe it, he was immediately made a Cardinal, with liberty to pursue his scientific studies. (Applause.) While all this was going on at Home, there was another man who entered on the scene, a man as great as Copernicus, as great as Galileo, the famous Christopher Columbus — (applause). — the man who opened a new world to Europe, who first set his eyes upon the grand shores of the vast Continent of the West; the man who, in the providence of God was the angel sent forth, amongst other purposes, to prepare a home, a glorious and generous home, for the descendants of the old race of the island in which they lived. (En thusiastic applause). The noble citizens of his native Republic of Genoa laughed at his projected enterprise. He came to Spain. Ho applied to Ferdinand and Isabella, the Catholic sovereigns of Leon and Castile, but they wore too much en gaged with other affairs to attend to hiffb though he put before them, with tho simple eloquence of genius, the great things ho would do if they only gave him money and two or three ships. A deaf ear was turned to all that, aud it was a memorable historical fact that when no man _ would listen to Columbus, a Dominican friar, Egebeso, took him in hand — genius spoke to genius, the frair said to tho mariner: — "No man seems to understand you, but I do ;" and shortly afterwards, when he was made Arch bishop of Seville, the richest and highest- dignity in Spain, he placed his purse at the service of Columbus, and, humanly speaking, they owed America to the zeal and discrimination of a Dominican friar who aided Columbus in his great enter prise (applause). Another rose after Copernicus — a man celebrated for his scientific discovery and more celebrated system, because he was made the stalking horse of those who attacked the Catholic Church, although he was himself a Catho lic. Thenty- three years after the death of Copernicus Galileo was born. He be came convinced that the earth moved round the sun. So far there was no harm done. Yet, strange to say, the Catholic Church, which did not condemn Coper nicus, which did not condemn Di Chusa, condemned Galileo, and for this they were all to lie down and be humbled tho mo ment Galileo's name was mentioned. Books and books have been published of the history of Galileo, and if they read them all they should study for six or seven years. Every assailant of the Ca tholic Church said, no doubt you may boast of the Church's antiquity, of the Church's unity, of the Church's sanctity, of the submission of the Church's mem bers, but wait, what about Galileo ? down on your marrow bones (loud laughter). Now, the would in a few words explain the whole thing. When Galileo came to the conclusion that the sun was stationary and the earth moving round it, instead of writing a book like Di Chusa's, or seeking additional proofs and reasons to convince the scientists of the day that his theory was correct, what did he do ? The very first thing Galileo did was to lay down the system of the earth moving round the sun as an undoubted, fact, as an incontro- vertibly fact — to call everybody that did not believe tt asses and fools. When he was told that tho words of Scripture seemed opposed to this in the common acceptance of them, he laughed at it and said, " Oh, my dear friends, the Scriptures in a great many things are inaccurate. You call it the word of God. If it is the word of God you must explain it so as to fit into my philosophical theory, or you are asses and fools." Now, what was his philosophical tJieory — his astronomical theoiy ? It was this — That the earth moved round the sun. That they knew to be the fact, but they had sufficient reason to know it. Galileo had not. Galileo did not know from Adam the laws of gravitation, he never heard of such a thing as atmospheric pi'essure upon the globe ; yet he asserted that the earth moved round the sun. What reason did he give ? " Oh," says he, " don't- you see the tides come in and go out — sure that shows the earth is moving and wabbling about" (Laughter). "That cannot be," said another celebrated man, " the motion of the tides is produced by the influence of the moon." " You arc a fool—an ass," replied Galileo. That was his usual answer. When tho Pope and the cardi nals heard that the Scripture was to be made subservant to Galileo — when they heard that, with the exception of the texts that bore directly and immediately on faith and morals, all the rest was to be treated as allegory and myth, to be ex plained according to the whim of every man, at the very moment, too, when Pro testantism in its outbreak left the Scrip tures in hands of the multitude who were running amuck with them ; when the Pope and cardinals heard all this, they properly called on the bold Galileo, and asked what he meant. And why should they not? What did .Cardinal Bellarminc say to Galileo ? These were the words : — "We cannot so bind the interpretation of Scripture as to suit your style of astro-? nomy, for this I tell you, when the de monstration shall be found to establish the earth's motion, it will bo proper then to interpret the Holy Scriptures other wise than they have hitherto been in these passages which mention the moving of the heavens and the stability of the world." There was the answer of Home to Gilileo, The idea that the earth moved round the sun was au established scien tific fact, It moved, as they knew, with enormous velocity. They knew, more over, that its motion was essentially eon- trolled by the laws of gravity and of at traction. Galileo, who declared the Church should submit to bencl the Scrip tures to his theory, never heard of the laws of gravitation in his life, and he was three years dead and in his grave, when one of his disciples discovered, that the air could be weighed, and that it pressed down on the earth with tremendous pres sure and moved with the earth. Father Burke vindicated the Church at some further length with reference to its con duct towards Galileo. As regarded his imprisonment, he said he spoke disrespect fully and ungratefully of Urban the Fifth, but what was his condemnation? He was absolved from all censure, he was then _ told that he was to be kept in mild imprisonment during the pleasure of the Pope, his friend. That imprisonment lasted four days, aud on the evening of the fourth day he was told to go to the Florentine Ambassador, after which he was sent to His country seat. Yet Galileo was called a martyr. Father Burke con cluded, amid prolonged applause, with an eloquent peroration, expressing his faith in the immortal guidance of the Church, aud in the infalliable voice of Peter her Pontiff. His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop proposed a vote of thanks to Father Burke for his eloquent and instructive lecture. Alderman P. P. M'Swincy, Lord Mayor- Elect, seconded the vote of thanks to Father Burke. The Hev. Father Burke returned thanks. Alderman M'Swiney having been called to the second chair. On the motion of Sir James Power, Bart., seconded by Mr. J. F. Lombard, J. P., a cordial vote of thanks was ac corded to his Eminence for presiding, after which proceedings terminated. 