[AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAJI3.] Melbourne, Wednesdav. The action of Joseph O'Malley, S.M., against. Douglas Elder and A. T. Clarke, M.P., proprietor of the Williamstown Advert her, on a claim for £250 dama ges, the action having arisen out of an attack made by the Advertiser on O'Malley in connection with a cheque of £100, which Little was compelled by him to give for cost of transport of Wesleyan School excursionists to Bal larafc in February last. O'Malley's ap pointment was characterised as a political one, and he was inferentially called a bogfrotter, an incubus untaught, and an unteachable muff, ignorant of the bearing and manners of a gentleman, an imperfectly reclaimed creature, and other like terms. The jury found a verdict for the defendants. The following horses have been scratched: Ella, for the Midsummer Handicap, and Cronstadt, for the Hurdle Race. The decision of the Master in the case of Mary Ann Pennington has been confirmed by Judge Moleswortb. The girl has been ordered to leave Mrs Clinton, and to reside with Mrs Williams for six weeks. The debtor's summons by Wax man- v M. S. Levy was dismissed, on the ground that the service was bad. Waxman will have to commence de novo. A witness attended the Insolvent Court in a'-state of-intoxication, was committed for contempt, but escaped before the crier could arrest him. A boat accident occurred at St. Kilda, by the capsizing of a boat, a gentleman, two ladies and a boy was precipitated into the sea. One of-the ladies could swim, and saved herself, while the gentleman supported the other lady and boy until assistance arrived. The Theatre Royal has been closed for the production of the pantomime ' Harlequin Huinpty Dumpty.' ? . Dr Sylvester intends giving the great ghost illustration similar to those shown at the Polytechnic, London, at St. George's Hall. ... . . ' An engine tender and carriages passed safely over the Murray on the temporary bridge erected by the Deniliquin Rail way Co. Two witnesses were committed in the insolvent court to-day; one for prevari cation and the other for drunkenness. Melbourne went well in his exercise this niorniug and Maid of All Work was much fancied. ..???.-.- Mr 'McPherson, the Chief Secretary, is proceeding to Tasmania. The Sydney cricketers are showing fine form, the bowling of Evans and Coates being especially noticeable. 