j . ) ~THE AlpLAH® F^jPIT. A City Seetsser,: " Nothing' Extenuate, nor aught aefc down to L ' 'in ic ' taaUoe.?1:: ^ v ; , It jU becomea^titic.whose breath, is fcriticilrfl ;to' red^y^'^uii&itidly;' the criti oisma .ojr^cpiiten^preries;-and so with becoming, suhmissioiti your iSketpher, in the-'spirit of meekness, bowB hia head, "and meekly "receives the cassations of the Methodist journali i - .Tq. paint others—the defects or the ex cellencies of character; 'to- eulogise :^nt48Pi?::n>orfd?vorth;"'where^er it may' [be discovered-;-or on the'-Othet-haitd^tp "exhibit with , more a pr less promitfence,. imperfection-- in style^ 'and weakness id manner, may be regarded as a-sure .indi-, cation-that sonxeiiand in retufh will painjt; youv W .not-.alwayb be a faithful reflex; nor the photo, a "fab'-sijnile' of- the living original. -12our"' Sketched however, recipro'cates'the honest, ackho'wledgment of ■ the . Jouvnal's siib- ■ leader "that: the portraiture of the Key. James Bickford was faithful, and with.it isequally gratified^'. ' We dealt with the Itev,..President ap we found him, and ;in the spirit of the; motto-of this-critique-; and while excep tidniwaatdkeh to "otogeneraLprehmin£«ry observations, we can only assure our con temporary that no one more than City Sketcher has greater esteem for good men, and none would more readily eulogise, or even applaud, than'he, where honesty; right, and justice demanded it." For Huxley, -and Ty ndaii,- and Darwin; as men of thought' ahd education, and certainly ranking amongst the leading literati of the day, we have the greatest reverence;-Jbut for these andr-some-more; cited by the Journal as moral and religious reformers, _qut confidence has the j tpn^ity i of' af ^rope ;of sand;'5 and our ! regard has -not risen! above zero. Thp Church's 44 Talmages, Spurgeons, Pun khohB^andlStMleysl'iare^moraldeaven^tp the age, and yet the appearance of these men upon,the stage of religious action is exceptional; ahd; far • between. Lights; briil&nOhey; are,' we readily admit, yet they make by their brilliancy the general j darkness more apparent and more deeply J felt. -Every divine cannot be a Talmage, or a Punshon, or arSpurgeon, no more .than every propagator of new ideas: and creeds can be Huxley, a Tyn dall, or a Darwin,; [The multipli cation of churches and "-the increase of religious agents are no arguments as assumed: by • the Journal -that the pulpit occupies "the~stand it should do' among men, or that it is not losing power. Conceding- this point, the logical sequence would'f ollow that Papacy was all one could; desire; for[certainly until Luther drove home the wedge her agents; were in every land, multiplied, - too," in compound: ratio, and the "evidences of^h'er existence: and national importance reached -from: pole to pole. And; again, if the J"ournaVs logic, Js -sound,-, that the most recent, phenomenon in the' moral Armament—' Spiritism—must be" of God ; for its rise; and development: are unparalleled, : itsj agents are found almost everywhere, audi in zeal are not behind our clergy; and! now, not only throughout the American; continent, but throughout all Christen-i dom, its; adherents are numbered by; hundreds pf thousands. ' The Christian religion is the greatest; moral poVver in existence,' and its agents,; inspired by that love which constr aineth, i 44 should tahe hold and retairi'JJie 'world's: sympathy and attention." The existence,; and rapid development of error—be itj Spiritism, or the more dangerous Mate- i rialism of the age—and the fact that the j pulpit fails in reaching the masses, not withstanding " the erection of churches; in all directions, and the~employrnent,~ioj greater numbers than before, of . preachers; of the Gospel^" show that the pulpit is not maintaining- its rightful prominence and power,: and that? material refor ma-! tions must take place;before we have: those grand moral victories-^4.' HatibnB; born in a day." =. :: : " We tender our thanks to .the Journal for its favorable review of our icritique,. and can only assure, its readers'4' that i while they might be indisposed-to -enjoy ;| ah. article a week from the. pen of .City Sketcher, who writes so wildly in' endorsement that the- pulpit is fast de-i dining," . that Christian character and Christian men will • ever receive from; our pen such eulogies, consistent with' honesty, that their position and office' demand.. Bbv. Auchdbacon Dove, M.A. The Church over which this rev. gentleman presides, and to . which hp-is ministering angel, is situated; iu: the quiet and .picturesque, suburb of Walkerville, and if n6t large, an^ the .huilding.making no" pretension to' architectural. ornament or display, is nevertheless ;one of those sp6ts! which, fairly to Represent1 the' Ade laide .pulpit, your. Sketcher ; could not pas's by..; '* The Arcjid'eabonhimself is soipewhat of medium build; his sun has reached its zeinithT; has. some .gdbd;;pbints<j;VAh^;is possessed 'of a countenance .more Serene than Adam'left in Paradise, and; which seems. , to . indicate he is well/ , pleased with. hjimself, his, doctrine, and all his sutrdtrndings; ' His" congregation; | "cer tainly not. large, is the most pati^tAnd' attentive in the city, for inr a service of an hour and thirty-five minutes scarcely twenty was -taken' up in; the ex position of the subject of thejrev.''gen tleinan's discourse^ and yet ;%he interest reriained miflagging' to .'the' end.- .The' order and decorum herej dven among Suiall; boys, is worthy' of emulation ;in larger assemblies.. We ;bave vivid re collections- even ' . as we write, of sundryr.p6kes and pulls in our earlier days from amiable Church dignitaries, that we would recommend .all such forcible, reformers of juvenile depravity to pay-periodical visits to - Walkerville. "Whatmeasuresthe Archdeacon has adopted to bring about and maintain this decorum in the "House of-the Lord,5' we cannot say. We merely note the fact of its existence, and of all the churches yet visited,_we give the palm to Walkerville in this matter. Archdeacon Dove has the- fame of ex ; treme views, and the teachings and church at Walkerville the embodiment and quiet retreat of Sigh Churchism. High and Low Church are somewhat hackneyed expressions, yet. they convey • to the i orthodox Anglican more than ordinary significance, andf to 'advance one at the expense of the abasement and suppression of the other seems to our view the lead ing idea of the devout Churchman of the day. Of ArChdeadon Dove it may be said he is the very essence and type of theHigh ,Churchman—in appearand^, education, manner, style, accent, all yob could, desire or wish, and yet a priest into whose soul is burned the words uttered by the Bishop when he bowed his head to receive | the episcopal blessing, and the words of I consecration " receive "the Holy Ghost" .for the'wprk of a priest, ". whose . sins thou^'dpsfjrennt .they are remitted, and whose; sins thon dost:retain they are re tained." The rev. gentleman is far above the rordinary ;type r of mortals. "His in . sight intp character and his acquaintance Wifh . human nature we should put down as uncommon. To knOw thoroughly his congregationr in "their various shaded tit feeling and faithy he appears to have mas-' tered the inscription leading .to the hea then city/ " man,, know thyself." His command of himself was; only equalled by the command he had of. his audience, ..and both proclaim, that a master spirit throbs'in hidbreaet; Hesitancy in style or: the; slightest approximation, to. ner vousness was "nowhere to be seen. •Archdeacon ■ Dove is--, the master of his position J yet thoUgh the rev. gentle ;man, in-:blemeandr and." action, evi dently felt himself .the priest of Grod— . though/his voice was sweet, if not musical, yet there was a strange softness, ah effeminacy almost mechanical in his Avery 'Action,; word, and entire bearing, that we could hot avoid mentally thank ing God that he had no power over City Sketchier ; and we should certainly have regarded. our- case as-hopeless- had we to receive absolution at: hiB hands—our moral weakness, • like : the leprosy of' Haaman—the subject of the Archdeacon^s discourse-r- would certainly have cleaved to us for ever. 'lhe rev. gentleman is, indeed, ;High. Church—very Mgh:\There1 is'J salvation1 for poor sinners nowhere outside the pale of his community—no mistaking the object of his preaching—the restoration of the Church to her pristine glory. We felt as we listened that the old shout of the Jiidean enthusiasts was re- echoing here, "The temple of the Lord are We," and in our heart thanked God that our views of Christian truth, and the manner of 1 Christian worship,', were not quite SO elevated as the Church at Walkerville. The Church is the centre—the Alpha and the Omega—the svmmvm bonum of the rev. gentleman's preaching, and the ritual of worship all , tends to . this.. Crosses, bowings,' flexions,! and, genuflexions: are - the order of fhe -day. • r And what is^ the final aim,.theultimate goal pf all this? Is history to- repeat1 herself, _ and are we tp;h'a;ye: Again.1lii Our churchesthbhumbug ahdlpoUshness of the age of Constantine ? or Are We to" regard the doings of Dr. Pusey and his : school of -theology as 'an attempt to drive home the Wedge and shiver our Protestant position of freedom of thought, and worship, to atoms! Are we to ask.Jor the bread of life, and must our famished spirits receive in lieu thereof husks—dry, parched, worthless—. yes, wh.at the swine won't eat! - " There it no real safety for the soul in the best code of forms, Though, thy\theology be logical, and thy scheme most orthodox j Though thy sect be of the straightcsl, thy chain from thy fathers strongest. These are none of them comforters to bring a man peace at last." . The teachings of Dr. Pusey, and their reiteration, sad- to say, in many Anglican pulpits, wre only modifications of Romanism; but the system is disrobed ■from the blood and horrors of Spain and Smithfield, and' become " an angel of light." Catholicism, has had, and has at this hour, spasmodic revivals, sudden flashes like ' the colors of the dying dolphin. She is dying hard. What means the Guild of St. Albans ? How Ahall we account for the ritualism which is rending the Church of the empire iri our. native, land. ? Tell me why Protes tant Churches in ritual are nearly akin to Rome? Honest, devout, orthodox Churchmen stand to your shrouds ! Take hold of the wheel !: Some would guide yourcraftwhere your Protestantism would be lost in the mists and ritual of Rome. If ehange must take-place let it be on the side of Protestantism—less Romish, and more Protestant—and we: need fear nothing. - • One not accustomed to see candlesticks on the communion table of the. Church of England could not avoid asking if these at Walkerville were put there as part of an ornate Catholic ritual now- so noto rious in many of the home Churches, St." Albania • and- St. Margaret's for example.' What is their use? Of what; are they symbolical? especially'ak they are not lighted. Do they indicate - an empty i throne ; the glory departed and Ichabod [ written on the mercy seats ? If so, Pusey and those ' of his school had better abandon such elevated positions, and the sooner the better for themselves and the purity and. existence of the national Church of our empire. ' While .the surroundings at Walkerville have led us into this train of thought, in Archdeacon Dove, apart from this, there is much to admire and commend. Nature has-richly endowed him above his fellows. Winning manners, a pleasing countenance, a sweet voice, and more than an ordinary modicum of brainpower, Archdeacon Dove, might be a.Samuel among the Prophets of Israel. To. us as a reader he excels— old truths wear a new aspect, and cir cumstances impressed on the brain since ohildhood come out in new drapery from the lips of Archdeacon Dove, fresher and more fragrant than the opening rose. ! Cromwell, entering the Houses of Par liament after one of his hard-earned vic tories, commanded, concerning the mace, " Take away thatbauble." And did Arch deaon Dove break away from the tram mels of High-Churchism—sweep away its many forms, and remove this costly bauble—an imposing ritual—/etc men, very few,.would figure bo prominently in the Anglican Church in these Austral lands. ! Lamp Tops.—Should the fcrp of your lamp become loose, take it off and wash it with soap— I wash the glass also, then put plaster of Paris ; around the glass, put the brass top on again, let it stand until hardened, and it i > ready for use . again. A lamp never should bu filled quite full, j as the oil softens the plaster. - - •' 