CARDINAL MANNING'S RECEPTION IN ENGLAND. (From the Nome Netos.) On April 5 tbe new English Cardinal returned from Rome to tbe arcbiepiscopal resldonco in Fraucis-street Westminster; and on April 6 His Sminence held a reception, wbicb was so nume- rously attended tbat tue spacious suite of rooms was crowded to excess. At nine o'clock tbe carriages began to pour In at the gate of tho building, which was formerly known as tho Soldiers' Institute, and by ten the stream of visitors bad reached its height. Faring tbe landing at the top of tbe first. flight of stairs, Cardinal Manning, who wore the scarlet robe and skullcap not the biretta, stood just witbin tbe room to rc- ceivo the bishops, priests, nnd laity of bis Church | -who came to pay tbeir visit of respectful congratu- btioD— For ao boor or more-Iils Eminoocerm&ster.; ing tbe fatigue which, after bil loug and recent journey, he must have suffered, stood on the same spot, shaking by the hand one after another of the faithful, as esch in turn made obeisance before him. It wonld be a far less difficult task to namo those Roman Catholics, now in London, who were absent from last night's reception, than to enu merate all who were there. With one-exception, that of tho Bishop of Shrewsbury, who was pre vented by a passing attack of sickness from attending the reception, all the icomao Uatuoitc bishops attended. Of tho Inity, tho Duke of Norfolk, tbe Marquis of Ripoo, tbe Earl of Denbigh, Lord Robert Montagu, Sir Charles Clifford, Mr. Clifford, tho Hon. Mr. Stonor, Mr. Francis Stonor, Cnptaiu Nolan, and several Irish members of Parliament were among tho flrst to kiss tho baud of Cardinal Manning. Few only of the clergy or laity romained in the chamber with His Eminence; but tho adjoining room, which is of considerable size,' was very soon blocked .by -animated-groups, vwaoafl.minglcd_hum..oLcciivcrr. s ition grew louder and louder, _till it drowned tho voice of the usher standing at tbef door of t be next apartment to call the names of fresh comers. The principal room in wbicb this notable com pany assembled was remorkablo for tho plainness of its furniture and Iho abtsonce of all adornments, .flftvo— QDlv_picLureaoL-the_-Baiuts. and -'a few ecclesiastical objects of art carved in ivory and wrought in metat. Thoro, under a purple velvet cnnbpy.-was the silver cross whioh has been car ried before Cardinal Maooing during his nrchlcpis- iCOpacy.—.Mpgtrpf-lho paintings, _mu notibly-ooo- by somo Yery early Italian mastor, representing" St. jSobastian and two other saints, wero tbe gifts or bequests of Cardinal Wiseman. Tea.snd coffee wore served in this room to tho visitors, who found much to interest them and to engage their atten tion for a long time among the psftlters nnd other religions books displayed on the tnhlcs ; which likewiso bore, by-t he-bye, plans of that cathedral 6Ptniiy descrlbahle,' In the romotenrps of its possible realisation, ns "The Church of tbT Future."- Not the youngest and mot-t sanguine j "Itornnu Catholic oxfC'dlTto «ee tho inetfopblitaiT culhcdral of the llomun communion un ncoom- Ipliahed fact. Tho principal elevation druwn by tho architect, Mr. Qonry Sutton, shows a Gothlo church of tho- Amiens type, lutendod to bo as largo as that same model of thirteenth-century architecture, even to tho height of its exquisitely graceful stooplo which Is 213 foot from tho pave ment. Supposing that tho funds can bo raiBoa for tho oarryiug out of a plan so vast, Roman Catholics of iho second or third gonoralicn from tins period of good iutout.may gladden their oyos with a sight of a cathedral church of WoslmiUBlor, rivalling the- yet scarcoly rivalled building of Evrnrd do Foullay, forty-ufth Bishop of Arnions. At present tho monoy subscribed for tho work might suflico to build ono of tho small sido chapels imrdly noticonblo in the- bird's-eye view of the proposed cathedra), as it is drawn by tho nrehi- tcct Such woro tho"toplcs Inridontal to tho conver sation in the arcbiepiscopal residenco on the oven- -fng-named, — Buttboy-woronpart from lho.simplo_ object of the gathering, whioh was to hail tho return of Cardiual Manniog, and to testify jnjho mo8t-uumistakablormauDor_to_thbljdy.,of_..tho Roman Catholio communion in .England at n!s cievatiou. Soon thoro will be another nnd a more formal assembly, at which tho address now In preparation will be prcsoutcd. Cardinal Manniug preached at High Mass on April 11, attheChnrch ofSt.Charlos, Oglo-stroot, Portlnnd-road. Ills Eraiuonco woro a ecarlot lbutatierfrt8tened-at tho waist with a rieh olnoturer from which depended heavy bullion tassels, a ecarlot tippot and cap, nnd a lace surplice. Taking fWhlati'Xtr4l"At-that-time-Jesua-Baid-to-tho- PharUcos, I am tho Good Shepherd" (John x. 11—15) Ins eminence said that all who bo- longed to tho fold of the true Church had Christ for their Shopherd. He knew tbem and watched OTerthera, and tboy knew Him, nnd trusted in Bis protecting care. He HioiBolf had said, " I know Mino, and Mine know Mo." Unhappily, Ihore wero millions of Englishmen who did not belong "tbtlie"r6ldof"tho ono true Chnrch— the-Church- wbioh Christ had founded,. and_of which Ho was the Head— and it was the doty of every Catholio to pray for those who wore in that unfortunate position. The peoplo of Englaod had voluntarily abandoned the Catholio Church. They had been most foully robbed of their faith by a sensual and tyrannical king, aided by wicked courtiers, a fow apostate bishops, and . a baudful of infidel men. Wblvoa" bad'gofc- among—the -sheep— and had separated them from tbe fold, and for generations they bad been taught to trust in false shepherds. But the people of England, who had been so long .led aBtray» were at length beginning to realise tho magnitude of tho blessing of which thoy had been robbed, and to seek shelter once more witbin the fold of tbe Chnrcb of Christ. Tho Good Shepherd was calling tbem together. " And other sheep I havo, thoy are not of this fold ; tbem also I must bring, and thoy shall hear my voice, nnd there shall bo one Shepherd and one fold." Ho orgoi bis hearers to pray for the retnrn of England to tho ono true Church, to pray for the bishops and priests of tbo Chnrch, tbat tboy might prove themselves tmo shepherds of tho flocks committed to their care, and to so rogulato tbeir own lives : that they might be living examples of tbe truth of Catholicity. Tbe voice of the Good Shepherd wos now speaking to England through His Church aodtfioday was notfArdislantwhenthat-voice would be heard throughout tho length and breadth of the land. Ilis Emineuco concluded by bestowing tho Pontifical benediction. French akd Bgi-gtar Criminals.— A" "hew convention has just been promulgated betweon Franco and Belgium for the extradition of malo- fnclors of every kind. No more duois enn bo fought oo the Belgian frontier, as blows and words come henceforth within the range of. cases provided for by the articles. Tho abdoctien of women over age can alono be made tho' object of an application to bare the criminal arrested, as the ordinary law provides for all cssob in wbloh young girls nro concerned. Absconding cashiers and fraudulent bankrupts will no longer enjoy Bocurity";"nndrlasl!y"(aDd"thiB-cIause-8eenj8-te- poinl to a future Commune), all persons who aro guilty of the destruction or damage of pnblio monuments, works of art, titles, documents, registers, aud olkor papers, will be sabjoot to extraditioo. — Criticibsi; — Speaking of-anTtallan- tragedian, Sisnor Salvini, now playing in Londan, the Saturday Jievicta "says t— " If the possession and misuse of great natural gifts, if the will nnd the power to strip one of Sbakspcare's noblest crea tions of almost every touch of poetry, to present in place of (be noble-minded Moor a savage ruffian, .grossjn_tbought.and ia action, to inspire repul sion where there sbonld be admiratioo, disgust where there should be compassion— if theso things mako a groat actor, then is SSignor Salvini, in Othello, trnly great." And after a lengthened description of the performance, concludes thus "To sura up; Signor 8alvinl possesses great vigour, a fine presence, aud a magnificent voice. Bis conception of Othello is at once improbablo and revolting. Of true emotion be bos little; and of unconsciousness of self, nothing. In the very torrent, tempest, and whirlwind of passion he over seems to be thinking of what effect be will produce; and it is partly this want of self- forgotfulnoss which xnalces his passion appear brutal. It ia ruroonred that he may undertake others of Bbakspeare's characters before her leaves EoglandL It is possible tbat to them the want of imagination and true feeling may balnea painfully evident than io bis Othello." The Nome News, speaking of the same performance, praises tbe actor for Mb jhst conception of the poet's Inten tions, and the total absence of all attempts at stage effect. " Tbey can't both bo right, or if tbey are, theirJdeas of acting are very different. The Brhtbu Navy.— The Dispatch says i — A particularly serious statement has been made to the effect that upwards of £4, COO has been paid to the Crowo, during the past twelve months, by seamen, as purchase money for their dis charge from the Navy. -Ab discharges are only "granted to men of a superior order nod of good character, tbe fact of tbiv £4,GC0 having been paind is a serious matter, as showing that many of oar most valuable seamen are leaving the service. Of course, large numbers of others have had their applications refused, as not being con sidered worthy of the privilege, so that we find that wo are loaiog the best bauds, while thoso of the least valuo aro rotaiaed. Salt Mines of Cdacow.— This vast depth is divided into four distinct eloroys of fields, ono bnlow tho other. In ,tho second storey is n great lake, C50 feet long, and. 40 feet deep, formed of tlio salt water which Irickles through the elrata. Tbe visitor Is rowed across , this subterranean shoct of water, and"aftor liolias arrivedTiYtho furlh'crTlioFe" and descended to the tiiird storey, he lcaros to his surprise, that the lake ho has just traversed is directly over his head. The several storeys are simply Immonse excavations out of tbo solid salt, hut much artistic taste has bcon displayed through successive generations In tho decoration of these chambers. The chapel in particular, consist of a beautiful Gothic temple, dedicated to St. Anthony, 'and contains many statues and obelisks, formed of rock-salt, and also An altar, pulpjjt, &c.; -The Grand Reception.OiramhQr.fs a gignntioJmi,_ thebriabt"frnnrtho-flQor-tothucoilmg- bring- within CO feet as great as that of the Monument. In this hull tho members of the Imperial family are received when" thoy visit-tbTmibc8 ; and tbip7 together with tbo principal passages and other chambers, is then brilimntty illuminated, the crystals of. rock salt.sparkling exquisitely In the blazo of torches. Thoro is room for at least 1,000 persons to dino in' this chamber-without locon- "veDi"enndil's""dimen8ionR aro so vast, that, despite tho number and the hrilliancy_of_tho TurIdrO'rtViff!nGtwitlHljm»lirfg"ttmt"ineg!ittoring" will! »nd ronf lend io reflect tho hlnzo, tho uyo.lu valu attompts to fathom its vastacss. Toe Craze' of SmiTraii.— ' Tlio JVeu ; Tork Chemical Jleview Btato. that 3,000,000 ot pooplo in tho United Stnlos havo boon nflbctod by tbo spiritualietio craze. Of all tlio forms of Ineomty tula is cotiBidorcd tho most hopoIoaD. JjoaTlup; out Idloto, thoro nro 24,000 madmen in tho llo- nublio. and of this number 7300 csbss nro diroolly troccablo to opiritiom. Eduootcd and aciontino mon, as a rulornro nhsnoctod by tho contagion, which. oh icily doludostbodHitorato. Tee Parliament! of "the World.—' Tho Par liaments of tho world nro thus duOuod by a Kow York journal published in French Yorsailloo Assembly — an assomblago of honest jnoo, so anxious for tho good of tbolr country tbnt thoy aro not afraid of injuring hor in their zoal— tho old Nspoloonio axiom, trap de tile, 1 ho Gorman ItoichBtug— a class of studouts- who often quarrel with thoir professor, but always oboy him. Tho English Parliament— oxcollontmunuraoturors. who hare long ainoo glvon up working for expor tation. Hungarian Chamber — hussars lurried shepherds. American Congreas — rare fcllowa, with tbo pistol. Italian Cbambor— Gurilratdinns In session. Spanish Cortes — frequently absont. Honolulu Parliament — not mora uncivilised than tho others, Comfout in HANorao.— Tho Ban Francisco Net as Letter writes ub as follows:— "Vasquoz'a comfort Is being looked ont for with a zost and consideration h'nrdly"td— bo- oxpoctod-from- tbo- gontlomou who bunted him down with such avidity. Thoir iatost kindness Is tho transports- lion from-Sacramonto-to-San-Joso-of-the-rope- whlcli hung Eatrado. Hons but thoso who hBve experienced, can roaliso how muoh mors uncom- fortablo it Is to be hangod with a now rope than an old ono. Tho formor is harsh, stiff, unplloble, and doesn't Bottle into the creases of tho throat with that loving confidence of a Btricg nsedto the business. The old rope, on tho othor hand, Jhaying goMhoJiaug of the neck, ao to speak, adjusts' itself with the praoliaod sklll of an'old dealor. and sende a mao-td-glory ia . solemn comfort. Wo hope also Ibis economies! dodge, this saving expense to the Government, will bo a point in their favonr should theso officers ever come to be investigated," I» I'd a Donkbt. — Lord Shaftesbury is a men of many gifts, but none of these gifts certainly can have beenreceiredby bim with a better grace than tbat pre sented to bim oh Wednesday by tlio ccstcrmongcrs, of 'whoM society be is president, — valuable donkey. Tbo donkey was led np stairs to the platform of tbe Forester's Hall, in Wilderness How, Goswell Road, where the Earl presided, and was formally de livered over to bim, with eulogy on tbo donkey's good qualitie., especially bis taste for good oompeny end good living. The Earl, in thanking the coster- mongers for their gift, sold " he wonld send his newly- acquired friend down to tbo country, where bo would be well treated by bis grand-children. When he (tbe Earl) passed away from this life, he desired to have no more said of bim then tbet be bad done his duty whilst in it, as the poor donkey did bis, with pstionco and unmurmuring resignation." Bterno's sentimental reverie on odead donkey woe inferior in every respoct to Lord Shaftesbury's pathetic praise of tho living one. Indeed, ho hit the Tory quality which donkey simulate, if .lt hey do not possess, — resignation as distinguished both from more endurance end from stolid indiiTorenco. Alone, almost, among animals tho'donkeycanroolly sigh;- -Spectator. A Quadruple Execution 'at Banokobl— The culprits wore four — an incendiary, senteneod to bavo bis hand cat off ; a murdoror, to ba ripped open ; tho third, a political offender, to be de- li vered"tawi ld'boasts ;and- tho_fonrlb, a blas- phomer, to have hi9 head burnt off. Tho execu tioners made full speed, grinding tbeir axes nnd sabres, dressing tbe furnace, and preparing tbo bellows. -Tho-inccndiary camo first nnd tendered his wrist, and bis band immediately was seen flying in the air. Tho mutilation did not appear to affect him much, for ha went amongst tho crowd to witness tha followiug executions. Tho murderer next tskos a seat on a stone, end whilst they are cutting into his ahdomcD he keeps biting a banana; the sufferer is then seen to gnash his teelhrnad,-nndor horriblo-couvulsions, loacs-lho banana and sinks to riso no more. Tho traitor to tbe king meanwhile is lookiug down a den speaking to tho tjgers, and recommending thorn to ehnrpon their appetitos. The executioners scizo Lira, pass a ropo under his nrme, and lower him slowly_ioto too horrible bole, after wh'oh"thoy slowly. draw the rope np. Thou wobenr, Bays M. Chaulncs, an eye-witness, something like mofHod crepitation ; from lima to time a human form in socn jorlred up ; tho breaking of the skull and tho thigh-bones is distinguishable. The wild beasts are roaring ail tbe time, but no human cry is audible. As for tiro sacrilegions'criminal, tbo executioners tied htm on a plauk, and placed his bead between two coal-pans. Tboy then work tbo beljows, and direct jets of fiamo on tho culprit's head, who continues singing what is supposed to be an impious or blasphemous sung. His lompies ere blistering under tbe darts of fire, and yet no continues Iris psalmody. Meanwhilo his body writhes in awful convulsions, his eyes are blcediDg, tbo bonos cracking, and ho finally gives up tbe ghost with s fearful yell. On Good Friday (says Iho Dispatch) thotimo- honourcd custom of flogging, in-efiigy, the false ApoBtla was carried oat with all duo ceramooy by the crews of eovoral vessels of Portuguese aud Soath American nationalities at tbe Hocks. The manner of performing tho ceremony was In each lostanco preoisoly similar. At daybreak a life- sized figure of a man dressed in Bailor's costume, with jack boots, is boiated to tho' masthead, and In order that the identity of tha effigy shall ha folly established, it placard is faBtoned to tho breast, hearing tho inscription, in Forlnguese, "This is Judas Iscariot." Tho effigy remains mastheaded until ohont six a.m.. wbon the entire shlp'a-craw-easiBta-ln-lowoFing It down-lo tho deck, tho ship's hell meanwhile keeping np an incessant clanging, .The figure is carried threo times round tire deck and finally IsBhcd to tlio capstan, r.nd tbo orew bolubour it v/ith kuoltcd ropes amid loud yells aud shouting. Tbo clothes aro cnt away In Bbreds, and when tho fignro is completely denuded, tbo block of wood which doca duty for tire body is kicked all over tbcdsok, sus- pended to a line, nnd thrown overboard into tbe (locks and repeatedly dipped. Owing to tlio dook regulations, the stump conld not bo publicly burnt, but it was chopped np into smell fragments ami. handed ovor to tbe cook to bo destroyed under tho gaiioy fire. Transit of Tends.— Our readers will bo glad to learo that Mr. Russell, the Government Astro nomer of this colony, haB arrived safoly fa London and that the Royal Astronomical Society accorded to him a vory distinguished reception. It would appear by the following telegram tfaut tho-phsto— -erapli8.ho-waa.abloto..exhibit.oro.lho_bost.serlcs. yet produced " London, May 1C.' Russell dis tinguished reception Aslrnnnmleal Shcioty. Best series photos, exhibitor!." — S. 31. Herald. Heavy Penalties. — CharloB Henry Martoll, was summoned, nn Tuesday, March 30, at the instance of the Inland Revenue Department, In "the'lIullFolico-court-for-mnuufncturing- tobacoo- wilhout a license, and, secondly for being in -possession oClimelroe leaves wherewith to udnl- tnrhte tho sai<i article. Defendant was statejL to have been seen making fancy or cracking cigars "nud'clRifroltea.llBomoof thosoworqpmchaaedby- an officer of tlio Exoise, and on bolng nnalym'd' were found to contain 74 per cent, of llmctrco leaves, "7-pnr cent of- cnlrmreJ.paper, .arid-11'. per- cqnt. poly of tobacco. A lino of £200 on each count in the ehargo was inflicted, beiug in all £400. A curata of Lower Brittany at tho conclnsion of his sermon on Palm Sunday, said to his flock, ".My brethren, I shall oonfesa tbo liars on Monday, the oovctons on Tuesday, tho slanderers on Wed nesday, tlio thieves on Thursdoy, tho libertines on -Fridny,— nnd-tbe-bad-woincnon-BaUirdsy." — It- may be supposed that no uno went, and tliu ourato had a holiday. i A New OniME. — ' Wo havo "all hoard of tb. sohoolboy passing tlio oimrchynrd at night, and 11 Whistling aloud to 'loop his eourngo up,,' but novor till now did wo hoar of a boy having to pay Os. Od. for whistling in a markot-plnoo. We onn hardly bolloyo tiro report of tlio Carn-.call Advertiser to the offcot thntWillinm Jnbn-Rodda,- a lad of about 17, had to pay Os. Od. oosta in rospool of a summons issued on tho requirement of tiro Rov. G. A. Warnor, who snid ho was under .tbo dootor's trentmont on necount of his ears, anil that while making purchases in tho meat runrket a few days ainco bo wsb nnnoyod by ltodda'e whistling — so muoh so as to bo obliged " to leave his purobosos, money, and markotiug in tbo most- mnrkot." Roddo, it seems, was performing a buylBh soliloquy whilo playing with a sot of weights nnd eonlcs, nnd a butcher, a bystander, said "ho hoard Roddn. ploying with (bo soiileaand whistling, but not very loud." Mr. Warner bought a sheep's hend, nnd Ihon wlshod to ctop tho hoy's mouth;. and a witness declared that, to a rough inquiry for his uamo, tlio boy answered " must roBpoclfully that it was Roddn,"— lu court, tho mayor Informed Mr. Warner V tho lad won vory sorry, and would apologise," but it pleased Mr. Warner to question tho sincerity of ltodda'e ropootauce, aud so, tho report conoludoe, " the boy had to pay the coate.". Why, in tbe name of juatlco, did not tho mayor dlsmisB tho aummons 7 Supposo tho boy cannot pay ; Is he to be disgraced throngh-lifo-as-B- gnol.bird..for_whiBtllng_in_an — open market-place ? — Fcho. Tho rov. complain ant in this case, appears to bavo gone to tbe wrong-Bhop-to-purcliasea- aheop'sGuinil, From what wo have soen, bo could bavo obtained tbe artiole he Wanted, un application to the sapient individual on tbo Beuoh ; and if he had required oithor a calfe or an ass's head, wo bavo no doubt , tho same gentleman could have obligod him, ea there aDnears to have hoeo plenty of tbo commo- dity at bis disposal. Ed. DM. Action von Damages Aoainbt a Youno Ladt.- — Mis9Bfndfdrd,a"youRglRdyrliving- nirElni Park, Liverpool, .was sued, by Mia..Ada_Brcaton, daughtorof an ex- Mayor for Kiddermlnstor, at the Bangor Sheriff's Court, for dzmogoc for in juries caused through reckless driving. Tho plaintiff was in Moatyo-strcot, Lhududoo, when the defendant, her sister, and father rodo up at a furious rate, knocking Mrs. Bronion down, and hurting her so seriotrsly, that olio roniaiood a "month undbr'ih'odieal treatment after the Occident. Tbo threo rode on, leaving tire plaintiff to her fate aud all applications for compensation romained unanswered. The jury assoBsed tho damages at £100. 