THE 'SOrENCE' OF SPIRI TUAlilSM. {Scientific American^ On page 359 of the last volume of the Scientific jlmkrican, we presented tome of 'the teachings of science regarding spiri tualism; to-day we further elucidate the subject by brief allusions to some of the facts in the history of this latest epidemic of superstition.' It broke out about 25. years ago, and th^ ^manifestations were popularly known as Rochester knockings or spirit-rappings. The first mediums were three sisters i their name was Fox. They invented the raps, the rap language, and a good part of the spiritual lingo. They originated: the seance, and drove a lively business. Spiritualism speedily became a recognised institution ; there was no lack of mediums ', notoriety and money 'were the substantial incentives ; people, it is said, are fond of humbug, and pay more liberally for it than for the necessaries of life. The majority of people, as at the pre sent day, looked upon spiritualism, as a supremely silly thing; the scientific world treated . it with ridi cule or with a silence inspired by disgust and contempt. There were investigations ; and although many of them were very foolish, the rapping trick was fairly ex posed. The raps were traced to the pef-J sons of the Fox. girls. The mechanism of the raps was concealed and protected by the defences of womanhood; k- the modest investigator the girls' skirts were barriers more formidable than stone walls. Had women dressed like men, there surely could have been no spirit-rappings, and probably no spiritualism ; we com mend the fact to Herr Taufelsdroeck, the great philosopher of clothes, and we shall, look for a discussion of itinafuture edition of his ' Sartor Resartus.' Qf the de vices employed by the early mediums, the most elaborate and successful was that of a bar of lead suspended at its centre by an elastic cord attached to and operated by the leg; of course this was available only to women, and the men were obliged to resort to something elsel v:The devotees appeared in swarms,, and at the very beginning, and with the same capacity of swallowing as those of . the present- day; 'let a jackass bray in the ? presence of . ' your genuine spiritualist, iand, at a hint from his' medium, he hears therein only the gentle and loving voice' of his dead grandmother. The early ex posures counted for little among the faith iful; a thousand bogus raps, they said, could not disturb their faith in the one that they knew to He genuine. Mbo the . theory was invented -t a very early day j that there are wicked spirits, which make : honest mediums cheat and lie. Thus the Rochester knockings became modern spiritualism, with a vitality and , diffusiveness comparable to those of the' Canada thistle. F^pift. the ridiculous begtnniiig of what, in itftjinceptionj -was! probably -an innocent ireak of ;a little' girl, we have to-day a superstition which will make the nineteenth century memo rable for all time. ;, Spiritualism, as an ism or theory, was soon perfected. But the charlatanry by which it is mainly kept alive depends upon juggluig tricks, which may be m©di fied and improved. For jugglery, like all human artSj is improvable, and is go verned by the laws Of evolution. The raps grew into a thousand and one modi fied forms. Some of theinew tricks, like the spirit apeaking andjWriting, and plan chetto, were too thin, and are retained only among the most- saturated of the devotees; 'white/ those; that had- the strength of . real merit 6t ingenuity, like tho Davenports' cabinet and; rope tying, have maintained their popularity. ' At last, and we wish we could believe it the final culmination of such -things', we have the spirit materialization. The materiali zation trick was invented, by a medium of this city, named Gordon, about two years' ago. His exhibition; ? was some what artistic, and is worthy of a descrip tion^ .A curtain of mosquito netting, Bitretched across the room, .'separated the, operator and his paraphernalia from the spectators ; theinetting served to protect the medium from intrusion, and also to give a more ghostly appearance ' to the objects exhibited.. In. the middle of: the spiritual sanctum was erected ,a gorgeous altar or throne, about which Gordon, arrayed in a priest ly robe, inoanted or chasseed during the performance. The light was turned down to that faintneHS in which ghosts and spirits love to walk abroad; Gordon makes his right arm invisible by Idrawing over it a black cloak. Be raises thus arm away from and at the side of his body, holding in his right hand a common paper mask or false face, .such as the chudren get for their amusement at a cest of five or ten cents, each. Then he gently moves the mask through the air, or ducks it or bobs it up and down, &s.; The per formance is repeated with variations, other masks and. other motions, for an hour or two. Some of the masks are a little dressed up by means of a white handkerchief thrown over a part or dang ling from the lower end ; in such simple ways is an old lady with a white cap, or a baby in a - long 4iess; consixueted ; a bride is got up by placing a gauze veil in front of the mask. Gordon's repertoire of masks was extensive ; he was able to bring up the spirits of men, womenr and ; babies of all races of mankind. . ; from the front of the netting, the view, especially to the eyes of the devotee, was. impressive. Gordon was a solemn great high priestr or head centre.; and in re sponse to his incantation,: the spirits of the departed, as ijif&l;&e; as if they were flesh- and. blood, . appeared at - hia side. The materialised.spirits were often recog nised^ It was a common thing ..to hear from the crowd, of eager spectators sighs and soTjs, and, such expressions as 'Is that you^ Jane?' .. ' Is , it pay grand mother?' . 'Is your name. Smith?' 'It is my darling Bobbie ; are you happy 1' ''... To all of which, through Gordon's skilful manipulation of the masks, came the appropriate responses. But Gordon's career as a materialiser lasted only a lew weeks. One evening, in, the midst of the performance, a gentle man of the audience leaped over an inter-, yening table, dodged -Gordon's confede rate, dashed through the mosquito netting, and had Gordon securely in his arms. Gordon was thus caught . in the act ; he held a mask in his hand, and : others were taken . from the folds of his robe and other places. 