THE TURF AND THE IPSWICH HANDICAPS. I The number of nominations for the handicaps speaks well for. the prospects of the turf down South, and it is not improbable t.ha'. should the acceptances be in anything like a fair pro pori'in, the racecourses of the north will be Irea'ed 10 a si^-ht of some of the Sydn-/y and Victorian handicap horses Mr. E6d fie has berom : Ihe owner of Newbold. who h 'Ids a place be- ween The Ace and The Prophet in th«- list of weights. A list which contains the name? of many horses well known to Queens I land tui fitesi if not familiar to Maryb ir-mgh raring men The ha^di-a: pers' estimate of Zauco is not so i'igb as those who have only s- eu him race against. Queensland horses uii^ht have been led to exp -ct, and though he Wi 1 be running 011 a course which he has the advantage of Ijeisig famil ar with, our own opinion is that 8st. 5 tlis is ton much for. Zanco to carry in the company. If he is witliin a stotie of The Ace's best form, he is a better horse than the be-it we have yet owned iu this colony — North Australian. The Prophet is, we believe, scratched s and of the lir-avy weights the hor.-e we most fancy is NewbuM, who has run and won over the distance and und-r the weight in, what we t hink, belter comp:iuy than he is handicapped to meet here. Wanderer's weight, highly as we t!nnk of Mr. Kent's little chestnut, is enough to put him out of ''ourl. unless he ha« grown and thh-kened into a different stamp of hor.-e to what h;i was wheu he won the Forced Handicap at Maryborough in iS73. Wariner is a horse wi h a nice weight on his ba-k, but. notwitnsianding this, out of plai-e -n the company If we are not mistaken he is a. horse that, rau against i'iiu at one of tbe Western t'hristmas meetinjs, and we ihi .k beat him, thr 'U^h a fluke, in one race, but in two other*, while in receipt of lumps of weight, was beaten by the Irishman, and good ho ? s ' thou.'h Erin undoub t-dly is, when fit. lie is -scarcely clas? enough for a trial hor.-e for first-rate c mpany. ' The Diik' is a h^rse the supporters of the home stable should be afraid o', as he comes amongst us with a good reputation and a rare racing pedigree, being by The Barb out of Robina, and has a racing weight to travel under. Though a very smiall horse, if he accepts at the weight, we should hold him as dangerous. The lioekhamp'ou horse Kingston, by King ston, is abie to race, but his best performances scarcely ulace him in the same class as the top weights, though we hold bis chance to be better than hoises of the Mariner type. By the way, to estimate the chances of .dariner for these raccs. let us suppose Erin in at two stone more than mariner. Und^r this weight it i-= certain Erin would not have a. ghost of a chance, but I'rin can give Mariner two stone and a bpating. Erin oould not win at two stone more than Mariner's weight, but Erin could beat Aiariner at '.bat weight. Therefore Mariner cannot win at his handicap weight. In a future paper we intend to analyse the handicaps at greater length, and to give some * account of the horses entered, but for the present we would adv se the public not to bet against The Dirk until he is scratched. 