A QUADRUPLE EXECUTION; AT BANGKOK. The culprits were four--an.. incen diary, sentenced to have his hands .cut off; a murderer, to be ripped open; the third, a political offenider; to be ,delivered to wild beasts; ani the fourth a blasphemer,, to have his head chopped off. The executioners mdde full speed, grinding their axes and sabres, dress ing the furnace and "preparing the~i bellows. The incendiary :came first and. tendered his wrist,' and his /haind was imm'diately aeen flying in thesair The mutilati6n did not appear to affect him much, and hey went amongst the crowd to witness the following execu: tions.. The murderer next took a seat on a stone, and whilst-they are cutting intch' his abdomen he keeps biting. a banana. The sufferer is then seen to gnosh his tee", . and; under. horrible convulsions, : the banana, and sinks to rise li, .:.ore. The traitorteo: the king: is meanwhile looking dohi a, den speaking to the tigers, and re'coi. mending them to sharpen their appe= tites. The executioners seize him, pas' a rope uncer. his arms, ?ad lower: him slowly into :the :horrible hale,i after. which they slowly draw the rope ap. T'hen we hear, says ,M. Chaulnes:;an yer-witness, something like mnufifld' ,repitation; from time to tiine a human" form jerkedi up; the, breaking of ii~ skull1and thigh-bonesis distinguishable: T:he wild beasts'are roaring all the time, but no"' manaeury is audible; : As for the sacr. ,gious ,,crkminal, the execu tioners ties him oi a plank, and placed his -head between two coal-pain. They then work the bellows, and diref;'" ets of flame on the culprit's head, who,cop tinues singingrwhat is supposed to be ai2 impious or blasphemous song. 'His teniles are blistering under the daits 1t .fire, and yet he: continues' his ';asimody. Meanwhile,' his body writhes in: wful convalsions, his eyes are bleeding, the bones cracking, and ie finally; gives up the, ghost with: a earful yell.: A prospectus has been pt:xblshed in Adelaide of: a steamship icoep'aany3:? puichase two fourteen-knot steanmers or he Adaidedeand Melbourne trade, ': iiLLOriwAi's Piris.--The diseases coni-, aot to our climate vwhich endanger mjan's condition will always exist, though many. nay bhe itigated and their effects removed by timely ,?id appropriately applied: Hol o?way's Pills re acknowledged far aiid iide to be the maost effectivei purifier of he bloi,: the most certain ;regulator .of :isorddetl' organs, ?o'd the m:st innocent peant 'that cdan be p scribed:: This s ' applis" all Alike;.young c r ht t eitu no~f 