ghosts. Who has not lam awaks of night I and saen them ; even as Macbeth be held the jmpaipable embodiments of hia remorse ? When all ie still, save perhaps the sough of the night wind as it creeps around the house, or dashes down the ohimney, or waile among the trees without, or the sharp monontonoue oliok of Jthe house clock Dreaks the weird silence of the hour, or some dyspeptic dog bays at the moon — who has not lain at such an hour and looked upon his ghosts ? And as they troop past him in endless number ; their mocking, ghastly shapes each stimulat ing shameful memories, eaoh calling up a mean and dismal story ; each invok ing backward tbohght that fills bis face with the blushes of humiliation, how keenly comes the senee that these are ghoBts no art oan exorcise, no will ean banish. For come they not in spite of ourselves; lurk ing in the wine oup, eohoed in the laughter of our friends, shadowed in the smiles of our loves—never absent, always at hand, to mock and grinjat ub? Does he live who is not haunted by these ghosts, and who hath them not, at his elbow at all times? Many such a man lives, I know; to whom nature has been kind, and to whom the word remorse conveys no meaning save that of shame. Thrice happy he who oan look upon his hands, and never see the stains that others re cognise on theirs Thrice happy ha to whom the memory of bad deeds done can bring no torture, and convey no shame. 'Tie not he who lies awake amidetthe silence and the daruness of the night, and looking back revokes his ghosts, and bathes in the sweat of Bhame and remorse. At suoh a time the man who conjures up his ghoBts may well laugh at the cant wtr.oh is echoed in the word gentleman. For Bure, who can look back on the spotless life which alone can dub him with tue title — and claim it? Who, as his ghosts troop past, with mocking grin, can pique himself upon his character as gentleman ? Not one, I swear, of millions ; not one, but who is tortured by some ghastly ghosts which forbid the thought, and sneer baok the hops ; some ghastly ghosts which tell of mean, and most unworthy deeds of overreachings, lies, and treacheries; of coarse greed, and unscrupulous schemes; of base intrigues at.d shameless trick eries ; of friendship returned by ingrati tude; or love rewarded by lust; or trust and confidence by falsehood and d'ehonor. Who lives, I say, who, as he lies awake in the darkness and silence of the night, oan keep away these ghosts, and say a prayer in thank fulness that no past thought or deed has ever sul ied bis claim to gentleman ? No man, I think ; for in these times, it is literally easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle — and it shall be a sailmaker'a — than keep invio late the Bpotless honor of a gentleman. Do you not believe this ? Reflect, and behold how soon and how readily your ghosts will tell you that I speak the trueh. Lying awake in the silence and the darkness of the night, behold that grim phalanx of our shame and wrong. See how each wears the visage of one whom in life we professed to honor, and whom, in our life, we mocked. Yonder the semblance of our father, or our mother. How feel we now? Do their shadows gladden us with thoughts of respeoc and honor paid to them ? Why then do - tbey look so sad and pained. Ah ! this touches us, and well we know the oause. For the age of the observance of the commandments is of the past, and he who in his youth honorB his father and his mother, and speaks not of them as the "old man" and the " old lady," is not of our time. As we lie awake in the darkness and the silence of the hour, how many a shame ful disrespeot — thoughtlessly committed, .but none the less a shame — surges upon our memory. Our mother's mournful face, her trembling lip, her loving yet reproachful eves — ah ! doth not our ghost show this and these things to us, so that we bury our faoe in our hands and pray forgiveness. Anon, pass other ghosts — the sweet girl whom we thought we loved, and who believed we did and — there ; let that ghost pasB on. Sho is dead, and we ! we live to remember. And so they troop by, and shew us how, as life sped on, we hardened the more, and lost all save veneer of honor and truth ; how as life sped on we learned to laugh at all prin ciple save that of whioh the law com mands observance, and of whioh it punishes the violation. And as our ghosts teaob us this, the grim thought comes to us that many a poor wratoh lies in his cell at Peatridge, who is no worse than we; save that be has lacked the art to discriminate. Oh ! oruel ghosts which tell us such bare truths ; whioh warn us in such humiliat- 1 ing lessons. Pass on and let us sleep, the best process surely of the travail called life. Let our ghosts vanish for a while, and " black misfortunes bale ful traiD," hie to the Devil who is so surely their creator. "It is something," as that young prig Kenelm Chillinglly remarked, '' it is something to enjoy the present." Let us sleep then until the day breaks on us, ard brings to us that busy round of duty and ambition which alone oan exorcise regret and banish grim remorse. Enough of our ghosts, and away with them, for I vow that they have made me maunder. 