BUNGENDORE. WVITnOT. treonhing on ,the legitimate province our linal correspondent, a re cent visit to Bungondore.enables us to give an item or two of: intelligence re specting this thriving 'little township -second in impoitaunce inthe police district of Queanboyan. , From Quenaboyan .to Bungeudore there are a. few mnntters calling, for notice. The first of 'these ois the re cently-constructed first-class culvert or bridge spanning to crok at the de viation of,theo Gundaroo and Bungen dorte roads on the, north.eastern boun dary of the town, obviating the neces sity of using the deep cutting which it has superseded at that approach to the town. The 'work, which has long been urgently required, appears to be well done, and cannot foll to be much appreciated by -travellers, country people, and 'others having need to use it. In various parts of the road throughout,- metaling, forming, and draining are still going on; and although at present these works render travelling, somewhat inconvenient in places, during the coming summer this great thoroughfare will undoubtedly be in first rate trim. The towiship of Bn'?gendore, like that of Queanbeyan, shows signs of constant growth and prosperity. Seve ral privute buildings have lately been erected, completed or improved. But the most noticeable works at present going on are- firsat, the court house ; secondly, the new'' Presbyterian Church ; and thirdly, the parsonage of St. Philip. Few places in the colony can boast of better building materials than nature has bountifully supplied to the vicinity of Bungendure. Its granite-more than sufficienti to -build the greatest city in tbhe world ; its clay,'. its lime, and its sand (to say nothing, of the forests'of timber within easy distance) is of prime quality and inexhaustible in quantity. The' court-house, which is fast' ap. proaching'completion, is an ungainly pile of granite building, having, more the general outline of a jail than that of a hall 'of justice. To complete the deception,-: it needs but iron gratings before its high-set, square-looking win dows. Perhaps, when the verandah is attached to the front entrance and the relief affordid by. the plasterer's skill is added, its present gloomy aspect may be: somewhat removed.. Buit it can never be other than an inelegant structure. An inspection of the work manshbip .bestowed upon it revealsiat a very substantial I uilding, an'd'it ii??, .the: internal advantages of being'lbftc and spacious beyond the present re quirements of the" town. 'The plan is simply a largecourt-rooin, with rostrum atone end, and a spacious, well- lighted magistrates'.room. at the rear. .VWith sueh.a public building in their midst, the people of Budge ndore: will:'not for years to come need a place well adapted for- publio'.meetings or other- uses which in' the judgment of their local worships,and. with their. permission, the place may be grianted for.. ST. .JOHN'S .; C{IRCFI-LAYING THE CORNER STONE. Since the contract for the creation of this sacred edifice was- taken, con siderable'progress has been made with the works. :-The massive.granite walls already stan'dleveral feet high, and a large quantity of materials are on the spot ready for use. On Wednesday last, all things being in readiness, a large number of people assembled to witness the interesting ceremony of layiing the chief corner stone. The day, though somewhat cold, -was bright and clear. and every- I thing looked propitious for the occasion. At the north-eastern- corner of the building, lay, ready to be set in its proper position; a ponderous block of granite, the stone in which cent 'red the chief interest of the day. Alongside was a cavity for the recption of the documentary paper.s therein to be im mured. Within the walls, which were covered in with tarpaulins, forming a capital awning, were tables spread with fatted. turkeys, rounds of beef, roasted joints, hams and tongues, and besides these and other substantials, all manner of tempting sweets; to suit the palate of the veriest epicure, and certainly inviting enough to the robust. hearty, healthy-looking people gathered round: Whilbt. visitors sauntered outside awaiting preRarstions, ladies, with Marthas' hands and Marys' hearts, were diligently and doxterously mani ipulating the viands, all 'and sundry, which lay packed in cases and baskets, or for a while- in charming confusion on the trestled bbards which did ser vice for seats and tables. I Shortly 'after midday the ceremony was initiatedlby rthe Rev. G. L. Nairn giving ouitthe grand and ever new Old IHundreth P.-alm, which-was sung on the open'plain with as much zest as Covenantors of old sang it undcr:thlb blue heavens in the land of :mountains and floods. Then the minister's voioe was raised in prayer, amidst;the silent reverence and content of the surround inlg throng. Appropriate passages of scripture were then read by MIr Galoe, and after some remarks from that gen tleman and- Mr Nairn, the foirmer was' requested 4 to read the document in tended t?" be' deposited'bnehi'ath :the stone, as follows :- The Foundation Stone or thlis Prosterian Chaurcd, of St. John .. Was Idd on Wednesday, the eleventh day of August, \- A.D. 1875, -By MAN,, - Wlreof .tr Pranels Ro;, of Ropsaath, near tnsengdo;re.' i is xcellency Sir Ire eules aeore Inobert Iol,lnso I. T(LO.OM.C., 0 oeernoroln-Cllr fo tire Col on S of New South Wules. The Reverend John .Mellhhon, L,..D., Stoderalor of the \- - General Assemlily orthe Prehvvterlen Church of New South WValca. The Reverend Gorge rimn. ~If.l A. Moderator of tihe \- Presbytery r,f Onulburn. The eoverend George Lockhart Nairl, Minister of the S parish of sQueanbeyan. Charles MlcKeahnle, elder. - CLtalrman of Committee or hmanagement-Andrew: Morton. J.P. S Treasurer--It. W. McKellr. SClerk-Julnie Onle. Trustees of St. Joha' Churech-Alexander MeClnng sean. William ilo'adeen, sena. rancle Rossa and Charlesa \---- ,.... 1. TL. nrr~m, binhler SCertied .y us Joa OIL, OlICrk of seilon. Mlrs Francis Ross, the lady to whom was entrusted the bbnourablo distino tion of laying the corner stone, then came forward at the invitation 'of tile minister, and the buildors' having the materials ready, and the bottle with copies of the Queanbeyan .dges *of the 7th and lth Inst., and the dustrallan Ifitness of the former date, together with the document just read; being de posited in- the cavity underneath the stone, the lady adroitly spread the mortar upon which the stone was lowered, which she then set with a blow or two with the hammer, and said -' I lay this corner stone of St. John's Presbyterian Church in the name of the Father, .Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." The free-offerings of the people were then laid upon the stone, and the people offered willingly of such as they had; for when silver, and gold, and bank notes were all told, the announce ment was 'made of a total of £17 8s 6d. The Apostolical benediction was then pronounced, and the people re paired within the canopy for lunch. About one hundred sat down to the repast, the.keen air and long journeys of some whetting their appetites ad mirably for the occasion. The afternoon was spent in sundry amusements ; and in the evening a large assemblage gathered for tea This attraction was got up by kind permission of Mr A. MeOlung in his larg3 room, which so often does duty for various social gatherings in the friendly little town of Bungendore. As was expected, the room was densely crowded, and the first sitters had to make room for those who patiently awaited accommodation till they had finished tea. As soon as the tables were cleared, the usual publio meeting followed. IMr W. McFadzen, sen., occupied the post of honour.. 1Mr.?LNairn and Mr Gale werethie speakers , the former gentle man with~hisisual eloquence riveting the attentionbof? his audience for up wards of an hour. I leitimated that theL proceeds reiised?tfbrrolghout the day will swell ,the building fund by about £30. And seeing that. tie Presbyterians of Bun gendore are neither strong in numbers 'nor rich in means, that handsome sum sh'llws what sympathy the;goeneral `public of all denominations have with themn in their undertaking.'. The Church of England parsonage, mentioned' as the third building in progress at Bungendore, is a very sub stantial structure. It is built of brick' from a design furnished by the Rev.A D: Soares, of Queanibeyan, diocesan architect. The walls are completed and the roof is on, but it seems, to be at a standstill for want of carpenter. and plasterer. The. situation is not very choice, being under a slope which hides it from view, but-perhaps for a:. parsonage that is more in accordance with the feature of. retirement. always supposed to be a sine qna non in the home of a country parson. .. 