THE DEATH CRT. It was in the act of asking that ques tion, so important to myself, " Are there any letters for the Rev. Hugh D' Alton ?" at what I may call the" Poste Restuate " of the Cliariug-cross Hotel, and at the same time pre paring myself to wait patiently while pigeon-hole D was being looked through, when I heard behind me a voice I knew. That richest and most musical tone in the world — Eug- lish cultivation upon an Irish acceut ; -not an Irish broirue : when will onr English frieuds learn the difference between the two! — was unmistakable; I should have known who the speaker was even if he had not descended upon me, of course clapped me on the back, and called ont, " Hugh, old fellow, what brings yon here 1" " Huuger," I said, "and a desire for my letters." A packet was presented to me as I spoke. " Why do yon let bores write to you when yon're out for a lark ? I wonld'nt do it. Breakfast, did you say 1 All right, breakfast with me ; I have snch a jolly party here, and we're all going over to Ireland, to Raudleatowo, my boy. to morrow morning. When do yon go f " To- night" " Wait for us, you may as well, and it will be twice the fun ; and remember you spend Christmas at the Manor , but, of course, my mother and Noiah have yon booked already. Come along, never mind your letters now. I mnst -intro duce you to my Mends." I gave up my plans to his, and the second morning after our chance meeting found us all together at a rather early breakfast in a private room of the Ehel- bourne Hotel, Dublin. My frieud Henry, or, to call him by his more familiar name, Harry OVNeil, was the life of the party, and to good spirits Nature had enabled him to add the attractions of a handsome face and person. 'His un conquerable love of fuu, and the quiet good breeding with which, becoming grave in a moment, he met and answered all complaiota and smoothed all difficul ties, quite wun over two elderly dowagers, who were strougly inclined to reseut having been obliged to get up in time fur a nine o'clock breakfast after their long journey on tbe previous day. Tbese ladies bad uever been in Ireland before, and they fully expected to meet " Rory of the Hills " upon the staircase about to make a raid upon the luggage, and to see a " Bead Centre, with a pistol at full cock, looking in at every window. Henry O'Neill, Esq., of Baudlestown Manor, was a gentleman of good family and tolerably good fortune in the county Antrim, a descendant of tbe O'Neills of the Red Hand, and in appearance no unworthy scion of that princely house. He had been educated at Harrow, and by his own desire he went to Oxford, where, I believe, he was not distinguished for anything but muscular — I suppose it is wrong to say un-cbristiamty. Aud yet I do not think be was more pagan in his ideas and conduct than were tbe majority of his contemporaries. His father died before he was of age, and left him to tbe guardianship of bis mother, the Lady Mary O'Neill ; and he was now, at fonr-and twenty, engaged to his cousin, Norah Eitzgerald, Hie daughter of his father's only sister. Norah was an orphan, and, for an Irish girl, an heiress — heiresses in the Emerald Isle are not so plentiful as blackberries. From the time Norah came to Ran- dlestown, Lady Mary set her heart npon the match, and she watched with pleasure the little girl's growing affection for her handsome cousin. I cannot say that when he asked Norah to be his wife Harry did not make himself as happy as he made his mother; but circum stances, which I may perhaps be able to oipUin more fully by and by, convinced me that he was not in love with the beautiful and gentle girl who had given to him her whole heart. The engage ment had now lasted some years, for Harry did not wish to marry nntil he was twenty-five, and when I met him so unexpectedly in London he still wanted a few months of that age. He had been abroad for some time, and he was then going back to Ireland with his gay party, to spend bis last Christmas as a bachelor at Baudlestown Manor. I need not particularly describe all the members of the party ; it consisted of some yonng men and women ; and the two timid dowagers before mentioned. One of these ladies was a widow without incumbrance, an old Mend of Lady Maiy's, Mrs. Lestrauge by name ; the other, and to her I noticed yonng O'Neill was specially attentive, was a Mrs. Loin ax. and the was incumbered by a handsome girl, her daughter Adelaide. I had never before seen so handsome a woman. I did not like her, even from the first moment of our introduction ; but her claims to beanty could not be denied by her greatest enemy. Sbe was dark skinned and dark haired, and she had dark brown eyes with long black lashes ; eyes which were often luminous and languishing, sometimes mournfully pathetic, but never tender. I have heard women declare that she bad no heart ; but they were wrong. That useful organ was not wanting ; bnt although it might be stirred by a wild storm of passion, love— gentle, tender, self-sacrificing love I could not give it credit for either filing or inspiring. O'Neill told me that be bad met Mre. Lomax and her daughter at Baden. Mrs. Lomax remembered having known the young sum's mother ; Lady Maty was reminded of her old acquaintance by letter; the intimacy prospered, mid re sulted in a cardial invitation to mother and daughter to spend Christmas in Ireland. Forming my opinion upon -all jentgecte connected with tfcia and other matters from my own observation only, I judged that, if left to herself Mrs. Lomax would have declined the invita tion. I could see that she had a horror of Ireland, and that although she liked O'Neill, she had no desire to have him for a son in law. But if the mother's wishes were clear to me, so also were the daughter's. - Miss Lomax had strong opinions npon most subjects, but especially strong were her opinions upon all subjects which concerned herself ; and I have no doubt whatever that she insisted npon the ac ceptance of the invitation ; neither have I any doubt that she had determined upon the captivation and subjugation of Harry O'Neill ; and I saw that the more he tried to resist her countless fascina tions — and, to do him justice, he some times did try passive resistance — the more obstinately did sbe set herself to conquer him ; and day by day she had the triumph of gaining ground. O, bow could he be unfaithful to that sweet promised wife of his, who watched him wistfully as every hour after the arrival of the parly at Randlestown he became more aud more visibly entangled in the snares of the dark-eyed Adelaide ? Men have certainly strangely elastic hearts and fancies, and no one capable of judgment on such matters could have mistakeu O'Neill's state of mind tbe morning we all breakfasted together in isuoitu. ne ptaceu siisseii oesiae iae beautiful English girl ; be lost no oppor tunity of whispering to her those words which express so little but which mean so mncb ; and if she turned from him but for a moment, he would gaze on her with what some one has so forcibly, if also coarsely, called " hungry lover's eyes and I am quite sure that he would at that moment — unromantic and prosaic 9 a-m. as it was — have given a good ten years of his life if he could by any means, foul or fair, have got rid of all these stupid people, myself in cluded, his dear frieuds and guests, aud then and there have tried to win that woman for his own. But as the gates of our earthly para dise rarely open at our desire, he had nothing fur it but to eat a good break fast, and to exert himself to be agree able by talking of everything under the ; sud, except that of which his heart aud head were full He began by proposing the delay of a day in onr journey. " What do you say, Mrs. Lomax, and you, ladies all, shall we say in Dublin until to-morrow, and devote to-day to the lions ? We have nothing to frighten you on the shores of Lough Neagh but the Banshee, and she howls and appears on state occasions only." " And they are" — said Miss Lomax. " When some of us, the O'Neills, you know, are going to die ; or even if some misfortune is going to happen, she gives a squeak or two, just to let us know she's there. I never heard her myself, bat my mother and my cousin Norah swear they did." " And did anything happen " I broke my arm at Harrow, that's alL Should you be afraid of her, Miss Lotuax ? " he added, lowering his voice, as meu have a trick of doing when they are, or when they faucy themselves, in love. " Of all things it is the dream of my life to hear the Banshee." I wondered, had sbe ever heard of the Banshee until that moment ? " I must not wish to be gratified, however," she added — and now hers was the lowered voice — " for my gratification might mean harm to you." " Coffee, sir," said a waiter at Harry's elbow ; and by the time he bad helped himself, - Miss Lomax, having finished her breakfast, was leaving tbe room with her mother. My pretty, gentle little Norah 1 I may call her mine now that the time of which I write has receded into the dim and distant background of our lives which we call the past. But mine she never was, unless loving her with all my heart made her so ; in reality she was nothing to me, and I was less than nothing to her. A Mend, perhaps ; which is less than nothing tc a man who would be all in alL Probably I came next in her estimation to her favourite horse and her pet dog, the giant New foundland that attended her in her walks. We arrived in due time at the Manor, and I was beyond measure anxious that Norah should look well — her " very best," as the saying is — when she was introduced to her brilliant rival — for a rival I already called Miss Lomax ; but never had I seen her look to soch little advantage : her usually pretty colour had faded into that gray leaden hue which invariably denotes fright or nervous agitation of some kind. She was of a singularly nervous and excitable tempera ment, and her manner was awkward and constrained. I noticed that when Miss L»max was introduced by O'Neill to "My consin, Miss Fitzgerald," her arched eyebrows went up, end tko. faintest possible expression of contempt passed over her beautiful face. Did sbe think tbe pale timid broking girl too insignificant to be a rival ? I took for grauted that she was aware of the en gagement between O'Neill and his cousin ; bnt if so, she never made even a jesting allusion to it. There was one thing I am sure she did not know, and that was, that if Harry went in any way agaiust his mother's wishes in the matter of his marriage, she had power to leave Randlestown away from him. Tbe property was nominally, but not actually, bis while his mother uvea. Knowing these facts, I was doubly auxiuos for Norah' 8 future ; Harry would probably fulfil his engagement, aud make her miserable. Meanwhile the days passed on. Christinas was spent with unusual gaiety; Norah gradually recovered her looks aud spirits, and in her presence Hany was not so demonstrative in his attentions to Miss Lomax. One aftermrou I joined tbe walking party, for the reason that Norah had declined skating : so about half a dozen of us started together, two and two. O'Neill with another half a dozen, including Miss Lomax, went on the ice. I 'noticed that Harry did not ash Norah to go with the'ui ; and when sbe asked him — with a look I could not have resisted — " Shall I walk or skate to-day, Harry I" he answered, "Do just as you like." So sbe turned away with a little sigh, aud Rid sot do as she liked, far she did not stay with him. Tile abort January day was over, and we werie returning home at a brisk pace by the light of the cold frosty- looking stars. The darkness and the clrar bracing air had an invigorating and en livening effect upon us, for we talked and laughed as we bad pot done when we conld see each other's faces clearly ; even Norah seemed in good spirits, and I was very happy, for she walked with her hand upon my arm. But suddenly, as we were passing through a dark part of the long avcune, our gay voices and laughter were checked by the unexpected sonud of a long, low, and melancholy ciy ; it rose upon a wild wailing note almost to a shriek, and then died out again. Norah dropped my arm, aod she wonld have fallen, had I not been quick enough to catch her. "The Bunshee, the Banshee!" she moaned. " O, do you hear ! My God, what is going to happen now 1 " " What is it ? " cried the other ladies, as they and the geutlemen crowded ronnd us, " What does Miss Fitzgerald say ! " " O, nothing," I replied ; " but a'cry like that at night coming suddenly — " As I spoke tbe wild wail rose again ; it seemed quite close to us now, and appeared to be moving on. This time Norah did not speak. She had fainted. I carried her tenderly to the bouse, and jnst on the steps we met two of the skating party — O'Neill and Miss Lomax — returning alone from their plea- " What has happened J" cried Hany, on seeiug imperfectly by tbe faint light that £ carried something. " What is it, old fellow 1 Any one been stealiug sheep ?" I brushed past him into the lighted hall ; the others crowded after me ; he was at their head. " Your cousin has fainted," I said then, shortly enough ; "she heard that unearthly cry jnst now, which is sup posed to be tbe Banshee — some practical joke, of course. Did you hear uothiug 1 Did you meet no one " " What nonsense !" he muttered ; but a sudden and rapid exchange of glances passed between him and Miss Lomax ; and I at once remembered having beard her boast that she could imitate per fectly any voice, or cry, or call, which she bad herself either heard or heard imitated by another. Was there, then, any connexion between her and the Ban shee's cry I Twelfth-day passed, and then, with the exception of Mrs. and Miss Lomax, tbe guests left the Manor. They lin gered on and on, nntil I Install patience ; but losing patience, of course, hurt no one but myself I was provoked, too, that no one wonld sift to tbe bottom tbe mystery of tbe ciy which had so terrified poor, gentle, timid little Norah. Lady Mary pooh-poohed the whole thing as if it were fancy on her niece's part I could not make myself officious in the matter ; and presently the subject was forgotten except by me, and, I am sure, by Norah also ; but 1 never spoke of it to her. Before I, too, left the Manor after my long Christmas visit, fur my lodgings in tbe viiUge, 1 bad another mysterious circumstances to think about. 1 must, before I briefly relate this new mystery, describe the position .,f the hedrttomB in the Manor-house. They were many in number, and they opened upon one side of a very lone eallery ; on the other side there was a balustrade, over which you could look down into the handsome hall below. O'Neill had a suite of rooms upon tbe ground fl->or ; my room was at the end of the gallery, and my door would face any one walking along the nailery from tbe staircase. Having been over the house a hundred times, I knew that tbe do«r next to mine l>-d into a a small boudoir or dressing - room, ont, of which a bedroom opened, which bedroom bad also a second door opening on the gallery ; and I knew that boudoir and bedroom had been appropri ated to Miss Lomax by Lady Mary's order. Upon the last night of my visit, not feeling inclined to sleep, I went down stairs to read again in the library, when the rest of our party had all, as I be lieved, gone to their rooms for the night. It was one o'clock, when I at length be gan to feel sleepy ; so I then went softly upstairs. Upon reaching the gallery, however, all desire for sleep vanished, for — I was now facing the do»r of uiy own room, remember— to my utter amazement, I saw O'Neill emerge from the door of the boudoir. He was care ful to close it noiselessly behind him ; be was in his dressing gown, and his shoe less feet made not the faintest sound upon the soft carpet. I confess that the sndden sutprise, and the suspicion which jnst swept throngh my mind, made me almost giddy. He must have seen me quite as soon as I saw him, for I carried a light and so did he. He came on to meet me smiling. " Where in the world have you been, Hngb I" he said, without a shade of eni- -bairaBsment " I have juat been to your room tamox— j.m. — wi...'. i.- matter ! you look quite pale ?" " To look for me 1" I said, bewildered, and wondering in my own miud if uiy sleepy eyes had deceived me. To look for me % You did nut come out of my room, surely ! It was tbe other dour ; MJ8S — " "Good heavens, D' Alton, are you mad or asleep I" he cried in an angry whisper, and seizing me by the shoulder. " Take care bow you mention a lady's name in that manner. I was in your room — yours, and no other. Good night ; you must be more tnau Halt asleep to make such a blunder." Aud he passed on, with a glance which seemed to me to say, " Take care how you contradict me." I went to my room, anxious to believe myself under a delusion ; but there I foucd nothing to tell if what Harry had said was true. Had I goue to the boudoir, I wondered, should i have fonud any trace of bis presence i I went out into the gallery agaiu, just as if by loukiug about me there I should be able to satisfy my self. Of course I found nothing except a withered rose, which had been dropped at the dressing-room door. How came the flower there I I do not know to this hour. Harry bad on his dressing-gown, a garment which gentlemen do not usually decorate with flowers. I went to bed, and gave the matter up as one of the thousand uureveated mysteries which daily occur in our lives. Tbe days went, and at last; to my infinite joy, Adelaide Lomax and her mother left the Manor. O'Neill went with them to Dublin, but lie stayed away one night only, "just to see them off," he said. Then the bright soft spring weather burst upon us suddenly, and it was wel come after the severity of the winter : and I heard that the wedding day was fixed for the end of ApriL I heard the news with that sudden contraction of tb>- heart, aud that whirl round of the brain, which we all kDow so welL But what could 1 do f I loved Norah with a love strong enough to have led me willingly to death for her sake, but could thai avail % Silent I had been, and silent must I be for ever ; but heaven and my own heart knew what I suffered when she looked from the carriage window in which she and her husband were about to start npon their wedding tour, and waved her last " good bye " to the frieuds who crowded at the door of the Manor House to see the " happy pair off" "Will she smile like that a year hence J" I said to myself bitterly, as I recalled the strange and still unexplained cry which had so frightened her, and O'Neill's mysterious appearance at the door of his guest's boudoir. The marriage took place in April ; in May, Mr. and Mrs. O'Neill were in J Hindoo. Norah was presented aud 1 heard from Lady Mary that she and Harry were enjoying themselves im mensely, and also that they saw Mrs. aud Miss Lomax frequently. That particular item of news did not delight me ; but ef.tll ima wa<i i himsuh fn hear that in October tbe uioiber and daughter were to pay a second visit to Baudlestown Manor. In July the young people came home, and 1 thought Norah was looking j ided, anxious, and ill ; sbe appeared too, to be iu decidedly low spirits. 1 said as much to Lady Mary ; but I was given t<> uuderataud that sbe had felt tbe beat aud fatigue of London rather overpowering, aud that Harry had broil i; lit her home, as there were " rea sons" why she should " for the present " be kept as quiet as possible. I suppose it Was with a view to I he proper carrying out of that Harry went to Louduu alone a week or two after his return with Norah ; but his absence had uot a very soothing effect upon her, for every time 1 Saw her, the alteration in her looks for the worse became more perceptible. More than once she asked me, with an earuestues8 in which there was no hiddeu jest, if I had ever heard the Baushee since that evening. I was able with perfect truth to assure her that I had not At last, in August, Harry came back ; I had tbe miserable pleasure of seeiug bow his youug wife revived in his pre sence, and 1 tried not to think be was a hypocrite when I saw hiiu bumonriug all her invalid fancies as a devoted luver- busband should do. As October drew near I asked her if Mrs. Lomax and her daughter were ex pected ; and I shall never forget tbe expression of her face as Bbe answered : " I believe so ; I do no feel quite equal to visitors just now, but Harry does not wish to have them put off So they came, Adelaide looking more radiautly lovely than ever ; such a con trast to poor pale Norah. I frankly admit that 1 felt a most unchristian-like aversion to that brilliant-looking woman, eo full of health and spirit, so conde scending in her kiudness to "our poor dear invalid," as she would persist in calling Mrs. O'Neill. As to Harry him self, he was completely infatuated. I saw his state of bondage if other eyes were blind. But tbe end was at hand. We were all at luncheon together one lovely afternoon towards the end of Oc tober, when a telegram came to Harry summoning him to town. " What a bore !'' he said with a quick glance at Miss Loinax ; he never looked at his wife ; she was lying uu a sofa drawn up to one of tbe windows, with ber luncheon untested upon a small table beside her, aud her thiu white hands folded list lessly npon the scarlet shawl which covered ber. " What a bore !" O'Neill repeated. " I must go up by the last train ; aud we had planned such a glorious ride to morrow." " When can you be back, Harry 1" said Nnrah's low voice from tbe sofa. " As soon as possible, you may be sure," he answered, with auother quick glance at Miss Lomax Aud then luncheon was over and the party dispersed. A portiere separated i be dining room from the library, and through this portiere Miss Lomax disap peared alone. 1 went with a book to a distant window ; my back was to Nnrah's sofa, and I faced the portiere. Harry went away to give some orders, he saitl. Lady Maty stayed for a moment with her daughter- iii law, and then she, too, went away. 1 do not think Mrs. O'Neill kuew or remembered that I was in the room, for she never spoke. lu about half an hour Harry came in agaiu. " Well, little womau," he said, goiug over to the sofa and taking the band so eagerly stretched ont to him by pretty jolly this afternoon J" As he spoke my eyes were attracted by a cautious uovemeut of tbe drapery of the portiere. " I should be jollier if you were not going away, Harry," the eweet voice re plied. " You goose !" he answered, stooping and kissing her in a brisk friendly man ner upon the forehead. " Haven't you learned to do without me yet 1 You will know better by and by." " Never !" she said with quiet distinct- ness, auu. mere were UTAIO IU UCI 'Hen presently she added, "Can yon really come back soon, Harry 1 How soon r " O, in a day or two ; I'll telegraph. We have a dig dinner on the 31st, you kuow ; so I must be here. Dou't you get into a fright and think I'm kilt, and uever mind if your friend the Banshee screams. Naught was never in danger, you know." " Harry," she cried earnestly, and as she spoke she rose and flung ber arms about him, " do not talk like that ; you have always laughed at me about that awful cry. I have bead it twice, I know 1 have ; and if 1 hear it agaiu now, while you are away, it will come to tell me that I shall uever see you again. Do nut laugh, Harry ; I feel sure that tbe third time, let it come when it will, the blow will fall in some shape or other. Heaveu grant that it may fall npon me." My eyes were still npon the portiere ; how I luDged to pull it aside aud reveal an nu seen listener ! Harry's answer to those pathetic words was another laugh. " Yon are a ioose !" he said. I eiippose you mean to throw yourself into the; lake if you hear a disconsolate cat caterwauling while I am away, and — " " Pray, prav do not laugh," she in terrupted pleadingly: " I may be a goose, as yon say ; bnt I have a presentiment, which nothing can dispel, that I shall hear that cry a third time, and if £ do, Harry, we shall uever meet again. I hope you will be left, dear ; yon wonld get on better withont Norah than Norah would withont yon. Ah, I know it bnt too well !" " My poor little darling !" he an swered with unnsnal tenderness ; he seemed really touched, and he did not repulse her as sbe clang to him and sobbed upon his breast Without seeing me he passed through the portiere, where the woman was awaiting him whose presence was blight ing the happiness of his yonng wife. That evening I dined at the Manor ; but Norah did not appear; she was tired, Lady Mary said. Miss Lomax was in excellent spirits, and marvellously civil to me (she generally treated me with the coolest indifference) ; challenged me to a game of beziqne, won with a triumphant score of over 1000 in two deals and then threw np the cards. When, half an hour later, I said good night to eveiy one she was not in the room. Tt nan n In it pl u nicrhk. calm And warm with a bright moon. I stood on the steps of the terrace for a few seconds before starting on my homeward walk to admire the shimmering light upon Lough Neagh, and the soft radiance which brightened the old walls of S— 's castle, the ancient home of tbe O'Neills. The Manor was on tbe opposite side of the lake from the castle, and I had fallen into a fit of musing, when I was startled by what seemed to me a faint and sub dued imitation of the wild cry which had terrified Norah some months before. I listened; it was repeated still more faintly, and it seemed to come from the angle of the house at my right hand. I went quickly round, and to my intense surprise, almost ran against Miss Lomax. She was sitting on the low step of a glass door, which led from the dining- room, and had I not seen her face I might have been exensed for taking her for a ghost, for she was wrapped from bead to feet in a large white shawL "Good gracious, Mr. D' Alton, how you frightened me !" she said almost crossly, and Bhe did look very pale in the moonlight. " Do yon always go literally - mooning aboot in this way, instead of going home like a sensible man " " And may I ask what yon are doing here alone J" I replied. " I was on my way home, when I heard a strange sort of cry ; it was veiy faint Did you hear anything ?" "I never hear cries," she answered pettishly. " The Banshee again, I sup pose. Well, let her cry ; she will not frighten any one." " Except Mre. O'NeilL" " Would she be frightened by it really, seriously !" and it struck me that she asked the question very eagerly. " Probably," I answered, remember ing what Norah had said to her hus band. " Ah, indeed ! What a pity she is so — nervous ! Good night, Mr. U Alton. I hope you will not meet this wonderful Banshee ; but I believe she is like a bold child — heard, but never seen." " In any case I shall not meet her," I said ; for I leave her behind me at the Manor." " What do yon mean 1" she said, putting a cold band into mine, and there was a deep flush npon her dark face. What did I mean ! I meant nothing ; but remembered that sndden flush and the question some hours later. The following evening I did not dine at the Manor, but I called in the fore noon to inquire for Norah. She was better, and in much better spirits ; Harry was expected back to dinner. The even ing passed, and another beautiful soft moonlight night came on. 1 went ont for a quiet stroll before I went to bed, and, tempted by the beanty of the scene, I lingered npon the shore of the lake until close upon midnight. I could see the lights in the windows of the Manor j . — I almost fancied once or twice that ; soft mnsic came floating to my ears , across the water, and I pictured the | scene to myself : Miss Loinax at the 1 piano, and Hany leaning over her in ; rapture ; I took for granted that he had coine back. But a sound in which there was no i music did come presently ; it was that awful unearthly wail supposed to por- | tend suffering or death to an O'Neill. I Never before or since have I heard a cry like that, and with all its unearthly cadence there was in it, to my ear, the | sound of a human voice. Again, as I listened, it rose and fell, and I saw dis tinctly a white figure JfiitJfer. n ...a quo moemitght which streamed full upon the grassy slope before the front of the Manor ; it turned away from the house, and disappeared into a wood which stretched for a considerable dis- taoce along the margin of the lake. Without hesitating a moment, I started to enter the wood on the village side. " Banshee or woman yon shall not escape me.1" I said. Once daring my rapid walk the wild cry rose again. I entered the wood ; the darkness under the trees, of course, shut out every object, and would, I hoped, so shut ont be taken unawares. I stopped now and then in my rapid walk to listen, but I heard no step no sound of any kind, except, as I have said, the wild cry once ; but just as I reached tbe opening leading to the pleasure ground before the Manor bouse a flatter of white canght my eye. "Stop!" I shouted loudly; "I know you !" At my challenge the flying figure in creased its speed. I gave chase ; but what could mortal feet accomplish against a spirit 1 With such a senseless belief I tried to console myself as the white form rapidly gained ground. But what seemed defeat was in reality victory for me. At the moment when the pursuit became hopeless, I saw some thing flutter to the ground as if from the head of the shrouded figure ; it was un heeded. 1 reached the spot where it had fallen, and snatched it eagerly up. Judge of my horror and amazement when, upon examination in the moon light, it proved to be a handkerchief with tbe name of " Adelaide " embroi dered in the comer.' Perplexed and made miserable with suspicion to which I dared not give a name, I returned home. Outside the door of my lodgings I found a knot of people assembled ; they appeared excited, and were all talking eagerly. " Here he is," I heard a familiar voice say; and Bryan, O'Neill's bntler,'came forward. He looked as white as fear conld make him. " O, sir, he gasped, where were yon 1 Haven't yon heard the crying, sir t Sore it never came like that without bringing trouble — the poor yonng mistress, sir ! " " Gloiy be to God this night ! " was echoed round among the women as they devoutly crossed themselves. " What of the young mistress 1" I cried ! and I knew bnt too well that bad news was at hand. "Come np to the honse, for God's sake, sir ! Sure didn't yon hear the I cry ? And she's taken bad before her time, and my lady sent me off to your honor to see if we conld get off a tele gram to the master ; he didn't come home yet ; bnt isn't it late for this night ? " " Honrs too late, but I shall go up to the house, Bryan," I said, feeling stunned into qniet by the |nights work and by the thought of what might be still before me. When we reached the Manor, late as it was, the hall-door stood open, and it uomnl to tnp tliAt thprA WAS An nnnRnsl bush over the whole place. I saw figures in the drawing-room as I passed by the half closed door on my way to the stairs. I reached the landing, and went quickly towards Norab's room. I knocked softly ; the beating of my anxions heart was far louder than the sound my Angers made. The door was opened by Lady Mary herself and I saw that she was alone ; her face was pale and awe struck. " Have yon brought him 1 " she whispered, " but I suppose there was no time." I shook my" head. " It does not matter now," she went on, " he is too late." She led me to the foot of the bed, and there upon the pillow, with the sweet eyes closed for ever, I saw the dead face of Norah O'Neill. To Lady Maiy I said no word ; it wonld avail nothing now to arouse her suspicions, bnt I knew that her son's wife was the victim of what was, per haps, a practical joke. God forgive me if I wrong the woman who had done the deed, by the thought that she had had an evil purpose in her too-good jnimiciy of the Banshee's waiL Like a man in a dream I went down stairs again and passed into the still- lighted drawing-room ; it was to ail appearance empty, and sitting down, I leaned my head npon the table to shut ont the light, and to try and realise what had happened. Bat my nerves and senses were crnelly awake; and I canght the sound of a step in the room, as though some one was trying to cross it unheard. I looked np and saw Miss Lomax. Yes, there she was, in her rich evening dress, with jewels sparkling upon her neck and arms, and her beanty scarcely lessened by the slight shade of pallor upon her cheeks. " I beg your pardon, I thought you were asleep," she muttered. " I am r T 1 JT .1 A.J 1 1. sorry 11 jl nave uisuiriwu juu 3 juu iwa tired" " Tired ! You are too kind," I said ; " but I do not think there will be sleep for anyone in this house to- night, except for her who will never wake again. Unless," I added, rousing myself to look steadily into her dark eyes, " it is to in sure to yonrself a good night's rest, that yon, Miss Lomax, walk in the woods at midnight; you lost this in your last ramble;" and I hud the handkerchief before her. A strange expression passed across her face ; it seemed to be made up of fear, derision, and triumph. " How mnch does he know ? Shall I defy him V it seemed to say. Then her eyelids and her lips qnivered, aud then I knew that she was both guilty and afraid. " You will not betray me !" she said ; and before £ could stop her she was kneeling at my feet. " I meant no harm ; I swear to you — " " Hush !"' I said bitterly. " You best tnnv ash At vAnr motive was. and no oaths will bring her back to life ; her happiness yon have long since destroyed. Sorely there were men enough in the world to gratify you vanity and your passion" — -I grew outspoken in the bit terness of my despair — " without taking ber husband from her ! Bnt yon need not fear, I shall not betray yon. To do so would not undo what yon have done, and I can bnt hope — and my hope is not for your sake, but for the sake of the man she loved — that no curse will fall on you, or on him through you ; that the real death-cry of the Banshee will never give you__caiiA remember your jntmoon "61 to-night." How is it that, in the midst of our greatest misery, the ridicule that attaches itself to the most earnest and even solemn situations can so forcibly strike us ? Heart-broken as I was, I could have laughed aloud at my melodramatic posi tion. There I was in the dead of the night, with, a beautiful woman kneeling, as it were, at my feet for mercy, while I declaimed above her with the fall fervour of a Kemble or a Kean. Bnt this feeling passed as I left her still kneeling with her face covered, and went myself from the house in which the snnfiliinA nf mv Innplv lifp. Tinil JioJ nn£ wa — J J — " " — for ever. Six months later, to his shame let it be recorded, O'Neill married Adelaide Lomax. I am compelled to think, bnt £ have no proof upon which to ground my assertion, that he felt himself bound in honour to make her his wife as soon as possible. Immediately after the marriage Lady Mary left the Manor, to which she never returned ; and I have reason to believe that she never saw the second Mrs. O'NeilL £ am not one of those who believe that special punishments invariably follow special sins, but in this instance punish ment slow bnt sure followed Adelaide Lomax, and she still lives to bear the penalty of licr crime. When her only child, a son, was about six years old, he I was accidental!;- drowned almost before 1 his mother's iu Lough Neagh, and I there are many witnesses ready to prove | that the night before his death the Ban- j siiee's cry was heard for hours echoing j round tint walls of the castle. " . I The lovely boy' had -been the simple link between O'Neill and his once passiouately loved wife. Even before the child's death people said that his father and mother were not happy ; and certainly there was no sign of happiness in Harry's dejected morose demeanour. " Conld it be," I often thought, " that too late the memoiy of the woman who had loved him so devotedly came be tween bim and the woman whom he had loved so blindly f From the depression succeeding the death of her son, Mis. O'Neill rallied after a time, , bnt as the grief subsided her temper became almost ungovern able ; and it was whispered in the servants' hall, and from whence the rumour reached the village gossips, that in a wild fit of passion, which almost amounted to delirium, she made some defiant admission to her bnsband re specting the death of his wife, which drew from him tbe epithet "murderess." There may be no troth in that romonr, bat from the night npon which the terrible scene was ' said to have taken place between the miserable pair, they, never met again. Hany went to America, to India, Australia, all over the world, and Mrs. O'Neill lived on alone at the Manor, to which no visitors ever came and which sbe never left. Sbe was not actually mad — that is, she required no keeper ; but sometimes, and especially in the shortening autumn dava she was verv far from beintr in her right mind ; and in the soft October nights, when the moon is full and bright; I in my qniet lodgings, and those who still walk about the peaceful village streets, heard a wild wailing cry come echoing with monrnful distinctness across the lake, and then we know that the " mad fit is on," and that a miserable and, I believe, remorseful woman is wandering alone, alone for evermore, and sending that too perfect imitation of the Banshee's death cry over the dark waters of Lough Neagh. 