1 J|AQK HAjRROATE'SL Upfe; iiN 'AUSTRAtlJ" CgKlStMAS TALE. ', i ""?.;> r;., JBY G. B. ... ' ' V >' j &;«a ih∧ nnpieasaat day, ab<rat!ten yare ago/tiiatimy friend1! Jack, 'Harrowgate en- tared - Melbourne byi'the > Sydney-road;4 tired/ weary -arid -footsore. Any person who bad! /laiqJa'(& tbenj ,a fast young blood in Hondonj! hq jpwyed'hose "pranM arid 'committed, those led, to. Jus. .exile / from !hom;'ifd-e∈» fijiye.wcqgi habited.! rough! digger's dress, tray pi worn, and. dejected,. iioj: Timpedpainfully; along >the ..dusty, rcjad wbich' ledinto the .towm Despite his hard up %specty however, Jack still retained mubh-of that: dashing look and' gentlemanlike bearing <wjiich,.iaield days; - had' earned for: him among hisdriends ahd admirers the tle/of/Beau1 Jack ' jBrewgafe ;; and which combined' with certain 1 Qualities of , Mndandheart, had won that which! ./wjis to .'hun. far 'more precious— the .affection o|' pretty! Laura Haughton/ Therewas nomis. taking. the clear, fearless look in his face, and tljeieasythoughatiffaridwearied,: mannerof his gait> as;obelonging to one">ho< had < seen better days/ ' Have wis riot often met such/people in the' Btreettf; irien clad in; iab6rtsqiled'''clqthi9B and! km oking' ehhrt black clay pipes';. yet i tfen!x whoni,' wh f to lookht as' w'e pass them1 with the re- , flqction that they haye belonged, to a higher order' at one time ! There are heaps , of young fellows in! Jack Harrowgate's position, hard-up "and "des- pdndent, and all the worse off that they belong to (no definable class— being of that miserable order known as broken-down swells. And here I may as well relate how it caihe to pass that Beau Harrowgat'e had fallen from his ' greatness, to make one of the ranks of these unfortunates. \- ?When : Jaofe, as I have hinted, had run his. course- of wild life in London, and it became necessary to bring, bim up with the curb,, his 'father called a consultation of -his friends to consider what was to be done with his scape grace.. . . ;" Send him to India," said one ; " get him. a commission: in a native regiment. That'll cool him." ; - \- i" An admirable idea," cried another, whose notions of India were derived from certain old novels of his youth, -in which nabobs, jewels, rupees and rich, shawls comprised the chief ele ments of the story. " Bah 1" cried Uncle Bolger,,a white-haired old gentleman with a ruddy face and a. bald head, . " out of the frying-pan into the fire, Make a lazy, lounging, brandy-and-soda - drinking, billiard-playing soldier of Jack 1 No! the lad's too good for-that. He wants action, stern life, "hard work and hard times. Ship him off to Australia, Jack. That's the place where he'll find his level, believe ine ; and maybe he'll make his fortune there. He ought to. If he has half the stuff in him I think he has, he'll turn up trumps. ' Seud him off to Melbourne,! and I'll! give him a hundred to help him on," And here the worthy old gentleman drank off his port wine J with . ibe air abd zest of oae who had-spokea as anioracle." And inieei!.he:hadr No .better advice could have been given— at least no better occurred to the Bages/who'had been called ; together; by Mr. Hsirrowgate senior, to consider tho case ofhis no'or-do-yrell son. So Jack'B father, after some- consideration, and many and divers combats wdth the maternal Harrowgate, whose conceptions of Australia1— little moreluqid than her husband's —were toeradicably identified with ; visions of 'fevef/J bowid!. knives, ague, -the free. and .easy institution' of. asMnation,and the thousand Und'-'one !horrort pf i pioneer life, as depicted by sensational novoliflts in the penny magazines— decided to ."migrate "'master Jack. ' Thai young .gentle man being: in -no wise reluctant to accept -the vdecision;of / his" commanding , officer ,'.was iqtrie-: tliingdnhis.favoiv He was hot inscnsible to the fepthathehad led 'an/idlearid- profitless fcp j dndthatit.wastimeat, three-and-twehty .toicut thepainlprwhich held'him to the gay craft1 'of lpak!jd(ejij.'', .He seizedtbis.pptipu.pf ! 'emigratioh'as affording him to opportunity to> '.get rid!.of.vthbse1 Wocktiohs he :had.'foinhed tEriglandraa opportunity ! which . . could hardly occur did hp remain m the old country. , , Arid,s6, .Iseart-ySMef ftcfe vms.hnii affectionate fellow- '(aa mdeedtbeso scamps, "forf-; thb chief paft)!are), hV told . his ,go Ycrnor ; that hp! "had'hit" upon- the very place ho> would- himself lio/vd suggested." 1;'" "'V/, :-''/! !'";,;!!,/!.' "i'.ve been auddlo worthless dog, sir," said he, jj'and-'.have' given you a great deal of trphble.- Bpt I promise you I'llpoU-up/ bo soon as I get : clpar from England.-"-— - - At which the old gentleman, took his hand, and .told him with faltering voice, and with tears in 'his eyes, that he believed him ; and that however hard it . was-to part wath his .only son. tho. grief ; was' lessened- in the belief' that it was for the- best;''!"''- ' i/'s ' /'!;,r"! "It.!lsuniy for time, JaMk;"' said'he-'trpm- Ijlily'rnigeUiBdldJ'bUt IWj&rty;,thaaic: Bo- Plea'rHehnywebbaTfi'eet !aga«.!'b ;od ocPrdikrA'iiectidimWcqdcntiil .raa-'' fa<! |eemen'aud:ioi4blr |arnestneBS, they detestedbHieilri'tions'sifffieelfi. wg/Ithey'loved'eadh (rt'Joijahdr rtmweffit inthpir way byitheir constant1 aociation during the' interval1 "between ;tiliA;fiifhiph: lorth'Jas "fd' Jackrs' ''deitihyanS" rtfcticsill 1 realisation. .. v ... golS-iia;.- ' omcj, uud.adceiaiid.a ifMeU:£M6tt,tba <£$taih> :|nd Garter." :ataBiehmonAi:!«.|Qrpwtu Sppli8d;aiujther Anndied 'andJand mora ,.advi<a ; .4 J abk'a mothefr and.1 maters contributed ' thoir > t aWe of goods, Chattels and effcrfBi .togetherith J : iffie usual am6unfr"bft«iTs,';blrtn,£teiii cSfessfe?1 r imi 800 last/fdund'him'seU-ohe niprnug,|; ; yery. mpk, sad ..and ..sentimeutali.ibti dp!" shipWatSpirit,?' wXC'l'S/ b'fiicUi la £i.o-) f| But. Jackals nature wm Aoo.hopflftndKbbstfijri J to be'lon&cast; cnraiiyirrBtS on fifia/sickneT forthwith he proceeded to make his lifacoihforfeVt ;able;d.!This'was binpilueanS'a'diffiCule' irifettej'ifo . . Jacic;'' i PvPnuUder! the fmpst uaroy"plrt!®|n irtmidesrvlt- wta-a'veryeasyin i ck<s'taiiMariit jwdjvh whs , now ; t ifound' his feiloiw,, passehgraifdr.te, 'mpsjt" ' part;!? "'veil$rel,' "gopd-teinpgredy, aotrialr -- jpsopj® i 'soon got over thejffjqblmiijbfie® aj composed !tixemselyes;tp foilo.fte excellent exanleset hst? .'fir.; Jack HarrowgatAvo Then.there Ajgsb&y; .number of ladypassengers' 'on iboard the .!Spirit,"..A fair pfpportion 6f:!whoih were gM#«» looking and ' amiable. Now Jack :Prais in tib element when tMV! element! was.'; cpmpbseij"pE,', '.pjrety facesV'cbgueth'.glfincesfioft'; fprth.' He yvas a handsomp fo!Uaw!tplmabljr'a "cieyer, notatallcon.ceited,andpos3es3Cioftbat rarest of , all gifts— a self- sacrificiug generaustt 'nhtUre.'Notthat hewas one. of ..those fools whoi . ate .played: upon by reason of tbeir easyf dlsir .position. Jack could be as determined' as' th'1 vmoBt : strong-minded; whete ' - he ! eraeled;'> itnbkeiy or1 ponging ; but inaUthoseEttleaffaira' oiE social life, which go ao far ness pis "weU as the courtesy of 'the participahteil'' Jiack always proved sterling gold.! Add , to ihia !, . that be wa3 possessed of many of those accbmV.- ;pUments which, like , the pretty scenery of :a pantomime, serve to give the comedy. -its. ;cMe£ < attraction, and it will be seentbat Jabk EarrbW a gate's claims to social' distinction were of no ordi-' .nary character. He could sing rarely; played'1 ' the flute to perfection ; read poetTOth expis-;!!' sion; was the best whist and chess-player ! oft . 'board— and as for flirting, there is no computing; . his, excellence. What wonder, then, that he.i rapidly became a favorite with his fellow-voyagers, , the.ladies in particular. What wonder, that tha ybung rascal made the most of hia fascinations i andlike a judicious bagman, Booking for' orders,1, displayed his "samples" with a tact and' v ingenuity that were irresistible to those ke sought ; ! to profit by ? No wonder at all, but on the con ! trary, very natural and proper. ' : j , . But Jacky like many another, seeking to 'wih . his fellowcreatures,. fell a victim where ,he had : ; thought taproye a victor. The game he played' - turned out a very serious affair indeed; Jack fell in lore. Jack the gay, Jack the debonnair. Jack the scofffer at" the tender passion, without a struggle— so to speak— yielded rip the ghost of his philosophy,, and cried, Adsum. Like most ' of those careless, generous, happy;go-lucky. fellows, there was a depth of feeling, and an , earnestness of purpose in his nature, which only - needed a iouohof the master spirit to expand ; with vigorous life ; and Jack found this magician . in Laura Haughton, the daintiest, prettiest,' sauciest, gayest, most affectionate little woman 1 that ever played old Harry with a susceptible' nature ; the nicest little piece of female excel lence that the riun ever shone on, or the' breeze ever kissed (Oh ! happy breeze 1 Oh ! royal sun !) —and that is bold 'speaking.. She had the sharpest wit, the most nrifailing good temper, the freshest and most innocent_nature, that ever, giri . was blessed with. And Jack, after a few faint, struggles,, threw up tbe cards auir gave rip tbe .> - game. He was up t<r hia ears in tbe slougb of - love ere he hai been three weeks' en vvyags to Australia. : ' - !' ; .Not that there was anything sorprising ia'tbis?. .. Every yoilflg'fellbw Wh'o' has made a " tejigd . o? . the kind will agree with me that ; there ara'. few!!, ! conditions bo provocative ol what jaovelista term." ! the " tender passion!'- as those circumstasipa : ' aria ou't of the intimacy\\..whi<ih;!js i bteught,.;. about by the constant association of those. jsho j trnveLori'tbe" broad .waters. Then'thfteare ot mutters stimulative of love-making— -the moohi! 'L poetrytbe bro; waters, the senserif danger and ' 1 pretefction ftom: danger> gentle atehtiimaifrheB''1 the ship is roliing in a cros3 sea or pitchteg' ln;'ai ' ' westerly swellin'ficfcall the ; ihcidenli;,etfslrip- , "bciaiji life.", foot ' thof .prbsaic/elemen'\ot!p' . voyage are turned.. to accounts The; , upseil. oE! aoup, the gambola.; of .. !p6ta6jea, the ocqentsic -. . jeyoiutions'l tcxpigistwbdripg a ©fleof -wind> j ; .all contribute in some indirect manner to(pKHnpt ' f leiattention of ;one sex to" another;' ami"' fester;1 those 'pleasant feeling of gratitude rind kindliness , which are sO;cerTritely: the'1 Bidef-, paths4 ithat, efflt' short "thefdurhey "of wooing arid'the labimctot? '. .sliibe. - ,'!!. . .. -- jAiriifi these pro'voeations i|ridJ iridependoht.??, ! of the; mhn; hnd;. divers wjucb ' jack's' su£|c.eptie!'!hrt! Twagf ekpoybd; shotiid fall iri'love f net m the souse in which ho.f t /had ..hithrtq conducted such jaffairsSsbrik'. truly ; arid -honestly jitf love, , mad!;, with pretty JUWra-;.' Haughtom « How could he' Kelp; it?.: ;.The tyaring;'-' girl was the embodiment of all that as iattractivri1''4 and ' winsome pJand Jack!', for the first fiCie m'fife : life, mayMpi beheld in his lovely ileHo-pas'seh' ;; rgcfr the perspmtetJdn of aH tKosO virtur owbieffi' j ;w hearria'teoph m'riovert,k!".wh» ;!, alas!/ we tfhcountei: so/nBldom ia real hard, , , dqwringbt life. - So"thatit;cam'e to pasthat t.haa young scamp fop the first time tasted .(th&: flavor. was.ipdqod delioious) all tbe qverpqweriag happi-;. 'i ne'ssofapure and unselfish' passion— a happiness whioh,:i darri say, m ;4uitelas ecstatifc as it-is ' ' '-'v ' " 'if" » » Of oorirse-'Eaura-reMirned his'pisrioif/ else 'hoof - couyflioiiav 'bej:i:re 3 ?\ ' Jac%'fl faaGikn8.hod'Dct bc tluoTO away en; 'rel ,«xeatne.. .; Without a struggle sho :- < yielded FM-fresb, yqunig heart to onr Beapopraca ; ; and .When, as/too ship, entered' toe Heads;- and aiMhoredimthefairway of the South Channel/ fliiu ptory, begot a yeiy satisfactory.', replsfromhis charmer. And when, on that! Sncmorailtrev'eiUDg,' these young people sat loot-; IpgAvex the- toffrailaf the Bhip into the calm and: j$dwaters, they saw there reflected, the faces. tltwoofthohappie'Et, and' perhaps cilliest, people ca-alkAustralia. v . " ; Of course theyoungpeople, daring thatsobor idfcCohrereaUeu 'which'I am told nsnally folic ws nMn a. ipntnal 'declaration, of passion/agreed! Witt/tor the present,. i(j would be necessary - tp MBCeahthek lose affair: from the young,: lady's; father, - 'And herel beg that proper .people will joot bold up their hands, and tuni np their : eyes t'iepTobation ?of such deceitful conduct, " 'As nociety.is now constituted, my worthy moralists, : djTisah indispensable element of o ur inter-, Murso with each other,' , Jf yon aqd Know-were tphecomeobtrosisely candiaand so/ppeafc " our pπ/,'ai the phrase goes, /instead Jof. redmpli- , rwhtingeach;otnefohtheEOSsessxon,ofphyEdcri- ti'cal sirthe, wo should he apt togiye utteraucetd, some renmrhably, unpleasant . :"i?ealisms.,l' ';.It would'ntdo. And so,' much ; ad - Jack andLaura adored-each other, and muchaa' their .loTe'-in- spiredthem with hope : and confidence, in' the future/toPy had common sense';eri6ugh;-left to. toem to know right well, that all before, them was not quite-plain sailing. ;'They were, not, quite so infatuated as to believethat all . they . had ' to- do was tUhneel at Mr, Haughton's'feet; reveal their pafiSion/ask his blessing, get ib,afta be married, tor totrith.Therefore,toey Veryproperlyarranged that untU Jack should makehis fortune—' a trivial achievement, which intbeir glowing hope wan already cut and dried for his accbinplisnment —it would be necessary to " love and sigh" in eocret. ." ' .' When, therefore, old Mr. Haughton came on td.for his.daughter, there was nothing in that young lady's manner, beyond a- few blushes and pretty flutterings, natural, and proper enough, to indicate the actual .condition of .affairs, at any rate to such a short-sighted old gentleman as he taWin'SUdr mattersi " As for Jack, we hnfiw-thut he was possessed of the impudence of toe well, that it'took a very great deal to capsize his1 pelf-possession, He was as much' at ease undor the ordeal of an introduction to his charmer's papa as he would have been' tinder that of any . ordinary social ceremony. And when Laura some what confusedly explained to.her father how kind and attentive; Jack nad been during the voyage! and the old gentleman; taking it for/granted that thiB kindness and attention were entirely disin terested; expressed, his cordial thanks, Jack, rare hypocrite as he was, received them as coolly and; collectedly as if the old gentleman's interpreta- i tion had been the correct one. " ' Much obliged to! you, sir,?' said Mr, Haugb- t(gjrin a cheery voice.''! shall, be glad to see you nt; Wattle Lodge. Come- to-morrow, and dine with us; " We've a cosy place, and as the Spaniards say— eh, Sir— eli— I hope you will '.make it your own. . Ha ! ha ! I and my fiqnsehold aire at your disposal; ek— hem— ha, Itod rmth. these words the jolly old fellow shook Jack warmly by hip hand, and carried his daughter ashore, leaving_our hem yew favdrahlyjppissBed' 3>y his cordial l'eceptipnj and/secjfitly resolved to., tedt ite spirit in a vSy "practical fashion, For Jack-was ene of those giiersonswho. frank,- apjf candid himself, interpreted pwple's ' expressions of good will and hospitality in the honest fashion' with/which he himself would hxve uttered them, and never for one momehtViegarded a kindly greeting, or a hospitable offer, as meaning nothing more than words. It will' therefore be easily understood that Jack was in no wise backward in taking advantage of tho hospitable invitation ex tended to him by his charmer's papa, - Feweveu- ings passed that he did not contrive to find his svay, to Wattle Lodge, and, basking in the sun- ehind of love', pass us pleasant' an existence as can well be imagined. : There was no alloy to his hap- - pinoss, save, indeed, the occasional obtrusion of the thought that its consummation was not. facilitated by his present idle life, and that the future he was to make, ere he could win Laura for Lis wife, was as far, and farther, from His grasp than ever. . But Jack, as I have attempted to nhow, was a happy-go-lucky, personage, who never permitted unpleasant reflections Upon the past or; future to mar present enjoyment. So he dangled after his lady-love in that idle, charming, pur poseless fashion, which I) for one,think the very poetry of loving making— just .as the spectacle and odors gathered through a cookshop. window convey a more subtle pleasure to the imagination than the viands themselves could bestow upou the palate. i - Therewas one person, however! of the house hold who somewhat interfered with: Jack's happi ness. Miss Tabitha Haughton, a maiden lady of uncertain age, a red nose, a limited supply of 111- tempered' (agressive ; looking' hair and that voluntarily suggests the notion of dried herrings; or a neck of muttoD, to one's organs of compari son, had, from the first, regarded - Mr. John Harrogatewith suspicion. An old maid, she had an old maid's' suspicious temper, an old maid's impatience, of youth and freshness ; and as all hope of. love's delights . in this world were,' for her, gone for ever, she was naturally antagonistic to those who were more happily situated. With' the shrewd' perception of one who had watched the game of life without participating in it, she readily perceived who .were the players in this!: instance :<and, despite' the caution with which Jack and his ladylove conducted their courtship, ehe was not long in perceiving the : existence ofa secret and confidential .understanding between, them, Thereupon she immediately revealed her suspicions to her brother. /'But that excellent gentleman, in whose generous .mind no i potty thought or suspicion could find a resting place, pooh-poohed the' story; declared that his Laura was too sensible a girl to fall' in love with an idle scapegrace, like Jack Harrowgate, ' and'' too good a girl, if she did; to withhold the. knowledge from her father. So far baffled. Miss. Tabitha set herself to watch for some evidence by "which she could triumphantly confute her brother's con fidences in his daughter, and M3 ridicule of her' own suspicions. ' ' The opportunity soon presented itself. One fine evening,. when the old gentleman hid played nis regular game of backgammon with Jack, and wm takibghis c,ustomary nap on the sofa; Miss Xatntha nOisele&sIy; entered the- room, and dis- . covered Master Jack sitting vefycosily by -the nxeziueiwith;- his arm round Laufag waist, and bis hps to suspiciously close to hers that it needed Sot acertain uttmistakeable " smacking" sound to retF the? bonifying; truth that Jack, had jassed her niece. ' S'NoW'thonghtthe vestal, « I'll convince that aoole of a brother of mine,"-, ; . J stepping quickly to the sofa upon which that ow -gentlemen reclined, Miss Tabitlia ad- nusmtered a smart pinch to Mb leg, and having by this meanasjxeoeeded in attracting hia atten- mod, directeoE- it to the young people, who; tod. absorbed m their billing i and cooing, had not heard the slight noise made by old Haughton in response to Miss Tabitha's pinch, and were quite innocent of -the discovery.' yW gJutleman rubbed his eves, stared,' toon rubbed his eyes again. For the fifet time in bis life be doubted the evidence of bis sebsea ."Wwlyherftoth dawned -upon himj indeCii' «wstf finuovrMehte anit-lidura'e ' placid content dition (d .(ffoirs.- ' ' - ? vHfeltea, :Slitefer 'Jick,'' roared the oldrentle-, man, when,; having ' regarded ; the paii for some; fiveminutes.'hebecame satisSpdofthereality of the scene.1 " BMloa, .you Eir f What the devil i'ye meaujehrWhat d'yomean Mufeundw J am; Eir;AIOllBd my. daUghter'e ' wrist,' sir; -take it awaylbie instanfe. - Damme, ho contihued; T'fchis S a pretty to do aifd/ ted in the face as a beetieot, the . old: feQdw: bounced froni sdfai 'and confronted- the pair as. they stood pritY-tbe veiy embodiments of sheepish- ness&nd;|lconfaBion. ' I ' Wollj 5 ofi rcoursn Eaurk wept, 1 heir'.-.father stormed! and: Jack blurted'ont apologies>by tbe bushel philwMisa Tabitha stooa by rurding -the pleasant littlA nprbarlsheihad icreted -with genuine satisfaction.' 'At Idst.the oktgentleman, directing Ms aistOr te take Laura' to her chamber, turned upon. Jack. - .v. ;;.'v "How sir," sria he, : " this is a ; very : pretty ahuseofmyconfidenceandhospitality; By George, sir, J ouldn'j; have, bCueyed it,.il;I haidn t seenUt with' my . owixi eyes.'; What the devil d'ye mean, eh ?";- And Mr» Haughton, as is usual with easy-tempered peoplq when they once work . thfiEfselye's., into a rage stamped . and fumedinthe most- violent fashion imaginable; kicking the chain about; and swearing as the most reprobate trooper or Yanked teattsternover. didjswear. ... Of course. Jqck could. make no excuse. There was none, in truth, to offer... lie had abused bis host'sconfidenca andkindness j and-sball'thathe could-now'do was to confess bis fault, protest his passion.for Laura, and cravq forgiveness.' Old'Mr. Haughton'4 temper, if; violent at -times, was not lasting : rather<xesembling those fierce puffs and squalls one encounters' at sea, than the prolonged1 and steady fury ''of the < temptest. Moreover heHvas stout, and soon lost! ; his Breath, and- being,, at last,t unable to speak, i he was fain to listdu. And nen he heard Jack'B V humble excuse, and beheld the penitence ex pressed in his' frank and honest face, he cooled uown considerably. ; " Humph," said he, " you're a nice youth. you are. However, it is my own. fault. . Tabitha told . me long ago how the game was -going : hut, like n ; fooljF'didtft bblieveher. . Bdt I 'didn't think Laura would so deceive ma— I didn't indee'd-' U ' " It w'as my fault,' " cried Jack eagerly— in-; deed it was my fault." " Oh, I can easily understand that," Baid the old gentleman with fine irony— "butit's none the less galling for that. However, the mischief is : done now, and the only thing I can do is to put.a ! stop to its. further progrees. , You'll forgive; me, if I speak plainly. You're 'penniless, and can't afford to marry. You've your position to make, my lad, and couldn't par for bread and butter at' present. Well, I don't -intend that Laura should know the bitterness, of genteel poverty, if I can help it, So, youngster, you must give her up." „ "I can't ; I cau't, indeed,'? cried "poor: Jack, clasping his. hands with a pitiful gesture. " The deuce you can't, ' criela old Haughton, regarding Jack with a comical aix" well, then we'll alter the phraser-you must.". - -. i ; . ; Bnt here Jack broke m. with renewed pf'ofes- sionsof bis unalterable and ffjldying passion for Miss Laura, i He said that he could not rivaher. up, but wouldrbe happy had he to wnit years/and so forth ; 'finally appealing to the old geutleman's fifMna njmwhstW.it posable to? fovea , his daughter "53 he ToTecl -hefwibsign her so' readily, v; The old gentleman; who was not tnimoved by Jack's eloqugiice and'earnestnlss, softened. solna- \- whht as he replied : " My voung >&iend;, you think that ;Tjhat you say is the truth. How'I' thinthat tjie best wavto prevent themoth from singing its.vwigs is to remove tbe candle; You; must not sed naura again," 'Bjit this Jack wopld' not hear of. He, in turn, hec'amoTexasperated, ; and began to fret and fume as young lovers -wilt when the bit is: first put inAr their niouths -and ' they experience the check of the. curb-rein. The old gentleman watched him" fn silence; for some time. Then he said— ' Well, Jack,! can feel for you, though you, have treated me so shabbily." I'll tell you what I'll do. Laura is hut a girl yet. Til give you three years to establish yourself in a position sufficiently good to' guarantee her from the risk of. poverty. If you can manago lt in that time, and and are still of the same mind (which, however, is not likely), why then you may make a pair of fools of yourselves, ..But, understand, I'll have no correspondence.' ; ' On this point £ou will give me your word as a gentleman"— and the old fellow blew his nose with :an' air of decision. -After all, this was not a bad offer of .compromise, and Jack; after a few moment's reflection acquiesced in the. condition, begging only for one last interview with his charmer ere he: set forth on that journey we all so eagerly strit upon, hut which, riasl so few" of us ac- c'omplisM l-To' this . Btipulatiou 'Mr!" Haughton acceded; and -Jack nexfc morning, in the presence 'of 'Miss Tabitha, who looked as 'grim as : aVmoss ; trooper, and as sour as a lemonj-bade his sweet- heart a long farewell, receiving as encouragement and hope her - whispered vows of unalterable constancy and love. With a comparatively light heart, and ; a very light pocket— for his idle living in- Melbourno had sadly diminished his little capital— Jack, leaving.:his fine clothes in the care of his land lady, aonned a digger's garb, and shonldering a pair of blankets; and the ordinary swag of the tramp, set off manfully for Wood's Point, in search of that future which was to bring him and -Laura- happiness." How be succeeded we :nmy:gneto, when three years after wards; on the day before' Christmas -day, he re-entered Mel- bourne, the despondent and toil-worn personage whom -I introduced at the commencemens of this 'yeritahleTstoiy. rr ' ; - - Jack's thoughts, as he limbed painfully along, were none of the. most cheerful, and, somehow, gloomy -thoughts at; Christmas time, are tenfold gloomier . than at any other pprtion otlie year. Courageous as he wasj/ an Jpll of that hope which belongs to youth, he could not conceal, from himself that his chances of winning Laura's' hand were now. very faint indded." Yet, 'somehow, he had been drawn to town by the mournful yet tender thought that he Bhould be near her. It is .astonishing what' small comforts lovers can gather from sources which, in" relation to other andmore prosaic mattffrsfseem very paltry and childish. Yes ! Jack tkoUglrtithat, at' least, he should be within a, mile oOSgof hu'iniBtress, and in that reflection he tookpffmctflhfbrt ; al though, for all practical purposes, as: he knew, he might just as well be at Kamschatka or on' the top of the Andes. . , .The afternoon was well advaifeed, when Jack, turning into an humble tayem in kiizabeth- street, called for some refreshments, and- pro ceeded to smoke bis pipe and ruminate. Every body who smokes knows the? virtue of a pipe under 'such conditions as thai in which Jg found himself. As he wrapped himself in tjte fumes of the pleasant. weed, his thoughts gradu ally assumed a pleasant tone, and by the time he had' finished his third pipe, he had arrived at the conclusion that, however bad things might seem, they might, nevertheless, he capable of mending. : As this thought came to hito, Jack's handsome face lit up surprisingly;; and Jack, I can tell yon, was as handsome as ever— hand somer, indeed— albeit more' stern and ohler- lookingy but more manly, and decorated by a surprising nd beard. , He was.1 reflecting upon; the best method of meiiUing matters, when' theiw entered into the 'roam a person ofwomewhat remarlable appinr-' -ance. J He.- was a.short,' etouty ibieMsetperson-' age, of. a- half gardener, half;- gonlQkeopor, &ppeaxance;, witha round red; face,- a 'round ;red pose, two merry rontid eyes, and a mouth' con- sMntly pnekexeuwp in the shape of an '0. Hot ps the weaither was, he -woxe.a scaylet/handker- Chief -woend around, his neck with several folds, land ' the thick /overcoat and- double-breasted waistcoat with Winch -ho was - clothed further' -indicatod; that Mther ifrom choice'-icr necessity, the wearer by ho means consulted ; the influence; of tho. seasons in, his selection of garments, HCvertheless he was intensely warm, as the. per spiration-which rolled-down -' his 'face -in beads, his flushed cheeks, and his generally mbist and . smoky appearance, sufficiently indicated; Sitting down, be uhbattoned "his coat.' and vest, puffed -prodigiously, and loudly calling, for. & .pint ' of. beer,, drank it at agulp, and seemed considerably relieved, " Warmish Weather, mate;" ' srid he to Jack, whose attention, momentarily - diverted -by the . man's entrance, "new returned . to hie own." affairs. " Very warmish weather, ain't it 2" \- , It needed too- .consideration on Jack's park" to ' ahswer; with perfect- truth, that'ib was warmish weather. Tins dohe, he returned once more : to his own reflections;: : 'But toe stranger seemed inclined to be inquisitive and'communicative. : '' Come down fibin the country, guv'ner 2" he asked. . " Yes," answered Jack, shortly, " I have." ; "Ah," observed the man. ' . As there was nothing in this remark calling for reply; Jack .took riq notice of it, and. erice; ;:mqre fell back oir-his own thoughts. . ... . (To Ic concluded in cur next.J 