FREE THOUGHT ALIAS INFIDELITY. , On Sabbath morning last a sermon was an nounced to be preached in the Presbyterian Church, Palmer-street, on "theSabbath question and Politics." The preacher chose for his text, ,aA!ntr pertain nortions of the divine word , bearing on the subject, Mark xi . 27,: "And Jesus said unto them, the, Sabbath day was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath " A very lengthened introduction starting' from the fact that a day of rest now exists, prepared the way for a full discussion of tHe question in hand. It dmped itself into four branches :-l, As to the ongin of the Sabbath ; 2, as to its. design ; 3, as to its keep ing or observance ; and 4, as to its breaking or neelect The same evening, an adventurer who is at present in the city from Melbourne, where nis occupation, and who is designated a "Lecturer on Free Thought," had adver tised in the public Press a lecture entitled "Struggles for Intellectual and Religious Liberty;" The field of observation was exten sive and afforded a wide scope for a roving imagination. The lecturer at the outset, began with the advent of the Son of God, whom he delighted to call the man Christ. The religion, he said, that He introduced, was better and superior to the religions that preceded him. These, , however, were not described, and the audience were left in doubt as to their existence ; or if the statement was only a mere imaginary fiction. Now history does admit that Judaism was accepted by the Jewish race, and, beyond their confines, heathen mythology in diverse forms exercised a potent sway over the minds of men. This Judaism the man Christ did not supersede or set aside ; for He Himself declared in His sermon on the Mount, and which all moralists in every age have extolled, that such a thought as supersession or eradication was not for a single moment to be entertained. ' ' Think not," said he addressing the congregated throng, "that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets ; I am not come to destroy, but to ful fil.' This was His own declaration, and His apostles inculcated the same view ; for the history states, "and the disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." By the man Christ and His apostles and their successors no attempt was made to emancipate the human mind. It was acknowledged as free, hence the command, " Search the Scriptures," and again Paul com mands the Bereaus in that they iearchcd the Scriptures daily to Bee whether these thingB were 80." .! As the lecturer did not describe the religions which preceded Christ's advent, and only asserted that He and His followers introduced, a new religion, and emancipated the human mind, he must have drawn upon a disordered brain for the imaginary fiction, seeing that history is entirely dumb. No doubt, as time advanced, the existing Church did leave its first love ! Men in the exercise of their finite reason, lost sight of the teachings of the Bible, and many strange vagaries took the place of sound doctrine. What was called the Church of mediaeval times became corrupt, for men as now loved to have it so. ;That, however, was not the true Church of Jesus Christ. The outward representation of Christianity was only an electro-plated article, while the real article had to be placed in concealment. The world then did not afford protection for Christ's genuine disciples. "They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword ; they wandered about in sheepskins and .goatskins ; being destitute, afflicted tor mented ; (of whom the world was not worthy ;) they wandered in deserts, and mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth." This was the true state of the Church of Christ during many . centuries that preceded a happier era. It was therefore a mere caricature of the subject which the lecturer delineated. If he had boldly affirmed that corruption had full and almost unrestricted sway throughout the domain of the existing Church, and was also systematic ally upheld by the civil power, then he would have affirmed what history is careful to set forth. The corruption of those centuries is not to be laid to the charge of true Christianity as the cause thereof ; and if candour is the aim of the free thinker, he should at once show that wicked men had usurped the place of authority, and promulgated opinions which were wholly in consistent with the teaching of the sacred record. Undoubtedly a galling bondage was fastened around the necks of men, and liberty of speech and, freedom of thought were ignored. It was human reason misapplied that really carried such terrible disaster to "Intellectual and Religious Liberty." When reason. had usurped the place of faith, and the word of God. became unknown ; when ecclesiastics in the full exer cise of ' their power forbade the unfettered exercise of the human mind, and hindered the perusal of the unadulterated Word of God ; human reason and not genuine Christianity was at fault. Here again the lecturer misstated his theme. His reasoning rested upon a well- known logical fallacy ; it embraced a suppressio veri, and set forth a suggestio falsi. The fact was wholly or designedly concealed, and the falsehood was wilfully or even deliberately put forth' in its stead. The Reformation was then described as a grand success for free thought and the unfettering of the human mind The names of Hsus, Wick- liffe, Melancthon, Cranmar, Latimar, and, Ridley were mentioned. Calvin and Knox were left out in the enumeration ; but no reason was assigned for their omission. What, then, was the work of these distinguished men? Was it a labour of love on their part to achieve the principles of the free thinker ; or was it not an inherent desire to secure for all mankind an open Bible translated into the vernacular, and the liberty to read it without fear or frown ' Too often had human reason proved a failure when unassisted by Divine grace, and these lights of the world were anxious that' manking should be enlightened from the same source whence their own light had been derived. Wickliffe's great ambition was to secure as speedy as possible a translation of the whole word of God, and he succeeded. Luther was animated with a like idea, when he was a prisoner in the Wortburgh. Knox laboured for the dissemination of the unadultered word, and appointed readers in every parish to instruct the people in its Divine teaching. Calvin systematised its doctrines ; and the people everywhere were invited to search the scripture, be prepared to give a sufficient reason for the faith once delivered to the saints. This was the real and successful effart pf the Reformers. They rescued the Bible out of the cloisters, where it had lain concealed for ages locked up in the original tongues. They put forth their whole power to disseminate it broadcast over the world. The like desire pervades the mind of every true philanthropist : but to maintain that the views of the free thinker of modern times were accepted by the Reformers is certainly a very singular delusion. The earlier as well as later Reformers aimed at a higher object. To God all glory was ascribed; and the ad vancement of that glory was the aim of their chequered lives, and m many instances; cruel and lingering deaths. The martyred Ridley ex claimed, when surrounded by faggots and chained to the fatal stake, that he would that day light up such a fire in England that all the efforts of free thinkers would be entirely in effectual to extinguish it. Here again a like fallacy pervaded the remarks of the lecturer. If he desires to spread the truth and not dis- seminate error, he should boldly state the facts of history, and not minimise or repress them. These are stubborn things ; or as the bard of Scotia put it: — "Facts are chields that wanna ding And canna be disputed." The ground was now cleared for the full expo sition of free thought. A conflict at present raged between Romanism, or rather its extreme form, Ultramontanism, and Protestantism. This con flict was full of interest to the freethinkers, and Mr Gladstone deserved great credit for the way in which he took his part in it ; and the successful victory he had gained over his papal antagonists. The lecturer did indeed speak highly of the ex- premier of England's literary achievements, but these were only mentioned in passing. The free thinker, he said; must combat orthodoxy whether it be designated papal or protestant. Wherever the lofty wall of ecclesiasticism shut out the light of human reason, it must be stormed and levelled with the dust. Too long had the human race even in highly civilized countries allowed themselves to be held in leading-strings ; and treated as children, and not as full grown men. A mightier work was now entered upon than that of the conflict which occupied the foremost minds of Europe. The mind must be freed from every fetter in which it was hitherto enthralled and man must stand before the light of day as a perfectly free agent. This was the herculean labour set before every free thinker, and he must not lay aside his armour until it was fully completed. Still he was surprised that many men were more straight laced than even the public really supposed. That very morning he had gone, said he, to heara dis course by the Rev. Dr. M 'Gibbon. Both from the man, (as he was considered distinguised, and surely he must be regarded as learned, as he was dubbed Doctor of Divinity,) and from the subject " the sabbath question and the politi cians, he expected a great treat, and was most sadly disappointed. He (the Dr.) was bound up in a close fitting garb of orthodox ecclesiasticism, and he could not free himself from his habitual train of thought. It was just a reiteration of stale and worn-out argument. "He actually asserted," said the lecturer, that the sabbath was instituted by God, when he had finished the work of Creation !" Now the lecturer ex claimed, " how could such a statement be true, seeing that Creation is not yet finished ?" This bold assertion was received without questioning and even cheered. Surely the lecturer was not in earnest, in what he confidently affirmed ; or else he was not posted up in his subject. A few moments of calm study might have pro duced a different statement than that which captivated his audience. There is certainly a reproductive force in nature, for the Creator 'Himself implanted it. There is, however, no actual creation. A Faraday or a Dalton or any other distinguished Chemist will at once con vince the most obtuse that nature, or the par ticles of matter, have neither been increased nor diminished since God rested from all his works and sanctified the Sabbath. There is a constant change of these particles in operation: yet as suredly that cannot be designated creation. There is also a reproductive power in nature, for such was the original design of the Divine mind. "And God said, Behold I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed." (Gen. i. 29.) If this be a truth that is without contradiction, what boldness is it to assert, that "it was a matter of fact that creation has never been finished." The information of an accurate character could have been found in that very book to which the lecturer never referred and always treated with unmitigated scorn. The true physicist as well as scientific chemist act more cautiously and speak more circumspectly. Their desire is not to impose upon the unthink ingly and credulous babble : but to study closely the volume of nature and ascertain its hidden meaning : The lesson so learned is in direct con firmation of the Bible and not its refutation. The free thinker may ask, as did the lecturer, "what is the teaching of nature;" and his answer may be "that it is the teaching of reason." The free thinker may demand that the Bible on all questions must submit its claims to reason, and take its place beside any other book," and these requests may be granted by the student of the Bible as well as the book of nature, and what then? Is scepticism or in- fidelity sustained in its base assumptions and glaring assertions ? Is the free thinker advanced a single step beyond what the Bible states and nature confirms, when the Word and works of God are seriously and scientifically interpreted. These can never contradict, but in pat invariably coincide. If the author of both be the same, infinite, eternal, and unchangeable Jehovah, their direct teaching must be to all intents and purposes alike. Whenever the lecturer, or Professor Tyndall has shown that nature created itself, or rather that the famous molecules of the Democritian theory, can of themselves come together, acquire force, and produce thought ; then and not till then, it may become ' a mat ter of fact that creation has never been finished." But letjjthat now pass, and observe the next statement. The preacher had said " that the Sabbath was instituted when the creation was finished " but how could that happen," ex claimed the lecturer, " when the earth was so bid that men of science had not yet settled its exact age, and theologians affirmed that it was only 6000 years." Now the preacher did liot touch upon the question of " existence " at all, however longer or shorter it might be. . He knew well, if the lecturer did. not, that , the Bible opens with a statement whereby the lengthened period . of the scientist and the limited period of the theologian, may be recon ciled. "In the beginning God created the, heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form an void ; and darkness was upon the face of the deep."— (Gen. i. 1.) Here no point of time is fixed, only the beginning of time is affirmed. Matter is not self- existent ; but whether it originated in the .remote past, as the geologist asserts, or began to exist at a more recent date, the fact is only ' stated that it is not self-created and therefore not as Plato maintained eternal. No conflict, then, need arise between the student of nature and the lover of the Bible in reference to the earth's duration. If it be older than is generally supposed, the truth of the word of the living God is not thereby impugned. Millions, of years might have rolled on until the earth was adapted for the residence of its future Lord and master and occupant. These years whether more or less bear not upon or militate against the statement of the Bible. "Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and, all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which He had made ; and He ' rested on the seventh day from all His work which He had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it ; because that in it He had rested from all His work which God created and made. — (Gen. ii. 1, 2, 3.) So the objection to the Sabbath institution was got rid of by the lecturer in a flippant and easy manner, but it will be observed still as a day of rest. He then added, it was w;ell known " that Scotland was rabidly Sabbatarian and likewise grossly immoral." Why Scotland was introduced, unless it might be reckoned as the native country of the preacher, and therefore a sly hit was thrust at nim ? but the connection of the Sabbatarianism with the immorality was; evidently and deliberately meant, and for a set purpose. The one was certainly the cause of the other, at least in the mind of the lecturer. Now the premiss could in no way support the conclusion. It is quite possible that a rigid observance of the day of rest may be enjoined, and yet gross immorality may not be the result, and vice versa. It is, however, a matter of fact, patent to the whole world, that Scotland has ever shown great . respect for the right observance of the sacred day of rest ; but it is not a matter of fact that she is thereby grossly immoral. The Sabbatarianism is at once admitted, but the immorality is contemptu ously denied. There is not a genuine Scotch man who is not with her on the Sabbath ques tion ; and, there is not a true Scotchman who would not treat the imputation of immorality with supreme disdain, and hurl it back upon the head of the daring assertor as a gross and libellous fasehood. It may be admitted that good and bad men are mixed together in every community, and Scotland is no exception to the rule ; whilst it is beyond question a malicious insinuation to assert that the whole people are equally immoral because the Sabbath is strictly kept. Such reasoning may carry conviction in the mind of a free thinker, but it must fail to obtain admission mnong men of sound judgment and accurate ob servation. This line of argument resembles that of a Frenchman who, one time crossed from England to Scotland, and on his journey he met a girl whose hair was of a red colour. On his return to his native land he published a book, the result of his travels, and among other amus ing particulars, he asserted that " all Scottish lassies he had met had carroty po ws. ' ' A general induction was drawn from a particular premiss, and the Baconian mode of rationciation over looked. In like manner did the lecturer conduct his argument, when from some, isolated case of immorality he may have read or heard of, for he did say that he could testify to the fact as an eye-witness ; he drew the sweeping and astonnd- ing assumption that "because the Scottish people are rabidly Sabbatarian, they are also, as a consequence, grossly immoral." " On the Sabbath question, then, this speci men of a D.D. was animated with a spirit like his fellows," continued the lecturer, "and warped up in a strict and narrow orthodoxy. All persons either clerical or laical were so trained in their early years, and it required a dreadful mental effort to shake off the manacles in which they were bound. The clergy, like the lawyers, would make the worse case appear the better reason for a fee, and, if possible, maintain the accepted creed. Now, free thinkers laughed at such clerical defenders of the faith. If the clergy were men of unfettered minds and noble courage, their influence might tell for good on the community ; but if the preacher on the Sabbath question could not adduce stronger arguments than he attempted, it was thus evi dent he has still been enveloped in: the swaddling bands of ecclesiasticism." . Now, the Tu quoque argument may be turned upon the lecturer him self. If the clergy be like lawyers, always ready to maintain a bad cause for the sake of a fee, for what purpose did the collectors carry round the delfware plates after the lecture, and the audience were enjoined by the lecturer to be extremely liberal ? A public man should not. in this way cast a missile, or impute a motive to another public man. There may be as much disinterestedness shown by the clergy in every denomination : as. even the most distinguished free thinker had ever displayed. . If the matter of pecuniary aid had been omitted on, the one side, no reference ought to have been m'adb to it on the other. Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones, lest their chosen weapon should be turned, against themselves, . and they find unfortunately, when too late, that both parties can play at the. same game. ' . It may be, as the lecturer affirmed, 'that popui- . lar Chistianity is in the Bible, and that the Scripture are said to be the Word of God. . That the system as to its exposition. is human in its character, and many believe it because they ' have accepted it from their childhood, and it ha never been questioned by them. . The example of Francis Newman may also be quoted ; as a vigorous struggle against the system, in which he was taught ; but even then, has he or his com peers been completely emancipated ? The' rigid spirit of the Christians is. not to be held up to ribald scorn and unmerited contempt, while it: may be justly credited,, and; perfect liberty allowed';. 'The free thinker, on the' other hand, occupies a worse' position,' as the Bible' is re-' jected, and the observance of the Sabbath is neglected by.him. He has not provided a sub- stitute for the Bible, and a constant recurrence of labour will soon destroy his physical powers and blunt his intellectual faculties. With him bigotry has a wide scope for its full develop ment in the human heart to a far greater extent , than in that of the devout Christian. The free thinker's heart has been emptied, it may be, of those precious truthswhichwere.instilledm qarly youth, and now be finds it empty, swept, and garnished. He goes abroad, seeking rest and finding none. In his utter despondency he returns, and takes unto him seven other spirits worse than himself, and the latter end of that man is worse than the first. ; Now this characteristic of the free , thinker is .- neither fanciful nor imaginary. . The facts of, history in every age support it to the veiy letter. As soon as the christian religion had displaced the existing heathenism, the friends of free thought girded oh their armour, and showed fight in behalf of their goddess, Reason. The Antonines, and after them Julian, surnamed the Apostate, exerted their dialectical skill . aided by the whole weight of the Roman empire to supplant the Christian religion, and; they utterly failed. "The wretch," otherwise this man Christ, was not crushed and His religion obliterated. The various sectaries of the Middle Ages met with a corresponding success. Even the base corruptions of wicked and scoffing men entirely covered their innovations with in famy, instead of the destruction so ardently desired. The free thinkers of a later period were equally unsuccessful. What did Lord Herbert of Cherbury achieve, and Shaftesbury by the publication of his "Characteristics?" Hobbes with his Leviathan met with no better; fatt. Toland with his " Christianity as Old as the Creation," followed in their wake, and his work which was to annihilate the Bible is now annihilated and the Word of God still lives. The boasted free thinkers of France did not emancipate themselves, although they threw off all human responsibility. Who now honours the Prince of free thinkers, the notorious Vol- taire? Rousseau, Didorat, D'Alambert and the Encyclopaedists had their day, like the tiny insect which dances its brief hour in the brilliant sunbeam, and then disappears into forgetfulness. The more determined assailants of every thing that tended to ameliorate and benefit the condition of the human race, obtained a preponderance in France at the close of the present century, and what bequest have they left for posterity ? They did indeed banish the Bible and abolish the acknowledged religion, and abrogate the Sabbath. They discovered, however, that man will worship, and hence , their idol reason was enthroned in the field, of Mars amidst the plaudits of ten thousand atheists. A tenth day was proposed instead of a seventh, so that a decade of time was dedicated to rest, instead of the Sabbatical day which had re ceived general obesiance and was at first Divinely appointed. The commandments of God were set aside by the statutes of men ; yet the former in no long time were brought into requisi tion and the latter justly were discarded. The seed, however, sown by free thought was not wholly rooted out. The fruit is still gathered in, and a rich harvest has been the result. The woeful effects of the Commune are not obliteratd from the face of unhappy France; and that wretched country has to thank free thought for the fallen state in which it now lies prostrate under the galling thraldom of an unbridled and licentious spirit. "He alone is free, whom the truth makes free ; And all are slaves beside. " This is the unerring judgment of a gifted mind, and, all the sophistry which free thinkers either in the present or the past have used by every stratagem on their part has been unable to over turn or refute it. The Bible is not yet old fashioned, or even obsolete: and if the lecturer would open it, as he may have done in happier days, he would ' read the striking and appropriate language a Peter, who spake as he was moved by the Holy Ghost. " But there were false prohets among the ' people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable 1 heresies; even denyiug the Lord that bought them, andbringuponthemselvesswiftdestruction And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of." — (2 Peter ii. 1, 2.) Now if the lecturer of free thougt and the coterie who have rallied around him, had gone in a photographer, and had got a correct likeness taken, they could not have been better delineated 'than in the above representation. It is no new thing to extol th'e ' reason of man, and 'as long as folly is bound up . in the heart of a child/ it will also at times as- sert its vitality in the actions of the man. What- ' ' ever his motive may be — either good or bad — he . ; also will secure more or less support in a mixed population his pretensions even the most bold and daring will gain for him a corresponding;' amount of credit and respect. But at best he . will be only a fool, who atiya there is no God and that folly will be easily perceived in any insidious attempt to ignore the Word of God and load it with contempt. "What a man soweth that in due time he shall also reap. He that soweth to the wind/ shall reap the whirl wind." .This is not only the recognised law of nature, which/is confessed to be the guide of all free thinkers, but it is also the law of grace. These laws sprang from the same Divine source, and have a like effect. A true teacher, then, is not destructive, as the Masonic Hall lecturer is, but constructive. The corypheus of free thinkers, J. S. Mill has certainly left the impression that the Bible still held a place in his withered and care-worn heart. " That book, that Holy book, on every line Marked with the seal of high Divinity, .. On every leaf bedewed with drops of loive ' Divine, and with the eternal heraldry . - And signature of God .almighty stamped, From first to last; this ray of sacred light; ' This: lamp, from off the everlasting throne, Mercy took down and in the night of time / Stood,' casting on' the dark His gracious bow ; And evermore beseeching men, 'with tears And earnest sighs; to read, believe and live." Princess Beatrice.1— 'The rumour is repeated' l- : : that the ; JPri i cess .Beatrice is '.' engaged " to the hereditary Grand j .I|uk9 of . .Baden, ' a : youth of. > ( , her own y rarsj, and ( a gra. Ison of, the Emperoi- . , 'of'.Germany, /" j,: , aid 'io j.:',; yawni 