GEELONG ANNUAL RACE MEETING. First Day, Thuesday, February 4. THE GOLD CUP DAT. Stewards—MessrsT. Asche, S.Austin, John Bell, S. V. Buckland, A. Chirnside, C. Ibbotson, James Noble, J. D. Bobinson, Dr. D. B. Reid. Starter—Mr Chirnside. Handicapper—Mr E. T. Barnard. Time keeper—Mr John Tait. Clerk of the Coarse—Mr D. O'Toole. Secretary—Mr . G. B. Bippon. When last we wrote upon the prospects of the meeting we stated that a few stars were shining and that there was every probability that the rain had ceased for good. Not many minutes afterwards, however, the stars had again disappeared, and although no rain tell until shortly before seven, it looked gloomy indeed. Then followed an hour of magnificent sun shine, and telegrams as follows were pre pared by one of the leading officials of the Racing Club for despatch to the sporting papers and leading sporting houses of Mel bourne, directly the office opened, viz: — " Splendid rain, succeeded by magnificent sunshine," before, however, be could get down to the office with these, rain bad again began to fall, not a speck of blue sky was to he seen, and his hopes of a fine day were damped, very much damped indeed, he having neglected to provide himself with a macintosh before leaving home. Shortly afterwards came another glimpse of sunshine, but heavy dark clouds in the southward, from whicn quarter the wind was blowing, showed that but very little faith could on that occasion be placed in the constancy of " Old Sol." Bookmakers talked about the advisability of postponiug the meeting, " there would not be auy attendance worth speaking of, and the club would suffer." Of course they were perfectly disinterested in making these remarks, but it has been one of the leading principles of those who have been concerned in the management of the Gee long Racing Club never to postpone a race a single minute after the time advertised unless the course was in so floodedastatethat horses would have to swim or that a heavy rain totally precluded the attendance of any visitor. It must be confessed, however, that up to half-past 10 o'clock yesterday morniog things looked very " dicky" in deed, and the report of Mr J. D. Robin son, who had gone out to inspect the coarse, was waited for with much anxiety, even by the stewards themselves. Still, our remarks concerning the state of the' coarse, that it would lake a very heavy rain indeed to make it useless for good racing purposes were fully borne out, as when Mr Robinson returned into town be reported the running ground to be in ex cellent condition. Few of those who beard him say so could credit his statement; they thought he never could have g..ne round the coarse, bat, as the stewurds willed that the races should be held, they were hound to go out to see them. We fancy a great many were surprised to find that within three honrs of the heavy rain the carpet-like covering of the members' reserve was so dry that ladies and gentlemen could, and did comfortably and with safety sit upon it to enjoy th -ir luncheons. The fact of-the matter is it would take a week's rain, after such dry weather as we have recently experienced, to sodden the turf on our race course which seldom was in better condition than it was yesterday, although, necessarily, much slower than it would have been but for the rain. It is, as stated yesterday, covered with couch grass which is gradually working its way up on to the lawn, and the sooner it does the better, for the attempt to cultivate English grasses thereon has been a failure. As showing the great interest taken in the running for the Geelong Cup it may be stated that notwithstanding a telegram was expected every minute announcing that the races had been postponed there was such an outcry for accommodation at the Spencer- street station that three extra carriages had to be put on to the train provided by the authorities, and never did so many visitors to a race meeting at Gee long travel by rail. These arrived here shortly after twelve o'clock and then en sued the real stampede for the course, a few early birds having alreadv gone out in a very ugly 'bus imported from Ballarat and other vehicles, and soon it was clearly evident that the attendance was to be much larger than the most sanguine had an ticipated it would be. Thanks to the rain laying the dust, and the great at 'rn'ci°n ,Pa'^ by the Bhire surveyor of South Barwon, the road out was in splendid condition, but we certainly cannot compliment the stewards on the row msiije tip cowg Ha&og; (tows to tbe Grand Stand. This ought by next year to be made twice as wide as it is at present and thoroughly well metalled, and we are therefore glad to hear that this is the next improvement the stewards have in view. Nothing of particular moment occurred on the road out. The rotten old bridge over the Waurn Ponds did not give way, and there were no breakdowns that we saw. On arriving at the course at about 1 o'clock the sun was shining brightly on the white en— campmeDts of Messrs Miller," Toole, Hardymcn, and others, who had pur chased the privileges, outside the mem- ^ bers' reserve, the scores of carriages aod • - the many visitors already perambulating on the course at once showed that the stewards had used a wise discretion in not postponing the races. The attendance during the day amounted to about 2000, and the Grand Stand and saddling paddock were better patronised, we believe, thau they were Jast year oa toe nrsc «ia>T w«uu the weather was so beautiful. Mrs Farley catered under the Grand Stand ; did her self credit, and has promised to do even better to-day. The weather, however, was rather too cool to be financially beneficial to the dispensers of liquids, and they did not probably reap the harvest they ex pected. The accommodation provided for the members of the Press gave satisfaction. , to all the gentlemen connected with recog nised leading papers, and, in fact,"the stew ards had done all that conldbe done to make everybody comfortable. With respect to the racing we have seen some better, taking the whole of the events into consideration, but we have never seen a more exciting and better contested race than that ' be tween Mr Tait's Melbourne and Mr Chirn side's Haricot for the Gold Gup. This was without doubt one of the most interesting races ever run in Australia; certainly only six horses started, but everyone cf them was supposed to have a chance, all the out siders haviDg been from time to time weeded out. Many were heard to say that therewasnothinginitbut Haricot; eventhe veteran Tait admitted that Mr Chirnsidc's was a very dangerous horse, although he did not fear any other ; but hundreds of the cognoscenti, bookmakers, trainers,, and men about town, men who are supposed to know all about a race before it is over, not only believed that Lurline, Wolloraai,"and Lapidist were to be the first to pass the judge's eye, but actually backed their opinion—in coin — to no inconsiderable amount. Another reason why the race for this valuable specimen of Mr Fischer's art created 60 much interest was the fact that the owner of every horse competing, with the exception of the owner of Hurline, was well known and popular. We mean no offence to the owner of Lurline, who is not so well known in this district as we hope to see the owner of so fine an animal bye and bye. Of course there were many who would like to have seen it won by the uncle of the lady who so gracefully presented the trophy . to the winner as this district certainly dees not possess a more enthu siastic racing man, a gentleman who cares little about any stake so long as the best horse fairly wins. Still the cheers 'that greeted the veteran Tait showed that although he was not a district man the honest rnnniDg of his representatives bad gained him the popular esteem, aud had that worthiest of bonifaces, John Cleeland, or the quiet unassuming Filgate been to the front, their victory would have been hailed with the same applause by all dis interested spectators, and it need hardly be stated the absence of Mr James Wil son's name from the list of competitors was universally regretted. After the enp had. been won, Mr Tait was again escorted up .to the Governor's Stand by the stewards, there to receive the future companion of the cup he won last year, and cheers rent the airi In handing the " the golden bauble." Mrs Bell said, " I am sure Mr Tait you do not need any speech from me on this important occasion, ' the fact that you have won the Geelong Gold Cup must be all sufficing to you. I may tell you, however, I was glad to "see "yellow and black" again to the fore, although, of course, I should have liked to have seen my uncle, Mr Chirnside, win. (Applause.) I hope you may long live to win such well deserved rewards, and on the part of the people of Geelong, I have much pleasure in presenting you with this very handsome specimen of the goldsmith's art." This neat little speech having been greeted with cheers, Mr Tait replied as follows:—"I am most gratified for the compliment you have passed on me and my racing career,' I can simply say it affords me as much gratification on this second occasion of winning the Geelong Gold Cup as it did on the first when I gained an unexpected victory, the cap was also presented by a lady of Gee long, and I said it was the happiest and proudest moment during my thirty-Bix years' career on the turf. (Cheers.) Had I not desired very much to win the Gee long Gold Cup for the second, time, I " should have beeu ou the sea sailing away, for Old England, in fact I had completed my arrangements for going there, but no thing led me to remain but the desire to win the cup. You may rely upon it that 'Old John Tait, as I am worthily called, for God kuowB I am old enough—(laughter)—will as long as he is able be always represented at your.' annual race meeting (applause) ; and if not always able to be here myself, I shall, be represented by some good honest animal that will always run to win. I hive much1 pleasure in calling for three cheers for Mrs Bell and the ladies of Geelong." It is, hardly necessary to state the cheers given in answer to this invitation made the grand stand fairly ring again. Silence having been restored, Mr S. Y. Buckland, on be half of the stewards, said they would always be glad to welcome Mr Tait to Geelong; and the owner of Haricot, Mr Chirnside, good humoredly remarked, " I shall press you very hard yet, Tait" — both re marks coming in for applause. The Maiden Plate, as we hinted yesterday, was appropriated by Light o' Day; and the running in the Hurdle Race was the most extraordinary we ever saw, the winner holding back and letting the others get so far in front of hira that none but those who knew how very fast he conld travel on the fiat ever believed that he had a ghost of a show, instead of which he came in an easy winner. In the Selling Stakes the Kingston filly won with consummate ease, and Calumny sprend eagled her field in the Grand Stand Stakes. Mr Phillips gave great satis faction as judge, and a better sfart tbnn^ that effected in the race for the Gold Cup by Mr Chirnside has seldom been wit nessed. This gentleman was elected hy (he stewards to the position of judge, hut wished to be relieved of starting in those races in which he was directly interested. As no other starter was available he ac cepted the office, and with the exception of the Mile Race, in which the horses went off to a scattered start, gave great satisfac tion. Mr J. D. Robinson, steward and hon treasurer, was, as he always is, inde fatigable, and the manner in which he carried out the details connected with the management of the meeting was worthy of all praise. The following were the results of the day's running, iz:— THE ai&TDEtr; PLATE, Of GO sovs., with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each from starters added. One mile and a half. "Weight for age. J. Coldham'a b e Light o'Day, 3 vrs 7st 91b (W. Wilson) . i J. Bathe's eh f Discretion, 3 yrs, 7st 61 b (Pigott) ... 2 J. Arthur's br e Spark, 2 yrs, 5st fwii liams) 3 A. Chirnside's br c Partisan, 4 yrs, 9st; (Grubb) ^ 0 J. Brown's b m Trifle, 4 yrs, Sst llVlj (Rowe) _ _ 0 J. O. Inglis' g m Lena, 4 yrs, 8st 111b CB°yd) ... o Triflo went off with the lead, and kept it until the new ground past the turn, Par tisan being second, hard held, Light o' Day being last. Thus they travelled until the back of the coarse had been reached, when the first horses fell back, Light o' Day put on steam and drew up, and the whole of the horses, when passing the poplars, could have been covered with a large sheet. It was simply impossible fco tell for some dis taww whish was $?gtf gpwfc shQweg in front, followed by Mr Coldbatn'a colt Trifle taking third place, and Discretion fourth. On coming into the last turn, Light o'Day challenged and passed Spark, and led into the straight run home. Dis cretion made a gallant effort to catch him, hut only succeeded in securing a second place. Time, 2min. 52sec. Betting at the start—6 to 4 agst Light o' Day, 6 to 2 any other. THE HANDICAP HURDLE EACE, Of 75 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 5 sots. each added. Three miles. J. Brown's gr g Robin, 10st 4lb (Howe) 1 W. Mason's b g Native, 9st 21b (Burke) 2 E. Jellett's b g Welshman, 9st 111b (J. Jellett) ... 3 O- P. W. Palmer's b m Dunmore, 9st (Matthison) ... 0 A. Chirnside's Fearnought, 5 yrs, 8st 111b (Herlihy) ... 0 S. Harding's blk g Othello, 8st 41b, (Rees)' ... 0 Fearnought and Othello were both left behind at the start, bnt this was through no fault of the starter, who doubtless would have preferred seeing his own horse get away on better termB. Then enSued the most wonderful hurdle race that has ever been witnessed on this or any other course in the world. Native, a fast enough horse for a hurdle racer, went away with a strong lead, which he kept all the first round, and until he was opposite the poplars in the second round. All this time Fearnought had been amusing the public by taking hiB jumps sideways, and finally running off the course. Welshman and Othello hadbeentry ing to catch Native, and Robin, the favorite, had hung back until it began to be thought that it was never intended that he should win. Those, however, who were acquainted with Mr Brown knew better than this, and at the point mentioned hebegan toshow what really wonderful pace he is possessed of. In almost the twinkling of an eye he had fetched up the hundred and fifty yards be had been behind the other horses, passed them as though they were standing still and entered the straight run, on the inside, in company with Native. The latter strug gled gallantly to win but it was of no use, Robin had the foot of him, and, whilst he was gamely struggling under a plentiful dose of whipcord, won easily hands down. Time, 7min. 38sec. Betting—6 to 4 agst Robin, 5 to 2 agst Welshman, 3 to 1 agst any other. THE OEELONG GOLD CUP, A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 250 sovs. and a gold cup, valued at 100 guineas, added. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. out of the stakes Two miles. J. Tait's b c Melbourne, 3 yrs, 7st 2lb (Boland) ... 1 A. Chirnside's b g Haricot, 4 yrs, 7st 101b (S. Davies) ... 2 J. Tait's b h M'Callum Mobr, 5 yrs, 7st 121b (Grnbb) ... 3 J. Watt's br m Lurline, 5 yrs, 8st 41b (Ligbtfoot) ... 0 W. Filgate's b b Lapidist, 4 yrs, 8st (Hailes) . ... 0 J. Arthur's b c Wollomai, 5 yrs, 7st 61b (Cracknell) ... 0 This, the race of the day, bad been looked forward to with a considerable amount of anxiety, and Borne surprise was expressed that the Melbourne Cnp winner should have been sent ont on the course so long before be was required, the trainer having mistaken the time. It was not, however, generally considered that be lost bis chance of winning thereby. Both be and bis opponents were Bnbjected to a severe criticism as they were saddled, and afterwards as they took a preliminary canter. At last the cry arose " they're off," and a finer start has never beeh witnessed on the Geelong course. Melbourne was the first to show in front on the ontside. Haricot being second on the inside, M'Callnm Mobr being third. They bad not gone a hundred yards, however, before Haricot led, and shouts arose " Haricot's leading, and never will be caught," and so be did lead all round the course, very closely waited upon, however, by Melbourne, who came with a rush just before the straight run, followed at no great distance by hiB Btable com panion. Only for a few seconds during the race did Lurline or Wollomai look danger ous ; the real contest was between Haricot and Mr Chirnside's pair, and when Mel bourne and Haricot came into the straight ronueck and neck, the excitement was in tense. Suddenly it was seen that the strap pingsonot Panic wasreceivingthewhip; like a true-blooded one, however, he not only took bis punishment patiently, bat strovo to improve his pace. This he did, and as the leading pair went past the stand they were still neck and neck. "Melbourne wins !" " Haricot wins 1" cried the sup porters of either champion ; it was cither horse's race until within a stride of the winning post, when Melbonrne managed to score Mr Tait's second Gold Cup victory by a bead, M'Callum Mohr being a fair third. This race proved that Haricot is not licked directly he is collared, and that Mel bonrne is one of the grandest colts in Aus tralia. The time was given as 3min. 46sec., and as there was a very strong wind pre vailing at the time, and the turf was not so fast aB usual, this must not be looked upon as bad work. The following were the odds at the start, viz—2 to I agst Haricot, 4 to 1 agst Melbonrne and Wollomai, 5 to 1 agBt any other. THE SELLING STAKES Of 60 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs for starters only. One mile and a half. Weight for age. R. Powers b f by Kingston, 2 yrs, 5st 41b (Williams) ... 1 — Leirsch's b g Prince, aged (.£20), 7st 121b (Grnbb) ... 0 D. O'Toole's ch g Novice, aged (£10) 7st 51b (Savage) ... 0 S. Waldock*s br g Castoff, 3 yrs (£40) 6st 131b (Snarey) ... 0 The little bay filly won this with the greatest of ease, and, unfortunately for the clnb, was entered (not to be sold). THE GEAND STAND STAKES, A handicap of 75 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each added. One mile. J. Watt's ch m Calumny, 5 yrs, 7st 61b (Matthews) J, Arthur's br c Polidori, 3 yrs, 7st 111b (Cracknell) W. Winch's ch m Atalanta, 4 yrs, Set 21b (Hailes) J. R. CoweU's b g Valentine, 7st 121b (Snarey) Polidori was made a very warm favorite for this, bnt Calumny fairly outpaced him and won easily. Then ensued the nsnal rush towards town, on the road into which a broken down wag gonette and a dead horse were the only evidences that, for some, the day had not pleasantly terminated. For to-day the following is THE PROGRAMME : THE CONNEWAERE HANDICAP, (To start at a quarter past one o'clock.) Of 125 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each added. One mile. For two and three years oldB. st. lb. J. Bathe's ch f Discretion, 3 yrs ... 7 10 J. Wilson's b f Maid of. All Work, 2 yrs ... 7 0 C, Kelly's br c Kamarooka, 2 yrs ... 6 6 J. Arthur's br c Spark, 2 yrs ... 6 J.Wilson's, br f Mary Gladstane, 2 yrs ... 6 0 THE STEWARDS PURSE, Of 60 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs each from starters added. One mile and a quarter. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for 50 sovs. If entered not to be sold, to carry 71b extra; £40 allowed 71bs; £30,141bs; £20, 211bs; £10,281bs. Bt.'lb. J. Brown's br g Jack Sprat, 6 yrs (£20) - ... 7 12 — Leirsch's b g Prince, aged (£20)... 7 12 J. Coogan's ch g Gamecock (late Little Dick), 6 yrs (£10) ... 7 5 D, O'Toole's ch g Novice, aged (£10) 7 W. Moody's"!) or br g Irishman, aged (£10) — 1 5 W. Winch's br g Caprimnngus, 4 yrs (£20) — 7 4 R. Power's b f by Kingston, 2 yrs (not to he sold) ... 5 4 THE GEELONG HANDICAP, (To start at a quarter-past Three o'Clock.) Of 150 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each added. One mile and a half. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. ont of the stakes St. lb. J. Watfs br m Lnrline, 5 yrs ... 8 7 A. Chirnside's b g Haricot, 4 yrs ... 8 4 J. Arthur's b h Calaba, 5 yrs ... 7 10 J. Arthur's b h Wollomai, 5 yrs ... 7 9 W. Winch's ch m Atalanta, 4 yrs ... 7 5 J. Watts' ch m Calumny, 5 yrs ... 7 5 J. R. CoweU's b g Valentine. 5 yrs... 7 5 J. Coldbam's b c Light o' Day, 3 yrs 6. 10 HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of 125 sovs., with a sweepstake of 5 sovs. added. About three miles, over such fences, etc. st. lb E, Gcm^b'g b g P»&«V «ged }1 P J. Brown's gr g Robin ... 10 10 M. Lougblin's ch g Honsense ... 9 10 T. Walker's br g Ararat, aged ... 9 6 S. Harding's b g Saxon, aged ... 9 4 J. Robertson's ch g Cororooke, 5 yrs 8 10 II. Early's Hero ... 8 7 THE BAEWON PLATE, (To start at a quarter to five o'clock), A selling race of 75 sovs., with a sweep of 3 sovs. from starters. One mile. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for 100 sovs. If entered not to be sold to carry 71bs extra; £90 allowed 71bB; £80,141b; £70, 211bs; £60, 281b. st. lb. A. Chirnside's br g Fearnought, 5 yTS (£90) ... 8 9 J. Arthur's b c Polidori, 8 yrs (not to be sold) ... 8 4 W. Winch's ch m Atalanta, 4 yrs (£70) ... 7 4 S. Harding's g Little Hick, aged (£60) ... 7 3 — Weeke's b g Poodle, aged (£60)... 7 3 J. R. Cowell's b g Valentine, aged (£60) ... 7 3 J. Steven's b g Cyclops, aged (£60) 7 3 J. O. Inglis' g m Lena. 4 yrs (£60)... 6 11 R. Power's b f by. Kingston, 2 yrs (not to be sold) T* ... 5 7 