THE LAW AND THE LADY: OR THE SCOTCH VERDICT. By Wilkie CoLtiKS. Published by special arrangement with the Author.] PART II.—PARADISE REGAINED. Chapter XXIY.—First View. "We had dawdled over our luncheon, before Mrs. Macallan arrived at Benja min's cottage. The ensuing conversation between the old lady and myself (of which I have only presented a brief ab stract) lasted until quite late in the after noon. The sun was setting in heavy clouds when we got into the carriage and the autumn twilight began to fall round us while we were still on the road. The direction in which we drove took us (as well as I could judge) towards the great northern suburb of London. For more than an hour; the carriage threaded its way through a dingy brick labyrinth of streets, growing smaller and smaller, and dirtier and dirtier, the farther we went. Emerging from the labyrinth, I noticed in the gathering darkness dreary patches of waste ground, which, seemed to be neither town nor country. Crossing these, we passed some forlorn outlying groups of houses with dim little scattered shops among them, looking like lost country villages wander ing on the way to London; disfigured and smoke-dried already by their jour ney. Darker and darker, drearier and drearier the prospect grew—until the carriage stopped at last, and Mrs. Mac allan announced, in her sharply- satirical way, that we had reached the end of our journey. " Prince Dexter's Palace, my dear," she said, " What do you think of it?" , d,°°bed round me—not knowing what ™1Dt ltj iE tIle truth raust be told. We had got out of the carriage, and we were standing on a rough half-made gravel path. Eight and left of me, in the aim light, I saw the half-completed foun dations of new houses in their first sta^e of existence. Boards and bricks were scattered about us. At places, gaunt scaffolding-poles rose liks the branchless trees of the brick desert. Behind us, 011 the other side of the high road, stretched another plot of waste ground, as yet not built on. Over the surface of this second deserfc, the ghostly white figures of vag rant ducks gleamed at intervals in the mystic light. In front of us, at" a dis tance of two hundred yards or so, as well as I could calculate, rose a black mass, which gradually resolved itself, as my eyes became accustomed to the twilight into a long, low, and ancient house, with a hedge of evergreens and a pitch-black paling m front of it. The footman led the way towards the paling, through the boards and the bricks, the oyster-shells and the broken crockery, that strewed the ground. And this was " Prince Dexter's Balace!" \- There was a gate in the pitch-black paling, and a bell handle—discovered with great difficulty. Pulling afc t]le handle, the footmen set in motion, to judge by the sound produced, a bell of prodigious size, fitter for a church than a house. .While we were waiting for admission, Macallan pointed to the low dark line of the old building. ' •'j ^f5m,Es one oE bis madnesses ! " she •W ? speculators in this new neighborhood have offered him I don't irnow how many thousand pounds for the ground that house stands on. It was originally the manor house of the dis trict. Dexter purchased it, many years since, in one of his freaks of fancy. He has no old family associations with the place The walls are all but tumbling' about his ears; and the money offered would really be of use to him. But no J Be refused the proposal of the enter prising speculators, by letter, in these w(.0™s:. My ho use is a standing monument of the picturesque and heautiful, amid the mean, dishonest, and grovelling construc tions of a mean, dishonest, and grovelling age. Ikeepmyhouse,gentlemen, asauseful lesson to you. Book at it,, while you are building round me—and blush, if you can for your own work/ Was there ever such an absurd letter written yet ? Hush ' I hear footsteps in the garden. Here comes his cousin. His cousin is a woman I may as well tell you that, or you might mistake her for a man in the dark." A rough deep voice, which I should certainly never have supposed to be the voice of a woman, hailed us from the inner side of the palinm " Who's there ?" 0 in "^r3' Macallan," answered my mother c What, do you want ?" " We want to see Dexter." "You can't see him," " Why not V " What did you say your name was ?" M Macallan. Mrs; Macallan. Eustace Macallan s mother. Wow do you under stana / Tbevoice muttered and grunted behind of the gate' & turned in the lock <,^A/minito.th.enrden. in the deep shadow of the shrubs, I could see nothing distinctly of the woman with the rough* voice, except that she wore a man's hat. Closing the gate behind us, without a word of welcome or explanation, she led the way to the house. Mrs. Macallan followed her easily, knowing the place: and I walked m Mrs. Macallan's foot steps as closely as I could. " This is a nice family ''my mother-in-law whispered to me. _ , Dexter a cousin is the onlv woman m the house-and Dexter's cousin is an idiot." We entered a spacious hall, with a low ceiling—dimly lit at its farther end by one small oil lamp. I oould see that there were pictures on the grim brown i walls—but the subjects .represented were I E obscure and shadowy1 Mrs_ Macallan addressed herself to the ! speechless cousin with the man's hat. Now tell me," she said. " Whv can't we see Dexter ?" y uTS t°°kJ a, sheet of paper off ^ Mn- ' "The Master's writing!" said this strange creature, in a hoarse whisper, as I ff the bare idea of - "the Master" terrified you Pla„$ A!rf sl*!•or «0' She opened ail invisible side-door in the wall, masked by one of the pictures— disappeared through it, like a ghost—and left us together alone in the hall. Mrs. Macallan approached the oil lamp, and looked by its light at the sheet of paper •which the woman had given to her, I followed, and peeped over her shoulder, without ceremonjr. The paper exhibited written characters, traced in a wonder fully large and firm handwriting. Had I caught the infection of madness in the air of the house ? Or did I really see before me these words ? "Notice.—My immense imagination is at work. Yisions of heroes unroll themselves before me. I re-animate in myself the spirits of the departed. great. My brains are boiling, in my head. Any person who disturbs me, under existing circumstances, will do it at the peril of their lives.—Dexter! " Mrs. Macallan looked round at me quietly with her sardonic smile. " Do you still persist in wanting to be introduced to him ?" she asked. The mockery in the tone of the ques tion roused my pride. I determined that I would not be the first to give way. " Not if I am putting you in peril of your life, ma'am," I answered, pertly enough, pointing to the paper in her hand. My mother-in-law returned to the hall table, and put the paper back on it, with out condescending to reply. She then led the way to an arched recess on our right-hand, beyond which I' dimly dis cerned a broad flight of oaken stairs. "Follow me," said Mrs. Macallan, mounting the stairs in the dark. "I know where to find him." We groped our way up the stairs to the first landing. , The next flight of steps, turning in the reverse direction, was faintly illuminated, like the hall below, by one oil lamp, placed in some invisible position above us. Ascending the second flight of stairs, and crossing a short corridor, we discovered the lamp, through the open door of a quaintly-shaped circular room, burning on the mantel piece. Its light iluminated a strip of thick tapestry, hanging loose from the ceiling to the floor, on the wall opposite to the door by which we had entered. Mrs. Macallan drew aside the strip of tapestry, and, signing to me to follow her, passed behind it. " Listen !" she whispered. Standing on the inner side of the tapestry, I found myself in a dark recess or psssage, at the end of which a ray of light from the lamp showed me a closed door. I listened, and heard, on the other side of the door, a shouting voice, accom panied by an extraordinary rumbliug and whistling sound travelling backwards and | forwards, as well as I could judge, over, a great space. Now the rumbling and the whistling would reach their climax of loudness, and would overcome the re sonant notes of the shouting voice. Then, again, those louder sounds gradually retreated into distance, and the shouting voice made itself heard as the more audible sound of the two. The door must have been of prodigious solidity. Listen as intently as I might, I failed to catch the articular words (if any) which the voice was pronouncing, and I was equally at a loss to jienetrate the cause which produced the rumbling and whist ling sounds. " What can possibly be going on," I whispered to Mrs. Macallan, ".on the other side of that door ?" "Step softly," my mother-in-law answered, " and come and see." She arranged the tapestry behind us, so as completely to shut out the light in the circular room. Then, noiselessly turning the handle, she opened the heavy door. We kept ourselves concealed in the shadow of the recess, and 'looked through the open doorway. „ ° , I saw (or fancied X saw, in the obscu rity) a long room, with a low ceiling. The dying gleam of an ill-kept fire formed the only light by which 1 could judge of objects and distances. Eedly illumina ting the central portion of the room oppo site to which we were standing, the fire light left the extremities shadowed in almost total darkness. I had barely time to notice this _ before I heard the rumbling and whistling soquds approach ing me. A high chair on wheels moved by, through the field of red light, carry ing a shadowy figure with floating hair and arms furiously raised and lowered working the machinery that propelled the chair at .its utmost rate of speed. " X am Napoleon, at the sunrise of Austerlitz !" shouted the man in the chair as he swept past me, on his rumbling and whistling wheels, in the red glow of the firelight. I give the word, and thrones rock, and kings fall, and nations tremble, and men by tens of thousands fight and bleed and die J" The chair rushed out of sight, and the shouting man became in it another hero. " I am Nelson !" the ring ing voice cried now. _ " I am leading the. fleet at Trafalgar. I issue my commands prophetically conscious of victory and death. I see my own apotheosis— public ^ funeral, my nation's tears, my burial in the glorious church. The ages remember me, and the poets sing my praise in immortal verse !" The strident wheels turned at the far end of the room, and came back. The fantastic and frightful ap parition, man and machinery blended in 0?e~tIie new centanr, half man, half chair flew by me again in the dyin* -.igbfc. " I am Shakspeare !" cried the frantic creature now. "I am writing Lear, the tragedy of tragedies Ancients ■ and moderns, I an* the poet who towers over them all Light I light! the lines flow out like lava from the eruption of my volcanje mind. Light) light! for the poet of all time to write the words that live for ever! " ffe groaned and tore his way back towards the middle of the room As he approached the fire-place, a last morsel of unburnt coal (or wood) burst into momentary flame, and showed the open doorway In that moment, he saw t! i 1 i wheel-chair stopped with a shock that shook the crazy old door of the room, altered its course, and flew at us with the rush of a wild animal. We drew back, just In time to escape it, against the wall of the recess. Tfte ohair passed on, and burst aside the hanging tapestry. The light of'tfle lamp in the circular room poured in through the gap. The creature.' in the chair checked his furious "wheels, and looked hack over his shoulder with an impish curiosity horrible to see. "Have I run over them 2 Have I ground them to powder for presuming to intrude on me ?" he said to himself. As the expression of this amiable doubt passed his lips, his eyes lighted on us. His mind instantly veered.back again to Shakespeare and King Lear.; " Goneril and Regan !" he cried. " My two un natural daughters, my she-devil children come to mock at me !" ,, " Nothing of the sort;" said my mother in-law, as quietly as if she was addressing a perfectly reasonable being. " I am your old friend, Mrs. Macallan ; and I have brought Eustace Macallan's second wife to see you.". _ •The instant she pronounced those last words, " Eustace Macallan's second wife," the man in the chair sprang out of it with a shrill cry of horroy, as if she had shot him. For one moment we saw ahead and body in the air, absolutely deprived of the lower limbs. The moment after, the terrible creature touched the floor as lightly as a monkey, on his hands. The grotesque horror of the scene cul minated in his hopping away, on his hands, at a prodigious speed, until he reached the fireplace in the long room. There, he crouched over the dying embers, shuddering and shivering, and muttering, " Oh, pity me, pity me ! " dozens and dozens of times over to liiin solf. This was tli6 man whose advice I had come to ask—whose assistance I had confidently counted 011, in my hour of need. (To be continued.) 