HOW MAEK TWAIN WAS SOLD IN KEWAHK. " It is seldom pleasant," writes Mark Twain, " to tell on oneself, but sometimes it . is a sort of relief to'a man to make a sad confession. .1 .wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because' I long to bring, censure upon another man than because I desire; to pour balm upon my woimdcd heart. (I don't know what balm is—but I believe it is the correct ex pression to use in this connection—never haying seen1 any . balm.) You may re member that f lectured in Newark lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayonian Society. I did, at any rate. During the afternoon of that ; day I was walking '■with ; one of the ; youngi gentlemen just referred 'to,- •• and he said he luvd iui uncle who, .from some.cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all 'emotion". And with tears in his . eyes, this r young" man said, Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more ! Oh, if I could only see him weep !' I was. touched ; I could never withstand distress: I said, ' Bring liirir to my lec-, ture; Fll start him for you.' ' Oh, if I could but do it! Oh, if you could but do it, all. our family would bless you for ever more, for he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you. make him laugh 1 Can" yon bring soothing tears to those parchcd; orbs ?' I .was profoundly irioved. I:said, '.My.son, bring: itlie old; party round. 1 have got some jokes in that lecture that will make bun laugh, if there is any laugh in him, sand. if they miss fire, T have got spine others.;that;will make, hini cry or kill him, one or the other.' Then: the yoiuig -map ,bles.sed me,' and wept'on -my. heck, and- blew his -nose on. hiy -coat-tail,, and went after Ids uncle. He placed him . in full view in. the .second row of benches dhat night,'; and I began- on him. I tried-him with mild; jokes,: then' with severe ones.; 'i dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired oldstale jokes "iatohim, and pressed "him fore and aft ■with red-hot ones ; I-wanned up to my work,- and assaulted'him right and left, in front and.behind ;'I ftuncd'and sweated, .and'charged and routed, till. I: was hoarse and sick, and frantic1, and furious; ""but I never, moved liimbnce-^I never started h 'smile : or tear!;' Never a' ghost "of a smile, and never a suspicion .of moisture! I was astounded.. I closed' the lecture at bust,, witli one de spairing shriek—with ■ one wild, burst of. humor, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The president of the society, came up. and bathed my. head with cold water, and said, ' "What made you, cany on so towards the last V I. said I was trying to make that con founded old fool laugh, in the second row, and ; he said, 'Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger !'. Now, wras that any way for that old man's nephew to, im pose on a stranger" and. orphan like, mp '• I simply ask you, as a man arid a brother, If that wps any. w;ay for him to do '?"• 