MISS ANGEL. By Miss Thackeray. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter III.—Goxdolis. The boat rocked backwards and for wards to the gondolier's circling oar, the shadows danced a delicious contredanse. Splash gentle oar, rise domes and spires upon the vault, sing voices calling along the water, stream golden suns reflected there ! The gondola flies down a noisy side street towards an open place where the canals diverge ; the shadows part, and fire is streaming from the tumultuous ripples. Aheu! cry the gondoliers; for a moment all is swinging confusion ; then the flashing boats and the heavy-laden barges make way before His Excellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Her Excellency the English Ambassa dress leans back among her cushions, looking out languidly; the lights flash from the upper windows of the tall palaces, balconies start over head marked upon the sky. Now it is a palace to let, with wooden shutters swinging in shadow; now they pass the yawning vaults of great warehouses piled with saffron and crim son dyes, where barges are moored and workmen straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks up ; they are passing the great brown wall of some garden terrace ; a garland has crept over the brick, and droops almost to the water; one little spray encircles a rusty ring hang ing there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over' the wall—a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain un powdered hair, a ■ mourning dress. He bows low from his terrace walk, looking with a grave unmoved face The Ambassadress smiles and kisses her pretty loosely-gloved fingers. " 1Mb is a new friend of my Lord's," she says, smiling to her companion, who looks up in turn at the head against the sky. Angelica wonders where she has seen that dark head before; then she remem bers that it was in the gallery scarce an hour ago. She is a little shy, but quite composed as she leans lightly back in her place by the great lady ; her stuff dress looks somewhat out of keeping with the splendid equipage, where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver damask, and the very awnings are of soft flame-colored silk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress's orders, in place of the black hood which oppressed her, f°r she loves light and air and liberty. Now2Stlfey touch the palace walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through an old archway ; here are boats and voices, the gondolier's earrings twinkle in the sun, here are vine wreaths, and steps where children, those untiring spectators of life, are clustering ; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go by. A little brown-faced boy i3 lying with his brown legs in the sun on the very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water ; he lazily raises his head to look, and falls back again. Now a black. boat passes like a ghost, it's slender "points start upwards in a line with the curve of yonder spire. Now it is, out of all this swing of shadow and confusion, they cross a broad sweet breadth, of sunlight,. and come into the Grand Canal. A handsome young couple are gliding by, and look up in admiration of the beautiful lady. Beautiful in glistening grey and falling lace, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond aigrette shining in her powdered hair—dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple are dazzled, that the dark-faced man looks out from the terrace wall, that the girl sitting by the lady's side is bewitched by all that grace, beauty,: and kindness. It comes as a revelation to her, and seems to illu minate all the beauty of this new world in which she finds herself for the first time, awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by some loving revelation of the eyes and the imagination. The Ambassadress made Angelica answer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly charming in her manner, full of interest and kindness, but her questions were almost more than Angelica cared to answer. She told herself that with one so kind, so beautiful, she need have no reserve, and yet people found it difficult at times to be quite natural and unre served with this great lady. By degrees, as the conversation went on, Bhe had felt some curious, anxious, rest less influence upon her nerves. She could hardly define it, nor why she was at once more and more charmed and agitated ; but she was not the first who had ex perienced this curious impression. "Was that her father, and was that young man a relation ?" " Had she a mother ?" the great lady had asked. " Thave a dead mother," said Angelica, with a very sweet expression; " her name was Oleope Lucien. We used to live at Ooire, by the side of the stream ; her bedroom, window hung over the water, and she used to hold my hand and let me lean out as far as possible. We were very poor,"though, and my father could not get on ; he found work at Morbegno, and we all went away. I cried when I left my home and the terrace-garden, and my mother wiped my tears with her apron, and kissed my hands. She used to teach me, and keep me with her always. I never left her till she left me —that was nearly five-years ago," said Angelica very softly. ' "She was very beautiful; I have never seen anyone like her. To-day, when you spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had something of her." y' " Who is your dark friend ?" said Lady W., who had lost the thread for a mo ment. "Are you engaged to'Be mar ried!" • Angelica shook her head. ' "I am married to my brush," she said gaily; "I want no other husband. Before I came here I sometimes thought there might be other things in life ; but when I saw these glorious works, which seem to me to surpass even the Caraccis in mag nificent compositions, I feel that it is as much as my poor soul can grasp." She pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, and looked up—an. eager young spirit longing to take flight—over-trained, over-stimulated by praise—by a sense of enthusiastic responsibility, perhaps, but full of hope, of courage, of trust in the future. In some mysterious way she imagined at times that Raphael and Titian, and her beloved Oaracci and Oaravaggio, were all waiting in some painter's Paradise anxiously expecting to see her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her art, some sort of light would come into her face. Such enthusiasm is often something in itself—an inspiration not to be despised; but it does not create the gifts that should belong to it by rights. When Angelica talked of art, she was a little conscious, perhaps; but it was a sweet, artless consciousness, and from her very heart she loved her work. "It was like a new soul in my soul," she said with her sweet voice, " when I came here first and learned to know them all. Before, that, I sometimes imagined . . . ." Angelica laughed. " Girls have their fancies," she said. " And have you no fancies 1" said her patroness, very seriously. " Mine is a cold heart, I fear, said the girl; "I have to earn money for our home, and to take care of my father in my mother's place. My interests are too great to leave place in my heart for love." " But could you imagine love without interest?" said the Ambassadress, very quickly. "Surely, interest is the very soul of love." " Then my love is for Titian, for the great Veronee, for Tintoret," cried An gelica, flushing and excited. " These are the altars at which I now worship," she said, pointing to the Doge's Palace they were now approaching. "And so these pictures cured you of all other love?" said the Ambassadress, _ looking at Angelica curiously, with her" great lady expression; as she spoke, they were sliding by the Leoni of St. Marc, and the Ambassadress suddenly called to her gondolier to stop. Then, with a charming sudden change of manner, she said, "Now you must be my leader, and I will be your pupil; take me to see your pictures." Angelica was not surprised. It seemed to her a very natural impulse. She did not know that a whole household was waiting while they deliberately walked from room to room in noble company. Gods and heroes, allegories in'white satin, Venice ruling the world; all the pomp, all the splendor of life, is there; and then they come to a vast room full of present, past, and future. A cicerone is explaining a fresco on the wall. " This picture represents the entire human race and the kingdom of heaven," he says ; " Tintoret painted it when he was seventy-five years of——" " Don't listen to him," said Angelica, " and you will not care for this. Come with me." And the two figures pass on. At first this paradise of Tintoret is so strange that no wonder. the lovely'world outside the' beautiful courtyard, the flying birds, and drifting Venetians, the . great golden September,' seem-, more heavenly to those who are.basking in its sweetness.. But there are those, who1 by degrees, with pain and some self-denial, climb in spirit to the strange crowded place towards which old Tintoret's mighty soul was bent. He has painted surprise and rapture in the face of a soul which is just coming out into this great vortex. It is circling in sudden pools and gleams of peace. Mary Mother above, turning to her Son, with outstretched arms, and pointing to them all with tender mother hood. In the. great eventful turmoil a man sits absorbed in a book, reading' un moved. Angels, /with noble wings, take stately flights, cross and recross the . darkened canvas. A far-away procession .* passes in radiance. Tintoretto's power is that of a Goethe or a Shakspeare ; he paints what he sees —what is now and ever shall be while . this world exists. Would you have other revelations of this mighty mind, let us follow Angelica A and her pupil into a side room, where by a window-that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well charm them by its/, tender dawn-like grace. Ariadne holds out her languid hand. Bacchus rises from the sea. Half a .floating .dream, • lialf a vision: almost here, almost there upon the wall. The picture seemed to float into their very hearts. Peace saw the horizon, while the wonderful tale of love was told anew. Bacchus beseeching Ariadne—tender, passionless, pitiful. Pity was there, somehow painted upon ' the harmony and the silence. They neither of them moved nor spoke. The elder lady stood absorbed, and her thoughts travelled away, far, far from the . pictures, while Angelica,, with- her., constraining blue eyes, looked at her.fop- 4 sympathy and for kindred expediences. i " This must be love—the very, spirit p£ 4 true feeling and sentiipent," cried the ? girl.- . .. . • '•] " Do you think so l" said Lady W." I. j do not think she loves-him muGh ; she in still .thinking of Theseus.— " But sentiment is, whether people feel it or not," said Angelica. As she spoke, a great clock began to strike, and some -. birds whirred past the window, casting their shadows across the picture. "My dear child," said the Ambassa dress, suddenly becoming a grand lady again; "we must not waste any more time upon sentiment. Come, let us go back to the gondola." As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with his color-box under his arm; he would have passed them without a word, but Angelica smiled and kissed her hand. When they reached the gon dola, the Ambassadress sank down with a" sigh.; - "There is that gentleman again," said-* Angelica looking back. The mysterious1] Btranger was just stepping Into his gon- /. dola from the steps of the Piazza. Had . 4 he been in the palace ; she had not seen • him there. (2V> he continued.) 