CAPTAIN ONSLOW AT CAMDEN. If we , add Captain Onslow-itq.rthedistof? our Parliamentary objectors to the League, we give what majT be called the repre sentative of the, would-be aristocrats amongst v. us. This r. Retired navy ' officer considers himself - as " above ' the vulgar people on all questions; He takes a higher stand-point. Moreover he has a great contempt for what are 'called \" bigots \ that is.', Protestant bigdts." He.- sees no harm iir being on good terms with' such "Papist bigots " as Father Dillon and Dr. Vaughan. \\.In fact, lie rather likes both these bigots, 'especially the latter, because it is. supposed that. -lie belongs to an ancient family ; and Captain Onslow's own family dates as far back as the Noachian flood, .and it. is'; thought that, it maybe traced even to the outside of. Eden ! Well, as this gentleman actually had special intercourse with Dr. .Vaughan when his " Grace " was up confirming children at Camden by , giving them ; 1,1 the. Holy- Ghost," we were anxious to see what he could say from, the very ' fountain of Apostolic authority, on the Education question. " Now this' 'Hermes' of tins upper classes is as barren of sense and argument, as the most ignorant candidate frojn the' lower orders, who promised to do -'every-: thing the churclr might ask him to do; arid a great deal more ! > r.,; ; What then is the reasoning of 'Mr. Onslow? Hear him : said he, "If we are to have free education' lie did niifc see why .we. should mot have everything else free !", This is "good logic, of course' . As Captaip. Onslow . gets a free? railway ticket because he;isj| a member of the House, therefore lie should 'get his Camden cottage, vineyard, and servants for aothing M5:0 ' k. surely as much sense in the one as in theoher; or, in other words his objection is absmd, and proves that < although he says that lie has "studied the / subject,"- he has either ne>ar studied it at- rail, or he'is incapable of studjino-it Again, Mr. Onslow maihfedns < that every 'man was as " bound to eduu.be his child as to feed and clothe him." ' VW well ; why does Captain Onslow not insist \ upon this ? but if he were to do so he \ would;' utterly destroy the Public Schools, Act. i which he pretends, to admire, and j .promises to "maintain ! Mr." 'Onslow ought / to know that the State pays two-thirds of the cost of every child's education : who attends the Public schools ; yet this gentle man pretends to uphold the Public Schools Act by laying down this self-contradictory principle that "every parent is bound to pay for liis children's education, as much as to feed and clothe him !" Again, Mr. Onslow objects to compul sory because in that case the children of the rich will be compelled to sit with the children ot the poor ! No doubt, to such an aristocrat as Captain Onslow this is a- great hardship and solid objection. But we answer, " not at all the compulsory will never compel the rich to mingle with the poor; for the rich, unless they are niggardly and mean like many of our patriots, do not need to send their children to such Public schools at all, if they are afraid of contact with vulgar folk. He speaks of the commonalty thus — " Many parents think their brats particularly clever." This is doubtless a very great grievance. If Captain Onslow's "'son," well fed, well clothed, and driven in a buggy to school, were a dunce ; and the " brat " of some working man, sitting next him, were to be clever enough to answer in the lessons better, how could the Captain's son ever survive the disgrace ? and Fow could the Captain himself ever drink any more wine after such a destruction to his culti vated taste? Besides the Captain has a decided objection to the girls of the Female Industrial school learning writing, because he has found that they like to, I < < ni so as to "write love letters!" Tlv truth is Captain Onslow would like a return of the good old times when the ' brats " of working people were useful for weeding, and when the working people themselves did not know the. right side of a book. Then aristocrats were safe from the in trusion of the vulgar ; but those times are for ever past, and the League will yet- secure the impossibility of their ever fe-r turning. 