THE SKETCHER. THE TRUE 8T0KT OF FISHER'S GHOST.* Br Mabcus Clabkb. Those ladies and gentlemen who stimulate themselves by a behef in Apparitions of the Bpirite of deceased human beings have aevetal "well-authenticated " ghost stories, which they are accustomed to cite as crashing evidence against the incredulous. In the last century the narratives of the "Apparition of Mrs. Veal, and the Death of Lord Lyttleton," ' were triumphantly brandished in the faces of sceptics. Indeed, until the discovery of Defoe's interest in the publication of Delin court spoiled one of the prettiest bits of evidenoe imaginable, and the inquisitive con tributors to Motes and Queries sent poor Lord Lyttleton nnadmonished into his grave, the present generation had been accustomed to regard both fabrications with something like veneration. . lire Story of Fisher's ghost may be held to have taken the place of the Vealcwm Lyttleton matter. It is a tale so suited to the so practically im practicable—if I may be aL lowedtheterm—thatourgenerationswallowed it at once. A ghost who clanks chains, who shows mysterious treasure, who bewails loss pf honour, or burns to make restitution of stolen property, would be laughed to scorn by a business age. But.a real business ghost, a ghost who wears blucher boots, sits en a rail, and was an expiree convict, appeals toone'sconsdenceatonce. Whenitisadded that the ghost, in some way, gave evidence in a court of law, and was the means of hanging the gentleman who was bo foolish as to murder the fleshly part of him, we cease to wonder at the unbounded belief in the "mys terious workings of Providence," which the narrative induces. Since the year 1836, when the Btoiy was first published in Tegg's Maga zine, "Fisher's Ghost" has been an unex plained phenomenon, whose habitat is Sydney. Mr. John Lang presented him to the British public in Household Ward*, aid iri the year 1876 the persona «-*»W themselves spiritualists cry, " But what about fisher's ghost? My lather was alive at the time 1 I've seen the rail! There was a trial about it 1 The murderer was hanged 1" Thus suggesting that the fact of the apparition was proved by the severe test of a court of law. Now, speaking of the matter the other day to n friend, he said, "I can show you the original papers of the trial, containing the evidence of the witnesses, the arguments of the barristers, and tbe summing up of the judge." 1 saw these papers, and lo! what is theieeoU? There is no more evidenoe that anybody saw Fisher's ghost than there is that anybody saw the ghost of Hamlet's aunt! The crime was detected by the common and customary process—suspicion, and consequent inquiry ; while the sospi cions, instead -of being excited by a ghosts WBrgexcited^by thatmoat mundane of objects; JDBt os take Tegjfe Magazine for March, 1836, and Botany Say, by John Lang, pnb , wm85?' ^ "» the former— " F^tt'sGhost, aLagend of Campbeltown"— and in the latter, ' The Ghost upon the RaiL" Having got our fictions collated, we can then apply our facts as contained in The King °°°* JThe_ writer in Tegg's Magazine opens his narrative with a note concerning the "f&mi; tianty of the tale " to his readers, and while , "paving others to sojve the problem of the "TftJu ft® gbost/' contents himself tte stoiy as it had been told to hlm." He goes on to say that Fisher Was an emandpist fMmer in CampbeUtqwt>,wfao \ ban accumulated money, but tbroflgh died-1 pation had fallen into debt, That, befog j prMSeflfor money, he listened to the advioe : of pne Worral, who peisnaded him to make 1 an assignment of the farm, and thap Pu^ing dMtitntion.to obtain a release from his ore dibits. Fisher did so, and some days after wards disappeared. Worral told everr one thathis friend bad gonetoEnglandtftavoid i > producipg the deed of amigtament, "i-ii ft J1® Property. " Worral> oompfoWy «t \--- — --the eauee of^ishert ■—Jd,1 Sad he was allowed town tut-' ited posseesion of the property bnpto-' uog Fisher's conveyance." There were no r_T4dons of foul jflayjmd eveiythfoflwould, S®?"* 01111 'jAboot afoweeks after Fisher's disappear- j Wide, Mr. Farley, a farmer, was ptowedtotf homewards. It was about 10 o'clock at nlriit1 W11" j»tt<^ft11»<>wn ; the;moon flirt * risen, hut' her brilliance wrtobsdhred'ter' doads. s After he. had pasted the late**" depce ofFlaher, about from 600 to*^1 he pbserved the figure of ' a than the'top of the fence on the aam road asthe house.1 On ^nteohiui iui what eras hissurprim to recognto^istit features of Blsher, whomhehad, M.ring himself that he had notT" oahiedby afanbied reaemblahce, 1 \- pbaranoe'wbich the features pi i yiewon hla nearer approach i a chill i terror to Ms heart as bl motianieseto the spot .' The artd, rose ifrom tSafenBavaw « , pointed in;ibe direction of a ■- wh^ oroases the pafidc " atodf disappeased^radaMl «rt% v, .ttmwgiltl"v..j S3 o u Fariffy went thiongh the proper prooem mm™*®# senses, he sends for the neares gtatrate, ana relates nls "radon, trata employs a black tra and '' on rioelely ei&minL;^__« fence" where the fcboet had , "epoteof blood areatecoVBied, fellow gets onthetfail, and on i a pond thehystarider wHle he exclwnqjB, " White rush's nit; down here 1" He plunges his i r spear Into the water, and asm ''"White wannere-1" rThe-1 constables search, and the body of FUheris found. Worral ft'very naturally arrested, and, having beejn tried, confessed, that he murdered -PiBher ^tiihe very spot where the ghost was seen, and, tbipyrthe "body into the pond. jSofar Tepg'aomteibutor, Mr. John Lang—perhaps a more experienced writer of fiction—makes a far 'more dramatic story of the legend. He commences his narrative with the discussion of "two wealthy farmers," at a pdblio - house in Penrith. Ohe of the farmers is John Fisher (Frederick Fisher), and the other Edward Smith (George Worral) The plot as to the assignment of FlBhere property Is laid, - and the landlord duly informed by Worral that Fisher is about to depart for England, and that he (Worn!) will have the ma nagement of the farm daring that worthy's absence. Six weeks afterwards Fiaher disappears, and Worral enters into peace ful possession, the landlord having na turally no suspicions of foul play. By and bye—a year afterwards—Worral advertises the farm and stock for sale, pursuant to instructions received bom his principal'in England. Then comes the ghoet. "An old man named David Weir" (Farley) "is return tog home, .whan he sees seated on a rail the well-known form of Mr. Fiaher. It was very dark, bat the face and figure ware as plainly visible as possible." Mr. Lang goes on to. realise the story " The old man, who wse not drank, though be had been drinking at Dean's public-house, pulled up, and called out, 1 Holloa, Mr. Fisher 11 thought yon were at home ia Eng land? There was no reply, and the old man, who was .impatient to get noma as was his horse, looeea the reins and proceeded on his J° "™hfother/ eaid old Weir to his wife, while she was helping him off with his old top-coat, ' Ihave seen either Mr. Fiaher or his ghost' * Nonsense,' cried the old woman; 'you Could pot have seen Mr. Fisher, for he is in Old England; and as for spirits, you never see any without drinking them ; and you are full of 'em now.' " 'Do yon mean to say I'm drank, mother? "'No; but you have your liquor on hoard/ " ' Teg, but I can see and bear and under stand, and know what I am about,' * Well, then, have your supper and go tolled; and take my advice, and say nothing to anybody About this ghost, or you will only get laughed at for your pains. Ghosteases, indeed I at your aga to take on about such things; after sweating all your life you never believed in them.' ' "' But I teU you I saw him as plain as plain could be, juBt as we used to see him string sometimes when the day was warm, and he had been round looking at his fences to see that'they were all right/" The oM man sticks to bis story, and assert ing that "he never liked Smith" (Worral), determines to rive infonnationto the polioe. The following Wednesday the ghostseer is oh his way home from market He "had declined to take any refreshment though pressed to do so by several travellers who wanted to treat him," and during the whole day had been "remarkably abstemious." On the road ha picked up two men—one a newly appointed constable of the district—and when they arrive at the fatal rail all three, accord to My T-ung. see the ghost "Whentbey netted the spot where the old had seen the apparition, he walked the horse as slowly as possible, and again beheld the Scum of Mr. Fisher, seated on the upper roil of the fence, and in precisely the same attitude and the same drees. '"Look there!' Baid old David to the two mem -'What is that? ! r It' is a man,' they both replied,' but how : odd 1 It seems as if a light were through him.' . 1 " 'yes,' said old David, 'but look at him— ■ what man is it? •"It is Mr. Fisher,' they mid, simulta neously. " 'Hold the reins, one of you,' mid old David, ' I'll; go and speak to him. They say he is at home in England; but I don't believe it.' ' "Descending from the cart, the rid man; who was as brave as a lion, approaohed rite specie, and stood within a fev feet oftt, 'Speak!' he cried. - 'Don't you know me, Sir ? I am David Weir. Mow cune yon biy i that gash in your forehead? Are you alive or dead, Mr. Fisher? To these questions no answer was returned. The rid man then stretched forth. his hand, and placed ft on what appeared to be Mr. Fisher's shoulder, but it waa only empty air, vacant space, that the intended touch rested upon. "'There has been foul play,' said the old man, addressing the spectre, hot speaking sufficiently loud to be heard by-both men in ■ the cart: and, by Heaven, it shall foshronght to lightl Let me markihe spot/ < And with these words he broke off several boughs from ittrm asar the raff and ptooed tosmoppodts - fuitbenjhe took oat > hi*' idas^knKe and notched the very partecto which.the'i ,l)aAd( band oi the spectre rested. •' • ^ , •'Even after the rid man ashamed to tfis • cart the spparitiouofMr. Fisher, sxsodyM iwae in toeHeah, .mis 1 pelpabfa to tbe St'otall uueemep. They sat garing ri ft fall 1ft mtontaaapd then drove on to aw wonderment . ; i I - ak lGffbert).is hmugtit uptotbe **!£-■ mmtbe^idy ^JKMherl^A triaHiTbad, . nffceraowe mpfari wriring -concerning [ evidence agatoirtWoiral,aiid his dep - lete! flWfi* ♦)"* iff WWO". -thai story toldLby the -nontkUxxtb^td Jfftga≠, adding that. " the / ' ^snaninhbe whM toibdtewfc uroea-rweighedtheptobahUi-1 , , - ibebilities with thi grmtest j , • . • i rivovqou Jo:i fanoUoe, therefore, that—allowance being ' for the art of the atary4ellacM ■«pd the writer in Ttgg agree In assert-, 1 ,&■$ rise ito rim disohve., r. scrims :wur th* mppritobn£ti hginith'ecrlme was tb fI klHuTbri^an impartant itom ) _ IBOktii&t;***3*' Mr. Moore, the Acting Attorney-General, stated the case against the prisoner, who pleaded tu>t guilty, as followsFiaher waa iOOlOpR mot lecagBn^ti^ithi dlsapptarahoeho .. SfsglfW InrepTyfo qLBesrtid witness the mo thetitle de «xchb«sm hehadtoj fied that' property t! ana was as ton The next witness was the overseer, to Xs, Coon, the prisoner, on the 8thJc_, him a home for sale, which buy. becaose he believed and Worral coold not produce araMgry cmptforpeyraentofit. firodayeaftwawS Worral produoed a reoeipt purporting to J* Signed byftsher, bat Jhat^he ^onbted ^b signature.- Had suspicions thst tiieetorr5 Fisher's trip to England was aatnia to not mention his eneplcwme it» WweL ti did to some of the neighbours. HeadiehMd remarks from others, 'j ' Thomas Hammond said-helmawiWA». Womd Uved with ihim, Miiattll'iiett, i agent. Worral told witness tta&iMfoMcg; left the oolony to escape a charge of totntr that .to <Wonal) had;a power <rf &&£,• which he promised i te show, bat dMut! Shortly after thiB intnen saw li^.XWr whosaidimbelievedFieherhid.h^ln^ dered., Toid Wonal what Oobper had MM* and Worral tamed pale, seemed to (St bat the smile was affected.' . WflaeiitoM Worralthatif he knew anything about ffMu» be had better tell it, Wonal Said. "Heir on the water ; that'« all Iknow;" and sows da^afterwardsproduced'a Teoript attch purported to beargteher'Bname, bmwUhigg knew it was not Fisher's signature.' saw one of Worral'a servants wearing a evwtot ooat which he thought was Fisher's, and tar Wonal himself wear a pair of t»osettr«ikfc he believed to be Fiehefa. Fisher ft* t smaller man than Wonal, and it wte tks itneseof Lewis Solomons, wfih whom bad dealings, said that e'teoef " by Wonal was not in Frahefs 1 _ Samuel Hopkins, a freelabouier.i „ _ the last time be saw Fisher alive was onl 17 th Jane, at his own haute, where Wo also lived, Ftther went Wot Hit " never came bock. Itwas hb hsh_ oat and look roond the farm, wo return." Nathaniel Cole confirmed the eridenoeof Hopkins, and said that surprise .f ptewfedat Filler's abeeno* bat 'atri'l pptonfobt "i ' ; George Newland, constable at town, went with a black■" * bert to eearik fok'tmr.'t which a reward of £20 was offered, found graces of bloodonarail at thei**u« of a 'paddock. Gilbert went into* wttarhok near, took a cornstalk, which he passed ofer the surfaceof the waten pot It/to hknase and said, "1 ameUthe fat of a whit man." He led them farther hp the crock, and me sently pat a stick into rim, pound, cryag, " There's eomethmg here P. Dog, and fwad the body of a man. _ _.'Sad Woir., in gaol. . In all this not | Not one of the w«.~v-~-, r -- tod Farley—the man who, according to the oiritatives of He. Lsng an^ thectotoftto* top Magasmty gave information t evidenoe of his — ieceerity for the Detu ez .1^.^ anil in lid WAV s^bry no means mytteriras, and in M sails for the intbrvenrion of sapwam^r jowiars to make itpuln. Sum upuw en lenoe. and see what U meana-r-. L; Fisher. arlcthnum,saddenly« 2\. WornI, who lives with jhlm,i te h'ss gone to England, and ~— eU 'stotk. forWhich he mod trh^S fogged thatttiey&E;^ VtheclotiMa^om^y ^ormftb 1 WthSoiherf' ® - inn *" st pW searched, ^ fackm tow ^^tleied ^ t!tokxdik*M (btk%«4WHl«Wwe"rrrt± i Alsst/ris a melancholyoonfesaion, fa1;v.? to be feared that many of ofcr morti cJmsWJ* suneratitlonsmtappnnobetteroviawMWtBaB 1 that or ■JNahfertGbo* 