MAJOR MUDD'S MURDER. By Judge Clark. Old De Bruin was a leader of the stocko cracy—a " bear," moreover. He had faith in notliing but financial total de pravity. Like Captain Symmes, lie be lieved in the hollowness of the world— not only of this world, but all others, in cluding the next. He would have sold stock in the whole of them " short." The final bankruptcy of the universe was a cardinal article of his creed, and he didn't believe the assets would pay over fifty per cent. He liad a daughter, "Pet." The best that can be said of her is that she didn't take after her father; for Pet was a beauty, and didn't care a picayune whe ther Bosh Preferred went up or down. I met Pet at one of our fashionable sea sides, and, to cut a long story short, fell in love with her and told her so. She said neither "yes" nor " no" when I popped the question, but hung her pretty head and asked for time, as her father might have done in case, of the " bulls" having a temporary advantage in the market. I soon found that another was the real stumbling-block.. It always is Another, who, in spite of what the prayer-book says, is wickedly putting asunder those whom Heaven would join together. Another, in this instance, was a fat Broad-street broker, old enough to be Pet's father, and so like the latter that the two might have been cubs of the same litter. He was called Major Mudd, and to him, it seems, old De Bruin had, some time before, hypothecated his daughter. Pet had no great liking for the Major. What woman ever had for a man old enough to be her father—unless it was her father 1 I was near her own age, and —well—I'll not flatter myself. The vipshot of it was that Pet and I made up our minds to run away and get married—she confiding in paternal affec tion for final forgiveness, and I in the old gentleman's ultimate discovery that he couldn't help himself. Mr. De Bruin watched his daughter like a hawk. He evidently suspected something. How to carry out our plan became, from day to day, a more perplex ing question. The old fellow's eye was upon our outgoings and incomings. He woulcLtap at his daughter's door at the most unexpected seasons, under pretence of making this or that irrelevant enquiry. To evade his vigilance would have been like giving the slifc to Argus. A bright idea struck me. I had often amused myself and Pet by mimicking the Major. I could do his voice to a nicety, and having had some experience iuprivate theatricals, I felt sure that with a little stuffing and other making up 1 should be able to personate the old hippopotamus to perfection. The Major's arrival was expected daily, and when be came, Pet and T knew, that with two instead of one to watch us, the execution of our scheme would be ren dered doubly difficult. Accordingly we determined to bring matters to a crisis. It was given out that I was going away not to return—it being privately under stood that I was to come back the same evening, disguised as the Major ; deceive Pet's father as to my identity ; carry her off at midnight; marry her at the near est minister's ; and boldly risk the conse quences. j I took an ostentatious leave of Mr. De , Bruin, bowed a ceremonious,good-bye to his daughter, and took the next train for the city. That evening I presented myself to the hotel clerk, to whom I had paid my bill | in the morning, with all the dignity of padded portliness and the frosts of at least fifty winters silvering the locks of ' my wig. The clerk, who knew the Major well, saved me the commission of downright forgery by registering the name himself. I spent a dull evening with Mr, De Bruin. Pet left us early, doubtless to prepare for our midnight flitting, and the old gentleman tackled me in a discussion about " points" and " corners" that fairly made my head swim, and more than once drove me to the verge of committing my self through ignorance. Bedtime came at last, and I hastened to ray room, where I threw off my disguise, and resumed my usual apparel—my pur pose being to quit the house when all was quiet, meet Pet at the appointed rendez vous, and convey her in a carriage, en gaged to be in waiting, to the place at which the nuptial knot was to be tied. It is an unromantic fact to speak of this connection, but one which subsequent events make it necessary to mention, that the excitement I was labouring under caused my nose to bleed freely. I had barely succeeded in stanching it, when a glance at my watch apprised me that I had no time to spare. I opened my room door softly and stepped into the hall-way. " Ha !" exclaimed a voice. .m I turned quickly and found myself face to face with old De Bruin, who was evh deutly surprised to see me cpvjng" out of what he sujyxajflj ie Major's apart Ijmesl,. '"Tie didn't stop to parley, how ever, but passed in, carrying his chamber lamp in his hand. I had gone but a few steps when Mr. De Bruin rushed out, pale with alarm, and shouting— " Murder !" " Seize him !" he cried, pointing me out to those who came in answer to his call. " He has made away with the Major, who is nowhere to be seen, and the floor is covered with his blood." The haste with which I was seeking to beat a retreat added to the proofs against me, and I was caught and secured at once. Next morning I was arraigned before a local magistrate. I had but little to say. Of course I could enter into no explana tions without compromising Pet. I could only urge that the Major's body not hav ing been found, there was no sufficient evidence of his murder. The non-appear ance of the corpse, however, in the esti mation of the magisterial Dogberry, by augmenting the mystery, only added to the horror of the crime. Had I accounted for my presence in the Major's room at an unseasonable hour ? Had I explained my sudden return, after having taken final leave of the place in the morning I Had I cleared up the blood-stains on the carpet ? None of these had I attempted to do. Above all, the Major had been seen to enter his room. I had been seen to come out of it, and he had been seen no more. It was clear a foul murder had been committed, and who but I could be the guilty one ? I was fully committed to stand my trial for wilful murder, and was being led away by an officer, when Mr. De Bruin, who had attended as a witness, as the crowd passed the railway station which was near at hand, gave a sudden start. " Bless my soul!'* he exclaimed. "How are you 1" said a portly gentle man, advancing to extend his hand. The other drew back as he might have done from a ghost. " Wh—what 1—ain't you dead,Major?" Major Mudd, for the new-coiner was no other, warmly repelled the insinuation. Old De Bruin was completely mystified ; and it was not till the disguise I had worn had been discovered, and some other cir cumstances came to light, that the truth began to dawn upon liim. I was discharged, of course, and, on my way to take the next departing train, I saw Pet, on the Major's arm, promenad ing the verandah of the hotel. She made a mouth at me over her shoulder as I passed. No woman ever forgives a man for making her or himself ridiculous. Pet would have married me and made me a good wife, no doubt, but for the misad ventures of that night. As it was, she married the Maior. and I am still n bachelor. —'New York Ledger.' The ' Ballarat Courier' says that a fatal accident occurred in the Perseverance Co operative claim, Durham, to William Fowler, 25 years of age, and William Pryor, 18, both single men, being killed by the falling-in of the drive in which they were working- The drives are said to have been carefully timbered through out, and the sudden fall of earth is unac countable. Both bodies have been got out. Death must have been instantane ous. The manager, Mr. A. M'Lennan, was at the scene of the accident a few minutes after it occurred, and used every exertion for the recovery of the deceased, remaining until Pryor's corpse was taken out. An inqueBt was held by Dr. Sparl ing. The evidence went to show that the deceased were driving out a block of ground, when the roof, without any warning whatever, fell upon them. The body of Fowler was recovered twelve hours after the accident, Pryor five hours later. appears to be attached to 