MESSRS. MOODY AND. SANKEY IN ? :. LONDON. [From our Special Correspondent] The American Evangelists have been more than a week in the metropolis, and the excite ment which attended their first appearance has not subsided, thouch it is not extending as it did in some of the large provincial towns. The ?' mission,' which is intended to last four months, opened on Tuesday, 9th instant, with a night meeting at the Agricultural Hall, Islington —the largest building for public purposes in London— and one that has been frequently men tioned in your annual notices of the Christmas Cattle Sh-jw. This immense hall was fitted with seats from floor to roof, and the sitting room provided would have sufficed comfortably for titteen thousand people. But on the opening night a good many more than the maximum allowance squeezed themselves into the interior. There must have been well on to seventeen thousand present, but they were not as a rule of the class who stand in most urgent need of evargelizing. The prevailing type among them was what Mr. Moody himself classifies as the ' Christian worker.' The platform had been reserved for clergymen and members of Com mittee. All communions were amply repre sented ; but Nonconformists were not in the ascendant. Among the notable men were two Peers — the Earl of Cavan and Lord Radstock — themselves zealous revivalists. The House of Commons did not not seem to be in force— Mr. Samuel Morley and the Aberdeenshire member, Mr. McComb:e, being moat conspicuous on behalf of that branch of the. Legislature. Mr. Stephen Blackwood— a leader of tho cele brated Mildmay conferences and a distinguished official in the Civil Service— joined in the wel come of the two Americans. The audience as a whole was of the usual church-going, respect ably-religious order ; but this was to be ex pected at what was really a preliminary meeting. ' . ' THE FIBST SEBVICB AT ISLINGTON opened punctually to a minute . at the time announced— in fact, Messrs. Moody and Sanke-y ascended the platform a miuute or two before their time.. Some months ago you had an inte resting account from Mr. Lyall of one of their ser vices in the north of Scotland, in which he gave a sketch of the men and their antecedents. Mr. Moody, the preacher, is rather a big, burly man, with a black beard worn colonial fashion — he is cut-and-out American; but Mr. Sankey has a decidedly English appearance. Portraits of them tre no dcubt circulating in the colonies, as they are all over England, but the purchasers need uot flatter tbem&elvea; that they possess very striking likenesses. One of the pecu liarities of the Evangelists is to refuse to sit for their photographs. Over and over again they have refused handsome pecuniary offers for a sitting with copyright. Before coming here they were pestered with such offers from the leading West-End photographers, one of them accompanied with a suggestion ihat a cheque for £1,000 would not stand m the way of a friendly arrangement. In default of originals the artists, have had to take sketches at the meetings and ' make up' from them the professed photographs now in circu lation. They ate as a, rule very indifferent as counterfeit presentments of two remarkable faces. On ascending the platform Mr. Moody walked straight to his rostrum in tho centre of the platform, and leaning on the rail said quickly and without any preface, 'Let us rise and siog ' Praise God from whom ail blessings flow.' Lot us prate Him for what He is going to do in London. Let every one sing.' A pause of a few seconds followed while Mr. Sankey was adjusting himself at bis harmonium. The doxology, familiar as it must have been to nearly every soul in the great audience, was poured forth with a volume of harmony and energy almost inconceivable. At Mr. Moody's request one of the ministers present— Mr. Billing —prayed for God's blessing on ' all London' and the work he was about to do in it. '* Old Hundred' was given out next, and sung again by the whole congregation. Mr. Moody now commenced what might be called his introduc tion, though it was a very short one. i!ie said he had received letters and telegrams from nearly all the great cities in tha country, stating that Christians were that day praying for London. He asked the congregation to spend a few minutes in silent prayer for the same ebject, and then, falling on his knees, he poured out a fervent petition— ' Thou God of Pentecost, give us Thy Pentecostal blessing.' Mr. Sankey followed up this remarkable prayer with his solo, 'Jesus of Nazareth passeth by,' the effect of which rather fell short of what it is said to have produced elsewhere. It may be that the singer was suffering, as he certainly appeared to be, from fatigue, but at subsequent services the t drilling in fluence of the hymn has been fully apparent. The next thing on the programme was Mr. Moody's address, which had a slightly humorous prelude. A person in one of the galleries seemed to be rather excited, but his neighbours bore patiently with him under the supposition that the excite ment was legitimate and proper to the occa sion. Mr. Moody's experienced eye detected more of the truth. Stopping in bis pre liminary remarks he said that if persons would come there under the influence of in toxicating liquors they must be ejected. The congregation, he added, will sing a hymn while that man is being put out. Wken order was restored Mr. Moody proceeded to expound the t-xt, 1 Corinthians, i. 17, 'For Christ sent mo not te baptize, but to preach the GoapeL MR. MOODY-'S PBFACHDfO #as, of course, freely commented upon by the metropolitan Press, secular as well tm religious. The stcular verdict has, I am bound to «ay, been ?atbor more charitable and appreciative than tho other. A singular misunderstanding took place at the outset with some of the religious papers which had arranged to publi-h full reports of Mr. Moody 'a addrauea. On seeing the announcement* to this effect, Mr. Moody caused notices to be served upon them by a solicitor. The Cluistian World and a kindred journal were hurt at the prohibition, and did not fail to. remark that u waa an unprecedented policy for a popular preacher to adopt. Mr. MoDdy hai 3iLce shown a practical motive for his veto on reporting as an authorized version of the iddreEsea in being advertised. Up tb the pre -eut time only sketches and fragments have cee*n doled cut by the descriptive reporters, wlis of 'course selected only piquanciw.. The Daily Kncs seems to have been pretty successful In catching the spirit of the occasion. Criti cttiog his style, it says: --'It m*y be true that he Is extremely diffuse, that he is unconnected, rambling, and given to repetition ; that he 'squanders himself,' if the expression is allowable, so that he dilutes his climax often into an snti- climax. But he is full of pitch, and manifests great earnestness; he is continually saying quaint raey things, such as we are quite unaccustomed to hear from a pulpit, such as are often intensely grotesque, and not (infrequently raise an audible laugh. His manner of treat ment is not by argument, far less by rhetpric, but by dint of more or less appo^te illustrations. He works by the citation of instances, which he narrates in his own phraseology, and the ever recurring Americanisms have a naivete which to an English audience has a fresh and novel effect -T In enforcing the theme ' God's ways are not as man's ways,' he made a kind of- apology to the clergymen present for intruding' on their domain. 'Our message is the same as that of ; these ministers — and with us it is iu weakness too, for there's hundreds of men in London can preach1 better nor we can. What ' we want is to look right straight away from man right straight up to God.- If God is going to work in London He must work in His own way, aud all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain. God waiiis 10 thrash that mountain. Woll, He dim't take up an iron bar; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world He did not warn a nation or the world, but a single mau, whom the nations held in coatemptand jeered at.' . . . ' GOD'S WATS NOT AS MAN'S WAYS.' In illustrating Scripture history Mr. Moody invitee comparison with his English prototype, Mr. Spurgeon. He goes even further in his Quaintnees and familiar rendering of saored subjects. In a series of Old Testament portraits he made free with Me ses, Snoch, Samson, and the Archbishop of Canterbury in a manner which would not bear much repetition: — ' God's way of delivering the children of Israel was different altogether from wliat ours would have been. We'd have sent an army, oc if we'd been going to bend a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been 40 years at the backside ? of the desert. But He sent a quiet, humble kind of man, one -whom we'd call, 1 suppose, a stuttering man, and He said ' tell them I AM.' That was a blank cheque which he was to fill iu by -Mid -by with water from the rook and manna .in the desert. The man whom God works with moat is always considered by the world the greatest fool. Enoch wasn't a bright man to the 'world, but God said, 'Come up here, Enoch!' Noah was the laughingstock of his day. Look at Joshua going tramping the walls of Jericho blowing in horns— the most absurd thing in the eyes of the world— downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English Press have to say of such a crazy like proceeding? Fancy the Archbishop of Canterbury trapesing round London blowing herns ! He'd have had golden .horns any how. Look at Samson— how he worked with the jaw bone of an ass; he slew a thousaud men. Wo don't like to go to work ' with the jawbone of an ass ; we'd prefer polished weapons. But if we are to be in earnest we must grab up the first jawbone of an ass we chance on, and use it tor God. . , . Look at the seeming absurdity of s raven sent to feed the Prophet, aid then the Prophet sent for food, not to a palace with . well furnished tables, but to a poor widow, and she with a child.' Mr. Moody followed down his illustration to modern times, declaring that the devil got his match when he got hold of John Bunyan, the Bediord tinker, and that a Hundred such men as John Wesley would make the world tremble inside of a twelvemonth. After the address Mr. Sankey sang another of his hymns—' Hold the Fort' — the benediction was pronounced, and the 17,000 people Blowly tiled out of the building. '1 his is a fair type of the Agricultural Hall meetings, except that the attendance has hsrdy kept up to the original level. As a lule the end of the hall is crowded but the extra galleries are sometimes not wholly required. The audience, however, seldom falls under 12,000 or 14,000.* For the Westenders a midday meeting is hell in Exeter Hall, which is invariably crowded. Mr. Moody is not always present, but most of the services have been conducted by him. THK SUNDAY SERVICES at Islington are likely to prove the mo3t striking in the mission. Last Sunday there were three of them — one for Christen workers in the morning, commencing at 8 o'clock; a second in the after noon for women only; and a third at night for men only. The Christian workers mustered to the number of o^OOO, and were addressed by Mr. Moody from the text ' They that be wise shall sbine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.' Ihe burden of his counsel was that nothing should be done for Cbikt from a mere sense of duty. 'Some people work because they think it a duty; they go to Sunday-school, to prayer-meeting, because, as they say, it is their duty. He ( Jlr. Moody) had a mother in America whom he visited every 3 ear. Suppose he should say to her that he came because it was his duty. Would she not be likely to answer him that he need not came any more ? If he wore to send his wife a present biid say he did so because it was his duty to do so, she would say, 'Keep it; I don't want it.' Christians must rise to a much higher point than tbjs; they must remember that it is a glorious privilege to work for Christ.' The afternoon assembly numbered about 15,000; the rule to exclude males being rigour ..usly enforced, though to the disappointment of many ~who had travelled considerable distances to attend. There seems to have been more appeal to the feelings in this than in Mr. JMoody's usual discourses. It was interlarded with anecdotes of remarkable conversions and of instauces of human love, illustrating the freecess and fullness of tLe divine. The appli cation of his theme was a threefold appeal to (1) Professed Christians— too often stumbling blocks instead of helps; here and there one of them awake, but the great bulk of them gone sound asleep; (2) Backsliders, on whom he urged the yearning of Christ to receive them again; snd (3) The avowedly unconverted, .to whom especially he said there were three stages to ruin —neglect, refusiag, despairing- -a short way to the lost world. The close of the service showed how adapta tions are studied by the Evangelists. When he closed Mr. .Moody had been telling the 15,000 mothers and daughters before him how a father had once been convtrted by dreaming of a beautiful girl he hid lost, that he saw her beckoning to him from a beautixul land across a deep river. Almost abruptly he stopped and called for a moment or two of silent prayer. Presently, while all heads were bowed, the faint notes of the organ were heard, and soon Mr. Saukey was softly singing— . ' Come home, come home, ..... 7ou are weary at heart, For the way has been dark, And so lonely and wild; Oh prodigal child! - .: . Come koine, oh come home.-' The choir took up the refrain, ' Come home; come, oh, come home.' ' At 7 o'clock the third service opened with a congregation of seventeen thousand man, several thousand more having been drafted into one of the adjoining halls. On the platform there were a good many faces well known at St. Stephen's, Lord Cairns being conspicuous in front ; and near him sat the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird. Mr. Moody's address was a repetition of the after noon's, and the hymns Bung included 'Guide me, tkou OGreat Jehovah,' ' Tha Bweet hour of prayer,' and 'Jesus of Naza-eth paaseth by.' The bjmns are now household words ic London, and are on sale ia almost every street. {THE PRATER AUD ESQE1RY MEBTI5CS. On Sunday night a very impressive specticle was witnessed at the ' after meeting' following the evening service. Those who did not wisd to stay were allowed a short interval for leaving the ball, aud those who remained— about half the audience — collected tcgother in the area. A h}am was sung, after which ' Mr. Moody rose and said that enough had been said by man for 010 night; be therefore called upon all present to bow their heads in silent prayer, so that while man's voice was hnshed the voice of God j might he beard. There waa one prayer in which all rould join, ' Lord, what wilt thou have me to do.' When tha audience had assumed the reverent attitude required, Mr. Moody ©ailed upon those who desired theprayera of the meeting to rise to their feet and continue standing. In all parts cf the hall responses were m&de; to this appeal ofttimes repeated, and Mr. Moody' audibly thanked God for thus manifest ing His presenoe amongst them, and said that there was joy in heaven at the sight He then asked all who wished to become Christiana to go into tho concert hall adjoining, where he would meet them while the meeting continued in- silent prayer. Several hundreds then left their seats end adjourned to the enquiry -room, and as Mr, Moody left the platform, the hymn '' ' ' ' 'Twas love, 'twas wondrous love,1 was sung, during which a great numbor loft, while others stayed to pray for those who were in the enquiry-room.' ?? ;vi . ? ' ?'? , This week an additional service iu We after noon is being held, and a new rule has beeo adopted of admission by ticket. The Exeter Hall meetings continue as before. The requests for special prayer have been innumerable, and some of them, to see the least of it, are curious. Nothing has been- announced yet as to the arrangements for the East- End mission, which was part of tho scheme. Probably the Evange lists intend devoting tie first few weeks cnuiely to Islington, which, apart from the advautage'of the Hall, is a central position for th-m, and easily accessible from all parts of tho metronolu. 