TO WW TALK. The policy of the new Ministry will this evening he laid before the public of Victoria by the Hon- the Chief Secretary at the Mechanics' Institute, when those who wish to obtain sitting accommodation will do well to be early in attendance, .' The Mayor will take the chair pohctnally at half-past 7 o'clock, and it is understood several mem bers of the Ministry will—if they can pos 1 sibly spare the time, which is rather fully occupied just now—be present. Extensive accommodation will, as: already stated, be. provided for the, representatives of the Press, the metropolitan contingent of which will re turn to Melbourne by special train, which will leave Geelong at about 10 o'clock. It may be added that Mr Berry's nomination- paper has been signed by representatives of every class, and will be handed in to the Deputy Return ing Officer in due time. In announcing .that be is a candidate for the suffrages of - the electors of South Grant, the Hon. P. Lalor states he shall take an early opportunity of addressing them. It has been suggested the hon. gentleman should hold his meeting in Geelong on Satur day afternoon next, arid notify his intention to do so as early as possible. The official notification of the arrangements made by the returning officer for South Grant will also be found in our advertising columns. At a meeting of the Builders' and Con tractors' Association, held on the 11th inst., it was resolved, among other matters, that the hon. secretary write to the Hon. Graham Berry, reminding him of the promise he made npon the occasion of a deputation of the above body waiting upon him, that he would use his influence in getting an arbitration clause inserted in the Government condi tions of contract. This journal has always advocated the rights of contractors in that respect, and we have no doubt the hon. gentleman will give the subject due con sideration. An alarming accident occurred at the corner of Moorabool and K-yrie streets, just when' the streets were at their busiest on Saturday evening. Two girls were in the act of crossing the street, when a covered spring-waggon, driven by a dealer in vege tables named Charles Grosse, turned the corner, .sharply. The girls, suddenly sur prised, appeared to lose their presence of mind, and while they were evidently hesi tating which way to run, one of them—Lily Ashmore, aged 15 years—was knocked down, trampled beneath the horse's feet, and the wheels passed over her body. Those who saw the occurrence imagined she had been killed on the spot, and this would probably have been the case had it not fortunately hap pened that the vehicle wa3 nearly empty. As it was, the poor girl was picked up cut and bleeding about the head, and suffering seriously from internal injuries, and a, cab being procured, she was immediately i driven to the HospitaL ■ The driver, Grosse,' who. was accompanied by his .wife, was:,com pelled to pull up,-'and as it was evi dent that he :was 'considerably the worse of drink, one of th'c constables duty (Constable Caliill) with; commendable promptitude took' him-to the watch- Iiouse, where he was locked up for a few hours and then bailed out. The injured girl was taken home from the hospital on Saturday. :It is understood that the wheels of the cart passed over her chest, and she lias sustained some, bad contusions of- the head;' doubtless caused by the horse trampling on'her. She is very seriously hurt, and the ultimate issue of the | accident it would be - difficult to predict, i "What makes the affair still > more painful is I the fact that the girl's' father is . prostrated i on a bed of sickness, and. she lias been a great.assistance toiler poor mother..;Grosse, it seems, has been a total-abstainer for some time, hut he'broke out' on Saturday,j He will be- brought before the Bench to-day'to [ answer for his reckless conduct. Last night I we learnt that the poor girl had been so scr i iously injured that Dr, Crook, who" was at. | fending her, had expressed an opinion that it would be impossible and absolutely dan ! gerous for her. .to, appear in court-this morning. Her.- case was even a much more serious, one than at first, imagined,: and Dr. Crooko .had. no hope; that she would be able to go • out before a fort-? night- has'- passed, as •there is aproba bility of erysipelas setting in. It would also appear that long before lie reached the corner, Grosse' -was loudly ; cautioned. by Constable Caliill- to checkIliis carelessness,' but took no "notice, and was : subsequently very violent. and abusive. . This is a case of reckless driving that, it is hoped; will be as severely punished as xiossible. ..-. By an AssociatediPress Telegram received last night, we learn that- Mademoiselle Hrna de Murska's singing at her third, concert, •- on Saturday evening, : created' the greatest en thusiasm among those fortunate enough "to be present. , . ■ . -TheTesult ofjtlie draw for the Waterloo Cup -will be found in our.-Telegrapliic intel ligence, as also a short account of two- hor riblc murders committed at Frankston..' . From -information -since received, we find we were under a wrong impression when: inditing the paragraph which appeared ' in our Saturday's issue respecting the narrow escape experienced by the electors in Gee long West of being disfranchised. We must, in justice' to 'Mr Isicholls, the Electoral* •Registrar for- Geelong West, state that in the-morning of the day--on which - the rolls should be sent to him, he wrote to. Mr Tom-, pleton Burnett, the person appointed by the Govenior-in-Council to compile, the roll for the new borough, requesting to be furnishe'd with a printed copy of the roll, r so tliat had Mr Weire not considered it his duty to com ply with the provisions of -the Electoral Act, - the electors of i Geelong/West, would have been dnly enrolled and their proper fran chise secured to them. . .. '.- V-rn - \- There was quite an interesting assemblage. of small farmers and-their wives: in Mr Ducker's: auction room on Saturday. > The: cause of the attraction was the sale of the 1 Ilochctown estate, a quantity of small allot ments of land'at Moolap, extending between theQueenscliffeandFortarlingtonroads. Most of the would-be purchasers were residents of the. neighbourhood, and some of them had been occupying the land for a considerable period. The land had been originally surt veyed for a township, and the allotments were divided by streets bearing such aristo craticnames as Patrick streef, Limerick.street, &c.; Ifotwithstanding the attendance, the bicl ding was not particularly brisk, and .the land, which was offered in quarter acre lots, fell into the hands of one or two purchasers; the price realised varying from f lO to £12 "per acre. . At a recent meeting of the Barwon-Row ing Club the following new members were elected, viz. Messrs V.' Guthrie, C. 5G. Anderson, Shiels, and P. Dwycr. A report from the committee, stating that they had entered into negotiations for the purchase of a practice four-oar outrigger from E. Fuller, was approved of, as there are now a large number of junior members belonging to the.cub, some of the senior members have suggested the formation of crews. These, if formed, wiU betaken in hand and " coached'' two or three nights a wedk, which will be the means of augmenting the number of available men for regattas ; and now that the club has made its mark in the aquatic world, it is to be hoped the members will do their best to still further improve its position. The anniversary of St. Mary's Total Absti nence Society was observed in the usual manner yesterday, the principal streets be tween St. Peter and Paul's Church in Ashby and St. Mary's, being paraded by a proces sion of the members. The latter assembled to the number of about 1300, and as they walked side by side, wearing their distinc tive regalia of blue and silver, and accom panied by the members of their band in uniform, they made quite an imposing dis play. On their arrival at St. Mary's,; at 11 o clock, an appropriate address on temper ance was delivered by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, the banners of the Order being dis played inside the sacred edifice. In the eourse of his address^ the Archdeacon inti mated that the society now numbered 512 registered members. The announcement that a procession of the Children of Mary would take place in the evening,~ attracted a large congregation at thc evening service. ; On Saturday a quick-wittedson of "ould" Ireland tried, but unsuccessfully, to get the better of the officials at the Telegraph office. Oood as the joke was, however, it was not "Good-enough" to do "Brown," who failed to appreciate it. Said the Irishman, " How much do you charge for a message?" "Ten words for a shilling," replied a namesake of the hero with whom it is said Scots were so fond of bleeding, but Wallace decidedly ob jected to be bled in the manner proposed by the native of the Emerald Isle. "Does that | include the name of the sender and the party addressed ?" queried the latter. "Oh! no," replied Mr Wallace, "these are not charged for." This information appeared to afford the applicant intense delight, and a few minutes after he returned to the window with a mes sage form filled in with the address of his ] friends and duly signed "Terence O'Swindle- ( em," or whatever his name was, which was j not ascertained. "Please send that away at [ once," said he, and turned to go away. "Hulloo! what's this," cried a tall son of Wilkin, "Where's your money ?" "Shure," replied Paddy, " Did not ye tell me that the address and signing was not charged for?" Mr Wilkinson was nonplussed for a few seconds, but recovering his breath made a further explanation, which evidently was not deemed so satisfactory as the information previously, vouchsafed, no message being sent. - On the evening of the 6th instant, at the meeting of the Geelong United Lodge of Good Templars, the following officers were installedJbyBro.Twceddale, sen.,D.G.W.C. T., for the ensiling quarter : Bro. Box, IV,C. T. ; Bro. Sharpley, W.V.T. ; Bro. Muncey, W.S. ; Bro. Bromilow, "W.F.S. ; Bro. Chap man, W.C. ; Bro. Galbraith, W.M. ; Sister Ellis, I).M. ; Bro. Sims, O.G. ; Bro. Deans, L.S. ; Bro, Miskin, W.P.C.T, ; Bro. Craven tos been" •Selected W.T.'; and Bro. Pidding ton elected I. G. The young incorrigible, Amy Bellamy, who was arrested by the police for being vagrant, was brought before the Bench on Saturday morning. Senior Constable O'Hare gave evidence to the effect that he arrested her in Corio-street, at the house of. a man named Hafford, who with his family bore a very bad reputation. * He found she was also in the habit of stopping at the house of a man .named Gobbling, a resident of the same street. Charles Bellamy, the father of the girl; stated that she was a few months over 11 years old, and he found it impossible to control her, as she was constantly stop ping out all night. - She left home last Tues day morning, as he'supposed to go to school, but she had not returned since. The bench ordered tlio girl who said she could not stop at home because there " was too much jaw," to be sent to tlio Royal Park Industrial Schools for" a period of five years, the father to contribute for the. present 3s a week • for her, support. His. WorjJiip the Mayor, and Mr Panton, P.M., were the presiding ma gistrates.!", " ' ;i-Tke twenty-second annual communication ■ of! the "K.' W. Grand; Lodge of Australia, I.O.O.F., is to commence in Geelong to " morrow, and representatives will be present from all parts. ■ Their deliberations will ex tend over the whole .week, and will be held in the Masonic Hall in Union street. It is expected that seventy delegates will be in attendance,- and on Wednesday'evening a -dinner will he held at Fitzpatrick's hotel Writing on Saturday evening, our Colac correspondent says :—"The sale of Mr John Scott's stud of broodmares and the thorough bred stallion Hero,-which was to have taken place at' the . residence of the " proprietor (Roseneath, Cottage) to-day, .was a complete failure,.owing to the mares being in very poor condition on account of running in wet swampy ground during the .winter months. And, although the best racing blood of Bri tain..was guaranteed "to.course proud* y through their veins," relentless the-buyers present, would not .be moved by the oily tongued eloquence of Mr Wm..Finnis, and secmcdito think the want, of condition a de sideratum that ;it would "be unwise'to'-ilib-' pense with. The thoroughbred stallion'Hero, though-in the'pink of condition, was also withdrawn from sale, no offer being made for him:"'." - i-"- ■ . At the adjourned meeting of the council of lb® Borough of Steiglitz, on Friday evening last, for the purpose of electing the Mayor of the*Borough, Cr. John Robert Harris was. the motion of Cts.. Cahir and -Martyn, unanimously re-elected. - The. council cor dially thanked the retiring Mayor, referring to his two year's inayoral services, and. com ■plimcnted him on his re-election, to which, the Mayor suitably responded.' ..The officers of the council wero also complimented for having" efficiently executed their, duties during the past: year, and the. meeting ter minated. Two hoys, named AYilliam Williams and. William 1 Stewart, aged lS and 1G respec tively, were arrested on Saturday night for stealing a pair of elastic- side hoots from the shop of Messrs Strong & Pierce, in Moora bool-Btreet. ■ ; ..- . - <. * The Council of ,tlic Sliirc of South Barwon will hold a special meeting this morning, at 10 o'clock, in i accordance with the Act, .to elect" a president,- and other business. ■ . The attendance at the quoit ground was sufficiently numerous on Saturday afternoon \ to indicate that no small amount of interest j bad-been created by the announcement that a triangular duel" would be-played between Messrs King, M'Mullen, aud Kelly, and Messrs Kippon, .Ifawkes, and Templeton. Mr King's trio were looked upon with most favor, more especially as it soon became apparent the champion was in the grandest of forms,' he seldom being half an inch away from the .."hob,"- which, ;as a rule, was covered' with his: quoit. Thus his opponent had-to fight an uphill game throughout, and lost the'start gained for Mi- Hawkes' side by Mr Templeton, who also played so well that, notwithstanding Mr' Kelly had been prac tising, tlirougliout the week, the veteran did not stand the ghost of a show of winning. The first game completed was that between Templeton' and Kelly, the scores being 31 and 1G respectively. Next followed that betiveenJKing and Klppon, the former scor ing 31 to 14. ; thus Hawkes had to start his match with M'Mullen with two points to the bad. He, however, was not daunted, played better than he had previously done through out the season, and was 31 when Mr M'Mullen's score stood at IS, the totals thus being—Mr Hawkes' .side, 76 ; Mr M'Mullen's 65 majority for Mr Hawkes, 11 points.- At a meeting held during the evening the playing strength of the club was considerably 'augmented by that well known player Mr Joseph Brearley rejoining, and Mr Henry Brearley and Mr Halmshaw, being elected members, the three gentlemen mentioned, along with Mr Pendlebury, having previously been playing during the afternoon with no small amount of skill and precision. Mr J. M'Laugldin was also elected a member, and, with Mr Maxwell, had previously done good service by keeping the scores during the progress of the match. During the evening the members dined to gether when Mr Hawkes, as captain of tile winning team, was presented with a trophy in shape of a shell cup mounted on a tripod, which he appeared to mnch appreciate, and hoped he would he spared to play success fully for manv smJi —i.i may lor many such seasonable rewards Steps will be taken during next week to arrange for a grand match among all the playing members of the club. From the Argus we learn that-After lengthened negotiation, the banks have agreed upon a reduction of the rates of in terest on deposits. The rates on and after Saturday -Bill be as follows :-For months 3 percent; for six months, 4 cent; for 12 months, 5 per cent This is one per cent below the rates which have been in force recently. Jt is „n.W i that the Bank of Neiv Zealand,-which wl histrumental inlawing the rates of interest on deposits some" time ago, is included in the agreement. 