. English Mail \- . HOME ITEMS. ? The Brighton, Congress.— The great autumnal Congress of clergy and laity of vilie Church oil England occupied four days, being too short a time for dealing with the vast range of subjects included in the. programme'. .The selection of Brighton was likely to secure, even apart'from other sources of attraction, a very large gathering. ;Witli London only about an hour's journey distant, and with such liowns as Hastings, Eastbourne, Maidstonc, Canterbury, Dover, Folk-, stone, on i:he east or north-east, Chichester, Portsmouth, Southamp ton, Ryde, and Winchester on the west, all within two or three hours' ride bv .'railway, it was almost imDossible that the importance of the Congress should not be greatly enhanced numerically. The afternoon proceedings commenced half an hour later than usual. The great room under the dome, seating three thousand persons, was densely crowded. The inaugural address of the president, Bishop Durnford, of Chichester, was graceful and well expressed. It dealt altogether with practical matters. He made a strong, appeal against any exhi bition of party violence, and concluded in these terms : — We are united in firm belief of the inspiration and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures. We are content to accept the church not only as a keeper, of Holy Writ, but as a witness to its true meaning. We have then a foundation of argument in things necessary, of charity in things undetermined and indifferent. If this present meeting served to fan the flame of -religious discord, already blazing too fiercely, it would be simply a calamity to the church and nation. What we need is peace, peace based upon mutual forbearance and cheerful recognition of each other's right to think what we will, and to speak what we think, only within the laws of the church as in this realm established, and that higher law of charity without which zeal for the truth is bigotry. Therefore, I trust, that as all animosity will be banished from your hearts, no irritating expression will pass the doors of your lips. This is no place for passions bred in the torrid zone of controversy. We have suffered already too much from bitter words, evil surmises, exaggerated alarms, mutual complaints. Members of one church cannot meet as enemies, but even generous enemies respect each other, and carry on their contests on the lines of honour and courtesy. But far more is expected from such a meeting as this. On one side friends are looking on in anxious fear lest some spark, falling on excited 'minds, should provoke a perilous explosion; on the yLher, an uui'riendly world is watching our words and deeds, ready to make the church itself an offender for the rashness or the violence of her children. It is not too much to say that the interests of religion itself are now in your keeping. A grave responsibility lies on you. I entreat you, the'n, in the name of Him whom we all acknowledge as our Lord and Master, the Prince of Peace, seek peace and ensue it. If I, or any who act as chairman, should be compelled to inter fere for the purpose of order, I have no doubt that', as in all assem blies of Englishmen, the president will be supported. Bub I have indeed little fear that any such exercise of authority will be called for. I count upon your good sense, your self-restraint, your tolerance, your conviction, that you are here to represent the Church of England and uphold its character and your own profession as Christians before the eyes of men. I count upon the calming, sobering, elevating influences of the holy services of this day, and the prayers in which you all have joined. Let me not be disappointed of this hope. Convocation Reform.— On this subject, on which the minds of churchmen are much agitated, Rev. Canon Kyle said :— I hold that no convocation can be of any real use to our church which does not possess two qualifications. One of them is, that it must be a fair representation of the great body of the clergy ; the other is, that it must enjoy the confidence and respect of the great body of the laity. On both these' points, I maintain, our existing convocation entirely fails and breaks down. Poll the mass of the clergy and laity through out the land on this subject, and I have no doubt what their verdict would be. They would reply, by an immense majority, that convoca tion as it is does not represent the Church of England, and that if allowed to continue and have ' letters of business,' it ought to be thoroughly reconstituted and reformed. Concerning the precise nature of the reforms required by the times, there is, of course, much room for difference of opinion. From want of time I shall confine myself strictly to one point. I submit that the one great reform required by the times is the admission of the laity. This is a point, I frankly admit, on which there is wide difference of opinion, and I fear that I stand very much alone. But nothing that I have read or heard in the last few years has shaken my judgment one jot. It is my deliberate conviction tkat all other reforms of convocation are comparatively useless so long as the laity are excluded. You may furbish up ' Brown Bess' as much as you please; you may give her a new stock, and a new ramrod, and a new flint in the lock, and tell me that it won the battles of Blenheim, and Vittoria, and Waterloo. But you will never make Englishmen believe that the old flint-lock musket is the weapon for the times ; and you will never make them believe that a synodical assembly, composed of bishops and clergy only, will meet the wants of the Church of Eng land in the nineteenth century. Precedents for admitting the laity raa-y perhaps be deficient. We cannot wait for them ; we must create them. The broad fact remains that the laity will never take much interest in convocation until they have a voice and a share in its proceedings. They know that they are the church as well as the clergy, and they justly feel that they have a right to be consulted in everything which affects the church's condition. They will never allow any clerical parliament, however composed and elected, to cut and carve for them, either in matters doc trinal or ceremonial, and be content to shut their eyes and meekly swallow what is put in their mouths. The days are past when the bishops were lord keepers and chancellors — when the clerks had a monopoly of learning and education, and when the lay people could only dig, or plough, or reap, or weave, or hunt, or hawk, or wield a battleaxe, or draw a bow, or couch a lance, and were satisfied with a mere vicarious religion. Precedents drawn from such days are com paratively worthless. There are thousands of laymen now who think, and read, and write, and reason, and understand things as well as any of the clergy, and it is absurd to suppose that th«y will ever give up their right of private judgment, and let us think for them in a reformed convocation. There are scores of admirable laymen in the managing committees of our religious, societies who are as conversant with theological questions as any of ourselves, and would add weight to any ecclesiastical synod on earth. I have great faith in the laity. My sentence is that we ought to enlist their sound judgments and well-trained intellects into the direct service of the church, by admitting them as members of the convocation. Every one knows that the best way to make a man take interest in a business is to make him a partner in the concern. Once let the churchwardens in every diocese be empowered by law to elect lay proctors, and the laity throughout the land would take a lively interest in convocation proceedings. Here we thus note that after Mr. Ryle had expressed his well-known views on convocation reform, Mr. Perry followed on the other side, and then, Colonel Bartlelot, M.P., who was the next speaker, adverted to the duty which had bean imposed upon convo cation by the letters, of business which had been ' addressed to them to revise the rubrics of the church. It depended very much, he thought, upon the way in which they discharged that duty whether they were to be deemed worthy of the confidence of the people of England. It was now in their power to pr.ove whether they were disposed to act in a spirit of fairness and conciliation, and, above all, with a determination to uphold the principles of the reformation. (Cheers, and cries of ' Question.') Time was pressing. The 1st of July was not far distant, when a certain Act would come into force. (Cheers, and loud cries of ' Question.') He was anxious that convocation, in the discharge of the duty before it, should take care that in none of the rubrics submitted to their revision should i there be anything left which might be of a Romanising tendency. ! (Cheers, and renewed cries of ' Question,' which lasted some minutes.) | He should like to see the person who objected to the remark ! stand up and say that he should wish convocation to pursue a con [ trary course. (Uproar.) There was another point on which he I desired to say a word or two. A growing feeling existed throughout I the country that a leaning towards sacerdotal supremacy was spread ing among us. (Cheers, and cries of 'No, no.') But he was satisfied that such supremacy would never be tolerated in Papacy-hating i England. (Cheers, and cries of ' Question.') If convocation only '? did its duty, Parliament, it might rest assured, would give it every assistance in its power to carry out in its revision of the rubrics the broad principles of the reformation. (Cheers.) The Old Catholic Movement. — The Bishop of Melbourne said: — We cannot but take a deep interest in the Old Catholic movement on the continent of Europe; we cannot but deeply sympathise with and admire the leaders of that movement, and especially that noble man of whom we have heard so much ; and we cannot but rejoice at their renunciation of so many of the errors of Romanism, and at their recognition of the orders of our own church, and their evident desire to hold communion with us. I feel that, they have a strong claim to our sympathy and our prayers, and that we must all entertain an earnest hope that this movement may lead to an extension of the truth throughout the continent of Europe and the world. But, at the same time, I feel that there is need of caution, lest sympathy, and admiration, and joy, on their behalf, and our desire to cherish com munion with them, should cause us, in any degree, to depart from, or explain away, or gloss over, any of the great truths which our church recovered at the reformation, or to seem to countenance any of the errors of doctrine and practice which she then put away. I feel that it is our bounden duty to pray for them, and, as far as we can, to raise them upward, but not in any degree to descend towards them. I have been led to address you on this occasion in consequence of the articles agreed to by some highly-esteemed members of our church, men whom I highly revere and love, at the recent conference at Bonn. Those articles I now hold in my hand, and there are several of which I am constrained to say that I feel them to be inconsistent with the teaching of Holy {Scripture, and with the doctrines of our church. I trust, my Lord Bishop, that I shall say nothing this afternoon in any degree at variance with the admirable feeling which you expressed in your opening address, or inconsistent with the office which I hold in our church ; but, on the other hand, ? I would ask my brethren here, and especially my brethren among the clergy, to bear with me while I express sentiments in which some of them may not, perhaps, concur. The Articles on Confession of Sins to a Priest, the Commemoration of the Faithful Departed, and the Holy Communion, as likewise that on the Invocation of Saints, which, although withdrawn, seems to have been agreed to by members of the Church of England, all appear to me inconsistent with the teach ing of the Scriptures and of our church. At present, however, I shall not say more about these, but shall call special attention to one article which appears to me to be in direct contradiction to the great fundamental principle of the reformation. I allude to that upon the authority of tradition, which I will read to you. It is as ? follows : — ' The Holy Scriptures being recognised as the primary rule of the faith, we agree that genuine tradition, i.e. the unbroken transmission, partly oral, partly by writing, of the doctrine delivered by Jesus Christ and the apostles, is an authoritative source of teaching for all successive genera tions of Christians. 'This tradition is partly to be fouud in the consensus of the great ecclesiastical bodies, standing iu ^historical continuity with the primitive church, partly to be gathered by a scientific method from the written documents of all centuries. ' We acknowledge that the Church of England, and the churches . derived through her, have maintained unbroken the episcopal succes sion.' Now, I do not believe that upon any disputed matter of doctrine or practice, except episcopacy, the baptism of infants, and the observ ance of the Lord's Day, there is any genuine tradition which can be at all relied upon as evidence of the teaching of our Lord. I do not myself — I am expressing, my friends, my own opinion — I do not my self acknowledge that there is any satisfactory proof of the doctrine contained in the articles to which I have just referred respecting confession to a priest, the commemoration of the faithful departed, and the Holy Communion having been taught in the primitive church. Even with respect to episcopacy, infant baptism, and the Christian Sabbath, no such complete consensus of ancient Christian writers exists that controversy is silenced. One of our own church historians, the late Dean Waddington, was of opinion that there was no Bishop of Corinth in the time of Clement. One, at least, of the ancient fathers objected to the baptism of infants ; and concerning the duty of observing the Lord's Day as it is now observed, we know there is much difference of opinion among the most learned members of our chuiwh. Having only three minutes left, let me briefly observe that the doctrine of the rx'ticle which I have quoted respecting tradi tion is opposed to the 6th Article of our own church, which declares the sufficiency of the teaching of the Holy Scriptures. It is, I think, also very dangerous, first, as affording Satan an opportunity of reviving doctrinal error and superstitious practices, on the ground that they can be proved by so-called genuine tradition ; secondly, as causing learned men, on the authority of certain ancient writers, to put a wrong interpretation on the Word of God ; thirdly, as leading men away from the careful, prayerful study of the Scriptures, to the study of a number of books which, whatever value they possess, are the works of fallible men like ourselves ; fourthly, as inducing many to neglect writings of our own divines, which are far more profitable, both for helping us to a correct understanding of the Scriptures, and for spiritual edification, than are the Greek and Latin fathers; lastly, and above all, as making men to doubt themselves, and teach others to doubt the practical sufficiency of the Bible to make those who read it for themselves, and exercise upon it their own minds, with prayer for the teaching of the Holy Spirit. This last is the most fatal result of all. The fundamental principle of the refor mation is that the Bible is the only standard of faith and practice and the sole authoritative source of teaching in the church ; and that it is the privilege and duty of every man to search the Scrip tures for himself, to see whether the things contained in any other book, or taught by any man, are in accordance with the revealed will of God. This speech of our beloved Diocesan elicited a letter from Bishop Harold Bsowne, in which that learned prelate contended that the articles of the Bonn Conference were a compromise. He thus con cluded ;— ' At all events, this clearly cuine out in the Bonn Con.. . ference, that Dpllinger and the great body of Old Catholics had no greater difference of theological opinions from an old-fashioned and moderate English Churchman than such an English Churchman would discover between himself and the adherents of the three extreme parties at present existing in England. I call myself an old fashioned English Churchman, and I find more to repel me in any one of the extreme schools in England than I do in anything I have seen or heard in the Old Catholics. Now, I do not wish to expel from my own communion any of the adherents of the three schools within it. The church ought to hold them all, or it will become a sect. A fortiori I would gladly welcome to Christian brotherhood men so much to be loved and honoured as Dollinger, and those who have escaped from errors for which I fear some within our own body have too much sympathy. You will forgive an old friend for writing thus plainly, and believe that I am, ever affectionately yours — E. H. Winton. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne.' /The Spiritual Life. — On this subject, which at other congresses was discussed with great earnestness, the Bishop of Melbourne said: — My Lord, thanking you for the wise and loving admonition which you gave at the commencement of this meeting, I would speak of the spiritual life as the life of the new man created by the power of the Holy Ghost, by whom we were baptised into the body of the Lord Jesus Christ — that new life of which our Lord spake when He said ' Except a man be born again he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' The spiritual life which has commenced in our union- with Christ is maintained and strengthened by our continued union with Him through the power of the Holy Spirit working within us, and I may add through our own exercise of faith. Christ abides in us by ? His Spirit, and we abide in Him by faith. ' The life which I live in the flesh is a life of faith on the Son of God.' Our great object is . then to strengthen this union. I may add that the spiritual life is an inner life, just as life in the body is an inner life. It manifests itself in comformity to the image and example of our Lord. How, then, shall we become more and more conformed to these ? I may say, in passing, that I do not think the Holy Scriptures teach us that the attainment of perfect conformity is possible, but we are to aim at perfect conformity, and this we shall, I conceive, do best by contemplating the character of Christ as exhibited to us in the Holy Scriptures, and by prayer for the help of God's Holy Spirit to bring us more closely into that conformity. I cannot now enter into particulars, but I would speak of prayer in its general aspect. As we read, ' Pray always,' so we should be continually, as it were, in passing through life, lifting up our hearts to God in prayer as the occasion may suggest; and we should read the Holy Scriptures with the view of learning the character of Christ as it is there exhibited, and of imbibing from them the spirit of Christ. Then with regard to faith, faith in action, it must act out itself. Among the many fruits of the Spirit enumerated in the Epistle to the Galatians we have, first of all, 'love, joy, peace,' and then we have 'longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance.' Love has been already dwelt upon this morning. That is the grand characteristic of a Christian — the inward feeling of love to God as a God and Father in Christ, and then that love for man which flows from it. And then there are long- suffering, gentleness, meekness. I will only add one other remark, and that is, that I believe this great congress is on the one hand a test of, and on the other hand a help to, our spiritual life. It is a test of our spiritual life, inasmuch as each speaker should aim in what he says to exhibit the mind of Christ,' and avoid everything that would unnecessarily wound the feelings of his brethren present ; while, as regards the hearers, when anything is uttered which is contrary to their judgment or painful to their feelings or minds, they should receive it in meekness and silence. Farther, it is a help to our spiritual life, because it calls into exercise the graces of long- suffering, gentleness, and meekness ; and I testify thankfully to the great difference in this respect which I myself have observed between the congress which I attended at Manchester in 1863 and .that which I have the privilege of attending now. The Fanatical Disputes at Jerusalem. — According to a correspondent of the Turqnie, the aspect of affairs among the various Christian sects in Jerusalem is at the present moment threatening. While the Greek and Latin communities are disagreeing over decora tion of the Grotto of the Nativity, the Christians of all rites are much concerned about the fate of the Pillar of the Scourging, which is their common property. This pillar, which is kept in a Latin church, suddenly disappeared, but on inquiry it was affirmed that it had merely been placed in a box for safety while the church was under going certain necessary repairs. The other communities thereupon set their seals upon the box, and all excitement was for the moment allayed. In the meantime, however, rumours have been set on foot that the Latins have packed up and sent to Home the true pillar, and substituted for it another piece of stone. The correspondent adds that it is feared these rumours may give rise to grave disturbances. 