THE BIBTHPLACE OF GOLDSMITH. Among the , birthplaces of. the illustrious there is, perhaps, not one more remote from ' the busy haunts of men,' than Pallas the birthplace of Oliver Goldsmith, situated in the parish of Forginy, county Longford. It is remarkable .that in any one of the ,many biographical sketches ; of the far- jfamed poet's , life, there is. hardly a line to be found des criptive of his birthplace,; which, is probably owing to the fact that the latter, was never visited by any of Goldsmith's biographers. Within miles, of Pallas there is absolutely nothing worth a journey ,to see. No pretty sceneryjto attract the . tourist— no terrestrial phenomenon which an erudite geologist could at all associate with the time of Abraham — no round towers— not eyen an old castle, respecting - whose antiquity archaeologists could become personal with each other. Then there are, bad hotel accommodation, bad horses, bad cars, and everything else calculated, to deter even the most ardent admirer of the poet from visiting his birth place. Hence that part of county Longford, in which Goldsmith's birthplace is situated, is rarely frequented by tourists. Pallas is distant about three miles from the market town af Ballymahon, from the main road to which it is' approached by a narrow roadway or ' boreen.' On arriving at the latter, one CYnfiripnpps f.Vifi fcrnKh of Tirvrrl TVT'riflnlsrvr'fl observations that ' those who are induced, to make a pilgrim? ge to the birthplace of the poet, are obliged to perform the latter part of their journey on foot,' as this road, is full of ruts and short turns, and is impass able to all vehicles except donkey carts in the neighbourhood, whose skilful whips and barefooted steeds understand its intricacies. On arriving at the end of the roadway, which is about a mile in length, all that is to be seen is & small and lonely hamlet, com posed of thatched cabins, and adjacent to it, one of those circles of old trees, so common in Ireland, which the peasantry call ' forts.' Enclosed by these trees are some two acres of ground on- which the house of the poet stood,' but of which there is now no vestige re maining, save the flag at its door-step. Traces of its garden and orchard may still be found. The circle of trees with the enclosed portion of ground, form an oasis in. a. wilderness. Looking at the surrounding country as far as the eye. can reach, is a black and desolate plain stretching off to the blue horizon, with out an object to relieve the dull monotony of its dreary aspect. One naturally wonders what there could have been here to inspire with.1 poetic sentiment the young mind of Goldsmith ;. and one cannot but think of the old maxim 'poeta nascitur non fit.' It has been supposedly some that Goldsmith's ' Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain' was its authors birthplace ; whilst others with more reason think it, was in county Roscommoi?.' Whatever, doubt, however, there may be respecting,! the correctness of the lattor opinion, there can be none that Auburn was not Pallas, arid that the latter does not, and never did, possess any scenery or objects to correspond, ta-the vivid descriptive lines of . the ' t)eser't«d Village.' We well remember our first /Visit to Pallas. It was on a beau tiful summer's evening. The last beams of the setting gym shone on the birthplace of the immortal pqet. A gentle breeze waved the foliage of tho whole trees, whose shadows lenU chequered' hue to the grass's bright . » green, and in whose shade once walked the illustrious author of the 'Vicar of Wake field ' and ' The Traveller ' when a child. A party of, ladies and gentlemen wandered over the sequestered spot ; the ladies pulled hawthorn and wild roses, and the gentlemen cut sticks, as relics from the poet's birthplace. Among the party .stood an in habitant of the place, an aged peasant man, on whose bowed and snow-white head the chilly winds of winter had blown, and the suns of summer shone for nearly 100 years. The grandfather of this old man had remem bered (joldsmitn ; and he pointed to the flag at the poet's door step, and pointed to it with as much pride and veneration as the veteran soldier of the First French Empire points out to.t^e stranger in Paris the glittering golden dpme of Napoleon's tomb. Of all the super slitious peasantry we have ever met, none are more so than those of Pallas, who have in numerable stories of ghosts, hobgoblins, and banshees, in whose existence they firmly believe, and gravely assure the stranger that the fairies meet by moonlight, and dance round the flag at the poet's door-step. We may assume that the superstitious beliefs of these peasantry are derived from their ancestors who lived in the poet's time ; and may readily image how the mind of Gold smith when a child, became first possessed of that remarkably superstitious cast which it never entirely lost in his after life. It seems strange indeed, that in county Long ford — a county which can boast of families of literary reputation, the house of Gold smith (a poet whose works must ever live in the literature of nations, should be allowed to fall — that its ruins have not been preserved. It is said, that a Frenchman who visited the birthplace of Goldsmith, when looking at the neglected and weed grown spot on which the house of the poet stood, naturally exclaimed with emotion, ' Ah mes amis regardez le lieu de naissance d'un grand poete.' It has been said reproachfully of the Irish people that they erect few monuments to the memory of their greatest men. But no people more revere and treasure up the memory of their great departed countrymen, than the people of Ireland. No people are more minutely conversant with the features and incidents of their great men's lives than the Irish people. Ireland's great sons of the past live in the minds and hearts of her people, and need no monuments or other material objects to bequeathjto.posterity their imperishable fame. Many allusions in the correspondence and the works of Goldsmith, afford sufficient proofs that in, his own words ' in all his wan derings round this world of care' his thoughts ever fondly turned towards the scenes of his childhood and his birthplace, till his restless and exhausted spirit found repose amid the noise and bustle of England's great metro polis. W. S. Iewin. 