I IN THE SENATE. I Yes ; surely, as the downs h:Y? it, | | herb wo are again. ' There fs tho snmo dingy I building, with its unsightly unfinished I front (?) fooing tho atroot of Bourko ; its Iitmahed sooliou looking ont whero fow will see It, ovidenolng the wisdom of tho men who sit therein. The same gloomy oorridor, with the idontioal policeman marching up and down in tho cold foggy air of the night, tho aamo knot of unsavoury politicians or hangers on standing around. Let us open the plainly painted door entering into this ruin. There stands tho urbane messenger, affable nnd gentlemanly as of yore, Burroundod by a crowd of gontlesinn, who aro Bonding anxious hotos up to tho members or tho Spoakor, with n view to obtain a seat in tho galleries. Ho pals theBQ Blips ia n sorv of box, whioh is at once haulod np, and they aro soizod upon by tho messongors np stairs. ,Tho qxpeotants shivor la the draughty pissago for perhaps a quarter of an hour. At last a Hibernian voios calls out " Gintleman, who sent up to' Mr Bogus." "Whore's tho gentleman who aakod for Mr Bogus," orios tho messenger below, with an anxlouB look around him. Whereupon tho uniuformod country peoplo 1 who are presett look with awo upon the in dividual who is bo fortunate ns to bo sum moned, expeoting to hoar of his Bpoedy pro motion to .somo groat otfioe, and amidst a crowd of admirers ho steps gontly upstairs, and is ushered into tho gallery. Next tho rolling voibe from nbove proclaims " Gentle man who. sent for the spaker, this way," whereat tho crowd .below hold thoir breath and look npon this fortanata Individual as some demi god. An old lady from Bungnreo or thoraabouts, who has lived in tho wilds I for tho last thirty years, montally dcolares that this man must at least bo a princo, ainoo ho is so highly favored as to havo a personal lntorviow with tho Speaker. Lot us pass np tho stairs. In tho lobby wo find soveral members colloguing with some of their consti tuents, who aro down to see tho grand cere mony, and to keep a eharp'look out on the Baid membor. Theso membra were very atten tive to tho ladies who may be brought up by ' their constituents, and, indeed, our senators appoarlto think it the correct thing to lean over tbe gallery and oonvtrso with fair constituents. Major Smith appears particu larly in form with the ladies, und even gruff, atern, rugged, Angua Mackay is occasionally seen to indulgo ia gallantry,; But let us pa;s round by tbe memberBroom, where everything Is warm and luxurious, and mako for .the reporters gallory, whore tho reoording angels of tho;prcao aro busy " takiug notos," each having:his "take of so many minutes." JtSe. hind them we find tie higaer order of soribas assembled, taking in tbo ensemblo, and en deavoring to catch Ideas for the slashing leader whioh ia to appear inDoxt day's paper, ' And the proprietors are there, too, watching their employees. It ia a busy seeno, and an unitiated person must wonder how tho reporters can catch tho words, for tho acous tic properties of tho chamber aro bad, and tho reporters ore altogether too high up to hear properly. But they manage it somehow. Aud let <13 look abroad and spy out the assemblage beneath us, the ohoson of Victoria in tho brilliant chamber lit by these gas Bnnbursts, oo carefully concea'ed by glaas. Not a vory handsomo body of .men truly, rather tbo revel so, bat then we nocd not expect to find Apollo or Antinoos, with godlike forms and curling locks, Bitting in theso legislatorial halls. A man must have passed in this aolouy through many vicissitudoB, must havo had the golden bloom of youth broshed off his oheoks, and too often his hair mast bo grizzled and grey before ho can Bit there to to represent bis country. On tho govern ment beucho3 sits, first, Korierd, plausiblo in appearance, just the man to set down as a skilful tactician. There is nothing offensive in his bearing, ou the contrary there is an appearance of lngenuouRue»3 which, whether " put on" or not, ia very effcctivo ; a prac tical air that goes down. Then wo have Gillies, quite the reverse, self- assertive, roBy, with whiskers carefully I fostered, faco cxptessiog thorough contidonoo I iu his own abilities, and a soupaun of oombat- ivoueen that foruiH u guod contrast to his bhiei'o calm, placid aspect. Ram3ay sits thoro, quiet, heavy, apathetic, but decidedly a man whom the spectator likes. Then wo havo Townsend H'Dermott, that extraordi nary man, with atooping shoulders, evidence of intense study, attenuated faco, eagor and reBtless eyes, presenting a general enscinbic pf tho ever-busy, uneasy lawyer and tho some- irhat ecoontrlo genius. Next wo have Service, the praotioal, acnto man of business, exaot, unromantio, a man whom wo mnBt respoot, with common BenBO and practical ability plainly written on his face. Angus Maokay, red bearded liko tho Rob Roy Macgrogor ho has so often impersonated, wearing on his Scottish physiognomy tho marks of strong sonse, hardhoaded logic, and deep atudy ; indeed giving a massive Impression. Last but not least comos the groat King Casey, too low-sized for dignity, growing stouter every day, with a full face, full bearded, and giving one the idea of a man extremely satisfied with himself. Purves, ono of tho youngest looking men inthohouse, with cheat- | nut hair, and by no menus unhandsome face, with a dogmatic selfwilkd expression on it, however, that speaks of his ocmbustivo mature. Maopherson, gentlemanly, good- ualured, a man for social inlluenc. Woods, small, sharp, pugilistic. McCullocb, grave, stem; pompous, with heavy linos on his fuoo, and satiric, dissatisfied expression; appearing ns if always pondering over somo great problem. Graat, "the light of other days." Mojpr Smith, with blaok beard, sleek, self satisfied. Langton, adoresslng tbe House iu shrewish toHes, his blue blaok beard varying in hue as ho turns, and his raven bandB clawing tho air an If ho were tearing out the heart of aoino invisiblo foo- Murray Smith, quiet, gentlemanly, slinking up tho passage. G. P. .Smith, heavy and blaok, watohing tho Premier as ho roplios, with a bitter caustio 1 look upon his faco. There, sitting in non chalant attitude, is Mr Cuitain, tho member tor North Melbourne ; jovial and hearty looking, tbo fun and bautor of bis nature seeming to brim over, yet all tbe while tbo ! praotioal commonsenso qualities of tbo legis lator and man of bucinoas peep out. A man who has mado his way and who is making his way to higher honors, not laoking in the savoir /dire, and enorgy whioh onanro buc- oesu. Ah 1 how I miss tho familiar visage of F. L. Smytho, i the'sparklo of hia dear old spectacles, the rioh brogue of bis rolling tongne, his affeotionato ways. He is gone, and if forever, &c.; Here is Gannson, tbe new man, tho coming i loader, Ac. , a goadleoking young man I enough, "but he will be talking," as Dogberry I observed eonoerning YergcB. Joseph Jones, tbe philosophical, comes in like Mr Koady- to-Hslt in the Pilgrim's Progress, ouly tho !' resemblance oxistsbut iu perBon ; in opinions thore Is no halting with Mr Jonos. A study ia this coffee merchant ; a man whoatretahoa himself upon tho bonohes, and prefers tp read Mill or Wbatoly to listen to the proline of oratorio; 1 duffers. Hero is Bcut, tbe representative of Adam, almost as for gotten now as that analont gardener. Among tbo Oppositionists tbo most conspi cuous lace is perhaps that of O'Grudy, a good humored, jolly, dovil.may-oaro faco it is too, bespeaking,' tho man contented with his own posiiinu and wishing well to all around. Tbo kind of man of whom you would ask a favor in an cmorgonoy, and whom you would rely on not taking n moan advantage of an oppo nent. To all ontward appearance tho vory antithesis of Langton, apparently a|bad plotter but a good worker. And so tho vision passes awity ; Lko houso rises, tho lights aro pat ont, und tho building is left untonantod oavo by tho oarotakers, and, perohanoe, tho ghosts of tho many who havo talked and workod hero in days gona by, aud whoso bodios now slumber in tho grave. Through a typographical error in our issue of Wednesday, tho fino infliotod on Kirsoh, tho kooper of ,a German lodging houso for soiling , wine without a license; was msdo £50 instead of , £5 the correct amount, ! V ' 