THE BilOVrX LADY. By Mid. Cashti. Hoi:Y. IX TWO PART?: — PART U. Cii.M'in; I. THK STOKY OF TIII. FI:I:ncii CorN't'KSN. The London pons. in was over, nnil the j srnsiffe s> asnn in England, and the gambling | ami flirtation season in continental Europe. ! t.f.d also closed. The stately old country- | houses were assembling their inmates for ! Christmas ; the weather was seasonable — j very delightful for rich people with every sort of out-door pleasure and in-door luxury at j command, and productive of intense suilering i to the po-.f who lacked all these tilings — and > sport had been capital at Burnhuin, whore 1 trie heir and his wife were passing the , Christmas holidays. j The family circle has lost ono member ' sh-ce the day on which Adeline de Benucour : hnd been added to it. L'idy Madeleine Raby : had made a prosper us and happy mnrriago — un.ier the auspices of Lady Buruham, who had beio: quite th.e fashion during the season, and was tit present abroad with her husband, the H mnurable Mr. Charter. Lady Uurnhntu missed her very much, ami found that her mother's and sister's presence only increased j tire loss ; she was decidedly bored, for the j fir t time since she had come to England, i Lady Blanche hnd almost mndo up her mind, j since Madeleine's marriage, that she was called to a more active participation in the ministry ; of the Reverend Jn-iah than the selecting of j his texts and the revising of his sermons, and ; was setting about the " breaking" of this! conviction to her parents by a rigiil disregard, > indeed condemnation, of all the light and worhi'v distractions implied in conformity to : t h.e rn'es of society, nnd a severity of demeanour , which Lady Burnt am could neither propitiate ; imr understand. 'The few ladies staying in; the house were ''county" magnates; and the ' (rang Frenchwoman, cleverly as she had ; adapted herself to English society, and well ; as she understood it, considering how brief her opportunities had been as yet, found that particular phase of it which they personified out of her reach for the present. She was polite and attentive to them, but she had little notion at times what they were talking about, and she perceived clearly that they tievor entirely ceased to regard Iter as an intruder into the sacred caste of the nristocracy. " It is all very well for poor dear Lady Marlosdale to insist on the dv, you know ; and, of course, in a certain sense Lady Burnhatn is of the nobility, '' Lady Daylesford remarked to Mrs. Joyce Stratton ; " but it is only foreign nobility after all — so different from ours." Mrs. Joyce Stratton entirely agreed with Lady JVsylesford, as befitted the intellectual cnlibre of a lady who, bad she lieeu told that one of Adeline's ancestors was a French knight ,, who bad f. ught at Agincourt, would hnvo failed to see the argument for her nobility becausehe was not an Englishman. While these worthy persons were possessed by the belief that Adeline Burnharn was not quite noble enough, they were not free from any nneasy suspicion that she was a little too clover for their society. They could havo got over her beauty, hut her talent, her fascination — for she possessed that indefinable gift in fullest perfection — these were too much for them ; and Lady Burnharn know it, and was amused, hut decidedly bored. She did not see much of Burnharn, who was an ardent sportsman, and a popular man in the county, where it was his business to make himself liked just now, as it was his ambition to represent it in Parliament at the next vacancy, which was : likely to take place soon. In this, as in J everything else, his wife sympathised with ; him ; and she was very careful to hide from I her husband that she was bored, philosophically . considering that it could not last, and solacing . herself by writing long and amusing letters to Lady Madeleine Charter. I It was the beginning of Christmas week ; the j snow, which hnd been falling lightly for some j days, was frozen, and the weather had reached | a noiut of " Reasonableness " which precluded out-door amusements, except to such hardy in dividuals as professed a taste for the noble art of skating. Bnrnham Castle had its full complement of Christmas guests, and they were sometimes a little heavy in hand, and gave the Countess some trouble in their management — trouble which she sustained nevertheless with indefatigable courage, for the sake of her pride and her son. A portentously long morning had been be guiled by a visit to the picture- gallery, of which Lady Burnharn had done the honours. She hnd no knowledge of art, but she had an unlearned taste for pictures, and she had taken some pains to make herself acquainted with the valuable though not extensive collec tion at Burnhatn Castle. Lady Madeleine's 'femark upon her likeness to the portrait known as that of " the French Countess" — but unraentioned in the catalogue pretentiously inscribed ou vellum and kept in the library — had not escaped her at the time ; and she bad afterwards asked her sister-in-law who the " French Crantess " was, nnd whether there was anything remarkable in her story, purposing to inspect the portrait oh her return to Burnharn, and see what she thought of the supposed likeness. Bnt Lady Marlesdale had been beforehand with her sou's wife. Some inexplicable feeling and impulse, which she did not care to define, had induced her to caution her daughter. "You said a thoughtless thing, Madeleine," sheremarked ; " vonshould not havo mentioned the resemblance, even if it exists. It is bad taste to make Lady B'rnham aware that we think her like the only female ancestor ol our family of whom we have any reason to be ashamed," the only one with whom an un- pleasant tradition is connected. If she asks yon anvthing about the matter, turn it off as well as' you can, and tell her you dou't know any of the particulars of the story of the French Countess." " I don't know much about her in reality, mamma, ' said Madeleine in a provokingly care less tone ; " not much more thau that she was the original of the Burnhatn ghost." " Don't talk nonsense," said Lady Maries- dale, displeased; "and mind you don't let such an expression slip before Lady Buruham. Remember she is a foreigner, and likely to be superstitions." " Very well, mamma," said Lady Madeleine. ; \- then she added, when Lady Marlesdale loft the room, " I know some one who is superstitions, and abont the Bnrnham ghost too, and who is not a foreigner." Nevertheless, Lady Madeleine obeyed her motherland when Adeline asked her the meaning of the. observation she had made, she "ave her a careless general reply, to the effect that the likeneBS was not much, but the re- semblance in hor attitude and manner of hnl. ling hack her dress was remarkable ; and that " the French countess", was a lady of that nation who h-.d married a Lord Marlesdale in the lime of Charles the First. "We were imt earls then." said Lady Made!, ine ; "she was a countess in her own right." " What was her name r " askod Lady Bum- ham. "I forced," said Madeleine. " I have heard it; hut whenever she is mentioned — which is not often, for we don't euro much to talk of her — she is called the French Countess.' ! Months elapsed after that conversation bo- j fore Ladv Burnharn returned to Burnluun . Castle : hut she had not forgotten the circntn- j stance, and site took an early opportunity of inspecting the protrr.it in question, Dhe recognised th.e likeness at once it was no fancy of Lac:y Marlesdnlo's or of Madeleine's; and Buruham recognised it also. But while Adeline was pleased and flattered, for tho beauty of the French Countess was very strik ing, her husband's indifference piqued and provoked Lady Bnrnham. " 1 do believe," she said. " you have a touch of your nother's notions on this point, and would he delighted if T could he provod like any of those pretty dolls of t'.iighsh women, | with their cliina-bhio eyes and their silly , simpers." _ _ _ Indeed, you mistake me," said Lord Bnrn ham earnestly. " Tho only woman r.s beauti ful as yon — if indeef she was that, and I ;| doubt it — who ever belonged to our family, was that lady whom you are strikingly like ; but she brought disgrace and shame with her, , Adeline, and there lias been little nt them in the history of the Burnlnuns. You can understand now why we do not much like th.e mention of tho French Connies', and why my mother, in particular, dislikes it." "Tell me th.e story." said Adeline, imperi- ou'lv ; "sit down here, nnd teil it to me at i once. I want to hear it ; must hear it." ! i She looked so beautiful, so engaging, so delightful, in her playful .operative ways, nnd with her brown eyes sparkling, partly with i curiosity and partly with scorn, that lie could licit resist. All his own reluctance, and the reluctance of his mother, were forgotten in the impulse he felt to give pic-nsure to his young wife, and he said. "I will not tell yea tho story myself, Adeline, because I should only spoil it : but I promise you shall hear it, well told, on Christmas-eve, with all the effect duo to a ghost story." "A ghost story: Is there ti ghost, then, t attached to the picture, as well as the coin cidence of my likeness to it-.' "There is," said Burnhatn, rather seriously, "ami Crawford is the oniy person I know who ' can tell tho story. So yon shall hear it on ChrLtmap-eve, just at the witching hour. My j 1 mother has a horror of its being told, hut she | will never know." i Lady Burnhatn thanked her husband with ft i sparkling smile. There was the slightest, touch | of mischief in it, but he did not perceive that; i and she protested he had given her a fresh 1 interest in tho old house. "Even when I found out there was some , ! delightful absurd mystery about a picture, I i was far from imagining I should bo so j ' fortunate as to come upon ft ghost into tho ' j bargain. Does Lady Marhsdalo believe iu ' I the ghost 1 "I rather think she does implicitly," said ! | Burnharn, demurely. ij "Flow delightful! And the pious and i exemolnrv Blanche ? " "And the pious nnd exemplary Blanche." j " Qvd bonhiur ! And you, my dear, dear, Burnharn, I will give yon sixteen kisses this , very minute if you also will confess to believing ; in the actual ghost of this" identical French i Countess.'' | " I think I could undertnke to profess any j amount of faith for the snuie consideration," j said her husband, laughing ; "but seriously,: or as seriously as possible, to be near the j truth, I thiuk I do believe in the ghost of the I French countes3, or, as they call her hereabouts, i 'the Brown Lady."' ! :! # % # I There had been a diuner-party, and the j picture-gallery was lighted ; but the guest3 j were assembled in the drawing-room, and the i family portraits hnd the gaslights all to them- ! selves, when two women emerged from the , doorcommunicating with the library, and placed j themselves opposite the portrait of the Brown i Lady. They wore Lady Burnharn and her j maid, Zelie Haret, known to the household as the " mamzell." They talked together in subdued tones, and minutely inspected the pic ture. looking at it from different points, and occasionally laughing in a suppressed but confi dential fashion. Lady Burnhatn made some memoranda on a sheet of paper, which her maid putin her pocket ; then they left the gallery as quietly as they had entered it. The servants' waggonette was ordered to be in readiness on tho following morning, to take the "mamzell" to the train for London ; nnd the "mamzell" gavetno further explanation of this unseason able jonrney thnn that she was going to town on business for her lady. At a little after eleven o'clock on Christmas- eve. when the grave and elderly portion of the gnests at Bnrnham Castle — not to be beguiled j by any sentimental idens of hearing even Christmas chimes at midnight — had retired, a selectparty occupied Lady Bnrnham's boudoir, where a superb fire and brilliant clusters of wax-lights formed comfortable accessories to j the correct and sensational narration of the . ghost-story. The party consisted of Lord and j Lady Bnrnham, Captain Crawford, and Sir > Cecil Morse, his particular friend, and a respectful but ardent admirer of Lady Bnrn ham, whom he lost no opportunity of declaring to be " a stunner." Adeline occupied a low chair at the side of the fire ; the ' light of the j dancing' flames played upon the folds of her j dress of rich bine satin and lace, and found a j thousand reflections in the jewels on her neck and arms'. She was looking down at Burn- ham, who was lying on the hearthrug, his head supported by her footstool, 'and her little Skye terrier nestling in his arms. Sir Cecil sat opposite to her ; and the story- teller walked up and down the room, in which exercise ho found much assistance and delight. "Now, then, Crawford," said Burnharn, " begin- We are all ready ; and I am in a delightful situation for shivering." " Don't spoil the effect of ray story by yonr chaff," said Captain Crawford. "I address myself solely'to her ladyship." " I am listening," said Lady Bnrnham. "The legend, .of the , Brown Lady. of Bnrn ham is in this wise," began Captain Crawford. " In the evil days of Charles the First, the earldom of Marlesdale did not exist; bnt there had been Barons of Marlesdale time out of mind, good men and true for the m.st part, and loyal alike to their friends, their country, and their king. Tho women who had cotno into the Marlesdale family by marriage or by birth had all been handsome, as yonr portrait- gallery testifies — and virtuous, as the family nntials bonst. But no woman married or born among the Marios talcs had equalled in beauty and fascination tho bride whom Jocetyn Lord Marks lain wooed and won at tho court of the French queen, Henrietta Maria. Tongues wagged wlu-n tho bride came hotno to Burn, ham, attended by a brilliant company from London, for she was ft foreigner nnd a widow." Lady Burnhatn looked up suddenly, and made Ciptain Crawford feel rather awkward ; he remembered that tho listener was also a : foreigner. j " A widow, yon sny," she asked him, " and \ n foroignc-r? Was she a Frenchwoman ?" "She was" — Lord Burnharn answered the question; — "her name was Mnrcelline do ' Senaart." Lady Burnharn said no more, and Captain Crawford continued : "The new Lady Maries, dale was popular with her Loudon frionds, and ler husband hnd an infatuated love for her, rhiclt shut his eyes to her faults and induced tim to gratify every wish she formed. Her vishes were neither few nor moderate, and j.ord Marlesdnlo's fortune soon provod inaile- ptaf.o to their demands. Lady Marlesdale, tie French Countess, as she wascallod, was the nost extravagant woman at tho court of I jueen Henrietta Marin, and her extravagance | n the expenditure of money was not the only j iliat-ge brought against her by tho country j .eighbours of Jocetyn, Lord Marlesdale, who \ L-nvied her for tho gay and brilliant life which j was beyond their reach, and hated her because ' she disliked and despised them, and suffered | Iter lord to pass but few and brief periods of : his life at Burnharn. Tito portrait in your j picture-gallery, which represents the French 1 Countess in tlie zenith of her beauty, was i painted by a famous court-painter, one Antony ; Vandyke, i.n tho third year of her marriage, j when rumours had begun to circulate about an estrangement between her nnd her hnsbnnd, mainly caused, it was said, by the determined enmity of Chnrles Raby, Lord Mariesdale's brother, who held his beuutiful sister-in-law in nhhorcnce, which people were apt to say hnd had its origin in her rejection ofltim in favour of his elder brother. Be that as it may, Charles llaby hated the French Countess, nnd betrayed to her husband, either personally or throng1', his agents, the fact of her infidelity. Tho lover for whom the French Countess deceived hor English lord was a countryman of her own, a dissolute young noble, who had come to England in tho Queen's train, and had onj >yed much of the Queen's favour. Indeed, whon tho case, fully made out, was laid before Lord Marlesdale, ho hnd the clearest conviction that the Queen, his loyally-served master's wifo, had been a consenting and assisting party in tho dishonour that had been brought upon him. Tho first step taken by Lord Marlesdale was to withdraw from the court. This lie did at some risk to his reputation ; for tho troubles of tho monarchy, the downfall of the King, were beginning, and it was a time when it bohovod true men to stand fast | to that which was falling. But Lord Marles- ' dale cared nothing for that — his life was I centred in the beautiful base woman who had I been false to him always, from the beginning. He challenged tho man who hnd wronged I him, and ran him through with his sword : this occurred on th.e old Christmas-day — the 1 (3th January — ns we style it now. The French j Countess was in attendance ou the Queen at j tho time, and knew nothing of what had | happened until the page brought her a token at supper, nnd she opened the packet laugh- ingly, amid somewhat jeering comments on the devotion of her' lord. It contained a few lines, in whilih he bade her farewell for ever, and a kerchief of her own, which her lover had worn, steeped in his heart's blood. Lord Marlesdale lived opeoly aud unmolested at Burnharn ; no effort was made to call him to account; the scandal was too flagrant. The King attempted to induce Henrietta Maria to send her infamous favonrite back to France ; hut in vain. The Queen's enemies said she was in tho power of the French G'ouutoss, and did not dare to act agaiost her ; at all events, she did not visit her in auy way with her dis- pleasura ; and when the swift-coming great troublo rose around them all like a tide, and the Queen returned to her own country, as it proved, for ever, Lady Marlesdale went with her. She was talked of sometimes in the land she had disgraced and left, and to her was justly imputed the blame of Lord Maries- dales absolute inaction in the troubles of the i great rebellion. He lived at Burnharn, and ' stnadily abstained from any participation in j the strife ; the consequence of which was, that ho suffered from both parties. King 1 Charles even made personal overtures to the sullen broken-hearted man iu vain. To all ; taunts concerning his dead-nnd-gone loyalty, I ho was content to reply with quiet acquiescence ! that it was dead nnd gone : and when an ' emissary from the King demanded an explana- ' tion, he could get no other answer than, 'Let i his Majesty ask his. own wife and mine.' He lived always at Bnrnham, a very quiet life, seeing no one hut his brother, who, n few years after Lord Mariesdale's misfortune, married a quiet woman, if one may judge by her blue-eyed portrait on the left of that of the French Countess, and who certainly left no personal history to swell the family tradi tions. Lord Marlesdale never took any further iuterest in politics or public affairs, aud even showed no emotion on hearing of the execution of the King. He took to studious pursuits, and nursed the estate oare- fully. When things were tolerably settled, and the Protector was giving promise of a long and prosperous tenure of power, Charle3 I Raby began to visit Loudon a good deal, aud ! to depart from the family tradition in politics, ! finding favour in the sight of the chief of the ! Commonwealth. He was an ambitions man, and his silent moping brother interfered .in no ' way with him, and let him do as he liked with ; the revenues of the estate. After a time it j began to be whispered aboutv— no one being able to . say where the rumour originated — ! that demands had been "made 'on Lord Marles- : dale for money, ou the part of his wife, and ' that the Queen and her friends were all ! in poor circumstances in- -France. These i demands, it was said, Lord Marlesdale had j been disposed to accede to ; but his brother had | Bcornfally derided such weakness, and reminded biin of what this woman was, in the plainest . terms. Then' the broken man yielded, and a "jTitern refusal was sent to the envoy of the French Cocntess — a slight, dark-complexioned person, distinctly foreign in nppearance, who lodged at a small hostelry a mile from tho gates of Burnharn ; the railrond passes over the site of it now. Tho man received the message and went away. A week later, Lord j Marlesdale found a folded paper on his desk, fastened with a silicon thread, and ad iressed | to him. A few words were written inside : | 'The next time i ask y>n for aid, it shall be | in person, and I will not take an answer from the tnan who slandered me, and laid your life ! waste, that he might make his inheritance j sure.' Tho reading oft his paper so shook the nerves of Lard Maries late, that he had an illness, during which his brother took pre cautions to prevent Ids being reached, either personally or by letter, without his (Charles Raby's) knowledge Time passed on, and tho story of the French Countess's message was almost forgotten, when a fresh rumour arose, to tho effect that Burnhatn Castle was haunted. Lady Marlesdale was dea l, intelligence of her death had reached England, and her husband bad seen her ghost. He was dying slowly of fear, they said, and tho French countess 'walked' in tho picture. gallery every night. Being questioned by the parson, Lir.i Marles dale, with much hesitation and evident suffer ing, acknowledged that he had seen tho nhnntotn of his wifo throe times, on each occasion in tho samo place and under similar : circumstances. He seldom left tho house now, j and it was his custom to walk up and down i tho picture- gallery in tho short twilight of the ; j winter evenings. He declared that on the i j three occasions named, he ha l seen the door j nt the end of the gallery, opposite to that ' , which communicated with the right wing of j ( the cnstle, open, and tho figure of his wife, iu j the dress and attitude of the portrait which j you know well, appear. Tho phantom came . towards him, looking straight bolero it, and holding back the satin train with the pt'eoiso gosture in tho picture. On each occasion lie ! had shrunk b>ck against the wall, and tho ; figure had passed him noiselessly, aud dis- , appeared through tho door communicating with the left wing of tho castle. Two of the servants also stoutly maintained that they had seen the ghost, but it was after dark, and . they declared that it had fiitted along tho now unused corridor, outside the deserted rooms which had formerly been the private apart- j tnents of the French Countess. Tho stir caused by all these stories was the greater , because Charles Raby hnd gono to Loudon ; sotno time before, nnd bis wife was much nlarraed and distressed at hor solitude, being : then expecting tho birth of her first child. Communication was slow in those days, and the fear which the report of the castle being I hanuted had excited, had reached panic-height , before Charles Raby was informed of it. : But when he heard tho uews his rage knew ; no bounds, and denouncing tho wliolo thing as an infamous jugglery, vowing vengeance on: its atitliors, and stigmatising the parson, who had addresssed to him a grave lengthy epistle . concerning the revelations made by Lord ! Marlesdale, as an old fool, ho travelled down to Bnrnham with all possible speed, bent on punishing everybody who presumed to believe in the ghost. " He found his brMhor much too ill to bo bullied about anything, the servants sulky and frightened, his wife dreadfully afraid of the Brown Lady, but stid more afraid of him ; and he conld get no coherent account of anything that had happened. Ha wa3 very weary too, and made up his mind to postpone any action i in the matter until the morrow. Reassured ' by her husband's presence, and suffering moro than usual from an exce3ssive drowsiness which i hnd frequently overpowered hor of late, the gentle little woman slept heavily. But sleep would not come near Charles Raby. His time of triumph was very near ; his brother was evidently dying — childless and rich ; yes, thanks to bis care and management very rich. A largo sum of money in gold was in his valise then, interest ha had been paid in London on certain moneys he had lent for the secret service of the Government, and a quantity of jewels which had been given him ns security for another sum. j " When he came to fill his brother's place, j should he cease to practice usury, he asked him self. He thought not; it was a good thing, | ami a happy, iu and station, to bo much richer . than people supposed, than even the nenrest I and dearest knew. Ho would put his foot ou all j this idle silly gossip, arising from the feeble I confusion of his poor brother's dissolving brain, to-morrow, and then look at his bright pro spects. You smile, Lady Burnharn, because I am telling you the man's thoughts; but the storv is his own. Thinking thus, he dozed ; the light which bnrnod by his bedside grew dim, and unconsciousness came, but only for a brief space. As he grew drowsy he fancied he heard the faintest rustling, like the trailing of a dress upon a matted floor. His moment ary doze was dispelled by the consciousness that there was someone near ; ho opened bis eyes, and saw the Brown Lady — saw her I distinctly at his bedside, a couple of feet re- moved from him, her head held up, her brown hair falling on her shoulders, two red roses in her right hand, and her satin train held back by tho left. Ho looked at her and she looked at him with the beautiful brown eyes she had so loved and hated, while his heart beat as if it would choke him, and his limbs grew heavy and coin. As ne tooaeu | she gilded away, and wa.s lost in the darkness ' behind the heavy velevt curtains of the bed. j Terror held him motionless for a little, and ' then' when it released him, he started up and j looked eagerly around. There wa3 nothing j there. Then apprehension and pity for his j wife kept him quiet, fierce thirst seized upon | him, and he drank off at a draught tho large ; cupful of spiced wine which, according to the fashion of tiie time, had been set ready j for him. Tlie draught soothed him strangely : j he bean to feel a curious numbness, and then ; came nothingness ; lint lie solemnly declared | afterwards that while he yet letained a little j of his senses, lie heard a low, short laugh. j " With the morning, horror and anguish I came to Bnrnham Castle. Charles Raby was found in frightful agony, succeeded by paroxysms of delirium, and tiie physicians not easily to bo got at then, fetched with the slow haste of those days — were puzzled by the case, as our wise men might he now.. It looked very like poisoning, they said : at all events it was hopeless, and in that they were right. Charles Raby died on the following night, having told, "in the intervals of relief which came 3 to him, the story I have now told von. His son was born upon the (lav of the funeral, and succeeded Jocelvn Lord Marlesdale in three months. ' Ho was a splendid fellow in his time, and the first earl." ' ; " And his .'mother r" asked Lady Bnrnhani. " Slie lived long 'and happily," said Captain Crawford, "and left in writing, together with a goodly stock of household recipes, and ono invaluable premriptiou for a cosmetic known as the ' Burnhatn biinrifior' — in which, however, voit will never ri-ipiir> to teel an iute"<?st — a prosaic, but very probable solution of tiie mystery of the Brown Lady s appear ance." " Any explanation spoils tho story," said Lord Burnhatn ; "nevertheless, tell it." " When Charles Raby's death gavo tho bewildered household leisure to attend to any thing, soriio strange discoveries wero made. The valise which had contniued the gold and jewels brought to Buruham by Lord Marb s- dale's brother was empty. Gems and other valuables had been abstracted from t ho cabhits iu Lord Mariesdale's nppartments and the long-disnsed rooms of the French Countess bad evidently been ransacked ; laces, dresses, aud ornaments had been removed. When full search had been made indoors, they : proceeded to inquiries without, and ascertained that the dark-complexioned man, of his. tinctly-foreign nppearance, who had acted. ; as the emissary of the French Countess when she made her vain application to her hu-.band, .had again appearcl in tho neighbourhood I of Burnhatn, this time accompanied by a stout serving-mail, and having in Ins possession liroo fine horses, of which one .camel the mggage. Their arrival hnd been simultaneous vitli the journej' of Charles Rah)- to London, 1 ,nd they iiad taken their departure at day. j irealt on tho morning after his return, long j leforo any intelligence of the trouble at tho lastle bad penetrated to the village. No iuspicion attached to them, no effort was made 0 trace tbetn ; but the narrative of Charles Rally's widow declares that these two men look shipping from France to Southampton, i mil that on the night at'tor they sailed the ship was wrecked ill the Channel, and many of the | lead bodies washed ashore. One ot these was j discovered to be the corpse of a woman j disguised iu male attire ; and though it i never was identified, and the woman and child on whom the station and the responsibility of the Marlesdales had devolved were too weak anil to timid too investigate the matter which concerned thorn so nearly, at the cost of angering gieat personages in France, the j widow never had any doubt but that the drowned woman was Lady Marlesdale. You understand it all now, Lady Buriiliuni, of course, and see how easily so infernal a device might havo been carried through when com munication between England and France was | slack and vague. Besides, there is a good deal I in wishing a tiling which one hears may be true. J The false news ol the French Countess s death I had been too welcome to he received with distrust. Mv storv is told, Lady Burnhain : 1 hope you am pleased." But Adeline looked serious and perplexed. " So it was not a ghost after all ; only n living woman who. robbed and murdered ? But how, then, do people still believe in tho ghost ? Why do they sny she walks iu the the picture-gallery evaryy enr at Christmas time I And why, may I ask, Captain Crawford, is this story supposed to he //oe/' .especial property ? "I will answer your ladyship categorically," Slid Captain Crawford. " People believe in the ghost because, in the first plnce, they have 1 heard the story, and not its explanation ? and ; in tho second, becauso they' prefer to believe ' in it. They say the ghost walksi n the picture- 1 gallery at Christmas-time because it is pleasant and exciting to sriy so, nnd quite the j correct thing for n country house. But they I believe it. too. I venture to say you would I find it difficult to persuade any of the party assembled in this house to-night to go into the picture-gallery nlo-.io after dark, especially on Twelfth-night. Finally, tho story is mine, be cause tho first earl's mother was also rny mother's ancestress, and some of her papers are still in the possession of my family." "Thank yon, Captain Crawford; you havo thoroughly satisfied ray curiosity." "And tired her out," said Lord Burnharn, scrambliog up from tho hearthrug. "Come and havo a cigar." Left by herself, Lady Burnharn sat in the samo attitude by the boudoir firo. But hefr face was thoughtful, and her eyes wero bent on tho rod-hot cavern formed by the glowing coals. " How very strange !" she was thinking ; " I might have known all this, if papa had ever thought our old family history worth looking into. I wonder what our version of it is ; brutal ill-usage on the part of the huui nnjlais, no doubt, ntid splendid devotion to , the fallen fortunes of the daughter of Henri j Quatre. Marcelline do Beaucour, Comtesse i de Senaart — how very, very odd ! It would : never do to let Lady Marlesdale kuow that 1 j have a good right to resemble the portrait of I the French Countess. Shall I tell Bnrnham ? j No, not yet ; it would spoil tho fun. How I much amused he will be ! And Captain Craw- i ford — how delighful if hi is persuaded into ! believing in the ghost !'" | The thoughfulness was gone, and her bright I faco bad no look in it but of girlish glee as j she summoned Zalie and proceeded to impart I to her as much as she thought fit of the story J of the French Countess. i i. v 1 " Rather awkward, wasn't it, Craw ?" said SirCecil Morse to Captain Crawford, after Lord Burnharn had left them, and they were fondly lingering over the ashes of their cigars and the embers of the smoking-room fire. " What ?" asked the Captain, curtly. " The explanation to Lady B. about the queer countess being a Frenchwoman, eh "r" " Well, it was a little ; fact is, I forgot about herself for the minute. " Jolly woman, Cecy ; not a bit superstitious. I don't know that it would do to tell ber the other tag to the story though." " What's the other tag ?" asked Sir Cecil in j a sleepy tone. i " Jnst this : people who believe in the ghost, j have it that, as the succession from father to | gon was broken by the first importation of a foreign wife among the Marlesdales, so it will go away from this branch altogether by a second. Shouldu't like to try her nerves with that, eh ? " "/shouldn't mind," said SirCecil; "she's much too plncky to care — a stunner like hir! ' (To be continued. j Wesleyas. — Silas Gill, who may be described as the apostle of Methodism on the Macleny, died last Thursday morning suddenly, He had been engaged in arduous work up to Monday ni"ht. His labours in the cause of Christianity in the Camden, Hunter, Hastings, and Macleay districts, during the past thirty years, 'were un remitting — Telegram to S. J/. Herald. The Wagga "Wagga Show. — The Wagga Waqcja. Advertiser referring ' to tho recant cxhibiuon of tho Mnrrumbidgoo. Pastoral Association says: — Turning to tho exhibits, wo lmvo to give tho palm us to quantity, and all through, as to quality to tho slieop. Tho owners of theso showed a great improvement upon last year's turn out in sending a goodly number to ho exhibited, ex hibiting some really lino sheup worthy of tho district, nnd of their own names ns broodor-. Mr. Gilbert's ( Wnrivilhdil mnrino ram, which obtained the Champion Prize ns tho host ram in tho yard, maintained tho high nama of his for tunate possessor to the f n I lost extent. Soma lino merino slieop were also shown by Mr. flenty, Roundhill ; Mr. Cochran, Widgiewa ; und Mr. Ilnmmoiid, Jnnce ; nnd Mr. Lnvondnr's display I nf Romnny .Marsh sheep was uracil ndinircd. I Tho show of cattle though not so good ns tho I slieop ono was nevertheless, beyond that to ba , seen nt most, shows. Indeed the quality of tho | cattle exhibited was unquestionable); but, with I iho exception of perhaps, Mr. R. M' In tyro's two I b ii 1 1 3 — tho Duke of Dcrrinuit and Earl of Morton, there was not a boast in show condition j The exhibits in iiorsos both blood and draught, | wero poor. M. J. J. Donnelly's (North Junce) i blood Napoleon was in henutiful futile, but np- I poared a .-nmewii.it lie ivy-looking horso for n racer : and Mr. J. Kejohran's draught stallion Tlie Laird, was n lino specimen of his clnss. Tim show of hacks nnd buggy Iiorsos was in different. — Tim Express remarks that, "owing to the refusal l>v tho Committee of tho Association 0 furnish tho press with any particulars of tho ixhibits until after tho awards of the judges wero made public, it is obviously impossible to outer .1 pon a detailed report of tho animals shown in the various classes. Tito awards in some sections were' not made until Into in tho dny, whon there was not time for more than a very brii f examina tion of the exhibits. When tho ndvnntnges which the association may be supposed to derive from publicity being given to its movements tiro con sidered, it would appear ill-advised to plnca obstacles in tho way of tho press, hut apart from this, it is certainly a mistake to mnko a rule which is, wo beliorc, not followed by any other kindred association. If tho association - published a catalogue to ho distributed immedi- atoiv upon the awards of tho judgosRoing made public, the necessity for access to tho entry- book would bo removed. No such catologue, however, is procurable, "so that there is of course a groat obstnelo in tho way of obtaining sncit particulars ns are absolutely necessary to tho production of a fub report. DifmiENCH or Opinion. — Tho Wagqa Wagga Advertiser n-forring to Mr. A. F. Rommington's ontortaiumont says : — " Tho first of tho drawing room entertainments given by Mr. A. F. Rem- mingtnn, in aid of tho library of tho Mechanic's Instrtutc, catno oft" on Wednesday evening. Considerable interest hnd br-eti mani fested in tho announcement of Mr; Rem- mirigton's appearance nmengst ns us un elocutionist, and as it consequence tho hall of tho institute wtis well filled long before tho hour named for tho commencement. Expectation was pitched high, owing to the noticos in tho press upon Mr. Rommington's performances olsewhoro, and it must bo admitted, that however much tho lnrgc nndionco looked for, tho result of his efforts here, left no trnco of disappointment. In his j selections for reading nnd recitation, Mr. Rem- | tnington, whilst giving many well-known and favourito pieces with elocutionists, wont out of tho honton track and introduced some rare getns of poesy which had tho charm of novelty for a good many of his nndionco. Tho general truth- fullness of his conception in these as well ns in J the selections more familiar to the general render 1 was ns marked as his exquisite rendering. Tho I most prominent feature in tho first part of tho 1 programme wus tho " Bells," and in this it wasovi- ! dont we had Mr. Rommington's favourite oxorciso ' of the art of which ho is so much thn master, tho I powers of his fino voice being hero displayed to 1 advantage. Thero are somo who will of courso . mako comparisons, nnd those who hnvo boon favoured with tho opportunity of hearing such men as Montgomery trad Bellow rccito this grand poom judge by a high standard. It is but simplo justice to Mr. Remmington to say, that j even from those of his audionco so favoured we I hnvo hoard much by way of commondation." — The Wagga Wagga Express taking an opposite viow says : — " Mr. Romraington largely affects the stylo of Montgomery, and one ot his readings "Tho Bells," is n servile copy of tho tricks which distinguished the tragedian, unen livened by any of the accompanying genius. But Mr. Remmington admires the trick of in tonation which was so effective in Montgomery's wonderful reading of Poe's poem, so much so, indeed as to import it into many of his readings, in which it is very inappropriate. The conse quence is that Mr. Remmington's other readings bear a marked resemblance to his "Bolls," and, tho latter though fairly rendered, is hardly a master-piece of elocution." New South Wales at Philadelphia.— A very general feeling exists tliut Mr. Joubert has been somewhat cavalierly treated by the Commis sioners nppointod to nrrange for the representa tion of this colony at tho Philadelphia Exhibition. It is thought that his services in tho past de manded at least that ho should havo been offored tho post of representative of New South Wales at Philadelphia. At tho samo time no one doubts that Mr. Robinson is eminently qualified for the work.— Athenwum. Deep Sinking. — The Molboupno correspondent of tho Ballarat Courier says : — " Quito a sensation has been excited by tho receipt of a telegram announcing that stone hud been discovered in tho Magdala Quartz Mining Compuny's claim, Pleasant Creek at a depth of 167" feet. Tho tele gram, runs ns follows : — " Struck stone this morning on bottom of shaft, 2k feet thick, very solid; at present only small portion visible, will take threo shifts to uncover reef," It will bo seen that nothing appears yet to be known as to the character of the quartz thus struck in what is, I believe, thedoepest shaft in tho colony; but there is no doubt that if fortunately it should provo to contain gold in payable quantities tho discovery is one of the highest importance, as it cannot fail to give on enormous impetus to deep sinking on the various gold- fields of this colony. 