NOTES AND EVENTS. HE.RING of reasons against the forfeiture of the license of Frederick Clifford, for 20 acres of land at Irrcwillipe is fixed for the 10th of February at the Land Board, to be held at Colac on that date. The following applications have been made for the renewal of rural store licenses under the 47th section of the Land Act of 1S69 in Colac for the year 1875:-J. Anderson, rural store, Elliminyt; Mary Baker, ditto, Colac; John Bartlett, ditto, Elliminyt; Thomas Baker, do, Colac; John Bowsheher, do, do; A. Begley, do, do; Rebecca Bart lett, do, 'do; James Bartlett, do, do IIenry Berry, procuring salt, Ondit; J. T. Car penter, rural store, Colae; John Considine, do, do; Maria T. Cook, do, do; Ann Casey, do, do; Thomas Cranston, do, do; Elizabeth Dowling, do, do; X. Demitte, rural store, Birregurra ; Joseph Duncan, do, Mt. Gelli brand; Bridget Dwyer, do, Colac ; Patrick Egan, do, do; Martin Fogarty, do do; M. Glynn, ditto, Irrewarra; Jolin Gaylard, do, Colac; George Gaylard, do, Lo ; Robert Grant, senr. 'do, Ondit; Will dbdley, do, Elliminyt' Edward Gainble, brickmaking, Colac; Caroline Gaylard, rural store, do; Annie Hamilton, do, do; Bridget Hayes, do, do; M. O. Hayes, do, do; Henry Hall, do, do; A. Hillhouse, do,. do; John Howarth; do, do; Mary Hayes, do do; Margaret Hart, do; Elliminyt'; Lois Jordan, do, Birregurra. Licenses under section 19 notified in Fri day's GOzette as approved in Colac':--A. DB Morris, 79a. 3r. 36p., rent £4, license fee £1; Win. Cooney, 30a., rent £1 l0s; license fee £l. The license of John Egan, seon., for 51a Ir 1Gp, parish of Carpendeit, and the land declared open for selection on and after Fri day; the 12th'instant. A scratch match was played on the ground of the Colac Cricket Club by the members on.Saturday last between sides chosen by Messrs Calvert and Greene, the former proving. victorious. A meeting was held on the ground after the match, when it was decided to reduce the annual subscription from .01 Is to 10s. This is a step in the right direction. Messrs Hearn and James Calvert were elected members of coninittee in the place of Messrs Swindley and Blu den resigned, in consequence of leaving the district.: We. are informed that 'a very large bush fire is raging-near the Barwon, about three miles fromi Birregura. Last ntight the tops of 'the trees were plainly" visible from the road.' This afternoon a very large firewas blazing away near ir E.. Sheabhn's' pad dock, near Tarnalla. ?.Dense volumes of nimoke were to be seen hloveiing about the township n coinscquqence of it This firt broke out in Christid's'pasddck'on Saturday ait, ind has bccn burninig ever shinens , The Camuperdown and Colac cricketers will nmeet in friendly rivalry on the ground of the latter clu on Saturdlay next. Play will conuence at 12 o'clock noon. The Colic team will be chosen from the follow ing :-Messrs Jas.. Calvert, Greene, HM. M[urray, A. Murray, C. Murray, Tioins, Hears, Vitclh, W\\\yte, Matthews, Dyke, W?illis, Danaller, and Were. The following is a list of the Camnperdown players :-Messrs P. Tait, A. Scott, 'rhoruton, hienry, Colburn, Cotter, Duigan, W. Wiggins, Andersomi, W. M'.Donald, and W. lBramley. Umpire, A. 1'. Wright. The Mortlake correspondent of this day's Hampdlen Guardian states that Mlounted constable.Hole, who has been stationed at that place for some months, was arrested oil Friday last, charged with having cousnmitted a forgery at Digby somie five or six years since. To-morrow evening the Colac Harmonic Society will hold a meeting to take into consideration the advisability of ceither wind ing up the society or carrying it on more energetically. All nmembohrs-non-perforim ing as well as performing-are invited to attend. Inl consequence of the Oddfellows' hall being occupied on Wednesday evening, the meeting will be held at the Temperance Hall, at 8 p.Im. A full attendance is ear inetly desired, and it is to be hoped that vigorouss means will be adopted in order to secure the well- being of the society. The last Goacto' contains an: alteration "in the Land Rhegulations. Foroms arc lpublished to be furnished by selectors, giving par licsula's of oinýr,, nrI? )1.5tl.!o sire to to the EC ' E IJEST. rwardo. The Crow 1 1 rl' estorer is a fi' 0so00ns, Poumadle whic?/ positively restores I hair to its natt Il col or, eradicates s e.- drift, orcvents adiducss, and has mie ia the oblectleis:le le proCerties or unpll0 s ess in tuse f liquids. iFor sale its and where at :Js ? andul s pelobottle. Tlhe Cro 'i Toilet Soap, fragrant, 'record lient, inex essive delicately lperfume free firo 'Alkali, possessing all tb itment pcrties lIcdulatod to render the skit oven if and sm t otlls; an( to preserve it in a ht cases, conldit 'l to/ prevent all eruptiono allo.y rjrr lionl, removinlg the efli sudden cl anoes of weather.' It is a lable fdl/ itoluible housoehlol req S For osie veryhliese, Gd per tablet. / , Ask for the 'eperCs Crown Perfumery Co's l'erfulme iae :1, ooir Vfhitsnlteisobtohnsinroe'reat'aesr he had been working. A boy named Har rison, only 8 years of age, who was in the habit of supplying the men with milk, saw the watch and chain, and took it away. He brought it home, and gave it to his mother. She told him that he must take it back again, but neglected to send hime with it The police called at the house this afternoon, and Mrs Iarrison handed the watch to them. The boy was questioned about the matter and admitted having taken the watch. He was accordingly taken and put ill the lock-up, charged with the theft. Chosts and apparitions and wraiths are mostly numbered with the superstitions of the past, but (says the E'vening Post) at times even modern practical-minded persons are startled with something of the sort. When near the hour of midnight-being an appro priate time-a ghost-like figure was seen, clothed in a winding-sheet, gliding about by Scott's parade, at the sight of which timid females fled, and men not too stout-hearted passed in dread. The other night a Mrs Dunstan was frightened into fits by the visi tor from the other world, and remained un conscious for some hours, before she could be restored. Whether there be mortal bones beneath that garb of white, or whether there be but the thin vapour of a spirit, we may assure our unearthly visitor, who comes alone and is therefore a hatter, that when Dunstan comes back his name had better be Walker, or he will not trouble the people of Scott's parade with his stupid eccentricities for some time to come. Modern science, a la Tom Sayers, has done more to expound the mysteries of the supernatural, than all the philosophy of Christendom. The following insolvent's schedule has been filed in Warrnambool :-Jas. Lafferty, musician, Warrnambooll; liabilities, £13 17s 4d; assets, £5 ; deficiency, £48 17s 4d; causes of insolvency, having been unable to collect monics from the Belfast Volunteer corps due for salary as bandmaster, and bad debts. A meeting of creditors will be held on Wednesday, 10th Februnary. Mr A. B. Mackay is the olficial assignee. The Wimncra corrcspondcnt of the Plea 8ant Creek rNews writes :-On the PRichard son and -\immera, the intenso heat last week has given place to a light and partial rainfall, and a cool steady south wind. It is hoped that the maximnsun of heat has passed for this season. The intense suffer ings by thirst during the heat may be im agincd, when it is stated that some men actually drank three gallons of water per diem for three or four, days. Of course where tihe water was bad, men, women, and children suffered severcly. Lastweek, three mobs of fine cattle were brought from the Richardson selections, -owing to want of water, some were being taken to Hamilton, others to the Ballarat district. Daily, mobs of sheep are travelling soutthwards, This has been a busy month for farmers and carriers carting wheat. Farmers' find that as they can do nothing at present on the land, it pays them to cart their wheat to Ballarat, at a difference of Is 6d per bushel from the price obtained at the local markets of Horsham and St. Arnaud is a good preminumn,. The Ballarat Codurtler states tlhat '"a very pretty phenomenon was observable in the north-eastern pai?t of the sky on Wednesday evening. It consisted of several streamers of transparent clouds, resembling in form thie Aurora Australis, and extended across more than half tile are of the sky from tile horizon. The plheiomesnon lasted up todusk, and was observed by a considerable number of persons. It was said that similar tmrn sparencies were visible just before the hlot weather of last week set iL" - SThe city of Boston, in tihe Unlited States, true to its ancient traditions, has alhvays re garded education as a public duty, and while leaving adults to go to church, chapel, or nowhere, just as they pleased, has in sisted upon children of all classes being sent to either puldlie or private schools; and any urchiu behtween the age of five and fifteen found out of school in school hours is fortlh with compelled to give a good reason for his absence, or is suhjected to some puonishment. So strictly is this carried out that, oat.of 45,970 children witlhin tlse specified age, no fewer than 42,470 are registered as scholars. Of the reomanmder nbt in schools, 1149 are only five years old, and 1419 tuflie4 foorteen, have passed through the primary schools, and are helping to get their own livintg. Of children over fifteen there are 4343 in various schools. Bostonishs may well be proud. of their intelleetisal supremacy when they tiake such pains to secure it.--- Bookeller. Mr Ellery and hiss assistants have by no means completed tlthur labors yet o?er tlhe transit of Venus operations (says the Herald), which hIave caused hard and almhnost incessant work day and night, long after tle planmet has gone ite wsy for thle time being. Mel; I bourne is tihe central station for the receipt) of observations in this qsuarter of thle globe. ) The observations are, lhowever, not digested, or sununarised here, but are simply for warded to Europ6e Mor Elllary hopes to be I able to visit Europe next ydar, for the pdut iosc' of eosisloaring thi notes h;lus nuitidd during his long coureer of obser;ratioi intifths 1 coosotty with those of jos tervel at the othir sidc of tlis "sOi'lC% . Some impbrtant (says Saturdsy's Adrer-. dlser) official changes have been made'at the Lands Office. Mr Sturgess, who for a long time has performed the duties of draughts man, has received the appointment of district surveyor at Warrnambool, and Mr Joseph Thomas has been promoted to the position he formerly occupied. Mr M'Lacblan, dis trict surveyor, has been transferred to an other district, and Mr Clinch, of Melbourne, has.beeni appointed to the vacancy as acting district surveyor. Mr Shattock will perform the duties of clerk. Oni Thursday the Roman Catholics of Bal larat presented their new Bishop with a very handsome carriage and pair, and the clergy availed themselves of the opportunity to present Iime with a purse of 200 sovs. The presentations werec made at St. Patrick's Cathedral in the presence of a large attend auce of clergy and members of time denomi nation. It is stated that at Back Creek, near Ben digso, there is an old lady who call remember the rebellion in Ireland, and the Independent states she delights in dilating upon the cir cumstances connected with that event. She is 114 years old. On Saturday night last Mr M'Kee, mana ger of the local branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank (states the J.lsurra Tiismes) took home with him the proceedsof the day's sales at thle Church of England Bazaar. While sitting down to count the money the window in his room was smashed, and a rush was made at the same moment for the door. The door, however, was fortunately, fast cued, and so the robbers, who probably hoped to succeed in snatching away the money oil the table during the confusion caused by the attack on the window, were foiled. Mr M'Kee, taking a revolver, went outside, but the rmilians had decamped, and nothling has since been heard of them. Our (:lge) Berwick correspondent, 'under date 28th Janusary, writes :-The remainssof 'tie trooper lost in the Dandonong ranges some twelve years ago are supposed to have been found on Friday, tie 22nd inst., in a t ense scrub on the Cockatoo Creek, about a mile front where his horse and saddle were found. Thlle remains were found by Mr G. hobinson's surveying party, on5 one of their lines, and close to the creek, alongside a die Scyed wattle-tree, which is supposed to have f fallen and killed hitm. The boses were seat tered ; abundance of fresh water shells were 5iaround the spot, as if he had been living ip upon the lish. The articles which may lead I to identification are a tis billy and a panmi e kin, very much rusted, and the sight of rlwhich in such a spot led to the discover-'. ~ They also found, oil stirring the soil, a por 9 tion of a buckle, two clay pipes, a piece of a !shirt and cloth, supposed to be of a cott, I! both dropping to pieces on being lifted; a piece of buckskin, such as is used in strap" ping riding pants, and also buttons used oi them; a riding- boot, with the stitching all gone, the sole being seme distance from the leg of the boot. The supposed height of the remains, 5 ft. 6 or S in. The Berwick conl stable, accompanied by Mr Robinson and Mr Creighton, went up on Tuesday, the 26th inst. Local bodies at a distance from the main centres of population must find lunatics a somewhat expensive encumbrance, judged by the following facts as given in the Ben digo Adrertiser:--" The Swan-hill District Road Board have recently had the responsi bility of a lunatic named Bridget Campbell on their hands. The following is the cost of her transmission from Cowana to Sandhusst, a distance of 300 miles :-Coach fare to Swan hill, 212 miles, £4 ; constable in charge, £8 ;i rations supplied at Cowana, 14th to 17th, 2s1 G6d per day, 10s; dinner at Maller Clippi Hotel, 18th, 2s Gd ; tea at Euston 19th, breakfast 20th, 5s; dinner at Maroug 20th, I 2s Gd; rations at Swan-hill, eight days, ate Is Gd per day, 12es; Dr M'Itntyre's fee for exanining lunatic, £1 s ; coach-fare fromi Swan-hill to Sandhurst, £3; do for constable, and attendant, £6G; do back again, £6; wages of attendant, £22s. Sandhurst : Cabi fare from Pall Mall to Bendigo Lunatic' Ward, 2s 6d ; do lunacy ward to City Court, 5s ; Dr Cruikshank, medical examination,a £1 s ; Dr Hincheliffe, do, .£1 s ; attendant: from Sandhurst to Kew Asylum, 15 ; freshments, 3s; cab from Spencer-street to; Kew Asylum, 10s; total, as passed correct, £35 12s 6d." The Casllemaisne Representative states tlhatl Miss Benbow purposes leaving Victoria, and willr'sail in the St. Osyth on Saturday for Europe. Miss Benbew intends to dcvdte herself to the study of fine art. Every artist who has gone home has found a wider a-id better field for his or her ability in Greiat Britain than Victoria can at present afford. At least, such is the opinion of the majority of artists, who consider colonials wanting in discerninent. ' The action of the Government (say:' Saturday's Age)' in failing to reinstate a number of gentlemen on the magisterial roll because they neglected to somewhat lower. their dignity by answering a list of catechis mal questions, has, the Star states, oc casioned musch adverse criticism. In somee instances, too, promises have beetn made by the head of the Crown Law department to reinstate several heretofore justices of tlhe peace, and also to place on the roll the names of gentlemen eminently qualified for the position of J.P., but the promises ha-e not been fulfilled. The Geelong Advertiser says :--His Excel lency the Marquis of Normanby is evidently a mnan who believes in having full value for his penny. He was taken over' from Sydney to Auckland in the Hero, and on arrival at tihe last mentioned place, feeling aggrieved at not having had sufficient cabin space al lotted to himself and suite, lie laid an infor mation against Captain Logan, for a breach of tlie Colonial Passengers' Act, antl thle re: sult was the authorities at Auckland finding that according to' their owi standard of mea. suirement for passenger space, tlere was an excess of 15 poasengers in the saloon, or dered Captain Logan to pay a fine of £10 in each instance, or £150 it all. The onurious portlio qf the affair is that theHero is sup posed to have accommodation for 90 passen gsr-, and during the Marluis of Normanby's trip she lhad ossly l5. Captain Logan hla accordingly lodged"I s appeal, and sto ssp port this he intends to get the steamer re measured, bothilhere and it Sydney. . A gentleman who arrived peor Leiohalrdt, from Cooktown, says tile Brsbanse Courier describes tihe heat as almost something sn endurable. In au ordinarily cool house the glass stood at 120 degrees the day previous to hIis departure. The miortality on tihe field, arising chiefly from. dlysentery, is somethling terrible. The men are dying like rotten sheep, It is lhoped that the recbrd of suchl facts as these will lelp to.deter aty furtlser exodus until the proper seasons. hfie Geeloq Adveer-ises learns from . thel Courier that "Dr. O'Connor; Catholic bishop of Ballarat, has 'ven hIis patronage to the forthcoming picnicm of the Ballarat Christittu Doctrine Society, and intends to accompany the excuirsion to Geelong on Wednesday next. Nothilg but a fair day is wanted'to make the affair a perfect success. About 2000 persons are expected to travel on the occasion.?' The Ballrat E ventig Post learns, and o very;good authlority, that it is the itsentio of the Eduction Department not to permi MsrlHiginbothafni't' :motion re teachers salhes to affect: th'e'iiuoomes of teachers i eept of £30fLpii numnn,- and upwards, bs'C to dividke the ?nsos-lus of those vo inomes are below'300 vlichielit is calulated wvill benefit such teao6hera by an additioi to their .alaries of at'least 20 per cent. Unlessi there dshaildbe b timely do'snpomr, says the Border Post of the 27th iast.; tho quantity of witne in thle Albury district will eonsiderably fall short of last year's yield; The gsra-pes are not so large or luscious as in nores fav-ored seasomnsa l- tile slin will bc mnch tlhidked' Inded, it: its feared that tlhet, grapes will be cliefly composed of skin an'd soeds. In the Murlsmayly iVally iyard tlie caves are beginning'to wVither" and fall offn i thie grepes are. ripenng, andi tlosd of this" ilbtk lcspcc l'st'r fTust coloring. Thisis iot 3 cteering ititelligence to convey, alld "ihat is; still Sors-; tlhidre'iLrc mo idicslltiotri of rin~. Fe tf55 Meetings of creditors were held on? nesday last before the Chief Clerk in s vencv, Warrnambool, in the estates of Wim. - Searlett, and of Hugh MI'Lean. In the former a few debts were proved and thea' m meeting closed. In the latter the meeting I : closed, no debts being proved. Mr Scarlett informs us ( h'asrrnambool Statndard) that he . had a composition of lOs in the £ to the 3 Warrnamnbool creditors prior to the meeting ; if they would take the estate out of the Conrt, and that lie would have conmnunicated this offer to his creditors had they attended the i meeting. IHe also states that he is still pre pared to make the same offer to his creditors had they attended the meeting. Some will resmember that on a former occasion, vwhlen ' his premises were burned dosln, he paid 10s . in the £, and subsequently paid in full. ' The Bendigo Adverltiser says :-" Tie voliunteer encampment which has heretofore been held during Easter week, will, w e be lieve, not take place this year, the inclemency of the weather at that season having repeat edly militated against its success. The volunteer force will, it is expected, be called out for a grand field-day on Easter Monday, in which the different arms of the service will be called into requisition." We rather like the subjoined extract. It °' is the end of a leader in the Tarrengoteer T''ieo, and is, wethink, a not improper way of winrding-up a long editorial career, and none the worse for being unusual :-"Thel writer takes a kindly farewell of 'Maldon as a journalist, shortly as a townsman. He has since the 8th of December, 1853, seen the ups and the downs of Maldon (hais shared i any quantity of the latter, but as Jullus Brown says, ' IIa, , no matter,') and has altogether had his cake, and we have all heard that it is somewhat difHicult to have your cake and cat it too. Into other hands i he gives his pen ; unto others lie resigns the sternsheets, and to one and all of old Mal donia, he takes a kindly farewell, thankful for great forbearance, and hopeful that inlhis day and generation he has not been altoge thier a mistake, but has within his own sphere of usefulness done at least soime little gosd for the place and its people; and, wishing with the last drop of his--ink, that the jolly old town lie helped to found will yet again, as in days gone by, hiol her owns with the best quartz mining districts in the country. It seems to be a matter of almost certainty that such is bound to be the case, now, at once, or in the iimmediate future. It is no use attempting to disguise the fact that the above is a conglomerated jumble, something like that which so often puzzles our mining mates. The apology is that it is the first time in this country (or any other for the matter of that) that the writer lias had to recognise and appreciate the wondrous meaning spoken in the word 'Farewell.' " The JI. A. Malil throws this further light on the matter :-- "Mr John Tate, the senior ipartner in the Tarrengower Times, has relin 1quished his pen as editor of that journal." , 