A TRAGEDY OF THE SEA. The British ship Euxine, bound from North Shields for Aden, was destroyed by fire in the South Atlantic in August last. The crew took to the boats, which soon separated from each other. The oc cupants of one boat lost all their provi sions and water, and after endiuing the pangs of hunger for some lime, drew lots to decide which of them should be killed to preserve the lives of his companions. The lot fell upon an Italian sailor, who was killed and cut up. Only a few hours afterwards the others were picked up by j the Dutch ship Java Packet. The Ea tavia ' Handlesbad' of the 3rd inst. says : —" For several days they had eaten no thing, and had endeavoured to quench thirst by sea water, so that one of them, wholly exhausted, strove to stab himself in despair. He was, however, restrained by the others, who proposed that, consi dering the circumstances, it should be de cided by lot which of the six should be the first victim to save his comrades for awhile from death by hunger. In con formity with this plan, six pieces of wood of varying length were cut; the mate held them in his hand, and each of the men drew out one; he who drew the longest was to fall. Francis Shufus, an Italian, was the unfortunate whom the lot assigned for it. Meekly and without a murmur he submitted, and soon he gave up the ghost under the knife of his hungry fellows. Some hours afterwards, and when they had just commenced their hor rid meal, a sail was sighted on the horizon, whither their course was immediately shaped. On the evening of the same day—August 31—the five rescued per sons, completely exhausted, reached the deck of the Java Packet. Capt. Trap pend and his subordinates immediately did all tliey could, by careful treatment, to make the five unfortunates forget as much as possible the misery suffered. Yesterday they were brought here, natu rally destitute of everything, and are liv ing in a sailors' lodging-house near the wharf. Their names are James Archer, second mate ; August Muller, Victor Sandstorm, Manus Schutt, and Ale::, ander Vermeulin, sailors. The remain ing comi'ades in ihe two other boa;shave, according to a Lloyd's telegram of to-day, arrived at St Helena, without accident." 