Casting away a Vessel so as to Endanger Life. The main features of the evidence have al ready been placed before our readers. At the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions, on Thursday June 1st, before Mr. District Court Judge Dowling, Dnnicl Macquarie, George Budge, and Edward 'Wpolmer were charged, first, with having, on tho 21st of May, unlawfully j attempted, and endoavoured feloniously, unlaw fully, and maliciously, to destroy the steam launch Bonito, the property of Shepherd Smith, so that the life of John Mason was endangered ; secondly, with having assaulted, beaten, and ill fr.r*»ntorl f.h*» Knirl -Tnlm Alimnn; find fiirfchor. fnr having assaulted and imprisoned the said John Mason. Defendants pleaded not guilty. Mr. W. J. Forster prosecuted for the Crown. Tho following were the counsel engaged iu the case : — For Mr. Macquarie, Mr. Pilcher, in structed by Mr. Gannon ; for Mr. Budge, Sir George Innes, instructed by Sladu and Smith ; ! for Mr. 'YVoolmer, iVtr. Buchanan, instructed by Mr. It. B. Smith. For the prosecution, Mr. Windeyor assisted the Crown Prosecutor. The Court, it may be mentioned, was crowded during the hearing of the caic, showing the pub lic interest that was taken therein. The Crown Prosecutor opened the case by describing1 the difforent charges contained in the information, and said if tho offence had beoa completed, and tho launch destroyed, defendants ?would|Uave been guilty of felony. They were, however, charged with the misdemeanour of at tempting to destroy a vessel, so as to endanger the life of John Mason. The jury must bb satis fied in the first count that they intended to de stroy 1he vessel, by which life might have been endangered. He was taken hold of, and to a certain eitent ill-treated — this charge being con tained in the second count. If it had not for tiinntely occurred that Mr. Mason was rescued, the vessel, in all probability, would have been destroyed, and his life endangered. Mr. Foster then proceeded to narrate the circumstances of tho casa — to Mason's going, at the instance of the manager of the Bank of New South Wales, down the harbour during the day, so that de fendant Macquarie might have the use of the launch for an excursion ; to the return to town, and tho demand of Mr. Mason for possession according to the authority shown in the morn ing ; to the impediments put in. the way of the security clerk of tho bank, iu retaining the launch; and to his being at last set adrift by himself, with the steamer going full speed ahead, after having: been assaulted and beaten, as stated in the second and third counts, The Crown Prosecutor then described the highly criti cal position of Mr. Mason, the launch going full speed to certain destruction across the harbour, had it not been that Mr. Mason possessed some knowledge of steering. If they believed that all or any of i.he defendants started tho launch with the intention to destroy it, the first count would be decided ; and if it had beeu destroyed there could be no manner of doubt as to th» danger to the life of Mr. Mason. Mr. Mason was per fectly helpless as regarded the eugines and their working ; and the scientific evidence as to the condition of tho fires and boilers would show them that the destruction of the vessel and its occupant was inevitable. And he had eren been deprived of tho red and green lights, so that the daugor was much increased, Mr. Mason went round the Scotland, and having at last attracted attention, was rescued. The case was one of a very strong character, most reckless and without par.dlel. Not only was Mr. Mason's life alone endangcio'i, but the danger of collision with harbour gc.'amers was very probaole. To con vicb the defendants on any or either of the counts they must be satisfied beyond all reasonable doubt that the charges specified therein had been made out. The jury retired about ten' minutes past six o'clock, and a few minutes after it was an nounced that one of the jurors had taken an epileptic fit. The Judge directed that a medical man be sent for. Dr. Pattison arrived, and at tended to tlie juror, who soon recovered. At twenty-five minutes past seven o'clock, the jury returned into Court. Tho foreman, on the usual questions being put to the jury, said that, on the first couut, they found .Macquarie, not guilty of a wilful or malicious jintcut. Hie Houor asked the Crown Prosecutor whether he would accept the verdict of the jury as one of not guilty. Mr. Po rater said he would wait to see what the verdicts on the other counts were1. ? The jury then gave their findings on the other counts, and against the other defendants — Mac- quario guilty on the second aud third ; Budge not guilty of malice or intent on the first count, but guilty on tho second and third ; Woolmer not guilty on the first count of n-jlfulor malici ous intent, and not guilty on tho second and third counts, The Crown Prosecutor said that with regard to the finding the three defendants in the first coSnt of doing an ace without malice or wilful intent, he thought that he might conclude that the defendant committed the act spoken of in the first count without malicious intent. Ho would, therefore, on the first count, accept their verdict as one of not guilty. Woolmer having, thorefore, beoa found not guilty on nil throe counts, was discharged. His Honor, addressing Macquarie, said that the ijury had found him not guilty of the first and 'niost grievous charge, aud guilty of common .assault and assault with forced imprisonment — h. verdict in which he entirely agreed. He could assure him that it gave him great pain to pass sentence upon him. The sentence of the Court upon him was, that on the sepcudcount he piiyafine of forty shillings, and be imprisoned till the fine be paid. But had the defendant any thing to say before he passed upon him the sen tence of the Court ? Mr. Macquarie said that ho had. He desired to inform his Honor that on tho day on which the affair took place, he wan labouring under considerable mental oxcitement, and was anxious with regard to his businois af fairs. He was not during any part of the day told that the Bank of New South Wales had been put in possession, or that it intended to have sent MrT Masonq He hoped that under the present circumstances, and those, in which he was placed, his Honor would deal as leniently at possible with him. There was no person in the city regretted tho action more than he did. He had had no desire either to destroy the vessel or to assault Mr. Mason. He thought that, uudor the circum stances, he had treated Mr. Mason with a good deal of forbearance, in spito of the cavalier man ner which he had made use of. If Mr. Mason had not gone to the picnic, h» did not think that this would hare taken place at all. His (Mao quarie's) mouth had been closed, and ha had not been able to say a word in his defence. He would not say that Mr. .Mason had given false evidence, but he said all that eould be said on his side of the question, but not so much as could hare been said on his- (Macquarie's), or as might have been said if lie (Macquarie) had had witnesses present, Mr. Mason was as excited as tnyofthem. His Houor : Did he mean that he had taken m ore than he ought ? ' .Macquarie : No. After the boat returned, . he ssked Mason to come up to his house, and he would pive him a room, bed, and tea, and he would find the boat in the morning, but he did not dor Mo, He. wanted the boat that evening for his own work, and he (Mason) persisted in stick ing to her. Ho had no wish to doprive Mason 4 -f his liberty. He trusted that under the nn pjeasant circumstance in which ho was situated, fa, s Honor would aot deprive him of his liberty. 3£i ?. Budge had nob intended more than lie did to . ink ire Mr. Mason ; but if he had been in danger, or u i the water, they would willingly bare jumped i«v«, board to hi» rescue. -. His Honor called Mason, who on oath denied that he had been invited by Macquarie to go to his house on that night, nor had he by any one sent a message asking him to come to the house. He did not know Macquarie before that evening on which the circumstances narrated took place. Mr. Dowling then sentenced Macquarie on tho second count to pay a fine of 4Os., and to be im prisoned till the fine be paid. On the third count he would feel it his duty to deprive the defendant of his liberty ; it would be a greater punishment to him than it would be to most others to 'mix with the persons that he would be likely to meet in gaol. The jury had done their duty rightly in convicting the defendant on the second and third counts. It gave him great pain to pass the sentence he was about to inflict ; but his conscience told him that ha was doing what was right. He should sentence defendant to be imprisoned in Darling hurst gaol for a period of three months. Addressing Budge, his Honor said that he could sec no distinction in his case. Macquarie may hare been oxcitcd ; but he (Budge) had no reason to be go on the evening in question. He should have beon cool and collected, and have advissd Macquarie as his friend. Had he anything to say before he passed sentence upon him. Budge addressed the jury, and affirmed at con siderable length that he had tried to dissuade Macquario from tho course ho bad taken, but without avail- He averred that he todk tho boat away from the punt or wharf and moored her to the buoy that he might keep Mason out of Mac quarie's reach, and that he only returned to the wharf on being required to do so by hi? em ployer. If he were to sulTisr for this, he was more innocent even than Woolmer. (Expres sions of disapprobation in the Court.) He had to seek to restrain Mr. Macquarie's excitement, as he knew what sort of a man he was when ex citedi His Honor imposod a penalty upon Budge upon the second and third counts, similar to that which had been imposed on Macquarie. Macquarie applied that he and Budge be pun ished with a fine in the third count, instead of imprisonment. His Houor said that he saw no reason to alter the sentence. The Court was adjourned till ten o'clock on the following morning. 'Too mooch lager,' said a Dutchman, ' ish kad, but a good deal ish shust right.' Marital Prize. — A Mr. O.B. True was married recently in Connecticut. The only men who have a right to talk of their extraction. — Dentists. A Comforting Conclusion. — An Irish editor congratulates himself that half the lies told about him ain't true. Useful to Enow. — When small boys are out on thuir travels It is proper to ask thorn, ' Does your mother know your route ?' Sinca the ghost broke out at Carthage the boys say it is much more pleasant escorting girls homo from the literary society.' An Awful Warning. — A woman broke her arm the other day while washing dishes ; and yet there are others who will turn up their nose at this awful warning. When a howling storm of snow and wind comes on just after a man has removed a 4ft. drift from his front gate, he begins to lose faith in special Providences. Tho Growth of Calumny. — And now they say William Penn would sit down under a tree with Indians about him, and, telling them of the bettor world beyond the sea, deal himself four aces and win the game. Alias. — 'It's well enough for you to name your boy Elias,' said Aunt Hepziban, ' but for gracious goodness' sake don't name him Alias, 'cause the Aliases h always a cuttin' up bad. Hero's Alias Jones Alias Brown, Alias Thompson Alias One-eyed Jake, all been took up for robbin1 an' stealin'.' Time for all Things. — They would hare had a religious revival in a certain town the other week but for the way harnesses were cut up and horses shaved outside the church door while the prea cher was starting the good work within. A man can't be good after finding his horsu's mane and tail cut off. Under such circumstances religion is about the last thing a mau feels like. — Ameri- can paper. Suspicious. — 'Oh! your nose is as cold as ice,' a Boston father thought he heard his daughter exclaim the other evening, as he was reading in tla- next room. Ho walked -n for an explanation but the young fellow was at one end of the sofa and the girl at the other, while both looked so innocent aud unconscious that the old gentleman concluded that hiu oars had deceived him, and so ho retired from tho scene without a word. Prepared for Action. — A youth of nineteen winters, on his way to Illinois from New York State, tarried here atvhile yesterday, and he ex hibited to a police officer his means of defence against Western roughs and rubbers. He had a horsepistol a slung, and his satchel loaded with shot, a hickory club, a short bar of iron, a two-edged dagger, a big jack-knife, and a glung-shot, nud as he laid them down on a the bench he smiled and remarked — ' I'm jist a-thirstiug to have some one climb on me.' — 'Detroit Free Press. Applied Science. — A chunk of a b*y was seen studying the weather report charts hanging in the post- office yesterday, and wondering at the lad's interest, a gentleman approached him and asked : ' Well, my son, what do you wish to find ?' ' I'm looking to seo how the old thermom stands at Duluth,' said the boy. ' If she's ten below I've got to dust, for home and split more wood ; if she's at zuro, I can go off with Bill Jackson to sec his dog fight a tame coon !' — Detroit Free Press. Eough on the Doctors. — The sick squaw of a dusky chief, in Washington territory, lately told her noble husband that she didn't think that she should ever feel any better unless he killed her doctor. This is a novel and startling view of medi cal matters, and interesting to the profession. The doctor was duly killed ; aud upon being tried for his murder, the chief was acquitted on the ground that he acted in defence to his wife's life ! The doctors in those ro-ions must feel* a little doubtful about continuing in the business under such circumstances. 'A Fellow Feeling,' &c;— Major O'Dodger (of the Scallionsh're Eifles) :— ' Well what have you got to lay fop yourself?' Full-corporal Farrell (a prisoner late for tatoo): — ' Well, now, ycr honor, I'll just tell the whole trut'. I took to playing cyards about halp-past noine last night, an' lost all I had ; an', be jabors, I should stay till I won it all back, an' that wasn't till four o'clock this niornin' — .' The Major (an inveter ate loo-player, who had left oft' his own little game precisely at the same hour— very hastily) : — ' Admonish 'd, admonished !' 'Sergeant : — \- Left turrn ! Queeck 'arroh !' — Punch. A Fictitious Lord Mayor.— A provincial din ing at a restaurant in Paris (so says s Paris jour nal)1 sat near a very respectable-looking grey headed perion, with whom he entered into con versation. 'To whom have' I the honour of speaking ?' said he. ' I am the Lord Mayor of London,' said the venerable diner with great simplicity. ' I came over to assiit at the first repreicntaticn at the new Opera.' 'I hare seen that in the pipers,' replied the othor, inti mating that his new acQuaintanc* was in luok. ' MonDieu,' replied the soi-disant Lord Mayor, ' I pay for my place like others. I havo bought a box, and there are three of us.' After a short silence he resumed, ' I was about to add that I would willingly sell the fourth place.' 'For how much P'. said the other. ' Two hundred francs ; would you like it P' ' I should think go,' said the other ; ' how much I thank yon, my lord.' ' Very well,' wa» the reply; 'ask this evening for No. 4, Avant Seen*, and giv» me the money. I have but juit time to dress.' The provincial paid the money, and lua lince nade a complaint to the polu'e. ' ', * ? ' ? ' . ..????*? ' ? i 