IN llie House of Assembly on Tuesday, the Commissioner of Crown Lands made a statement of the policy of the Government. The principal measures they would submit to the House would ije the development of the resources of the colony, immigration, such taxation as might he necessary, education, and an amended land Bill. The several Hills for amending the law relating lo drawbacks, for the compensation of selectors in the Northern Territory, and ior the issuing of gun licences, which had been introduced by the previous Go vein men t, the prese-it Government would go on wit)]. 'i li^y would seek soon to introduce a measure for the encouragement of intercolonial free trade, as far as the natiir.d -jroducts of the soil were concerned. The Government would also introduce a Bill for the amendment ol" tin; mining law.s, providing first ior the cases ol' leases on abandoned gold country, and then propose that a nominal rent should be paid on mines until copper was found, while increased premiums should be paid on thoh': mines where copper was found in remunerative quantities. With reference to distillation, the Government, would take into consideration the Bill prepared by the late Government on that subject. The Government would also question of a water-supply for the Peninsubi. They would obtain a report on the matter at once, and introduce a measure as speedily as possible. Steps would be taken to extend and complete the drainage in the South- Eastern District. With respect to the Marine Board, there was an absolute need of legislation, and tin; Attorney- General had been in communication with the Board on the subject. 'They had put themselves into communication with the A gent-General on the subject of German immigration. lie intended to communicate with the neighbouring colonies as to subsidising the Overland Teh igraph Line, with the object of reducing the cost of telegrams. Respecting the Northern Territory, lie stated that the expenditure upon Government establishments there was altogether in excess of present requirements, and the Government accordingly intended to reduce, it to one- half. When it was remembered that the number of whites in the Government service at Palmerston was sixty-two, while the whole number of whites not .so engaged was two hundred and sixtv-nine, it was evident that there was a much greater establishment there than was required. The amount expended on the Territory had been jCHM/JOO, and the amount received from it -PI27/J'J4, leavin" a debit of £202,000. The question of Customs dues in the Territory had come under the not ice of the Government, and they had come to the conclusion to ask the House to make Port Darwin a free port. Law reform would be in the direction of consolidation. Tne general principles of Hie Real Property Act would be kept inviolable. The law of primogeniture and the criminal law would also have to be considered. On this latter there were nine Bills, and it certainly would be advantageous to reduce these to one. As to the land laws, he could not yet pledge himself to say what he would bring before the Cabinet, hut there was no doubt there would have to be j an amendment of the present law in ] the direction of liberality. The areas ; to be held by the farmers should be ; increased to 1000 acres, and the Go I 1 1 verniuent would endeavor to remedy ; the evils of the existing limited auc- j tion system. Their inclination was to go for the bidding being on rent and not on the purchase money. It would also bo requisite to have the necessary machinery for reaching dummies, and the scrub land laws should be a n i S W liberalized. Although he was not | prepared to go in to the details of the 1 ' ^ Government Ldncatton meature, he gave an idea of the main principles. The Government Bill wonld be free, secular, and compulsory—free to ail (those persons who were unable to pay for the education of their children ; secular in the sense that it would be unsectarian, permitting Bible reading a short time before school hours, and compulsory so far that those children whose education was neglected, should attend the State schools where the •schools were within a reasonable distance. There should also be, the Commissioner thought, itinerant teachers in sparse]}-populated districts, as in the New South Wales system. Apart from what the Railway Commission would recommend 011 the .subject of railways, the Government would bringin measures for a line from Port Augusta '225 or 250 miles north, and for a railway to the Murray, and for an extension of the main line 40 or hi) miles. The Government would bringdown Bills for the two first, and by them would stand or fall. There were other lines, one in tin; South east, from RivoK Bay to Mount Gambler, and the Jamestown to Gladstone rail way 3 also, one from Salisbury to connect the line there with the present Port Wakefield Railway, with the view of ultimately taking it 011 to Yoike's Peninsula. The present system af a high rate of speed with heavy rolling-stook was not to be maintained , it would be better to have .000 miles of railway with engines going at the rate of 1*2 miles an hour, than 100 miles of a more costly line with a greater rate ol .speed. They looked forward to connecting ultimately this colony with Melbourne, although lie did not promise that the Government would bring down a Bill for that work. There would also be a necessity in the future for an extension of the .Northern Line through the Waukaringa district, and if not, to the Harrier Rauges, at least in that direction. The money for this could not be taken Irom the General Revenue, and the Government would ask the House to pass a Loan Bill, the amount of which would be approximately £2,0(10,000. Pie thought that South Australia could bear that loan, and without it these works could not be carried out. The encouragement of immigration, collaterally with the prosecution of necessary and reproductive public works, was a fair and just policy, of which no one could complain, the object being not to reduce wages, but to develop thn country. The amount the Government intended to put down ou the Estimates for this purpose was £100,000. Tho Government would have to recommend increased taxation, whether popular or unpopular, and the deficiency in the revenue would have to be made up in the shape of direct taxation. The Commissioner deprecated the practice of private members obtaining votes for their districts, and showed that a deliciency in the revenue as compared with the expenditure of last year, to the extent of £7u,000, had been carried bv such special votes. He concluded an able speech by saying that the Government would endeavor to carry out this policy, and would be either a Government worthy of a great colony, or independent representatives of the people. Til Kin: appears to be a financial panic in Sydney. The failure of so many large limns is beginning to excite feelings of suspicion and distrust, which must, exert a depressing influence on trade in general. Some of tlic.se firms were doing business with Adelaide, and it is understood that losses will accrue. Speculation in unsafe investments is at the bottom of these trade disturbances. Kvery now and then we are startled by some stupendous failure, scattering ruin all 2round. Surely this is the worst, form of roguery, and deserves s-vere punishment. If a man obtains a few pounds by means of fraudulent representations, he is sent to t he Stockade ; but another man mav speculate in thousands and tens of thousands of pounds, and ultimately defraud his creditors to a v-ciy large rxtent, and we are told that he is unfortunat e, and he meets with hosts of sympathising friends. biggest rogue ? Which is really (lie Thkrh is sometimes :l positive advantage in " seeing oursel's as itliers see us." We do not. know that this will apply in the case illustrated by the following extract, which make from the .lune number of The M-ac.hfrx' Journal and Kdinuifunud Nr.wx "f Australia, a four pa°ed demy quarto monthly, published at Heathoote, in Victoria moderate rate of one shilling per 1 T 1 ' e modesty of the subscription R t r i n U y the tone of the fin^estion made ** lo 11,G importance of Inspectors—a point of which the Education Pourd will please make a note:- i e are in receipt of the lieport of the South Australian Board of Education for 1874, th <' inspectors, that the nistructi- jn j^iven m the South Australiun schools is of the poorest character. From ccrt:iin indications in these reports however, we. arc driven to the conclusion that these inspectors, who write of their teachers in a tone of harshness unknown to the reports of the inspectors in Victoria, are themselves mostly to bl.-une for the deficiencies in. the instruction. Hume of the exatnination papers would pu/./.le a Philadelphia lawyer to extract sen.se or meaning from them, while as a whole they ;ire not well • '.aleuhiteil to !/i.st the piolicieic-y of candidates. It seems, moreover, that. at. all events until quite recently, there was no programme of instruction in the South Australian schools, so that the teacher had 110 indication of wh.-d. he icall v was expected 1.0 teach, and lie mi^ht he working on one line of instruction and the school be examined 011 another. An illustration of this difli. •ulty is lound in Mr. .las. Hoskiu ,r "s reports. " In numerous instances," lie writes, " the ignorance displayed by boys of from ten to f urleen years of age inmost appalling, liven of notation a large number have 110 clear conception, their teachers not havinogiven t hat .attention to black-board exercises tha'. this important preliminary requires. In one school, in reply to my enquiry. 1 was informed (hat the upper class could work almost: any sum up to square or cube root. 1 wrote, on the black-board, • Het down in figures, seventy millions, lifty-four thousand, six hundred and one.' livery boy failed in the atLempt. And yet in these very schools carefully kept books are placed before rne, having problems neaUy entered, and the sums ruled with red ink—a sort of stock, probably for exhibition at public examinations." We suppose it never occurred to Mr. Hosking that notation is a very dill'icult art to the schoolboy, that if requires thought, and care, and that for every ten boys who eao perforin an exercise of the kind referred to, there arc in all schools to be found thrice the number who would work a ditiicult uractiee •sum accurately. I11 Vicioria notation is carefully taught, and is always considered by teachers a most risky point at the results examination : and in South Australia, where there lias been no programme of instruction, we cannot be surprised Lhat Lhe school text book's s'iould have been followed in lieu of a more scientific mode, of teaching. Tha sneer at. Llie ruled books is misplaced, seeing that the teachers who produced them were desirous of pleasing their su]K-ri,,i' otlicer and displaying their diligence. What the Hoard of lidueation principally wants is to import live or six additional inspectors from Victoria—men who will organize the schools, instead of sneering at. honest work and unsuccessful elVort,. Mr. Ross took his seat in the House of Assembly on Thursday, being introduced by Mr. Duncan. WITH our next, issue the Prize List for the November Show of the Moonta Agricultural , Horticultural, and Floricultural Society, will be published as a Supplement. Ar the Moonta Police Court, on Tuesday, before His Worship the Mayor, .John Hornal and W. Tucker were fined 5s each for disturbing the public peace in Moonta on the previous day. About one o'clock on Wednesday morning, a fire broke out in Mr. T. R. Heath's stable, Wallaroo, in which were housed a number of valuable horses, with their harness, and a quantity of chaff. All the horses were released except one, which was burnt to a cinder. The stable was destroyed, besides a quantity of harness and some chaff. The cause of the fire is unknown. FALSE PRETENCES.— John Froggeft. of Wallaroo Bay. was arrested in Adelaide on Tuesday, on charge of obtaining, by false pretences, goods to the value of £19 from Mr. Hamlyn, tailor, of Moonta. Prisoner will be brought before the Moonta Police Court this morning. THE Australian Mutual Provident Society has lost a very elerer and deserving oflicer in the late Mr. J. A. Campbell, who recently died oftcr a short illness. We observe that iiis numerous friends in Adelaide arc contributing for a memorial tombstone ; and an opportunity is given to any of his friends in this locality who may be desirous of assisting. The liditor will very willingly take charge of any subscript ions, and forward same. FROM an Adelaide letter, received too late for last, issue, we extract the following : "The Per. Charles (Hark, the celebrated Baptist preacher, of Melbourne, is still as popular as ever. At a lecture delivered in the. Melbourne Town Hal! the other evening he had an .audience of :jr,()f) persons. Wc hear that he purposes visiting South Australia as soon as possible, and delivering his comsi: of lectures in the principal towns of this colony, and I have 110 doubt but. that Moonta and the other popular towns on YorkcV; Peninsula will be favored with :i call: and if so, your readers will have an opportunity of listening to the most remarkable orator 111 Lhe Southern Hemisphere, and of enjoying an intellectual treat. His lectures arc masterpieces of eloquence, his descriptions of persons and jilac.es are surpassingly grand, and his rhapsodies are worth going miles to hear. If Mr. Clark does visit us, lie may depend upon as much success attending bis efforts as during his recent tour in New Zealand. ACCIDENT.— On Wednesday, whilst a lad named J. Trenerry was at, work in the 20- fathom level, Simpson's shaft., Moonta Mines, a stone, fell away, inflicting on his arm a. contused and lacerated wound from the elbow to the wrist. Under Dr. Todman's care the boy is progressing favorably. UsnKit the heading of "A Strange Story," he Nrmr,astir. (Ihrnnirle. narrates the followng ghost incident -.—" There resides in Newastle a lady and gentleman, whose names an be learned at this oflice, that relate the ollowing extraordinary incident :—The genleman lost his wife, who died, leaving a hild seven months old • this child was iven out to nurse at a coat of two pounds er week. About three weeks after the eath of the mother, the child became unell. One night the nurse sat rocking the hild in a cradle, when the door wasonened. nd a lady entered, walked steadily to the radle, Je.-med down, kissed the baby, and hen walked out of the room. The nurse as much alarmed, and in the morning sent ord to the child's father to take the child way at once. The father sought for an exlanation from the nurse, who, after much olicitation, related the above circumstance, nd deacrib d the appcarance and drea.i of he lady who kissed tho child. The father mmedlately exclaimed-'My God 1 it was its mother 1' The next day the child died. ^ THE ENGLISH MAHKETS.—Copper is dull. Chili. £81 ; Australian. £80 to £)j'J. Straits tin is quoted at £S:{ <0 HHi Australian, £81. Money is easy. The corn market is inactive. Australian wheat is quoted Is. lower. ENGLISH TELEGHAMS. —The Privy Council has reversed the decision of the -Sydney Supreme Court in the cause P.rayzer v. Maeiaren. In the House of Lords, the Secretary of State for the Colonics, Earl Carnarvon, iu replying to questions asked by the liar) of Shaft eshurv respecting the Fiji Is amis, stated that the Government had I telegraphed ( (J the local authorities (in whose ability and zea! he expressed his " greatest, confidence) to spare neither exertions nor expense in any case of sudden emergency, as in the event of such an emergency, arising the Home Government would be almost powerless. Arrivals—Knight Commander. Waikato, Adamant, Wraunat (!). Glenaros, Grice, Cnndel, Grasinere, Yorkshire, P.urham, William. The mail steamer I Ceylon left Galle for Glenelg with the Australian mails on the GI.LI instant. For the I Ascot Hunt, Cup, Neuringian was first; Prance, second ; and Whitebait, t hird. For the Gold Cup, Doricast.er, first; Ad venturicn, second; Nought, thi rd. The Sultan of Zanzibar has arrived iu London. MEETING AT EDITHBURGH.— At the Troubridge Hotel, Edithburgh, on Friday, June 11, a public meeting, presided over by Mr. Davey, was held to consider matters affecting the township and district. Mr. T. Smith pointed out the inadequacy of the mail arrangements, and moved the desirableness of a bi- weekly water mail service being established between Edithburgh and Adelaide. It was absurd that their letters should be brought by land some 180 miles when Edithburgh was but 50 miles from Adelaide by water. He believed that it was intended fhat the steamer Glenelg should trade to Edithburgh twice a week, and no doubt Government would pay a handsome subsidy for carrying the mails. Mr. John Laverty seconded the motion, which was supported by Messrs. Cornish and Kelly, and carried unanimously. Mr. Gottschalk spoke respecting police protection, and moved that it was desirable to increase it in Edithburgh, and to have a police-station and Court House erected there. Considering that there was no police-station between Weaner's Flat and Moonta, he thought the Government should place two troopers at Edithburgh. The motion was supported by Messrs. Conway, Cornish, and McLeod. and carried. Mr. Michael Kenny moved that if was desirable that the main roads be cleared and otherwise improved, which was seconded and carried unanimously. Mr. A. Leonard moved that it was desirable that moorings be put down for the accommodation of vessels visiting the port, which was seconded by Mr. McLeod, and carried. Mr. J. Algie stated that, several hundreds of people had arrived on the the Peninsula since the electoral roll was made and moved that the roll be revised at an early date. Mr. G. Farr seconded, saying that many persons were unable to record their votes a few days ago. Mr. Gottschalk. J.P.. supported the motion, and said that, having acted as Deputy Returning Officer on two occasions, he found the roll very incomplete. It was about eighteen months since it was made, and with the rapidly increasing population on the Peninsula. the roll should be revised at once. The motion was carried, and the following gentlemen were appointed a committee to carry out the resolutions:—.Messrs. Leonard, Gottschalk, J.P., Beaumont, Holden, James Davey, John Davey, and Algie. CRIMINAL SITTINGS.—At the Supreme Court, on Monday, before Mr. .Justice Stow, John Warren, found guilty of stealing three pairs of blankets from the Sailors Home, was sentenced to imprisonment with hard labor, for eighteen calender months. Charles Poole, found guilty of stealing 2 cwt. of hay, value IDs.. at Kadina, was sentenced to imprisonment with hard labor for cighLeen calendar months, His Honor expressing his opinion in passing sentence that, the defence set up had been supported by pe.rjury. W. H. Roberts, who had pleaded guilty to a charge of obtaining by falsi; pretences.moncy and goods to the value of £!> at Adelaide and Tauutida, was sentenced to be imprisoned wit.h hard labor for one year. Charles Moore, found guilty on his own confession of stealing goods Lo the value, of (;d„ at. Adelaide, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labor. .John W. Sharp, who had pleaded guilty to forging and uttering an order f,,r £!0, 'was ordered Lo be imprisoned and kept, at hard labor for four years. William P.itmeud. convicted of forging and ntterimj an order for £10 was sentenced to be imprisoned for two years with hard labor. Soleri Pietro, convicted of stealing money and goods 1o the Talue of £."» 10s. was sentenced lo be imprisoned and kept at, hard labor for four years. Morris Hyde, who had pleaded guilty to stealing orders to Lhe value of £2~, at. Sliding Rock", and who also pleaded guilty to a former conviction for felony, was sentenced to be imprisoned ami kept af hard labor for seven years. George Beare, who pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing paper and pencils, Lhe properly of Her Majesty's Government, was sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for thiee years. Thomas Wallace, found guilty of obtaining !ts. (5d. by false pretences, was ordered to be imprisoned for six calendar months. James Walter Laughton. who pleaded guilty to a charge of forging and uttering ,-L bill of exchange for £'2f> was sentenced to be imprisoned and kept af hard labor for three years. Henry Wicker, who pleaded guilty Lo a charge of stealing thirty-six pairs of boots, value £'2H, j af Port Adelaide, was ordered to Lie imprisoned ! for three years with hard labor. .).-lines j Vandeleur. found guilty of doing grievous j bodily harm to W. Rooucy, of Jamestown, 1 was sentenced to four years' imprisonment j with hard labor. Charles Knobhe, convicted j of committing a common assault, on Thomas ! Harding, af Jamestown, was sentenced to be imprisoned for eight calendar months. Charles Kevern, a boy. charged with indecently assaulting a little girl named Alice ; Maud Caldicott, was found guilty of a common .assault and ordered to be detained until the rising of the Court;. Henry Simpson, aged 17, charged with forging and uttering an order for the payment, of JM.'i was acquitted, His Honor remarking 1hat there was nothing iu the evidence, to prevent persons from trusting him in Lhe future. Frederick Austin, alias George Levitt, found guilty on his own confession of forging and uttering a cheque for £i~>, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment. John George Sutton, a lad. charged with embezzling £5 8s. the moneys of his master, Mr. W. A. Cawthorne, was found guilty of simple larceny. Sentence deferred. On Tuesday, H. TJ. Roe, pleaded guilty of forging (he signature Lo an acceptance on a bill of exchange Ai7.">, with intent to defraud Mr. J. W. Wilkinson, of Gawler. Sentenced to three years' imprisonment. W. J. Di.sher. was found guilty of having converted to hls'own u^e a bill of exchange for £2. r jf). the property J. of D. Ireland. Sentence deferred. J. G. Suttan was charged with forging a signature to certain receipts while in the employ of his master, W. A. Cawthorne. j Prisoner was acquitted. For the offence of which prisoner was found guilty on the previous day, he was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment in the Adelaide Gaol. Jens Hakendorf, charged with arson, was discharged. AT the meeting of the Central Health Board on Tues.lay, Dr. Lloyd Herbert, Officer of Health, Moonta Mines District, Yorke's Peninsula, forwarded, as requested, a report 111 regard to the sanitary condition of his district ; iu which he said that the present state of his district compared favorably with that which existed before the coming into force of the Board's regulations made under the Order in Couucil. He stated that 509 houses had been visited, and that he had been refused admittance to 11 only; 4'JS yards and premises had been cleansed, and 1,8IG loads of filth and refuse removed. He also remarked that the residents generally had expressed their gratitude ; the district not having been so clean for the last six years. Rainwater tanks for providing water for drinking and eookmg purposes wore being generally introduced. Earth-closets had been constructed as well aa other improvements by the residents. He considered with respect to works more particularly required, that there was urgent want of drainage in some localities which were now the haunts of disease. The Board's regulation had been productive of much good, aud had been a hardship on none, and certainly could not be characterised as uncalled-for, considering the former state of the district; and no op° pressiou whatever in carrying them out could be fairly stated as having been used by himself or the Inspector. The Secretary was directed to forward Dr. Herbert's report for the information of the Chief Secretary. IN Lhe Assembly on Tuesday, the Treasurer announced LhaL Lhe Government intended lx) ask Lhe House to vote the sum of £5,.W0 for the relief of the families of the Government officials lost in the Gothenburg, to be apportioned as follows :— Judge Wearing's family, <)(}() ; Mr. Whil.by^ family, £1,2of) ; Mr. C. Lyon's family, £250. 