ALEXANDER VI. AND VANOZZA, HIS MISTRESS. Their daughter, Lucrezia, had lately become a member of the House of Este, and was now resident at Ferrara. When the Pope died, she had barely eighteen months to secure herself in her new position as wife of Alfonso, heir pre- sumptive to the Dukedom of Ferrara. The legend as to the death of her father is very remarkable. It states that the Pope and his son, Cæsar Borgia, Duke of Valentinoris, had prepared a banquet in which they intended to poison five cardinals, but that by mistake they drank themselves of the poison intended for their enemies. It is reported that when the son found himself writhing under the internal torture of the corrosive poison which he had swallowed, he adopted a strange method of of obtaining relief. He ordered a bull to be slain and cut open, and had himself enclosed in the reeking carcass, whence he derived a new life from the horrible bath of blood. As for his father, Alexander VI., he never recovered from the effects of the fatal draught. In a letter from Rome of that period, the Duke of Mantua gives the popular account of the Pope's death to his wife. Thus he proceeds : "In order that you may be as well informed as ourselves of the departure of the Pope Alexander VI., we relate as follows. When he became ill, he began to talk in a way that those who did not understand his thoughts imagined that he was wandering, when, in fact, he was talking in full conscious ness. His words were— 'I am coming, it is night ; wait a little." Those who understood his secret explained it thus. That when he was in conclave, after the death of Innocent, he made a pact with the devil, and purchased the Papacy with the price of his soul, and among other articles of the agreement it was stipulated that he should occupy the chair of Peter twelve years ; and this he enjoyed with the addition of four days. Some affirm, too, that at the moment at which he gave up the ghost seven devils appeared in his room. As soon as he was dead, his body began to ferment, and his mouth to foam like a kettle over the fire, and so it con- tinued to do as long as he was above ground ; he became so swollen that he was no longer of human form, and his breadth was as great as his length. He was carried to his grave with small ceremony. A porter dragged him from off his bed with a rope tied to his feet, and so to the place of his burial. As to Vanozza, the mother of Cæsar Borgia, and, the mistress of the Pope, some interest may be also be felt. When her chief support was removed, she became extremely anxious for. her own possessions. To the most part she could not show the best title. She had a good many punics on this account to undergo, as the various records manifest, and a good many more it may be taken for granted about which the records are silent. The lonely woman sought for aid on all sides, and, among other letters of supplication, she addressed some in very humble language to her daughter at Ferrara. The succeeding Popes, however, of the Rovere and the Medici family preserved the old woman scatheless in her pos- sessions. None would set an example of severity ; and it seems to be a maxim of the Popes to res- pect the illegitimate connexions and relatives of their predecessors, since they knew that their own mistresses and their children would in their turn stand in need of a similar forbearance. Vanozza died in 1518, during the Pontificate of Leo X., about the time that the Augustinian monk nailed his theses to the church door of Wittenburgh. She was buried with great pomp, and even the magnificence of cardinate splendour in Santa Maria, in Popalo. She had, of course, betaken herself to religious exercises in the latter part of her life, and gave much money and goods to the Romish Church, and to eccle- siastical institutions. Masses, it is also proper to state, were said for the soul of this sinful old woman for more than 200 years, after she had passed from the scene of her human frailties and glaring immoralities. The daughter of Alexander and Vanozza became Duchess of Ferrara in 1505. She main- tained her lofty position with much grace and great tact for nearly fourteen years, to the time of her death, which happened in childbirth in her thirty-ninth year. The latter part of her life, which thus closed prematurely, was devoted to her four children, and the alleviation of the sufferings of the people. She ended her days in the fashion of her mother, and generally of most women of questionable reputation. She became very religious, and devoted much of her time to the study of devotional works. A contemporary states, that she had worn hair cloth next her skin for ten years, and had confessed every day for the last two years. To prepare her for the future world, it was affirmed that she had taken the communion three or four times every week. Under the impression that more exertion was required, she addressed the existing Pope only two days before her death in a very pious letter as follows :— " Most Holy Father, and My Most Blessed and Much-to-be-honoured Lord,— With all possible reverence of mind I kiss the holy feet of your beatitude, and humbly recommend myself to his holy favour. I have suffered much from a difficult pregnancy for two months, as it pleased God on the 13th of the present month in the morning I had a daughter, and I hoped after this that I should get better ; but the contrary has occurred, so that I must yield to nature. Yet the power granted me by my Creator is so great that I recognise the end of my life, and I feel that in a few hours I shall be no more, after having received all the holy sacraments of the Church ; and on this point, as a Christian, albeit a sinful one, I have called to mind that I should supplicate your Holiness, that you may, with your holy benediction, grant some relief from your spiritual treasures to my soul ; and this I devoutly pray. And I recom- mend to your Holy Grace, my lord and husband, and all my sons—all servants of your Holiness. At Ferrara, the 22nd of June, 1519, the 14th hour. Of your Holiness the humble slave, Lucrezia da Este." Shortly after this letter was written she died in the sanctity of holy Church. Notwithstanding all that honest his- torical research may achieve, the reputation of this woman can scarcely be cleared from the worst crimes and almost satanic vices which have been imputed to her. She will continue an unchanged figure in the imagination of the world, and as a sort of feminine incarnation of the florid extravagance, licentiousness, and infidelity which characterised that age. It may be readily supposed that her father, Alexander, would have imitated the example of Vanozza and Lucrezia in his latter years. The very remembrance of his deeds of cruelty might have plunged his mind in despair, and like Tiberius the Emperor, or Louis XI., he would have withdrawn from society and buried him- self in deep seclusion. Instead of this, he led a very hilarous life up to the last, and his natural flow of animal spirits never deserted him. Only two years before he left the scene of his sinful life, a contemporary states that, "nothing gave him care ; he seems to grow young every day." Such a life, led by such a man, who was the head of an infallible Church, would seem to imply that he was either a con- summate hypocrite, or a confirmed atheist. Nothing, however, would be more untrue. He seems to have as credulous a belief in all the mummery of the Papal Church as the most illiterate peasant. And even though he had his adulterous mistress, Guilia Farmese, the suc- cessor in his affections to Vanozza, painted in the character of the Virgin Mary, he always considered himself to be the especial favourite of the mother of Jesus, and to be living even in the committal of his enormous crimes under the protection of all the saints. A single descendant of Alexander and Venozza became the third General of the Jesuits. He died at Rome in 1572, and was canonized, so that their great- grandson was made a holy saint ! The festival of Saint Francis Borgia is celebrated this 22nd October in the Popish calender—otherwise, Don Francisco Borgia, Duke of Garcha. 