SYDNEY SUMMARY. (Fron the Bueaning Nerws. IrN the oaeo of Teas v. Teas and Smithere, their Honors, the chief-justice, Sir James Martin, Mr. Justice Hargrave, and Mr. Justice Fautett by a majority (Mr. Justico Hargravo dissenting), granted the co-respondent a now trial of this divorce suit which was tried lest month at Darlinghurst, beforeo a jury of four persons, resulting in a verdict for £2000 for damages against the corespondent (Mr. James Smithers). MIr. Windeyorfor the corespondont had obtained a rule niei on the ground that under the Common Law and Jury Acts the term special or common jury moans a jury of twelve persons, and the Oth section of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 36 Vic. No. 9, preovides that in questions of fact it shall be lawful for the court to direct the truth thereof to be determined by the "verdict of a special or common jury," the trial of the iassues by a jury of four persons was illegal. The Chief-Justice and Mr. Justice Faucett (Mr. Justico Hargravo disernting) uphold Mr. Windeyer's objection, their Honors being et opinion that all issues of fact in the divorce court must be tried by common or special juries of twelve persons, and that the course pursued on the present occasion was illegal, there being no authority givon by the anot to the parties to strike from a panal of ton persons. To give this power their Honors were of opinion that further legislation would be required. Sir WV. Manning, on behalf of petitioner, abandoned the claim for damages against the co-respondent, in order that the case may be triad before his Honor without a jury. Rule made absolute without costs. During the past few months there have been rumours of serious disanreomentn among the officars of the New South Wales Artillery Oorps; anod though two courts of inquiry have been held, the proceedings have boon conducted with closed doors, and the press was excluded. The public have been kept in almost total ignorance of the matter. This practice., we may remark, is altogether foreign to the spirit of the Queen's regulations. All courts-martial should ha hold with open doors. However, from a rbliablo source we have boon furnished with an out line of the evidence given at the inquiry. It may be presumed that it was found impossible to constitute a regular court-martial hero, in the absence of the proper number- seren officers--because several of those belonging to the corps were witnesses. These curts of inquiry are not " sworn courts," nor is the evidence given upon oath. The New South Wales Artillery consists of four commisriondd olicorr- Major Airey in command, Ouptain Spalding, and Lieutonants Rlussell and La Patourel, and one hundred and six rank and file. It appears thaton the 6th October lat an encampment was made at Long Bay, for instruction of the man in camp life, and for shot and shell practice with field guns. About four p.m. on that day the following gentlemen ware at dinner in the commanding oflieor's (Major Airey'e) tent:-Major Airoy, Captain Spalding, and Lieuteonants Russell and La Patoural, Oaptain Strong, Dr. Bedford, and Mr. Arthur Lo Patoural. During dinner-hour, Lieutenant La Patourel. in the midst of what wtas described as rather a chaffing or general joking scene, tooke up a black bottle (an ordinary sherry-wine bottle) poured thebo remaining contents into his glass, and threw the bottle to or at Lieutenant Russell; it struck him, or fell onhie thigh. In the act of throwing or passing the bottle in thin fashion La Patourel, said " tr·e a glass of wine Russell." Enraged at this, Russell raised.the bottle and with great force threw it at La Patourol, altriking him on the temple. Ho fell senseless, and waes carriedoutside. Heremainedinsensihlo for acon sidorable time, and it was not until thu following morning that Dr. Bedford was enabled to pronounce him out of danger. MIeanwhilo Lieutenant Russell was placed under arrest. A court of inquiry, consisting of Colonel Richard son, Major Baynor, and Brigade.Major Chriatie, as sembled at the artillery barracks on the 26th October, and after a full investigation it was recommended that Lieutenant Russell be severely roprimandod, and placed at the bottom of the list of lieutenants; in other words, he changed places with his junior, Lo l'atourol, who from that time became his aeoior in ranic. Subsequently Lieutenant Rusell brought charges against La Patoural and Major Aircey. The charge against the former, for annoying Russell in the mass room, &o.;, was withdrawn. He however charged Mr. Airey with a broah of the Queen's regulations in not maintaining order in the room-that is, allow ing La Patourol to continually annoy him (Russell); and generally for incapacity in maintaining authority as commanding officer. The court of inquiry-con sisting as before of Colonel Iichardson, Major Basyneus, and Major Chiistio--wore occupied for three days investigating the matter, and they reported that the charges mado ogainst lIr. Airey were un founded. Hies Excellency the Governor, in executive council, having concurred with the finding of the court, and considering that the charges had beoon preferred in a reckless manner, and in an ineubordi nate spirit on the purt of Lieutenant Russell, that oflicer's commission in the New South Wales Artil lery has boeen caeoclled. In justice to L:utenant Russell, it may be men tioned that, immediately after having struck Lo Patourel, he expressed his sorrow for the act, and said he had no intention of injuring him. And dur ing the second court of inquiry Russell found himself at a disadvantago in not being able to enforce the nttondanca of at least one important witness, whom he desired to call in dofence. At a courtmurtial he could have done this. The now ex- Lieutonant John R. R?toell is an offi" cor of the Blritish army of over seventeen years' standing. About 18158 he joined the 18th Foot Royal Irish, and hbehas been four years in the Now South VWales Artillery. Lioutenant Henry Lo Palourel was formerly in the let Dragoon Guards, afterwards in the 10tih Foot, and subsequontly in the York Militia. About six months since he relieved Lieutenant Lindeman, and joinood the N.B.W. Ar tillery. "Somothing to his Advantage," is the title of a Ohristmes serial, jlst published in Sydney. It might have boon called a Chrisehas melody; for it is a oollootion of tales, okutohoes, poems, and cseeys, good, bad, and indifferent, continiei something esuited to all tastes. It is thebo product of the literary efforts of about thirty authors, asesociatod-not com. bioed, for the editor tells us in the profgqo that he could not persuade them to write as he intended in writing one taleo-but gathered within one cover. If one wishes for sentimental poetry dedicated to love or to melancholy, hero he will find it. If one prefers the most unfettered jocularity of an Australian " spree," hero it is. If one likes to be introduced to murderers and suicides, hero we will moot them. If? another profete to havo crime and tragedy oxhibited in dreams, with a happy awlaking, here he will be plehsod. : The lover of ghost- etorie'or other super natural or spiri!talistio disorders may have a feast td~his~ ownliking. If theo?ider can find delight in rhyme, meted out by a carpenter's rule, or in prose that eavoure more of dulness than of wit, this book will supply him.< Of course, in such a compound overy one may open upon what he disliktes. But if some philosopher turns away from the first contri. bution as smacking too much of room, let him go to the last, and be will find a lofty speculation altogether to his taste. If a young lady shudders at the coarse oaths of the lambing down party, she may have her Bympathy drawn out for " Blind Madge;" and those who are satisfied with fiction aon turn to "A Page from Australian History," dr "Paddv's. Market." The editor is Mlr. Ribhmond Thatoher, and the publishers Messrs. Turner and Henderson, Hunter street. 