CIRCUS LIFE AND CIRCUS CELEBRITIES. It is an old saying, and a true, that any man who would write his autobio graphy fairly would undoubtedly add to the knowledge as well as contribute to the amusement of bis readers. Of course, we do not mean such a naked exposition of character, often, perhaps, less real than imaginary, as Roussean seems to delight in in his " Confes sions,"— -as melancholy a book as " Pe- tronius Arbiter." Next to autobio graphies, there are few better illustra tions of a peculiar social condition to be met with than in the history of classes of the community. All these, honestly worked out, are contributions to general history. An unpretending narrative of the humblest of "professionals" may ' contribute something which mav be found of value by the philosophic wri ter wao is tracing the course of civilisa tion, and trying to account for its vagaries. In studying even these de tails of " circus people," the reader would often have reason to exclaim, On diable, la vertu , va-lelle se nicher ? The history of circuses, like all other histories, however, sbould have as few mistakes ' and omissions as possible. Now, we are told b' Mr Frost that Mr Ducrow inside bis first appearance on the stage in 1814,.asEloi, tbe dumb hoy, in;-"Tbe Forest iof Bon'dy." It was in that year the piece was pro duced at Covent Garden, and Florio, the dumb boy, was played by gpntle Sally Booth. In noticing Poses Plastiques, nothing is said of the most perfect and artistic persons connected with that sort of entertainment, "Pro-" fessor Keller," and his beautiful wife. Their private representations werij higblv paid for. - The great riding- a > . ' , 1 .. . n math-? u; Astley'is ring, the ever-young old VV ljpneiyn be?" is recorded as hav ing d iea'ih'i 834, ivb'ere'as he went on painting his cheeks, scorning the clown, ana admiring the ladies for twenty years longer. These, however, are faults not to be too heavily censured in a volume which displays, generally, care in treating the liirhtesr. of subjects. The circus celebrities deserved a chronicler, and it is to be regretted tfiat we only know the plumed, the spangled heroes by il lusory names. On what ground some circus people adopted their circus names it would be difficult to explain. What nationality did Signer Markutchy or Miss i ostmetkopila affect. Was there not a disloyal savour of Jacobitism in the lady of the last century who as sumed the name of Sobieska Clemen tina ? "N.B. Sobieska" (at Hughes's Circus, 1783) " rides on one, two, and three horses, being the only one of her sex that ever perform on one, two, and three." We cannot help thinking that though Sobieska used strong exple tives, she was a nonjuror. She pro bably 1 lad more faith in the episcopal rights of Bishop Gordon, of Theobald's road, than in Lowth, Bishop of Lon don. or wherefore did she take to her self two of the Christian names of the wife of the Old Pretender ? Again : — "A young gentleman, son of a per son of quality," might challenge ex amination as to its genuineness, for sons'of persons of quality very question able have earned their bread in the circus sa - dust. This young gent did one surprising thing, riding " at full speed with his right foot on the saddle, and his left toe in his mouth, two surprising feet !" The curious bill in which this is stated, has this curious ending : " The young gentle man will recite verses of bis own mak ing" (which must Lave been a fearful thing to listen to), " and act Mark Antony between the leaps. Clementina every night — accoramodious room lor the nobility." Miss Vangabel and Madame Fuzzi are not euphonious pseudonyms. There is a well-known theatrical name in Astley's bill of the last century, that of Wallack, who acted Captain of the Cavern in " Gil Bias." This man was the father of handsome "Wallack of Drury Lane : but he was an Israelite, and his real name was Wolf. " Catawba Indian Chiefs" and real Chinese were usu ally lively natives of the Seven Dials, and half the Wild Savages in shows were wild Irishmen. Why is the cheapest of unlicensed playhouses cal led a "gaff?" — Why did the young lad Ella ride in skirts, and bewitched spectators for years, as Mdlle, Eila ? — and why should not Blondin be dis- posed to be famous by his real name than by a borrowed one ? In the old davs of " Sadler's Wells," when it was more of a " booth" than a " bouse," and boasted only of the ancient but clever mountebank per formances — several exhibitions dailv — a fellow was employed outside, who. while the performance was going on within, counted the fresh crowd as it collected without : and, as soon as he saw there was enough people to fill the booth, he put his head inside and in quired, in a loud voice, " Is Hiram Fistiuian here ?" at which significant inquiry the performances came .to an end, and the spectators, who, doubt less understood the signal, as well as the proprietors, were dismissed. We may add, that a similar system pre vailed to the latest days of Fairs and Old Richardson. When that wary son of wandering Thespis used to step in side from the front, and asked, " Is John Audley here ?" the stage manager dropped the curtain, wherever the tragedy might be, and a new audience took the places of the old. Even to this day, in dramatic slang, to John- Audley a plaj means to cut it down to a comfortable brevity. Dramatic and circus slang grew slowly but surely, and it was a long time before tumblers were called " acrobats" and vaulting " trampoline exercises." We servilely copied France in using tbe word " funambulists" to express rope-dancers, but it never took sound root. The word came in with the war, and had a hostile loolc about it. Even now the meaning is not to be found of " fricapee dancing:" and " fricassee dancing" is equally unin telligible. Tourbillon still is inter- preted " whirlwind" in tbe dictionaries, but the circus people adapted it to " head-over-beels" work. These people bave a language of tbeir own. A bold- tongued announcer of performances is " a blower a circus man almost al ways speaks of a circus woman not as a woman but " a donna j" "saultr" is their slang for " a penny-" and " de- nariies," as meading money, makes one think of tbe denarii paid for admission to the circus at Pompeii. Vulgar people have adopted the old circus word "rot" as a word of contempt. "Rags" is another uncomplimentary term applied by prosperous members of circuses to the street tumblers and when policemen interrupt those humble entertainers, tbe latter says " the bob bies have queered the pitch." Collect ing the pence of spectators is " doing the nob," and soliciting subscriptions from tbe spectators at windows is " nob bing the glaze." " Fakement," which is circus liugo for the circus apparatus, has, we think, a different meaning amon<r sharpers. For instance, sham countrymen, who hawk poultry in the streets, do a " fakement" when they pass off a stale fowl for a fresh one. A circus performer " does a Johnny Scapparey" when he runs away from his liabilities, which he sometimes does when the circus proves to be " shutters" or a failure, and tbe clowns cannot " crack a wheeze," or tell a joke to attract pa trons. There is a great deal more of language-making among these people ; but the pleasautest phrase they know is —"the ghost walks," which implies that the salaries are paid, the "show" being a great success. With some exceptions there is a wonderfully active spirit of charity among these people, — prompt alacrity to help a poor fellow who is " hard up." Mr Frost treats the late Charles Dickens's sketches of these " amusing vagabonds," as exaggerated beyond mea sure ; yet the truth is often startling enough. One of these truths is that invariably the most serious member of the travelling companies is the clown. Mr Frost shows how the clown, with many of Ms fellows, can be as sincerely religious and as naturally curions abont tbe Great Hereafter as the most miserable sinners who go to church in fine clothes. We bave listened, not without sympathy, to one of these reasonable fools (and it was difficult to look steadily at- bis chalked and painted face, which seemed to belie the gravity of his words) ex pressing his sorrow at having to raise a laugh in the young by giving a runaway knock at a door, and then tripping up the policeman who tried to "run him in." " The little fellows, sir," said this cap and bell philosopher, " fancy there's no barm in it. They, perhaps, go and try it themselves, when they are older, and they hear a magistrate tell Ibem they are a disgrace to society. But what can I do ? I was born to it ; and I was never asked whether I'd like not to take to it." Tbe words were scarce out of a mouth which seemed a yard wide when lie was on the stage, bringing himself into collision with the policeman, and seeming to enjoy the laughter that was excited. Born 'to it all of them are not ; 'nut, nevertheless, few are asked if they would like not to take to it. Mr Frost might bave written a painfully interesting chapter on the subject. Not long since, accident brought us in contact with two chubb), happy-looking little acro bats, little men of five or six years old, with an air as knowing as if they had lived for ten times those years. They were standing at the -wing, while their master, in glittering attire, was going through a performance on a stage, which made one think of Johnson's wish that it were impossible." "Is that your father ?" Both boys shook their heads silently. " What is be, then ?' "'Our master," said one, while the other looked puzzled, as if it were strange that any one should have any curiosity about them. " Can you read ?" Both shook their heads. " Should you like to learn ?" One nodded energetically, rhe other less demonstratively, as if it foreshadowed another trouble in life for him. Yes. They were brothers. — "Where is your father ?" Each answered rising on his toes, as if the replv were not for the world, Don't know !" - " And you mother ?" — One hung his head, the other turned quite away. — " Do you never hear from them — "Never !' — " but how came you to have this master, here ?!' — Farher sold us to him." — And, after a while, we asked, " Is he kind to you '?" — " Oh, yes !" was the ready rejoinder : " gives us plenty to eat and (Irak, and all that." And then the more reticent came out with an eloquent burst, yet 'cautiously delivered under bis breath, " But didn't he whop us just at first." They were clever little fellows, went fearlessly through some extraordinary feats, and when they bowed, band-in- band with tbeir master, all three looked as proud and happy as it was possible to look. The applauding boys and girls in front perhaps more than half envied them, not knowing that they had been bought, sold, and " whopped " for tbe public enjoyment. Poor wretches ! Some circus people have hard lives to end. A dying clown, who had fallen through a trap, was taken to tbe hos pital two or three days ago : and because tbe paint on bis face gave a comic expression to his attempt at prayer or complaint, he was declared to have died drunk. Some of them have died "well off." Others have achieved greatness in an other way. Tbe father of Madame Saqui taught the Gomte d'Artois to dance on the tight-rope ! "When tbe grateful Count became Charles the Tenth, be was not forgetful of the fact — he invited his old rope- professor to give a last performance, at the fetes in Paris, in honour of his coronation ; and at a very advanced age, the old lady tripped up the rope and back again, in the Champs Elysees, surrounded by fire works. We believe that one or two of Albert Smith's amateur pantomimists were excellent rope-dancers. Tbe late Mr Bidwell, of the Treasury, was a perfect harlequin, but he was wise in bis generation, and instead of taking leaps over his office-desk, sat quietly down to it, and became a perfect clerk. Leotard wished to leave tbe trapeze for the Bar, but died before his studies were well begun. The profession remembers, however, with pride that Peg Woffington and Mrs Charles Kemble rose from the sawdust to the stage ; and that Mrs A. Wigan, before she adorned the theatre, was, in her maidenhood, as graceful a dancer as Miss Woolford. David Roberts, B.A., was just out of his apprenticeship as a house-painter, when Bannister, the travelling circus and theatre man, Mred him at 30s a week, to paint scenery, make himself useful, and play small parts in pantomimes, which, he says in his diary, he rather over-did than under-did. One of the old glories of the old Coburg was the scenery of Roberts and Stanfield, and some of the scenes by Roberts are still in store at Drtuy Lane. When one remembers i that grave face, with its kindly smile, one caouot reconcile it with the idea of a rattling young super " makiDg a part " in a rollicking scene in a Christ mas pantomime. Mr Frost mentions Roberts, but he has overlooked the most exalted example of the aristocratic element, at least, among the clowns. It is so strange that we wiil quote it with out comment from Debrett's Peerage for 1875\. After enumerating the titles, etc., of Earl Poulet, Debrett has the following record : — " Son. William Turmonr Thomas, Viscount Hinton, born at Southsea, loth December, 1869; educated at Church House College, Merton, Surrey, was some time engaged as a clown and pro fessional pantomimist at the Surrey Theatre, and elsewhere under the non de Illume sic) of " Mr Cosman." Married, 6th December, 1869, Miss Lydia Ann Shippey, a ballet dancer, and has, with other issue, William Henry George, born 1870." Earl Poulet, Debrett tells us, " mar- at Port-sea, 23rd June, 1849, Elizabeth Lavinia — who died 9th August, 1871 — daughter of Mr Newman, pilot, of Land- port." In the next month, says Debrett, the earl " married Miss Emma Sophia Johnson." Lord Hinton may, after all, point, for his justification, to the Roman emperor who performed in the circus. If we remember rightly, that Imperial charioteer ruined the proprietor by the exorbitant salary he squeezed out of him, and much the same is done in these highly-civilized and unheathenish times. At/ieneeum. 