11\. IIIGGIIOTM'S CAWTÜOP1II. [BY NATHANIAL HAWTHORNE.] A young fellow, a tobacco pedlar by trade, was on his way from Morristown, where he had dealt largely with the deacon of the Shaker ?«ettlement, to the village of Parker's Falls, on Salmon River. He had a neat little oart, painted green, with a box of cigars depicted on each side-panel, and an Indiau chief, holding a pipe and a golden tobaooo-stalk, on the rear. The pedlar drove a smart little mare, and was a young man of excellent character, keen at a bar- gain, but none the worse liked by the Yankees, who, as I havo heard them say, would rather be shaved with a sharp raz ir than a dull one. Especially was ho beloved by the pretty girls along the Connecticut, whose favour he used to court by presents of the beat smoking tobacco in I his stock-knowing well that the country lasses of New England are generally great performers on pipes Moreover, as will be seen in the course of my story, the pedlar was inquisitive, and some- thing of a tatler, always itching to hear the newB, and anxious to tell it again. After an early breakfast at Morristown, the tobacco pedlar, whose name was Dominious Pike, had travelled eeven miles through a solitary piece of woods, without speaking a word-to any- body but himself and bis little grey mare. It being nearly seven o'clock, be was as eager to hold a rooming gossip as a city shopkeeper to read the morning paper. An opportunity seemed at hand, when, after lighting a cigar with a sun-glass, he looked up and perceived a man coming over the brow of the bill, at the foot of which the pedlar had stopped bis green cart. Dominicus watched him as he doscended, and noticed that he carried a bundle ovor his shoulder on the end of a stick, and travellod with a woary yet determined pace. He did not look as if be had started in the fresh ness of the morning, but had f loted it all night, and meant to do the same all day. " Good morning mistor," said Dominions, when within speaking distance " You go a pretty good jog. What'B the latest nows at | Parker's Falls ?" The man pulled the broad brim of a gray hat over his eyes, and answered, rather sullenly, that lie did not come from Parker'sFaHs,-which, as being the limit of his own day's jootney, the pedlar bad naturally mentioned in his inquiry. " Well, then," rejoined Dominicus Pike, " let's bave tho latest news whore you did come from. I'm not particular about Parka's Falls. Any place will answer." Being thus importuned, the traveller-who was as ill-looking a follow as one would desire to meet in a solitary piece of wood-appeared to hesitate a little, as if he was either searching bis memory for news, or weighing the ex- pediency of felling it. At last mounting on the step of the cart, be whispered in the ear of Dotni IDÍCUS, though he might have shouted aloud, and no other mortal would have heard him. ' " I do remember one little trifle of news,', said he. " Old Mr. Higginbotham, of Kim ballton, was murdered in his orchard, at eight o'clock last night, by an Irishman and a nigger. They strung him np to the branch of a St. Michael's pear tree, wborc nobody would fiind him till tho morning " As soon as this horrible intelligence was com- municated, the stranger betook himself to bis journey again, with more Bpced than ever, not even turning his head when Dominicus invited him to smoke a Spanish cigar and relate all the particulars. The pedlar whistled to his mare and wont up the hill, pondering on the doleful fate of Mr. Higginbotham, whom he had known in the way of trade, having told him many a bunch of long nines, and a great deal of pigtail, lady's twist, and fig tobacco. (To was rather astonished at the rapidity with which the news had spread. Kimballton was nearly sixty miles distant in a straight line ; the murder had been perpetrated only at eight o'clock the prcocdiog night; yet Dominicus bad heard of it at seven in the morn- ing, when, in all probability, poor Mr. Higgin- botham^ own family had but just discovered his corpse, hanging on the St. Michael's pear- tree. The stranger on foot must havo worn seven-league boots, to travel at such a rate. " 111 news flies fast, they say," thought Do- minicus Pike, " but this beats railroads. The fellow ought to be hired to go express with the President's Message." The difficulty was Bolved by supposing that the narrator had mado a mistake of one day in the date of the occurrence, so that our friend did not hesitate to introduce the story at every tavern and country store along the road, expend- ing a whole bunoh of Spanish wrappers among at least twenty horrified audiences. Ho found himself invariably the first bearer of the intelli- gence, and was so postered with questions that he could not avoid liiliug up the outline, till it became quite a respectable narrativo. He met with.one picco of corroborativo evidenco Mr. Higginbotham was a trader, and a former olerk of bis, to whom Dominicus related the facts, tes- tified that the old gentleman was ueou?tomed to return home through the orchard, about night- fall, with the money and valuable papers of tho ¡ storo in his pocket. The clerk manifested but little grief at Mr. Higginbotham's catastrophe, I hinting-what the pedlar had discovered in bis own dealings with him-that ho was aorusty old fellow, as close aa a vice His property would descend to a pretty niece, who was now keeping school in Kimballton What with telling the news for the public good, and driving bargains for his own, Domini- ons was so much delayed on the road that he chose to put up at a tavern about five miles short of Parker's Falls. After supper, lighting one of his prime cigars, he seated himself in the bar- room, and wen' through the story of the murder, which had grown so fast that it took him half an hour to tell. There were aB many as twenty people in the room, nineteen of whom received it all for gospel. But the twentieth was an elderly farmer, who bad arrived on horscbaok a short time before, and was now seated in a oorner, smoking his pipe. When the Btory waa con- cluded, be rose up very deliberately, brought his chair right in front of Dominicus, and stared him full in the face, puffing out the vilest tobacco smoke the pedlar had ever smelt. " Will you make affidavit," demanded he, in the tone of a oountry justice taking an examin- ation, " that old Squire Higginbotham, of Kim- ballton, was murdered in biß orchard the night before last, and found hanging on his great pear- tree yesterday morning?" " I tell you the story as I heard it, miBter," answered Dominicus, dropping bis half-burnt oigar ; " I don't say that I saw the th ng done, so I can't take my oath that be was murdered exactly in that way." "Bnt I can take mino," said the farmer, " that if Squire Higginbotham was murdered night before last, I drank a glass of bitters with his ghost this morning. Being a noighbour of mino, he called mo into his storo as I was walking by, and treated mo, and then asked mo to do a little business for him on the road. He did'nt seem to know any more about bis own murder than I did." " Why, then, it oan't bo fact !" exclaimed Dominions Pike. " I guess ho'd have mentioned, if it was," said the old farmer ; and he removed his ohair back to the oorner, leaving Dominicus quite down in the mouth. Here was asad resurrection of old Mr. Higgin- botham ! The pedlar had no heart to mingle in ' the conversation any more, but comforted himself with a glass of gin and water, and went to bed, where, all night long, he dreamt of hanging on tho St. Michael's pear-tree. To avoid the old farmer (whom he so detested, that his suspension would have pleased him better than Mr. Higgin botbam's), Dominicus rose in the grey of the morning, put me nttio mare into the green cart, and trotted swiftly away towards Parker's Falls. The fresh breczo, the dewy road, and tho pleasant summer dawn, revived his spirits, and might have encouraged him to repeat the old story, had thore boon anybody awake to bear it. But ho mot neither ox- team, light waggon, ohaise, horseman, nor foot traveller, till, just as ho crossed Salmon River, a man oame trudging down to tho bridge with a bundle over MB shoulder, on the end of a stick. "Good morning mister," said the pedlar, reining in his mare. " If you oomo from Kim ballton or that neighbourhood, may be you oan tell mo the real fact about this affair of old Mr. Higginbotham. Was tho dd fellow actually murdered two or three nights ago, by an Irish- man and a nigger ?" Dominicus had spoken in too great a hurry to observe at first tbat tho stranger himself had a deep tinge of negro blood. On hearing this, sudden question, tho Ethiopian appeared to obange his skin, its yellow hue beaoming a ghastly white, while, shaking and stammering, he thus replied : " No ! no ! There was no oolourcd man ! It was an Irishman that hanged him last night, at eight o'olook. I oame away at seven 1 His folks oan't have looked for him in the orohard yet." Soarcely had the yellow man spoken, when he interrupted himself, and though he seemed weary enough before, continued his journey,at a pace whioh would have kept the pedlar's mare on a smart trot. Dominicus stared after him in great perplexity. If the murdor had not been committed till Tuesday night, who was the prophet that had foretold it, in all its circum- stances, on Tuesday morning ? If Mr. Higgin- botham^ corpse Was not yet discovered by his own family, how came the mulatto, at above thirty mileB distanoe, to know that he was hang- ing in the orobard, especially as ho had left Kiinballton before the nnfortunato man was hanged at all ? These ambiguous oircumstances, with the stranger's surprise and terror, made Dominicus think of raising a hue and cry after him, as an accomplice in the murder ; since a murder, it seemed, had really been perpetrated " But let the poor devil go," thought the pedlar. "I don't want his black blood on my head ; and hanging the nigger wouldn't unhang Mr. Higginbotham. Unhang the old gentle- man ! It's a sin, I know ; but I should hate to have bim come to life the second time, and give me the lie !" With these meditations, Dominicus Pike drove into the street of Parker's Falls, which, as everybody knows, is as thriving a village as three cotton factories and a slitting mill can make it The machinery was not in motion, and but a few of the shop doors unbarred, when he alighted in the stableyard of the tavern, and made it his first business to order the mare four quarts of oats ; his second duty, of course, was to impart Mr Higginbotham's catastrophe to the ostler. He deemed it advisable however, not to be too positive as to the date of the direful faot, and also to bo uncertain whether it were perpetrated by an Irishman and a mulatto, or by the son of Erin alon e. Neither did he pro- fess to relate it on his own authority, or that of any one person ; but mentioned it as a report generally diffused. The story ran through tho town like fire among girdled trees, and became so much the universal talk, that nobody could tell whence it had originated. Mr. Higginbotham was as well known at Parker's Falls as any citizen m the place, being part owner of the slitting mill, and a considerable stockholder in the cotton fac- tories. The inhabitants felt their own prosperity interested in his fate. Such was the excite- ment, that the Parker's Falls Gazette antici- pated its regular day of publication, and came out with half a form of blank paper and a oolumn of double pioa emphasized with capitals, and headed HORRID MURDER OF MR HIGGINBOTHAM ! Among other dreadful details, the printed account described the mark of the cord round the dead man's neck, and stated the number of thousand dollars of whioh he had been robbed ; there was much pathos also about the affliction of hia niece, who had gone from one fainting fit to another, ever since her uncle was found hanging on the St. Michael's pear tree with his pockets inside out. The village poet likewise commemorated the young lady's grief in seventeen stanzas of a ballad. The selectmen held a meeting, and, in con- sideration of Mr. Higginbotham's olaims on the town, determined to issue handbills, offering a reward of five hundred dollars for the appre- hension of his murderers, and the recovery of the stolen property. Meanwhile the whole population of Parker's Falls, consisting of shopkeepors, mistresses of boarding-bouses, faotory girls, millmcn, and schoolboys, rushed into the street, and kept np such a terrible loquacity, as more than compen- sated for the silence of the cotton maohines which refrained from their usual din, out of respect to deceased. Had Mr. Higginbotham oared about posthumous renown, his untimely ghost would have exulted in this tumult Our friend Dominicus, in his vanity of heart, for- got his intended precautions, and mounting on the town pump, announced himself as the bearer of the authentic intelligence which had caused so wonderful a sensation. He im- mediately beoame the great man of the moment, and had just begun a new edition of the narra- tive, with a voice like afield preacher, when the mail-stage drove into the village street. It had travelled all night, and must have shifted horses at Kimballton, at three in the morning. " Now we shall hear all the particulars," shouted the crowd The ooach rumbled up to the piazza of the tavern, followed by a thousand people ; for if any man had been minding his own business till then, he now left it at sixes and sevens, to hear the news. The pedlar, foremost in the race, discovered two passengers, both of whom had been startled from a comfortable nap, to find themselves in the oentre of a mob. Every man assailing them with separate questions, ail pro- pounded at once, the couple were struck speech- less, though one was a lawyer and the other a young lady. " Mr. Higginbotham ! Mr. Higginbotham ! Tell us the particulars about old Mr. Higgin- botham !" bawled the mob. " What is the coroner's verdiot? Are the murderers appre- hended 1 Is Mr. Higginbotham's niece come out of her fainting fits ? Mr. Higginbotham ! Mr. Higginb tham !" .The coachman said not a word, except to swear awfully at the ostler for not bringing him a fresh team of horses The lawyer inside had generally his wits about him, even when asleep. The first thing he did, after learning the oauseof the exoite ment, was to produce "a large red pocket-book. Meantime, Dominicus Pike, being an extremely) polite young man, and also suspeoting that a fe-* ,male tongue would tell the story as glibly as a law- yer's, had handed the lady out of the coach. Sho was a fine, smart girl, now wide awake and bright as a button, and had such a sweet, pretty mouth, that Dominious would almost as lief have heard a love talc from it as a tale of murder. " Gentlemen and ladies," said the lawyer to the shopkeepers, the millmen, and the factory girls, " I can assure you that some unaccountable mis- take, or, more probably, a wilful falsehood, mali oiously contrived to injure Mr. Higginbotham's credit, has oxoited this singular uproar. We passed through Kimballton at three o'clock this morning, and moBt certainly should have been informed of the murder, had any been perpetra ted. But I have proof nearly as strong as Mr. Higginbotham's own oral testimony, in the neg- ative Here is a note relating to a suit of his in the Connecticut Courts, which was delivered to me from that gentleman himself. I find it dated at ten o'dook last evening." So saying, the lawyer exhibited the date and signature of the note, which irrefragably proved either that this perverse Mr. Higginbotham was alive tvheü he wrote it, or-as some deemed the more probable case of two doubtful oies- that he was so absorbed in worldly business as to oon tihue to transact it, even after his death. But unexpected evidence was forthcoming. The young lady, after listening to the pedlar's ex- planation, merely seized a moment to smooth her gown and put her curls in order, and then appeared at the tavern door, making a modest signal to bo heard. " Good people," said she, " I am Mr. Higgin- botham^ nieoe." . , * ¡s A wondering murmur passed through the crowd, on beholding her so rosy and bright ; that same unhappy nieoe whom they had sup- posed, on the authority of the Parker's Falls Gazette, to be lying at death's door in a faint- ing fit. But some shrewd fellowsjiad doubted, all along, whether a young lady would be quite so desperate at the hanging of a rioh old nnole. " You seo," continued Miss- Higginbotham, \ with a Bmile, " that this strange story ÍB quite I unfounded as to myself; and I believe I may affirm it to be equally so in regard to my dear uncle Higginbotham. He has the kindness to give mo a home in his house, though I contri- bute to my own support by teaching a school ' I left Kimballton this morning tospend thevaca ' tion of commencement week with a friend about five miles from Parker's Falls. My genorouB . unole, when he heard me on the stairs, called I me to his bedside, and gave me two dollars and fifty cents to pay my stage fare, and another dol I lar for my extra expenses. He then laid hiB j poeket-book under his pillow, shook hands with ' me, and advised me to take some bisouit in my \ bag, instead of breakfasting on the road. I feel confident, therefore, that I left my beloved relative alive, and trust that I shall find him so on my return." rho young lady curtsied at the olose ot her speech, which was so sensible and well worded, and delivered with suoh graoe and propriety, that overybody thought her fit to be preceptress of the best academy in the State But a stran- ger would have supposed that Mr. Higginbotham was an objeot^of abhorrence at Parker's Falls, and that a thanksgiving had been proclaimed for this murder ; so exeessive was the wrath of the inhabitants on learning their mistake. The millmen resolved to bestow publio honours on Dominious Pike, only hesitating whether to tar and feather him, ride him on a rail, or refresh him with an ablution at the. town pump, on the top of whioh he had deolated bittnelf the bearer of the news. The seleotmen, by adria« of the lawyer,'spoke of proseouting bim for a misdemeanor, in circulating unfounded reports, to the great disturbance of tbe peace of the com- monwealth Nothing saved Dominicus, either from mob law, or a court of justice, but an elo- quent appeal mado by the young lady in his behalf. Addressing a few words of heartfelt gratitude to his benefaotress, he mounted tbe green oart and rode out of town, under a discharge of artillery from the schoolboys, who found plenty of am- munition in tbe neighbouring clay-pits and mud-holes. As he turned his head to exohange a farowell glanoe with Mr. Higginbotbam's nieoe, a ball, of the oonsistenoe of hasty pudding, hit him slap in the mouth, giving him a most grim aspeot. His whole person was BO bespattered with the like filthy missiles that he had almost a mind to ride back and supplicate for the threatened ablution at tbe town pump; for though not meant in kindness, it would now have been a deed of charity. However the sun shone bright on poor Domini- cus, and the mud, an emblem of all stains of un- deserved opprobrium, was easily brushed off when dry. Being a funny rogue, his heart soon cheered up ; nor oould he refrain from a hearty laugh at the uproar which his story had exoited. Tho handbills of the selectmen would cause the commitment of all the vagabonds in the State ; the paragraph in the Parker's tall* Gazette would be reprinted from Maine to Florida, and perhaps form an item in the London newspapers ; and many a miser would tremble for his money- bags and life, on learning the catastrophe of Mr. Higginbotham. The pedlar meditated with much fervor on the oharas of the young school- mistress, and swore that Daniel Webster never spoke nor looked so like an angel as Miss Higginbotham, while defending him from the wrathful populace of Parker's Falls. Dominicos was now on tbe Kimballton turn- pike, having all along determined to visit that place, though business had drawn bim out of tbe most direct road from Morris town. As he ap- proached the scene of the supposed murder, he continued to revolve the circumstances in his mind, and was astonished at the aspeot wbioh which the whole case assumed. Had nothing oocurred to corroborate the story of the first traveller, it might now have been considered as a boax ; bat tho yellow man was evidently ac- quainted either with the report or the fact; and there was a mystery in his dismayed and guilty look on being abruptly questioned. When to this singular combination of incidents it was added that the rumour tallied exactly with Mr. Higginbotham s character and habits of life, and that he had an orobard, and a St. Michael's pear-tree, near whiob he always passed at nightfall, the circumstantial evidenoe appeared so strong, that Dominions doubted whether the autograph produced by the lawyer, or even the niece's direct testimony, ought to be equivalent. Making cautious inquiries along the road, the tbe pedlar further learned that Mr. Higgin- botham bad io his service an Irishman of doubtlul character, whom be had hired without a recommendation, on the score of economy. " May I be banged myself," exolaimed Domi- nicus Pike aloud, on reaching tbe top of a lonely hill, " if I'll believe old Higginbotham is un- hanged till I see him with my own eyes, and hear it from his own mouth ! And as he's a real shaver, I'll have the minister or some other responsible man for an indorser." It was growing dusk when he reached the toll- house on Kimballton turnpike, about a quarter of a mile from the village of this name. His little mare was fast bringing him up with a man on borscbaok who trotted through the gate a few rods in advance of him, nodded to the toll gatherer, and kept on towards the village. Dominicus was acquainted with the tollman, and while making ohange, the usual remarks on the weather passed between tbem. " I suppose," said the pedlar, throwing baok his whiplash, to bring it down like a feather on the mare's flank, " you have not Been anything of old Mr. Higginbotham within a day or two?" ?"Yes," answered the to'1-gatherer. "He passed the gate just before you drove up, and yonder he rides now, if you can see him through the dusk. He's been to Woodfield this after- noon, attending a sheriff s sale there. Tbe old man generally shakes hands and haB a little obat with me ; but to-nigbt, he nodded-as if to say ' charge my toll'-and jogged on ; for wherever He goes, he must alwayB be at home by eight o'olook." " So they tell me," said Dominicus. " I never saw a man look so yellow and thin as the squire does," continued the toll-gatherer. " Says I to myself to-night, he's mote like a ghost or an old mummy than good flesh and blood." The pedlar strained his eyes through the twi- light, and oould just disoern the horseman far ahead on the village road. He seemed to reoog , nise the rear of Mr. Higginbotham ; but through tie evening shawdows, and amid the dust from the horse's feet, the figure appeared dim and unsubstantial ; as if the shape of the mysterious old man were faintly moulded of darkness and i groy light. Dominicus shivered. " Mr. Higginbotham has come back from the other world by way of the Kimballton turn- pike," thought he. He shook the reins and rode forward, keeping about the same distance in the rear of the grey old shadow, till the latter was concealed by a bend of the road. Ou reaching this point, the ' pedlar no longer saw the man on horseback, but found himself at the head of the village street, , not far from a number of stores and two taverns, clustered round the meeting-house steeple. On . his left was a stone wall and a gate, the boun- dary of a woodlot, beyond whiob lay an orchard ; ' farther still, a mowing- field, and last of all, a t house. These were the premises of Mr. Biggin - 1 botham, whose dwelling Btood beside the old 1 highway, but had been left in the background , by the Kimballton turnpike. Dominions knew ' tbe plaoe ; and the little maro stopped short by 1 instinct ; for he was not oonoious of tightening \ the reins. " For the soul of me, I cannot got by this , gate !" said he, trembling. " I never shall be my own man agaiD, till I see whether Mr. Hig- ginbotham is hanging on the St. Michael's pear- tree !" He leaped from the cart, gave the rein a turn round the gate-poBt, and fan along the green path of the woodlot, as if old Niok were chasing behind. Just then the village clock tolled ' eight and as each deep Btroke fell Dominions gave a fresh bound and flew faster than before, till, dim in the solitary centre of the orohard, he saw the fated pear-tree. One great branch stretohed from the old con- torted trunk across the path, and threw the darkest shadow on that one spot. But some i thing seemed to struggle beneath the branch I I The pedlar had never pretended to more courage than befits a man of peaceable occupation, nor i could he acoountfor his valour on this awful emer- gency. Certain it is, however, that be rushed forward, prostrated a sturdy Irishman with the butt-end of his whip, and found-not indeed hanging on St. Michael's peartree, but trembling beneath it, with a halter round his neck-the old, identioal Mr. Higginbotham ! j " Mr. Higginbotham," said Dominions, trema' i lously, " you'ro au honest man, and I'll take your word for it Havo you been hanged or noli ?" If the riddle be not already guessed, a few words will explain the simple machinery by which this " coming event" was made to " cast its shadow before." Three men had plotted the robbory and murder of Mr. Higginbotham ; two of them, successively, lost oourage and fled, eaoh l delaying the crime one night by their disappear- ance ; the third was in the act of perpetration« j when a champion,blindly obeying the call of fate, ' like the heroes of old romanoe, appeared in the person of Dominicus Pike. 1 It only remains to say that Mr. Higginbotham , took the pedlar into high favour, sanctioned bia addresses to the pretty schoolmistress, and settled his whole property on their ohildren, allowing , themselves the interest. In due time, the old. i gentleman oapped tbe climax of his favours by j dying a Christian death, in bed, since which i melancholy event Dominions Pike bas removed > from Kimballton, and established a large tobacco ' manufactory in my native village. i ""» On a great display night at the Crystal Palace it is usual to use 2,000 rockets, flights of 100 shells, 600 Roman candles and 400 coloured" lights. On snob, an occasion there is about a mile and a half of rooket stick used. These sticks arc very light, and seem to be of olean pine boards, sawn one way and cut with laneet points the other. Daring the last season on several occasions more than 200 persons bato been engaged in firing displays at the Crystal Palaoe, including 100 boys holding coloured lights as a salute. At each of these displays] j ton of fireworks are burnt. The oasoades of fire I are sometimes as muoh as 90ft. and 100ft aboV4 I the level of the grand terraoe. 