23 ? K § TALES AND SKETCHES, , TSE FOOL OF FIVE F0RE3. Aluiite'Hl*.' Idiot Asylum 'was completed, one day there drifted into the valley B mtOB* csvalrade of ^-sebool-msrms,' teachers of the Sn Francisco public schools, ant for s ha&asy.; Sot severely-spectacled Mmwvsssud chastely arisen and mailed PsHsses, but, I fear for the security of Fini Forks, -very .human, cbjuxiime^ sad im- ehievous young woman. At least, ?- tbe nun thought, workiagm toe ditches and tunneung on tbe hiD-slue; and when, in Ac interests of Science snd tbe mental adraaee rant of Juvenile Posterity, it wss finally tatted test they should stay in Fin Forks two or three dsys for die stka of visiting the mion mmes, and parlieulsrly the vButztnf! Star' Taand, there on Boms flatter of masculine anxiety. Tbere wss a considerable inquiry for ? store dothes,' ? hopeless overhauling of old and disused raiment, and a general demand for « boned shirts ' and tbe barber. Meanwhile, with that sanrenw andacitj and impudent hardihood of tbe sexwben gregsrions, tin aenoohnamn rode through tbetown, admir '? ingopeoljAebandHHnefteeianlBianlyfilenres rlatt looked up from Jfae ditches or rose behind the cars ofore at the moutfasof tunnels. Indeed, its sBeged that Jenny Forester, bseked and supported by seven other equally eliimelese jimng women, had openly sod tnbuely waTed herbtDdfcemhiefto da florid Bcicnlna of Fire Fata— one Tom Flrnn, formerly of Virginia— leaving (Sat good-natured but not over-bright gnat pnumg Ins bloods mustaches in bashful ?nazement. It was a pleasant June afternoon that Km Helly Arnot. Principal of the primary depart ment of one of tbe public ecbbobi of Sao Fran cisco, Baring ended her companions, resolved tt-put*ntti onention a nian -which had lsi»V sprang np m her eonraeaout and misenief-4o*ine nmey. With tint wonderful and mnterioos instinct of her sex. from whom no secrets of toe affections are ha and to whom all hearts are laid open, -she had heard the story of Haw Km1 folly and tfae existence of the «Lliot Asylum.'' Alone, on Hawkins* HOI, ehe bad determined to penetrate its sednsion. Skirting the underbrush at the foot of the hm, she managed to keep tbe heaviest timber between beneV and tbe 'Blazing Star' Tnnnel at its 'base, a well as die cabin of Hawkins, half way ftp the ascent, oata, by a circuitous mote, at last she reached, unobserved, themmmir. Befere her rase, silent, darkened motSontae, tbe object of her search. Here her courage ftned her, with all lie characteristic in eonasqoencs of her sex. A sodden bar of all tbe dangers she had safely passed— bean, tarantulas, drunken men, and lizards'— came noon her. For a moment, as she afterward ' M ? il it. 'She thought she should die.' With this belief, probsbly. she' estbered three lay stones, which she conld hatdly lift, for tba pnprose of throwing a great distance ; pot two hair-pins in ber month, and carefully readjusted ?wUl both hands two stay braids ot 'Mr lovely bine-black mane which had fiuTen in gathering tinstones. Hen ehe felt in the pockets of her linen dmter for her card-case, handkerchief pocxeUnok, and smeHing-intb-, and finding them inact, suddenly assumed an sir of easy, lsdjBke unconcern, went up the steps of the versoaah, and demurely Dolled tbe front door bell, sines she knew would not be answered. After a decent puns, she walked around the en arajpsssmg '™'' examining tne dosed shatters of tbe French windows azrnl she found -me that yielded to her touch. Hereshe passed again to adjnst k« coquettish hat byjthe mirror like surface of tfae long sash window that re flected tne fid tensA of her pretty figure. And' then she opened the window and entered the Although lone dosed, the house had a smeQ of newness and pf fresh paint (hat was quite un like the mouldinese of tbe conventional haunted house. The bright carpets, .the cheerful walls, tbe fifis! Hiring afl-dolia), were qmte inconsistent with tbe idea of a ghost Witt childish curiosity she began to explore the silent boms, at first thnidly— opening the doors with a violent posh, and then stepping back from the threshold to make good a. possible retreat; and then more boldly, as she became convinced of her security aad absolute loneliness. In one of the chambers, tbe largest, there were sresh flowers in a wse— erideotly gatbered that morning; and what seemed still more, remarkable, tbe pitchers and ewers were fleshly filled with water. This obliged Mha BeDy to notice another angular fact, namely, that the boose was free from dust — the one man oUnsin and penetrating visitor of Fire Forks. She floats and earoen had h~. repenflysarept, the chaini and furniture carefully wiped and dusted. Ifthebonsearajhsnnted.it was possessed by a spirit who hasT none of the usual indisferenee to aee*T and monld. And vet the beds had evidently neser been slept in, tfu, very eprmgs of the chair in which abe eat ere iked shffly at tbe novdly, the closet doors opened with the reloetance of fresh paint sad varnish, ?Jdin.pite of the ramth, daanlmeat, and cbeeenunesB of fbmitaze and decoration, there was none of the ease of tenancy sod onmitiou. fjKss^ Bdlyafiaward confessed, dSmnged to ?-tnmble Amp. around,- and when she racbed t&e; parteor or drawmg-room aeain, she could hardlyresat As deSu Earteosrly m Ac tempted by a dosed piano, that stood mntely agamsttfaewslL She thought she would open rtjinttoseewhowastheaialer. IfcstAnie, itwonldbenonarmtobyitafame. She did so. wiJione little foot on the soft pedaL But bQb Jfelly ana too goods player, and too eoOuiaastic a nimiirTim to stop at bag messmes. She tried itBgam— flusttne so sincerely that the whole house seemed to spring mto nice. !Oen she stopped and BBroed. There was no response— file empty roona seemed to ban tdsfsedinto their 3d stfllnesa. Sbe stepped outoo the Tcrsaaah— s woodpeekBr ?»«~mn»«T^ hj, tapping on an adjseent Ixee^die rattle oficart in tbe rocky gulch below Ae hul cams bind; op. So one was to be seen fsr or sear. Itisa KeOy, reassured, returned. She agab ran bar fingers over tbe keys— (unpsd, caught at i melodT Tanning in Ber miad, half played tt^ and then threw away all eantion.- Before fire minn'eahad elapsed she had entirely foegottea beradf, and with ber linen dnater thrown aside, her straw bat flung on the piano, ber white hands bared, and a. Uaek loop of her brained hair banging noon her shoulder, «n» fairly embarked opbn a flowing sea of musical reooBeetion. She had played perhaps half an hour, when, having just finished an elaborate symphony and resting ber hands, on tbe keys, she heard very distinctly sad unmistakably the sound of ap plause Cram without. In an instant the fires of shame and indignation leaped info ber cheeks, and she rose from the instnnneut and ran to tbe window, only m time to catcb sieht of a doseu figures in bine snd. red flannel shirts vanishing through tbe bees below. Hiss Nelly's mind was tntantiy nude op. I dank I have already intimated that under tbe stnnuloa of excitement abe was not wanting in courage, and as ehe quietly resumed ber gloves, hat, snd duster, she was not perhaps exactly the young person that it would be entirely saf for tbe timid, embarrassed, or inexperienced of my arctvneet alone. 8he shut down tbe pi«no. an i having carefully redosed all the windows snd doors, and.restored the house to ita former desolate condition, she stepped from the verandah, and proceeded directly to the cabin of the namtdleetnal Hnrkma, that reared its adobe chimney above tbe ombnge a quarter of amHe below. Tbe door opened insbuiaV to her impnlstre knock, and tbe Fool of Tin Forts stood before her. Kelly had never before seen the msa designated by this tnfclicitotis title, and as be stepped backward in half courtesy and half astonishment she was for tbe moment discon certed. He was taD, finely formed, and dark bearded. Above cheeks a Hide hollowed by care and Ol-hesltb shone a pair of bare! eyes very large, very gentle, but inexpressibly sad and momaful. Una was certainly not tbe kind oT man Hiss ifeDy bad expected to see, yet after her first embarrassment had passed, the very circnmstance,oddlyeDaueb, added to her in more deeply. Nevertheless tbe arch hypocrite instsnily changed her tactics with the swift intuition of ber sex. ' I have come.'1 sbe said with a dazzling smile, infinitely more dangerous than ber former digni fied severity. ' I have come to ask your pardon for a great liberty I have just taken. I believe the new house above us on the bill is yours. I was BO mini pleased with its exterior that I left ?nj ?mous i0r a mumcm; neuw Here, she con tmoed artfully, with a aught wave of (he bands as if indicating a band of tearless Amazon, without, and waiting to avenge any possible in eolt. offered to oue of their nnrnber~'and ventured to enter it- Finding it unoccupied, sa I had been toH, I am sfraidl had tbe audacity to sit down and amuse myself for s. few moments at the piano— «hue wailing for my frimds. Hawkins raised fats beautiful eyes to ben. He saw a very pretty girt, with &»nk grey eye. glistening with excitement, with two red alighty freckled, ebeeks showing a, lhxU under his eyes, with, a short scarlet upper !a- turned back, like a rase leaf, over a liSelineof white teeth, as she breathed somewhat horriedlv in' ber nervous excitement. He saw all this calmly, quietly, and, save for the natural nuesstnesBofs of Ms pulse. sguiclaBing- 'IkMwed it,' he sai4 simply. 'Iheerdy. aa I kem up. jhiss neuy was ranaas «t 3mt grammar, his dialed, his coolnejs, and still more at die susaieiou that be was an setive member of bar invisible calagme. ' Ah,' she said, etui smUinc, 'then I Brink I 'Ireckonmt-heintennptedgntBly. 'I didn't stay long. I found the boys fasngine round the house, and I allowed at first Td ep in and kinder warn you, but they promised to keep stilL and -vou looked so nmnfm«.Kla «»J -~. ? 4 up in your music, that I hadn't the heart to disturb you, and kem sway. I hope,' be added earnestly, » they didn't let on a. they heard you. Tfaeysin'tsbad lot— them Blazin' Star boys— though they're a little hard at times. But they'd no more hurt ye then they would a— a— a eat!' continued Mr. Hawkins, blushing with a tsirrtapprehension of the ineleganc* of bis 'So! nor said Hits Kelly, feeling suddenly very sngry with herself, tfae Fool, snd the entire male population ot Fire Forks. 'Ho! I hare behaved foolishly, I suppose— and if they iad it would haveaerred me tight. But I only wanted youTefT ££ly ?'' ' -'**** ' she turned to eo. Mr. Hawkim hm,. in ted embarrassed. 'W have asked ye to ait down,' fa .said, finally, - a ft fcaj ban . pbee fit for a lady. I oughter done so, ennv way. I do?f'£?ow '£* **-* '*' fa™n '«- »J«t I ain't well, *D«s. Times I get a sort o' dumb seer— tfs tfae ditches I think, Hiu— and I dou'tseem to bev my wns about me.' Instantly Miss Arnot ana all sympathy— her ouiek woman's heart waa touched. 'Can I— can anything b« done?' she asked more timidly than she had before spoken. ' No !— not cralesa ye remember Hrthirf about these tnils.^ He exhibited a box eontsinine about half a doren. -I forget the direction— I don t seem to remember modi, any way, these Jmes— they're ?Jones' Vegetable Compound.' ETye'Te ever took 'em yeTI remember whether «he regiar doss is eight. 'a»y ami but six here. But perhaps ye aner took anv.' he added, depiaathudj. 'Ho,' «add IGss HeBy, enrfly. She had usosDf a keen sense of the Indicroas, but some: raw lEr. Hwluna* *3eeeobsafy otHy |%»..s»m1 'WHl yon let me seeyoo to the footofibe MB,'neesid again, after another embarrassing Mias Amot felt instantly that neb an act wooH condsne ber trespass in the eyes of the world. She might meet some «f her invisibb adminzs — or even bar cflaapsnions and, with all ber erratic impulses, ehe was nevertheless a woman, and did not entirely SespiM the verdict oT eonventionalay. She smiled sweetly and assented, and in another moment tbe two ware lost in the shadows of the wood. . lake many other apparently trival acts in an uneventful life, it was decisive. Aa she expected, sbe met two or three of her late snplsuders, whom, she tandsd, looked -sheepish and embarrassed ; and s]ae met also her eompauione looking for her in some alarm, who really appeared as her escort, and, abe fancied, a trine envious of ber evident suceas-. I fear that IGss. Arnot, in response to their anxious inquiries, did not state entirely tfie truth, but without actual aseertion,!ed them to believe that sbefaxjiste very early stage of the proceeding subjugated this weak-minded giant, and had brought tin, triumphantly to ber feet. From Telling Ibis story two or three times she got finally heUering diatehehad some foundation for it then to a vague sort of dear.: thst it would eventually prove to be true, and then to an equally vagun yearning to hasten that consummation. That it would redound to any satisfaction of the Fool she did not stop to doubt. That it would core him ofbis folly she was quite confident. Indeed, tu *Ts? «w vtry few of us— men or women^-who do not believe that even a bopdess love for our selves is more conducive to tbe salvation of the lover than a teqoitterl affection for another. Tbe enbeism of Five Forks was, as lbs reader may imagine, swift and conclusive. When it was found out that Hiss Arnot was not 'the Hacnmasoneraiiiugas a yoong snd pretty-girl, co the ultimate deception of Five Fork, in general and the Fool in particular, it was at once decided that nothing but the speedy onion of the Fool ond tbe 'pretty sehoolmsrm' was eonab'ent with ordinary common sense. Tbe singular good fortone of Hawkins was quite in accordance with the th.-ory of hi. lock as pro pounded by Die camp. That after 'the Hai fiued to make her appearance be should ' strike lead' in b» own bouse, without the trooble oi ' prospectmV seemed to these casuists as a wonderful but inevitable law. To add to these teetulprobabnitiea. Was Amot Ml and sprained her^nHeintbe ascent of Mount Lincoln, and was confined for some weeks to the hotel after -J°2pl™1n- ^ «S«P««ed- During this period ffagkftg m -£tfn, hot iretoqnely at tentive. When, after a reasonable tune bad elapsed, tnerestJB appeared to be m immediate preapset of tbe occupancy of the new bouse, pnhhe opinion experienced a sjngolsr change in regard to us theories at Mr- Hawkins' conduct. 'TheHag- was looked upon at a saint-like aod lonpsufiWnng m^tJT totill. wnknosa and in oonswfaneyof tfae EnL Hist, after erecting «ns new faause at her reuoest, he had suddenly 'gone back' «n her. thai his eelibaev was the resell of a Ion' fcabil of weak proposal and snbseguent shameless rejecdon, and that he was now tryinghis bead oh the helpless sduobnsrm. V* Jf*°?» P'*' to «' F'*». That l-e ?bould be frustrated in his =Jtempb,st env cost ««Snanyp!«nr Hn DTeDr suddenly found heraett inTeeted-wfta a rude ebiialry that would have been amusing hsd it not been at times embarrsssmg ; that would have been impertinent but lor the almost aansnusious respect wift ?Wei lit was pmfiered. Bvery day somebody ban Five Forks rode out tooquire Uie health of the fiur parieut. 'Het Hawkins bin over yer lo-oay.- queried Tom Flynn, witi artful jsm and indmeresee a- be leaner] over Miss BeDyseaiy-diairorj tbe verandah. Miss Nelly, with a bint pink flush on her cheek, was constrained to answer 'Ko.' - WeU, be sorter sprained bis foot anin a rock yesterday.' con tinued Flynn, with shameless untruthfalneaa. 'You musVt think anvtbiug o' that, IGss Arnot. He'll be over yer to-morrow, and mean time he told me to band tbu yer bookay vrith his re-gars, and this yer specimen*?' And Hr. Flynn laid down tbe flowers be had racked en route against such an emergency, snd presented respcctfaUy s piece of quartz snd gold which be had lakes that morning from bis own sluicebox. ' Ton mustn't mind Hawkins' ways, Hiss Belly,' said another sympsttnrinK miner 'There ain't a better man in camp than that tbeer Cy Hawkins!— but be don't understand tfae srayso' tbe world witfa wimen. He hasn't mixed as much with society aa the rest of us,' he added, with an elaborate Cherterfieldian ease of manner, 'but be means well.- Heanwhue a Jew other sympathetic tanne)-men were impressing upon Mr. Hawkins the neosasuy of me erestest sttenbon to tbe invalid. 'It won't do^ Ha-km.,' they explained, - to let Oat there fal go back to San Franchoo and ay that when she was «ck and alone, the only man in Five Forks under whose roof she hsd rested, and at whose table she sat '—this was considered anatnral but pariooahle exaggeration ofrbetoric' — ° ever threw ot on ber ; ana A shan't be done. & ain't die square thing to Fire Forks.' And Ifaen tfae Fool would rush away to the valleVi and be received by Miss KeHy witfa * certain reserve of manner that finally disappeared in a flush of colour, some increased vivacity, and a pardonable coquetry. And so the daTS passed ? Has SeOy grew better in health and Bore traoUed. in mind, and Mr. Hawkins because more and ,«« embarrassed, and Fire Fork, smiled and rubbed its hands, ani waited for the apfjtuachmg dfmowrmemt. And then it came. to* ^*^lun' 'm &e; nanner that Five Forks It was a lovely afternoon in Job that a party orBsstamtmristsrade into Five Forks. Sev hsd just » done ' the Valley of Big Xbingi, *nd lere being one or two Rastern '?trtalistti amone **JS*?- *; r*»i«n«-u advisaU. tjat a proper P»™»iS« 'I the practicsl miniog resources of ^^mshonld be«dded to tb-r experimc. «™emere|y picturesgne in Katnre. JJiua far averyllliug had been aatisbctory z tne amonnt of tt-TM ridden TOujd cW tto igif^; met thoogb. tbe prostate trunk cf^SkacTx. say that they were deUghtodii to eiarressleahlT tbe endinsiasm of these ladies and gerdkmen, drank frita tbe dounpaguy hotaflajity of tbar entertainers, the utter nevdiy of scene, and Use drv.exbuarating air of tbe valley. Ooeortwe bad alreaay expressed themsdvn ready to live and die (bere ; another bad written a (Howesc account to tbe Eastern press, deprseiatmg afi otb«r aeenery in Europe sod Ameries ;' asst under tboe eireumstanesa it was reasonably expected that Fire Forks would do its duty, and equally impress the stnnger after, ita own fashion. Letters to this effect were sent bom San Fraociseo by prominent cspilalists there,' and under the able superintendence of oamc^tbeir agents, tile visitors wore taken in hand, shewn '? what was to be seen,' carefully lrslijajnejl from observing what ought not to be viaiblr, add eo kept in a blissful and enfbnqasbe con dition. And so tbe graveysrd of Five Forks, in which bat two of the oceunsnts had died naottsl deaths, and dreary, ragged' cabins on the bill aides, with their sad-eyed, cynical,' ornken spirited occupant*, toiling on, day by dsy, tor a miserable pittance and a fare that a sdfreapect ing Eastern mechanic would have euouuufly rejected, were not a part of the Eastern visitor/ recollection. But the hoisting works and midiinery of the 'Blazing Star Itasmel Company' was —the BUrimj Star Tnnnel Company, wboBe'gCTtirmsnlr Superintendent' had received private informatioo from San Fran o*c3 to do ihe ' proper ffamg' £m* tbe paety^ Wherefore die valusble besps of ore in tbe company's works were sfanm, tfaeoalong ban of gold-ready for shiprnant-were pbrrmBy offired to the ladies who ctmld hTt and sow tlrern away nnsided. and even the tnnnel assaY, gloomy, fateful, and peculiar, was sbowa-as pact of the experience ; and. in the coble langnaca of of one correspondent, ' the wealth of Five Forks and tfae peculiar inducements that rtoftered to Eastern cspitsiists' were estsbusbed beTooda. doubt. And Gben occurred a little undent whieii, as an unbiassed epecnUorB I am tue to . say offered no inducements to anybody what ever, hot which, for its bearing «pon the *— *— » figure of this veracious chronicle, reannutXMaa oven It bad become apparent to one or two more practical and sober-minded in tbe patty 4hat cerrain pontons 01 cue xtiazing oiar^ Auanel —(owing, perhaps, to the exigencies ore flntnK ing annual dividend) ^ieie 'scouomiesHy aaal imperlecdy 'ahored' and saapetted, and were consequently unsafe, insecure, *ni to be avoided. Srvertbelesa, at a time when champagne aorta were popping in dark ismaMs, andsaaAnsBssblc voices and happy laughter rung through tbe half- lighted leveb and gaOerks, thereteme . sudden and mysterious silence. A few lights dashed swiftly by in the direction of a distant part of the eallery. and then there was a sudden sharp issuing of orders and s doll, ominous rumole. Some of tbe visitors turned pale— one Something had happened. What ? ?? Sotting' — tlid epearkwr is fluent but uneasy — .«? one of OwgenHemenintTjingtod^odgemBpecunen from the wall bad knocked away a support, there bad been 'a ea«'— the gentleman was caught and buried below ha shouUers. It was all right — they'd get him out in a moment— anly it required great care to keep from extend ing tfae -eave.' Difln't know Us name-it was that little man— tbe husband of that lively baV with tfae Hack eyes. Eh! Hullo there! Stop her. ForGoffs sake!— not that wayl SUIT fell frncn that shaft. Shell beiulM! But «iie lively lady was aiready gone. With -tsringUaek eyes, imploringly trying to pierce the gloom, with hsnds and feet thst eougbtto balt«r and break down tba thick darkness, wait incoherent cries snd supplications^ fouowmg tbe moving of ignitf alias ligbta ahead, ahe ran and ran swiftly! l?i ? 111 luaisalliiiiiii fnuuiLl_ ran by yawning gufas, tm past baching galleries and arches, ran .wOdly, ran o^spsirittgl^ ran blindly, and at last ran into the arms of tbe Fool of Five Forks. Xn an instant she caught at ins hand. ' Oh, save him!' sbe cried; 'you belong bere— yon know this dreadful place; bring me to !???» Tell me where to go and what to do, I imnlom you! Quid., he is dying. Come!' l He raised bis eyes to ben, and then, with a sudden cry, dropped tbe rope and crowbar be he was carrying, and reeled against the watt. 'Annie!' he gasped, slowly, 'is it you? - She caught at both bis hands, brought ber bee to his with staring eyes, murmured ' Good Qod, Cyrus !' and sank upon ber knees before He tried to disengage tbe hand (hat sbe wrufg with passionste eotresty, ' No, no ! Cyrus, you will forgive ns-jm -ffl forget the pwt! God ha. sent yoVfi-re to-day. You will oome witfa me. Ton wffl— 'Save wuo ?' cried Cyras, hoarsely. ?MybBsband!' J The blow wu so direct-so strong ana over whelming— that even through her — nnhiuiin and tnore selfish aibsorptian she saw St tntna neeaCtfaeman, snd pitied him. ' I thought— yon— knew— it !' she (altered. He did not speak, but looked at her witfa fixed, dumb eye*. And then tbe abund of distant voices and hurrying sect ?bated ber again into passionate life. Bhe once nure canght his band. 'O Cyrus! bear me! IT you bava loved me through all tbese yean, von will not Ua me now. Ton must save him! Ton caa! Ton are brave mad strong— yon alwssa warn! Cyrus! Ton -ill s^veiunTqvB»a7ior!»t aUe-for lie «le of your lore 6ro«« V-i will— Iknowit! Crod bless yotri- ' She rose ss if to follow him, butatacestare of command abe stood stul. Be Dicked up tbe tvpeaad crowbar slowly, smd in s dazad, bunded way that, in her agony of impstienoe and alarm, seemed protracted to emel innonv. TbenJh« turned, and nJaing ber hand to ha Qua. kissed aabwiy, looked at ber a»ain-amlVhs next He did not return. For at die end of tbe next half hour, when they bud before ber ifae UIf«-nw»Ds breatUnc body of tar Imsbaod, .Je^BobarmrfJmtforeduMtwnMdKHne ?Mttoraiao. ate learned nut tfremst lean of dafworkRHA bad ten nsNKO. In releasing tanawwna lamina taken place. Thevlnl bariytimetomatdi away tbel»aple-biiyof '. her junband belbre thj atraag frame of bis wtnaner.jfyna Hawfcios, msatrocx andemittim r' diniiilupW fir On boon be lay there, crashed aad lauil II lilllhed. with* beny beam lyins across b»*res«t, in sight of all, eonaaous and pstient. For two boors Uiey had Ubonred around him, wadly,4a-pairingly. hopdulli, with the riluof gods and the Kitogtl) of gisnto. and at die mA dt that fine tbey came to en upright timber which mtad its baae npan tbe beam, Ih-re WB-skcryJT»raie9, aad ooe wx almdy swmgmg inlKswir, wben tbe dymg man called to Ihem, CBebbre '.Wby?' 'sit vul bring down the whole gaUerr with it.' ? .. Ml£aooeof tbs foundations of my foonse.*1 9be«z.-iBU fivm tbe workman** hand, and with « blanched Ace he turned tohu fallows. It was too true. Tbey were in the uppermost caQery. and the 'cave' had taken place directly below tbe new house' After a pause the Fool epoke wgatn wiora leebly. 'Sbelady!-qoi-*' Tbey brought her— a wretched, ftmiing «nal»n% witb pslh'd face and etneaminc; eyes — aadieH back as she bent lier Csee above him. 'It was built for yoa, Annie, dsriine,' be ?aidtnahuTriedwhuprr, *fand hss been waring up lacre 4br you and me &U; thfee long d*y». Tufe deeded . to you, Annie, and yon must— lire there— wH* *u».' He will not pimd that I abaH be «lwayrnear tod — for it etands above — tnygT«»er Aid be was right. In a few minutes later, 'WbeiLbe bad passed' away, they did not more Um,botutbj bis body all night with a torch at his lest and bead. ' And tbe next day tbey wmBea^op the gallery as a rsult, but they put no snwfc or aign theraon, tmeting rather 4a the mmy^., tbit, bright and cheerful, rose above hirnln tbe innagbt of the hill. For they said : . ^Xbisis not an evidence of death and gloom and ?orrowjsw are other 'monuments, but is a mga of life and light and Hope. wheraSore ehallaU men kaojr tbat he who . ties under it — it a Foolr., 1 .'- , wexsd 