1 THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL. We (Argus) have received by way of Sydney our files and correspondence brought by the San Francisco mail steamer Mikado. The following is a summary of the news, prepared by our San Francisco correspondent :-' ' ' ' ' ' 1 ' J SAN FRANCISCO, August 19 . , , GREAT BRITAIN. The Stockton Rail Mills Company have suspended, consequent upon the failure of Shaw and Thompson, iron merchants. Liabilities estimated at £500,000 ,, - FRANCE. The Assembly has passed the bill relative to the proposal tunnel between England and France. [A private bill with reference to the same project has already passed both Houses of the British Parliament.] , t¡ The customs returns for the last six months show an increase in receipts of 2,000 000f. over the corresponding period of last year. The total revenue of the country for the same time increased 70,00 000f. over 1874. 'The action brought by the publishers of Napoleon's Life of Caesar against the author's heirs has been dismissed with costs. The publishers claimed 167,O00f. for non-completion of the work. The Court of Appeals has confirmed the judgment by which Courbet, the artist, was ordered to pay the cost of restoring the Voudome column. Government has prohibited the sale of Mr. Gladstone's anti Papal pamphlets. I Over 80,000 visitors, principally Bonapartists, celebrated the fete of Napoleon on August 14 by attending high mass to his memory at St. Augustine' Church. - GERMANY. The Bavarian election returns indicate that the Electoral College will consist of 70 Liberal and 70 Ultraniontaues. The Ultramontanes Baron Lee, for a treasonable' speech in 1873, has been sentenced to six months', and Herr Sigel, editor of Vaterland, of Munich, to 10 month's imprisonment. The editor is punished for treasonable utterances. A special despatch to the Post from Berlin reports that the Bishop of Paderborn, who escaped from Wesel, has arrived at Toulon, in Holland, and will go to Rome. It is rumoured that he will receive a cardinal's hat as a reward for his sufferings. SWITZERLAND. The Old Catholic Conference commenced at Bonn on the 12th. There were present about 30 English and American clergymen, and several'archiman- drives and bishops of the Eastern Church. Dr. Dollinger opened the proceedings with an address that lasted an hour. The business of the conven- tion is the consideration of Dr. Dollinger pla of confederation and ante-communion among the separated churches. The conference was occupied on the 13th in discussing the procession of the Holy Ghost. ' -- ' ' ' " RUSSIA. Official reports represent that the wheat crop will be a good average i Two students and two citizens charged with Socialistic tendencies and with being implicated in the movement, have been convicted, and sentenced each to 10 years' imprisonment. ! . DENMARK, v Hans Christian Andersen, the poet and novelist, - died of cancer on the 4th, aged 70. The obsequies took place on tho 11th, at the Frau Kirche Cathedral and were touching and impressive. The King and the royal family, with the Ministers and chief officers of Government, assisted. Deputations were present from all parts of the kingdom. There were representatives of public bodies, the diplomatic corps, the faculty and students of the University, workmen's societies, gentlemen of the press, and an immense congregation of citizens, who filled every part of the edifice. The casket was covered with hundreds of wreaths, laurels, and floral offerings, many of which were sent from Germany and other countries. The day was made one of national mourning throughout Denmark. , In Copenhagen business was suspended, and flags set at half-mast. A CHOLERA IN DAMASCUS. The secretary of the Universal Alliance, in a letter to The Times, says :-" According to [accounts from Damascus to the 22nd of July, the cholera was raging there. Four hundred cases were reported daily, but the real number, was concealed. The Christian quarter of the place is [deserted. Sudden deaths occur in the streets of the city. There are' no physicians, medicines, or supplies for the treat ment of the sufferers. The disease is also bad at Antioch, Herr Heins, Hamau Hannan, and Salahiyah, and among the Di uses. The mission schools are closed and the children have diBperad." AMERICAN SUMMARY. Several prominent citizens have been indicted in St. Louis, Mo., on account of whiskey frauds. No information has yet been received of the missing aeronauts, Donaldson and Grimwood, who ascended from Chicago on the 15th July. The prevailing opinion is that they perished in the storm that prevailed on Lake Erie on the night succeeding their departure. A reward of 700 dol. has been offered for their recovery, and several tugs have searched in vain. ' Dormay B. Eaton has gone to England to seek to recover two and a half million dollars for the Erie Railroad Company. The sum remains in the hands of the London Banking Association and James McHenry. A terrible fight occurred at Tuscumbia, Alabama, on the 21st July, between two families, named Bartlett and Riots, in which six men, consisting of the father and two sons on each side, were engaged. Five of the party were killed outright, while the sixth and last has a load of buckshot in his body which must cause his death. It is the result of an old family feud. \- The boy murderer, Pomeroy, now under sentence of death, was discovered in an attempt to escape ( from the Charles-street gaol, Boston, where he is at present confined. , Secretary Fish has informed Major Wickham, of New York, that a band of counterfeiters, with head quarters at Bin colons, Spain, are preparing to issue in New York, lB,000,000doI. of contingent notes on the Bank of England and Bank of France. The negroes have assumed the offensive at East Feliciana, Louisiana, and are collecting and anning throughout the parish for the supposed purpose of capturing the town of Clarion. The mixed train on the Nm thorn Pacific Railroad went through a bridge 50ft, high, crossing the Mississippi, near Braiuard, on the 20th July, killing several persons. A crevasse in the Mississippi bank has, occured at Fort Perry, opposite Friar's Point, below Memphis. The volume of water pouring through the break into the submerged cornfields is said to be to rifle. Henry Ward Beecher will, it is said, abandon the lecture platform almost entirely, and devote his attention to building up The Christian Union and completing his Life of Christ. The New York Herald announces a proposition for a new trial in the Beecher case, and characterises the course of the counsel in reference thereto as '?' the repetition of a nasty drama which for months occupied the attention of the country. The whole Tilton business," at says has been a sham from beginning to end. Tilton was a sham plaintiff, striving for a sham verdict. He sued for damages, while he did'nt want to prove the guilt of a wife whose faults he had condoned, to vindicate a reputation which he himself had destroyed, but to overthrow an antagonist with whom he had entered into a league and covenant of peace. Tiltou's position is such that the best service friendship can render is to keep him out of the court-room. There can be no position more degrading than a man of so much power to spend months in the presence of a jury asking vindication at tho expense of a wife whose offences he had pardoned, and of the children the had borne. The new suit will be brought by Tilton, nevertheless." Francis D. Moulton proposes to bring an action against Henry Ward Beecher for perjury, while he was stopping at the White Mountains, V. P, James li. Fay and John Hale, cabin passengers in the Klnpstock, from Havre to New York, have been arrested, and in their possession was found, among other jewellery, Borne answering to the description of the family jewels lately stolen from the Countess of Dudley, in Paris. Charles L. Morriss, a resident of Australia, is plaintiff in a suit before the San Francisco courts, for restitution and accounting for property purchased by him in 1842 in this city, and now hold by other parties. Shortly after the purchase he went to Australia as supercargo of the barque Florida, and had not been heard from till the present time, when he appeals to claims his rights. The Misses Alice and Dickie Lingard, actresses of Home reputation, purpose leaving for Australia by the steamer Cooma on the 15th prox. Their speciality is French society plays, of which they will take a large repertoire. At present they are playing " The Two Orphans " at the California to crowded houses. Madame Ai abolla Goddard gave a concert on the 13th and 14th at., her farewell to California. They were both well attended. The features were Sir William Sterndale Bennett's " The Maid of Orleans" and Sir Julius Benedict's fantasia on " The Star Spangled Banner," a composition' originally written for Madame Goddard, and never before produced in this country. ShognoBto New York to prepare for the business of the coming season. Rumour has it that she will be associated with Mine. Titjuns in a concert tour proposed by ¡in/>rcwiWo Stiokosch throughout the United States. Trouble is expected in the Black Hills country, the nnwly-cUBonvoi ed mining region, The troops find it impossible to over the miners, according to the orders of the War Department, and the Italians who own thotoirltory, are preparing for a war of extermination on their own account. Theodore Tilton has commenced a libel suit against the Brooklyn Eagle, placing his damages at lOO.OOOdol,-au outgrowth of the Hocohor case. A call far 10,000,000dol. worth of bonds has been issued by the Treasury department, the Syndicate having made another subscription for that sum. This leaves 38,587,550 deal. of new 5 per cent, bonds in the hands of the secretary, and the Syndicate has time until November loth to take this amount. 'A suit has been brought by James S. Whalen, of St. Charles's Parish, Louisiana, against General Sheridan, to recover 358,7 8doL" the value of sugar, molasses, mules, stables, etc., confiscated by defendant in 1867, while in command in that state. The defence is, the General only obeyed orders. Lulu has taken the place of Goldsmith Maid, as queen of the turf. In the four mile match at the Driving Park, Rochester, New York, on the 14th, after losing the first, she beat the Maid in the three following heats. Time 2min. 15sec, 2min. 15sec., 2min. 15sec, 2min. 17sec. The three last hearts are the best ever made consecutively. A large portion of the town of Millbrook, Ontario, has been destroyed by fire. Thirty or 40 people are burned out. Loss, lOO.OOOdol. The particulars of a horrid crime committed two years ago has just been made public. It is in effect that two sisters named Sutherland, who took passage in the schooner May E. Jones, from Clyde River, Shelburne county, N.S., were brutally outraged by the captain and all the crew, except the man (Greenwood) who now reveals the crime, and then killed, and their bodies thrown overboard. Greenwood's only excuse for not telling before is, that the sailors compelled him to take an oath that he would never divulge the atrocity. Vomito, a malignant form of yellow fever, is raging at Vera Cruz, Mexico. France has been restored at San Miguel, San Salvador, the scene of the Ultramontane riots. The insurgents in Cuba are gaining important battles and strategic points. The fear of hostilities between the Argentine and Brazilian Governments has been dissipated by moderate counsels. . Senor Zulito has been re-elected President of the Casino Espagnole, at Havannah. The cargo of a British vessel pursued in Hayden waters by a Spanish gunboat, has been enlarged by the Consul of Spain in Hayti, and taken try a Spanish man-of-war to Havannah. The Diario of the latter place thanks the British Consul-General of Hayti for his good offices in the affair. An ocean cable is now being laid between Chili and Peru. The station nearest Lima will be the watering place of Chorrillos, and the terminus in Chili at Caldera, which is already in telegraphic communication between Valparaiso and Santiago de Chile by land, A Reuter agency has been opened in Lima. The jury in the Mountain Meadow massacre trial were unable to agree, and were discharged by the Court. It is reported that they stood nine for acquittal and three-one Gentile and two Mormons for conviction. On the night of the 6th July one of the most horrible railroad accidents that has ever happened in Chili occurred on the Santiago and Valparaiso Road. As the half-past 10 p.m. train from Valparaiso was passing over the bridge at Lima the that structure gave way, and, with the exception of the engine and tender the whole train containing 50 passengers was precipitated into the river below. The lamps were broken in the fall, and the oil running over, ignited and set fire to the larger part of the wreck. The papers state that over half of the passengers were either crushed to death or perished by fire or water. The investigation shows that the accident was caused by a defection of the bridge which was condemned by the engineers several months ago, without any measures being taken to remedy it. At Newark, Ohio, on July 22nd, a terrible accident occurred, resulting in the serious, and perhaps fatal, burning of a number of persons. A test was to be made of a fire extinguisher, and a building had been erected, by consent of the City Council, which was to be fired for the occasion. It was thoroughly saturated with coal oil, and during the preparations it prematurely took fire. An explosion ensued, terribly burning D. C. Wine gardner, mayor; Hon. J. D. Jones, Charles Hamilton, street commissioner and a bridge contractor from Toledo, and some 15 or 20 other men and boys, Some of the latter, it is thought, are fatally burned. - CHINA AND JAPAN. There are renewed indications that China is about to commence war upon Kasghgar, that state being in revolt from Chinese authority. . A fire at Hong Kong, on the 22nd June, destroyed much foreign property, including the premises of Russell and Co. The new Deliberative Assembly of Japan, "Genre In," was opened by the Emperor on July 5th. The department of the interior building in Yedo were destroyed by fire on the 4th July. A great number of ancient valuable historical documents (of which no copies exist were burned, together with the _ entire collection of maps upon which the foreign staff of surveyors has been engaged for the past three or four years. The Russian commissioners are daily expected in Yedo, to complete arrangements for the transfer of Saghalien. Formal possession of the newly acquired : territory, which will be occupied as a Russian penal settlement, will follow without delay. , ,? , COMMERCIAL. Mr. J. C. Merrill, agent of the Australian line of ' steamers, has been elected trustee of the Merchants' I Exchange Association of this city, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Thomas If. Solly, The British barque Aurora is chartered to take lumber from Burrard Inlet, Pu lie t Sound, for Sydney at 75s. The barque Mariano sailed on the 14th far Puget Sound, to load lumber for Melbourne on ship's account. The Pacific Mail Company will despatch the steamer Vasco de Gama on the 9th October for Honolulu, Auckland, and Sydney, Australian lemons by the last steamer have arrived in good order, and are selling at 4d, to 4d. 50c. per box. No improvement can be reported in freights. There is 65,000 tons of tonnage in port, of which 40,000 tons is disengaged. The latest engagements for wheat to Liverpool were at 40s. to 41s. 6d. Several vessels have loaded or owners' accounts, and others are doing so rather than accept these low rates. The Mikado carries freight to Honolulu valued at 18,3l6dnl. 935. to New Zealand, 13,6 dol. 126. to Australia, 3S,348dol. 636. , THE FAILURE OF DUNCAN, SHERMAN, ' ' AND CO. The failure of tips long-established banking-house in New York, on the 27th of July, although, pro duties of a great cp's)' of ipqqnyenjjmqo, amd, in many cases, positive suffering, was being as under protest as people generally believe. Tip credit of the house had been shaky for some time past, spill ciently so to have put on their guard persons with funds they wished to place) In safe keeping. for several months Duncan, Sherman, and Op, had to pay at the rate of 6 per cent. for accommodation, when (others, not publicly supposed so solvent, were accommodated at 4 per cent. The direct cause of the suspension has not yet been clearly ascertained. One report traces the trouble to the failure of Alexander and William Collie of London ; another that the refusal of their principal correa Eoudents abroad, the Union Bank of London, and aring Brothers, to protect them, according to an arrangement made in 1873, brought the financial sore to a head, The firm, or, at least, some of its members, have been prominently connected with unfortunate railway enterprises, such as Erie, Atlantic, and Great Western, and others of similar character. 'ladies' indebtedness is distributed all over the country, a considerable amounBboiug in-the, form of letters of ereditheldbv travellers. It has transpired that the foreign bills of the firm will amount to over £120,000 sterling;. The house was founded in 1850 by Alexander Duncan, Watts Sherman, and Win. Butler Duncan, the latter being the head of the present firm. He is charged with making transfers of real estate in anticipation of the recent catastrophe, and publishes a long card in explana- tion, showing that the transfers cover old transactions in real estate The discovery has been made that a large amount of the indebtedness of the broken house was accommodation paper in the form of drafts drawn on them by a confidential clerk in their office, accepted by them, and sold to, various banks through note brokers. Of this paper, probably not less than SOO.OOOdol. is held in Providence, Rhode Island, where the family of Duncan has been long and favourably known, and the agent met with little difficulty in disposing of it. One bank in New York holds 50,000 dol., another 35 600dol., and still another 30,000 dol., besides small amounts in the hands of numerous persons-the impression of acceptors being that it was drawn against merchandise and secured. Duncan says this proceeding was entirely straight, in his opinion, and more or loss the practice of the house for twenty years past. Apprehension is felt that some unaccepted bills of the house on the Union Bank of London or on the Barings will oom Iiltonto the settlement of the estate, if they do not ring the London parties into trouble, The amount as drawn against special moneys lodged in bank or with the Barings by third parties for their use and, account, tobudiAWU for from New York by Duncan, Shoripai), and) Co., is stated to be about 4'<!3,()Q0dol! The question will arise whether the London bankers can transfer these funds to the general account of the New York house, and refuse bills drawn as for' special account. Approximate estimate places the. liabilities of Duncan, Sherman, and Co. at 4,872,12Sdol. ; asBots,2,U2,740dol. This failure has hit the theatrical profession very hard. Theodore Moses had OO.OOOo., the firm of Henderson and Colville 30,000dol,, Katherine Rogers 3,000 dol., and William Wheatley also had a large Burn on deposit. J. L. Toole, the London actor, on a visit to the United States, holds their paper, which he bought two weeks before the the position, to the extent of HO.OOOdol, H T. Montague deposited with them his earnings, and John Brougham had his entire fortune in their hands, John x. Raymond and W. J. Florence, also actors, hold letters of credit on the firm, as do many of, their professional Monds at present abroad. It is said that the American Jockey Club deposited)! 20,00dol. in the house she Saturday before failures The following extracts from a letter received from Paris will show the consequences of this bankruptcy to travellers holding letters of credit, of which Drexel, Hedges, and Co. have already redeemed lOO.OOOdol : -"Not half an hour passes that I don't hear of cases of distress arising from this failure. Probably the majority of losers are persons to whom the event will be a real hardship, as they have no reserve funds on which to rely. A widow who came to Europe a fowmonthsagotorosideheroandcducateberchildren, deposited all her money with Duncan, Sherman, and Co., and took their letters of credit. She has not now 10 dol. in her possession, and there are rent and school bills due. Har excitement and alarm are so great that her of Friends apprehend insanity. There are many teachers, students, and others in exactly the same condition, and they are not only in Paris, but all over the continent. At least four Americans, who heard of the failure before the news reached the Rothschild agency, secured their money, and have retired from Paris to avoid trouble One of the four was visited by the cashier of the agency, I who demanded a return of the money, which was I refused. A policeman subsequently escorted the gentleman to the American Embassy, where Minister Washburn told the cashier he could not make the arrest. He added that he could only seize his baggage, and advised him not to do that. The cashier said he would not, apologised, and departed." . It is confidently stated in Wall-street that the deposits in 'Duncan, Sherman, and Co's bank amounted to 2,000,000dol. 