BESSY CONWAY ; OK, THE IRISH GIRL IN AMERICA. ___ ? -*» ? -k — By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTEE VI.— (Continued) Bridget, driven to extremity, turned sharp round at last. ' Will you not be botberin' me, Bessy Conway 1 Mind your own busi ness, and maybe you' find it enough. God doesn't expect impossibilities.' ' Oh ! I know that well, glory be to His name,' said Bessy, '' but it's not an impossi bility for you to liear Mass— I think it's your own fault if you don't.' This made Bridget furious. ' I yow to God I'll scald you,'1 she almost shrieked ; ? it you re wise you n get uuu ui m,y way , do you think I have nothing else to do but listen to your chat V 'Well, well, Bridget, 111 say no mote, said Bessy mildly, 'I suppose Sally is out?' „ ,,. „ .. ' I guess she's gone to St. Mary's, said Bridget, a little mollified by Bessy's gentle ness ; ' she went out just before you came ' Why, she'll be too late even for nine, then V ' That's her own business, retorted Brid get, ' not yours or mine. There, if I wasn't near scalding myself badly— now jusfc get along upstairs, will you V1 That's all your doings.' This new version of the wolf and the lamb nf nnnvsfl snnf-, TCfiKsv uDstairs without further delay, and she vowed that it would be along day before she' undertook to admonish Brid get. She could not help reasoning with her self on what was to her so passing strange. 'Now,' thought she, ' isn't it curious ? For the little I've seen of Bridget, I really tin nk she's an honest, decent girl, for all her bad temper, and then see how she sends so much of her earnings home to her mother, still she thinks nothing of losing Mass on a Sunday. Well, God help her, more's the pity.' It appeared that Bridget complained to Sally on her return that Bessy had b: en making herself busy in their affairs, where upon Sally took the first opportunity of rating her soundly. t . . 'Now I'm just going to give you one sid vice, Bossy,' skid she- when the family j-nd Mrs. Walters being gone to Church, tl ey -found themselves alone together alone up stairs. s- As long as you and I are in one j Jiouse, don't ever dare to pass any remarks on me, whether I go to Muss or not. . I guess you won't have to answer Tor ray soul, so it an' 6 any business of yours.' 'Well, but, Sally,' said Bessy kindly and soothingly, ' between ourselves, now, isn't it a great sin, ay, and a great shame to be so careless about hearing Mass on. Sunday, when you know the obligation that's on you?' . . At this Sally turned and fixed her eyes disdainfully on Bessy. ' I guess there are some folks that never lose Mass that an't any belter than other folk that an't so very particular. But to be sure it's a fine tiling for a girl living out to nave gentlemen, laying a bitter emphasis on the word, ' coming to see her. I guess we an't blind, anyhow — we've got eyes as well as others, and can see folks parading up and down in front of the house most every ? evening— ha, ha, that brings the blood to your face — you see folks here are wide awake, Bessy Conway, so you'd better look ont for what concerns yourself, and let others alone.' She flounced away with her broom in her hand, and banged a neigh bouring door after her. Bessy was, indeed, startled by what she had heard. Was Herbert still keeping her in mind, then, and haunting like a ghost on her account the house which he might not enter 1 There was something in the thought that pleased her she dared not think why, though it grieved her, too, to find that ' the landlord's son' was still making so little of himself and the people he belonged to. In the afternoon she got leave from her mistress to go out, and after Vespers she thought she would go and see how Mrs. Sheehan was getting on. She found the old woman all alone and saying her beads, while her plaintive moans and the tears that streamed profusely from her eyes showed that Philip's eternal weal was the object of her supplication. Bessy paused at the door and peeped in. Deeply touched by the sight of the old woman's grief, and respecting her pious oc cupation, she hesitated whether to go in or hot, but the sound of a heavy foot on the stairs behind decided her at once and in she went with the old familiar greeting, 'God save all here.' ' God save you kindly,' said Dolly cross ing herself with her beads, and rising with the aid of a chair at which she had been kneeling. She did not at first recognize her visitor, and raised her hand to shade her tear- dimmed eyes as she peered into the smiling face before her. At last Bessy laughed out and asked did she not know her. ' Why, dear bless me, is it you, Bessy Conway 1 Wisha, then, but I'm overjoyed to see you. Sit down, alanna machree, and take an air cf the fire.' Bessy did so, and asked how Paul was. ' He's well, I'm obliged to you— but, in deed. I'm afeard lie's workin' too hard. It comes heavy on the creature to pay for the room and keep two of us up— it makes my self ashamed, so it does, for 'sure I know well enough I'm a heavy burthen on him, poor man.' ' You would be, supposin' I had you on my back,' said Paul himself as he stumped into the room, ' 'deed you would, Mrs. Sheehan, ma'am, on account of the load I have on it already. Why, Bessy Conway, is this yourself; how does the world use you these times V ' Well, I can't complain, Paul, I'd be well off entirely if I only had my people near me, but it's a lonesome thing to be amongst strangers; ho matter how good they are, still you can't open your mind to them and make free with them as you would with your own.' ' True for you, ma colleen dhas,' said old Dolly with great feeling. ' What about Master Henry V said Paul in a low voice. ' What about him, Paul V said Bessy in some alarm ; ' why, what do I know about him?' ? #. '?' Yon never see him, then 1 ' ' No more than I see them that's in Ire land. Do you— do you ever see him your self any time?' she added with some hesi tation. 'Of an odd time I do,' said Paul elevating his eyebrows with a comical gesture ; ' he's mighty bad with, an old complaint that folliedhim at home.' ' ';.# 'An old complaint,' cried Bessy, her cheek pale as ashes ; 'Lord bless me, what is it 1' ' Oh ! it's one that won't kill him— don't be afeard,' said Paul cooUy and- with keen irony ; all the doctors in New York couldn t cure him ; no, nor you either, Bessy Conway,. for he- had it long before ever he seen you.' ? ..' ,; ??? Bessy's face was covered with blushes at this broad hint. 'Me cure him, why, Lord bless me, Paul, what virtue have I got to cure any one?— sure enrugh you're the quarestman livin.' ' Then disguising her emotion, she said with a view to change the subject: '-Row is Ned Finigan doin — and the Murphy's T ?? All well, and doing well—' like the peo ple in America, '? as they used to say at home. Ned has a fine liquor store of it some where about Prince-street, I blieve they're goin' to have a dance there soon for a house- -; warming.' ' I must go and see them next Sunday if I get out,' said Bessy, 'but I wanted to call and see Mary Murphy to-day, for she was up two or three times to see me. God be with you all till I see you again.' ' 1 say, Bessy,' said Paul hurrying after her to the stairs, and raising himself on his toes to get to her ear, ' take care of them, you know.' ' Why botheration to you, Paul, was that all you had to say V and Bessy ran down stairs in a real or pretended pout, the dwarf's discordant laugh ringing in her ears tilL she reached the door. ' Ah, then, now,' said she to bersvielf as she hurried along the narrow, crowded side» walk in the direction of Chatham square, 'ah, then, isn't it a hard case that he's a-throwing in my face go where I -will, an' me never sees a sight of him. Jt's no wonder I was afeard of remarks be/ing passed, for I see I can't escape people's tongues as long as himself and me are in the game city.' And the tears rushed to her eyes. She hastily raised her gloved hand to wip-v them away, when a well-known voice accosted her with : ' Bessy, my poor Bess.yv what's the mat ter1?' The words were almost spoken in a whisper, but Bessy heard every syllable, and 3he feared to raise her eyes or give any sign of recognition, for she knew it was Henry Herbert that spoke, and she began to have a.u instinctive notion that prying eyes were ever upon her, and ears ever open to find pretence f r insinuation. ' Go away; for God's sake,' she said without looking up, and she walked on faster than ever. 'Are you almost tired of service yet?' said the soothing voice again, and still at her 3ide, *' No, no, if you'd only let me alone. For the love of Heaven, go away, or I'm ruined entirely. You don't know what I have to suffer on account of you,' ' Never mind, Bessy, you'll get over it all — I don't pity you now, though, for the fault is your own.' Involuntarily she raised her eyes to his face, and she thought it paler and thinner than usual. Paul's words immediately oc curred to her, and she forgot for a moment her own concerns in anxiety of his health. 'Dear me, Master Henry, I'm afeard there's something the matter with you. It's true enough, then, what Paul said i' ' What Paul said 1 What did he say ? demanded Herbert quickly, and if his face was pale before it was red enough then. ' What did he tell you V 'Why nothing that was any harm, Master Herbert, so don't be angry.' 'What did he say? Let me hear it at once.' 'Bless me he only said that you were troubled with an old complaint of yours since you came to New York, I'm sure that was no harm.' Herbert laughed scornfully. ' Oh, of course not. But what complaint did ho say it was V ' Well, he didn't mention any in particu lar — he only said it was one the doctor's couldn't cure — I suppose he meant the doc tors here,' she added by way of apology, but glancing timidly up in Herbert's face, she shuddered to see the dark scowl that wss on his brow. His eyes were like living coals and his thin lips drawn off the t eth with a strange and ghastly smile. ' Don't- mind him, Bessy,' he said with an absent air, as thouph he half forgot her presence, ' he did but jest— go home, Bessy, it isn't well for you to be abroad after dark. T. do not offer to accompany yon. for I know it would only frighten you if I did. But go home, I charge you, Bessy, lest evil should come upon you. Such wickedness as you never dreamed of roams abroad here under cover of the night.' They had crossed the square by this time, and reached the corner of Division-street, Bessy forgetting in her bewilderment that she and Herbert were walking side by side. All at once the impropriety of the thing oc curred to her mind and she stopped. ' For the Lord's sake, Master Henry, go away from me ; I'll never open my lips to you, if you come a step farther — ' 'I'll go, I'Jlgo— but just tell me where are you goin? V 'I intended to go. to Houston-street to see Mary Murphy, but I'll not go now, it's get ling so late,' 'That's right, go home as fast as you can. Ha,' he muttered as the cirl turned to re trace her steps across the sqjiare, 'ha, there was no time to lose — my poor Bessy.' He stood looking after her for a moment with a softened expression, then cast his eyes anxiously on a tall personage who had just turned the opposite corner from Catherine street. It appeared this individual had caught a glimpse of Bessy's pretty face as she passed under the lamp, and on reaching the corner ho turned and walked rapidly after her. Herbert hoped for a moment that Be«sy w as not the object of that man's pur suit, but he hoped in vain, for she had. not gone many ynrds across the square when he j saw him accost her, bending down to peep under hec bminet ?with an impertinent st--re. The givi.*s? exclamcithi! of alarm was plainly ? heard by Herbert, for he was already clrse behind, and the nt^xt moment he laid his hand on the man's arm. ' I say, Dixon, let that girl alone.' he said in a low but determined tone. The other turned on hearing his name, and a sinister smile gleamed across his sallow features. 'Ho, ho, Herbert, is it you 1 Am I tres passing, eh ? By Jupiter, I admire your taste ; where did you pick her up?' v^.. ' Take care what you pay, Dixon P' said Herbert, and he blushed like a young girl; '* you're altogether mistaken, come this way. I have something to tell you.' It needed not- the imperative gesture which he mac(e to induce Bessy to hurry away as tasb as her' feet would carry her. (To be continued.) 