PAPARCHY AND NATIONALITY, < or ' Tiie Antagonism of the Vatican Decrees to Modern Civilization. ru i (Abridged From Macmillatfs Magazine.) No. III. ' - Reply of the writer'in MacMlan's Magazine to'Dr. Mamling as given in pur last issue. r-t To the Editor of Macmillarts Magazine, : ' ! November 6. .Sir, — In bis- letter to you of the 22nd of October, Dr. (Manning endeavours to refute the ' charges I have brought against him of a "want of literary good faith," and of "a deviation from the definitions of the Vatican Council " by . , bringing the counter-charge of inaccuracy. After a careful examination of the seven elaborate divisions of his letter, I have only been able to discover three in which the attempt is made to substantiate this charge. The re- s .mainingfour merely contain counter-assertions ,to mine — a method of discussion both ingenious and convenient, but which will , not go far in . settling a controversy. Without a "tertium .comparationis " we might go pn for ever wrangling about the Kaiser's beard. But before proceeding to examine ; these counter-assertions, I must dispose of the in- accuracies, properly so- called, with which Dr. . Manning charges me. , They are three in number ; -I. (sect. I) That I omitted to supply a refer- . once to a certain Latin quotation given in my second article. To this I answer that as I had given the . : reference in my former article, it was unneces sary to do so again. Considering that the . . . passage in question is an infallible utterance of an Infallible Pope on a cardinal doctrine of the Church, it seems to me strange that Dr. Man ning should have been unacquainted with it. II. (sect. VI) That I have misrepresented his meaning as expressed in certain articles in the Contemporary Review , by saying that he claimed for Ultramontanisra "no other rights than those asserted by the Anglican Church and English Nonconformist sects." i To this I reply : — . 1st. That if this account of Dr. Manrining's argument is incorrect, then the whole of that " argument falls to the ground, and with it his case, as he has placed it before the British ; public, for Ultramontanism. That easels that Ultramontanism and Christianity are identical, () in other words, that all that can be predicated of the one can be predicated of the other, and ' that there is nothing contained in the one which is not contained in the other, and consequently ' that every community of Christians without knowing it, puts forward claims identical with Ultramontanism. Dr Manning does not seem to see that in his endeavour to convince me of a misstatement he has, by admitting that Ultra- mont'anism claims other things besides those which the rest of Christendom olaim, made a 5 breach in his position through which his adver saries can march in "tambour battant." These : adversaries — at least, as far as I am one of them —have never denied that Ultramontanes are Christians. What we maintain is that they are Christians and a good deal else besides. 2ndly. That my statement can be rigorously deduced from Dr. Manning's own summing up of his argument at p. 702 of the April number of the Contemporary Review, and therefore that it is strictly and logically accurate, and quite agreeable to Aldrich. These are Dr. Manning's words " Ultramontanism consists in : — "1. The separation of the two Powers, v . ' "2. In claiming for the Church the sole right . to define doctrines, and \- . "3.. To fix the limits of its own jurisdic tion." He then goes on to affirm that these three principles are held by Anglicans, Presbyterians, &c.;, and that they are the substance of Christianity. k;1 . Now, I ask, what possible meaning can be extracted from these words other than ; that , which I gave to them ? S i If, in an authentic legal record of John Smith's property, I read that his real estate . consists in a semi-detached house, two cottages, and three acres of arable land,: I am bound to infer that he holds no other real estate, ' and that the idea, for instance, that he owns' the whole , of the remaining land in the county is ' absolutely excluded. , fi Had Dr. Manning intended to say that Ultra montanism consisted in these three principles, and. other principles besides, he was .bound to insert a qualifying adverb, such as "mainly," < or the like. But to do this would have been, as T ; have just shown, to abandon his whole ' position. ; III. (sect. VII.) Dr. Manning's third allega tion is that I have described a certain quotation' ' as-taken from the Civilta Gattolicaoi the-18th: of March, 1871, whereas there was no Civilta Cattolica published on that day. ; To this inaccuracy I plead guilty; by a1 ' clerical error the 18th was substituted for the 5th March, but I cannot admit that a mistake of thirteen days in respect to a date is of sufficient importance to affect the gravity of my charges either in the one sense or the- other. T shall now proceed to examine Dr. Manning's counter-assertions ; but before I do so I must \- premise two things : — , ! : \- 1st; That 1 disclaim all idea of a personal attack on Dr. Manning, and all intention of im pugning hiB personal good faith. Iregardhim " Inasmuch as Ultramontanism is cited a® . , a nickname to kindle persecution. . . - = I: will . .- .draw out a proof that Ultramontanism and . Catholicism are identical, as are also Catholicism . -and perfect Christianity." (See Ctusarism and ; Ultramontanism ") Dr. Manning appeals . to , -Aldrich. 1 will appeal to Euclid : If A-B and B—C then A = C. " It will not, I hope, give him (Mr. Stephen) . ! pain if I add how much I am aware that to him : Ultramontanism must be foolish, if I am right in affirming Ultramontanism to be Christianity" (p.. 685 of Contemporary Review for April, 1875). See also p. 702, where Dr. Manning, having stated that Ultramontanism consists in three principles, add that these are the substance of CMMsasMtR. as one who holds a brief in a case of persona tion the most astounding that has ever been submitted to the verdict of mankind : the claim of Ultramontanism to be identical with Christianity — of an Italian priest to' be the Incarnate and Visible Word of God. Bound, in virtute sanctce obedadientice, to this monstrous claimant, counsel and attorney must do the best they can, and, if they see that a plain and unvarnished record of the circumstance would lead them in a direction exactly opposite to that in which they were expected to go, why then they must do what counsel similarly situated usually do, have recourse to suppressions and suggestions. If the case will not suit the facts, the facts must be made to suit the case. And it would be foolish of them not to avail them selves of an inspired machinery which claims, amongst other powers, that of retrospectively manufacturing historical events. () All this may be compatible with forensic and ecclesias tical good faith— all I maintain is that it is in compatible with literary good faith. \ 2nd. I must protest against the facts of the case being tested either by Catholic or by Pro testant eyes, and 1 must insist on undenomina tional eyes, undenominational grammar, and undenominational history. In his letter to you Dr. Manning summarily disposes of two quota tions of mine, both of which are subversive, of his definitions, by simply saying that they .have a transparent meaning to all Catholics. : ! - Now, in the name of that common sensejto which Dr. Manning appeals in connection with Ultramontanism, -I have a right to demand tliat in a controversy carried on between a Catholic, as he would say, on the one side, and. a Protes tant on the other, a common language shall be used, which both can understand, and that' a crypto-hieratic dialect understood by only one of the parties shall be absolutely excluded, j To bring the contention between Dr. Manning and myself within manageable proportions, i it is necessary that the issues between lis should be quite clearly specified. My assertion, then, was that the doctrines of the Unam Sanctam, appealed to by Dr. Man ning as a declaratory act of Ultramontanism when addressing Roman Catholics, (+) were irreconcilable with the view of Ultramontanism placed before English Protestants in his articles in the Contemporary Revicio. Dr. Manning rebuts this charge, not by 'bringing the Bull itself into court, but by a ' definition of its doctrine, which is perfectly compatible with his expurgated edition of : Ultramontanism for the use ot Protestants. _ : 1 The task imposed upon me, therefore,, is ! to prove that the definition thus given ; by Dr. Manning is an incorrect definition, and that the authorities appealed to by him are no1 authorites. j Fortunately the Decrees of the Vatican Council render this comparatively easy. The one good thing effeoted by | these Decrees wasjto get rid once for all of Dr. Manning's authorities, the Catholic theologians. By the retrospective infallibilizing of the 256 successors of St. Peter we are dispensed from occupying ourselves with the fioating and elastic opinions of these Da Minorum Gentium, and have to confine ourselves to the limited, though numerous, recorded dicta of these 256 Pontiffs when speaking ere cathedra, and as we know exactly what' - determines a dictum ex cathedra, viz., not any external signs and wonders, which it might be difficult jto establish, but simply the subject-matter of the words spoken, there need never be a difficulty in deciding whether, we have to deal with fallible or infallible matter. (:j:) | Hence, all I have to do is to collate Dr. Manning's definitions with these infallible utter ances, and, with the aid of that invaluable umpire, common sense, for selecting whom T. cannot -sufficiently thank Dr. Manning, to: deter- 1 mine- whether the two can bo made to fit.;. , \- Dr. Manning affirms ithe doctrine of Unam Sanctamto be as follows — - ' . 1-. That there are sin: the: world two powers, both ordained of God, the natural and the super natural. . ' -2. That of these two the supernatural is the higher. - > i 3ii' That in its exercise1 the natural is limited and directed by. the law of God (sic).' a - ; <: I affirm, on .the contrary, that the -.Bull Unam Sanctam — in language > carefully (selected by; one of the greatest jurists who ever- sat jorn the Chair of St. Peter with the special object of avoiding - all; ambiguity— asserts tin its crudest and most aggressive form -the great, mediieval Papal doctrine of. the Pope's universal monarchy over mankind, and of . his direct- authority (directa potestas) overiall temporal prince. j . And here, whilst still on - the -threshold of our inquiry, I must already bo allowed to appeal to the umpire and- ask how— if the doctrine is of i . " There are truths of mcro human niscbry which therefore. are not revealed. .. ... ,, Yet so necessary to the order of faith that the whole world would be undermined if they-were noting fallibly_ certain. But such infallible- certainty is : impossible by means of human history arid- human evidence alone. It - (i.e., infallible certainty respecting, the. facts, -of mere human- history) is created by the infallible authority of the Church." (See Dr. Manning's Pastoral V The Vatican JCouncil and its Definitions;" p' 68.) ' ' There is an ultimate Judged (viz. ,' the Pope) in such matters of history as afi'ect ' a dogma of faith." .(Ibid, pi 115.) - Whenso ever any doctrine is contained in the divine' tradition . of the Church; all . difficulties from human history, are excluded by. prescription;" (Ibid. p. ,119). . Such isjDv. Manning's language - when addressing Vatican .Catholics. - ; ; .+. T might lia,ve said Vatican Roman -Catholic, because 1 presume that only such are ; members -of the '' Academia of the« Catholic religion;'! to; whom.the lecture on " Csesarism andiUltrainon- tanism" was addressed. i,-; $ "The Pontiff speaks ex cathedra when, and only when, , he speaks as the Pastor and Doctor of all Christians. By this all acts of the Pontiff as a privato person, or private Doctor, or as a local Bishop, or as a sovereign of ar State, are excluded. In all these- acts the Pontiff may. be subject to error. In one only capacity is ho ex empt from error—- ivhen cts teacher of the whole faith and morals." . ; (Dr. Manning's Pastoral, "The Vatican Council arid its Definitions," p. 58); The inference from the above seems to me plain, viz., that everything the Pope says in con nection with faith and morals, and which can be applied generally to the Church, is infallible. the innocuous character ascribed to it by Dr. Manning, and merely contains that which not only every Christian but most kinds of civilized pagans would subscribe to— it came to pass that upon its being acted on by Boniface VIII. (at a time when no one in Christendorii questioned the spiritual authority of the Pope) it led to a deadly feud between him and the King of; France, in which the latter was enthusiastically . supported by his people, and which ended by' ; the imprisonment of the Pope, and his death shortly afterwards as the consequence of his im prisonment '! Further, how it was that the in fallible successor of the infallible enunciator of the doctrine was forced to retract the Bull as re gards France? And lastly, how this cross exorcise of infallibility can be made to tally with the irreformable character of an ex cathedra utterance ? () , I believe common sense will be inclined to say that, prima facie at least, the facts of the case tally rather with my theory than with Dr- Manning's. But let me now at length bring the corpus delicti itself into court and examine it in the presence of the jury. The first part of the Bull is concerned with asserting the unity of the Church, which latter is, in one place, described as consisting of all baptized persons, specially including the Greeks and all those who reject the authority of Rome, and in another, more generally, as consisting of ithe human race in its entirety. The immense stress laid upon the unity of the Church (in proof of which quotations from Holy Scripture are heaped up pell mell in the most grotesque and irrelevant fashion) is clearly directed against any and every idea of a separation in the body itself, such, for instance, as that represented by, the modern notions of Church aud State as cor porations distinct from each other and iriore or less opposed. It is of course quite possible, from an infallible and supernatural point of vie,w, that Boniface was really thinking of the Falk; laws, but viewed in a natural aud historical light he was wholly engrossed with Philip the Fair's resistance to his interference in purely, secular matters, and the idea of unity which then filled the fallible portion of his mind was that all Frenchmen, in every aspect of life, whether temporal or spiritual, were subject to his power. The Church, then, is the Christian commonwealth, or the human commonwealth,1: as the case may be, a concrete body, orie and in divisible, a civilas Dei, in the Augustinian sense.-.: As supreme Head and Sovereign- Lord' over this i commonwealth God has appointed the Roman- Pontiff , but though the body itself be' one and-; indivisible it: is governed by two separate Powers the; spiritual" and the temporal. Both which;. Powers have been committed into the hands of the- Pope— the one to be exercised by himself,; the! other to be by lum delegated to princes arid soldiers to be exercised by them urider his con-- stant supervision and immediate control. -: ; Such is the very simple doctrine of ibo-Unam- Sanctam— not my version of it, or'Dr. Manning's, ; but Pope Boniface VIII. 's version. Let us now consult the - text; ' 1 I -only leave out redundant passages, and 'somewhat 'abbrevi ate. , 1 _ 'j " There is diut one Catholic and -Apostolic Churchj outside of - which there is no salvation and no ' remission of sins. - As the bridegroom' saith in Solomon's Song— My dove, my undcfiled, . is' but cwe; she is the only o?(e of hei- m6ther-: she is the choice one of her that bare her: ' ' -Now this ChurcH -represents a mystical ' body j of which the : head is Christ,1 and of Christ God ; and- in it there-is' one Lord;" one faithy hne bap tism. 'For at'.the tiirie of the Deluge there was: Noah's ark, which- -prefigured the Church, and which was. built- according- to one measurement, with one- steersman1 and captain, Noah, 5 ' Also the Psalmist says," Deliver my soul from- the sword, 'and my only one unlearn moam) from, the power of the - dog. "' :(The English 'version has- " darling,'-' and not " uiiicam,"! and- there-c tore does iiot'fit in- with the 'dogma.)--;: i;". ! -. , \- " Therefore; " of this ' one-' and uniquci Church (ecclesice unius et unices) - there ; is one; body ' and one Head, not two Heads, which 'would ; be a monstrosity, and that ' Head is1 Christ, that is to say, Christ's Vicar, 'Peter,- and the succes- sors of Peter. " For- when 'the Lord said to Peter, 1 '. Feed my sheep, ' He . spoke gene/raider not singularites, > not these- sheep or those sheep, but v - all :: sheep. If wtho ; Greeks, therefore; - or others, say that-'they- have' not- been left to: the charge of 'Peter and his vsucces-- sors, they - admit that they are not 'of Christ's sheep, for as the Lord- says in'St; John's Gospel, ' There is- one fold and one shepherd.' " " That in his " (Peter's and his ' successors) " power there be two swords, namely, the Spiritual and the; Temporal; we are -taught -by the gospels. For when the - Apostles said i - ' here be ' two swords,' and it was within: the -Church that this. transaction took- place,- the-Lord does not answer ' this is too much,' but 'it; is 'enough.' '--And truly -he who denies that the 'temporal- sword is -in-the keeping of Peter- has badly - attended ; to the words of'our - Lord. 'Put up. thy isword; into- the scabbard;'--" .(i.Ciy - that the -temporal sword "is in the- keeping ofPeteris provedby his having had one by him and . used it to cut off the ear of -the High priest's; servant ; on the other hand, that he is not to use- it -himself is \- proved by > our Lord telling him to put it back into the scabbard. But - our - Lord did ; not bid kim-put it away. It remains, therefore, in the \- keeping of . Peter -to be used at' his bidding; - The - reader, will perceive that a very simple text can hold a good deal of condensed doctrine.) " Both " The Decree-by which Clement V.- rendered - the Bull' Unam Sanctam inoperative in France, when, tested- : by Dr. Manning's definition, 1 - yields a curious -result, which amounts to this that the 'Holy -Ghost declared that in the monarchy of Philip the Fair there were not two Powers ordained of .God, one ; natural and the other supernatural, anil that within the French realm the- supernatural was riof higher than the natural . Power, or the natural Power liniited by the law of God. Dr. - Manning would probably answer- that the Eztr'avagans< Communis,' in wliich ClementlV;- notified his decision;- being -addressed 1 to a looal"; Churcb, - -was not , - ; infallible. To which - ; I would ' reply v 'that v - ' its : subject- matter was of such- universal ' interest as undoubtedly to bring it within- the category of things affecting the wl-iole Church. If Joshua stopped the sun, it was for local purposes in Palestine ; but the effect on the other planets of the solar system must nevertheless have been very sensible. swords, therefore, arc in tlio power of the Church, the spiritual and the material. But the latter is to be wielded for the Church, the former by the Church. The spiritual by the hands of the Pontiff, the temporal at the Pontiff's nod aud pleasure (ad nutum et patien- tiam Sucerdolis) by the hands of princes and soldiers. For it is necessary that one sword should be subjoct to the other sword, and that the temporal power should be subject to the -spiritual power. For the Apostle says : ' There is no power except from Gocl ;' now the powera that.be ordained of God would not be ordained" (i.e., they would be in a state of dis order or anarchy — the pun on the word ordinate, by which the subjection of the temporal power is established in the original, cannot be rendered i in English) "unless one word were subject to the other, and, as it were, raised by it to supre macy. As the blessed Dionysius says : The Divine law is this : That the lowest things shall .rise through the intermediate ones to the highest. For it is not according to the order of the universe that all things should be equally and immedi ately reduced to order, but the lowest through the . intermediate ones, and the lower through the higher ; and it is therefore necessary that we should clearly declare : that tho,'spiritual power excels the temporal in dignity and nobility, and in the same proportion that spiritual things ex cel temporal.. . » s For in very truth it is the function of the spiritual power to direct" (instrure, i.e., ; literally to give instructions to) " the temporal,- and to judge it, if it bo not good. Thus for the7 Church and for the power of the Church jshalhber verified the prophecy of Jere- miah, , ' I have; this day set thee over the nations anil over, -the. kingdorii.' Therefore if the tempo ral power, err,, it shall be judged by the spiritual . power, and- if the lesser spiritual power err it shall bet judged.of the higher, but if the supreme spiritual .powerj i (i;c.,; the Pope) err, it shall be .judged of Goil alone, () even as the Apostle ,.tes1iili..rri''.Tjbie . spiritual man shall judge, all things, but shall himself ; be judged, of none.' And this -authority, although it be given to a man; and be exercised by a man, is not a .human but rather a divine authority given' by the Divine words to Peter for -him , and his successors after him. . .. .When the Lod said unto Peter, Whatever thou shalt bind on earth, &c.; Whosoever, therefore, resists this authority, thus ordained of God, resists a Divine ordinance ; unless he maintain, like tho Manichæans, that there - be two principles (prin- cipia), which is false and heretical, as Moses testifieth when he says : In the beginning, (in principio) and not in the beginnings (in prin- cipiis) God created the heaven and tho earth," (The -dogma of the Pope's supremacy is here , again made to turn "upon a jeu de . mots - on the word principium, which cannot - be rendered in English. These inspired puns must'- be a sad hindrance in .the -way of -the faithful; who do, not understand Latin !) Therefore we declare, say, define, and pronounce . that every ; , human creature is subject to - the Roman Pontiff as a necessary condition of salvation. " Given, at the Lateran -in theqVIIIth year of our Pontificate." , , , , And- now, ; with . the text of; the Bull' before your readers, I .will ask -them how Dr. Manning can scape . out of -the horns of -;,the: , dilemma— viz., that in his definition of the Unam Satictam he has either;applied,to the Declaratory Acts of his Vatican faith the old, long- since-exploded German system of rationalistic exegesis, by which—when employed on inspired writings everything supernatural or dogmatic is whittled away, and nothing is left but platitudes and truisms, which any one may subscribe,, or used words which to Protestant ears could have none but an innocent meaning,- whilst they were all the while charged with crypto-hieratic significa- tion transparent to all Catholics " (i. e., to a " A simple-minded Protestant may be in- clined to ask how it happens that in the Declara- tory Act of- the Vatican faith -the ' Infallible Pope apparently claims for himself -the right to err, and only disclaims the right of other people to judge him for his errors.. A simple- minded Vaticanist will probably answer that Boniface VIII., by using the general term deviare, and not the technical term errare, took good care not to impugn his infallibility in matters of faith and morals. All that he meant : to. do— such - would . be. the Vatican argument ; was to claim immunity for ' deviations " in the fallible part .of, his nature, .i.e., .to quote the drastic language of ,one: of the: .Fathers of- the Council . of , -.Constance, the right -Jo be.i a , filius perdihonis. ; Simon uicus, avarus, mendax, exactor fornicator. supe>;busi .jpomposus, et j dejor - guam diabolus " without, being called .to account for such peccadilloes before -any earthly tribunal. \- The true', solution, of, the: difficulty, - however lies neither in the , Protestant -interference nor in the Vatican refutation. , , \- History— I of,, course mean history in its raw state, and not. yet. infallibilized— shows that the Yaticanist would, so.far; be right that Boniface did in fact only claim immunity, for the ." devia tions," , of, the kind above enumerated, and to , which the mediaeval Popes were somehow un fortunately- liable, and -that, he did not claim immunity to err in matters of faith and morals but- tho reason is;not, to be ascribed to confidence l iii - his infallibility, but just the reverse ; for it is simply , this— that no Pope would at the commencement of 'the. fourteenth century have ventured to assert his immunity from being judged. -by a General Council in matter of heresy.,.. Personal - infallibility was, it is true, already-, in,. the air, but it liad not yet been .precipitated-- in -the shape of an utterance ex catliedr.cl, j and it -required nearly 600 years more before it .could assume the shape of an CEcumeni- cal Decree.-H i ,, \- At 'the .time -of vthe: Unavi' Sanctam the universal doctrine of the Church was that Popes were: . accountable!- , for ( heresy to General -.Councils,; i.e;jn that thoy. wero fallible in regard to matters 'of faith arid morals. This! doctrine was so much a matter of course, even- a. century later, that John XXIII., at a critical moment of the Council of Constance, , was on.'the point of making a clean breast of all his crimes -before the Council on tho plea that heresy not being amongst them, for which alone he was amenable; to the Council, his other out- j rages lay outside the jurisdiction of the Holy j Fathers — " fuiulans se in hoc, quod Papa | propter quodcunque delictum, ut dicebat, nisi I propter Jueresia, deponi non posset." — Theodori- ! cusdeNiem, De Vild Jolian. XXII lM lib. ii.. I cap. 3. f solect body of Vaticauists, for how many Roman Catholics have read Unam Sanctam which if only guessed at by Protestants would have filled them with horror and dismay ? The first alternative is impossible ; for the mere thought of employing such a method would in a Roman Catholic bo mortal sin. We are theroforo of necessity bound to assume the latter, and it is upon this assumption that 1 base my charge of a want of literary good faith. For Dr. Manning's avowed object was to induce Protestants to believe that, without knowing it, they were all Ultramontane3 (Erastians ex- \- copied, who, Dr. Manning says, arc not Protes- tants (sic) — that there were no vital points of . difference between Anglicans, Presbyterians, \- Nonconformists, &c.;, and Yaticanists, that tney were all Christians in the same sense, /'starting from tho same premises, and, with the help of Aldrich, certain to land in the same conclu- ! sions. . His object from his point of view was a laud able one no doubt — viz., to get as large a crew as possible into his Ultramontane galley, and to set out on a joint cruise against what he is pleased to consider infidels and sceptics. And all this, I liavo no doubt, from a professional, ; ecclesiastical, and infidel-lmnting point of view, is fair enough, but not, I maintain, from a 1 literary point of view. Literature requires that language shall be used in its natural sense, and that where verba technica \- are employed a glossary shall be furnished, giv ing their true meaning. But if Dr. Manning -> had appended such a glossary to his articles, \- would lie have gained his point? I leave your " readers to answer the question after they have deciphered Dr. Manning's definition of Ultra montane doctrine with the key with which I < have furnished them in the text of Unam -Sanctam. -. . . . That definition will then run thus : — " The doctrine of the Unam Sanctam, i.e'i, ' of ; Ultramontanism, i.e., of Catholicity, i.e., of per- feot Christianity, is as follows : — "1. That God hath ordained in this world two powers, the temporal prince and the Pope, v " 2. That of these two the Pope is the higher. ; "3. That in exercising his temporal power, ' the temporal , prince is limited and directed by the Pope." The cabalistic ; formula, therefore, by which 1 Dr: Manning- has been enabled to effect all his ' marvellous transformation scenes turns out to be v the very simple one of using the words God and Pope as convertible terms, and employing the one or the other, as occasion required — the word Pope when' addressing Catholics, the word God -.'when addressing;; Protestants ! But to start ' ' from this assumption 1 in arguing with Protest- ants is, to say the least of it, a somewhat bold <' - . pelitio 'pi'hiiipifc'' ' ' 1 1 must- now proceed to establish my second ; charge;'(tihat 'deviatiqii by Dr. Manning from i' . tho definitions of - the Vatican Council," and, !as v in his letter of the 22nd October, he appearsjto me to deviate from the teaching of Vaticaiiism in a more glaring manner than he has ever done ' ' yet, I will1 for convenience sake confine myself' tothe assertions there made. ' ' ' ! Dr. Manning says (section I.) that Catholic theologians hold three principles ' 1. That tho Pope is not Lord of the' whole' world.1 ' 1 2\. That the Pope is not the Lord ; even of the whole Christian world. ' | .; 3\. That the Pope has not any purely temporal jurisdiction' over 1 temporal princes by1 Divine light. ' 1 . 1 I need hardly observe that if T were to appeal ; -to Catholic theologians for rebutting evidence,1 I; ' "could find for one who maintains these thesis a 1 '. huiidrGd wlio maihtain' the contrary ones. ' ' But, ; as 1 have before said, ah appeal from the ipssisima verba oE the Infallible Chair to the interpretation of theologians is absolutely excluded by the Decrees of the Vatican Council. For the "tot: thoologi tot sententiae" has been substituted the ; authoritative dicta of one, universal doctor and " teacher, who is always there to be consulted ; < \- land therefore this appeal of Dr. Manning is itself a clear deviation from the decrees I - Wore space available, 1 could refute the three propositions by an almost endless number jof quotations from ei» cathedra utterances and jas the' text of the Unam Sanctam is beforeyour readers, I shall mainly adhere to that. I ain the more justified in doing so that Dr. Manning has selected th at Bull as the Declaratory Act of Ul tramontanism, i.e., of perfect Christianity,, and : has, - with the boldness of an enfant terrililej thruBt prominently forward a document which . even the keenest of ' Papal doctors had hitherto kept in the - background, and treated as a iioli mc tawjere i() :' ': - ' ' . ' ;'T:. ' ; ' " ' i 5 I: Fir3tly, thea, as to';the proposition ' ' that . . the Pope is'not Lord of the whole world." Here ! are tho words of the Unam Sanctam : ' ' We de clare, say, define, arid pronounce that every human ' creature is as a -'necessity of salvation 1 subject to; the Roman Pontiff. "' ".'Subesse JRo- : man o Pohtifici. " I need not observe that the -;m .correlative of 'subject ' is sovereign, a much qi stronger ; term than " Lord," which need not n.i; necessarily mean more than the relation of a i ;: , suzerain; >to a semi-independent vassal. . ' i II. In regard to the second proposition, that .the Pope is not the lord even of the whole of -the Christian world, I must confess my utter \- inability to comprehend how such a sentence can have escaped from the pen of a Vatican; 1 prelate. . ' j ; If there is one Papal doctrine more distinctly .: Papal than another, it is the claim of the Popes i to be supreme lords over the whole of Christen- v. dom, i.e., over the entire community of baptised .' persons throughout the world. It is quite true \- .L'-that Catholic \theologians have maintained the 1 contrary. - But who are the Catholic theologians .» - who have done so ? : Why, those against whom " the most /fearful /anathemas of the Vatican Church have been 'launched, and whom the actual Pontiff has singly and corporately excom municated. They are the prophets whom the .Vatican lias stoned, and. whom no one has ..! denounced more fiercely, and, I regret to add, with more gall and bitterness, than Dr. Manning i himself ; and it is to the testimony of these witnesses, with whom to associate .is in itself a Bin; that Dr. Manning appeals to refute the correctness of my assertipns. Is this not; as muoh as to say that any argument iB good enough to throw at Protestant objectors ? ' And now for the refutation. As the whole ( See on this subject a remarkable article in the Guardian of the 4th March, 1874, includes the part, it is clear that if the Pope in the Unam Sanctam claims ithe supremacy over the whole world, he does so also over the whole of the Christian world, which is only a part of : the other.- But independently of this, as your readers will at once remember, the Bull defines in the clearest possible manner what the eccleshe, properly so called, over which the Pope rules supreme, consists in. It is one body with one lord, one faith and one baptism ; and as if to leave no possible loophole of doubt, St. Peter's successor condescends to argue the matter in his infallible way, and to prove from Scripture that Greeks and all other baptised persons are, whether tliey like it or not, part of the flock committed to the charge of the Roman Pontiff. But if the authority of the Unam Sanctam is not sufficient for Dr. Manning, may I ask how he interprets tho Bull De Matrimonii Valitidate, in which, in the clearest terms in which Vatican speech is capable, the doctrine is laid down that emancipation from Papal jurisdiction cannot be obtained by prescription, however extended ; and that the children of heretics, and their chil dren's children ad infinitum, though expelled from the unity of the Church, and deprived of all the advantages conferred by the Church, re main bound-by the laws and authority of the Supreme Pontiff. Deprived of the hope of sal- vationTn the next world, they must yet, as long as they remain in this, continue, like all other Christians, within the jurisdiction of Rome. ... cxploratuni . habemus ab hcereticis baplizatos. .si erroribus baptizantis adhcereant . . . ab ecclesim unitate repelli, iisquebonis orbari omni- bus. <uibus> firiiiintur, in ecclesia versantes, non tamen ab ejus ductoritate et legibus liber ari.tfi) Neeff l, in addition to this, refer to the fact that the whole constitution of the Roman Church; in countries with mixed populations, is based on the assumption that non-Catholics are as much part of tho Roman flock as Catholics : or to the Pope's recent letter to the German Em peror, which involves the same principle ! I have cited my authorities, and I now chal lenge Dr. Manning to produce any bull, breve, encyclical; common extravagance, or other infal lible document, in which the Pope has renounced his claim to exercise jurisdiction over the total ity of baptized persons throughout the world. .-..A Bulla-jiDe matrimonii validitate inter. viruni Jndanim et mulierem' luereticam. Bullarium Benedicti NIV. Tom. iii. Rome. lS73. 