Mr. Ruskin on Bishops and <!lci-Ky. | ",'", We qu in the following eli tracte I listen obst I A ttt has of All Ruskin, from the um it by mind her of his " I ( is ( 1 living in ' " " I was aske 1 by one of my Oxford ] despite the other day till I had he ever had any serious word of what it might seem best for clergymen to do in a time of so great d night and division "I have not, because any in in s becoming a (lorryman in these (days Latest imply one of two things time] He t he has Houielliuig to do and his f i men which he honestly believed himself impelled to do and say by the Holy Gil stand in that case he is likely to see his way without being shown it-or else he is one of the group of so called Christians who, except with the out p m wind ear, have not so much as hear it whether there be any Holy Ghost,' and no practically lying, both to men and to God persons to whom, whether they be foolish or worked in their ignorance, no honest way can possibly be shown " The pin ticular kinds of folly also which had! youths to become clergyman, unwilled, are especially adaptable That a lad just out of his teens, and not under the influence of my deep religious tiilhiisiasin, should even contemplate the possibility of his being set up in the middle of a mixed company of men and women of the world, to instinct the aged, encourage the valiant, support the weak, reprove the guilty, and set an example to all, and not feel what a ridiculous and blasphemous business it would be, if he only pretended to do it for him and what a ghastly and murderous bush miss it would be, if he did it strenuously along and what a emotions and all but a terrible thing that Church and its power must be if it were possible for him, with all the good meaning in the world, to do it rightly that any youth, I say, should not have got himself into the state of recklessness, or conceit, required to become a clergyman at all, under these existing circumstances, must put him quite out of the pile of those whom one appeals to on any reasonable or moral question, in serious nating I went into a Ritualistic church the other day for instance, in the West End It was built of bad Gothic, lighted with had painted glass, and find its Littny intoned and its sermon delivered on the subject of wheat and chiefly a young man of, as far as I could judge, very sincere religious sentiments, but very certainly the kind of person whom one might have brated in a mortar among the very best of the wheat with a pestle, without making his foolishness depart from him And, in general, any man's becoming a clergyman in these days implies that, at best, his sentiment has overpowered his intellect, and that, whatever the feebleness of the latter, the victory of his impertinent piety has been probably owing to its alliance with his conceit and its promise to him of the gratification of being regarded as an oracle, without the trouble of becoming wise, or the grief of being so." The work of the ev angels was done before they could be made bishops that of the apostle cannot be done on a bishop's tin one there remains to them, of all possible office of organisation in the Church, only that of the pastoral. ' verily and intensely their own ; received by them in definite charge when they received what they call the Holy Ghost :-' Be. to the flock of Christ" a shepherd, not a wolf ; feed them, devour their not." " Does any man, of all the men who have re- i received this charge in England, know what it is to be a wolf recognise in himself the wolfish instinct, and the thirst for the blood of God's flank .' Var if he does not know what is the unit of of a wolf, how should he know what it it is to be a shepherd I If he never felt like a wolf himself, does he know the people who do ? He does not expect them to lick, their lips and bare their teeth at him, I suppose, as they do in a pantomime 2 Did he ever in his life see a wolf coming, and debate with himself whether he should fight or fly ? or is not rather his whole life one headlong hire- King's flight, without so much as turning his failed to see what manner of heroes they are that follow away, are not his very hireling's wages paid him far Hying instead of lighting " Dures any one of them answer mother from my college of the Body of Christ I challenge every mitre of them ; definitely, the soul of St. Peter's borough, whom I note as a pugnacious and accurately worded person, and hear of as an outspoken one, able and ready to answer for: his fulfillment of the charge to Peter. How many wolves does he know in Peterborough show finally sheep what battle has he done what bites in ho show the scars of whose sins lins be remitted in Peterborough. -whose retained. has he not remitted, like his brother bishops, all the sins of the rich, and retained all those of the poor does he know, in Peterborough, who are nominators, who thieves, who liars, who murderers and This he even dared to tell any one of them to his face that he was so-if the man had over a hundred a. year Have mercy upon all Turks, Jews, infidels, and heretics, and so fetch them home, blessed Lord, to Thy Rock, that they may be saved among the remnant of the true Israelites.' Who are the true Israelites, my lord of Peterborough, '" whom you can definitely, announce for such, in your- diocese. Or, perhaps, the Bishop of Manchester will take up the challenge, having lately spoken wisely - in generalities - concerning fraud. Who are the true Israelites, my lord of Jlunehesloi', on your Exchange ! Do they stretch their- cloth, like other people I have they any underhand dealings with the liable to bedimmed falso Israelites- Rothschilds and the) like 2 or are they duly solicitous about those wanderers' souls and how often, on the average, do your Manchester clergy preach from the delicious parable, savories of all Scripture to rogues, at least since the eleventh century, when I had it to have been specially headed with, golden title in my boat Creek MS. of the Pharisee and Publican and how often, on the average, from those objectionable first and fifteenth Psalms? " For (the last character in St Paul's enumera- tion, which bishops can claim, and the first which they are bound to claim, for the perfect- ing of the saints, and the work of the ministry, is that of the doctor a teacher. "In which character, to what wink of their own, frank and faithful, can they appeal in the last fifty years of especial danger to the Church, flinn false teaching / On this matter, my child charge will be most fittingly made to my own bishop, of the University of Oxford. He inhibited on the second Sunday of Advent of last year', another bishop of Lila English Church from preaching at C'nifiix. By what right Which of the two bishops am I, their innocent lamb to listen to It is true that, the insulted bishop was only a colonial one am I to under Bland, therefore, that the CImicIi sends her heretical bishops nut as apostles, while she keeps her- orthodox ones at home? and that, accordingly, a stay-at-homes bishop may always silence a retumed apostle Ã And, touching the questions which are at issue, is there a single statement of the Bishop of Is'iital's, respecting the Bible text, which the Bishop of Oxfoiddares to contradict before I'lofcHsor Max M tiller, or- any' other leading scholar of Kuiopuf Does the Bishop of Oxford himself believe every statement in Um Bible I If not, which does he disbelieve, and why I The Butters The whole collection of books to be spoken of-certainly by many clergy- men in his diocese as the Word of (Im. If he disbelieves any portion of it, that portion he is bound at once to inhibit him from so calling, till enquiry has been made concerning it but if: he and the other orthodox home bishops who would very joyfully, I perceive, burne the Bishop of Natal at Paul's, and make 1 Ludgate Hill safer for the oiiinibii.si's withe the uniform of him-if they verily believe all, or even with a living faith, any vital part of the Bible, how is it that we, The incredulous sheep, see no signs following them that believe that though they can cominiiiiicato the Holy Spirit, they cannot oxeominuiilcatu the un- holy one, and apologetically leave the hearing of the sick to the physician, the taking up of sor spirits to the juggler, and the moving of mountains to the railway navvy / " li was never meant that anyone should do HiH'h things literally, after St. Paul's time." Thou what was meant, and what in, doctors; mine ! C'hnlleiigu enough for this time, it seems to me; the rather that just as I finish writing it I receive a challenge myself requiring attentive answer. Kurs shall not have brought it me at better time. The render will find it the first is. the " Notes and Correspondence " of this year and my answer may both meet the doubts of many readers who would not be frankly leave expressed thin, and contain some definitions of principle which are necessary for our future work. The Hour understands that a further Story will immediate"ly be taken towards the consolidation of the British North American Provinces. It in but a few years ago since every square mile of British territory in North America outside Upper and Lower Canada and the South East Provinces was the property of an association of merchants. This company, trading under the name of the Hudson's Bay Company, had. despotic sway over 3,170,000 square miles, and the boundaries of its domains worse On the north, the Arctic Ocean on the cast, Russia America, and the Pacific on the south, the United States and Canada on the west, the Atlantic. But the power of the 11 uiIsoii'b Bay Company has passed away. The Dominion of Canada has gradually taken its place. British Columbia and Vancouver's Island, have in) turn enjoyed a separate colonial existence, and entered into the confederation, and now the rest of this enormous territory is to be formally annexed, and become an integral part of the empire. Roughly speaking, the portion of the Hudson's Bay territory now to be incorporated may be described as Rupert's Land and Labrador, comprising, with British Columbia, the three great natural divisions of British North America, the last-named including the territory situated be tween the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific, Rupert's Land that extending from the Rocky Mountains to the Hudson Sea, and Labrador the great peninsula stretching from the eastern shores of the Hudson Sea to the Atlantic. Of course, by far the larger portion of this enormous tract of country is barren; but on the eastern slopes of the Rocky Mountains are magnificent; forests, and in the districts surrounding Saskatchewan English River, Cumberland, Swan River, and lied River, are endless tracts of rich prairie lands, destined no doubt, to became the homes of great agricultural communities. The: City Lantern, a humorous and satirical journal of Manchester, prints a parody, applied, to a stream flowing through that city, which would find application in many another city. It runs thus : 1 How by tainted, noisome pots, A dark and deadly river : I Four game my forget-me-nots, Which lining the air for over. 1 grow-, 1 slide, I clip, 1 away. I mock your poor endeavor ; Former may write and rain may talk-. Hut Creek on for ever. I, ' 1 rock with all my might and main, Of league will aiMli uni brother ; With With here and there a nasty drain. And here and there n mayor. 132 feet bank, impure and not, " 'l swirl of loathsome river : ' t . >lv-breath Strong, himself I was weak. I. , . Death boats on me for ever. 