THE latest European telegrams have some items of much suggestiveness. On Monday it was telegraphed to us from Europe, “General Garibaldi has arrived at Rome, where he met with an. enthusiastic receptiom” On Tuesday it was telegraphed to us, “ Garibaldi has taken his seat in the Italian Parliament,” and that ‘ ‘ Jphn Bright at Birmingham has urged the dis- - establishment of the Chinch.” These three tele- : grams all tell, as it seems to ns, the same story, to wit, the irresistible advance of humanity to- a clearer separation of churches from states. The victory has been; achieved' in Ireland, where for. many years ..the Roman Catholics suffered under -most unrighteous disabilities. In Italy, and notably in Rome, a similar Vic tory has been won, and the enthusiastic recep tion of Garibaldi, and; his taking his seat;in the Ifahan Parliament, at Rome, is an emphatic illustration of the progress of modem thought in' that part of . the world.! In England we have a recent Minister .of the Crown, always, ; it is true, a Dissenter, and a Liberal, publicly advocating the disestablishment of the' Church. have taken occasion over and over again -to say, So we may repeat howj the sepa-: ration of the Chmch and State in England is’ simply a question ,of time, and of time rapidly lessening. Indeed it may chance to he any thing but a rash prediction to .hazard that next five years those who- live as long may see the separation of the Church and’State in England. It is quite improbable that’ the English people, now so largely coin tposediiof Dissenters from vthe Established Church, will consent to lie under the disabili ties.they at present suffer. For although those disabilities 'have been practically ;; consider-; ably-., reduced, there are still remaining some which are provocative of; discon 'tent,“"‘'and“''justly ' ’provocative. Another element in the business is the appatentlyuh .curable, unwisdom... of The old- Roman adage, -. “ Quem . JDetis nvuk ” • seems to be perennially illustrated in connection with the English Church. What all other people can see with the clearness of sunlight radiance; a certain number of the English clergy appear tube entirely blind to, namely, that the pre scriptive privileges of the Church are out of date and; hostile to the rights and to the feelings of the mass of the people, must be re pealed, and if enforced must of necessity expe dite Thus,at intervals we still read of the most’ 4 stu'pid'. acts of .' bigotry per formed to say nothing of the attempted enforcement still of what are called * ‘ dominical rights,” and other unrighteous taxes . upon -.unbelieving’ Englishmen.' As r in Ireland and as ini Roine, so' in England, the; Church must go‘out arid be separate from the unclean swmlar r things.; ?;Each; Church must learn to stand on its own bottom, attend to its own business, andleave the State to attend to its affairs. In ‘that, way.we have no doubt that all the legitimate claims of , the Churches of all sorts will be more readily and candidly recognised,’ a surer freedom' of action wffl be •Obtained by the Churches, and whatever of di vinity there is in them will have ampler'oppor tunity to vindicate itself in helping, to .convert; the world to' -a true faith—that is,-to,a true' observance of that which is just -and pure and merciful. ... “Howto niake farming pay” is one of the standard, topics, which, though well worn, still receives some occasional rubbing. We wrote yesterday upon the "railway policy of this co lony, and attempted to shb%v that a more liberal: would be a wiser policy, and : that in helping. the development of the future of • the country if would tend to. a general prosperity. Mr Martin, who read a paper on railway freights ; at the meeting in the City-hall the other night, has put the 1 case, perhaps, a little too strongly when , he. said the farm lands of the colony could not be made productive in ' consequence, of the.heavy.,charges for the: transit of produce to market.” But, we doubt if he.was very faf”out even in taking so strong: a position as that. A farmer without a mal> ket is like a shopkeeper without a customer, and whatever tends to make the market diffi cult of approach tends to prevent the farmers’ industry from being profitable. The St. Arnaud Times, as quoted in our agricultural report in Thursday’s Star, has a remark bear ing upon this point. That journal says;— “ The new crops are unsurpassed for quality and cleanness, but farmers complain strongly of the high charges for carriage to the Ballarat market, which are considerably more per road and rail than they were when teams took the stuff right through;” ■. The Maryborough Stan dard of Tuesday last gave another instance of the how-not-to-do-it of the Bail way. Department in the matter cf freights, for‘it ’mentioned an instance wherein the ordinary victories ob tained by carriers against the railway between Ballarat and Geelong were equalled by those won by carriers between Melbourne and Mary borough. One firm in Maryborough, cordial makers, have saved" ho less than £1 16s in carriage by sending a man to Melbourne,to bring up material used in their business at Maryborough. The load brought up was some 15 cwt of sulphuric acid, the cost of carriage of which by rail amounted to £6 16s, or one half more than the cost of the acid. By dray the carriage amounted to £5, making the difference named. Well, we must have, it is plain, a revision of the„policy of the Railway. Department in the matter of freights, but the farmer will need something mofe than that if he is going to make it pay in Victoria. Occa sionally we have.,an American visitor* who does not hesitate to say that our farmers do not yet understand their business, the meaning of which, as we gather from accompanying ob servations, is that fanning to pay must be scientifically done, and must be done with all the aids that the newest mechanical improve ments offer. The immense cereal produce of America is the produce of of immense aggrega tions of corn crops, the cutting of which by the old-fashioned system would be practically impossible, and certainly would be commer cially ruinous. The Americans, perforce of circumstances, have made themselves famous as leaders in the invention of all kinds of machines, and it is the application of these American inventions to farming that has made farming in America attain the position it now holds. The farmer here is,»attempting to follow in the same wake, and must continue to do so with unremitting attention and applica tion if the business is to be made to pay. The Haines Header recently tried on Mr Scott’s farm is one example of mechanical aids which promises to be of no -inconsiderable value to the farmer. Mr Hardy, of Preston, near Mel bourne, has also recently patented a reaping and binding machine, and. in bur Thursday’s issue we copied from the. Argus a description of that machine. If it turn out in practise to be as good as it represented to be in des cription it will .be a valuable boon to the arable farmer. Farming, however,' in Victoria needs something more_ than, low , railway freights and the wise' use. of good mechanical contrivances. It needs; the expenditure of capital and the application, of foresight for the construction of reservoirs of water, and for the introduction of . some system of provision; against such terrible calamities as that which came upon so large a - portion'of the colony during the late hot weather. Every home stead should have its reservoir and a portable engine, and should be protected by timely clearance of all grass and straw and other light combustibles immediately contiguous to the homestead. -It would be a’ good thing, also, if in every , district the; farmers asso ciated together for the "purpose of prosecut ing every instance of wilful or careless' incendiarism. As the result is equally inju rious whether the fire be raised by careless ness or by malice, the law. has wisely pro vided that both shall, be. punishable,’and-by organising the farmers may perhaps be able in some measure, by offers of rewards for convic tions or otherwise, to check these evils. The old changes have been so often rung about the necessity of manuring and rotation of crops, and so many sad instances have been cited of wasteful exhaustion' of the soil, that it seems hardly necessary to keep on barping upon so well-worn a subject.; Stiff, the reiteration of truths of value is. occasionally a duty, and wa may point to the recent harvests on the Smeatbh Plains as an instance of- the : -wicked folly of exhausting the soil. Those plain*, used to be rich in their products,, and may have remained, so if they had. been ..farmed with anything like rational and dutiful atten tion to the rights i , of the- land, and, we may add, to .the rights- of the: community in the right .use of the land. For, as no man can by any possibility; add:, one’ .cqbitstature; neither can he add one one'inch to the land, and he has no right, iby his own greed or carelessness, to rob the‘ community of the] fuUest;possible bsuffuct of fthe land! TMifns a fruitful topic, but we have no space now! to; follotv it further. * Another element- of remu nerative farming in Victoria, as iu- hnost other places, ot;Vcourse/' as i8 u comif^now*t«bS- 1 pretty well seen, the commingling of arable With.,a.judicious.mix-. ture in this.respec.t, with a reductipndn railway freigh'tsjwiththeiiltroductionofthebestpossible implements and machineiy, with a better water supply to our homesteads; with a better organi sation for the suppression of carelessness in the use of fire, and with a greater disposition 'to real settlement aud home-makings the farm lands of Victoria may yet become more truly sources of profit to the community, and places where the farmer may be followed by his son, ! and his son’s son, as in the old! world. “ One more unfortunate,” or nearly so, or else one more nearly fortunate. This is the thought suggested by the report of the. Sebastopol Board of Advice, wherein it is said that the board adjourned sine, die because the board ‘‘ had no business before them to transact since September last, and no prospect of any in the future.” The board, like most of the other! boards, complained of the . utter want of courtesy and responsiveness on the part of fire department, and showed that its own position was in the highest degree unpleasant and "in effective, so it did the next best thing to giving up the ghost absolutely, aud in doing so threw upon the department the onus' of ' enforcing! the compulsory clauses of the act. This sort; of thing has been going on all round the coun try, and it is evident there must be some; change made in the administration of the act. Either the Boards of Advice must be done' away with or they must have something to do. They must either be put out of the way or have some powers, and be recognised by the department, ■ 