THE TELEGRAM. * Mrs. Smith, I am astonished at you !' John Smith was * astonished' at his wife at iea-=t otice a day, on an average. Mrs. Smith was used to it. She was a tall, slight woman, scarcely more ihan a girl in years, with cheeks that had been as pink as .sea-shells in the days of her happy maiden life. * Things are all at sixes and sevens,' went on Mr Smith, tying his cravat before the mirror, and viciously twitching it into a knot. * Coal wasted, butter thrown into the grease jar, and my third- best coat sold to a dealer in tinware, for a funnel and two pie platters. I never heard of anything so outrageous in iny Hfe.' * But, my dear,' meekly interposed the much-enduring wife, * we needed the tinware, and you had not worn the coat for a year ; it was full of moths.' 4 There it is again,' said Mr. Smith. * The niDth would never have got into it if vou had taken tbe proper precautions. I never heard of a moth in my mother's time. And now you are actually asking permission to visit your brother.' * I have not been away from home before since we were married, John,' piteously pleaded Mrs. Smith. ' I feel almost worn out, and I think the change would do me good.7 * And what is to become of me ?' sonorously demanded the husband. Mrs. John Smith thought of the day's ex cursion last week, and the trout-fishing expe dition a fortnight sinee ; but she said nothing, except — * It don't cost much to go, John ; and I'll only stay away a week. Do let ine go ! The doctor says the fresh air might help baby along with his teeth, and little Johnny is drooping.' 4 Well,' said Mr. Smith, as ungraciously as possible, * I suppose you'll have to go, and altogether our expenses are ruinous this vear. See how Georgiana Trotter manages for her husband. I don't suppose it costs them half to live that it does us. I might have married Georgiana Trotter once. 1 almost wish I had.' It was on Mrs. Smith's lips to utter — * So do I.' But she looked at the little children, and jy&s; silent. ' Yes,* went on Mr. Smith, * I suppose you must go.' * It's his way,' she thought ; * he means well enough ; and I suppose all men are so- — only I wish he had kissed me good-bye.* » Woman nature all over. Her heart yearned hungrily for the omitted caress — the ignored word of tenderness. Poor Mrs. John Smith ! How the strong-minded of her sex would have pitied and despised her. It was dreary enough, on that August evening, as Mr. Smith screwed his key into the latch and groped his way in. No light, No fire. He sat down in the bay window, aad stared about the vacant room. There was his wife's workbasket on the table, while Johnny's forgotten rattle lay on the- floor close by. * It's deuced lonely !' mattered Mr. Smith, with something of a shiver. * I hope Jenny won't stay Ion;;.' And as he lighted his cigar and whiffed away, a guilty sense of his own shortcomings came upon him. * It must have been rather a stupid life for her here, poor little thing,* thought he. *I might have come home early io keep her .company, a great many times, when I didn't. S'ie had to sew a great deal for the children ; and now I come to reflect upon the matter, Jenny has grown thin and pale of late.' Pe moved bis chair uneasily. * I suppose they are at Bilberry Farni by this time,' said he to himself. * I suppose the younkers are in bed, and Jenny is sitting listening to the nightingale. I've almost a mind to go out there myself to-morrow even ing ; it would be a pleasant surprise for Jenny and — hallo! what's that? A ring at the bell ?' John Smith shuffled alone: to the door in his slippers. * Oh, a telegram j now I wonder who should telegraph to me.' Mr. Smith carried his buff envelope back to the parlour light, and somewhat nervously tore it open. ' To John Smith. — Eailrosd accident. Your wife is killed, and your child danger ously hurt. Come by the next train. * Jabed Meredith, M.D.' Again and again Mr. Smith's bewildered eyes roved over the contents of this appalling missive, before he could fully comprehend its deadlv meaning. 1 Dead ! Killed V he muttered to himself. 1 My Jenny killed by a railroad accident r And then, catching' a railway guide from the book-shelf, he whirled over its leaves with a trembling hand. The next train did not leave the terminus under an hour and a half. An hour and a half ! To him the time seemed almost like eter nity. How could he endure this awful agony of soul for an hour and a half? * Perhaps they are incorrect,' he muttered to himself, wiping the beads of cold sweat from his brow. * People can't always judge exactly in such a moment of dismay. Per haps she id only badly hurt, and I can nurse her through it, after all. My Jenny ; my loving, patient, sweet-eyed wife.' A strong sob rose up into his throat, as if it would strangle him. * No, no, she is killed !' he gasped, as bis eye fell once more on the telegram. * Dead ! And I never can speak to her again, or tell her what a cruel, exacting qrute I have been. Grod knows I didn't mean it, and now it is too late to make any any amends. Why didn't the children go too ? How can I bring them up without Jenny ?' His head drooped low in his quivering bands ; a low, spasmodic groan burst from his pale lips. An hour and a half before he could get to Jenny ; half an hour, then, before he could reach the scene of tbe accident, and look upon J her dead face. * If I could only live my life over again/ he cried aloud to the bare walls, while tight in his arms, he clasped Jenny's little work basket, with its strip of unfinished hemming — all that was left to him of the fair, departed presence. ' If I could only speak to her just once, and ask her forgiveness for a thousand things. But now it is too late — too late, and i He stopped abruptly. The sound of a cab driving hastily up to the door, the reiterated jerk of the bell-wire, roused him once more into reluctant action. * John ! dear John !' * Jenny ! my wife !' He stood pale and stupified, staring at her as if she were actually a ghost returned from the regions of space and unreality. ' There has been a terrible railroad acci dent,'' said JeDny, her voice faltering, as she laid the baby down on a sofa, and took little Johnny lovingly on her lap, *' a few miles be yond C ? . Three or four people were killed, but, thank God 1 we escaped unhurt* Of course, I took the first train back that I could, for I knew you would hear of it and be uneasy. And only think, dear, there was a poor mother killed, with her little babe in her arms, and her name was the same as mine — 1 Mrs. John Smith/' He pointed one trembling finger to the telegram which lay open on the table. Mrs. Smith read it with, dilated eyes and pale face. ' Oh, my love, what a fright you have had !' she exclaimed. ' And only to reflect it might have been me.' ' But it is not. Oh ! thank . Heaven, my own darling wife, it is not,' gasped the hus band, holding his recovered treasure close to b.Is heart ; ' and I have yet time to live my life over again.' And from that hour John Smith was a changed man. 