THE LEGER DAT AND THE AUSTRALIAN CUP On this day (Saturday) commences the autumn meeting of the Victoria Raoing Glub, and it remains to be seen whether the experiment this year tried by the olub of increasing the number of days' raoing will tura out a sufficient auooess to , warrant them is continuing it The programme, taken all through, is a good one, and although the fields for some of the events are email compared to what we have been accustomed to see, yet the quality is ao good as to make up for any short coming in this respect, and with fine weather this autumn meeting should be the most successful we have had for years. Proceedings, as usual, com mence with the Hurdle Baoe, for whioh there are only eight entries, the most noticeable absentees of reoent publio performers being Robin and Doubtful. The former is being, in all probability, reserved for the Grand Nationals, whilst the latter, with the remainder of Mr. Fisher's horses, are, we presume, not to race for private reasons. Rory O'More, with list 61b to carry, will have all \- his work to keep pace with the cattle opposed to him, for some of them are very fast under the light weights allotted them. The gay Irishman has, however, quite recovered from the acoident whioh prevented his appearance at Geelong, and is reported by the stable " never so fit." Under list be has made as good time as anything over the Melbourne hurdles, and therefore it would be unwise in selecting a winner not to make some slight reservation in his favour. His owner, how ever, does not seem to be of the same opinion, for sinoe the above was written he has scratohed him, Welshman is always dangerous with 9st 12lb, and a better horse at the weight than his stable com panion, Sir William Don. G-nnter showed on Saturday that he had quite got over the soreness which troubled him after Sandhurst, and as 9sfc 81b ib a weight quite witain the compass of his abilities, we most tick him off as very dangerous. W. F.'s condition will have a great deal to do with his chance, but if even within 71b of what we have aeen him, oannot be out of it with 9st 51b. The only taste we have had of Snbadah's quality was on New Tear's Day, when, he ran very well till gfnnrUMi hv an/ttfiunf Knfr af tlia ItA MM VJ ..WV.WVUW, t/uv WW DUO tuuo UV gO ¥ V ns the impression of being a very fast horse over the sticks Fearnaoght we ehonld fanoy rather green yet for the business, and Shamrock cannot be trusted after the way he stock up at Kensington Park on Saturday. The handicap seems to us a very fair one, and the task of selecting a winner one of nnusnal difficulty, but the light weights on their baoks induoe us to name Gunter, W.F.,and Subadah as the three first to catch the judge's eye. The field for the Ascot Vale Stakes will in all probability be composed of Oreasida, Torn-o'-the- Tide, Grace Roseberry, Improver, Attraction, My Idea, Maid of All Work, Mary Gladstone, Troy, Fraternity Spark, the Alpha filly, and the Modesty oolt. Of these it is possible that for reasoas unnecessary to mention, Canterbury, the Art Union colt, Troy, and Fraternity may be kept at home, althongh we think it hardly likely, as they have not already been drawn. Should all these go public running points to Maid ef All Work, Canterbury, Improver, and Troy, being the best, and as Maid of All Work showed up in good form at Geelong there is no need to look further for the winner, the hollow style in whioh he won the Maribyrnong Plate showing her to be pounds better than any of the others. The twenty- three horses engaged in the Brunswiok Stokes seem very fairly put together by Mr. Barnard, and ce the great majority ef them are in oapitol health and oonditioa, we ehonld have a splendid raoe for this mile and a quarter handicap. Those whose ohaoees appear at present the best are New- bold, Lurline, Calumny, Wollomai, Benjiroo, Ada, and Barmaid. Rather a wide selection to make, it is true, but of these we shall recommend AiuruuO| vttiuiuuji «QH Anl m vuffi DHu« J397 1O6 Leger we will have the smallest and most select field we have had for years. Of toe forty-seven well- bred youngsters originally entered there oaly remains some half dozen that would have a ghost ofashow. Aocident and disease have disabled some of the best, whilst most of the otheil have not been found good enough. We do not expect to see more than four or five at the post, these ooming from Melbourne, Light of Day, Polidori, 8tock- bridge, Stampede, Maid of Hawthorn, Gaslight, Southern Gross, and Blink Bonnie. In all proba bility only the first four will start, and in the faoe of his recent great performances it would be the height of insanity to look upon any other than Melbourne as the winner. Of toe eight in the Keilor Stokes we take Lurline, Rory O'More, and Light of Day to be the best The first-named would be our ohoioe, bat as she will have to carry a penalty of 14lb we are afraid to truit her under such a heavy impost as 10st 31b, and shall look to Rory O'More to be returned the winner. The Visitors' Plate will afford toother of those nioe journeys in whioh old vyolops and Morrison so muoh delight, and we "f® otmo ameng their opponents likely to give trouble. Of aext Thursday's raoing notbuag«an be aaid, seeing it depends so much oil Wa 75 pk® toe previous Saturday, fflw AnrtMlua Onp, howwr, i. diffimntt and for tnu «. matt nduoe our original selection to the Direr ha. bora going «o badly thuwwktb.t we ar, perforoe led to the belief «»o hotter on tho d.y, and tfaM mare i. no go»g .U .£ bA ltttterto MELBOURNE. ' , 1 , f , 