FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) LOST RACHEL. CHAPTER XLI. WHOM THE GODS LOVE DIE YOUNO. _ Chwe Temple did not appear so ill- td\\.her husband as be expected to find her from the hasty summons which, had fetched him home. Consumption, that fell destroyer of youth, is a disease both changeable and deceitful, and the excitement of Lionel's return roused its predes- tined victim into fresh life. She had insisted on being up and dressed to receive him, and they carried her downstairs to a room on the ground floor. Her restlessness made her crave for a change, and the pretty apartment, once used as a hreakfast-rootn, had been hastily fitted np for her. There was an adjoining room, which also opened with French windows on a lovely little flower garden, and this had been arranged as an ante-room, where Janet might be io attendance, or any little mat- ters seen to for the invalid without disturbing her. The first meeting betweea Lionel and his dying wife had taken place, and fortunately without producing any ill effects She looked now more spiritually beautiful than ever, as ho lay back on her cushions, dressed in a loose peignoir of light blue-it was her favourite colour, and she wore it nearly always now, and the delicate hue contrasted well with the faint bloom upon her cheek as Lionel entered and sat down Reside her. For a long time they sat and talked, his arm encircling bcr waist, while her beautiful head, Ja its waves of fair hair, res tod lovingly n hisjbroad shoulder, till he expressed a wish tave their child in, and she rang the small d-bell which was always within her reach, and/directed the nurse to bring the child to them. While the woman was gone, their con- versation turned upon Clare's new attendant, and many a kindly word the poor dying girl had to say concerning Janet-how kind she was, bow gentle, how she attended to her slightest want, and withal spoke and moved as graceful as any lady. " I have not seen hor yet," Lionel replied, as he took his little girl from the nurse's arms and placed her on his knee. " Not seen her, Lionel ?" " No." " Why, I thought-" " That she drove home with me ; so she did, my darling. I pioked her np on the road. Parker told me who she was, and I made her got up, though she seemed very unwilling at first." " Then, what do you mean by saying that you have not seen her ?" " Simply that she had a thick veil on, which completely hid her face. She did not even speak that I am aware of; indeed, I was too much occupied with my own thoughts to take much heed of her, if she had. But I am glad that she is kind to yon, my darling." " Oh, that she is, and anita mo capitally. Lionel, I never wait for anything a moment she seems almost to divine my wishes." " Where is she ?" "In the next room. Shall I ring for her ?" " No, dearest, not now. I daresay I shall see her some time or another, and I will not forget her attention to you." "Don't offer her any money, Lionel." "Why?" "I fancy she's rather proud-a word of thanks will go further with her than a present. Site's an odd creature, is Janet." Helena Temple came in shortly afterwards, and ber entrance put an end to their tete á tete, and Lionel took the opportunity of going into the inner room to have a look at this paragon of waiting maids She was sitting sewing when he entered, her figure nearl j concealed by the heavy folds of the curtains, and she rose and curtseyed to the young man as he went into the Apartment. As she did so, she came out more into the light, and he started baok witb an uncomfortable feeling of recognition, while his heart gave a ohohing bound as he gazed at the drawn, »st, doathly-white face of this new inmate of hi« household. For an iDBtant ha hold his breath 5n spïosbîcsa terror and be*7il¿erm3nt; the faoe was eo lik« his deed Kach?r8; sv*» frath-j saffertcg Ibni vta in it, that he turned aisk aai <nli while ha lccîrad at this woEan, -riots lips Tsra utterly bloudlssî, and strained togsthtr with c2 »Sort »r&ioi; sade her blue eyesj¡fars ruth nnmtural iri!:hes:, and there was an úv of repressed ?çitaticn aban; tho whole figure which gevo him r, shuivsring sen- sation. He looked a'., her again, with a more curious glance, and then he saw the golden hair brnshed^^uon the forehead; GKi rocorering himsej^^^ntl, kindly ''"jQPrTii; don't let mo disturb you. Tour r mistress told mo you were here, and I thought I should like to see you and thank you for your kindness to my poor wife." She mattered a few unintelligible words, which he did not catch, and he enquired her ñamo. * "Janet-Janet Burt," she answered. "Poor girl," he thought,, "she must have a cold j" for the voice was harsh and indistiaot in a marked degree ; and after a few more ques- tions, to which he could get nothing but mono- syllables in reply, be left the room. " Why, what's the matter, Janet ?" asked Helena Temple, as she entered the apartment a few moments afterwards to give Clare her tea. " Are you ill ?" " No, ma'am." Helena always insisted on being addressed by this title instead of " miss." "Nonsense !" she said; "you're looking as white as a ghost. " It's only a headache, ma'am." " A headache only ! It's a very bad one, or you wouldn't look like that. Go right ofT to bed, and I'll stop hero." " She has overtasked bor strength Bitting up with me," said Clare ; " I don't believe she over sleeps. I should feel much moro comfort- able, Janet, if you would go and take a really good night's rest. My sister will do all I re- quire ; besides, Lionel has come home, arid I shall not lie awake all night wearying for bim." Ah ! the tender love that shone from her eyes and rang in her voice as she spoke of her husband. She little thought how deep a pang she was striking to the breast of the pale girl beside her, who was longing to bo alone, and thankfully accepted her offer. "Thank you," sho answered, wearily; "if Miss Templo will bo so good I shall be glad, for my head does ache most terribly." Helena hastened to assure hor that the in- valid should want for nothing, and Janet left tbe room with her usual quiet step, and closing the door after her, sat down in the ante room. It was night now, and the soft moonlight poured io from the outside through the French window, the curtain of which were undrawn. What ed, when there were none to overlook ? and she buried her face in her hands, and wept bitter, BcaldiDg tears of misery. Presently she heard the sound of footsteps in the corridor, and she had just time to recover herself when Lord Adderleigh carne in. "Who is with your mistress?" he asked hoarsely, coming up close beside her as he spoke, in a low voice. " Miss Temple, my lord. They made me leave her. I am not very well." "Where is Mr. Temple?" " Gone down to the village " " That is well. I wish to speak to you alone. You have seen him ?" She looked at her questioner with a suspicious glance. " Have you seen him V ho repeated. " Yes.'; " Spoken with him ?" " I have." Lord Adderleigh paced the room moodily and in silence for a few moments ; then, halting op- posite to her, he resumed " Janet"-and the old man's voice quivered with uncontrollable emotion-" can you not guess what I am here to ask? I love my child-my child, who is dying. Will you not spare her, and keep this wretched secret till she is where no mortal suffering can touch her ! It won't be long-it oannot be for many days." " You-you know-" " I guess ; but I am not mistakeu. I sus- pected it before you had been many days beneath this roof. M j poor child has not wronged you wittingly ; Bhe has been kind to you ; will you noti spare her this blow ?" " Why should I ? I havo done nothing to deserve my misery." " And you will speak ?" " No. If the discovery comes, it must. I will not help it ; but, neither will I do anything to avoid it." " Nay, Janet-" Lord Adderleigh looked imploringly at her, but ber face relaxed not a whit from its stony calmness, and her dilated eyes never flinched as she looked in his. " Do you know what you would ask of mo, my lord? Do you know what my calumniatod, miserable life has been ? I come here and find a home-a home where I of right am. But you know what I would say, and yet you would ask me to go forth into the unkind world again, that you and yours may have no stain upon yonr honourable names by contact with my wretohedness." " You wrong me, my poor girl. God knows that I will be the first to restore you to your husband; but, for my child's peace, all that I ask of you, as the father of that dying girl in there, is, that she may depart from this world happily and in ignorance of this fearful secret.'' His speech touched Janet's heart, for he was sobbing now with the rare grief of old age ; and sho,laid her hand with a gentío touch upon his arm. "Hush!" she whispered. "Forgive me. I spoke in my sorrow thoughtlessly- bitterly. There must be no thonght now but for lier com- fort ; I will go. Only this very day some kind friends, who know all my sad story, sent a mes- sage to beg my return to them until something can be done in the matter. I will go to them, and leave you to account for my absence in what manner you will." ? " God bless you, for my child's sake ! It will not be for long that you will have to be silont. This is only a deceitful mending, like an Indian summer. You will not seek until she-is goDe, will you ?" "I will leave here to-night, my lord; in an hoar from this I shall be gone. I will seo neither your daughter nor my-Mr. Templo, I mean-before I go. They will not miss me; they think I have retired for the night. Good- bye, my lord. I am not hard-only stony and dumb with sorrow and despair. I will go to the friends who will shelter me ; perhaps it would be better for all if I should die upou the road." " Hush, hush ! Remember what you havo to do ; my poor child-" The carl could say no more, but broke down and wept like a very child. ' "I wish I oould weep," she murmured, " maybe I should "feel better; but I cannot, I have wept out all my tears. ~Eoough-I will go to-night. Your daughter's last moments shall not be disturbed by mo.' She held out her hand, which he took and pressed fervently, and then left her- left her alone with her orushing load of sorrow. Strange as it may appear, in the midst of her grief it was a relief that her secret was known-the lifting of a heavy load that Lord Adderleigh had recognised her. She might lift that weary golden lie from her head-might throw cap and curls on the floor, as she did now, and torture herself with no more deception, for the truth was known. Suddenly she heard a step on the gravel out sido the window, too late to resume'her disguis- ing headgear ; but she hurriedly extinguished the light. No one must see her now; she would keep her promise and go away. But, to her dismay, the steps carno nearer, till they halted at length at the window. The moonlight fell full on the pale blue dress she wore. It had been ono of Clara's, and the intruder caught sight of it and opened the win- dow. How her heart beat as she recognised the tread of Lionel ; but she bent her bead lower and sat well back in the shadow, shivering in the in- tensity of ber fear as he carno straight to where she sat-longing to spring up and throw herself into his arms-to hear him speak one loving word to her ; but she remembered her promise, and was silent. " Clare !" said Lionel, mistaking her in the moonlight for his wife, and recognising, as he thought, the dress. " My darling, what are you doing here in the cold ?" There was no answer, for she oould not trust her lips to frame one, and he went on " You should not be out hero," ho said gently. " What are they thinking of to leave you alone ? Let me help you to your room." His arm was around her waist, and sho strug- gled to release herself, but in doing so she came out into the light and stood revealed beforo bim. Lionel B tar ted book as though sonio venomous animal had been before him. " Why-what is this ?" he gasped. "Lionel !" ? There was an imploring ring in her voice as she stood there confronting him, with out- stretched arias and monrnfel eyes. " Kashel I Goa hslp 's:e I I mxsi bs rjai or dreaming. Bsohel, speak to no." But She power of specah was gone from hor, . r.ni ho was only in time to pisvont her falling at bis feet on th» floor. He laid her on the couch, not able yet to realise that it was, indeed, his loti rifo whom ho held in his arms, and knelt down by her side, ohafiDg her cold hands. Lio- nel was stupefied. How long he had been there be did not know ; but at length she opened her eyes and looked upou him. At the same mo- ment the youngman felt a band upon his shoulder, and looking up, saw Lord Adderleigh, who had entered unperceived. " My poor boy!" murmured his lordship. Lionel started to his feat. "Did.you know ?" he usked,'almost fiercely. " Yes," was the reply. ! " And never told me ?" " She promised me that she would go away to-night," said the old man, looking reproach 1 fully at Rachel ; " and now-now, great Heaven 1 what will be the end of all this ?" " I would have kept my word," she said, ' feebly rising from the couch ; " I will keep it ' yet, my lord. Let some one go with mo to the park gates, that is all I ask of you, and I will depart." fahe spoke wildly and bitterly-her excite- ment was rising beyond all bounds. " Let me go," she continued. " Help me out of this house beforo I disturb her." Lionel would have placed his arm round her to support her, she seemed so feeble ; but she freed herself from his touch. " No, no," she said j " she is not dead yet. Go to her, go to your love ;" and again she re- peated her despairing ory to be allowed to go. " Trust all to me," said his lordship, eoine between them and speaking to Lionel. "I will do all that can be done. I carno to call you to Clare, Lionel ; she is wórso." Lionel Temple saw his father-in-law had Baohelaway, feeling" as though they were in some bad dream ; but the last words had roused his attention, and' he hurried into the other room, where Clare, looking as though sho was indeed dying, lay baok upon her couoh, wbilo Helena sat besido her, pale and trembling. " Thank Heaven ! thoy know nothing," was his mental exclamation as he entored the room. But Lionel Temple was wrong-they did know all.- Helena left tho invalid for a few minutes, and on returning had found ber standing at the door of communication, with ashy face and distended eyes Going to her side io, alarm, thoy had both witnessed what had passed ia the ante-room, and, then the poor young thing sank to tho ground like a orushed flower. , Helena, did not loso her senses, bat carried her to the sofa, and summoned Lord Adderleigb, whom she sent for Lionel, but did not toll «hat they had feen, so that his lordship bad no sus- picion of the truth " Don't tell them ; don't let them know what wo have seen," pleaded Clare, who had " re- covered sufficiently to speak. " It would only make poor Lionel unhappy. It will soon be over now ; let him think I die believing I wa* his wife. He thought I was, and we have been so happy." And that was all. When he same in she smiled as sweetly upon him as though no caro beyond the thought of leaving him was at her heart, and Helena's agitation was sufficiently accounted for by the sudden relapse. " What has o barged her so quickly ?** he asked his sister, in a voice choked with ooniend- ing emotions. " She seemed so Well a short time baok." " It was but the excitement of your return. I think I fear this is the end." " Heaven spare her any suffering !" said Lionel, laying his cheek upon the thin hand1 he held, and almost wishing that be might go down into the grave with ber. She wag very quiet, and spoke to him every now and then of their child, and of the happiness Whian had been theirs. She knew that she was eoine fast. and she felt, too, that it was better so. Her mother was there; and, after a short ab- sence, her father carne in and stood by Lionel's side. " Where is she ?" whispered Lionel. " With Emily." " Heaven bless you for yonr kindness ! But Emily must come here." " She is coming." In» fow momeo ts she was there ; and all (bat ClareHovcd in life were gathered round her dying bed. The shock had been too much, and,' save for a few hours, she never rallied. For . little while she was able to speak to them all, and re- turned their tearful kisses with looks of tender love. But then oame lethargy and dulness, as her hold upon the world was loosening, till' the awful moment came in which her freed1 spirit parted from its earthly tenement. So gradual was the ohange from life to death that some of them oould not tell when the living bleep changed to the eternal one. They thought her dying when she slept, And sleeping when she died ; and it was not till long after the grave had oloaed over her, and other ties had helped to heal his aohing heart, that Lionel Temple learned from his sister the secret that loving Clare bad oarried with her to the tomb-a secret which had hastened, perhaps by weeks, her untimely fate. CHAPTER XLII. AND LAST. SAFE IN HARBOUR. It was only when the grave had olosed over all that was earthy of poor loving Clare that Lio- nel Temple woke once^more to the realities of lifo. During the few days that the pale, fair corpse lay in the house he had appeared to be as one walking in a dream, and no one had interfered with his grief. ^Lord Adderleigh had once told bim that Rachel was up at Penruddook, with Emily Temple, and ho had appeared quite content, but showed no signs of any further interest in the subject, and they were all too glad to allow further cause of trouble not to be spoken of for a few brief days ; and it was not till after the funeral that the matter was referred to by Lord Adderleigh, who, with his blunt sense, waa the first to break the silence. " Lionel, my poor boy " he said, " it is time that something was done about Rachel Can you bear to speak about it now ? Have yon, de- termined on your course ?', " Yes. My wife-for she is my wife-must come home to her rightful place," he answered, gravoly but decidedly. " Oh, my lord, you kuow how innocent I have been in this matter, -you will believe how I feel for you, even in the midst of my own grief." "I am sire you do," answerod the puer warmly. " I shall always look upon you as my owD soo, Lionel. You must think of tbat poor wronged girl, though, and heal the wounds of her life by a warm welcome." "I cannot," he said, hoarsely. " Heaven only knows how I loved her and mourned for her loss-how I rejoiced to bear that she was not the guilty thing they would have bad me believe ; but I cannot now, with Clare's place in my heart so newly empty-I cannot remain here to meet another." " What will you do ?" " I must go away for a time. Perhaps at a future period I may feel what my duty is. At present the pain of my loss ia too recent." " But, as you said yonrself, she is your wife," faid Helena, bluntly. " Her place ÍB hero-she has not forfeited that right." " Will you fake her from our Bands, Lionet f " broke in Lady Adderleigh. "Let your father bring her to yon as he gave yon our own lost darling, and then give us our little Clare ; let us have her to love and bring np to be the light of our declining years in the piare of bet who has gone from us." " We will think of that hereafter," said Lio- nel ; " but for Rachel-do you, too, advise mo to return to her ?" " Yes." " I will bring her hero," Lord Adderleigh said. " She cannot refuse when I tell her where her duty lies. What may come after* wards is for the futuro to decide." And so it waa arranged ; but another obstacle arose, for, despite his Lordship's arrangements, Rachel would not consent to return to Tregar- then-at any rate for the present; and when Lord Adderleigh pressed her on the point, she declared her intention of accepting Mr. StyTea'S offer, and going to Alnwiok. " I am Lionel Temple's wife," she said proudly, and never in thought or deed have I wronged him; but until my husband knows that my whole life since he believed mo dead has been worthy of him I will not return to his roof. I owe it to you, my lord, and to that dear saint, from whoso hands I never received aught but kindness, to go away from this plaoo until the scandal of my return to life UBB died away. When my husband shall have traced out my life aud found it pure, when he himself shall oome to me and say that my place is waiting for me to fill it, I will return : but not till then." Sho tras inflexibly determined oa this peint, and Lord Adderleigh, although bo Csed every persuasion in his power, seoretly admired ber fcr it, ond returned to Tregarthen to tell them of the non-success of his flolf-imposed mission. " And Bho is quite right," said the outspoken Helena, when she had heard the decision. " It is the vary best thing that oan be done. What is the nse of enlightening all the neighbourhood about our affairs, and dragging poor Clare's name through the mire ? Let her go to Alnwick for a time, as your wife might go to visit her friends ; then take her abroad for a few months, and when you return all will be forgotten " Lionel was too stunned by all that had happened to enter any protest against whatever might be proposed. His sorrow for the loss of Claro was nono the less acute, though he could not but acknowledge that it bad beou a merciful dispensation of Providence, and it was a relief to him to have borne proposal made by others to save him the pain of thinking. One thing Lord Adderleigh insisted on that ho should see his wife and disabuse her of the impression that he thought her unworthy ; and Lionel set off for Penruddook to pay a visit to his strangely-found wife. It was a sad meeting; they had both passed through, the furnace, and were chastened by the remem- brance ; but he took her in his arms, and gave her the mute caress she had so longed for, and with tears in her eyes she implored his forgive- ness for having como baok to Tregarthen. " I meant no misohief," she said ; " but I was so lonely-oh, so lonely, Lionel ; and I did not even know where I was going until I was well upon my road." But she still adhered to her resolution of leaving Tregarthen for a time, and Lionel oould not help but confess that it was better so j, and the end of the week after Clare's death Baw her on tho road to Northumberland, with George Lent, who had been sent by the ROT. MS. Styles, aa her attendant and devoted: «quiro. Before she departed, however, she had told the whole pitiful story of her wanderings to Emily, and given the addresses of all those who ¿ad befriended her, that her new fonni relations might, if they chose, investigate her aturte monts Lionel would not hear of it; but ano was so anxious that no suspicion should ever ariso, that Mr. Styles undertook the task, and wrote to Lionel to say how happy he was to re- ceive his wife, and offored his services in any way to assist her. The next thing was to find the child, if, in» deed, it was no delusion on llaohel's part that be still lived ; and a private deteotive was Bent out to Now York to hunt up the " Infant Pro- digy," but his efforts were doomed' to. disap- pointment ; and in ooaree of time a letter *r I rived from him, containing all the particulars of the boy's flight from Si^nor Mendoza's circus, and asking whether he was to continue the seaoh out tbero, as, in all probability, tho young acro- bat had contrived to reach Eogland. But that was all they could leam. Nu search proved of any avail, no suoh ohild oould be found, and they all began to believe at last that Raobel must havo been labouring under an hallucination So preparations went on for Lionel's going abroad, where he intended to remain for an in- definite time, and letters kept coming from every side containing warm eulogiums of his wife, till he began to long for the time when be 'should take her to himself, and leave the world ¡with its cares and scandals behind them. Lionel had agreed, after a great deal of con- sideration, to give up bis little daughtor to her {grandfather, though it coït him a sharp pang ; ¡somehow he felt as if it would be some slight atonement for the wrong he had, however unin- tentionally, done them ; and tho eve of his de ¡parture drew very near. Tregarthen was to be shut up for a time, and the house was almost dismantled ; it required doing up, and they i had arranged everything to bo done during .the absence of its master, who was sitting one evening in the little roo-o where he | had encountered Kachel The moon was !at its full height, as it had been then, and he was conversing in low tones with his sister, with . no light save the soft beams which flooded cvery I thing in the room with silvery radiance. Two j months had passed by since that night of sorrow i and they oonld speak of it now. j ! " Let me light the lamp," at last Baid Helena. I I " If anyone comes in they will think we are crazy-sitting in the dark " " Shade it then," he answeaed. " I like the moonlight best. Ha ! what is that ?" " What ?" " That shadow on the lawn, there, beyond the I tree» ; don't you see ?" V l " No " I Helens thought her brother was very fanciful, but he persisted. i " There açain. I hear footsteps too," he said. j So there were, unmistakably, tiny footsteps | as1 it seemed, pattering along the gravel with the quick step of childhood, and in another moment ' the slight form of a boy appeared at the open ' window, aDd gazed earnestly into the room. They both startod to their feet, and Helena, j despite her strong-mindedness, almost screamed, ' for the little faoe seemed to lior excited imagina- tion the very reflection of her handsome | brother's. Lionel, with a strange agitation j twitching at his heart, opened the casement, and ' the boy stepped in frankly and fearlessly, as I though quite accustomed to be an object of ' regard. " Who are you, my little man ?" asked Lionel; "and what do you want ?" " I don't quite know," the boy replied. " I used to think that I was Harry Bartlett, but they say I'm not. They call me Max in the circus, but that's all stuff, you know." j Before he had quite finished the sentence, he found himself caught to the breast of his ques- tioner, and hugged with a fondness no one had ever shown him befere. " How did you come hero ? Who brought you?" asked Lionel, with quivering eager- ness. " I oame to find my father," answered the ohild, Bimply. " Are you my father ?" " As God hears mc, I think so," replied Lionel, and then a man's step came outside, and a rough voice shouted " Here-hi-somebody ! Has anyone seen a spry young 'un round hore ?" " It's Captain Jörgen," said the boy. " He brought me from Now York." The window was opened again, and the cap- tain admitted. Ho seemed rather shy at first, but Lionel's hearty greeting reas.°ured him " I know it's all right now, sir," he Baid " The poor chap as bid mo briog that boy home, told me he'd find his father, and I think he has." Lionel rang for refreshments, and the cap- tain told his story-how he had known Herr Petronowski, and had by chance been présentât his death, how tho other man had refused to give up the boy, and how they had planned and executed the escape from the circus. " And a smart young 'un he is," remarked the captain, in eoDolusion. " Why, when wo got inside them big iron gates yonder, he just let go of my hand when he saw a light, and left i me without any chart to go by, while he stecrod i straight into barbour " ' " And into his father's arms, I hope and be | lieve, Captain Jörgen. But the papers you speak i of, where are they ?" " I don't know. I can't read much, but tho ' directions where to find 'em are in a litt e bag , tied round the boy's neck. He wouldn t let me keep 'em." The boy produced the parcel, after a little 1 hesitation, and handed it to Lionel. It was only I a. note, fastened up in seaman-like fashion in a piece of oilskin, firmly sewn, and its contonts 1 were very brief. i '* Knowing mysely to be dying, I hereby write down lhere, that the boy I have called Herr Max Herzog, is the son of Lionel Temple, Esq., of Tregarthen, Corn- wall. The proofs of the same are m a sealed packet in the hands of Messrs. Bevel and Co., Bankers, Lou- don, addressed to Mr. Temple. " (Signed) JAMES PJ:TEBS, commonly called Herr Petronowski." " And I saw him write it, and put my signature to the bottom," said Captain Jörgen, triumph- antly. " It has never been out of tho boy's posiession Bince." , Lionel insisted on the sailor's stopping at Tregarthen for the night, and the next morning i they took the earliest train for London, when Iheoalled at the bankers' himself. They gave up the paoket immediately, but Lionel deferred opening it till he arrived at home again, and then, in foil family conclave, he read the mes- sage from the dead whioh gave him back his ohild. There was the missing leaf from the register, the oertifioate of the child's birth and baptism, some old letters of Rachel's, a trinket or two, and, more than all, a piteous confession of Christine Bartlett's, written to Herr Petronow- ski during her last illness, and confessing to having stolen the boy, and imploring the manager to see him restored to his mother. What further evidence was necessary ? None -indeed, the strong likenessl was almost suffi- cient in itself, and a letter went off at once to Rachel, telling her of the discovery, and bid- ding her to como home at once. Come home! At last-after all her heart Biokness, all her despair, all the torture of those long, woary years-the voico she loved best oalled to her to como and take her place by his side. It seemed to her as though heavon were opening its gates to admit ber when she onco more drove into Tregarthen, its acknowledged mistress. What need to write more of the happy meeting between these three so cruelly separated, so strangely reunited ? It is not for pen to describo a joy like theirs, or the mother's holy exultation over her boy who " was lost and is found again." And so our story ends-and the veil whioh ' hides futurity from our eyeB closes for ever from our view the creatures of our brain,-drops o'er Tregarthen with its happy household; over the grave of loving Clare, tended by Rachel as a saored shrine ; and over the household of Lord Adderleigh, bappy in the possession of their little golden-haired darling, who has accepted her new mamma and blaek-haired brothor as astonishing but moBt delightful facts. From the far north, in pleasant Alnwick, oomes pleaiant news of old friends, of Mr. and Mrs Styles, joyful in seeing all come right at last ; from George Lent, set up in business as a loving rememberance of the Janet Burt he had so loved ; and her kind friends the Burts, en riohed and glorified in the eyes of their neigh- bours by rioh gifts and increased possessions, all from the hands of the woman they had rescued and cherished in her dire need. And her father-poor old Isaac-nay, happy we should say, though he never regained his right mind. Ho was released from the asylum, and lived a quiet,, harmless life in a houso in the village, tended carefully by a nurse, and visited daily by his daughter, happy in bia in- nocence-; and in the world to whioh he is hasten- ing all things will be revealed. For Raohel-pure contentment is her lot, and happiness, as perfect, if not so intoxioating, as daring the first flush of youth, is now the reward of Rachel's faith. [THE END.] 