ADVENT CONFERENCES. His Grace, the Archbiabop-Coadjnror, preached the second Advent Sermon on Sunday evening last, at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral, The church was this evening more densely packed than on the previous Sunday ; the number present within the doora and without, has been esfci* mated at from 6000 to 7000. The most perfect order was kept during the service. Dr. j vaughans sermon must nave lasted nearly an hour, and was quite as compact and much more forcible than the comparatively brief summary whioh we append. We should have been happy to supply our readers with a full report, if his Grace had not signified bis intention of publish' ing his four Advent sermons in full in a J pamphlet, in aid of a charitable purpose; I His urace tooK tor nis text tnese words ot at, John ; 'If any man shall add to these things, God shall add unto him the plagues written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the Book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the Book of Life.' (Apocalypse chap, xxii., 18, 19 ) And the points of the Conference were as follows : J After reminding his hearers that in these lectures he was exclusively addressing those who believed that there is a Charch of Christ somewhere on earth, and that the Bible is in- I spired, his Grace rapidly summed up the heads j of his previous discourse, and then turned to the j subject in hand; He said fcbab as there was to I be found existing in this nineteenth century, as ' a fact which had to be aocounted for, a Church j of 200 or 150 millions of people, so also is there a Book in the keeping of that Church, called the Bible, which is as truly a concrete facb amongst us as is the Church of tbe vast majority of Christians. Just as this i wide-spread organization has its history ; so hats the Sacred Book, which is so intimately connected with its fortunes ancl its career, its history also. He had already traced back the history of tbe Church, he would now trace b&ck; I thht of the Bib'e ; and his point to-night was to show that an impartial student, using his com' mon sense, is forced by weight of farts to de clare that the Catholic Church has been, and is. theoDly Guardian and Lover of the Bible really worthy - f tho name : others may have loved it, but she bears away fchfi palm from all, and stands pre-eminently first iu her guardiauahip and affection. What is this book (his Grace had a larj e sumptuously-bound Bible at bis right hand) on which all your eyes are ;fixed ? Tt is the Bible of tho OaSholiu Church, thp. Vulgate, which is held authentic, and whioh 200 millions of people hold to be the authentic Scriptures, and the inspired Word of God. You will perceive ifc is composed of two mrun divi sions : tbe Oln Testament and the New ; the former containing tmrty-nmo distinct, trenMsos the latter twenty- seven, comprising, ifc is said, 35,877 verses. How do we come ti have this twofold Book? Its various treatises have their own independent history. They range from the Exo'lus, 2000 years before our Lord, to the end of the first century of the Christian era. The Old Law was written to acquaint the Jews with the origin of the world and its early history ; it enters into the .charac ter of their civil and religious polity, contains sublime prophecies of woe and happiness, and canticles and psalms of praise an! prayer whicjh have been the language of the Catholic Church age after age, and which stond unrivalled at this day in their lyric beauty iind their inten sity of feeling. This Old Testament, completed by Esdras, was written by different authors, and by decrees ; and ifc was nob till nearly 1000 yenrs after Moses wrote his portion, that the whole came into the form in whifth we have received it, Yes ; jit was that grand aad stead fast nati'cu of Juda that preserved the Holy Book. For 2000 years the Jewish people, m the midst of the degradations of idolatry;, maintained the doctrines of Theism in all their purity. Ifc also, in thtf wide expanse of a dark world, kept and tended the burn ing flame of that one main dogma of re ligion. On Theism their polity, civil aodroMgiouB, ia founded. Their philosophy, their literature, their poetry, their Whole spirit, spring from tho root, of that cardinal belief | and even since the brcik-up of their body politic, and their dis* peraion amidfit the nations, for 2000 years mor& they have gone on maintaining the vital prin* cipie of the Divine government of the world; This Book they cherished and enshrined safely within tho Golden Ark, and the High Priest, the Rabbis, and the Scribes were witnesses of its Divinity, its guardians, and its preachers. From fcbum Iho Otuiroo received the inspired Record, and 38 they iwA been appointed its protectors until their Divine mission had been accomplished,, so now she is intrusted with the sacred charge, and has, with the jealousy of a mother^ guarded the holy book from harm, and borne ifc down through the ages of the Christian world, amidst many battlings, safe to our own day. So with the New Testament. The two Testaments, which make up the Bible, taken to* gefcher are held by us as inspired, and as authentic, 200 ? millions of Catholics holding this doctrine as infallibly trne. They hold it so in the light of ihh nineteenth century with the same fin: ' ??:.-? with which they believe the Church to have (.-.-th ,«..-t up by Christ. And how is this ? Bee an -'K.-li ig the teaching of the mother of meu. Ab the Council of th» Vatican that Book lay on the table in sight of all the Fathers, and all eyes which looked on xc recognized it to be the inspired Word of God to have God for its author, and to be sacreel and canonical, to contain trnth without false hood, and to be inspired in its integrity and ia all its parts. Now, go to the sixteenth centnry. What was received as an accomplished fact by the Vatican Council had been sealed by an anathema at Treat. The Holy Fathers there defended the Sacred Book against those who would destroy its integrity of parts, and its genuine spirit j and confirmed their defence of ifc by a solemn anathema a«aiust anyone who should deny its integrity and its inspiration. Thus the Church warded off on all sides the wickedness of men, and preserved I intact fcho precious deposit received ana guaraea for so many ages. Was this tyrannical ? Certainly not; she spoke at Trent and, protected divinely from error, she boldly proclaimed th© truth delivered from the first, and condemned those who should contradict the divine teaoh» ings of the Almighty delivered by her voice. 1 But where was the Bible before Trent? Go back to the Council of Florence, At thafe Council Rome had already spoken, and the Eoman Pontiff had delivered the game canon as we hold at this hour. Go back now another period of 1000 years. The African Council of Carthage (397), at which St. Augustine was present, gave the same list ; and Pope. St. Innocent I., who came to the Papal Chair in 402, confirms that same African canon in his j letter to Exupenus, Bishop of Toulouse. _ A I thousand years is a Jong period ; and during I that space of time this same Bible, this canon of Scripture which you see here before you, ore the authority of the Holy See, was held as the ' written Word of God ; indeed, from tbe be ginning of the fifth century until now the Church has held the Holy Word together, and I has transmitted it intact to her childrenv' But what happened before the fifth century? Let us start from the beginning. Christ was the founder of the Church. He taught and preached. He preached on the mountain, He preached fa the synagogue, He preached from the sea. Hi© Church was founded by preaching and teaching,. He did not write. He did not hint at a Book or a Bible. The plan He adopted He trans mitted to others. He sent His twelve to preach' the Gospel to every creature, and they went. They obeyed the Word of their Chief. They adopted the method He prescribed for them, Thoy did not dare to abandon it, they did not think of doing so, for any other. Heuce it isf hsjfc natural that their main energies were employed in speaking, preaching, and thus changing the face of the world. Nor is it sur- prising that so few of them wrote anything, and; those that did write wrote very little Only five out of the twelve put their thoughts in writing at all, so far as we know. Only two of them wrote a Gospel. St. Mark and St. Luke were not Apostles, they are not even counted amongst the Disciples. And when we look afe the causes which made them write at all, we find that they seem to have written; by force of circumstances, to meet special calls, to gratify certain parties, to' encourage Christians in one place, or to reprove them in another, or to supplement writings that had omissions, or for some private reasons, or for the instruction of some individual, St. Paul and St John seem to have written their Epistles as occasion drew them from them, and not on any set purpose or plan— such as that of giving a code of doctrine and of setting in writing the whole counsel of God. So with the others. Indeed, the very reverse of this. Fragmentary, familiar, epistolary, historical, the New Testament is about as unlike a formal code of discipline, morals, and faith, an exhaustive laying down of the whole duty of man and his whole belief, as can well be imagined. So with the times of its writing. St. Matthew did not write his Gospel till five years after the Ascension,. it was not in Greek till six years after, St. Mark wrote his about five years after the Ascension. St. Luke, twenty-four years ; St. John, sixty years. The earliest epistles were not written till fifteen years after, tho latest till more than thirty years ; The New Testament did not exist till one hun dred years after the Ascension, and then it was scattered here and there, and did not exist aa one book, nor were the different epistles known to different churches. Three generations of martyrs and confessors and tens of thousands of Christians had been made before the New Testa ment was read in the Church as is is now, Indeed spurious gospels and epistles were mixed up with the genuine ones. Men's minds became confused. And it was only after Pope Innocent had definitively spoken that the canon of Scrip ture can be said to have possessed a solid and unquestioned position. On his authority — that is, on the authority of the Church- it was received,, and has been held, as we now hold it, through the length and breadth of the Catholic Churoh. Thus the four accounts of our saviour's career and a certain number of letters were written by his followers, which, after hav ing been mixed with spurious writings, were at length drawn forth and declared by the Church to be inspired, and to form the written word of Christian Revelation. On the authority of the Church the early Christians then received them; on her authority we so hold them now. His Grace then went on to show how the Church, when once she had declared the canon of Scripture, nay even before, defended its body from being torn limb from limb by the private judgment of the individual, and its spirit from being blotted out. Even in St. John's day, the Cerinthians rejected all the New Testa ment except St. Matthew and the Acts. In the second century the Carpocratians cast on one side all the Old Testament, and the Church cast them out in turn. Marcion and Cerdon having read attentively the Old Law came to the conclusion that it was written by the Devil, and the Church defended the holy book : In the third century the Alogi, the Archontici, Eucharitæ, Apellitæ, and Severiani condemned most of both Testaments, but the Church went on her way and taught the tradition of the Fathers, The Alogi, Gnostics, and Manichæans had their following and rejected nearly all the Bible ; while Faustus and his disciples, using their intellectual freedom to err and blaspheme, declared the Old Testament to be filled with immorality, to be in contradiction with itself, and to be intrinsically incredible. St. Augustine and St. Ambrose, in the name of the holy Church, confronted them, and the sacred writings were not defiled. In the eighth century the Albanenses and others, whilst they rejected nearly all the New Law, declared the Old Law to have been the work of Satan. Herman Rissinch in the fifteenth century found out that all Scripture was useless, David Georgius did the same in the next, whilst the church still guarded her treasure, and handed it down untarnished amidst so many wars. Luther in the sixteenth century rejected the Epistle of St. James, the Hebrews,III. of St. John, II. of St. Peter, and the Apocalypse. But the Church of God had been inured to such action as this. It was -more than thrice-told tale. She was not moved, except to anathematize, by Luther's conduct any more than by the Libertini who declared all Scripture to be a fable, or the Ambrosians of the same century, who claimed for themselves a divine revelation, and trampled on and despised both the Old and the New Testaments. The infidelity and rationalistic criticism of the eighteenth century brought forth a brood of Bible-destroyers. And the nineteenth has been so far signalized by steady advance in the infidel direction, and by a system of antiquarian research and philosophic analysis which bids fair to sweep the Holy Books out of every hand except that of holy Mother Church, which for so many hundred years has held them with a firm and heavenly grasp. Whilst the Protesting sects are in the hands of the critics, the 200, 000,000 of the Church's children still hear her voice and believe her as implicitly as has been done from the first. And thus it is that she has, as no other, preserved the integrity of the holy book, aud prevented men from destroying the spirit of truth within it. Where is the church that has so consistently fought as she has done age after age in defence of the Word of God ? Who has risked, as it were, rest and peace and has exposed himself as she has done in her chivalrous guarding of her treasure ? Who for so many centuries has been so sleepless, so bold, so daring in her anathemas of the enemy, as the mother of men when she held the sacred written word, and would not allow a breath to soil the holy pages, or one jot or tittle of its teaching to be minimized or pared away ? His Grace then went on to show the Church's love of the Bible. How in the early ages Felix, Bishop of Tibaira, in Africa, died a martyr's death rather than give it up to the pagan consul. 'How Blessed Eupilius sacrificed his life in pre ference to allowing unhallowed eyes and evil hands to soil its sacred pages. He spoke of the way in which, in the ages of faith, the holy book was bound in gold and silver, and studded with enamels, and gems, and precious stones ; how all priests were obliged to learn the Gospels and Psalms by heart, and possess the Holy Scrip tures ; and how tens of thousands of monks and religious men spent their days in reciting the Holy Scriptures and in copying them out ; how Mabillon and Martene, in their literary journeys through Europe, are continually speaking of the copies of the Holy Word which they met at every turn, and how diligently the monastic men laboured in translating it into the common tongue of tho people so that the poorest might drink of the water of life freely He then gave many examples of what was a common case in the ages of faith : how John, Abbot of Gorze, had all the Scripture lessons by heart ; how St. Wilfrid knew off the Psalms and Gospels ; how Peter the Venerable had learnt the Old and New Testaments so as to know them in all their sense; how Anselm, Bishop of Lucca, could quote from any portion of the Holy Word in defence of Catholic doctrine ; how Wolstan, Bishop of Worcester, never journeyed without reciting the Psalms as often as he could till he arrived at his destination ; how Wulstan, Abbot of St. Hubert, could resolve any question by his ready quotation from any portion of the Bible; and how Wolphelm, Abbot of Brun willers, never forgot anything he once had read out of the sacred page He then spoke of the public Scripture lessons given in the mo nastic schools. As a sample of thousauds of others he spoke of the school of Chelle, near Paris, where St Bertilla taught the Bible to hundreds of young men ; and of the convent of St. Francis, in Paris itself, where Bible lectures were given twice a week to 220 boarders, and to about 700 others who came from various parts of the city to hear the disquisitions of the reader of the sacred page. Ho might go on for hours showing by examples innumerable how deeply grounded the mind of tho middle ages was with the Holy Soriptuns In these days this depth of knowledge is lost, and the profound and thought ful meditation of the Sacred Word has given way to talk and shallowness. But if will be asked by Protestants, How is it, if you love the Bible so much, that you do not cry out with us, ' The Bible and the Bible only is the religion of Christians?' For three reasons amongst others. First, because the Bible did not exist as a known and received inspired volume till the fifth century. How could the Bible exclusively be the rule of faith to the tens of thousands of holy men and women who had been fully instructed in the faith without it, and had never heard of it ? Secondly, because, printing not having been in vented till the fifteenth century, the vast majority of mankind could not possibly possess the Bible during more than fomrteen centuries. And he did not believe, it shocked him to imagine, that Christ should have established as a vital ele« ment of His Divine religion a principle which it was utterly impossible for the vast majority of mankind to put in action for nearly 1500 years. And thirdly, because the authorized. version of the Protestant Bible according to the highest Protestant authorities, is full of error ; so much so that a commission of learned men is now making out a new Pro testant translation. Tho so-called authorized version has been condemned over and over by Unitarians, Wesleyans, and Independents. And no wonder. Bancroft and his companions, who framed the authorized version used by the Church of England, were ignorant as children of modern criticism and philology; they did not undertake to do anything but translate. And what did they translate from ? These men closely adhered to the interpretation of the Old Testament adopted by the Masorites. What says the illustrious and learned Professor Lowth, of Oxford , of the Masora : " Their in- infallible Masora,' he says, 'boasted to have been an edifice raised by wise master builders on the rock of divine authority, proves to have been framed by unskilful hands and built on sand ; its foundation has been shaken, and it now totters to its fall.' No wonder a new translation is coming out ! What about the New Testament ? The originals have long been lost. Are we sure that Bancroft and his forty-seven helps found the right text ? There were many copies of the lost originals ; bnt did these men know which represented the genuine text? Had they the correct edition? Is it not a fact that there are tens of thousands of variations in the different MSS of the New Testament ? Is the text settled at this hour by their critics ? We know it is not. If men are to found their faith exclusively on the written Word, at least allow them to wait until the new Bible has been brought fully to light. Was the Protestant Bible of the days of Elizabeth more trustworthy ? If anything is was worse. The Geneva and Bishop's Bibles issued during her reign, were condemned by the Protestant clergy of the day of King James as sometimes 'absurd and senseless, perverting in many places the meaning of the Holy Ghost.' Whilst Broughton tells the Protestant Bishops that ' their public translation of tho Scriptures into English is such that it perverts the text of the Old Tes tament in eight hundred and forty places, and causes millions on millions to reject the New Testament, and run to eternal flames.' The very first translation had to be condemned, which was made by Tyndal in the day of Henry VIII. So corrupt was it found that it was condemned by the Legislature. It was enacted by authority of Parliament in 1543, ' That all manner of books of the Old and New Testament, of the crafty, false, and untrue translation of Tyndal, be forthwith abolished, and forbidden to be used and kept ; and also that all other Bibles, not being Tyndal's translation, in which were found any preambles or annotations, other than the quotations or summary of the chapters, should be purged of the said preambles or annotations, either by cutting them out, or blotting them in such wise that they might, not be perceived or read ; and finally, that the Bible be not read openly in any church, but by leave of the King or of tho ordinary of the place ; nor privately by any women, artificers, apprentices, journeymen, husbandmen, labourers, or by any of the servants of yeomen or under.' Prety* man moreover states that Henry, in the last year of his reign, 'issued a proclamation, pro hibiting the having and reading Wycliffe's, Tyndal's, and Coverdale's translations, and forbidding the use of any other not allowed by Parliament.' Thus the Bibles of Henry VIII , Elizabeth, and James I., are, by the testimony of the highest Protestant authorities, loaded with error. That very Book which was thrust into the hands of the people at one hour, as the very Word of God, at another was snatched from them hy Act of Parliament, and buried out of sight, Will the new Bible when it comes out; be any better than those that went before ? We know not. We Catholics do not depend upon the critics; We hold to the Blessed Book handed down to as by the Church and interpreted by her, and preserved by her from age to age un changed and incorrupt. : We receive the Bible as the Word of God becanae the infallible guide and interpreter as sures us that, it is His word. We do not hold our faith on the traditions of men. But on, the Word of God, preserved in the deposit of Christian faith. On the same authority do we believe in the integrity and inspiration of the Bible as those did who first received it —on ' the divine word of truth, on the witness of Mother Church, who existed and energized and converted tho Roman world before the Bible received its form or its name, Ta Biblia, the Bible, or the Books, from St. Chrysostom. Here his Grace quoted passages from St. Cyril. St. Irenseus, Tertullian, Origen, and St. Augustine, who said : ' I would not believe the Gospels unless the authority of the Church moved me to do so.' He then recapitulated his various' arguments, and making a, picture of all tho great and holy men, who had defended the written word, asked the people on Christmas Day to surround the Word made Flesh in spirit, and join with these chivalrous defenders of Holy Writ in praising, blessing, and glorify ing Him who was its life and meaning. 