EXECUTION S Iff PARIS. THE double execution of Moreau and Boudas has been so often announced as imminent, and the crowd has been so often disappointed, that there were fewer people present on the Place de la Eoquette on Tuesday morning than might have been expected. A detachment of one hundred and fifty men of the Garde de Paris arrived on the place at three o'clock in the morning. Soon after a cart with the framework of the guillotine and M. Koch, the executioner, accompanied by two assistants, appeared. The Gardes de Paris formed three sides of a square round the fatal instrument, the crowd being thus prevented from approaching, and the figures of M. Roch and his assistants could only be dimly seen flitting about in their ghost-like white blouses. As piece by piece they erected the guillotine, not a word was to be heard. When all things were completed, M. Roch was seen to make a careful inspection of the guillotine by the light of a hand lantern. This done, he caused the knife to fall two or three times in • order to assure himself that everything was in good working order. Then the executioner, accompanied by M. Claude, the head of the detective department, and Abhd Crozes, the chaplain of the prison, proceeded to Moreau's, the -wife-poisoner's cell, to inform the doomed man that his last hour had come. Moreau was sleeping calmly when the fatal cortege entered his cell. He received the terrible announcement very quietly, and when asked by the commissary of police whether he had any statement to make, he merely replied that he was innocent. He was left alone with the priest for five or six minutes, and then the horrible operation knowa as the " toilette" began. . This consists in cutting away the hair from the back of the prisoner's head and neck, as well as part of his upper garments, in order •that the knife may have free play. During this operation, Moreau did not utter a single ••word. Only when his legs were being • shackled he remarked—"surely this is useleisB'." At a quaTter to six the prison gates opened, »nd Moreau appeared in presence of the crowd.'Slo seomed to walk very steadily, with head erect^and with -unfaltering steps. 1 His extraordinary 'paleness was much remarked. When he reached the guillotine he looked round -at the.er6wa. and exclaimed, " MaBBsienrs, I die innocent! " These words -were distinctly heard alPSoyer the'lviace de la floquette. The- next, moment M.. jfcch * seized Moreau, pushed 'him Forward on to the plank; the knife fell, and alkwas ove/. The moment Moreau's head and body: .had allennnto the basket of sawdust prepared or^them, M. Roches assistants set to work to Wjash'the guillotine of -the blood with which •Itfwate Stained =in order that the -next sufferir- -I ^J-J,,-might not see ,an execution had already XtSSf-r^taken -place. -Whilst Moreau was being- led -;to death, Boudas was being prepared for execution. When his cell was entered by M. Claude and the .executioners he was found wide awake, talking eagerly with the warders, as he had been awoke by the noise in Moreau's cell, and was in a state of the titmoBt anxiety, still hoping apparently to be reprieved. On being told that he was to die, he replied, " here I am; I am ready! " He then protested his innocence, and declared that his execution was a crime against justice. He walked quietly, though hardly BO steadily as Moreau, but without support, to the guillotine. There he kissed the accompanying priest, and handed himself over to the executioner without uttering a word. Whether M. Koch's nerves had been affected by the previous execution is not known, but he certainly was by no means adroit in placing the unfortunate Boudas on the fatal plank, as he had to re-adjust him during a space of several seconds, which seemed horribly long to the bystanders. At last the knife fell, and the second criminal's head dropped into the basket. There was only ten minutes' interval between the two executions. Boudas had robbed and murdered one Faatb, a broker of the Mae Audran, Paris. 