THE DRAMA. THE theatrical world has been profitably busy during the month, and the public have little reason to complain of the entertainments submitted to them. Bright, cheerful, viva- cious, little Miss Melville has taken herself and her dresses, curls aud coquetries, to Melbourne, which, in return, has yielded up the great Ristori and her capital troupe. The Sydney play-goers are, of course, the gainers. One cannot live always upon sugar plums, and opera bouffe is rather unsubstantial fare at the best. It is to no such banquet of trifles that Madame Ristori bids her guests. She transports them to an ideal region, where the long dead heroines of history take bodily shape, and the shadowy forms of the antique world become breathing realities, instinct with life and passion. Alone among artistes, she possesses the power of interpreting tne characters of those women who have altered the destinies of nations, whose names influence the thought of whole races of men. Judith and Phedra, Renee and Marie Antoinette, Norma, Lucrezia, and Medea, Elizabeth, Marie Stuart, Sister Theresa, and Pia de Tolomei, cover between them the entire ground of human passion, and exhibit every type of intellectual grandeur. It was a wise decision to begin with " . . "JUDITH," for, albeit that sacred subjects are not popular upon the En- glish stage, yet the extraordinary tale of heroism told in the Apocrypha affords Madame Ristori a glorious opportunity, which she turns to royal advantage. The plot is so exactly that of the Biblical history that no word of it need be said. Some little introduction there is, in the shape of an imported inci- dent in the first act : -where Judith is said to have discovered , a well, and somebody else says that the well was poisoned. The persons then upon the stage accuse her of compassing ' their murder, and the audience, apparently, would view the : crime with resignation. Du,, reste, it is all plain-sailing Judith charms Holofernes, cuts off his head when he is tipsy, takes it home in her apron, and her friends say "Bravo!" But this simple story gives the grand actress I such scope for her power that the auditors seem to await ', breathlessly for the time to applaud. The grandest scene [ of all, perhaps, is that wherein Holofernes gives Judith . the heavy sword he wears, which she cannot move. He reels, drunken and horrible, to bed : she kneels, prays, and j invokes heaven itself to her aid. A thunder peal answers j her. She rises like a pythoness, sways the heavy blade . about her head, defies, with a look, a jealous favourite [ who tries to stab her, *9tad, with one glorious burst of I energy, accomplishes her terrible task, and brings the house down again and again. In this, as in all her plays, she has some admirable support. Majeroni plays Holofernes very much better than he plays anything else, which is saying a great deal, because he is always 'endurable, and generally excellent. His drunken scene' is wonderful, his raging blas- phemy and furious animal love almost frightfully real, and the whole performance a very fine one. " PHEDRA" may almost be called a companion picture to "Judith," . although it is its absolute opposite. For two hundred years Racine's version of the gloomy story of guilty passion has held possession of the French stage, and as the traditions of the Theatre Français are carefully. handed down and rigidly obeyed, it is now represented exactly as it was on the first night ; in fact, Madame Ristori may be said to have learnt the character, practically, from Racine himself, inas- much as he instructed the original representative, Mdlle. Charnpmeslé, from whom it came, successively, to Mdlle. des Oillets, Mdlle. Adrienne Lecouvreur, Mdlle. Dumesnil, Mdlle. Clairon, Mdlle. Duchesnois, and Mdlle. Georges, sometime the favourite of the great Napoleon, who was Madame Ristori's model. The story is well known : Phedra, wife to Theseus, who is reported dead, falls in love with her stepson, Hyppolitas, but he does not reciprocate her guilty passion. While still she tries to win him to her will, and writhes in all the pangs of unrequited love, The- seus suddenly returns. Madame Theseus does, in this dilemma, what Madame Potiphar did, i. e. denounces rthe tempted as the tempter. She is believed, but, finally over I taken by remorse, confesses her crime and dies. In this, as I in all her, plays, her genius alone enables the audience to support an abominable plot, not very attractively set forth by the poet. Her company gain daily in favour. Glech is a capital actor of such parts, as ; Lou is XVI. and Burleigh - Aleotti is the handsomest Jeune Premier upon the stage, and a graceful intelligent artiste to boot; while Viscardi Piazza, Mozzidollii and the rest, are each and all painstaking and clever.,;-; The ladies are capital artistes, and little Stella Ristori is the best child actress of the day. The public owe a debt pf gratitude to Mr. John Bennett, for bringing the : troupe back again, and it is to be hoped that his enterprise will be adequately rewarded. It is not easy to understand the reason why any sane human,being of British speech should dub himself the " FAKIR OF OOLU !" Dirt, discomfort, rags, and ill-behaviour, are the usual con- comitants of the title, which is, be it said, seldom accom- panied by any territorial appendage. The present "Fakir," Anglice, Doctor Alfred Sylvester, is a comely English gentle- man, of forty years old, or so, black-haired and full-bearded, bright-eyed, and, ruddy, genial in manner, with a fairly musical voice, a tendency to rotundity, a plentiful supply of verbal quips and cranks, and a suspicion of gout, which, he jokes at as persistently as Falstaff did at his waist-band. The first part of the worthy Doctor's entertainment is com- posed of those tricks which have been made more or less familiar by Frikell, Hermann, Heller, Jacobs, and other gentlemen of that ilk. He produces inexhaustible quan- tities of ribbon, a child's wardrobe, a number of workboxes, and a whole shopfull of toys from a hat, singing a jolly song and jesting cheerfully all the time. He grows a bouquet in a sugar bowl, takes eight or nine eggs from his attendant's mouth, cuts handkerchiefs to pieces, and gives them back whole, and does all his spiriting so dexterously that the plea- sure in being cheated is at least as great as the profit he derives from the cheat. In all this business he is capitally helped by his son, a clever boy of seventeen, whose sharp- ness and arch ways assist the general effect immensely. Presently the somewhat formidable command to "BRING IN THE LION," , is given, and the doctor, after issuing his mandate, does what Mrs. Wilfer, in the "Mutual Friend," used to do when she had ordered an invisible servant to open the door, i. e., obeys his direction himself. The lion is a somewhat amiable-looking animal, given to expressing his opinions in an epigrammatic manner, and a rather, juvenile voice. He is perched on the top of a box, which, when turned round to the audience, is apparently hollow and empty, but for a few lighted candles, intended to warm up the animal. The trick, which is a very attractive one, is a modification of the once famous "Protean Illusion," and the lion, having said some very amusing things, is wheeled out amid general applause. The next scene shews an alchemist's laboratory, with the ghastly head of a newly decapitated body swinging on a square plank, suspended from the ceiling by four ropes at the corners. At the one side is the doctor, by this time encased in mediaeval toggery, at the other a masked execu- tioner, with a tremendous, but perfectly clean sword, which has just done the business of justice upon the still writhing corpse that lies on the floor. Under the doctor's invocation the head confesses its past crimes, and atones for them by adjuring the Sydney workmen to abstain from strikes, in a speech altered from one which John Oxenford wrote for the illusion some nine years back, when in a different form, under the title of the " Delphian Oracle," it took all Lon- don by storm. THE ENTRANCED LADY. The third part of the entertainment shews Miss Daisy Syl- vester, becomingly habited, comfortably mesmerised, and care- fully balanced upon a pole which is placed under her right elbow. She is quickly invested with many different costumes, placed in numerous striking attitudes, and represents a variety of mythological and historical personages, with great effect. Coloured calcium lights are used in this scene with extreme skill, and, at the close, the doctor coolly removes the pole, and leaves the lady seemingly floating in the air. This was originally a part of Robert Houdin's performance, but Doctor Sylvester has vastly improved it, and made that which was only surprising, really beautiful. The exhibition concludes with a display of an exquisite fountain, upon which coloured lights are directed with marvellous results. Doctor Sylvester and his talented son and daughter carry everything through with great verve, and the audience are highly delighted. The " Fakir " is no stranger to the amusement-seekers of any part of the world. He is the final patentee and improver of that once famous optical illusion known as "The Ghost," which, first conceived by Robinson, nearly thirty years ago, was brought into prac- tical form by Henry Dircks and J. H. Pepper, at the Poly- ' technic, in 1862, adapted to the stage by the last-named gentleman at the Britannia Theatre, Hoxton, in a piece called " Faith, Hope, and Charity," produced in April, 1863, and, on the 20th of June, in the same year, transferred, in the highest form of perfection, to the Adelphi Theatre where Toole, and Mrs. Mellon; R. Phillips, Billington, and Henrietta Sims, made an admirable cast for Dickens' Christ- mas story of the " Haunted 'Man." No more attractive entertainment of the kind can be seen than this capital mixture of conjuring, chemistry, and mechanical dexterity. MISS MELVILLE'S DEPARTURE. Lyster's opera season ended with a blaze of pecuniary triumph on Friday, October 1st, when Mr. Armes Beaumont, who retains a portion of his voice and the whole of hia popu- larity, took a farewell benefit, preparatory to his long hand dangerous journey to Melbourne, and his protracted absence of two months clear, at the least. The preceding perform- ances had given the public an opportunity to judge what (Côntinued on page 4t.) ; : , the new prima donna could do with English, opera, and how . lar the troupe were competent to support her. The result was only partially successful. The public gave liberal patronage, and lavished applause, but the rendering of the " Bohemian Girl " was imperfect, and that of " Maritana " barely tolerable. Miss Emelie Melville has not much voice, and what little she has is very uneven. The lower notes are rather harsh, the middle ones weak, and the upper register shrill, consequently her sostenuto passages are by no means delightful ; but she has considerable executive fluency, and when in full possession of her mean3, which is not always the case, she can hide many of her vocal deficiencies with «labórate ornamentation. Her acting-arch, sprightly, and brisk, is well suited to such characters as La Perichole, fairly good in the gipsy scenes of the "Bohemian Girl," but far from excellent in "Maritana," a part which should have suited her best. She shines most in detached songs, by. reason of her exceedingly clear enunciation, bat her want of power renders her almost useless in concerted music. In dil those scenes where the prima donna's voice should, by rights, rise clear, full, and true, above the combination of orchestra and chorus, she is inaudible, and, but for her coquettish minauderies, might as well be off the stage. Vocally, the best thing she did during the season, was Bishop's "Lo, hear the Gentle Lark," a show song of such beauty that a poorer rendering would have gained an encore. Her benefit was patronised by the Governor, and otherwise well attended, nor were the usual accompaniments of bou- quets and other presents wanting. Altogether she is, by rea- son of her youth, good looks, good taste, and good spirits, a great acquisition to the opera bouffe stage, and if she has been a little too much beputfed and belauded, no great harm has been done. Miss Thompson has fully sustained herself in public favour, and Mr. Henry Bracy, by his conscientious work, pleasant manner, and artistic care, has deservedly be- come a very great favourite. Mr. Farley's Count Arnheim was reasonably good,, his Don Jose only tolerable, and the rest of the troupe it is kindest to pass over in silence. Mr. Xyster himself is to blame for the egregious blunder of playing "Barbe Bleu " in Turkish costume, and he had his ^punishment in the quasi failure of a very attractive piece. BABY BENSON. The Queen's Theatre remained shut for a couple of nights after the sudden termination of Madame Janauschek's appear- ances, and was re-opened on Monday, September 20th, with "Griffith Gaunt," which was succeeded by "Lost in Lon- don," "Kathleen Mavourneen," "The Tale of Two Cities," and other plays, each put upon the stage with much care, and supported by the general company in a creditable manner. The star of the month has been a remarkably clever little girl, eight years of age, who is known as " Baby Benson." The chüd is gifted with a sweet little voice, a great deal of genuine comic power, and a wonderful knack for dancing, She sings such songs as "Champagne Charlie," "The Beautiful Blonde," the " Girl with the Golden Hair," and others of that kind, with inimitable spirit, and creates quite a sensation whenever she appears. The miniature vocalist dresses in a gentleman's evening suit for a portion of her performance, and has some tiny, but ultra-fashionable cos- tumes for the rest. She dances, speaks, and sings, with an evident enjoyment, which communicates itself at once to the listeners, and, being withal extremely natural, she is, of course, proportionately attractive. The company is also strengthened by the engagement of Miss Jennie Benson, a graceful clog dancer, whose deft movements and rapid steps invariably win her a double recall. Both these artistes are famous in America, and have recently arrived from San Francisco, where they have been coining their talents into very hard cash. Mr. Holloway has done some good work during the month, and so has Miss Amy Stone, but the latter is terribly out of place as " Therese Defarge." It is almost a pity that the company did not hold a meeting and decide upon the fashion in which they would pronounce the few French words that occur in the drama. This would have saved the public from such atrocities as leaves for Livres Monseinor Monseigneur and other trials of that sort. CONCERTS OF THE MONTH. " Hope springs eternal in the human breast," and, probably, by its immortal existence, accounts for the pertinacity of local concert-givers, who, notwithstanding the perseverance with which the public remain away from their entertainments, persist in putting forward their melancholy programmes. No sooner has the daily paper announced that " Signor So-and- so's Grand Evening Concert attracted a select but not nume- rous audience," which, being interpreted, means thirteen free tickets and a door-keeper ; than Herr somebody sticks his proclamation over the dead walls, and tries how far on the road to bankruptcy he can go in a single night. It is painfully evident that the Sydney public are, for thè most part, profoundly indifferent to the tootlings and warblings of the resident musicians, and the fault is not entirely that of the people who stay at home, but, to a great extent, that of their would-be charmers. If concert-givers would do as the theatrical entre peneurs do, that is, offer their patrons novelty, as well as excellence, they would get on much better. Every week a large amount of new music is produced, both in London and in Paris. How much of it do the public ser- vants bring within the public hearing ? practically, none. Signor A. must, of course, play his famous fantasia, which èverybody knows by heart ; Miss B cannot think of singing the last new ballad, but must try conclusions with Di Mur ska, in a slow piece, from " Linda " or " Lucia," and so on, ad nauseam ; the result is public apathy, professional dis- appointment, and a whine about " want of appreciation." The oddly-named "Moonlight Concerts" turned out an utter failure, and the clever quartette of artistes concerned can only console themselves with the conviction that their ' audiences were "fit, though few." It is to be hoped, for the credit of the profession and the comfort of the public, that, in any future attempt of this kind, the arrangements will be carefully considered, and popular taste fairly studied before a.commencement is made. Surely,, tl ie old rhyme " The drama's laws the drama's patrons give . And they who live to please muât pleasts to live," applies equally well to the musical world. The German Club gave a capital concert at Pfahlert's Hotel, on Wednesday, the 6th instant. The programme was exceedingly well selected, and the part-singing of the Club very creditable. Signor Giorza played two movements from Beethoven's " Appasionato " sonata, and a fantasia of his own upon " Un Balio in Maschèra. " He also joined Herr Döhler in the andante and finale of Beethoven's glorious " Kreutzer " sonata. Signor Giorza does not, however, appear to advantaga an interpreter of Beethoven. In fact, despite his marvellous manual dexterity,'his playing was very unsatisfactory. He got through the andante pas- sages fairly, giving his hearers the impression that he knew that they had nome meaning, though he did not feel certain as to what tut meaning was. But even this moderate degree of excel'] euee was lost sight of when the pace was quickened ; then tue worthy signor rattled and thumped away with immense vigour, and no understanding at all; consequently, One of the best of all finales became "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." Herr Dohler's violin playing, on the contrary," was a veritable treat. He gave a tarahtelle of Schubert's, an elegie by Spohr, and an andante movement of his own composition. The latter is graceful and pretty, though not particularly original, but it is as an executant, rather than as a composer, that Herr Döhler excels. He produces a fair, even, mellow tone, his fingering is perfect, and he plays with great expression. The audience were justly enthusiastic, but it was hardly kind of him to respond to a hearty encore by playing ** Yankee Doodle," in close-juxtaposition to Schubert's composition. Herren Lind and Müller played à duet upon the zither, a Sty rían instru- ment, little known «to the general public. It was quaint and pretty, was capitally managed, and loudly encored. Miss Wangeñheim took a benefit at ' the Victoria Theatre on Thursday, 7th instant ; Mr. and Mrs. Belton appeared in a farce ; Mrs. Cordner Miles, Signori Pompei and Giorza, assisted the beneficiare in a concert. The house was thinly attended. On Saturday, 9th, Signor Giorza gave a similar entertain- ment, with the same artistes, plus Mr. Gus Wangenheim, who gave "Lightning Sketches," i. e. portraits of Madame Ristori and her troupe. GREEN ROOM GOSSIP. Madame Ristori has been refused a license for the Town Hall, at Melbourne, and much indignation has been expressed by her admirers and the press; It is not likely thatTthe authorities will persevere in this decision, but if they do a short season at the Theatre Boyal is among the possibilities of the immediate future. Previous to the Melbourne visit the company will appear at Ballarat, and, finally, after a short season at Adelaide, due to the enterprise of Mr. Samuel Lazar, they will depart for Europein December, via Suez. Upon arrival there this perfect little troupe will be dispersed, :very few of the members being under any lenghthened engagement. The Londoners will, probably be favoured, . next year, with a sight of M adame Ristori herself, as arrange- ments are being made, with a view to her appearance, in conjunction with Rossi and Salvini, both of them, in earlier days, members of her company. The English stage will be enriched with the addition of Majeroni arid Aleotti, who are each hard at work on that most difficult, of tasks to an Italian- the acquisition of our language, in which they have already made considerable progress, lt is more than likely that Majeroni's debut will be made in Australia as Othello, while Aleotti will probably make his first essay before an American audience, in the character pf Romeo. Their courage would of itself deserve credit, even if the state of the stage did not make their success very desirable. But, in truth, there is plenty of room for them and more of their kind. And the new amorso will be an acquisition for there are not, at this present time, more than three good- looking young fellows, who know .how to make theatrical love properly, upon the united stages of England, America, and Australia. The mother country boasts, of one, iu the person of Henry J. Montague, who, consequently, has the field to himself ; America has two, James O'Neill and George Clarke. For the rest, the stage lover may be divided into two types : the bucolic, usually young, . and rather shy - and the rheumatic, invariably elderly, and generally over-bold. The representatives of the first class look at their own attractions, and not at those of the heroine-repeat their lines Bomehow, and get off any- how. Those of the second leer at the lady like satyrs, anet not infrequently compel her to hold them off in a fashion that destroys the truth of the scene. Each of the aspi- rants is handsome, intelligent, and distinguished by the exact qualities which will enable them to recruit our scanty ranks where they are at present thinnest. The new theatre is getting rapidly into shape, and pro- mises to be commodious and comfortable. The seats, on the American plan, will prove a great convenience to the audi- ence. Far too little attention has hitherto been paid to the auditorium, which is at present, in each of the existing the- atres, unworthy of the city. Mr. James Allison goes to America by the Mikado, to engage all the available talent he can find to supply the necessary attractions behind the footlights. Over two thousand portraits of the beautiful Lingards have been sold during the last three weeks. Ilma di Murska, who has made both fame and fortune in Melbourne and Adelaide, will arrive here early next month, and give the first of a series of sight concerts, at the Exhibi- tion Building, on Saturday, November 6th. Mr. George Giddens, a very clever comedian, who is engaged to support " Little Nell," the Californian actress, will arrive on the Cyphrenes. Mr. Lazar is negotiating with the young lady, who will probably make her appearance at the Queen's Theatre. Blondin will shortly return to this colony, where, it is said, he intends to settle down for the remainder of his life. The Queen's Theatre will be converted into a " Variety " house, after the termination of Messrs. Lazar's lesseeship. A good company is to be brought out from Europe, and the scheme bids fair to be successful. 