TOWN MISSION TEA tfeET'lNG- A public tea meeting was helcl yesterday ev>nl£., in the Templars' Hall, in aid.: of Iks Town Mission. M r Ward was caterer for the tea, to which about 200 persons oat down. Aninterval having olapcedtegire time to clear the tables, the business of the evening , commenced. Mr James, M.L.A., who waa in the : chair, -in tlte absence of Mr Long, gave an ad- , dress. speaking of the favorable .manner in which! thp prere had comment©! on the: mission. A. hymn :; "was then -song, after wiiicb the Rev. W. H, H of ken, : addressed the meeting, and touched principally on - the good "which bail -been accomplished by -the ; mission, and by the je viral services which were i held every Sunday evening in the /Theatre Royal, and on the lactthat it was necessary for every good I Christian to help the nfeedy, not only fay spiritual aid, < but uteo by attending to -thezr bodily wants. At the condurioai Mr-fiuramerseales gave an account of fe« state of the finances, snowing a balrooe to the credit of £16 odd Miss OannSl snng very nicely Please- give ma a penny." The He v. Mr Cope land followed;>with an address on the "baptism. of the Holy Ghost, 'as explained by Dr Mahro. The rev. gentle oian-al so mentioned the number of Gokpel : Leaflet Vrhfch had been got up by Mr Snmmerscales. amounting in all to about 130,000. A hymn, entitled 44 Beautiful Gross" was then sung, after .which Mr James introdnoed Mr Thomas Pybns to the meeting. Mr Fybufi, who, by the wavt com&k; discoursed of some length on the uohappy and de graded state o? man, until be "has experienced the wholesome truths of Christianity. Mr- Pybus. also 'sfoYe. strongly' against' Sunday recreatioU'as ; a most' ungodly prooeeding. At the conclusion of his address, which was -of -some length; Mr Pybu6 resumed his -seat, ard 'a vote' of 'thanks' was Tthan znovd by Mr T>iiiikey\o the Rev. Mr Wolffendra and Mr Thomas Pybns, and canted unanimously, to which MrPybufi'repIied? "Mr EToyd then moved a vote of thanks, whfra was seconded by Mr Cimsey, to the choir, and Miss OerneH. A vote'Cf thanks to "the chair, and aconclmfirghymB, wound Op tlifixneetiug. 