flie SlaitlaiMl Mercury. TUESDAY, MARCH 23, LS75. THE PARLIAMENT AND THE GOVERNMENT THE Parliament win h re as cmbles to day in Sydney occupies a position in the estimation of the people far superior to that of many of our Parliaments sinct. the inauguration of respon sible Government It has already signalised itself by having done something-we ennnot wiJl define what-in the wav, ot resisting an aPe el uno institutional ínteiterence with tbe prescriptive liberties of the r copie-it h<ib, s mthow or other, established it»eli as the guar dian and the vindicator of lights said to have been menacLd, and it thereforu exists in a halo of glory arising from the fame of its doughty deeds. Â halo indeed , a glittering, uooertam radiance, but a radiance nevertheless It has the indefinite reputation ot ability for good which attaches to an untried body, for it con- tains a strong infusion of members who bave not yet made their mark upon the history of the colony, and for whom the future may have in store numberlecs triumphs It in eludes, as we moy fairly assume, a repre eentition of the intellect of the country , and it brings to the performince of the work which it bas bteu elected to do, a Bkill, ¿n experience, and a training which seems to us to fit it admnably for the discharge of that function It is therefore the contle of more attention than our Parliaments have usually been, and boars some resemblance to that more celebrated National Assembly in France which Carlyle desonßes as a car- borne Carroccio or banner round which the people might rally, the cynosure of all eyes, the hope of a nation verging on anarchy, and yet willing to be governed by law3 and modes Our Parliament has not indeed the Titan's work of making a Constitution before it, but it has very h»avy work, neverthele°3 It may not sit inactive, typical of the concentrated power of the people, which may be held back for a time-it ia called to labour We want legislation " the long result of time" has brought about modihca tiona in outward conditions, and we must have laws adapted to the changed environment The land laws, which established certain principles in the administration of our public e¡>tate, are no longer just, as thoy were at their initiation Our electoral repre entation is defective, and the rights ot the people arc vitiated because reform is delayed A radical amend went is called for m our system of municipal government, lu older that we may continue to have rounici al government at all Vast tracts of oountry which are unproductive, because of their inaccessibility and their distance from profitable markets, require to be connected with the centres of population, and become themselves the homes of an industrious community Hence, we want judicions plans of internal commuuioa tion ; an 1 as a means of development which is dependent upon the execution of such plans, an etcouragement of immigration which shall not be spasmodio, intermittent, and subject to the narrow influences of a class, but constant, and regarded as part of the policy of the country Oar educational system, excellent as it is, does not do aUthat is inquired of it, and its extonded usefulness ia dependent mainly on the liberality of Parliament, and on the expression of opinion that Parliament may givo in connection with certain powers which it cannot control without direct legislation, bnt may influence materially, 6pea%ing as the mouthpiece of the whole community. These are some of the matters with which the new Parliament is called upon to deal ; and, while addressing itself to this work, it rray well be left to forgot those things that aro bebind, and to reaab forth to those things that are before it. " The times have been that, when the brains were out, the man would die, and there an end;" and we think, considering the expenditure of brain power already, aod the demise of the exciting cause, the time has come for the Gardiner question ift.be relegated, to that obscurity whence it ia a pity it ever emerged. Shall the unquiet ghost never belaid? Must the shade of Gardiner-Hanquo always stalk across the floor of the Legisla- tive ohamber, spoiling " the pleasure of the time ; " and, it may hap, pushing those who would hold them, from their stools ? " Best, rest, perturbed spirit ?" Party squabbles now can only have one motive at bottom-the desire of those who sit at the Speaker's left hand to regain the glad domain of the Treasury benches, whence they were ejected by the united influence of fuss and faction. The true good of the country will consist in the united activities of both sides of the House being directed to remove the accumulation of work which haß been heaped up. We can have small sympathy with any efforts which may be made to interrapt public business in the in- terests of any individual, whoever he may be. For it cannot be denied, whatever may be the opinion held as to the proceedings anterior to its accession to office, or as to the composition of the Government, that the Robertson Adminis- tration bas sucoeeded to power constitutionally Although, as we bave held, the vote of the country was so multiplex, that it was open to ÜB, for the sake of argument, to deny that it had pronounced definitely on the Constitutional question which among others was submitted for decision ; yet, when taken in connection with the vote of the House adverse to the late Administration, it was not competent for us to deny the value of both votes ; and not to admit that, according to the theory, the voice of the country had, by its representatives in Parlia- ment, condemned the late Government. It is nothing to the purpose to say that the opinion of the country was vague, and that the consti- tutional issue itself was chameleon-like-taking colour from every various light which every speaker attempted to throw upon it The vote of the House being against the Parkes Adminis- tration, and accepted by Mr. Parkes as against it, defined what was before indefinite, and formed, concentrated, and crystallised what was chaotic, although the vote was partially a viola- tion of the constitution. Therefore, the position of the Ministry cannot be assailed in connection with its accession to power : that position ia impregnable. It may be open to attack in regard of its composition ; and indeed, in this view, we are constrained to admit that many exceptions may be properly taken to it. But these exceptions, if ducussed, would involve the reopening of the whole tiresome question whioh had better be laid, and we are not anxious to sea the work of the country delayed for any such course. We can imagine a good case for the present Opposition against the present Government, but many considerations point to the inutility of raising an abstract issue of any kind, and we can see no other issue at present which would justify an attack. It was an abstract question which the House already decided, and decided wrongly, as we think ; but -iè-weuld repeat the act, not because it will not act rightly, but beoause in an assembly where men are influenced by passion as much as by reason, so many circumstances combine to pre- vent a conclusion in accordance with the strictest rules of eqoity. If the movement hostile to the Government takes the shape of an attack because of the presence of Mr. Forster and Mr. Dalley, who unquestionably influenced Gardiners release, is it at all likely that the House will accept and act upon the refined reasoning that would condemn the Government on that score ? The only result wonld bo a profitless waste of time. No prinoiple is at stake such as would warrant any proceeding likely to canse delay-the people's rights have been vindicated, we are told ; the privileges of Parliament have been asserted ; and a great constitutional danger has been fended off. The doing of these desirable things has cost the life of an Administration, it is true, bat it has not exposed ns to any new dangers; tbe country sees the change with equanimity; and therefore we may allow the Government to take advantage of the oppor- tunity now open for doing usoful work. The action of its most prominent members delayed useful work while they were in Opposition, and they may retrieve their position if now their conduct is marked with more judgment and more patriotism. It is in the Parliament that they must unfold their policy, which is to con- sist, if we accept the dictum of the Colonial Treasurer, " in administrative acts as well as legislative designs or even performances." We have to take it all upon trust, for the acts of administration at present visible are not so striking as to induoe us to raise the bands of thankfulness that a Ministry of aetion has at last como to the ' helm. Nothing has yet been dono by the leader of the Government or by his followers, to cause much wonderment-not even the journoy of the Postmaster-General to Melbourne. But, never- theless, with the support of Parliament, and exposed to the vigilant criticism of an intelligent, oompaot Opposition, from which faction has been banished-will that political millennium -ever come for New South Wales 7-»e see no great reason to doubt that the Government may succeed in accomplishing much valuable work. It contains men well acquainted with the routine of office, and clearly sensible of wbai the country requires ; it has been educated tb the situation by the history of the lust few years, and what it purpoEes to do has been indicated by the wants of the country, not dis oivercd by the aoumen and keenness of vision of any oue set of men. And, further, it pro- fesses to be guided and warned by the follies and vices alleged to have been exhibited by its predecessor. We can leave the event lo time, :iud meanwhile the Parliament and the Govern- ment can rest in the spirit of Goethe's liées : The future hides in it Glidness and sorrow ; We press still thorow, Naught that abides in it Daunting us,-onward. 