AUTHORSHIP AS A PROFESSION. Bernard Barton, the Quaker poet, once thought of abandoning his employment in a bank, in order to follow the perilous profession of an author. He wrote to his friend Charles Lamb, requesting his advice in the matter. "Rather than do so," replied the wise and gentle Elia, "throw yourself, my dear sir, from the steep Tarpeian rock slap-dash headlong upon iron spikes ! You know not-may you never know-the miseries of subsisting by authorship." Carlyle also has described the literary calling as "an ansrchic, nomadic, and entirely aerial and ill-conditioned pro fession." Young and ardent aspirants for literary fame-and there are such in every community would do well to ponder the foregoing advice and opinion of two experienced hands. They wet not indeed "how hard it is to clime the steep where Fame's proud temple shines afar." They see not the bleaching bones of the numbers who have attempted, yet failed in the ascent. Even those who have arrived at the summit of Parnassus have not always found the bread-fruit tree flourishing there. It is delectable as a holiday mount, but not desirable (except to those independent of material or metallic necessities) as a place of continuous residence. Contemplating the lives of numbers even of the world's greatest literary notabilities, misery and mis fortune-oven hunger and destitution- would seem to have been their lot and guerdon. Goldsmith, in his "Citizen of the World," gives a long list of illustrious though impecunious poets and authors. "Homer," as he points out, "was the first poet and beggar of note among the ancients; he was blind, and sang his ballads through the streets." Now, "Seven cities claim the birth of Homer dead, Through which the living Homer begged his bread." "Plautui, the comic poet" (sensible fellow as he was), "bhlped to turn a mill to gain a livelihood, and was a poet for his diversion." Tersnce was a slave, and Boethiua died in gaol. Among the Italians, Paulo Borghese, almost as good a poet as Tasso, knew four teen different trades, and yet died because he could get employment in none. Tasso himself was often obliged to borrow a crown from some friend to pay for a month's subsistence; he has left as a pretty sonnet, addressed to his cat, in which he begs the light of her eyes to write by, being too poor to afford himself a candle. But Bentivoglio-poor Bentivoglio!-chiefly demands our pity. His comedies will last with the Italian language. He dissipated a noble fortune in anots of charity and benevolence; but falling into misery in his old age, was refused to be admitted into an hospital which he himself had erected ! In Spain, it is said the great Cervantees died of hunger, and it is certain that Camoens ended his days in an hospital. In France, Vaugelas, one of the politest writers and honestest men of his time (surnamed the 'Owl,' through his inability, on account of creditors, to ven ture out save at night), directed that his body-after he had done with it-should be sold to the surgeons, in order to discharge his debts. In England, too, the names of Spenser and Otway, Butler and Dryden, are every day mentioned as a national reproach: some of them lived in a state of precarious indigence, and others literally died of hunger." Despite, however, these several self-recorded in stances of "mighty poets in their misery dead," "George Primrose " (our own perennial Oliver), sally. ing up to London, threw himself straightway into the arms of the very syren who had captivated them "thinking it," as he declared, "his glory to pursue a track which Dryden and Otway trod before him." Following up the list of indigent though illustrious "Men- of- Letters Heroes" (as Carlyle calls them), willing, through love of their art, to suffer the "grand adversity" of poets, we must not omit to mention one whom, in his memorable address to the students of the University of Edinburgh, the Chelsea sage himself dwells upon with unbounded delight. "While trans lating his 'Tbullus,' he had to gather peashells on the streets, and boil them for his dinner! That wan his endowment. But," added our hero-worshipper (with that 'smile of his, so familiar to the children of Chelsea),."he was recognised soon to have done a great thing! His name was Heyne?' Come we now, with instinctive love add admira. tion, to another of Carlyle's heroes-" starting up," as he tells us, " among the artificial pasteboard figures and productions, in the guise of a Robert Burns! Like a little" well in the rocky desert plaoes-like a sudden splendour of Heaven in the artificial Vaun. hall I" What, for this marvellous and magnaetic man -this " sudden splendour of Heaven"-at the oentennial anniversary of whose birth millions of hearts, "the world o'er, throbbed and vibrated in unison :"-What, in his lifetime, (after he had poured upon the world's ravished and eternally enriched ear his immortal " Cotter's Saturday Night"), did the "illustrious of his native land" do for him P "Ghost of Memoonas, hide thy blushing face ! They snatched him from the sickle and the plough To gauge ale-firkins!" "The man who breathes the soul of national dignity into the minds of the people," said one of the speakers at that world-wide centenary of the birth of Burns, "is the greatest of public patriots." And for such a patriot-of whom Ralph Waldo Emerson said-" No man existed who could look down on him; they that looked into his eyes saw they might look down the sky as easily:" who, striving to permeate and inspire the souls of all with his own native dignity, declared " The rank is but the guinea stamp, The man's the gowd for a' that:" And "An honest man, though o'er sae poor, Is king o' men for a' that:" for such a patriot-not of a place, but of a planet they could do nothing better than elect to be a gauger of beoer -and all for the astounding salary of £50 a year; out of which (as he tells us) he had to find his own horse, and ride two hundred miles a week "Searching auld wives' barrels, Och hon the day ! That clarty barm should stain my laurels ; But-what'll ye say P These movin' things ca'd eiees and coan : Wad move the very hearts o' stanes !" Of course they wouldl--especially his heart, which was moved by the dislodgment (by his ploughshare) of the nest of a field-mouse-by the accidental crush ing of one of his beloved " wee, modest, crimson tipped flowers"--a daisy.. Even weans (" wee snes'), in the estimation of this exquieitely-organised though' awfully-insulted .ployghman, were not (as impionsly ight) " encumbrances." He would, endure any degradation, for his'" bonnie Jean" and them. We see him-after his weary week's 'ride of two hundred miles-sitting amongst them, " throned" (as dear Douglas Jerrold has said) " in the majesty of the af fections!" One of his "encumbrances"-Colonel Burns-at the centennial anniverssry (at Dumfries) of his illustrious sire's birthday, told the pe. ale, with a touching pathos, that his father once, in a fit of despondency, said to his mother :-" Jean, one hundred years hence they'll think mair o' me than they do now !" And so forsooth they did! At' the hundredth anniversary of his birth-celebrated simul. taneously throughout the civilized world-all the kings of the earth put together ruled not such a realm as he! He weeas, in very trnth, on that day, as h i for ever, the world- crowned King of Heurte ! Thinking of this monarch amongst men-thin (amidst the clash of creeds) authlentio hierophant of our race-and his £50 a year, we can write notbing more just now. The royal "lump" is in our throat. But this we will sany:--If you, dear reader, possess but a tithe of his supreme and aeoumonical sympathy, but a single spark of tlheo "colestial fire" with which that ploughboy bosom was pregnant, turn author, and, heedless of pay or prosfit, write, by all means. Be sure that, in after years, your "eneumbranees" (if you are happy enough to have any) will, as Bournes's did, witness the truth of the nseortion-" Apotheosis is the world's gratitude." 8\. G;. BEE. We take the following report from a country news paper of Victoria:-"A farmer named John Bond, living at Violet Town, committed suicide on Novem ber 16, by shooting himself in the stomach with a pistol. The only reason disclosed at the inquest was (says the North-Eastern Ensign) that he suffered a great deal from shortness of breath in consequence of chronic bronchitis. On the morning in question he got up early, but appeared neither low-spirited nor peculiar. Some hours afterwards his wife heard a noise in the kitchen, and on going in to see what was the cause, found her husband dead on the floor with a pistol beside him. He was sixty-oight years of age. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased com mitted suicide by drosning himself while in a state of temporary insanity. Quite recently a short-sighted husband saw a large bouquet of flowers on a chair, and, wishing to preserve them from fading, placed them in a basin of water. Wlhen his wife saw the "bouquet" half-an-hour after wards, she gave one piercing scream, and fainted on the spot. Her defective- visioned husband had mise taken her new summer bonnet, with its abundance of flowers for a freshly-culled bouquet. 