ROBERT AINSLE1GH. (.'HA J'THR XLI, (fx)STiNuni),) ax uxkxphcto) aij.v. nv THK AUTHOR OP l.whj Awl!?;)'* S'Ctvt," "Aurora Flmjtldr., f[' After this 1 lay down upon Mrs. Grimshaw's sofa, and suffered my lather In cover lue with his riding-coat. I lay for sumo minutes gating upon liiiu dreamily us he wit in a capacious armchair by t in' bod, and then sloop stole upon my wearied brain—oh! so sweetly. This time my dreams wore of the vaguestdreams which I have never been able recall, but 1 know that the living and the dead were with mo—now Lady Barbara, now Dora, anon Margery, and that many shifting scenes passed before me. After these confused visions there followed, I think, a slumber that was divamirtS'j, for, on awakening sullenly at s mie light sound in the room, I seemed to c.uerge .ram a world of empty darkness. The live- ha< ournt low, a glimmer of the cold daylight was creeping in through the aperture left by an ill closed curtain, one of the candles had gjne on md the other shed a sickly uncertain light by which I could at iirst scarce distinguish obj jet in the chamber. I looked across to the b d,— my father was still seated at his p jst, but was sleeping sound. The bed was empty started to my feet with a faint cry of alarm and, turning round, beheld Anthony Grim shaw on his knees before the old Flemish com mode, which I have described in these pages— a weird shrunken figure, with naked legs and feci—a figure which Mr. Hogarth might hav painted. The lighted caudle stood on the top of the comuiode. and the old man was busily groping among the numerous small drawers ami cup boards and curious hiding-places with which this ancient peice of cabinet-work was super ilmndantly supplied. My first impulse was to carry him back to bed, but presently wonder and curiosity trans fixed me, and I stood motionless watching him and listening to liim. He was muttering to himself as be groped ami fumbled, " l/ady Barbara's will—yes, yes that was the document. * Into your hand my faithful Anthony—into your hands, would mther trust you than those around me. I commit this paper into your hands, and when the time conies you will produce it. e But tJic time is not come. .She is not dead yet—no, no, thank (lod—she is not dead !" Thcm' sentences he mumbled in snafdies, opening and shutting the loose old drawers ami :upboards with iwble tremulous hands while ite talked. But presently his manner changed. H nve a little shrill cry and exclaimed, with lasped hands,— " i would sooner seli you my life gentlemen, than that paper!" Then came a senile laugh— " And at last 1 cheated them I" His head was now pushed into the rent re cnpboaixi, which was larger than the rest, heard liiiu pull out an inner drawer, which flew back a moment afterwards with a clicking sound, and he emerged with a folded paper packet in his hand. It was a packet secured bv three large seals. He crept back to his bed on all-fours with the packet held between his teeth. I saw tlrnt he was unconscious of my presence, and feared to si aide him by any offer of assistance. He i£ivo a feeble groan when he got into bed, but iccmed altogether stronger than 1 could have supposed possible, after so long a confinement The packet he disposed of uuder his pillow, and in a few minutes had eunk into a quiet slumber, exhausted no doubt by this supreme fl'ort. My heart beat fast and furiously. Could that packet indeed contain the missing will 1 Hia old man's word-t irmbed as much. An I t how should his disorderc I train d ,.ti iguiflh jne document from another ? T/iat wh jIi he iad been groping for might be the will, but che paper lie had found might be any wiim- Jartant parcel, laid aside, and forgutten. Was t likely that the real thing could h ive laid .liddon in that Flemish commode nil this time undiscovered by the lynx eyes of Mrs. Griiushaw ? Yet how complete a story had been told, to my mind, by those incoherent sentences. A trust convoyed, and accepted. An attack upon an old servant's fidelity. Resistance to the very death : and the villains, baflled at last by that dogged honesty, departing with their errand unfulfilled. These thoughts flashed through my mind with lightning swiftness. I did not stand npou my punctilio as to the manner of satisfying my doubts, but knelt down by the bed, aud softly drew away the packet from beneath the sleeper's pillow. With a trembling hand 1 tore open the seals, but I swear that it was a just revenge, and not avarice, that made me so eager. " To mv dear iii*( cousin, once removed, lioberl Ainsleigh, only son of my fousin Roderick Ainsleigh, who died at Soho, in the year 173], J bequeath the whole ni iiiy w esliif^, including Hauk'ville House and lark,, and all lands, tenements, condition of my marriage settlement, which gives n liio interest in the same to my husband, Sir Marcus Lestrange," and so on, aud so on, through all the customary legal jargon went the will which made mo master of Itauteville. My father awoke while 1 was still poring over this paper. I handed it to liim without a word. He read it slowly through, from the first line to the last. " Thou wert right, Robert, i» thy surmises," he exclaimed, when he had finished his careful perusal, " and Hverard Lestrange lias been squandering your wealth, and lording it as master of your manor ever since his father's leath. Poor old Tony must have hidden the will, intending to produce it at the proper moment ; and those scoundrels who, no doubt, made their attack before the faithful creature had received tidings of his mistress's death. ,'uled in their mission. 'Twas most likely their .'iiry at being haiHed that made them use him so ill. Well, Bjb, the will is a good will, 1 ake it, late as it comes to hand, and thou art master of Hauteville." Twere idle to say that I did not feel a certain pride and rapture in the idea thus presented to my mind. I had affirmed no more than the truth when I said that I cared little for fortune ; but I did languish for revenge upon the wretch whose malice had blighted mv life. And yet how could I touch Evcrard Lestrange without injury to Evcrard Lestrauge's wife? In thought and feeling, in ail that makes marriage sweet and sac-red, those two might be as far apart as Jura and the Himalayas ; but in fortune, reputation, and in the sight of the world, they were united. To brand him as a scoundrel, would be to bring disgrace upon her. A few minutes' thought showed me tliat this was avoidable. I liad only to produce Lady- Barbara's will, discovered by an accident, aud to prove it a genuine document. With what difficulties this might be surrounded 1 knew not, since Anthony <!rimshaw's hopeless condition deprived me of my most important witness. There was, however, the ovideuee of Mrs. Win bolt to prove tliat a will had been xecuted, and within three weeks of Lady Barbara's death. Xo doubt Sir Everard Lestmuge would contest the matter to its furthest limits. For tluit E was fully prepared. I put the will in my pocket, aud slipped a folded tract, from the collection of that species of literature on Mis. Griinsliaw's table, into the wrapper, which I repealed, and then placed it beneath the old man's pillow. He might awake at any moment and hunt for the packet, but was scarcely likely to detect this innoft?nt imposture. 'Twas now broad daylight. I drew back the curtains and extinguished the candle, which had burned to the socket. The old mail awoke presently, and I gave liim his breakfast, but he made no effort to find the paekot under his pillow, nor did he make the faintest allusion to his searches in the Flemish commode. J fancied that the whole business liad faded from the dim tablets of his memory. I expected Mrs. Griinsliaw's reappearance every minute, but the morning advanced and she did not show herself. Mrs. Hester, however, returned to her post in the sick-ckainber, and watched us closely. Before this attentive damsel we took the liberty to converse in the French language. " This is too important a matter to be treated lightly, Bob," said my father, " and I cannot rest till you have put it in the right hands. There is pjor old Tony yonder, who I fear caunot last much longer, yet whose evidence, could he but give it, would be most vital to your cause. I atu as ignorant of English law a< a babe, and I apprehend you are ficarcely wiser." " Indeed, no, sir. I studied English jurisprudence closely for six months, but I doubt that seven years of Indian experience have gone a longish way towards blotting out ail I learnt in that time." " Good ! Then we may consider ourselves a pair of innocents—twin children in ignorance—and the sooner you submit your case to somebody who does know something, thtj better. There is your friend Mr. Swinfen, for instance—you have confidence in him, have you not i" " Perfect confidence." -••"'•- " Very welL Then, if you take mv advice, you will go straight to Loridon, oail upon Mr .Swinfen, give lu m a clear accouut of what lias happened down here, a»d, if possible, bring: lum back with you, so that he may see that poor old mans condition with his own eves : and hear—as ho can from the servants in this house the exact history of the midnight attapk. lhore is no knowing l u n y w a n ^ ot that kind might discover' on' the%pot A hvver lia-i an ac/juir^l ftptilUdt' for ferreting out "uglv facts. I will keep, the ground for vou wliile you nre away, ftnd yon need not fear the result." I fullvapprorintod the win and though it went agM»ff | \ poor old man even Tor a day or two, mv place was amplvsupp] towards whom his dini eves always turne whose, presence seemed an unspeakable solact to him. .Mv father, whose disposition was as ogjej bv fits and starts iui it w;^ Aj^esiylMiWfc was anxious that 1 should start on this errand at once, but the coaches did not accomodate this impatience. There was one which left Warborough at daybreak, aud another at seven o'clock in the evening, and for this latter I determined to wait, though my father urged me to travel past. \- f'l « Nay, sir," 1 said, " to do that WSi invite mow; attention at Warborough than I care for, aud nouid bespeak the urgency of my errand. know not what creatures of his own .Sir Everard Lestrango may hav<v iu this neighborhood, ready to send Jiiiu news of iuy movements." I waited therefore till the evening, and it will be seen in the upshot that my prudence chose the wrong course, as prudence is apt to do, upon oceisiou. I left the will in my father's keeping, and departed at five o'clock in the afternoon, without having bcen fayored with Mrs. Grimshaw's presence all >Ja^'. <8hc was ill, the maid told us; and I do indeed believe that Poderick Ainsleigh's return liad beeu an overwhelming shock to her senses. L had given not ee of iuy departure to no one, and, when tie time came, went quietly downstairs, and aluiig the darksome passages that led to the little side-door by which 1 had entered. On iuy way here I made a discovery which caused me considerable surprise and some suspicion. 1 had occasion to pass the half-open door of an apartment which, although projierly the still-room, was now used as a kitchen. I looked in, thinking to say a word or two to Mrs. Betty before leaving, when to my extreme surprise I beheld the pedlar, who had been my fellow-traveller from London, seated l>y the fire smoking, with a tankard on the table at his elbow. The, room was somewhat dark even at noonday, the narrow windows being overshadowed by a high wall which stood a few vawls from them, and at this hour it liad scarce any light save that of the fire ; but I could hard'lv mistake iuy gentleman, whose physiognomy—or rather whose nose and beard, for those' only was 1 permitted to see, had made so strong an impression upon my mind. There the man sat, with the glow of the low fire crimsoning his figure—a greasy-looking velvet cap worn ow upon his brow, his head sunk upon his breast iu a meditative, or it may lie simply J laev, attitude. • 1 ' I did no move than peep in at the door and • all Mrs. Betty to me. She was baking bread in a little room beyond the kitchen, and came to me with hor liands floury. Who is that man ?" J asked, " A pedlar that sold ray mistress a gown the other day. " What brings him here—in this house V " My mistress's charity," answered Bettv wdh a gnu. " She is not, commonlv so compassionate, but this feUow is one of'your pious customers an out-and-out Methody—and I suppose tliat came oyer her. He hail beeu ill and was footsore, ami she gave, him leave to rat here a day. or two. He sleeps i„ one of Uio empty gaiwts over the stables, and comes lfl here for Ins victuals." J ink Sn Everard Lestrange would scarce care. J have this house turned into a phalanstery Oi the accommodation of such gentry. How I|mg lias the fellow been here ? * Betty began to count upon her fingeis- Wcdnesday—Thursday—why he can,e you did, Ml Koi?e.;t af , la r Has loth to fake her his message, and exited a finescolding, but she was more civil 1 2 U r ' and f S a r n a b a - uts h s name, Barnabas—was a worthy man, £ ° ut a » wjfch hiSr 1 tjtolSktS l r 8he Tr dehim 8° i»tol£?S mi t0 L to h 01 . and I suppose he told hj force rare pitiful story, for bf and-W sh6 calf mt and told me I AHo pro ^e h u ^tlfl Wgrng for a day or two, 01 he go J*#y hqd conducted me some wa?S S i h2° ^ rlcing this communication^ Much she imparted to mo-i-evon at'that dW k* from the object of it i u a ^ mm^mmik I ran upstairs again, told my father, still in n'^i ? vhat ^Imppcnpd Mow, and counsoiled , ]iiia to Tie on his guard against any ,,. , ™ w Hia yuum ugiUUBV ftUJ • , trick's? wicks tlllfi tins jgentleuiaw rrm.+l,,,I.t might attempt _«.< ? • in : iny ab- t" • sense; and then, having lost too much time already, went down again, examined the door, and-fiudiug that it wis looked as elosely as the door of a gaol, was fain to call Mrs. Betty once nwre from her broad- making and request her to let mo out, ustHuis !! v J i t,( l at my departure, "lou're not going away for good and all .Master llobeit, sure to goodness ]" she exclaimed. " Xo, Betty, 1 am going to Warborough on business," I answered coolly ; " but as I may not be able to get back to-iiight, you had best not sit up for me." I think she would have remonstrated had I given her lime, but I was m haste to bo gone, and hurried off before she could question mo further. 1 chapter XLrr. MKD MYSKL1' IN GREAT PJiUIL. 1 had intended to look in upon my fostermother, to acquaint her with the progress of a events at the great house, and to charge myself l with any special message which she might wish conveyed to Margery, but it was now too lute for this visit, which would have taken me out of the directest way to the town. I walked off. therefore, towards a path that crossed the j)ark and wood beyond, and then emerged upon a common—a vast waste of undulating turf dotted with furze bushes, with iwacherous patches of swamp in the hollows, arid hero and tin-re a reedy pool, and here, and ;here a cluster of scraggy firs lifting their black ragged heads to the sky. Boyond this common lav the high-Dad be tweon Loudon and Warborough, aud I ihought that if L was a few minutes late for the startiu,' of the coach, I should have a chance of meeting it here. It was a gloomy evening, and a gloomy walk. The sun had not shown himself a!! day, and the gray light was thickening even when 1 started. A blue-white vapou: crept slowly up from the grass, until it spreat itself over all the landscaj >e like a sheet of stil water and this vapour, ghostlike and iiupalj»?ble a-> it was, struck a deadly dampness au< chill to my very bones. 1 wrapped tlie cape of my riding-coat round me, and hurried on at a- rapid a pace as I could command, leartilv wishing myself snuglv ensconced in the norue. of a postchaise, rather than a solitary pedes trian in a damp wood. 1 was ver\ glad when I found myself clear of those lioyrin thiuc walks beneath my ancestral elnn aud beeches, and on the edge of the common By the dim evening light, the prosped here appeared much wider tlrnu I would liavefeared to behold. "lVas long since 1 had cossed Chippering Common, as the place was tilled and I began to apprehend that I migk go s a a p l astray in that vast track of hollows am hillocks, aud thus miss the coach—as I must inevitably miss it—if 1 lost any time oi my way to the road. I looked in vain foi any friendly liglit in the distance to guidr my doubtful steps. Had I been in the in^rior of Bengal, the scene would scarce have seined ore lonely. Not a living creature was vjible I heard a sheep-bell faintly tiidding, a long away off, aud that oue solitary sound wa HU that broke the silence of the dull-gray nipt. There was nothing for me to do but mie « dash for the highroad, crossing the eommh at right angles, and taking care not to he delved by the undulating character of the ground I went along at a rattling pace, keepiif as well as 1 could to the upper levels, and al'avs looking ahead for the lights of the town. 1 had walked upwards of a mile, wha. I did at last perceive a feeble twinkle, withe distance—one solitary rav—which I tonjf to proceed froui the turnpike, tiiat stood lout half a mile Out of Warborough, on the Liidon lioad. j " I can scarce, go wrong to make foil the turnpike," 1 said to myself, and so steere<jmy course in that direction. j I felt with some vexation that I was ban- ning to flng. I had walked at a good pacejip s to this time, but my strength was woll-iirh Exhausted, and I was painfully reminded of . my affectionate Margery's tender waniiigs. . ^ 'Twas not so long since 1 had risen,, io ,mest ghost of my former self, from a bed. Aud this was the first time 1. had ittempted to wall: any distance iinee my 'Recovery. I began to feel that 1 \ had done'a foolish thing in being thus unmindful of jjy conditio^, aiid to rogi'et sorely thkt 1 Ijad iM taken my Cither's advice aud ijired a p<ifi> cliaise to convey me straight to London. !j •. Those long days and nights or coutiuui^e watching in the sick cliamber lull not bail without: their effect upon me. I ielt a kindUf muddled eensatidn in. my brain, idiich m me at tithes lMiriod to fliug i lyself dov mr6» : omo ofthe^iirzy hilloeks am rest, otfo^ hazawl, ,/jfy. eyeballs ached iW wi,nt of s and my mind kept going over the same things with senseless iteration. I was altogether in a very sorry condition, when I turned round upon the summit of a little knoll and saw that I had been followed. t say I saw I had been followed; for, from the moment when first I caught sight of two dusky figures bearing down upon me through the gloom, no doubt was in my mind tlmt they had been dogging my heels all the way across the common, and that they meant evil by me. My liand instmetively flew to my pistols^ and I stood still at the top of the hillock with my fiiee towards these two figures, prepared for the worst. They stopped short on seeing me front theiu thus on my elevated ground. They had doubtless calculated upon dropping on me in a convenient hollow. I beard them whisper together, saw them pause to look around, and then, .seeing me still planted motionless and waiting for them, they came towards me. As they advanced I recognized the shorter of the two. It wa^ the bearded pedlar. The other was a bulky scoundrel, in a smock-frock ; a villain that look ed s if he had received his education in the vilage stocks, " What are you dogging me for, fellows ?" I exclaimed, cocking my pistol. 'Twas tlie rustic ruffian who answered me. " I suppose we've as good a right to cross the common as you, sir," lie said. Tlie pedlar liad retreated to a respectably distance, with a hop, skip, aud jump, evidently startled by the click of the hammer, when I cocked my pistol ; but the other ruffian tame, boldly on. "What doyou want with|me f I asked ; "if you come another step forward I shali tire."' " Will you V roared the. rasc.il, who was armed with a bludgeon, which he now swung aloft in his right bind, while with his left he grasped me by the cravat. Before his hand touched me I pulled the trigger, aiming at his lu-ad : but the pistol snapped, and in the next moment it was wrenched from my grasp aud flung away into space. Weak its 1 was. 1 did not surrender without a struggle. 1 wrestled furiously with my brutal foe, but in vain. The bludgeon defended upon my uncovered head— mv hat having fallen otf in the beginning of the scuffle —and i sank senseless to the ground : but not before I had made a discovery in that uncertain light which all my efforts had failed to accomplish in broad day. The pedlar sprang forward to give his accomplice a hand when be saw uic Hell-nigh overpowered, aud grasped me around the neck from behind just as the rnttian raised his bludgeon in t'vont. [ tamed uddenly, distracted by this unexpected attack nd brought my face close against the countennce of this scoundrel, who in that moment I erceived to be no Icps a person than Mr. ilade the rascal attorney of Little Britain. When 1 recovered consciousness, I found ' i s myself lying on a heap of mouldy-smelling straw, in darkness, but above me I could just descry the glimmer of starlight through the chinks in the roof tliat covered me. 'Twas by this 1 first perceived that I was lying under some rude kind of shelter. For some time I lay quiescent, in a semistupor, with a vague sense of aching bones aud a battered skull- 'Twas cold, and by some brute instinct f snuggled closer in the tumbled straw which composed my couch. Little by little, a more perfect consciousness returned with all its pains and cares. Where was 11 I felt too weak to rise aud <oek the satisfaction of my curiosity on this point, 1 think I must have lain thus for more than an hour, helpless, and wondering what had befallen me. But at last, with an effort, 1 dragged myself up and begaa to explore my quarters. 1 found myself in so.Ui small square shed, which might lie eit her sta'ile or hovel, and after infinite trouble lis;: >v -red a door, fastened by a rough woo lea late!), which 1 lifted, and emerged upon tbecunmni. The mists had vanished, and the stars were shining faiutly, paled by a lurid light in the east—the light of swift-coining day. I must have lain for near a dozen hours in that dismal hut, which on inspection I- found to be the deserted abode of some turf- burner. I felt for my watch. It was gone, and my pockets had been rifled of all their contents, except a latch-key, and a few loose papers of no significance, 1 was peuniless. For some minutes I stood still to deliberate what I had best do—go back to Hautevilie in this wretched light, and send a messenger with a letter foi Mr. Swhifai, entreating him to come to me ? To do that would involve delay, aud Swinfen migth hardly credit so wonderful a story us I liad to tejj,;u53luss I was at liand to explain the details. Again, whom could 1 trust to perform such an errind? To wait for the post would bo too longh business. No ; after a full consideration ctf the circumstances, I made up my mind to go on. Weak and penniless though T was, I woald find some means of finishing my journey before nightfall. fhe attack that had beeji made upon me was doubtless part of some deep-laid scheme, hatched by Lveiurd Lcstrango; and 1 marvelled considerably tliat his ruiJiau hireling should have hesitated to make an end of me when he had me in his grip. " Twould have accorded bettor with his masters pleasure had he made a clean finish ot tile business while lie was about it," 1 said to myself. "Indeed, 'tis likely enough he did leave me for dead on yonder heap of straw, l ww happily not very far from the highroad, I could see Warborougb Church Sk- cpl J on my left hand, in the clear moruiti" li-dit On my right lay, as I believed, the turn pile, aud towards this I directed my steps. I had a missive chased gold ring on mv little finger, which had escaped attention of my assailant-' and which I fancied might serve to bribe soim irienmy wagg oner to give me a lift as far a Loud m. I doubt nit that I lo iked a ghastlv fromas I waited by the rwlsidc for such an opportunity, A w.ig^n la.k,,, lVith truces of hav came rubbling along u.^r a little time. 1 halted the uuu, and asked him how far he was going. " i'o JShoreditch, in London," he answered, staring at me with all his might. On this 1 told him my condition, and asked him whether he would . arry me to town, aud set me down by the Temple, when I could pay him ui coin, if he ,-ared t,, wait while 1 fetched some money from my ehambers. I;,it it lie doubted my honor, 1 would give him the ring from my finger as aguamntee of payment, whenever lie could contrive }„ UjtuII m„" 1 he rustic grinned and scratched hi* head nieditativelv. " The nng may bra-s, f or i know aliuut it he said. " I've seen a muit of sm h at .Newberry fair, fur sixpence a-peice. But you look like a trentlemaii. and I'll trust vou as tar as the valey of a ride goes, if vou can ravel a-top that tht-ve hav. ill c.utv v„a to London before nightfall, and se| Vn„' down 1)V Tempi,;: and I'll wait *«,„„, von to-morrow morning for any trifle vou mav please tu give me." .spoken like a generous-hearted fellow ! said I. Be sure yon shall not lose 1 )V voui confidence." ' ' " But J .say. maister, whv doau'tthee travel by thee eoach ! She's (juicker tlum mv wa< gon. 1 dat'esay she is. friend. But I'd rather ask a favor of a simple-hearted follow like vou than of a London-bred coachman." I mounted the waggon, aud flung mvself on the top of the closely- packed trusses, in which ulevated position i fell asleep with the cape j of my coat thrown over my face, and slumbered more sweetly than J had done for mouths. Twas mid-day when we got to .Slough, where ny friend the waggoner insisted upon mv haring Ins dinner of cold boiled pork, bread, aud small beer—a hospitality which 1 accepted as frankly as it was proffered. We jogged on at a slow but steady pace all the afternoon anil evening, and it was about eight o'clock when I beheld the lights of London looming through a thick fog. I was set down hard by the lemple towards nine, after an uneventful journey, heartily pleased with mvself for haviiv pushed on so obstinately. 1 went straight to my chambers, intending to wash myself and change mv clothes before waiting upon Mr. Swinfen, wJiom I should have to seek at his West-end residence ; but I had scarce put my key in the door—the ruffian who robbed me had been obliging enough to leave me this convenience—when a man emerged from the obscurity of the landing and kid Ins hand upon my arm, while asecoud stranger appe.ired, as if by magic, on the other sidc°of me. " Mr. Robert Ainslouh," said the first, as I ^ired i:i a ni-rnnt ft mi one tithe other. " I irriM-; r n i; n • i.-Vw in fc'ie King's nam ;." " Anv.st in • t" I exclai ne I indiguaiiMv ; " whv, I i.ve n . man a ^lillin-v " Wh > ta 1 ' *1 about owing, M:. lunoceuce i" cried the. constable ; [ arrest you fertile wilful murder of Sir Everard Lestrauge, Baronet of 8t. James's .Square," I staggered m if 1 had been shot. " The murder of Everard Lestrauge ."* I echoed. " Is Sir Everard Lestrange dead V " Come, I say, sir," said the constable sharply, m a professional tone, " it won't do to sham innocence with us; and anything von sav now can be used agen you by-and-bv. You'd "better slip the bracelets on him, Jim*" The fellow on my left side produced a pair of handcuffs, which they insisted upon putting on me ; nor wns I in any condition to binder them, T submitted meekly enough, and onlv entreated the cpnstablc to 'tell me what hail happened to Sii Eveiard Lestrauge. " He was foully murdered at oue o'clock tinsi morning, outside Mrs. Hunter's lodgings in Surry Street. ° "But why, in the name of Heaven, fix so a win! a crime upon me. ?" " For more reasons than one, Mr. Aiusleigh, as you 11 find out when your hear the evidence agen you. Hrst and foremost, you m-os JdT notorious enemy, and was known to liavo fought a duel with him, „nd been worsted. Secondly, you was his wife's old sweetheart; that s reason ntunber two, and a good 'un ri.ir.liy, you was sweetheart of the 3a.lv he Wits following when became to his end ; that'* reason number three, and a still bettor one. Lastly, and finally, he was stabbed thmu-h the heart by a dagger belonging to vou; thats reason number four, ami a clincher" lhe dagger- Jehangeer's dagger-which I had left upon Margery's Work-table " He is dead, then ?" I aaid, like a creature in a dream. " Deader than door-nails," answered tho constable coolly; "cutoff hi tho flower of bis youth, like a green bav-trce. But- he'd lived an uncommonly racketty life, and had bad his pennorth out of this world ; that's a comforting reflection ?" After some persuasion, and my assurance that 1 would make no attempt to cscaii these two gentlemen consented to remove n; handcuffs while I went to mv chambers! collect such clothes and necessaries as I likely to require in prison, whither I was; be carried immediately. While I WVs - fc tt the.se things together, the constable, wllo • of a - ommunicative disposition, informed] that there h;td been a coroner's in.picst the body of Sir Everard Lestmnge that ing; and that Mrs. Jlunter being traeted slate, aud tun iii to giy t! her her woman had been intorrogated instej had unwillingly admitte.l that thedagg*, which file victim was slain belong^ She had noticed it hanging over the piece at my chambers, when she hail there in attendance on mv mistress. S| admilled also that 1 was her mistress's: and on bad'terms with Sir Everard, wh lor soine time past persecuted Mil with his addresses. Another importaJ uoss against nie had been Major Blagrovl told the stoiy uf my assault upon S?r Eij with a hoivewhi}!. and the dud which foi il. ."'>»» which the jury, with sea minute's consideration, pronounced veilliet Wilful Murder against L'obert leigh," concluded my informant. " But what was there to connect im the crime, except the dagger which 1 Mrs. Hunter's lodgings last Sunday nigl asked. " Xo one saw inc niiir the spot , time uf the murder. It would, indei been impossible for any oue to do so, spent last night in Berkshire, and h.-uf straight from that county when you sei now." " " Diil you come by coach—or po'sl ptired the constable. " By neither. I tiuvelled on the I hay-waggon." A curious way for a gentleman to said the constable, dubiously. Thereby hangs a tale," I replied, wj an explain when I am called upon so." The constable, coughed the cough 1 picious or ironical, wherewith such gentr prone to express their disbelief in any statement. f " "if"* wll enough in it's wavj sai.l, "if it will hold M'ater. But a'| <ilibi means Tyburn. And travelling a-fj 11 iay-waggou is a devilish weak u!ib, you think you could find the wagoner push?" "I suppose so," I answered care enough, for I had as yet scarce realize horror of my own position. I could only of tliat one stupendous fact—Ev< Lestrange was d-id! " I should kuov f;we well enough." "But.you don't know his name, or) name of his master, eh ?" asked the stable. " No." " Xor the inn whore he puts up ?" " He was going on to Shoreditch—tliat'i 1 know." " Why, then, vonr nilhi isn't worth a pij oi snutl. exclaimed the constable, helm bunsL'li hvm a battore.1 metal box as heepoi " 1 here S no knowing what a good lawyers do for you, but your hay-cart won't save v Heck, Air. Ainsleigh. Come, sir, 'tis time „ were oil. ft puts the governor out of huml or oiks to b« coming in wanting beds at oul iandish hours. You'd best bmig all the l-eao money you < nn lay your iiands upon." 1 bad luckily upwards of fifty pounds lyiuij my de.sk, m notes and gold, and this H transferred to my pocket, after giving the constable and his UK«erliug a guinea a-pieae as a reward for (Mr civil treaatment of me, •Sweetened h/ this foe, they were L enough to avenge wy cloak so as to conceS my iiaudcu/s, lest even iu ^the dark courts through wAich we had to pass on our way to a haekyey-coach, those decoi-atioi^ iaufUt attivicUlie eye of the passor-by; ' out ijAo .Meet-street, wo were foitu; to Jilid an empty coach liard by Temple liar, and into this 1 was jwliteiy lianded by my ealujittttigtig, who took their seats, one beside iftc, and the other opposite, with his hack to the horses. ' Once, as we mle along, it Hashed upon sue that thus business might be only some new plot or Sir Kvemrd's—the story of his death a villainous invention; and those two men his creatures, who wows about to convey tuc into nohie novel kind of bondage on board sliij poiltaps, to servo iuy King aud my countrv before the mast. I was not long in doubt, for we were swn at the gate of the prison, where I was admitted after certain formalities to which I paid no attention. I need not dwell upon the discomforts of tliat night,, which were Joss thnn I should have supposed inevitable in such a htdeotts situation as mine. I found the gaol filled with a motley company—men and women youth and age, wretches innocent yf ever crime except povdrty and its twin-brother, debt herding with foj^ons, coiner*, and assassins. Gambling, drinking, and quarrelling were, I found, the common diversions of the placc! and whilp the poor hail to endure all manner of liardships, and stomach eveiy specics of contumely, the rich, as in a tavern, could call for whatever they desired, and found a ready indulgence for any humour, however vicious. There were ladies here—or women whose dress aud bearing might fairly give them claim to such a title ; nor was beauty wantiti; in this strange assemblage. Nay,' I beheld more tlian one youthful countenance of sn fresh and innocent an expression, that I could but wonder what extraordinary accident had brought its owner into such a scene, Hut, upon inquiring of a civil neighbour, I found that in each case the accident was felony and that the engaging young woman, whose sim plicity I bad compassionated, was among the vilest of her sex. Kot on the tirst night of my incarceration, however, did I observe these things. I passed through the indiscriminate crowd, seeing nothing, hearing nothing; for the figures around me seemed less distinct thau the phantoms which Dante beheld iu the under- world. T imagine tliat the constable had communicated the feet of iuy being decently provided with ready money to the governor, for that official received me with considerable civilty, offered me a private room, which I could enjoy for the modest sum of half-a-guinea a night, and strongly recommended me a bowl of punch to put we In spirits. ' I informal him that my spirits were, at the present moment, rather be wildered than dc pressed, but begged liitu to ordj;r a bowl of punch, at my expense, for the refreshment of himseJfand the constable, if he were not too proud to drink with that functionary. ' " l Ain too proud to drink with no men," implied the governor; " aud there, has gone out of this world many a decent fellow with whotn Jt hobnobbed the night before, his cxt* c'utioii. It amazing how small a difference a crhuuiid career makes in a man's manners, aud how pretty a fellow your forger or highwayman may be, in spite of his peccadilloes." It Is not to be supposed that I slept very soundly tliat night, though my bed was better than . I had expected to find it. The position in which I found myself was one which would, F conceive, have filled most incn with horror, but I liad not yet realized the feet tliat T might be iu actual danger. 1 lilust confess tliat my dominant feeling, throughout a long and thoughtful night, was a guilty satisfaction in the fete that had befal en ihy ouejity. Yes, vile as it may seem, I must confess the truth.: I was glad that Evcrard Lcstrango was deud. He who had so insolently defied my vengeance had succumbed to the Great Avenger. He was dead, and Dora was free, Itwas not possible for me to consider one fact without thinking of the other. She was free. Never to be mine, divided from me a« widely as ever—^md oh! how bitterly I now rogKotted the impulse that bad given my faith t^ ftyytlier-ibut released from a bondage tliat she luvl admitted to bo hateful Could I be ld8s than jfjhul, for her sake % ^ i Svill notrob her of ttaiiteville," I said to ni3*s<5£, hly thoughts reverting to the subject %j^WJture wtis pleasing, but in the next inSifteiVt^. &iiflliod; aloud at my own folly. "iMl^' t'md tO myself, " can you suppose th^aiovel^ woiuati, left a widow at five- amltxvWifA^Simi whose heart has never yet been 8jvtt«'WiU fiJld no better consolation thau 8n<Ji jcomjiany as you would choose for her. ho 1 that the future is to be blank for hor'"becflUfee yoH have bestowed yourself elsewhere t Slic my nwept your generous offer"feely fejioujjli,' perils ; and when you come'l/^'tft Maud, aftwten years' exile and tev%it'HAufceville» you wB^ doubtless find hcr"$fc tlLe&te; of tyt fehosen husband, and with'ft bts^f felv fl&tts.aud; darters calling JUc ^'ith Gxivnmx bitter- 