CENTKAL CUMIBKLANü ELECTION.. . J fl'BOM OOH PA.U11AMA.TTA. CJOIUlESrONDENT.] Mn. William A. Long nidrossed the electors of Oentral Cumberland electorate, attbe Court-house, Parramatta, OB tho 18th mêlant, at 8 p m. Th<i Mnyor of Parramatta, Mr. C. J. Byrnes, presided. The buddins; was orowdod. Mr. Long spoke for noary an hour in explanation of hi's viows rn various politicalquestions. As to oduoation, nb «OB in favour of snob le{laUtion being effected as would ensure|to the wholo of the ohildren in tho country tho acquiBilbn of a lib-rat oduo ilion. As to the Land Aot, be thought that, the Land Act of 18C1 had been a great b.on b tho country, and that it hod worked very satisfactorily until tho difficulties arose in con- nection w ith the recent dtoicions of the Law Courts. Tho Amending Act had bom pissed to got rid of those, and ho thought that the matter might now remain at rost for a lone timo to come. Ht WOB favourable to tbe division of that eleotorate, btoaiifo ai at present constituted it inoluded places and people having utterly divoigeut interests. As to the line Of division, hi thought that was a question fdr tho eleotora thomtolves tc consider, and to dotormino whore they would like the dhiding line to pass, and it would bo tho duty of thjir representative, so far as he could to procure tho accomplishment of thoir wishes. Tho water Bupply schema that he would favour would tia such OB would embraco ill tho towns and villagoB in tho county of Cumberland, end would bo inexhaustible. They could not expect him to indicate any particular souroo fo'r tho supply,-since tho Water Commission, nbtwthstanding nil tho advantages that they posaesicd to enable them to determino tho matter, oculd not agreo, and wore obliged to recommend that engineers should bo proourcd from Eng- land to report on tho subject. That being tho caso they could not expcot an opinion from him ; but he thought tho pecnting of an inexhaustible supply of good wator for tho wholo county of Cumberland available for irrigation as well os other purpose!-a matter of the moat vital im- portance to the country. It would be a most expensive work, but what of that, What was the uso of beiug pros porous and wealthy if we were exposed to all tho miseries inevitably resulting from in suffioiont wator supply 'i Tho expenso, however, would bo considerably reduced by the largo area of valuable land forming the present wator reeerves being placed at tha disposal of tho Government. This might then ba sold, und weuld roalisé a large Bum of money. It wjuld also bo found that tho revenue derivable from tho water would poon bo Bufliciont to pay tho interest oh tho outlay, and that was all the Govomment could want, In reply to'a qneotlon as to whothor ho vas favourable to tho extension of the roilway from Eodfem into 8ydney, Mr. Long said that ho WBB favour,)bio to it, but thought that it would bo better to havo taken it to tho Bito of the'ColOnial Secre- tary's oflice, bocauRo tho Government had plenty of land thero available for a station without goin'g to the expenso of rtsnming private property. Ho had hoard it roported that he was unfavour- able to tho extension because ho was to some extent interested in property at tho corner of King and CaetloroBgh streets which would hivo ts be resumed, anS ho wished it to be understood that it waa a matter of perfect ( indifforonce to him whether the Government resumed it or not. Ho was quito content to let it bo BB it was, and ¡io was quito euro tho Government would not take it without wording full compensation. In any case, he would let rio private interest of his stand in opposition to the wel- fare of the colony. Other questions wcro asked, and answered to the satisfaction of the mooting. Mr. W. Drew propoced, and Mr. H. T. Jones seconded, tho usunl voto of conüdenco. A young man present moved an amendment to tho contrary. Ho said he considered that Mr, Long was in evory way well qualified to represent them in Parliament, but that a botter man wos in tho fiold. (Cries of " name!") HecoulAnót yet mention his nome, because he had not yet boen publicly announced. Mr. L:ng rose, and Baid that, though it was quite right that tho gentleman shonld ooma himself and express his views, he did not think the gentleman ought to .bring a ghost with him. (Laughter.) The voto of confidence was put, and carried unanimoaely. li>th june. . S 