PAPERS FOR THE PEOPLE, ';•"',* No. 18. . V'-. • i THE LARRIKIN. (To tho Editor of tho Cornwall Advertiser.) Sin,—Tlie origin of the word larrikin,; like that of some noble families, is- sufficiently obscure. Some of these families have offered a somewhat amusing illustration to the very common proverb Nc suior ultra crepidain, that is to say, " Cobbler,. do not go beyond your last 1" But, not being larrikins, . mid liaving no conuection with auy of the brood, I wish to ascertain. the real origin iOf-the word. The fancy-pedigree, which ascribes the word larrikin to the stuttering constable, appears to me to be inadequate. The conduct of the larrikin appears to me to surpass the idea which one attaches to sky-larking I cannot help attaching a much more serious origin. The first syllable, tar, is expressive of evil. In the French language the word laron means a rogue ; and our own word force ay is as l>ad a sort of roguery as any needs be. The fir6t syllablu lar is replete with meaning ; iarvae signified in ancient Rome, " the ghosts of the deceased, who had been wicked and mischievous." The word larrikia appears to me to find its origin "from the word lar. How it came iuto existence I cannot learn. We arc often indebted for very well got up words to our American cousins ; hut I see 110 reason to think that wc have to thank them for larrikin. It is, now at least, a colonial term, and the sooner it is removed from amongst us. in the departure of the poor unhappy being whom it signifies, the better for 116 all ; and particularly for the larrikin himself. Although we cannot discover the origin of the name, no such difficulty exists in relation to the wretch whom the name denotes. A spurious profession of Christianity is the creating power which has brought forth the larrikin. That human beings—for I suppose we must admit tlicni to he men, aud not monkeys iu human shape*—that human beings should perform tho actions of the larrikiu, is one of those unaccountable things, which demonstrate the hollowness of the expression, " the dignity of hrnnan nature." The young persons of our colony ought- to be urged to press for education. A right-minded lad will feel an earnest desire to occupy an honorable position in the locality where ho is living. This boil enable wish does not seem to actuate the poor, silly, low-minded lairikin. And the consequence. of this brut-.tl want -of proper spirit generates the foolish lore of riot and misconduct, to which he is so prone ; and which makes liiiu sink so low down in the scale of exisleuce. Ought there ever to be, in any human society, one part of it out of contact with another ? I think not! I think it is all of it related each to each. If young gentlemen (yes, and very old ones also) wero to place themselves at the heads of cricketclubs. • Were they to invite each other (these clubs) io friendly trials of skill ; and were all the " cricket-heads" of town-; ships or of districts, to get up libraries— to which all cricketers were admissible ; then, would there he (so to speak) a sort of cojdon sanilairc around the localities. 1 rather think that these kinds of enrolments, on cricket companies, have been growing into existence duriug the last few years. They should be greatly made of. Much genial ardour should be shown towards them by their captains and other officcre. All . the varied amenities interwoven in the carrying of thcin out are worth nuggets of gold, for arousing up; the torpid vegetating- lethargy of the substrata of our townships hi Tasmania, .i Yours respectfully, •. TASMAN. ; 