•gjScrofegi If any of our rgadera should fall in with. ''Govinda S&manta;, by the Rev. LSI BehSri D£," and should fed. inclined to pass* the book by, on account of its unfamiliar title or the strangeness of. its author's name,, our adyiceis very emphatically that of PttncA .to those abont to marry, " don't.": . We have -no knowledge of Mr. De beyond that wjhich' his name and prefix suggest, but' after leading his hook -with great interest and pleasure we have come to the conclusion that although a native of Hfndostan he is well informed,-familiar with- English literature, and manifests a thorough knowledge of the feelings, manners, and daily- experiences of'" the people he describes, and a wonderful amount of carefal observation and discriminating power in selecting picturesque places and incidents for description. ' Govinda SSmanfca is a story without a hero; indeed our author tells us that tile life of a Bengali rayat or peasant is almost always without romance; nevertheless he has succeeded in showing that the interest of a story does not depend upon abnormal incident. While there- is really no plot, except that woven by the every-day relations of members of a somewhat oppressed peasant community and those with whom they are obliged to have dealings, the characters are selected with special reference to making the reader familiar with the aims, hopes, strivings, and hardships, - as well as the social habits and customs of an interesting community hitherto far too little known to the outside world. Govinda is the only character continuous throughout the story, and round whom the incidents are grouped. In following him through his daily expe perienceB we get graphic and often amusing accounts of the relations of the native peasantry not only to one another but also to their Zemindars and to the indigo planters, their employers, who are often selfish and cruel enough, together with short hut valuable accounts of rice, sugar, and indigo cultivation. Mr. D& gives as touching glimpses of their religious notions ana exercises, their patient endurance of pestilence, famine, and oppression, and pitiable accounts of how it is feasible to hush up various crimes to accommodate various interests. There is a good picture of an old storyteller of Kanchapur, one Sambhu's mother, who while she worked at the spinning wheel charmed her childish audience with such startling accounts of "the fonr com panions," or of ghostB, of -whom she gave such vivid descriptions that " the children were afaid to go to their homes singly; they formed themselves into a group, from which each one dropped off as he came to the door of bis bouse, the boldest of the company being the last to reach home." In the account of Ruma Rupa, the village schoolmaster, we get a quiet bit of satire on unreasoning acceptance of custom in the following apology for Rup£'s cruel mode of punishment:—" In justice to the lame schoolmaster of Kancb^pur I should here remark that the above discliplinary process was not the product of his own fertile brain; it is a time-honoured institution which has been handed down from generation to genera tion of Bengali schoolmasters." When Govinda is urged to resist the hard and unjust demands of the Zemindar, he asks in true Eastern fashion, "Living in water how can £ quarrel with the alligator?" Alanga, the mother of the "wise house," although thought wonderfully wise by the members of her family, is gra phically portrayed as being blessed with a mind which was generally in that state of haziness whichreminds one of Mrs. Nickleby, for we learn concerning a certain incident in Govinda's early life that " Alanga always remembered that it happened on a Saturday, but the month and the year escaped her memory." Mr. D^s book is not quite free from verbal errors, and he shows himself very ignorant of European cooking,-'arid wanting in a more accurate knowledge of the true character of the Lancashire cotton onerative class. It is evidently a faithful record of personal experience; and having taken excep tion to the minor faults abovenamed we know no book we can so heartily recommend for imparting vivid impressions of the social life of the peasant clas of India as " Govinda Samanta." "Climate and Time in their Geological Relationships, a Theory of Secular Changes of the Earth's Climate," by James Croll, is a book deserving to rank amongst the fore most of those great geological works which have startled every one and alarmed many during the last tenor fifteen years. Mr. Croll is both a geologist and physicist, and has long been known as an original thinker and . keen observer in both sciences. For many years he has been endeavouring to unite the earth's geological epochs with its astrono mical history, and thus at once explain its climatic changes, and fix a definite number of years of time to each of its vast geological periods. As far back as the year 1864, and agaih in the year 1868, we find him contributing articles to the Philosophical Magazine on this im portant subject. Indeed the book nowunder notice, while not being a reprint of these and other articles contributed to the above-named and other magazines, may be looked upon as a complete exposition of what he has thus published with the exception of a few specu lations he no longer holds tenable. Warn ing our readers that Mr. Croll's views are opposed to those of many eminent philoso phers, we will endeavour, without entering into technical criticisms, to give them a general outline of the arguments he adduces in defence of the position he has taken. It would appear then that the investigation of the successive changes and modifications which the crust of the earth has passed through during the ages—the great problem of geology—is in timately connected with climatic agencies. "There are," says Mr. Croll, "few who reflect on the subject that will not readily admit that, whether as regards the great physical changes which are taking place on the surface of our globe, or as regards the distribution of plant and animal life, the ordinary climatic agents are the real agents at work, and that compared with them all other agencies sink into insignificance." That is to say, the climate of ±he earth has not been uniformly the same as at present during past ages, nor has it, according to the old notions connected with the doctrine of internal heat, been becoming uniformly colder. Climatic changes have been ex tremely varied, and not only have regions now enjoying a temperate climate been deso late as Greenland, but regions now held in the grasp of an Arctic winter have been covered with luxuriant vegetation. The period immediately preceding the present witnessed the extension of ice, not only in Buch parts of Great Britain as were above the sea, but over large portions of Northern Europe, America, and Asia, now inhabited by man. This was the last glacial epoch. Daring a period preceding it, and of a geologic age so compara tively recent as the Miocene, Green land and some neighbouring regions, the outlines of which it is hoped the present Polar expeditions will be able to map within the Arctic Circle, were adorned with various species of Wellingtonia, poplar, willow, beech, and oak, as well as the walnut, vine, plum, tulip-tree, and plane-tree, and several species of evergreens. Nearly sixty different species, brought from Atanekeidluk, in lat. '70° N., have been examined by Professor fleer, who is decidedly of opinion that they must have grown where they were found. " This is shown (a) by the fact that Captain Inglefield and Dr. 15ink observed trunks of trees standing upright; (6) by the great abundance of the leaves, and the perfect state of preservation in which they are found; (c) by the fact that we find in the stone both fruits and seeds of the trees whose leaves are also found there; (d) by the occurrence of insect remains along with the leaves. . . . The flora proves without a doubt that Greenland in the Miooene epoch had a climate much ) warmer than the present one. The differ ence must be at least 29° Fahr." (pp. 308-9). It 1b evident, then, that temperate climates were once Arctic, and that the Arctic Circle —now ice- bound—was once distinguished by a temperate and genial climate. Mr. Crcll ma3cea i€~ clear that there "Have beenseveral" ' 4 j- « .1 _. 1' .SLi^Jl'ECi tilAi; "■ejatSal- epochs ranging" fern ' the far-bafcik J Palaeozoic, or ancient life-period, to roceif times, and that each of these glacial epochs ' may havehadandinall probability has had its own periods of variation, during which the climate has changedfrom colder to warmer, and back again to colder conditions. It is well' known that Sir Charles Lyell accounts for these variations by the differences in the \ ' distribution of land and water upon the earth itself—a theory ' which is disposed of as ' fpllows on-page Sof the:-present. work:— " Sir . Charles concludes ' that were the land all collected round the poles, 'while the equatorial zones were occupied by the' ocean, the general temperature would be lowered to an extent that would account for the glacial epoch. And, on the other hand, were the land allcollectedalongthe-Equator, -while the polar - regions were covered with sea, this would raise : the temperature of the globe to an enormous extent. It will be shown that this theory does not duly take into account the prodigious influence exerted, on climates by means -of: the heat converged from equatorial to tern-'i perate and polar regions by means of ocean currents. In chapters II. and IU. I have endeavoured to prove (1) that were it not for the heat converged from equatorial to tern- | perate and polar regions by this means, the thermal condition of the globe would be totally different from what it is at present; and (2) that the effect of placing all the land along the Equator would be diametrically the opposite of that Sir CharleB supposes." The j mighty influence that has been at work through the ages must then have been an astronomical influence, and an explanation 1 of the changes in the climate of the ! earth must be found in itB relations to the centre of the system of which it is a member. Has it then been caused by a change in the obliquity of the ecliptic? Laplace long ago answered this question in the negative, and Mr. Croll now reaffirms that decision. Has it been caused by the variations in the position of the earth in relation to the sun, occasioned by the eccen tricity of its orbit? Contrary to the. opinion of Sir J. Herschell and others expressed nearly 40 years ago, Mr. Croll believes this to have been the cause of the real cause; that is to ' say, if the glacial epoch could not result directly from an increase of eccentricity, it might do so indirectly by bring ing into activity other physical agents to produce this effect" With the eccentricity at its superior limit, and the winter occurring in the aphelion the earth would be 8,641,876 miles further from the sun during that season than at present. The ' redaction in the amount of heat received from the sun, owing to his increased distance, would lower the midwinter temperature to an enormous extent. . . . What now falls re rain during that season would then fall as snow. This smot all; the winters would then not only be colder tban now, but they would also be much longer. At present the winters are nearly eight days shorter than the summers; but with the eccentricity at its superior limit, and the winter solstice in aphelion, the length of the winters would exceed that of the summers by no fewer than thirty-six days. The lowering of the temperature and the lengthening of the winter would both tend to the same effect, viz., to increase the amount of snow during the winter." Thus while ice and snow would be accumulated on the hemisphere whose winters occur in aphelion, or at the point in the earth's orbit furthest from the sun, just the opposite forces would be at work on the hemisphere whose winters occur in perihelion, or the point in the earth's orbit nearest the sun, the result of course being that with one half of the earth cooled while the other half was heated, agencies vtould be set in motion which would mad to a deviation iu the Gulf Stream and other great ocean currents; and "the enormous extent, says Mr. Croll, to which the thermal condition of the globe is affected by ocean-currents seems to cast new light on the mystery of geological climate. What, e. g., would be the condition of Europe were the Gulf Stream stopped and the At lantic thus deprived of one-fifth of the abso lute amount of heat which it is now receiving above what it has in virtue of the tempe rature of space? ... And were the currents of the North Pacific also at the same time to be stopped, the northern hemisphere would assuredly be subjected to a state of general glaciation." Placing these physical inferences side by side with vast astronomical calculations, and carefully weighing results and probabilities, our author is of opinion that he has determined veiy approximately the dates of the beginning and end of each glacial epoch; and further that we no longer need speak with such vague indefiniteness of the length of time that has been required to bring tbe earth to its present geological condition, from the Laurentian period, or of the time that must elapse before it shall pass out of existence altogether, since he regards one hundred millions of years sufficient for the first, and can calculate the second either from the present rate of sub-aerial denuda tion or by the limitation which may be fixed by the age of the sun's heat. " No doubt reason and analogy both favour the idea that the age of the material universe, like its magnitude, is immeasurable; we have no reason, however, to conclude that it is eternal any more than we have to infer that it is infinite. But when we com pare the age of the material universe with its magnitude, we must not take the age of one of its members (say our globe) and compare it with the size of the universe. Neither must we compare the age of all the presently-existing systems of worlds with the magnitude of the universe; but we must compare the past history of the universe as it stretches out on all tides into limitless space. Such world, such individual, such atom, is evidently working out a final purpose, according to a plan pre arranged and predetermined by the Divine mind from til eternity. And such world, like such individual, when it serves the end for which it was called into existence, disappears to make room for others. This is the grand conception of the universe which naturally impresses itself on every thonghtf ol mind that has not got into confusion about those things called in science the laws of nature. But the geologist does not pass from world to world as they stand related to each other in the order of succession in time as the astronomer passes from world to world as they stand related to each other in the order of co-existence in space. The researches of the geologist are not only confined to one world, but it is only a portion of the history of that one world that can come under his observation, , , . , For anything that geology shows to the contrary, the time which may have elapsed from the solidifying of the earth's crust to the deposition of the Lanrentian strata may have been as great as the time that has since intervened." The latter portion of this excellent book is made np of a statement of observations on the North of England ice sheet and speculations as to the particular direction of its motion. It also treats of "the physical cause of the submergence and emergence of the land dnring glacial epochs," and "thephysical canse of the motion of glaciers." To the scientific student this book is absolutely necessary, and to the general reader it will convey some idea of the vast fields of de batable ground that have been explored, and of the still vaster fields which lie waiting all nntraversed. Many of Mr. Croll's conclu sions will, of course, be questioned and pro bably set aside, but the work he has so well done will be gratefully received. In Mr. Edmund Maurice's second volnme of " lives of Popular English Leaders in the Middle Ages—Tyler, Ball, and Oldcastle"— we have again a book giving far more than a biographical sketch of the three leaders above-named. It is a valuable contribution in every point of view to English history. Mr. Maurice has struck on ah important vein of research in regard to the labouring classes of England, and has cultivated it with the most praiseworthy diligence and accuracy, thereby rendering about as useful a service as can well be imagined towards increasing the general knowledge concerning not merely kings and princes, barons and soldiers, with the wars in which for the most part their lives were occupied, bnt especially in regard to the condition, sufferings, and protests of the great bulk of the toiling population. While a serious and ^philosophic" tone ~pervaSei~lM workjit is 1 Iwjritfcen in a- ufc^euo clear, effective, and discriminating, that Tt toadsr almost like a., tale. The three men on whose*career, • opinions,. and fate our- author : has shed a great amount of new and interesting light, are, especially typical men, a knowledge of whose work gives lis an insight into a* great deal more than merely that work itself. and it was thoroughly in the spirit of a true : philosophic historian, that Mr. Maurice con-,: -ceived the idea which, he. has admirably wiorked oat in this volume, -by giving as.a survey of the actual condition of the masses of the English people in the fourteenth century ,preparatory to describing the insur rections to which that condition led. *'The insurrection of T^ler and Ball is an important lOndiuark in history, Even considered merely at an episode in the central democratic move ment ofthefonrteenthcentury—as oneof those splendid outbursts which in Flanders, Rome, durance, and, above all, in Switzerland, mark the first struggles into' life of new and only partly-organized classes of society—the insurrection of 1838 holds no insignificant position. But we can only estimate its due importance if we consider it as colouring and being coloured, by that religious move ment which was so essentially English in its character, and through which England was most powerfully to a Sect the life of the'con tinent. In order, therefore, to understand the real meaning of this insurrection it will be necessary to trace from the earliest times the condition of the classes who specially took part in it, and to see what their relations were with the earlier religions movements of their country; in what respect the leaders of those movements had a claim to be considered as the champions of the poor; what they did to repel those whom they professed to protect; what other roads to freedom seemed to lead the serfs and the poorer freemen away from their ecclesiastical patrons, or even into antagonism to them." All this Mr. Maurice succeeds in doing very graphically, and in such a way as manifests an amount of original research and extreme accuracy rarely attained in Such a work. We see how in England in the 12th century slavery went alongside a regular systematized slave trade ; how in the course of time a middle class grew up between the absolute slave and master, the existence of which had not only a present but a perma nent beneficial influence. This semi- free class between the thane and the thrall, occupied like the slaves in purely agricultural labour, prevented that opposition between widely separated classes, which intensified the evils of slavery both in ancient and modern times. Add to this tiie fact that the monks were themselves engaged in manual labour both agricultural and mechanical, and thus were drawn by class sympathy as well as by religious feelings to the cause of the serf, and. we see the various softening influences at work which, while they could not hide the horrors of slavery, yet tended to weaken some of its bitterness and give hope of its gradual abolition. The rise and progress of towns, the results of the freedom which gradually came hy residence therein, the struggle between the monks and the towns, and the failure of the former to justify their position, and the revolutions which followed in which Ball and Tyler were prominent leaders, are all faithfully depicted. "Threads of Gossamer," by the Bev. John Trist, is a graceful title for one of the most pleasing little books we have read for a long tame past. While it is evidently a first production, there is that in it which leads us to anticipate something better when the author's powers have reached maturity. It is full of instructive thought gracefully expressed, and gives one the impression that its author is a genial as well as a thoughtful man. It is made up of short essays on com mon things, intended chiefly for young people, by whom it ought to be read with profit and pleasure. We give the following extract from the first essay by way of illustrating its mode of thought:—"These threads of gossamer are found in the body and in the mind of man. We, too, are built up of least atoms too small for us to measure, too slight for us to notice. The feathery snow, which as a mountain avalanche rolls down the mountain side with a noise like that of thunder, and bounding like a thing of life, is composed of star-like tissues light as eider down; and in man, where intellect and heart are found, things infinitely small are con cealed. The body has its small particles, a number of which in combination build up an active and robust frame; whilst mind, heart, and conscience are composed of thoughts, affections, and small deeds of good. The youth at school that makes an earnest effort to master a difficult problem adds to his mind a fine hut firm thread to strengthen intellect for future use. The girl that lends an ear to the call for affection has intro duced a little vein of pureness and of bless ing-into her future me; and in matters of right and wrong he who says "Bo" when conscience bids him girds himself with a "gossamer thread," which is as an iron band for strength. The mountain, as it lies open, stands composed of rock and grit, bat to the man of science it becomes reduced to invisible gas. In like manner man is not only a creature of large and active limbs, but of thoughts, words, and actions, so small indeed that few take any notice of them. It is not what we do now and then that goes to make up life, it is not the great and remarkable things, bnt the quiet and the simple, done day by day and all day long, that makes as men and fills us with com 