METHODISM. —Communicated. Methodism from the fact of its annual con duces being held in all the colonies this week is prominently before the public again. he contemplated changes in its usage, if not s constitution, in many respects; render it : a nbiect of very grave interest to its adherents, n d no little anxiety is felt to know what atti udc the conference will finally assume towards bose changes, we will not say reforms,, which avc been agitated in its communion for some' "tL policy of the conference hitherto has ,een that expressed by Napoleon’s maxim;-—, ‘ Everything for the people, nothing BY hem/' they have not appreciated' the higher, fisdom of Sir Wm, Semple, who has_ said, ■that for a prince to govern all BY all, is the neat secret of happiness and safety both for ,rincc and people." Every concession granted: o the m'ovrth of popular has been Tranted° with reluctance at allthues;: ;and rith restriction that made . the boon when Tianted of questionable value. • ■ One of iho radical mistakes that the .Wesleyan Conference has always made is, V that it has [cared to confide in its adherents, It has always been afraid to-trust the people. It is difficult to account for this want of trust, .apart. From what the conference will not regard as ai Complimentary reason, “ That tyrants .always fear those whom they oppress.”- Without wishing to class this respectable body of miu islere with the despotisms of the world, there; is we fear, iio denying the fact that it has puti forth pretensions and asserted sacerdotal claims such as no other Protestant. Nonconformist; Church ever has. . ; We arc not, however,: concerned to discuss that aspect of the case, and only refer to it non' for the light it casts upon the present position of affairs within its borders.. ~ .... , That the:present condition of things must be. changed, that its oligarchical gpyerhineut, must, he brought into closer harmony with- theinsti liiUnris and spirit of the age, is seen , arid acknowledged. Hence the determination- to admit laymen to the conference.' But the fine iwmt'of'contentibn is,.what'arc the cbridMbrisi ofadmission! What functibns/.will..devolve, upon them when admitted? The proposal of the conference is to allow the laymen to engage in all deliberations on -matters of finance; bat other matters, such as those pertaining to ministerial status and conduct, to the' appoint-' incut of ministers to circuits, arid the receiving of men ns ministers, and all such matters, are to be exclusively dealt with by the ministers. Jow, when it is known that ~at present all” paaadal matters are dealt with by what are l. imwii as cotmexioiial committees—which are I composed of laymen and ministers—the proposal ; of iho conference amounts to simply; an- annul ling of those committees, and the transfer ,of them to the conference, a proposal which to us appears to be a mockery and delusion, if not insulting. Prom a ministerial,: a conference ; point of view, very much is made of the fact, that a mixed committee of ministers and lay men have sat to consider the conditions on which laymen are to be admitted to this sacred assembly; but the value of this is - seen when we learn that all these lay gentlemen arc the nominees of the ministers, and who, as a rule, swear by Jupiter more vehemently than Jupi ter swears by himseri; so that any .recom mendations emanating from a body constituted, in such a manner cannot be accepted as repre senting tlm wishes of the'people. ' fue ground taken by Wesleyan niinisters has alwaj’s appeared to us to be somewhat' anoma lous and illogical. They discard all priestly, all sacerdotal pretensions in- their theory of c lurch government, and yet iu practice, arid ne actualities of that government' they assert tmir pastoral rights after a most ■ vigorous ushion. They claim to have the sole right to a', nut persons in and expel them from-the nrui, to call men into , the ministry, and to uvpe them from it, to fix the location of min i-era irrespective of the wishes of the congrc ytiona to whom they are to minister, and the uuimatnm in every matter rests with the minis erortjeconfcrenec; aiidallthisis donein virtue mi pastoral or sacerdotal- • 1?, ! ei ’ to us > incongruous part of Methodism • f , . t ass leaders, who are entrusted ‘V e “ lree ' : pastoral oversight of the' Church’ ij,.]; 1 ! preachers, who, we” tif "u *•V 5 ' ■- "SOT* 011 the . ground to tl,n Ir - J . eln S uailed by the' Holy- Ghost' iu-r . mil " str y. t . ,{ t ' le Gospel arid the; Church, uimv “. -itinerant ministers are; • have; free '^ tUm r ngbts (,r responsibilities. '.. We are i)rMn!-» C ° n SUCiI if cpuclusion front such question W f ” ur [comprehension;’-- -The : Wpm ° i Ie hiding of the church property. Mrcct!-! , r and U - : - W(; belia Y e . iu - the. Lydiard tlie causiu S sotiio- feeling. ~In Pert’- (•' !1h' lU ' ”' vc understand, the pro k know,.' “ .^ c conferenbe; (on .what •■sole luo-,1 * S I 1 ® . modil ■"’eed),- who have the churches W i? 1 < T er l aU tlle pnrsonagesaod debt Till + ° ■ responsibility for the of thin..* 8 ? l USisa Wvy. unsatisfactory state tolerated ’ w d j SU ?^~ a ® .® u gife" never to be ■natters wbJel. 6 d ° rtbt not . that' this 'arid 'other at the T.rpc areell gaging the Wesleyan mind 