ANJnVERSAXlY OF THE YAKRA STREET WESEEYAY CHURCH; The anniversary of the Yarra-street Wes leyan Church, - was • celebrated last evening in a somewhat different way to the usual custom. Previously, with one exception, it had been celebrated by a tea and public meeting, but last evening this custom was departed from, a; lecture being substituted, which was delivered by the Keverend E. T. "Wat kin on "Eccentric Methodist Preachers." The Itev. John Egglestone presided, and, after a hymn and prayer, briefly introduced the lecturer, remarking he was so well, known that the formality of introduction was almost unnecessary. The attendance was not of the most encouraging descrip tion, but doubtless as much would be rea lised as by the tea meeting system. The lecturer introduced his subject by remark ing that the pulpit would never lose its power. In every age its course had been marked, even from the time of the Puritans, by a beaten track of eccentric preachers. All sects were the same in this respect, the eccentricities being manifested in different ways, some even showing it in the titles of their sermons, such a text as "The Snuffers of the Church,"' "The Gun of Penitence," "Crumbs for Chickens, &c.; Others made themselves eccentric by curious action whilst speaking, one preacher, for instance, an American having united a con gregation to listen to a discoure on back sliding, climbed up a tree, sliding down slowly but surely, making no remarks, hut allowing his would-be audience to draw their conclusions from his actions. Short sermons amongst some preachers had made theui eccentric, as in the case of one who stood np in the pulpit and gave out his text, "He that giveth unto the poor leudeth onto the Lord," adding, " And if yon .are pleased with the security down with the dust." Another one stood np in Pome, .and said three times aloud, "St. Peter is a Tool," audjsat down. On being brought he Tore the Pope, he excused himself on the •ground that Peter was what he said he was becausehe fasted -when there was no necessity for it. His sermon, however, had "Teat effect Some preachers hadbeen fondof malnn"them selves singular by preaching long smndns, one or Troys beiug of five houis' duration. Two clergymen, Dean Swift and Dr. S'outh astonished their audiences byrequestiug them to jreep awake : on one occasion a nobleman bein" made to look very foolish by being re minded he had been smoking during the sermon. On another occasion Dean Swift took a battledore and shuttlecock into lie pulpit ^and when his audience: began- to snooze, *Be commenced playing with thein, "which woke them hp. directly all eyes bem^ directed to - him, when lie'rebuked them by saying," AVhen I - preach the truth you are all asteeps but when I play the fool you are all awake. . The rev.- lecturer then went on to reter to several other amusing instances amongst clergymen, afterwards taking up Methodist preachers, referring to Metho dism as Christianity in earnest aird Chris tianity in action. Samuel Bradburn was the first one he dwelt' with, having eccentricities rwith his genius which some persons said were closely, allied with in sanity. However, he taught ministers a lesson, on one occasion, whichif carriedinto effect, would tend to shorten sermons con siderably. He stated he had studied his : subject three times over. 1st—What could he say. 2nd—What hfi need not say. 3rd— What: should be said.5 His' summing up of ministers into five classes was another laugh ableincident of his career. On one occasion he was bent upon visiting a town where non conformist practices had been hunted out on several occasions, and adroitly and cunningly enough managed to get round the clergyman and had full siring in the parish^ In the early, days of Methodism in Yorkshire the preachers' salaries were very small, and consequently they had to obtain rations as best they could, often returning home with their saddle-hags . filled with bacon, and were ridiculed as preaching for bacon. In one circuit " the stewards' balance' sheetshowed that the cash received amounted to £1S 2s 9d for the quarter, and outof.that amount three ministers stipends were paid, besides .sundry expenses, leaving, after all, _a credit balance of . ISs 9<1- (Laughter.) Another noted Methodist preacher was Samuel Hicks, the lecturer giving many of the' spicy incidents of his life, endeavour ing in his ^mple, hearty, unassuming way to do good wherever he went, being full of quaintremarks, which madein thebroadYork sliire dialect rendered them still more pe culiar and laughable. Whilst conducting a service on a ricketty platform, he gave out his text, which was—" This is the way the prophets went," at the same time disappear ing through the boards. Hicks boasted of having prayed two guineas out of a miser, his method being very amusing. The lec turer referred to William Dawson, Daniel Isaac, and Hodgson Carson, the latter shortly after his conversion proceeding to Scotland, Where, by Lis eccentric ways, 'he brought people into the chapels who would I never have thought of attending but for eu riosity, who afterwards were shown their need of 'a Saviour. Seeing a young man cleaning hoots one Smiday morning he wrapped at the ■window and made some re mark which touched his heart and he was afterwards a reformed character. He was often known to give his text out at the end, and say the Lord's prayer at the beginning of his sermons. Many a fallen one was raised to respectability by his efforts and on his death bed his characteristic eccentricities still held to him, as lie in formed his friends "He was packed up and ready to go." "He was good, and full of faith of the Holy Ghost," was the funeral text, and it was a complete reflex of the man. Squire Brook, who was at one time a gay young sportsman, and. afterwards an effectual and earnest preacher, was next alluded to, his characteristics in his career > being also singular, although he was a suc cessful worker in the cause. Biehard Hampton, better known in liis native village as the " Cornish fool," or "Foolish Dick," was next referred to at some length, as was Billy Bray, .Jessie Lee, of America, Deter Cartwright, James Axley, and Father Taylor, and as Mr Watlun faithfully ponrtrayed their singularities and different iucidentsin their career, his audience was highly amused. He concluded by saying such were some of the eccentric Methodist preachers, and in their eccentricity were not models for our imitation, their grotesque 11 ess being undeniable ; hut in their jirayerfulness, and in endeavors to do good, left ns an example, and we may do well to follow in their steps. (Loud-applause.) The choir rendered some excellent music during the evening, relieving the lecturer on several ocsasions- The balance-sheet was not read, bnt laid before the pew-holders by circular, showing the finances were in a flourishing condition, there being an overdraft, hut that was chiefly on account of the erection of school buildings. After the singing of a hymn the proceedings terminated. 