LATEST INTEECOLONIiL NEWS. . Me.: Faibolough's Saobed Recitals.— The Melbounie- Daily Telegraph, a journnl by no means ultra-Sabbatarian in principle, offers tho following remarks oh the letting of the Town Hall for ' saored' reoitals on a Sunday evon ing :— ' Most ' eminent tragedians' can do enough for themselves on tho six working days of tue week, but Mr. Fuirelough findB it expedi ent to ? make a dash at tho seventh. Under his peculiar oirouinstances, ho ia perhapB more to bo pitied than 'blamed, but tho misobief is that he has induced the Mayor and Town Hall com mittee to connive with him, and has absolutely secured Iho Town Hull for a seiies of popular recitals, which, of course,- are to bo ' sacrbd' in their charactor. Mr. Gatehouse's action is per fectly inexplicable; and the oitizoris will learn of it with equul::alurm und regret; 'His exbu.-o'ia that he is bound to make as much revenue out of the hall as possible ; but thero are limits to tbat rule, which ovory one will jeoogniao— limits imposed by decorum, \by roligion, and by law, all of whiuh Mr.' 'GatehouBoY action would ignore. In reply to a deputation whioh waited upon 'him,; the Mayor said that he had doubts \--whethor the Sunday performance U illegal, ? but what 'we': ! have to insist upon is that neither '.the Town Hall nor the civic funds ahull be used in settling t-bat question. If actors and muBioians ? think thoy can ply their profes-:' BioiiB.;on tho Sunday, let ihem engage the ? Theatre Royal or'tlieOpora Hoaso — which they havo never dared to do — nnd tho issuo can bo deoidod by private parties and by private funds; but there is a strong und conscientious objection to '.the ratepayers' money being; used in defenoo of the position that Sunday performances ure both luwful and expodionl. Mr. Fairolough, in the firat place, proposes to mangle, uot Shak spoaro .ahd'luo drama, but Isaiah and tho prophets. Tho musio whioh nooompanios him is to be of a. sacred clnBS. , Common sense, however, tells us what this means. If theatrical, or'concert, or musioul performances oan bo givon of a psoudo- suored ohuruoler, why thoy cannot bo rofusod of a sooular tuno ; and besides, aro Mr. Fairolough and Mr. Gatohouso to decide what ia sacred or otherwise P The distinction could not bo mnintaincd for ouowook. Actors have to play on Sunday at Now York and San Franoisoo, and in such a case they will have to play here. For suoh practicos this oommunity is not ripe, and it would be an absolute inde cenoy for the Mayor and Qounoil tQ bring it about, knowing, as thoy must know, that the' bulk of the oitizens would repudiate to the last any buoIi ohango.' ' It Nevee Rains but it Pouna.' — Tho following story is relatod by tho Ballnrnt cor respondent of tho JPUasant Creeh News:— Abeut eighteen months ago a resident of this district who boasted, and I boliovo truthfully, of the fact of tbo bluo blood of an old family coursing through his voiiiB, married, nnd loft to settle elBcwhoro. At tho timo the coromony was porformod tho gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of llotioo usually nocorded by tho world to ono who sometimes oan afford throeponnyworth of boor for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few friends did assomblo together, and wish all happiness to tho nowly wodded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unporcoivod, and not missed. When I state tho wifo (a slrnngor horeabonts) was as poor and .nnknown as tho man Bho knolt bosido at the altar, I Bhall havo said all that need be said con corning a marriage of whioh fow were aware, and abou* which ds many cared. Hard work in another colony wua 16 tho couplo tho only reward that seemed likely to mark tho fulfil ment of a long and uffeotionnte engagonionfc. Neither had to their knowlodco kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong roliance in each othor when they plighted their troth. Now mark what tho whirligig of timo brought about. In April last the husband was' wanted,' not by the police, hut by a firm of solicitor'*, who then placed him in possession of aomo riversido property in London, tho rent- roll of which moans a little ovor £13,000 annually. He had kin, but bo far removed as to bo quite unknown to him. Tho mail which reached last told of further favouva in store for the fortu nate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, £84,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brothor, of whoso existence eho was doubtful, and of whoso whereabouts and (as events have proved) Helios sho hud not the ghost of an idea.' The Ohuech of England in Victoria. — The present position of the Church of England in Viotoria having, during the proceedings attendant upon the installation of the Bishop of Ballarat, been depicted in Bomewhnt roseate hues, the Argus thinks that tho time is not unfit for a view of tho roverso of tho picture. A disagreeable glimpse of tbo latter i3 afforded by a oiroular just issued by tho churohnardenB to tho parishioners of St. Peter's, Eustorn-hill. Of all the Anjilioun placoa of worship in Mel bourne proper, St. Poler's has by far tho most numorons, fashionable, and wealthy congrecn- . tion. Tho preacher is eloquent, scholarly, and impressive ; the service is musically rendered iu admirable style, and every Sundny morning and evening sees the pows thronged by worBhippors of the very best social clasB in tlio city. Yot, with all tlm, tho cry of tho churchwardens is that they are straitened ? for money, because tho congregation practise severe parsimony in their contributions. After complnining that tho debt for church affairs has ?in'*- creased, they say: — 'Tbo average attendance at ? morning service on Sunday may be statod at from 400 to 500, and in the evening from 500 to 600, or about 1000 at both sfervides. The averago collection for the parochial fund isnot '? quite £11 10d. This gives an average of 3d. as the weekly contribution of each porson to' tho expenses of divine service. But, na'a matter of fact, if tho coins of the collection bo counted,' it is evident that morothan a1 fourth of those . attending the church contribute notliing, and that 3d. each is the actual contribution of a large portion of the remainder, bo that'the ohiof part of the sum collected is contributed by, per hapa, not more than a third of- the wholo con gregation.'. Under Uiobo circumstances . 'th'e majority of tho worshippors at St. Peter's' are roundly charged with failing in their duty. Tho churchwardens conclude as follows: — 'We do ' not ask for contributions from these who have it not t'i give ; yet for t! e sake of the poor as well as thoir own . . . it is noither reasonable nor. creditable that bo many whoBe appoaranco show they are not of tho poor Bhould give nothing to the expense of muintnining divine bervieo;' The oirculnr of the ohurohwnrdons formed the text of a very plain-Bpokoii addrosB by tho minister to his congregation at morning servico yester-' day. IlIMIGHATIOJT IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.— The. ? Government, says the S. A. Hegister, i urp re-' deeming their promise of adopting yigourpus,; measures in connection with immigration.' :\Vo ! learn that they havo teleginphcd to Mr.. F. S. ' Button, tho immigration agent in London, in- ?, structing him that if in ordor to honour tKoV outstanding immigration certificates and to'koe'p : faith with the holders ho finds it necessary 'to ] send a ship direct from Germany ho is to do so,! ; and if requisite to fill up with freo immigrants;; At present about 120 Germans who havo heen'i nominated to assisted passages jiro awaiting ? transit to tho colony, and tho laying on of a:': vessel direct from Hamhurg is theroforo a most ! desirable measure. It is prohahle that about 130 free immigrants will complete the shipment;''.' thus making the total Gorman arrivals by tho vessel in question 250 persons. Mr. -I)utt6n''i has. also heen' instructed to send throo ship loads of immigrants from England in August and Soptember, instead . of two i as previously' i ordered. Theso additions to the labour power: of tho colony aro intended specially to meotthe1; wants of tho coming harvest. We understand' , that no authority has yet been .given l'or tho ? despatch, of immigrant, ships. later than Sep-} temboiyhut tho activity which the Government ihavo thus fur displayed is a guarantee that' they will take -timely ( stops for maintaining, a£ stream of immigration in accordance with tho circumstances of tho colony. . .:,!-„ ; Lotb, Law, and L. S. D.— The Castlemaine '?'? Representative, of. August 14, hiis tho following ourious narrative :— ' Our iredilors will romom- : ber that yesterday a man named OolaviiiB M. Baker was brought up at the Cnstlemaitfo-1 Polios Court and remanded' to Melbourne, charged with . impersonation— i e.; that he do- : dared himself to bo the father of a girl, and in' that capacity gavo his consent to her marriago, whoroby the Rev. FuthorO'Sullivnn was induced ?' to perform the coremony,v'Blth6ugh tho girl was ?' a minor. We havo - beou ublo to gatbor the following particulars of the case, which promises . to possoBB some elements of jromantio iotorest! — A.bout a month ago Mr. 'Baker '((.ho accused), accompanied, by his wifp, , nephew, reputed daughter, and her', newly-niarried huflband.n arrived . in Castlei'iinine ifromi Sandhurst,, arid ; 'engaged lodgings with .Mrs.'.Georgo' Evan6,.efj iTemploton-stroot.; V'J-li«y-iiitonded..tb;atny. for,-a j few days only to allow blio young. , couple (who . had boon foroed toileavo Sandhurst/on account ;of a threatened action of a breach of promise by j a-.'Dr-\\---~-\ ,who, did ;not. believe in boingj' jilted)-.; to; opmplpte', their .honeymoon. They'r then1 purposed ; proceeding tolthe metropolis, there to celebrate the coming of ago of the daughter; j who,1 according to their report, was -; ontitled to a. 'considerable 'amount of money willod to. her, by bor unole, a brothor of Judge Pohlman'. .??; ;B.ak r,;iwhbdescribed himself as a'-.' livoryrstuble keeper and a breeder of 'racehorses/:: jhnd sold his property, and was living on the proceeds. After)' a, zsliort.'. stay in Melbourne itlio .family, intoudbd proooeding by tho mail steamor to India,. thoneo to Europe, to Bee life, ,nnd onjoy it'-:tobi''ns beoame people who wore i poBseB8e.d of almost fabulous wealth. Tho stay Of a fow days, howevor, extonded to weokB, and still there wore no signs of carrying out Iheir ? original programme. Meanwhilo rumour had ' boon very, ? busy with tho numo and occupation of the husband of tho hoiross, who had boon a ' shaver,* and now wont by the appellntion of Mr. Motter'ura, but who is Baid to have a bettor claim to tho patronymio of ? Smith.' Ho had been,, uocording to hie own account, a shard broker at Quartzopolis, but since his wife. woa ? entitled to muoh wealth bad given up that pre carious modo of oxistence, and was now living ' ' on his moans. The young lady Came erf ogd on Tuesday lnat, and according to our informant, is entitlod to £200 u day for life ! -But, alas ! for human hopos — a full, true, and accurate des cription of Mr. Bnkor was publisliod in tbo Police Gazette, which foil into tho hands of Con Btablo Anglin, who, in conjunction with Sonior constnblo Woods, arrostod Bakor on Thursday ovoning, on the ohargo mentioned above. In justice to tho accused, wo must state that ho has mado no soorot of his wlioroabouts, und tbut tho young lady who baa beon tho uneonsciouB means of Bnkor's arrest porsistod most empha tically- that ho is hor father. Wbot.hor this is correot or not will bo ascertained at tho Mel bourne City Court on Wednesday noxt, whither Baker has beon romandod.' An M.p. and his Speaking Tube. — ' JEglos,' in tho Australasian, tolls tho following story : — ' I hnve always felt great sympathy for medical men draggod from thoir warm beds on chilly night to at.tond some malade imaginaire. The inconvonienco of responding to midnight knocks and rings has induced the occasional use of a speaking tube, one ond of which is available putsido tho hall door, and tho floxible othor end tho doctor tuoka comfortably under his pillow. But evon this contrivance is not without its drnwbaeks. Dr. , who ia a married man nnd strictly circumspect, had bis new speaking tube practically tested. tbo other night Ho had returned late and tired, fully resolved to have some needful rest, and not to go out till noxt morning. Ho was scarcely a asleep bofoi'e a signal came through. the tube, ' Who's there?' snid the doctor, simulating rathor unsuccessfully a female voice. The reply was the name of a disturber Who had bofore callod him up for some .trifling ailment. So tho answer was sent down ' Tho doctors out,|, and ? the colloquy was thus con Uuued :— Visitor : Sure it's yourself that's Bpimkiug,, dootor. , M.D. : The -doctor's out, I tell' 'you/ Visitor : Pome down';,! won't keep you a-minute.'M.D.;: ^The: doctor's not come homo ' yet. ' Visitor : ; Then its timo bo did— for I'll-3wear;therp's n man in his bedroom. . And then that doctor corked up his end of the new speaking tube, and slid downthe -banisters with the chamberpoker.' \: . . 