THE GtD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE; , - ., RECOLLECTIONS OF AN IRISH '? - BOEOUGH. !; By MRS. J. SADLIER. ' CHAPTER XIIIL— (Continued.) 'When I was a young man, Harry 1' said he, ' it isn't a pair of black eyes that would frighten me !' 'And do you mean to say, Mr. Brodigan, that eyes black or blue would frighten Mr. Cusack?' said Rose with a mischievous glance at the latter. ? well I 1 declare it looks like it,' said honest Mr. Brodigan ; ' I never saw Harry so backward before in regard to the ladies. I'm afraid some of you have been trying his patience overmuch. 'Not a bit of it, Mr. Brodigan,' responded Rose quickly ; ' ypu know my aunt never tries anybody's patience, so there would be nobody here to do such a naughty thing only me, and Mr. Cusack knows himself what pains I took to keep him in good spirits and 'J.good humour the last time we saw him. Didn't I, Harry?' A grim and somewhat woe-begone smile was Harry's answer ; he coughed slightly, and then, with a sudden flush, glanced at wiacomo, as though suspecting that he might flaye heard Rose's experiments in the way ot keeping up his spirits; but Giacomo was wUong to Miss Ackland, and as Harry did jot chance to perceive the peculiar .smile w»t curved his lip at the moment, he fek relieved, and soon glided back into his old manner. But Rose was not going to let him OS so easily. ? «ir^T?n-$- *fc a coincidence,' said she, uWi, r?dlg^n' ^at, of all things, or peo P e who should come into my head the other S\ ,vMr* Cusack *™s g°od enough to £% J,,ydia and mvself oufc ^ a drive, Xif !Ullen' the C0°Per' whose troubled Xiy°?kn?w- haunts the sPot where he was murdered* We were passing some Si ?*T Sere at the time- an-* nothing mv hlT-Ve^ C0°Per but he mu«t POP into Wai? JUSt when 1 least wisbed to see him ? J8ffAta coincidence?' turnfd'ftSa^ee^le one' I should sav ' re' S?iff ? Bl;°,dlSanJ sufficiently acquainted ineth? ; w- s noctura^ weakness regard- caWh^^?18 of the other world to lust thl m#ng else wei-e I » y°ur V^oo Sole \ 7Why didn-t y°u tllink of Harry -unoof theied- coats,' put in Cusack, determined to give Rose tit for tat, as he said to himself ; ' most of the young ladies hereabouts would be thinking of some gal-* lant son of Mars these times, who is alive and hearty, instead of a dead cooper. Eh, Miss Rose ?— don't you think so ?' ' Decidedly I do, Mr. Cusack ! I, for one, love the red- coats dearly, and my heart begins to beat—oh, ever so fast, when I hear the drum.' *' I guessed as' much !' ' You did, eh ?— well ! I'm glad to find you can guess so well — now you know how to keep up my spirits, any time you may see them down low, and feel charitably disposed to raise them. After all,' she added, as if with kindling enthusiasm, 'there is no sight like a military show— oh, I do so love it !' Then throwing herself into an attitude, she sang in her gayest way— 'No mnsio for me like the rowdow-dow, And no youth like the captain with smart cockade,' ' Yes; that's what comes of it !' said Cusack looking very grave; 'if young ladies will be allowed to pick up with such snobs of fellows, and run after their fife and drum, they'll|never be worth a pm to them selves or any one else, for they get their* heads full of all sorts of wild, ridiculous notions, and can't settle their minds to any thing !' ' Very true, Mr. Cusack !' said Miss Ack land, surprised herself at what seemed the strange levity of Rose's manner, although understanding, or fancying she understood, her motive, ' but I must beg that you will not judge Rose by her words ; you do not suspect her,' and she smiled, ' of picking up, or me of allowing her to pick up, with strangers, whether in red or black coats, do you ?' ' Oh ! well, as for that, Miss Ackland ! I wouldn't suspect you of anything except what was prudent and proper, but then the wisest in the world can't always have their wits about them— they're subject to make mistakes as well as others' — and he looked full at Giacomo, who sat a rather puzzled listener, not knowing exactly what to make of the oonversation. Miss Ackland smiled,§but she coloured, too. and was evidently a little annoyed ; buc too' polite to seem to take a hint that she well knew was meant for her, she. said — ' I think, Mr. Cusack, we had better change the subject of conversation/' ' And I think it's about time we were going, Miss Jjyaia, said Mr. Urodigan rising ; ' what with the ghost and the red coats, we have had quite a little stir of it. 'Very pleasant and very exciting — ha ! ha ! I see Miss Rose is able to hold her own with you, Harry, my boy 1' ' I should think she was,' replied Cusack dryly ;|her tongue has quite a military rattle of late.' ' Thank you, Mr- Cusack !' said Rose with a smile and a very low curtsey, ' 1 am practising a la onilitaire, you see, and it is encouraging to have your opinion that 1 succeed so well. Thank you, very much. Should I make' up my mind to try my luck in the Fille dio Regiment, I shall know where to apply for a reference as to capa bility.' . More than ever bewildered by this sally, poor Uusack made no answer, though he tried to echo Brodigan's good-humoured laugh as they shook hands with the ladies. '* Are we friends now, Mr. Cusack ?' said Rose running after him to the parlour-door. ' I'm afraid jyou are the [least bit angry with me.' . ' Oh, dear me ! not at all, Miss Rose ! why should I be angry ? I never was in better humour in my life.' ' I'm exceedingly glad to hear it — ' good night' then, and once again ' good night.' Happy be your dreams — and not of Tom Cullen,' she called after him down the steps. ' You are cruel, are you not ?' whispered Giacomo, as he lingered a moment after saying ' good night.' ?' Not at all — why do you ask ?' ' You remind me of a cat playing with the unfortunate mouse it has caught, and is ready to devour.' Rose's laugh rang out clear and musical, as she almost pushed the young man down the steps — ' Get you gone, Signor ! you are losing all the politeness you ever had — I, a cat, seeking to. devour Harry Cusack ! Mercy on us, what an idea !'' ' A very natural idea— don't you think so, Miss Ackland ?' ' Not exactly as you take it, Giacomo ! — playing with the mouse she may be, this naughty kitten of ours, but for any further design on its mouseship, I think I can acquit her of that piece of cruelty.' ' Oh ! pray don't excuse me, Aunt Lydia ! pray don't — let him think as he likes of me, I shall take the same liberty with him, and think something very, very bad of him.?' ' Very, very bad— will you ? how candid —but I must hurry after the others — I should like £o have the benefit of their com pany into town — as Miss Rose will have us all afraid of ghosts !' he added laughing, as he ran down the steps to evertake the other gentlemen, A word rcachad his car as he left the side of Rose Ackland that half in duced him to turn back, but he would not do what he would have found it hard to account for, so Jie went on his way as be fore. ' i It was old Nancy that had spoken the word, having been evidently waiting for an opportunity, ' Miss Ackland, dear,' said she, ' if I hadn't a fright since— there was an officer here while you were gone !' That was all Giacomo heard. 'An officer?' cried both the ladies. ' What officer ?' ' Och, sure myself can't tell you that, but he was a fine, tall, portly gentleman, that 'id put you in mind, *Miss Lyddy, if you seen him, of — him, you know.' 'Major Melville, I'm sure !' said Rose to her aunt, as the latter sank trembling on the bench in. the porch. ' Major Melville !' repeated Nancy, ' the gentleman you met by chance one evenin' in the spring, an' that took such a start out you ? Ah ! then, I wasn't far wrong — I'm sure he's some near relation of the poor dear captain, the darlin' o' the world he was !' . ' He is his brother,' said Miss Ackland, ' his only brother, I may as well tell you, at once — but what brought him here ? what did he want ? what did he say to you, Nancy ?' ' Well, as for what brought him. Miss Lyddy, I can't take upon me to say — I sup pose if you had been in, he'd have tould you his business, but he didn't tell me, and for what would he ?' . 'But did he not speak to you?' asked Rose, on a motion from her aunt. ' Did he spake, is it ? Well, he did, an' indeed, a fine, well-spoken gentleman he is, too — he asked me if the old place wasn't for sale, an' when I said no, it wasn't, he said there was some house about here that he was tould was for sale, but he supposed he had mistaken the place.' ' So, then, l^he had business, after all !' cried Kose; 'I thought you said he had none ?' 'Did I?— Well, whether or not, that's what he said ; but, anyhow, we had a shana chus, him an' me.' *' You had ?' said Miss Ackland, raising herself from her half-recumbent posture, ' and what about ?' ' He asked me if any of the family were in, an', of coorse, I said no, but that there wasn't many of them now to be in or out, for the Acklauds were most all gone, barrin' two ladies of them that live here all alone. 'Axe they sisters,' eays he, l Why no,' say's I ' it's the aunt an' the niece ; my mistress, Miss Ackland, fis ithc daughter of the ould master, George Ackland, esquare, an' the young lady, Miss Rose, is her brother's daughter, Mr. Alexander Ackland, that was — rest them allinpace !' So, my dears, with that he sits down there on the bench, jist about where your are now, Miss Lyddy dear, an' he claps his eves on me mighty sharp like, an' says he — ' You're old Nancy, I sup pose.' ' That's my name, your honour,' says I, making a curchey down to the ground, to let him see that I hadn't lived so long in a gentleman's family without knowing what manners is ? You're a long time in this family/ says he to me. ' Your honour may say that,' says I, ' it's thirty good years, an? three or four to the back of it, since I came to mind Miss Lyddy, the darlin', that was then a little weeny one toddlin* about.' ' Do you remember a Uaptain Melville that used to visit here ?' ' -c My God !' murmured Miss Ackland, ' to think of him putting such questions to you ! But go on— go on, Nancy !' ' I will, asthorej; I will S — where was I !' 'At where the ^Major asked you if you remembered Captain Melville,' said Rose. 'Ah! that was it — to be sure, I said I did well. ' Was itttrue, ' said he, ' that the Captain and Miss Ackland came near being married? I have heard that there was some thing of that kind on foot.' ' Well !' says I, ' I don't know that it ever went so far as that ; I know the captain, the heavens be his bed, used to be a great deal here when he'd come into port, and there was ever and always a warm welcome for him when he came — but beyant that I can't say, your honour.' Then he looked at me very hard, and says he, 'Don't you think Captain Mel ville wanted to marry Miss Ackland ?' Well, I didn't know what I had best say, so I paused a while, but at last I began to think that there's nothing like the truth, so I says to him, ' I b'lieve he did, sir!' ' An' Miss Ackland,' he says, after musin' a little, lookin' down on the ground, fI could see, though it was most dark, * Did she: — do you think she cared for — for him.' ' ' Oh, Nancy, what did you say, then ?' cried Miss Ackland, clasping her hands, and looking the pitiable anxiety she felt. ' Well ! now, Miss Lyddy, whether you like it or not, I'll jist tell you what I said, bekase truth is truth, an', as I said before, thero's nothing like it, after all. Says I to him, 'Ib'lieve if Captain Melville had a notion of Miss Lyddy — Miss Ackland, I mane, there was no love lost between them.' ' Do you tell me so ?' says he ; ' why I thought she didu't care anything about him — didn't she refuse him, just when he thought he was almost sure of a favourable answer ?' ? She didn't mane it, your honour,' says I ? back again ; 'it was all along of a word she said that the captain took a wrong meanin' out of, and when she seen he was so ready to take her up wrong, she got vexed that he didn't see an' know the wish she had for him, an' so she spoke to him a little short, an' he got angry, an' went away, an' she wouldn't say a word to keep him though she felt as bad as he did, an' worse, too, maybe, but she thought he'd be back in a day or two, an' then all 'id be made right — but ochone ! that was the last she seen of him, he went away in anger, and was lost in a great storm that came on that very night.' * Anc \ wasMis^s Ack land very sorry ?' said he. ' Sorry !' says I, 'sorry, it most broke her heart, an' I think she never got over it since.' ' ' Oh Nancy !' cried Rose, ' why did you tell him that P' ; ' Well ! God help me, I didn't know what I had best say, Miss Rose, so I thought I'd tell the honest truth'' ' And I am thankful that you did,' said Miss Ackland, 'oh! very thankful— You said what you ought to say, just^ what I would have you say were I within , hear ing.' ' Well ! God bless you, Miss Lyddy, that s a comfort to me anyhow ! I'd never forgive myself, never, never, if I bad said anything that 'id grieve you to hear.' . : ' I know that, Nancy, I know if well ; but was that all that, passed ?' ' ?? ' There's very little more, Miss Lyddy. When I told the gentleman what I'm after telling' you, he save a heavy sigh, an' says he, as if talkin' to himself, ' Oh ! that Ralph had known this in time !' * Yes, your honour/ says I, ' he might be a lirin' man this day, an' himself an' mypoor dear mistress as happy as the day is long together ; but I suppose it wasn't their luck.' ' I suppose so/ says he, an' with that up he gets an' goes away, jist a, little while before you got in. . Wasn't it mighty quare, Miss Lyddy, for him to happen here in a mistake, an' get talkin' to me, an' me to see sich a likeness between him an' his brother, * that's so many, years . dead an' gone, though not knowin' the gen - tleman from Adam ? An' to happen on say in' to him the very words that you'd wish me to say to Captain Melville's brother, poor simple, ignorant body that I am. Well, sure enough, strange things does happen in this world, an' that's one-o' them!' (To be continued.) 