' j;; SUMMARYOF NEWS .^ol,cn « SouMraeelong, (yeie burnt down early 0n 'Tueidnjf morning! I he .premises contained £6000 worth of wool, fir £lBflflnT"H /b° '"'"(""'.v were insured .fho ;???' /dtugether, and it is believed the Hie is the work of nu inccudirvry- . . . . A youiig mnii Hfimej JoJm Ho8kiris. 20'years wlnP' ^®}^«ltswch; severe iiijuriea on Friday li^Hvoonti: I3nI1^ «»<! Ararat,Boilway, between Buwigor and Beaufort, by the capsizing 3ly lie died tho eame l^o Government wtixiuomor of iNew South \\\moa proece^s to Eiigluud' by the outgoing .lt(U ,u r1^'Wlt'1 'l'm Tesylts of tlie mm# observation?. \\...'..-;?;'< At the sluun fight in Sydney,,.on Saturday, a volunteer imtned Bttylis htui 'an eyo destroyed by one of the opposing force.:; .' ' .. ] ., ,"':f Mr. Robert P. jHjggins, the head teacher of . '-mU; school at Alexandra; WHS Accidentally dimviied in tho .GotUbourii rjver oh Fjidiiy Svhife out shooting ducks, lie wis in 'tho act .'of swimming towards a duck, when Mr. Thorn, of °'l..ftn,I9n). who accompanied him' on tlie expedition, noticed liiiii struggling, and suddenly disappear in 20ft. of water,- Tho body Imd not been found up till Saturday evening last.'' '? r- ,sa!ioi'i whoso name is unknown, cut his throat m the Domain, and then jumped into Jackson s Bay Sydney) on Saturday.. He was rescued, ? and is still ulivo. - has jmid £10,000 to relievo the. bydney Corporation from: its (iiiliculties, and intends to appoint a Com mission to enquire as tp t)io best inea'lis of pre venting 'future complications.' ' ' ; i,0,1 -Fi-idav^Pobriuuy 19, nt Adelaide, Charles J mxnian Hivwkeaj agod 42,'committed suicide by cujung his throat with a chisel; Jfe had had' delirium .tremens, irnti tho .verdict . of the Coroner's jury was that lie hnd committed suicide. wliHst.iii'jt 'sfiito of temporary insanity, j In December, 1873, a yopg sailor' named Ellis was given into custody by a woman of ill. /um'e/onu .charge of theft; and suffering from the effect^ of drink, and probably mortification ^t^tho position iu which ho Was placed; the unfortunate man committed suicide in one of PoJiciaf.fcbllfl, .by hanging.himself; It was stated .that Ida motjjer.hved in Taimmui&; but. the Mrs. 'LIhsj whoso bou he \vas . supposed to be, .lias- come to Adelaide', tod denietf that tlie dece/i#d. wild be.',jier son. $ho has waited upon.the police authorities,,and urged that she is -terfaiB'' that Ijo- would n^V^rliuve ccuiihutted 8i>JcJ,de jand,..., in compliance/Svitli her 'earnest request, the body .of the deceased will k ex humed to-day,' at; 10 o'olook, to see if she can recognise?.the'' Remains iii aiiy way, orVv tmy means entiei'y lier*j'pjf whether or not tho stato ments made as to the1 relationship of the suicido were correct. M.rs, ; E}lis, ^tatoa that her sou had a bruise ou Iiis head which5 would bo visible ?>' f!i(? sk«ll; tfherwiie itseems hardly Jikely ? that; she ;'£6nld. ideAtjfy; the remains afteftiiey '. have Ueen/iuUhe ^uiid for 14 ' iiioii'ti/a.-l* ? Advertiscnm--*'. ???'?.>> «...". ; ? ? ? . : TheCoiermno team'beat the Merino-team'on: Saturdttyulnst: in the; matcli for tho < Murray: Olimlen^) ^up. with flfi0 iiyiia to/sparo. ? < \- . ; * Ihe (government are pushing on the survey 'orngriciilturul. lands in the. North in a moet vigorous itianner.t We hear that be't\ve'eii'2l0 itrid > 30 stirvtjy parties (ire iiow at work in thW: part' of'the cmitry!^Advcttisei\ ir;"' . Mr. Foreter, tho'New South Walei TWasurer,. hasbepn Vb-electedi- ' ..:...?'. .....:..? .. '..? r< n v1'0 ,pllfc 0I1'Monday evening in the, Catholic, Book Depot, Yarra- street, Geolong,' : and' - consumed ; two' woatherboard buildings,1 doing damage amounting to £150. } A woniau who was 'living witli the Chinese at Ballavat Ija.s l)een missing for tlie last eight days, and' there tire suspicions of foul play. /. ; - li'Ml#,. twenty-five years' Resident of Iortliiticl,,dropped down dead there on Tuesday mormng while working in n paddock, it is BUP posed.fooiii di^asp, of,tlie hqarfc. ... - . Ihe KeV; 'Father Ciiveiifigh has been appointed to . thoi CastyrtQii . district,.;and 1ms fixed; liis residence at Samlford.; 1 . > , > PJeijiOfpiieiimojiia has appeared amongst Mr. Messer sherd at Crawford, .near Hey wood, Victoria. ( . " ' . ' . , Wpn'm M'Giunislcen has been committed for , trial for stabbing his nephew Johb^M'Gitmiskeih' at Hamilton on the 12th ^ust. .. . ! A robbery of between igioijo and £1500 I worth of Jewellery wa3 perpetrated at a jeweller's shop at imierald Hill, On Monday.night, -1 In the second match foi- tlie Challenge Cup between the East and' South Melbourne Clubs, which was commenced last Saturday, East Mel j bourne went first to the wickets. and scored 173 : runs. This is considered a poor score. About ' 50()0; spectators wero present; As teji of tho plnyprq engaged in the match have . gone jo; ^ydlW P'ay »l the intercolonial, it will not; be'coiitinued till their return. , ;,' 'Ihe I'ev. Philip Bailbaeho, who has been' appointed successor to the'liev. Charles Clark,! m the Albert-street Chape], Melbourne, is ex nected to arrive! from England' per tho s.s. Northumberland about the middle of May. Three men, named Daniel Roberts, ItiehauV Barrass, and William Bullock received dreadful; injuries on Thursday, week at the York and' Durham Mine, Eaglehawk, by a fall of loose stone. It is very doubtful whether Barrass wili recover. ; In tlie telegram in our last it, was stated that the Aeiv Zealand racing mare Calumny was sold at auction for 76 guiueas. The ac.tual price was 475 guineas. Lurlme, as stated,' fetched 700 guineas. .Both are considered uheap, Hustler/ charged with the murder of his wifo at Richmond, oil the 2nd October, last by stabbing her, has beeiincmiittcd.ontho picaofiiwuiity, and will bo eonBfted during the' Governor's plen8tiro. ; The Melbourne crlaketojy loft for Sydney to play tlio second intorcolonial nmtch on Monday. ?JJw iem »ioiii!flte of Boylo,: Blnflkham, CniT. be}), Cooccr, Conway, Cosstle!^ Honin. Hast inga, . Midwijitey, Lpugipn, Slight, and W. C|aggin (emergency.) Midwinter, ftf South sMolbourne, js consiiiprod tlie best bowler.'ex cepting Allan, .In Victoria; and Hastings, of East Melbourne, tho best batsman. Tho match will be playod on the 5th, Gth, and 8th JIarch. . It is reported that in California, or rather m its sister. State, Neyada, there has been disepyercci a mass of gold and silver, arecion of. «'paltb, before ' which the wildest'stones of the Cortex b(Wd, or the most fanciful pictuiefj of tho " Arabian Nights," become <?ull, feeblo, proaaia facts of the past. In the early days of California ancl Australia weu talked of thousands of pouuda as old world folks spoke of shilliucs and we have wondered at the terrible ex' travnganco of meu who lit their pipes with £o notes, and drank only the rich and generous juice of thoigrapos ag provided bv tho widow Cliquot, Up to Jass June the total yiold from tho Cometoek lode during some 14 years wa3 200,000,000dol. Now, in one strike iii, tho Consolidated Virginia and California miups thore has been opened up a poass of bullion, silverandgold, valued at over 300,000,000dol. If it extends through the Ophir, as it appears to do, the gross value will beiiearly ^OO.OOO.OOOdol, This mine is pelling afi the rate of; 10,000dol, ner inoh front. The ore lias been cut on the 1,100 feet level, and carried down to the 1,500 feet, giving in two mines alone a bddy of Aiittddt sohd 'fiilvo?'1 and gold, measnriue 1,200 by 400 feet, Think of it and weep J 7 he Ophir wjU probably have tm equal amount., Nearly every foot of this wealtli for it is as real as if in the Bank-is owned by Sau FranciscQ. ; Flood and O'Brion, who A\\-ere five years ago raising a small bar, are now worth over. 60,000,000dol. They; own 60,000 shares iu Consolidated Virginia alone , They ha ve already .realised some 2QtQ0Q, i)Q0 dol., ni addition to vast sums made in other mines. It is fairly estimated that within three years this firm' will bo worth 100,000,000.'; At least 50 men have realised one million each by tho great find, and thero ore hundreds who have made from 100.000 dol. to400,000dol., and there is'iio eign of any break in the excitement. This wealth is not on paper-it is real, tangible money. The capital stock of the Consolidated Virginia is represented by 100,800abares at'lOOdol, each.-' Iliey are , sejljng at COOdol. eadi. , Other tomes in proportion, The percentage of gold Jn the new discovery is abQuJiJS pm, cenC., or one third of the fund. All 'tlipse Couiatock minca are deep sinkings, most of them being worked at a depth of 1,500 foat. Tho Savm tf down 2,200 feet, and is Wearing to eihk'to a depth of 6,000 feet. WOrH « . AiHho Election'-for BarossatKere Wris' v'erV heavy plumping. ; Mr,- Aligns'' obtained 288 plumpers, while Mr. Sudholz had 330. It was supposed that; Mr; Bake* iwas^safartut the plumping dropped him out. There were only 11 plumper for him. 3 .Accoraiugto tho lateat accounts to .hand the Duncan, kvdn, VC ndS,i)449 i m^e> ^228 i and nv 1M*1, illQ rest:,were nowhere. 11)8 nmjonty of members of the new House KiliWnt" Wn°f Jo occul)?8eate in t,ie last gSRsaMiLTOsss" ,,, ...KfUftieof Ship. | i- ^J£#.8imiWol Neva'1 ' ' UvMloai. rl"lni!»' ... 1880 300 : l8ftu?|jft a i \i 1840 Catai'aquj .IUj.,;-1843 Rebecca (subsequently got off) 1843 1: i » i J'f.rt."top.* : Maypole 1S50 > AT X:AW ^186ft'" M.: l:f v'li T ; *>'! 18W: 'i0:t Netlierbyi 1866-i. . o< ^uropa ... ()> m7 . Q y Armagh ,TH;W 1808 7 LoqlvLer^: .;.., vlf ..v 1:l87i x£ j,. JJtoyAuu .(.iiv.,;187l",, =0 El^beth.)V,m lUm or ") Whistler ... ,,, , m JlMl*.'; Pt q': im^r-oii Blencnhro ... .. ,,u ftg75 ; . 0 i iotal, aineteep ites8els.wdt-.8i9JivesJ i ItA^HfeW I Toubii.-A' cdri-espohdent of i\ UJjfofinnij pQi)tempo^i-y. writes,:-'«The; ftf lowing rather tough bear story was'ioldlii'ijiy hearing bv ni) old settler in Bussinfi'Kiver IpoS' We Jt f 1 gofc it'-Von tails'aljout rw * ^,iy' whf'l,1 ?i'st cfltjje to, Ro.osli.an n»!i ft vs ^.CI? plentici' than cattle is now, ana they was a little bit tjje smartest bears that l or anybody else evei<seed.' Why, do you know, there was a neighbour of jinino who had a me field of corn, and ho, also, had1 a ilne lpfc'.of Hogs. In the fall, when the corn, began to get npe, tJio bears >vo!jkl como iiito thv field arid t h- ....... ...... ran old, follow LUU1UH li J1JIU where the bears had killed any of tho.' hog's.,and ho was clean beat out, At .last, when afi of his hogs and a good deal of his coin luuV disappeared, ,ho tiiought itwas about time to investigate. So ho started out. , After hunting around for some time he foiiud a trail leading oft from'the coin fleld in the direction of .a patch of timber aboiit three miles away. ' Ke followed tlio 'Mil,; and when he got to. the timber h,o. discoveredhis hogs nicely, enclosed'in n peiti aijd the bears was a-packhi tho corn out here, mid fe'edinVifcto the ho&Vfa;^nm then) for their own eatiir for their winter meat.'" i ' ; - .> J Houaok OiiEKLEY once wrote a note to a iMil! m ii'iYoi'k» whose,.writing was oqtutlty1 illegible with his own. The recipient of the nop, not being able torend it, sent it back by : the same messenger to Mr. Greeley' for elucida. ^ be ut) answer to liis owij note Mr. Greeloy looked over it, but was like wise, unable to read it, and. said to the boy. Go-take it tack. What does the fool mean ?' : Yes. sir, said the boy--' that is just what he says,-American paper, '.> Sill WAl/mi Scow was a sportsinan nnd on onet occasion narrowly escaped death in tlmtcha* meter. 4 It was in Atigiist of 1828, when ho, was^eujoynif.' a pleasant day's'sport iii the Woods1 m 1}ri0^ a11^ ft'.01l8 tiio , flat borders of the lweed. Ono of his guest's guns, being crowd carelessly, butt foremost, got entangled with tho brushwood, and went olF full iii the face of the great novehst,' whose hat the bullet bnotrated I quickly picking up Whichj Sir Walter pointed to a hole in the brim, said good-humburedly,' 'Mr. "-y°u have nearly, done what all the re viewers and critics of the liteiaVy world could not eiteet-put an end to the Wnverley Novels.' A Piotubk NOT Soqn . FoiiGorrEN.-An Arizona editor desoibes a wedding-party in that territory ns follows The brkfu in white-tho happy groom-the solemn niinistor-rtlio siiiilin" parents-and froru -2$ to'40 e-hot-guna etunding against the wall ready for .use-make up a panorama not soon forgotten,1 QUITO Natuhal,-Visiting ono of tho then tres at Lastev-time, a country man found, oii looking carefully at his playbill, after tho 'cou. elusion' of tho first act, that three months clap, sed before the commencement of the second. njorrow, so that ye see I can't manage to" stop for your,second act." Touciiinq I)isArpoiKTJtnNT.~This is a Strange story, not to bo used in Sunday school : -A\i Albany man, out of work and nearly starving, turned for comfort in his extremity to, his sainted mother's Bible, for the firafc time sil!?e, ,'iei' 4eatl* i'1 1867. To his sui prise and uehght, ho found a 10dpi. bill between the leaves, and immediately fell on his knees for the first time siuco 1810. With a light heart and glittering eye he prayerfully started for the baker's, to obtain a loaf of bread. There he found the bill was counterfeit, when he gu'oro bitterly, for tho first time iu Huon lioui ^ -- ^ ^ v \- -- It--/. ^ ^ -c. ~ ,--J f - - ~^fjTTlTTS'Si Ci11obT STOltY .-A11 Irish ghost story has generally something to do with tho banshee, or death warner, but n'supernatural incident winch is said to have occurred in the ft'ihl^i of IveiTy the other day is sufficiently thrilling, although tl)o flppnritjpn cppcerned had no hereditary.standing. 'It seems that a woman residing in Glenflesk received a call from the spirit of her husband, "a man of the fnrming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and-gloves. _ The farmer in white gloves,1 stated that since hjs death, some months back, although lie ought to be m heaven, ho Ayas detained else where on account of owing a sum of £15 to friends of his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith handed hun ;610, and promised to bring him the rest in a few days if lie came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest .the circumstances of the case, and this 'gentleman acted very dif ferently from the clerical monitor of Micky ? , ?! i!'10 "my be remembered by the readers of Charles O'Malley." When the ghost in comploto burial costumo arrived for tho bank note, he was' at onco received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to' be a mero pretender, playing a part, who will Jiave to answer for his misconduct before a' magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in wliich this rogue tried toimpose on the1; Simple widow. TJio shroud, tho stockings, and. above all, the gloves, were at once recognised by the poor woman as tho' most fitting garments for her husband, as they were the last in which she had seen hira. - If he . had presented himself in the more' questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys she 'might have wondered . how lie contrived to pro-: cure a chauge of working clothes, Jlere is a hint for!spiritualists who have some'-fllfficulty in' reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly phap. torn?. : Tjio Gjpiiflesk ghost lias not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to clmniel pro, perties ought to be a lesson to'those *ylio repro. sent spirits iu shooting coats or walking dresses * A CoNTKSTfi,D. Fabjikb, -Mr.' Baisbeck,' ft' centleman well known i/i Stockton, when riding to Kedcar and back came up to a Cleveland fanner, , Vho was very busy in the harvest field. Biding. np to him, Mr. Baisbfeck a'ddresied jiim iluis : ; Fine harvest weather I" Herepliodi "Grand."; .. of-Inboiu' So Jepli«l,'/''JPionty.'" fr««vv ««VH4 V| iV8 uowVi A NEW INSECT Eussian papera complain that their winter sowings arc beginning to be1 devastated by a uewly-disoovered insect, a' worm of the green color of grass, which covers the fields in myriads, and/ not content with eating up the blade, follows the Btem underground ftnd devours the root, so that actually nothing remains of the whole crop; Tho worm has first made its ftppearanoenoar> NovochopcvaUa, in the government of Voro-; nesch, hut the. plague is spreading, and neither tho farmers nor the authorities know how to meet it, The authorities have, however, given stringent orders to prevent it from spreading further, if possible, Even tho intense cola o£ tho last faw weeks haa caused uo interruption or abatemeabin. the ravages ol the worm, whioh the temperature dues not seem to affect 'iurthk- slightest degree, a. ?? .> ;iija)'ni<:' ; ? Sr^Et AnT^oiiKs.-Dusting Rrtioles of.ate?^ after they ? have, been thprouglilv. gleaned, vwHIi, uuslackca lime,' will preserve them -from rujst, Tho coils of piano wires thus sprinkled will keep from rust, many years. : Table knives which are not.in.constant use Ought to he put in a: case in1 which sifted quicklime is. placed i about eight inches deep. They slioujd be. plunged: to the top of tlieblades,;but the lime sh^ld,not;touch , the limidles, \- Woman's. Riotim-Jjolly Plug's; maxims,' are nOwtlie geiieVal theme of cohVereation, ,They\ may be summed ujp as' folloSrs':~rl. Every liinii ' is bad to the core; especially the married; ones." 2\. Married men habitually deceive tyid' ill-use their wives.- 3/ A woman to en8uro>;pel'fedt: happiness shouldmever marry, ?: 4. Woman, be'! : ingtho superior animal, should assertjher posj-' tion, and get rid of the brute portion-oi the creation,, which (ttjiiescnt lordsltoY^vfdl,-5.\ AH rpaifj children should at once be, ,'pufpiit of the Way, to save future misery and trouble,.. Q. -Men beiiig cowards, have not- tjhe cotyftge to take tljo cliair at a woman's right meetiui, ancf' therefore require to be speedily disposed of; In. view of tho abovo, we fancy that Mr; Golblougli' must have had a happy time of W^Mellourni Pvnchi :? .. THE Kh\QJI1» Iio«sE9i-wIn his- interesting1 volume! '.G^jnpaieuiug on the- Oxug/: Mr. MacGuhan spejikaln liigh praise of ; the Kivgliis breed of horses,. whose qimlifciea, lie p.ijfc to the severest tesV i\i travelling ovev the Kyail-Kum desert, They >11 hav?, either )ty nature or. training) the gait called the,amble, which Jh'ey;' will sustain the whole day through, getting over the ground with astonishing rapidity,! They will travel at'the rale of fifty inilea n'dnyfor a month together, subsisting upon 'the scanty herbage growing in a desert'icountry, with an occasional, handful of barley, Thoyaro never' groomed, nor are lliey siabledj saYe in the very "? Coldest weather, arid are rarely;treated-'.to grain, In. winter, if their,owners have hay, .it is fed.to them 'in a light measure ; if.there be ho^-the snow, .is cleared from the ground,'ajid th?y;piok, ( up what they can, along with t)ie sheep and cat* tie. \ In summer their fare is that of'tlie camels -tho dsy, sparse pasturage of tho deserts.' The ' result of this treatment Ss d small, hardy'race of horses, surpuestug all.otheva 'in the world in; powers of endurance. They will live wherever' a camel cni.i,, and will travel as.; far without writer,1 but canhot'do without it as many aays. In speed and size they are inferior to the famollS Turcoman horses, which are remarkably fleet and spirited. >- "? FADED sii/ks may be renovated by sponging them with soft water and soap ; then rub them with a dry cloth on a fiat board j!ahd-afWrwaVdi iron them on the inside with a smoothing irohi Old black silks-may . be improved by sponging) them with spirits.; In this case tho ironing may bo done on the right side*, thin paper: b^ing spread over, ^'prevent'glazing,;, , 7f i,t. 1 THE OLD Maid's BAEOfMp'iii;u.T-At,thei age I of 15.: anxioua for coming out,,and the attentions ::of the othersex; 16.: begins to hpve some idea of | the tender passion : 11: talks of 1qv<j iu thecof; j tage, and disinterested affections; 1 8 i.fancieslie^ | self in IOYO with somo haiidsdme man who litis | flattered her j 10 : is a little more diffident on i | account of being noticed ; 20: commences being fashiouablb j 21: still more confident in Iter own , attractions, and expects a brilliant establish ment j 22 : refuses a good offer, because he is J not a man of. fashion ; 23: flirts with every young man she . meets j 24 ; wonders she is fnotJ .married;"Mi .rather more ?cb^uidspstfllirlfbn conduct; 26; begins, to think a Itirge fortune.: not quite so indispensible:' 27 : Tpref^rs. tlie. company of rational men' to flirting; 28 ". wishes to be married in a quiet way, with.fi comfortable !iucome:j' 29 : almost despairs' of-eiiteringtjie ;married state ; 30 : rather fearful of being'called'' an-f'.old maid ;" 31 r an'additional love »f dress; 82 : professes to dislike balls; fludsiit difficult to get :good uartners ; 33: wond^t's how men can, lejive tlie society. of sensible women to. flirt with, a fpqlish girl j 34 : affe«|s" good: liumour iu nor conversation with ineflj 35 : jealous of the, praise of womou j. 36 : quarrels with her friend who is lately married | 31; thinks: herself slighted in society ; 38 : hkesloi talk of her'acquaintances who are ijiarried lin-/ fortunately ; 09 : ill-nature increases; 40 : V(?Fy meddling and officious ; 41: if rich, as a dcrnM resort makes love to a young- mrm without tune ;. 42 : not succeeding, rails against mwi« kind ; 43: partiality for. curds,- aud scanqal commences; 44 : severe against the manuera^of the ago; 45 : strong predilection for a clergy: man; 46: enraged at his desertion^; 47: be comes despondent, and takes to tfia'j;48 ! tuiiis nil sensibility to cuts and dogs-j 40 ': adopt! n dependent relation to attend Upon, herifellne apd canine nursery. -.V-rrj/lftr "Go TO JEi!ioiio."-~Tha.:;following :e4ly use of the expression " Go to: Jericho," has, we believe, pover been hitherto noticed , " If tho Upper House and theXqw«X* House Wero in a ship,tpge.ther,iw' And al{ fho fiasa cppi^iitteea... s ,,,! ; 'i'liey wero'iii flribthei',,.., . ? t And both tho ships wove'bottomleaso, ' i '"; Ami snylhig on the mayne~ Isithm all go to Jericho,' 1 \ ! And ne'ev be seen tigalne,".' ' ! ' These verses occur in the Mcrcurius Aulicus tor March 23-30, 1048, the well-known Royalist paper of the time. ?' S|}n;3 QF >V4fi.-Thg ^fti of shipbuilding i was first invented by the ^gyptjans ; |ho 'first ship (probably a galley) peinjpbrought from Egypt by Darius, 1485 B.C. The fjrst ship of 800 tons was built in England; ;!1B09.; Tho first double-decked one built in Eng land was of 1000 tona burthen, by order, of Henery VII,,: slio hud three, iu^ats, carried 80 guns, mcaanrod 138 feet; in length aud i 36 in bread%; it post #14,000, and was called the Great Harry. 'Down tq the: year 1545, tho "Great Harry".whs the only ship of that description in the BritiBh;l?ieet, ,Sho was accidentally burnt at Wpolwioh ih her sixty-fifth year; beforo this, 24 gim-sbips wero tho largest in our navy! " Porfctboles, aud other improvements, were first invented by Descbargea, a Frenoh/ builder at Brest, in the reign of Louis XII.,1500.' '; HORSE POWER.-This term, Used ae the name of the measure of power, is ai 'ex pression wliioh had its origin in convenience. In its first application no, great nicety was .necessary; but as tho value: of ineohanio^l. power became better understood, an exaot,' measure, nearly coinciding with the power of a horse, and uniformity in the practice of; engineers, became desirable. Mr. Watt has .fixed tho elementary borse :power at l,920,0001b( raised one foot per hour, or 32,0001b. raised onefoot per minute, or 5331b, raised one foot por second. 'Mr; "Wattfurther assigned a proportion for the; low-pressure steftm engine, equivalent to « horse's power, which is 55 times the square of , the diameter of the cylinder, in inches, multiplied by the velocity of tho pistou, six feet per . minute,. aud the product-divided by 32,000, the result is the number of the horsq's power, The advantage of Steam power is apparent }, the horse can work at that rate ouly eight hours; tho ongin^.uiay be kept, at work as wanted, , . i < ADMTRABiyF, Crtouto^.-This most exi. traordinary man derived his ' appellation from. his, numerous aud wonderful endow mentis. He lived in the time- of James I. Hespoke fiuehtly q^ery known language;, he was,,versed- ill every ? science, and skilled iu every accomplishment. He challenged to disputation the whole College of CardinalB, ana aluic^t every public and learned body, in Europe,, and bore pff the palm! The Duke pf Man^ .wapvhie patron, aud ap pointed him preceptor to hia son, who, envi ous of Ms merits, waylaid (with some othera) and mortally wounded him. He, however, as well as the other assassins, paid with tl&ir; lives the forfeit of their temerity," Uriohtou killing every un« of thenii :Mb. Spujigeon oh Pbeaohing .-The .-fifth quarterly Conference of Christian Workers, whose central; office 3s at Mildinay Park, has [ been held in the Metropolitan Tabernaole, New ington Butts. " Christian Workers" is the i name given to an alliance of pastors and preach ! era engaged in various ways in the promotion of the duties implied in their title. Mr. Spurgeon ? gave .an Rddress on the subject presoribea for the occasion, " What to preaoh'and how." The .former part of the question, ho said, addressed Itself more particularly to older preachers, while How to preach" was the question which per plexed wgmxms, Younff preachers thought too jnuoh of ' How to pvoacu," Older preachors thought, perhaps, too little of that, and too tnuch of the other, Now, it was possiblo to got too eatoless, Thero should not merely be the right'' food, (but it should bo rightly cooked, Truth was the main tiling,: but the preparation anddeJlvery had far more to do with it tnau was generally supposed.- If a man were uncertain what/to pren^n he had better not preach' at all. thing,would be for him to wait until ,l? did know some elementary truth of whichhe was sure, ;for-' ifc would; be a pity for him to,! proven as soul-saving truth that which might be . error^fter all.' As pastors, their range, was as i t1 if the^Yord God- Many congregations,; he believed,'" thought their ' ministers were hot sincere because they talked in such a winning fay. They would never get the working classes to them: uniels they spoke naturally, ' ! PREVENTION of ISm-SICKNESS,-Dr, ujpildeB ling published in the last-number of tho; Jqu\mfd ,de. Wierapmtiqua an- account , of the meaps py^vjiiqh heavoidedseu'-sicknessiduring, two Phages,Jo Knglantl.and.bqok., Hp at Boulogne ln§t Juno cii routo for, London,!.when the WeatlieiMVus^o vough, tjiat mnnv, intjmdmjz pn&engett; hesitated to cross the Channel, Pjy Giraldes ? was informed ' by '. a'' colleague' nt!, Bottlogne^lltal,JA1ii^eSn'>li^sfe8'-;ii8iBd;' the syrup of chloral as a preventive ofsea-sickuessr with successful'Tefiultfl. He therefore Obtained some syrup bf clilotal,' put himself into a quiet corner, olid took his syrup diroctly tlio vessel' was, in luohpn,. when, although-his fellowpBsseU' gerf,. espeuenced the visual unpleasant eonee qHfJiceSt lie arrived at Folkestone without laying suffered. tlje, leapt' inconvenience; The stupe results _ were obtained on the return voyage but lie increased the amount of chloral, . He had agai.ti occasion1 to cross the Clianhel ttt the'ehd' of September, by the night boat ;fronrCalais 'to' Dover, and 'thinking with reason that; 'the sea1' would Ibe rougher at that season than' usual; he hdd a draught made up composed of chloral; 8 grammes ; (45 grains); distilled water, 50i grammes j gooseberry syrup, 60 grammes j and?:' Irench essqncp of peppermint, 2 drops< He took- half of t.ho draught as ,the vessel left tli©. ; harbour, and arrived at Dover, without having,, suffered in the least from, sea-sickness,' whilei; ma cotopanious'were in the u^ual sonditiotf of pros trate misery,1, V" i'-y ' n/ ' $msus of !871-753," ,'saya il)e Atfmccniii,; " seems'to be likfely to prove t*ol' I greater comparative importunce'tban was 6Spec ; fed, -Ethnologists and gebgrnphers -will bet es-' pecially ooliieriied to.leani that- one of the pet .theories ot most of tlieir number is likely' to be upset. To state the matter loughlyMvhat' if India and not Cliina, bo found to bo the most populous country pu, the globe P Tlie authoritjes pf tho India - Uffice have ascertained, from a jcareful examination of the whole of the results /of the late, Indian Census, that the population \of India ,ls. npt less tiwu 888,000,000.. \ But: ,they>;ar,e of opinion that jf it were possible to ipbtain a perfectly accurate census of the inhabj-, t&hts; of the whole of t|ie Protected Statop oj'tM hill mid forest tribes, and. of the trih'es" of tho eastern frontier and tho Sub-Himalayas, tlte total population1 of our Indian Empire would actually amount to not less than 300,000,000.1 It'will be remembered that, a few years ago, the ' ouo hundred: and eighty millions of our Indiau subjects,' used to be spoken of, and latterly this has given place to the more liberal estimate, of 'two hunted millions,' v^nd now, it appears that we must talk of two hundred and eighty millions at least, .when .we.'speak of the, .popula tion cif India; ia wo wish to be even approximate ly accurate. A few years ago it used to'be stated that'the population Of China amounted to 500,000,000. At tlio present time it is gene ; rally reckoned at 400,000. But there has been ,no Gen8i|&'o£-Cl»ii)0)"iU'4il-tliero> has beeu-of^th^ greater part of India. Indeed there- are majiy reasons for the growing opinion bf some that; ? after all, tho population of Chiua'may be found not to amount to more than 300,000^000.',';; : : 1 Tills Mikku's, Dono<-Yo never kuowed that dorg, Jimi-riiisortor yajlah liouud ? Hoawarnlt. no slouch .when; jfjghtju' iwar mound ,1 " - He didn't take long to pealfiis teeth, and, ipake cpnsider-. nblo littei j f " The way he wragtled, fit, and clawed improved a hurtful'critter, Neow/pijrty soon thai- Avarn't no dorg about that claim, but. Jij/n, on''though he cotildii't curee an' drinlc,;'we' ?it.qtefl on himV Jim; = But arter. tlmt lief lay mid' ;ij}®ned^it btisted mo right up. Says I, '"Tliat .ppast- must;have n muss, or' he's: a <dog^goued ?^Jivp V,v; .J? WyiPai-dsi" days I, M I . qufit ;tho Wi)c,ii;j. iCtouge, siokens the sfork I "? liYer 'ought^ter heovd my pateiiers weep j they doted von tho dorg, (Ho, had a accident. did Gouge. Yeiv never, knowe^d liini.;' «Jim P gho 1,1 feel, iv kinder -clioktii' Mhinkin' about, him. - He seed a circus elephant; a-liobblin' iabout, mi' when tlio cuss warn t lookin' ho grabbed liim by the snout/ That olumsy.. critter put Iii's-foot'too suddhit on the igrquud, an' spread that dorg like pu,mpkin SQSii oi):l^ square: yards arpund 1 ! ? How:Pro TRAIN Girl3.-In the, training of a little ritl great naing/'should' be taken to dis cover what special gift or talent'she has, if any; and, whatever he): circumstances, to fit her for .its use, . Even putting the: money value; ,of such .art.or acoomplishment out of the nuostipu, ?aid' ns a reeourpo ppd ptrengtlienpr |8 iiicalcHl». Rblp.' Piwppoiutment mid grief oome. more easily to women thfm men, They abide'.with them linger and enp wore of thoir llfe away, .simply bwiuiso they neod the toiiio of hard, on-, joyable work-not the mero drudgery or the: bread-winner.-but the toil of the artist; Neither pride nor philosophy can glvo the new vitality ' which suon work bestows :on the faithful votary. It repairs bodily and mental forces like pt^-p itself-slo^ly, }![}ppfppptibly, gwely. T}ie^the^ Plld piflthervylfp Can %d intheivdaughtor-svicU power, and give to her the fpeaup qf using, may comit themselves happy, and her the inheritor ,of aroyal heritage. . 