Christian Dogma : HOW FAR AFFECTED BY MODERN HOSTILE CRITICISM. Collections of contemporary letters are always considered the most valuable materials of history, and of all sources of the knowledge of 'the dogmas of a religion, the letters of its lead- ers to its followers for directions are most cer- tain: Now we have this great advantage in the New 'Testament. 'If we admitted that St. John's Gospel came as late as the second century, yet it is certain St. Paul died before 68, a. d. He is said by Jerome and Eusebius, to have suffered death under Nero, and Galba succeeded Nero in 68, and he has left us several letters written to Churches, and to 'members and ministers of them, all.referriiig to their Christian belief, and speaking of it is already fixed and commonly acknowledged among them as essential. Of ten of these letters of St. Paul, Reitan, in his " Apostles," has very little doubt about two, those to the Ephesians and Colossians — and ad- mite the genuineness of eight — namely the Epistles to the Romans, two to the Corinthians, and that to the Galatians, two to the Thessa- lonians, one to Philemon, and one to the Philippians. Of these we take four whose genuineness has not and cannot be seriously questioned— and the latest of these four, dates certainly within 28 tyears at farthest from the date.of the alleged resurrection. of Christ. They were written while he was yet at liberty,, and before the date at which, in the Acts of the Apostles, we are told Porcius Festus came to Felix. Now that event happened about ; the year 60- Paul had then been two years in prison, which will give us 58 as the very latest date for any of these Epistles. If you consider what 28 years are, you will perceive that, 28 ; years do not allow space , for myths and superstitions to become solidified into settled 'dogmas, nor for floating rumours to be relied on as facts sufficient to found such a religion as revolutionizes a world. What has occurred 23 years, ago of a striking nature, men of fifty remember as well as. the events of a year since. ' Take now, for simplicity, one of these un- doubted letters, the first epistle to the Corinth- ians. We, find the Apostle St. Paul, about a quarter of, a century after the events, writing about dogmas— not newly propagating litem,. but talking of things long taken as settled truths, and so far beyond contradiction that they are made the reason for other truths to be settled. I Corinthians xv. — " Moreover, . brethren, . I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand ; by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For, I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried, and that He rose again the third day, according to the '' Scriptures, and that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve : after that He was seen of about 500 brethren at once, of whom, the greater part remain, until, this day, but some are fallen asleep ; last of all, He was seen of me also, as of one 'born out of due time, " &c.; ; and again, "Now, if Christ be preached that He rose from the dead, how say among you that there is no resurrection of the. dead; but if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen ; and if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith also is vain. Ye are yet in your sins:" Now, the whole of the dogmas of Christianity are enunciated in those epistles, and with this specimen before us nobody will venture to deny that they are so plain and clear that he who runs may read. Let us, for simplicity, confine ourselves to these. . Twenty-five years after Christ enemies of St. Paul were trying to injure his influence at Corinth, and denying the resur rection of the body. He appeals to long-known and settled dogmas which already were in disputable— that Christ died for our sins, was buried, and rose again from the dead on the third day. He asserted what all men knew — what he had often before spoken of— that the majority of 500 brethren then alive had seen Christ after his resurrection— and this to scepti- cal critics who denied the resurrection of the dead. This same Paul was at first an unbeliever and persecutor. He tells us how he was con verted by seeing Christ. This one epistle then clearly certifies to us that the Christian dogmas were and had long been already received up to the 28th year after Christ's resurrection. Take now the second epistle to the Corinthians, .which is also ac- knowledged to be genuine ; see what it inci- dentally informs us in 2 Cor. xii. He recalls a circumstance which happened to' him, whether in the body or out of the body he could not tell ; but such an event as in its nature could only happen to him either, as the means of his conversion or afterwards when already a Chris tian. In fact, he says he was then " in Christ:" He was caught up to the third heaven— to Para dise; find heard abundant unutterable revela tions, and yet this happened, he said, so long as 14 years before. 14 from 28, this brings his acquaintance with Christian dogma up to within 14 years, at furthest, of the Resurrection— probably, much nearer. Then, in Gal. i. and ii., he speaks of going up to Jerusalem to see Peter three years after his conversion. 14 years after- wards again with Barnabas, which will bring us to within 10 years of the Resurrection. The dogmas' were everywhere at these early dates universal in tho Churches, nor did 'they differ because of the particular apostle who planted the faith, nor of the peculiarities of the people or region in which Christians lived. Take for example the Epistle to the 'Romans. It is written to a Church not planted by St. Paul— he had never been there. There were a large number of Christians there, and there had been a Chris tian Church there for many years. He says he " had for many years a desire to visit them, and was let hitherto." Take the " many 7 years " out of the twenty eight, and how early do we find the Christian dogmas settled ? " For we find he takes for granted they held' precisely' the same doctrines which he held himself, and which he wrote to the Corinthians and Galatians, as their apostle. They also already believed at Rome, as the others did in Greece and Asia, that Christ was crucified, that He was buried, that He rose, that salvation was to he had by that death and resurrection, that He sat again at God's right hand, and would come again in glory to judge, that He gave them the Holy Spirit from Heaven, the spirit of adoption— the pledge of their sonship— acceptance with God. St. Paul did not profess to teach them these things so as to originate belief in them. He writes as if they knew it all before — many years before'— and that there was no dispute about it. So let the Gospels be as late as you please, here are the same dogmas received implicitly everywhere, founded on the very saine events recorded in these Gospels by St. Paul, an un believer converted within six years of Christ — a contemporary of Christ Himself, and one, who speaks of those who were in Christ before him — by the Corinthians, Galatians, Romans. Shall we add the Thessalonians, Ephesians, Colossians, Cretans? How then could any sharp criticism of the framework of the Gospels, or guesses at their dates, or speculation as to the manner, in which they were drawn up, or theories as to their authorship, touch in the slightest degree the dogmas so plainly proved to be characteristic of Christianity ? But it seems that the hostile critic likes St. Paul's dogmas of Christianity still less than the four Evangelists. For not only does St. Paul re-assert all the significant mysterious facts of the Gospels concerning Christ, but he argues from them, and enforces, them, and systematises the doctrines which depend on them, in a manner terribly real and trenchant. Tho critics evidently having relegated the Evangelists to later dates, or perhaps to the mythical regions of fable, have gone further and fared worse ; for here is Paul, a contemporary of Christ, a trusted agent of the Sanhedrim, well acquainted with the events. Something must be done to silence Paul ; and, as he cannot well be relegated to a later date— and there is no time at all allowable for the growth of a myth- — the resource of despair is this : " Paul, on his conversion, in troduced a new Gospel of his own, differing materially from Christ's Gospel," and when we mildly ask where then are we to find Christ's Gospel so as to compare, they answer, in the Evangelists' account of his teaching— the sermon on the mount, &c.; So after all we have back again what we were called upon to repudiate— the Gospels— better bring them back than be overwhelmed by the overwhelming logic of St. Paul. These worthies are like Herod the Sadducee. He did not believe in resurrection nor spirit ; but in his alarm about Jesus he for- got his theory, and said, " It is John Baptist whom I beheaded ; he is risen." Now, look at the absurdity that lies in the face of this supposition, for which there is not the most remote pretence of a reason. Saul, of Tarsus, had been a persecutor of the Christians ; when he was converted, they feared to receive him; their own doctrines were so fixed that they willingly suffered imprisonment and death in their behalf, and yet they allowed Paul, the new, suspected convert, lately a fierce enemy, to dictate to them a new Gospel and a new Christianity ; and although the companions of Christ, James, Cephas, and John — who seemed to be pillars, in conference with Him, added nothing to His, but left us their sayings and writings, in which not so much as a word is breathed about any difference, — on the contrary, the same doctrines are maintained by all; and when one of these, St. Peter, does refer to his beloved brother Paul, in whose epistles there were some things hard to be understood, he nevertheless refers to them as agreeing with and substantiating what he was himself writing. The passage is one of those which, if an ortho dox Christian quoted, would be immediately re jected by the critic as belonging to St, Peter's second epistle, about whose genuineness he has doubts ; but the same critic does not scruple to quote it himself, hoping to throw discredit on St. Paul, by the supposed witness of an original apostle. Well, then let us have it all. "Where fore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of Him in peace, without spot and blameless, and account that the long-suffering of God is salva tion, even as our beloved brother Paul, also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you, as also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also, the other Scriptures unto their own destruction." Clearly this writer agrees that all Paul's epistles spoke of these very things of which St. Peter spoke, and that with heaven-sent wisdom : and the wresting of them was destruction. But what is it which is supposed to be in St. Paul different from the teaching of Christ as re corded in the Gospel ? "Oh! Christ," we are told "taught the Fatherhood of God— as in the Lord's Prayer." Certainly, and this is, precisely what Paul teaches more in detail. " Because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His son into your hearts, whereby ye cry 'Abba, Father.' "— Gal. iv. 6. " Ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear ; but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry ' Abba. Father ' Rom. viii. . " I will be a father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters."— 2 Cor. vi. 8.; &c.; But surely Christ taught something more than this, and we must not wonder if St. Paul taught more, too. In teaching this, I cannot, with the utmost search, find anything even apparently differing— except in expansion and application from what Christ is recorded to have taught. I am thrown upon the keener percep tions of the critics, and I find them succintly alleged in a pamphlet lately lent me by a neighbour, one which has done its duty no doubt among the simple who believe every word, dealing tremendously in assertion, but putting nothing to the proof. The following are the new dogmas alleged to be introduced by Paul contrary to the Gospel of Christ : — Original sin, the Atonement, the Deity of Jesus, the Trinity, Predestination, Justification by Faith; and other mischievous doctrines. Of course I cannot pretend to enter into all these subjects minutely here, but I can say sufficient to indicate the audacious falsehood in volved. 1\. St Paul mentions the Trinity in his bene diction— "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship 'of the Holy Ghost, be with you. " Christ equally men tions it in his commission to baptize "in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost."- Surely there is no difference. 2\. Paul does not use the term "original sin," but preaches, and writes on the supposition that all have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and require to be saved. So also does Christ. His very name a Saviour implies that the world was sinful. " I came to seek and to save that which -was lost," and the Spirit He promised was " to reprove or convince the world of sin." .3- Whatever St. Paul says of Predestination is not a change from that what our Saviour says —"Many be called, but few chosen." "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." "I have ordained you that ye should bring forth fruit." . "Come, ye blessed children of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." What ever explanation suffices for those expressions of Christ will equally apply to St. Paul. I do not lecture to-night on so deep a subject, but it is clear St. Paul and Christ do not differ. 4\. Justification by Faith is indeed amplified by Paul, and argued out, but it is emphatically asserted by the Lord in numberless places. "If ye believe not in me ye are yet in your sins," John viii. 24. "Whosoever believeth, in Him hath everlasting life." Belief or faith is in these and a hundred placeB made by Christ the criterion. Where, then is the diversity ? 5\. The Godhead of Christ is certainly not more emphatically claimed by St. Paul than by the Master Himself. He begins in the very sermon on the Mount by his own mere word, "I say unto you," to revoke and even reverse ordinances which were held/to have been dictated by God. He forgives, sins directly by his own power. He says He is to be the Judge of all men and nations, and in that judgment to know and weigh their motives and actions- attributes of omnipotence which nothing less than God could sustain. He says, " I and the Father are 'one thing.'," Uyon being asked by Philip, "Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us." He answered, " Hast thou been so long time with me, and hast tlxou not known me, Philip. He who hath seen me hath seen the Father, and how sayest thou show us the Father." He also claimed power to raise Him self from the dead. St. Paul does not certainly speak more emphatically of the Godhead of Christ than this. He plainly teaches the same thing; nor is his undoubted testimony to Christ's Godhead (Philippians ii.) more emphatic than Christ's acceptance of that ejaculation of Thomas — " My Lord and my God." 6\. But, of course, the great offence is the Atonementanything to disparage that. Tho old Jewish stumbling-block, and Greek folly- still an offence to the unbeliever, and to those who believe the power of God and the wisdom of God.. It is wonderful what enmity assails the supreme act of the most profound mercy and love ever yet accomplished in Heaven or earth and with what astonishing fidelity that old cry of, the scoffers at Calvary, is re-echoed to-day, "Let him. come down from the cross and we will believe him." Well, St. Paul makes.it so clear that the atonement is the very foundation of his Gospel, that the only way of avoiding it is this pretence that he added it, and Christ did hot teach it. Well, we do not expect to find- so much about atonement in bur Lord's discourses before He had atoned, but surely we can attach no other meaning to his acceptance of the title, " Lamb of God who taketh away the sins of the world ;" to his saying ho would " Lay down his life for his friends ;" to his giving the cup of wine at the last supper with the words, "This is my blood of the New Covenant, which is shed for you, and for many, for the remission of sins." Blood shed for remission of sins is surely an atonement. So likewise not only St. Paul, but St. Peter, and St. John, everywhere, "Who His own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree— by whose stripes ye are healed." There is indeed a grand objection to the Christian dogmas as detailed in the New Testa- ment which is not founded on what is properly called Biblical criticism, but assumes the name, it is really an a priori assumption for the purpose of stopping all criticism and all inquiry. The leading Christian dogmas, for instance, are the incarnation of God in Christ, tho atonement for sin by the death of Jesus, the resurrection of Christ and that of his disciples from the dead, the ascension of Christ and the gift of the Holy Spirit, the final judgment, &c.; All are disposed of by the simple excision of everything miracu lous, prior to all evidence. This thing is miraculous, therefore it is merely my thical ; and so the whole of the Gospels and Epistles are set aside. Now it does appear to me an utterly un reasonable thing to sit down to question a religion whether or not it is divine, and begin by taking for granted that nothing divine can possibly be, and that if any marks of divinity appear, it must prove self refuted. It is suffi ciently amusing to read the whole treatises about miracles by which Deists, amuse them selves very much to their own satisfaction and to little profit. The favourite plan is this— a miracle say they is a suspension of the laws of nature ; but as God governs the universe by fixed laws, there can be no suspension of those laws Hume's celebrated syllogism was based on this idea when he said that the truth of the Christian miracles depended on evidence, but that no amount of evidence could prove them, since evidence was more likely to be false than miracles to be true. This and scores of books on miracles have taken for granted this definition of a miracle as "a suspension of the laws of nature." Now, I apply to this defini tion as an objection to Christianity the same principle which I have applied all through this lecture; Has the New Testament anywhere stated that a miracle suspends any law? If it does not, why saddle Christian doctrine with the responsibility of the philosopher's mistake? Our Saviour is said to have done many wonder ful works. He said of Himself, "He did among them the works which no other did ;" and, when the greatest wonder of all was per formed, His resurrection, nothing is said of it to imply any suspension of any law, but simply the fact that He did arise ; and this became the centre dogma of the faith of His disciples. What if no law was suspended ? Was it less a miracle; The laws of nature were at onetime pronounced antagonistic to the passage of a steam-vessel across the Atlantic ; and a man would be pronounced insane who proposed to send messages aloug wires over the circumference of the globe and under the sea; Whatimakes us now believe these things to be quite natural ? Simply superior knowledge of, the laws of nature. Superior knowledge still would doubt less show us "tho law within the law " not yet discovered, which was used, in the wondere which arrested the attention of the early disciples when Christ worked and rose from the dead. Unless a man is arrogant enough . to profess to know all the laws of the whole uni verse he has no right to judge any wonder -as contrary to law — he has no right to exclude it from this simple test. Have we sufficient evidence to prove that it really occurred;? ; If tire evidence is sufficient a priori objections are futile.. To those five hundred who saw. Christ alive after He had been crucified it would-, have been but a foolish argument to advance—'-' It could not have been — the' resurrection of; lone dead would suspend the laws of nature the simple reply of hundreds,— " I saw . and 1 con versed with Him" — would. refute the - objection on the moment. To be continued. " """ 1 - . ' " :7 -'iOci'Vl. 