TREES AND AcN.--Wherever trees and shrubs are planted, their roots serve to retain the rain that falls upon the ground about them. It is not by any mpans incredible, therefore, that streams should be found in a hundred places where there would be none butfor the planting of trees. Hollows, from which all the rainfall would soon be evapor ated while they are destitute of vegetation, may be made, in consequence of the shade above and the roots below, to retain pools and even small streams of water from one rainfall to another. The bright pictures which the lively style of the French marquis may present to the imagination, of woods and streams "created by the art of Dr. Mueller, may be found to be in some par ticulars inaccurate. But thereis no room to doubt of the substantial truth, that-by dis tributing shrubs and trees from the nurseries under his management, by diffusing informa tion as to tIe advantages to be derived from them, and by stimulating settlers and land owners in various parts of the' country to avail themselves of such means of improving their property, he has done incalculable good. The clearing off of the forests has a tendenoy to inorease the chief defect in our olimate-its aridity. And while the progress of pastoral and agricnltural enterprise, with all their bonefits, is gradually diminishing the forests, anyone who encourages the plantation of groves for fruit, for shade, and for timber, is a benefactor of the country. Around the water-holes, where carriers have for many years been wont to camp with their drays, and drovers with their stock, groves of shady trees ought to be planted. How much good has been done in some spots by a passing traveller who has dropped a peach-stone or other seed, from which many a weary traveller finds both shade and fruit! There is no reason why the chief roads of the colony should not be adorned, at least for some miles adjoining the towns, with umbrageous trees. If Dr. Mueller's example were followed more largely, we or our successors might see transformations of scenery and springs of enjoyment brought about by natural means as wonderful as the tales of the Arabian Nights' Entertainment. Such transforma tions have been wrought in many a country, where industry, directed by practical science and good taste, has, by consulting nature, changed deserts into gardens, and made once barren plains pleasant with streams and woods.-Empire. Srxro.-Pune produce odd new terms as when the old hangman's machinery of cart and ladder was superseded by the " drop," and the appreciating crowd spoke of its being autumn with the criminal, meaning the fall of the leaf; or to take a pleasanter instance, when a vamped-up old shoe came to be called in France a dix-huit, as being deux fois neuf. The slang-dealer likes wrapping up his meaning in a joke for his customer to unwrap, generally finding some thing unpleasant inside. You want your money back from him, and he offers a draught on Aldgato pump; you confess yourself a fool for trusting him, and he blandly recommends you to go to Battersen (famous for its herb-gardens) to have your simples out. Puns on names of places are a class by themselves. To bo off to Bedford shire or to the Scilly Isles requires no explanation; a Groonlander is a novice, and to have a holiday at Peckham is to go without your dinner. Just so in France, " aller (i Versailles " is to be upset, a dunco has " fait son cours a Asnicres;' and it is n recognised hint of sending a man about his business to promise him a prebsnd in the Abbey of Vaten. Not to dwell on tide rather poor stuff, we may look next to the relics of history in slang words which have their origin in the name of some person or place, or carry the record of some event, custom, or idea. Some of these historical derivations are modern and familiar, such as the names of the bobby or peeler, or the phrase of burking an unpleaeant subject. It is not so generally known that there was a General Martinet, who left hlis name to other strict disciplinarians; that the iron door or blower of a stove used to be called a sacho verel,after the famous blower of the coals of dissension in Queen Anne's time; that the spotted blue and white neccrerchief still called a derrick, which shipbuilders use in masting vessels, is so styled from the noted hlangman, named Derrick, the Caloraft of tio seventeenth csntury, whose name passed to this gallows-like machine. The vagrants' word bastile for the union workihouse, the common name of Billingsgate for foul lan guage, and the verb to chivey, from the boys' game of Chevy Chase, are pieces of obvious history. Others are not so obvious. Thus the thieves' jargon, which describes people in church as "hums in the autem," belongs porhaps to the days when the congregation still applauded a favourite preacher with a hum; " the devil to pay, and no pitch hot" is not tie sheer nonsense landsmen make of it, for it applies to a certain scam called by sailors the " devil" for its awkwardness to caulk; the word cockshy keeps up a record of the onco popu lar sport of throwing with cudgels at live cocks; and cook-and-bull story, a term now applied to any silly rambling tale, illustrates the contempt which fell on the ancient beast fables, the very delight of mankind in the lower grades of civilisation all round the globe.-Macmillan's Mugszine. Snorrrzo.-Glovee, madam? What sier? Six and a quarter? Let me see your hand, please. I'm sorry to have kept you waiting; but that lady couldn't make up her mind. First she wanted a particular shade and three buttons, and then she thought three leuttons came too 'dear, and wanted two, and I had to hunt through all the boxes for a pair of that colour; and when they were found cho fancied she had seen a pair of a shade she likred bot ter in one of the other boxes, and we had to go through them all again. Tirsoomoe? 'Well, it is a little tireeb'me at first; but one soon gets used to it; and that is why we are expected to serve two and three oustomers at a time, so as to give one leisure for making up and changing her mind while we are serving another, you kIrnow. Yes, it is tire some in another way, that sometimes the difficult lady needs us to help her through he` doubts and deliberations, and then the second customer, who is more easily suited, gets tired of waiting, and perhaps go away. I was afraid you were going away, and if you had I should have been well scolded. There is nothing the men who walk up and down the shop-shop-walkers we call them are harder on us for than that-to lot a cus tomer go empty-handed. Ladies often com plain that we waste their time by showing them a dozen things they don't want for one they do; but a shop soon gets a bad name if you haven't just the thing a lady wants, and don't seem inclined to trouble about getting it for her. She goes away vexed, and tolls the first friend she meets that you can't get anything you want at that shop; and so it gets about, and people goelsewhere, and ous tom drops off. O! bless you, yes, shopkeep ere know that quite well; and that's why we go on trying to tempt a lady with one thing after another, when we haven't got the exact thing she has set her heart on. Three times out of four she sees something which takes her fancy nearly as well, and forgets her dis appointment in the pleasure of the new pur chase. In some large shops like this the girls get a commission on all they sell; and ladies will now and then complain that they are not allowed to go without buying some thing; but the reason is easy enough to understand, for girls don't get high wages, or even keep their places, if the shopkeeper finds out that they lose customers through shyness, stupidity, or indifference. A young woman got turned off at a wooeek's notice not long ago for letting a customer go without asking whether there was any of the stuff she wanted in the store- rooms. It turned out that there was plenty, though what was upstairs had been sold out; and she was sent away. I was very sorry for her, for she has a mother dying of consumption, and I'm afraid she was thinking more of her than the customer; but of course it was careless, and if an example was not made now and then, discipline couldn't be kept up. You are smiling, ma'am, but you don't know what strict discipline we girls are kept in; and it is needed, too. There are ninety-five young women in this shop, and more in others, of all ages and grades and shades of morals and manners. You've no idea what a need there is among so many for rigid rules, and a strong hand to enforce them. The shop walkers they keep us in order, and we aren't fond of them, for they are our natural one mies, and always report everything that comes under their eye- of neglect, inoivility, talking, or disregard of rules in any way. I don't suppose, however that the large shop keepers would get on as well without them. We come at eight, and get our breakfast here, dress the counters and shop-windows, and are generally done and serving by a lit tle after nine. That goes on till noon, when a bell rings for dinner, and we go to it-not all at once, of course, but in detachments, so many from each department-and you can guess how glad we are to sit down to it. Now and then I've known girls faint- espe cially in selling-off times-directly they eat down. We haven't much time allowed us, of course, because the others are waiting for their turn. It varies in different shops from half an hour to an hour. It seems short enough anyhow, and then begins the stand itg and smiling and serving again till five, when the bell rings for tea in the same man ner; after which we go at it again till a quarter to eight, when the shop shuts. Cassell. WEsTsEN CABESssE.-In Columbus, says an American contemporary, if a young man cheats at croquet, the young ladies caress the flange of his ear with a mallet. On?trATIox.-A second acnot of cremation, the Home News says, has been successfully performed in the same oven at Dresden in which the body of Lady Dilko was con sumed. The occurrence took place on the evening of November G. The body was again that of a lady, the young wife-aged only twenty-three-of a south German phy sician. The hall around the furnace was decorated with flowers, and in every other respect the solemnity which should attend so serious a rite was duly observed. No clergy man could, however, be found to take part in the ceremony and speak a burial address over the dead body; so Herr Siemens, the constructor and proprietor of the oven, de livered a brief but impressive speech, after which the coffin was committed to the flamoes. The process of cremation was screened from the eyes of the lady's friends by an iron door; but a small number of physicians and other scientifico men witnessed the operation from a slit in the wall. They describe the spectacle as free from anything offensive either to the senses or the imagination. The current of hot air burning up the body ap peared as a transparent flame of a pale red dish hue. There was no smoke or any un sightly transformation of the boly. When the colfiu was consumed the body appeared in its natural state, then red hot, and at last appeared to be of translucent white. From this it crumbled into ashes. Up to the period of its entire consumption by the flames the process was merely as a rapid drying up. After seventy-eight minutes all organic matter was gone, and nothing remained but a small heap of ashes, which was con veyed away in an urn. PmERUv.-Tho contract for the construction of the Lima and Pisco railway, Peru, one hundred and forty-five miles long, tapping the rich aud productive valleys and sugar plantations betweoon Surco, Chorrilles, Lurin, Mala, Coayllo, Oaneto, Chincha Alla, and Chincha Maja, and connecting the towns of Lima and Pisco with thie flourishing shipping ports of Callao and Piseo, on the Peruviau coast, has boon taken by Mr. uobort Walker, contractor and engineer, of Westminster Clhmbers, Victoria-street, Westminster, the Peruvian government having granted a con cession giving the land, and guaranteeing £1,040,000 towards tile work, which will be proceeded with forthwith. A Missouri paper has undertaken to dis courage dying. It publishes marriage notices free, but charges heavily for obitu aries. It is a remarkable fact that the whole coast of Asia Minor, from Tyro to Alex andria, has been sinking since the days of ancient Home and doesn't tire. A mysterious basket, addressed to the stationmaster at Clapham Junction, on being opened, was found to contain a living child. The stationmaster declining the gift, a porter volunteered to accept it, and took the basket and child. On lifting the child, £800 was found in the basket. The story goes that the stationmaster then demanded the basket and its contents, which the porter very pro perly refused to give up. One can hardly doubt to which of the two the mother would entrust her child. A serious fire broke out in a wing of the French college at Blackrock, County Dublin, on November 21, at half-past three o'clock. Before the fire could be subdued, the entire wing, consisting of three very large apart ments-the music-room, the linen-room, and the library- was destroyed. The contents of the museo-room and linen-room, including twelve pianofortes and a large quantity of linen, were destroyed. The ten thousand volumes of books in the library were all saved. No loss of life or personal injury oc curred. The loss, which.is estimated at £5000, is fully covered by insurance. Frogs are worth wholesale in New York 1 dol. to 5 dol. per dozen pair of hind legs, the frog being out into and the skin stripped off over the feet. The only difficoulty in breeding them is in keeping a pond carefully protected from hawks, snakes, coons, &c.; Millions of tadpoles hatch out every spring, but by autumn there seem to be but a few dozen left. Canada ships thousands to New Yorkl annually. An old man of threescore manded a girl of ten at Ahmedabad. A few days after the marriage the infant wife eloped with a man servant. Some students fixed up a ghost and placed it on a staircase of the Troy court-houes the other night and retired and awaited de velopments.' A barrister came along and didn't got frightened. He disrobed it, and now wears a fifteen-dollar pair of pantaloons, a ten-dollar vest, a seven-dollar pair of boots, and an eight-dollar hat, while one of the students goes about without.a vest, and another roams around through less fre quented streets wearing a very ancient pair of walkers. To be or not to be--potatoes or not-that is the question connected with the Yankee calculator, that if the body of each of the 260,673 persons who died in the United States in 1870 was allowed a full-sized grave, the whole would occupy 202 acres. If they were cremated, the ashes would make excellent manure for about a thousand acres. The more Americans that die and are cremated the better for the rest, that is clear. A tall western girl named Short long loved a certain big Mr. Little, while Little, little thinking of Short, loved a little lass, named Long. To make a long story short, Little proposed to Long; and Short longed to be even with Little's shortcomings. So Short, meeting Long, threatened to marry Little before Long, which caused Little in a short time to marry Long. Query-Did tall Short love big Little less because Little loved Long. A York cabman named Blair, in the em ploy of Mr. Johnson, cab proprietor of Boo tham, York, has just fallen into the hand some inheritance of over £17,000. Blair re sides at Fulford, a village adjacent to York, was formerly of Newark, and he is one of a family of eight, amongst whom is shared the handsome sum of £150,000. Give a dog a bad name, and he'll learn to answer to it as well as to any other. It may be remembered that some years ago a talented and engaging French noble man-the Marquis of Beauvoir, while on a voyage round the world, paid a visit to Melbourne, and took great interest in examining our various institutions. Among others, he was greatly struck with the botanical gardens, and no doubt also with its talented curator, Dr. (now Baron von) Mueller. It is to be feared, however, that the doctor rather took advantage of the marquis's credulity, if the account of Dr. Mueller's achievements as related by the noble visitor is to Ibeo traced to our govern ment botanist. The subjoined letter was recently received by tihe lands depsirtment here from an ollicial source in South Australia:-" Sir,-I have the honour to enclose an extract from a work published in London in 1870, entitled A Voyage Round the world, by the Marquis of Beauvoir, and to request that youen will be Iind enough to inform me whether tihe statements therein contained are reliable in point of fact . ' With equal boldness and perseverance, Dr. Muollor has set up beacons for adventurous spirits of the rising generation. He is enthusiastic for every noble end. He en courages tihe now squatters, and tolls them ' beyond the white stormy desert, the granite and sand, you will find pastures for thousands of herds.' But the misfortune of Australia is want of water. He wishes to remedy this, and to this end consecrated almost all the funds of the botanical-gardens, and he is succeeding. He distributes over the interior of the country thousands of shrubs roared in hIis nurseries. Little streams form rapidly round the young woods. The results are splendid already, and each year confirms them. On barren plains he has created woods and streams in more than a hundred places.'" This astonishing statement was, rather unnecossarily one would think, sub mitted to an official for report, and of course was returned with the observation that there was no truth whatever in the marquis's ex traordinary account, which the officer said rather resembled an extract from the Arabian Nights' Entertainment tiran anything which might be supposed to be written in the 19th century.-Melbourne Argus. In the course of his speech at the Guildhall on Lord Mayor's day, Mr. Disraeli observed: -"If we look at the state of our colonial empire, I may say that her Majesty's minis ters can view it with satisfaction and confi dence. But a little while ago it weas a com mon political creed that the wonderful em pire which had been created mainly by the great man whose statue is before me was, in fact, a political mistake, and that we ought to have confined all our energies and efforts to the insular possessions which nature has accorded to us, and that the wisest thing for statesmen to do was to detach us from all our colonial ties, and rid us of a responsibility which seemed to terrify many. Such arenot the opinions of those who have now the honour to advise her Majesty. We have de clared our confidence in the colonial empire of England by already adding a province to that empire, and we are resolved by every moans in our power to consolidate and con firm that empire; and we have no doubt that we shall succeed in that eftort, our policy resting upon establishing an identity of in terests and sympathy between the colonists and those of the mother country." A philosophical barrister in Atlanta re marks :-" A Ku-Klux barrister calls us a liar; but we have not sufficient confidence in his word to believe him. 