? ? ? ? dav evening. At that tune assembled inside and outside the Parliament Houses «ager to hear the denotement, the Beene i4i the Legislative Assembly was one that veil deserved the pencil of a Hogarth. In the press gallery there was a crowd of -excited pressmen, and it takes something to "excite the fourth Estate, particularly tfaat ection of it Vhich has to report parliamentary debates, eager to take down tne utterances of the Premier. The galleries for the public were Ml, and the many-headed; vrere still as mice. The Opposition took their seats with a Mud of half-confident, halldistrustful air. Pre§enily the Premier arose, with a face 1 as -enigmatical as, atoyB^p^^-J sphinx. Kerferd always looks blandjalmostj stolid, and serene. In- a quiet, undisturbed voice he made a few prefatory remarks, and then read the minute addressed ( by the Ministeis to Sir William Stawell, lh re |he 'positibli. Briefly, the minute asked for adissoliition, advancing as arguments for that 'tfoUrSe that the Assfcmblyhad, intheir address id* reply and the division on Mr. Berry's motion, virtually affirmed the principles, and .had.afterwards, ou the spirit duties^ left the Ministry with a majority of_onfi only, sliowmg that the House was too divided to allow of Oovernmait being canned on; and that the question submitted to the Legislature's not been decided on'by the constituencies, although the Assembly has decided it to be bne ripe for settlement, and further that the presH generally has supported the budget. On; these grounds the Ministry iield that after the division on Thursday it is hopeless to expect that any large and- important measure could be passed through the House as at pieseht constituted, as its conduct has not -been "-consistent.- The Oovemment-further held that if a nCw election took place they would" be" able to obtain a good working majority. Several authorities were cited for the course proposed. - In reply, the Governor stated in his minute that heiailed to see that the Ministry had proved that the .House was not in- accord with itself or in accord with the country, Which were Ihe only just grounds for & dissolution. He held that the constitrtti&ial; course was to give the Opposition a chance to form a Government, and denied that the Ministry had shown an appeal to the country would result m theixfavSf, Fuither, the Governor objected to penal, dissolutions of Parliament, and declared that in emergencies of this kind the"C5rown had a duty to perform as high as that of Ministers, and was responsible, and was not bound to accept the advice of the Ministry. Besides aigued His Excellency, although the Press had given a qualified support to the budget, no public meetings liad been held in its favour, whereas, several public meetings had-condemned it. He, therefore, declined to give a dissolution. While he, Kerferd, was reading the~se minutes, there was breathless silence, and each person was agitated by different- feelings. The prominent opposition members shifted uneasily on their seats, and especially while the beginning of the Govemoi's minute, which was uncertain in its tone, was being read, they seemed to fear the worst. There was a great supply of relief when the tenor of hid minute was nndeistood. Not only the Oppo- sition, but the Ministerial supporter s—for an election"is no joke—appealed intensely relieved. Mr. Kerferd's concluding remarks were very brief, and the House almost rmmediately broke up, not however befoie Mr. Higinbotham, who seems on the verge of monomania, gave notice of a motion about some despatch from Lord Carnarvon about 'the pierogative of pardon- One would have thought lie would have forgotten "his ciase in the general excitement. Since then little has been done. Last night Mr- Berry was sent for, and he saw His Excellency at ten o'clock this -morning, and was commissioned to form a Ministry. Mr. IVlacpherEOii and himself were closeted together for some time afterwards, from which it would seem that Mir. Macplierson is likely to join. It is exceedingly difficult to lorecastc what will happen. Mr- Berry assures- me that every member of the Opposition with whojn he has spoken has expressed himself kmdiy disposed to "bim, and stated his -willingness toco-operate either as a supporter or colleague. To my mind the question is— Will life. Macpheison and Mr. G. P. Smith 30m Mr. Bel'iy ? Both these gentlemen are known to be bosom friends of -Sir James M'Culloch. If therefore, that wily Scot still hankers after office—he has said he does not hankei—it as quite possible that Sir. G. P. Smith at least will not join Berry, and as he is thelonly man the Opposition has to fill the Attorney- Generalship, the fate of the Berry Ministry-^-for of course he can get a Ministry together—would he sealed. 1 do know for a fact that G. P. Smith spoke disparagingly of union with Berry. If he refuses to join, and the M'Cnlloeh party harass Beny, they, when .sent for, will be opposed by the Berry party. But I am anticipating. Berry, Macpherson, antLG. P. Smith will make a somewhat stable Ministry, with M'Culloch as a supporter and officeholder in fvdwt>, Otherwise there "will follow faction fights and—dissolution Enough of politics. I am sorry to find that my predictions about hard times in Melboiume, thave ,,been fully realised. Some months ago I drew attention to the fdet that the warehouses vrere in> very bad state indeed,.were doing-no "business, and that iii all probability a large number olhands would be discharged after the half-year. My predietions "have been tdo well fulfilled. _ Last wegk eveiy warehouse in the city discharged .a 'ttertaiiTprbportion of then- employes, amounting altogether to about 200 to 250 young men: These poor fellows don't know what to ;do._ There is notthe ghost of a show of employment here, at least until the busy season. "Some talk" of going to -^New Zealand/ aiid 1 ethers putind trying their luck in Queensland, In every other ]iranck of trade there is V' ea t" stagnations' The very had weather that has been the rule this winter is partly to blame for this dulness. Let us hope for better times. A dreadful „accideu$ happened, at Preston this afterhSon Two ' men" "<» i e'-e Wasting stone m a paddock at Breston, when, owing to want ot caution, a blast exploded, and one mat. was nstantaaeously killed, and another in]uiSd~so frightfully that doubts Were entertained »bout his recovery^ A ship carpguter named Daniel Burke, residing m Wilhamstown 'who-has been drinking heavily of late, cut-his throat -wvth a laige table' kmfe this "morning, -and "lies in "the hospital n a \rery precarious sfctfife Great^i eparatiQns'aie being made fo^ the O^onn^Centenary. 3?rom Sydney EEhfesr that serious fears entertaalield of a great difetuibaUoe therb to-movroWi as a firebrand h&s-written; aJiSghlyinflammatory letter.ftp the to-day. Sydney IswerysectaVian. Wemesisiliad4& victim at the JSichmond Police Court to-day, —Sour"-reader "will re^ mgmbe'r-that r a mnff ^amted ""TPoUng Was found working an-ilhcitistill at Eichmoiid, -and sfentfenced to pay-&ifhi;© of or go to gaol for three months. It now^ turns out that %he wholfe !ai&iir; Wa^ ^olioocted' by an informer who, howSVeT «"\yent too Jai stod Jell int6 the mSshe^ law himsell ^His name as Wiiham -^rtjon^brmefly of mania. -day 4ie weut ta the Ifouugs Who Are po&r; • 