TRB GAT AND THE GHOST. Of a sudden I became aware that gomething had affected my cat's equannnity. The purring ceased, and she- exhibited rapidly increasing symptoms of uneasiness 1 bent-down and endeavoured to coax her into-quietness, but she instantly struggled to her feet in my lap and spitting: vehemently, with:back arched,- and still swollen, slio assumed a mingled attitude of terror and defiance. The change of her position obliged me to raise my head, and on looking-up, to my inexpressible horror, I then perceived that' a fittle, hideous, -wrinkled old hag occupied mamma's chair. Her hands were rested on her 1 knees; and- her body was stooped forward so as to brinjf her face in close prorumty with mine. Her eyes, piercingly "fierce, and • shining with an 1 overpowering lustre, were - steadfastly: fixed on me. It "was as if » fiend were glaring at me through ^hem. Her dress and general appearance denoted her to belong to the FVench bourgecsie : - but those eyes, so wonderfully large, and m- their expression so intensely wicked; entirely absorbed my senses, and precluded any attention to detaiL I should have screamed, but my breath, was gone j whilst that terrible gaze so hombly fascinated me, I could neither withdraw my eyes nor nse from my seat. I had mean wide been-trying to keep, tight hold on the cat, but she. seemed re- solutely determined not to remain jn such ugly neighbourhood, and after some more desperate efforts at length succeeded m escaping from my-grasp. Leaping over tables, chairs, and all that came-in. her way. -she repeatedly ^threw herself, with frightful violence; against the top panel of the door which communicated with the disused room. Then returning. in the same frantic manner, she furiously dashed ^against die door on the opposite side. ..-. My terror was divided, . and I looked by turns, now at the old woman, whose great staring eye* were constantly fixed on me, and now. at the car,- who was becoming every jnsi&nt; ; more . frantic. ; At last the.dreadful idea riie animal had gone mad had the effect - of restoring my breath and I screamed loudly. \- ; Mamma ran in unmediateiy, and ibe «at, en the door openmgv liiieriljy-sprang over her head, and for upward ;of half an hOTir iWBi =ap and down the stairs ai if pursued. I turned to point to the -object of my terror—it. was gone. , Under such circnmstancu the lapse of tune as difficult to appreciate, but I chotild say-that the apparition > 'lasted - about four ~,POI live minutes ? Some tune altsrwards ittranspired a "former iproprielor of--4he house, -a woman;; had banged her»elf in that very; room — "Oh ! your nose is as cold as ice,' Boston father thought he heard hisdanghter exclaim tile otier evening, «s-"he 'was reading m the next-room. He walked in for an>ex3slaiiat!f)n; font the young fellow was ar. one end-of the sofa and- the gnrl at the other, while J»th looted; so ;annoeent andanconcions ihat the old gent!emsJi •concluded that ;,bis jears: had . deceirada him, and ? so retired from the scene withouta word. - Bev J G "Wood 