WESLEYAN GENERAL CONFERENCE. Aged Friday, May 21st, 1875. President Wilkinson, of the New South Wales Annual Conference, presided. After the journal had been road, the conference, in committee of the whole proceeded with the consideration of the lay representation in the conference. The Rev. J. S. Waugh hold that before proceeding further, it was desirable that they should place upon record their views on to the extent to which they could admit the participation of laymen in the government of the church. While anxiouJtoplaeelaymen in possession of all that they could claim scriptural, yet there were matters which must be reserved for the ministers alone. In national government it was the right of men to hold what opinion they pleased as to the best form, whether it was a monarchy or a republic ; but the government of the Christian Church could not be republican, but was essentially monarchical, for Christ was king over his people. After further remarks, he moved :-" Whereas I it appears to be advisable to alter the constitution of our church, so as to admit of lay representatives as members of the Wesleyan Methodist conferences in Australasia and whereas those courts have hitherto consisted of ministers only, this general conference agrees that our annual and general conferences shall be hereafter composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The general conference, however in adopting this plan, distinctly asserts its maintenance of the New Testament doctrine, that the ministry de- rives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking heed to all the dock over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the church of God, devolves the solemn responsibility of enforc- ing godly discipline, and administering the government of the church. This principle the general conference regards as being essential to the spiritual fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the I constitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of lay manoa members of our conference it must be held to be sacred and inviolable." The motion was seconded by the Rev. 0. Rigg. An animated' and lengthened discussion ensued, and several members of the conference expressed their dissent from the resolution, as in their opinion it savored of the assertion of sacerdotalism. Others urged that, if needed at all, the motion should have been brought forward at the outset, when the subject of lay representation had been first broached, or else its consideration should be postponed until the whole scheme had been considered. The Rev. T. Buddie moved that further discussion on the motion be postponed until the remainder of the recommendations from the annual conferences on lay representation had been dealt with. The Rev. W. L. Binks seconded, and after further discussion the amendment was negatived. A further amendment was proposed by the Rev. W. P. Wells, to remit the motion of Mr. Waugh to the No. 1 committee to amend the phraseology thereof, if necessary. After considerable debate the amendment was carried, and the conference adjourned for two hours. In the afternoon sitting, President Bickford, as chairman of the No. 1 committee, brought up their report upon the resolution of Mr. Waugh, relating to the scriptural authority and integrity of the pastoral office in the Christian church, to the effect that the committee recommended that in the 13th line from the top the word "pastoral" be placed before " government," but the committee recommended that no other alteration or amendment be made. The question was put without further debate, and carried and the resolution was also agreed to by a considerable majority. The committee then proceeded with the consideration of further recommendations on lay representation and it was resolved : -" 2. The committee of each institution of the connection, to which a minister is set apart by the conference shall have the right to elect one lay representative ;" also, " 3. There shall be reserved to be dealt with by the ministers alone, 1st, the election of president and secretary and chairman of districts ; 2nd, all the matters comprised in the first thirteen questions of the conference of 1873." The conference then adjourned until next day. Saturday, May 22nd.' There was only a morning sitting of the Wesleyan General Conference on Saturday, over which President Buller, of the New Zealand Annual Conference presided. The business was the further consideration of the subjects that in future conferences shall be reserved to be dealt with by the ministers alone. On Friday it had been agreed to reserve the election of president and secretary and chairman of districts, and also all matters comprised in the first thirteen questions of the conference of 1873. On Saturday the list of reservations was increased by adding to it, All appeals affecting the status of our members," and also " the stationing of the ministers." Over the last- named subject there was a very long debate. In support of the reservation it was urged that although there was no Christian principle involved, still it was highly expedient that laymen should not be associated in the stationing, as the independency of the ministers would be better conserved thereby. An amendment to the contrary, moved by the Rev. J. C. Symons, was supported on the ground that the system of associating laymen with ministers in the stationing worked well with the Bible Christians, the Primitive Methodists, and the New Connection Methodists. It was also contended that the conference, in affirming the principle of lay representation, had either conceded too much, or oloq they would have to allow laymen to participate in matters reserved or proposed to be. It was also remarked that, all the proposed reservations being made, there would be no more power given to laymen than they already possessed as members of the Connectional committees, save that what they did in committee had to be afterwards approved by the ministers in conference, which was always done. The amendment was negatived by a large majority, and the reservation made. Monday, May 24th. The business transacted vm^ almost entirely confined to settling the details. of the new constitution, under which Wesleyan Methodism in Australasia will be governed for the future. The discussion of these minor points possesses little of general interest, although it occupies considerable time. The conference also adjourned for a longer period than usual, in the middle, of the day, as the members were desirous of manifesting their loyalty to the Queen by attending the l(iw hold by her representative. Among the subjects discussed was a proposal to appoint a representative of the General Conference to the British Conference, but the matter was postponed. It was, however, resolved to request the British Conference to send a representative to the next General Conference in 1878, and also that he might remain for twelve months. As there has been some inquiry made as to what are the matters that have been reserved for the consideration of ministers only, it is well to append a list of them. It may be mentioned, for the information of general renders, that the business is brought forward in the shape of questions, and that these were arranged by the Australasian Wesleyan Conference, held at Sydney in 1873. The first thirteen of the list are those that have been reserved for the open sideration of laymen, and are as follows: 1\. Who are now admitted as minor), into full connection with the conference P 2\. What preachers remain, pa trial ?? 3\. What preachers are WW received on trial P 4\. What students are to remain in our theological institutions P 6\. What candidates are now received for training in our theological institutions ? C. who are now admitted as. native missionaries P 7\. Who remain on trial as native assistant mis- sionaries P 8\. Who are received on trial on nova assistant missionaries P 9\. What ministers became supernumeraries this year? 10\. Wbfit, supernumeraries are again employed in the ranger, work ? 11\. What ministers have died since the last conference p 12\. Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers trial? 13\. What persons who were in full connection with the conference have now ceased to be recognised as ministers am Of us P Tuesday, May 25th, President Bickford was in the chair. The greater part of the forenoon was occupied with further con- s during the report of a antweommittee to whom had been remitted several portions of the recommendations on lay representation. The discussion on the various points brought under notice were protracted, and the consideration of several was further postponed. The Rev. W. A. Quick then moved a series of resolutions having reference to the status of persons who although attendants at the service of tho Wesleyan Church, yetdeclinodtoattond ut class meetings, and were therefore not qualified for recognition his members of the church. The object of the resolutions proposed was stated to be, not to supersede, but rather to strengthen the system of class meeting, while at the same time the minister would be authorized to issue quarterly tickets to such persons as did not attend class, and in that way entitle them to join in the communion service or love feasts. The proposal was objected to entirely by the Rev. John Eggleston, who contended for the stript retention of class meeting as a test of membership. The subject was debated at great length throughout the afternoon, and at length, at 6 o'clock pm. the conference rose. ! ????"?? ' - - Many years ago when David Crockett was a member of Congress, and had returned to his constituents after his first session, a "nation " of them Burrmuidod him one day, and began to interrogate him about Washington, " What time do they (live at Washington, Colonel s." asked him. " Why," said he, "corrupt people, such as you have, got their diners, at one o'clock but the gentry and big line due at three. As for the Representatives, we dine at four and the aristocracy and the Senate, they don't get their- victuals till five." "Well, when food the President fodder?" asked another. "OldHiokory °" exclaimed the colonel, attempting to appoint a time in accordance with the dignity of the station, "Old H.ipAoryï well he don't live till next day," 