CRUISE OF Tfil OCALLENGrE]; The following` additional particulars of the cruise of the Challenger are from the S AM. Herald : The Japanese eminently possess, the genius of ornament, symmetry, neat. nass, and pioturesqueness. Theiiaste with which they choose a site for their temples cannot be surpassed-a back. ground of fine old trees, grand avenues, gateways, bridges, side-chapels, impos. ing flights of. stairs leading-to-the principal entrance- wherever possible, rooks and water. This .people have studied the art of making lifs agreeable during the last 1000 years, with as much, or probably more, success than any civilized nation in Europe. -These impressions -of mine are gathered from an almost exclusive contact with the country people and poorer classes, 'fe in our character of travellers, making only short stays wherever we go, we have but few opportunities of studying the life and manners of the middle and upper classes. The English Minister, Sir IHarry Parkes, has not yet returned. There was some talk of our being pre. sented to the Mikado, but we have heard nothing of it for some days past.i To return to. the description -of -our trip. We arrived at Kamakusa about noon, and established our quarters at the Tea House. " There we -found an American party, ladies and gentlemen. It is difficult now to go anywhere without, meeting -American tourists. The inroad of so many European 'barbarians' must have caused a sensa- tion not quite flattering to ourselves, Re we trod the beautiful clean mate with our heavy boots and littered the floor .iithm igar~ashes. In- fact, as-to manners the Japanese are our superiors. Even the lower classes never addresa each other without first bowing gra ciously, and their language "is full of polite terms, and sounds very sweet,; especially when spoken by the pr. tty moosmios. I have learned all sorts of compli-mentary speeches, so that I get on swimmingly with the pe-,ple. Some. times on leaving a tea house, you see the whole family collected on the door. steps, father, mother, sons, and daugh tore, all Istandiug in a row, bending their heads. - Anata' (you) is another ordinary form of greeting, and on oar way -to Kamakusa the children were all - shouting to us from the roadside and from behind the trees ' Anata ohayo I anata obayo ?' with shouts of, delight when we answered them-in - our, own language. Besides their agreeable manners, they are extremely clean in, their persons. Every one can bathe in; warm or. cold water baths all the year round and old and young, make con stant use of them. ' Daibutsu is only a mile from Kama. kusa, and we went there on foot along a beautiful avenue leading to the temple Kamakusa. Near the point where we left the avenue is the -Spot where two English officers of the 20th Regiment were killed about ten years ago. Since -then Japan has under. gone a revolution, and Europeans can now, when provided with passports, travel safely all over the country. After passing through the, village Daibutsu, we at last came in sight of the great image of Budda, of-bronze, about 50 foot high. A fine avenue of" trees leads up to it, and it looks very; stately with its backgiound of blue sky'ind trees. The fVae we all agreed, -: is a masterpisec of expression - We: scrambled up and sat down - on its folded hands. -We walked -back to Kamakusa, bad a-look at its temples, and over .the lhills:again to Kanasmwa to get another cup of tea and another smile from the dear little mioosmie. After putting our ship into thorough repair, we left the dock on May 3rd, and returned to our old aioehoragd at Yokohama Last Friday I went, with one of my companions to visit Yeddo, or as it is now called Tokio,, the pr;." sent capital 'of Japan. It is- only fir teen miles from here, and connected Yokohama.-- by rail. -The- line is ex tromely' well managed-by the Japanese. I forgotdto . mention that all the work in the extansive dockyard of. Yok'msk: is done by Japanese,,under the super. intendeno. of Frenchmen.-,- Both in stances prove how successfully the Japanese have adopted and are work ing our inost ront -Euiopnan' dis.-[ coveries. Th'0dajmiifrr ed out wet, hut w~e managed- to sun ~tlh *iclehrate'l temples-andl tombs of thejMikmndns and Shibo and to do sonmn sbopping. There arc lots*,of beautiful things tq buy here, fft foi' a king's~paleiio, in the wey of lacquer,. bronzes, and porcelain -I Eshall'seleot a hottemr daiy, fo snotlier . visit to Yeddo, which, you'ame aware, is a city as big as London, We sail shortly for Kobe and thenice to the in* land sea of Japan, tliooilghSamonosaki. Strait to -Nagasaki; at the, south-west end of Japan,;returning from Nagasaki to Yokohama at-the lbeginning of June. We lcenoo Yokohama ,about tha 16th June on our lhonewiard trip. -It will be a lung journey,- no less cohaut 25 400 miles., Shortly, after :oumr arrival -hare ~we liitd as rgula~r-tragedy.. Tivo beck eashiers -ran away -wfith .abouti8o,000- dolliars." The ship was~anired before it got out of Ymokelh n Ba& hnd when boarded it was;found 'tha tho two un fortunate men had elhot - themselves. Two m'on 'liavo-also'beenibelme'aded by thme Jo' rbikamiitd ils~ lut wiS knew over. :! , A WaAL'rmc SQUillitn R egaail lag Mr Jommnsi Tysoim, &thot; well known' and wealthy~ ustter; the;Colac I Het/ld w~rites:a-Weave bcen;imafgrmed en reliable a iharty thast tho~well known Mr'Jamaes Tyson, the ownesrof 1various~ stations loVlctorie, New Sc'uthig)alees and, QuenaslamadZ li- 7paueaued of 87,000 bead of cattle, and- over s.mil lion of sheep. - - A GiosT ,SToaR.-TbeTomut currespondent of tlee Gundajqai Times is accountable for the following: One evening last week a very old resident at Windowie observed a female dressed in white on the flat pear his dwelling, "and remarked Mes Ii. is late putting up her ducks.-Mrs It. being a neighbour of his, and the only female besides those of his own family likely to be there at that time of the night; but on subsequent' inquiry at Mrs .'R.'s place it was found that she had sot left the house all that evening. This incident occasioned but little commient uanti, the following occurred -Late on the night of Th'ursday, thie 12th instant, the road party `at Workk on the Win.. dowie con tact had retired to their hut and one of their nuber, Mi A. was in the act of bathing his feet, when his attention 'was attracted by a sliht anise outside. He'called to C one ,f his mates to run out to the dray 'aol see if snme one-was not stealing the harness. C. weuit outside, but quickly returned, pallid ol' aspiect, &nd; with heads of sweat upot his' brow, saying, ` It's a ghost -' !!The third oc - cupant of the hut having no desire to interview the nocturnal visitor, drew the clothes over his head and remnined where he was; but A., who has pluck. enough to face a legion of ho6bgo blins, rushed outside :and- behold, sure' enough, standing. near: the: dray,.'a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with extended: arms bathed in whire. ' Ah,' exclaimed A, ' I guess you want one of my horse, collars; just wait a minute, and I'll give you a striking proof of my liberality'-. So saying, A sang out to' his mate to hand him a long handled -iauiuer, '.and armed with this weapon. rnaled upon the enemy; but the blow fell ba cielass, for the ghostly visitor vanished at oace. Owing to the darkness' of 'the night, and the ground around covered nttic thistles, A., who was barefooted, considered pursuit of the ghost unad visublh, else we might have heard the last "f this 'Windowie woman`h in white. Since writing -thlethe abiiv'e,we have. heard that intlier;'of ,tlie' ghostly fraternity has been pilayiig high. pranks in another part of our district. In one instance we. tundristand,' a, niariage had been- --arrangeJ, and everything went sneoothly-till 'the' eve i.cfuie the weddiig, -'whei'. a ghost appeared upon the scene, and we sup pse from what followed forbade-- the binis, as the bride' elect; it'. oniucqienece of revelations n'id `to' her by the supernatural: visikoi', ha's determined to forego matrimony forthe present." Tun BANK- DEFALCATIONS AT. BlElEcwoRTH. - The ; more - we (0. mad M. Advertiser) `consider the numerous irregularities - to use no iant get' term-which have conic to tight during the past few, Mionths in r-nnection with the Bank of New Soet Ii WVales lleechiwirthi,: 'the' more -ae feel puzzled. Here we have re -nh'ad oie plain fact, that for the 1pst eight years the books have Aben taijered with, ,imoneys recklessly tiinf.!erred from one a'ccin t to an chiter r s p ro rit f ,th ei'.t glaring defalcations "conimieited, Je- until last April nothing was dis c.-.ieed. Mr Pitcairn' 1.1., was en gaged for fouir hours. investigating four fresh cl org's whichih had been, brought by the; bank agaiiest'uMessrs 'h`IIiiias W. Bentley.and-'II. Hughes, ,.l we confess that to-us at aiiy iute tI l' revelations made were both . start Ianto: 1saiil. - It was aa' pain ful' Bight it onr a titan, who. until-irecently cc. cnpied the leading position, ini the= gewn, and was looked up. to as a man if honiour anid wenth; brought to the her as a common 'felon; and charged vii, thi*e most heinous crimses, and we f,-lt altogether aewildered as fact after feet was elicited show\ing that a doe liberate systeni of fiauild habd been go - itg til fur' .yar pat, thes chief up p ,a.ent nator in-which wasa nman who -a ah,,rt tinie siiice all -delighited, to hLinoce'. It w'ould be wronig for us at the pit-eiet tnecuteor into the maeirits o)f iii' case, oir to expiess an opininn , Iat ni the scene tisseee we-caninot but thick chat the mystery for such it niudoiibtedly is~-is not yet cleared up, uaci that fue-ther mevelatilhias icill coine' tee light. The qeiest iciei eij were e'lt'd is, Where is tho ,nioneiy gine. te? Here wre l o'e u'som arnmonting. I' hthousmids of ponidis, :nissing, jand Lelanieeno report says. that-the --ceensed' I. a -iet a stiver. -- Whn-has~got it ? 'lhe eases acre. all singuliar 'oneas, and: in emeerynei of-them' there saieme~d -to ee eeomeihiiig which was not disclosed." Till evidence- in three of"'thein (whas iersibhly strong, and th&'pplid"inigi4t& tricte had nsoiilth~rna'ti've" ' i&to; litf AsrAuL.T - AND: ftOBB~ar.--Ont Thursday, the. 19Lh of-the 'present nionth, Ma*. Thomas -T.. - Iiddetlph macicd in -Sydnecy -froni: Shotclhaven, and pi oceeded -to take 'upi'his: abude at lt]e PsL' 'Office' 'Hotel, 'in' Yoik-. street. Iii the evemiing' he went forkeaI stroll,' and, abunt: 'midnight, when, walking in Pitt-atreet,' muda e oo'f onis ie~hindithiew him deawn andi sobbfed hica of £40 in bannk-notes--three for £10 each, and twak '.fo'r ~5 ecld hichie lie had iLa his -trouqers pocket. lie was net keiceked down but comae icthig ass thii'.wn sound his neck and' held so tightly that 'he fell dowsh-wam garotted in fact. The affair was re ported to the police, who after inquiry made, apprehended Joseph Davis, William Jamison, and Ellen Cleary. The prosecutor was unable to identify either of them; but two lads named M'Bride and Ried, who were on the way hoe- fruom witnessing a torch light procession, saw the prosecutor and the ftdiale'prisnner on one side of Pitt-street and the male prisoners on the* other;.-she waaterl to take hibis one way arid he 'pesisted irn going, anuother, until at length, when near Park-street, sbe went over to the men and said, "I will leave hini to you ;" the men then went after, hini-one of them, Janaison, put his arm round prosecutor's neck, and his knee toi his back, and held him while the other, Davis, searched his pockets; Jamison then threw wprosecutor down, who ex claimed " Ch l" ias he fell, and they ran away across Hyde Park. The lads reported at the watch 'house what they had seen, the prisoners were ap= prehended, . and on ,Friday they were committed for trial.. On Saturday inwriiing Jamison made his escape froom the lockup, and has -not since been traced. iFFECTS OF. FENCING. - The Dubbo Advertiser report,: - Wamn biana run, the property of Mr Francis Todhunter, comprising 40,000, acres, ini now enclosed, with :50 miles four and sixKwireifeancing, asnd divided into ten paddocks. When Mr Todhunter took possession of this *rn its carry ing capability was about 300, head of cittlh,aaad 6000 sheep; it now carries froi' 1200 to 1500 heari of cattle anid 10,000 sheep.-the latter occupy ing only about a, quarter of -the rnn. The advantage of paddocking sheep has soon become apparent at VWani biatia. ' 'Free from the worry and eo citement. of shepherding, and- being driven night and morning to and frum the fold, they do not waste grass as they used to do, while they thrive and fatten mnuch sooner.; Mr Todhunter tiudsalso that the sheep, being al lowed to chos.e their. own camping ground, d'. not soil their. wu,,lto any thing itke the extent they did when shepherded; in fact, they are at the present time almost as white as,if they haid jiat been wasied. And, the lamnbs recently cut, which averaged 80 percent., are, like the sheep, in tlst class condition. The famous herd of poire-bred Durham cattle, for which WnWembiana is celebrated, are also -provingtiy ,their condition the value of, quietness and ,repose .hich, pad doeks ensiire. PoIsONED A artows.-The following description of the poisoned arrows used by the Santa Cruz islanders, and with one of whieht they killed Commo dore Goodenough, appears in the Mel bourne Herald: -" Tbhu Santa Cruz poisoned arrows the 'ijriter has seen and handled, and the process of mak ing them was described to him by a 1Aari Lava (an island near Santa Crt'z) chief, -who used similar, ones. The shaft , is made of. a reed un feathered; about two inches of, its point is madeoof. part of the- lug-bone of ainan dead about.aix months;' this bone is- split, out and ground to a barbed point; it is th'en' steeped and satura'ted i'n tho' deuomposing flesh of a hbman; being dead about a' week, and is left' in this a week or ten days, and than dipped repeatedly in the thickened juices of certain poison -plants com m0on to-the South-Sea Islands- -This -point is-then -fastened loosely-in the rude shaft, so. that after penetration, on trying to " pull - the arrow out, -the poisoned -barb re mains in the wound. In -a na tive war, on a wan being wounded with one of ,these arrows,, his friends givb hiim all their poisoned ones, and he runs into thoethick of the fight, and wounds all hecan until he drops; which' he does in about two hours, dying in great pain in six or seven.- This chief aays nothing known' to the natives can cure the frectsaof these -arrows.- The -slightest` wound -is death, and 'no instance has been known of recovery, if once fairly wounded by a. pocisoned arrow., These; Saota. Crus islanders 'are ?thid most' treacherous in tlie Paniflo and even'their island neighbours dcs crit e themi as 'blood-thirsty cannibals.. Alaiy yabeealmted and lone trrade* Itave they cut off, lmnd only biuoly they. attaoked one of HI M1.s cruisers itself, when? becaslmied, anid tbef big gun had to -be used to beat them off." -:-TlteYaaa Courier says :-On Mon-1 day-last, a drunken afellow imagining that-:beg had lost a l£5 note, bad -a couple of,, respectable working men; ,searebed. on: suspicion of thaving ,robbod him..- Things are come to a pretty~pass when the suapictoos of-au inotoxteated man (who ought to bave 'bee ii inthe. lockup) 'are to subject hion'it labourers to the indiginity of being isearched I-'- -- -- - - Wednesday's Argus writes :-With intbe'last few (lays. Carroll; the ez ,'ember for Ararat, and the notorious O'Ferrall, -have been -added to the number of prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade. It is rather a curious car. eumatanee that the former visited-the establiphment-aome months ago -as a member of'Parliament. He* wasahown over the department, and appeared to take great interest in the general work iog of the establishment. Aoharaonaliburner named Nioholsoit was struck by a falling tree at Wal. hollow Station, Tamworth, on the 24th nlt., and instantaneously killed, having -both his legs broken, as well as: his shoulder-bones and ribs, and his head completely split open-the brains lyleg -ant hb round. . , , I 