THE LOUNGER. Barons, seem to have hard times here. Von Sanden, .the soion of the house of Bis- mark. is no sooner clear ot one sorape than he falls into another. Ho has been sued by a common oabmtin, and has got the worst of it: Another prinoely gontleman's nrivato transactions in ohrques are about boing in quired into. Victoria is evidently no country for blue blood. Tho privileges of oaBte are not reoogniaed by this vulgar com munity; nnd kite flying, unlesB Indulged in upon strict principles of fair play, is as dangerons a paBtime for a baron as a barber. We are' sadly prosaic hero. Surely we Should ' understand that these high born yodiig msn, who fling their florins in the gutter in Germany, and. whose nod and beck a host then watted on and served, do not readily understand tho difler- enco between a first and second of exchange, or tiiat they oan easily appreoiate the coarse de mand ol a hireling cabman for his fare. 1 should uot bo surprised if this vulgar indiffe rence to tho olaims of noblo birth were to carry the authorities still further, and lodge the gentlemen In Mr. Castleau's castle. How the poor fellows must sigh for thoir Germany. I have endured the torture of listening to a sermon spoken in Welsh, and sat it out in sheer wonder that the man who spoko still held to his tooth, and did not dlslocato his jaw. . I am, therefore, prepared to accept the promised competition iu Gislio singing as a possibility. ' ris said that Osaian saog; and I've heard a Highlander orone myself — and an infernal din he mado oi it, being drunk at tho time, and obstinate. This, howevor, was ths outcome of an individual, inspired by whiskey. But a competition of sauo and sober ColtB in Gaelio Biuging. Tae gruatiogs nf a ham and haaou ourinrr stools, the valu- ing of a kennel of hounds, tho croaklngs of mast and strain of shrouds in a gale of wind — think of these and you have Gaelio Bulging. ' Oh 1" as the play has it, "Improvo it altogether," and don't attempt it. There'll be some work for the dentists, however, If ems mi l prnjeoi. >s carried out, ana so iar is may do goal Gtolio ringing! Wow! but that will be harmony. So our boys of the will -w aro off at lsst : and ali we oan do is to wish thorn favoring gales, and a return to Melbourne orowned with laurels — or, more appropriately, willow wreaths The telegrams will be looked for auxi.uily ; for the suooosb of tho Sydneyites not only astonished our natives, who ex pected an easy victory, bnt gavo a healthy impetus to cricket, for the constant suooess of the Viotorians had made the intercolonial game such a foregone conclusion that almost all interest in it had ceased. However, the whirlioir nf Timn hrinnn ntranpe revefioes. and wo may at onos see onr cricketers vic torious, and at tho same time find Mr Coates, as oaptain of the losing team, ret pond ing aB gracefully and hopefully as he did as the general of the viotors on the Melbourne gronnd. We are essentially a queer people in these oolonies. Yet, as the wisest man has said, "There Is nothing new under the sun," and this has beon exemplified in the model oolony of New South Wales. Louis Napoleon went to war for an idea ; and to compare fallen greatness with meaner thingB, so did Messrs. 8audy Ross and Larry Foley. The first mentioned individual belongs to that mysta- rious socially 01 Danuea nrotners, jcirpc Orangemen, of whom I confess I do not know much novo - that some pious, great and immortal memory is quaffed as a toast, to the tapping of wooden shoes. Mr. Foloy of that ilk belongs to the other side, and stoutly resists any attempt of tbo re nowned Sandy to wear the obnoxious colour. So the consequence was that above fivo yoars ago thoso gentlemen were matohed by their respectivo partisans to fight for faith and filthy lucro. The con tending religionists were both beaton to a standstill on the first bout ; and although disappointed in the result, the lambs on either side wore equal to the occasion. The man of Boss, and at the stables of Bitt street, Sydney, he was formally presented with a hansom oab, painted a "true blue" colour, with orange rue, seats, nnd fittings, : and by way of approacliine the neareBt shade of their favorite colour the gallant steed seleetod to fill the shaftB of the presenta tion was a ohesnut. The friends of Mr Larry Fatey wero determined not to lot their champion bo ignominiouBly eclipsed ; so they forthwith started him in a tobacco nist's shop, with a liberal stock of goods. But ' ' ar»M virumjw" etc, and tho hearts ol these two heroes panted for tho fray, on the good old principle so dear to Britishers, of "seeing who was the heat man." Accordingly, they have lately taken another hand in tbo game of fisticuffs, and this time with signal dys oomfituro to tho orange champion, who ha.'l a narrow esoapo from a fatal crick in tho neck at the hands or rathor by tho arms and1 legs combined, of his opponents. Some who go in for muscular Christianity . may admire this sort of proceeding ; and it must be confessed that every man should bo allowed a right to exercise his own taste ; though to some persons the idea of making religious differences a stalking-horse for a prize fight of £100 a-side may seem rathor out of plaoo. Probably these two indi viduals of ihttened noses and distended biceps never hoard of the couplet — " For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight ; Ha can't bo wroHg whose life is in the light." I trust that in the interests of sooioty, Messrs. Ross and Foley, who, according to to day's telegrams, havo been re-arrested, will be relegated for a few months to a place whore they can, solus, oxoroi-o their muscu lar ingenuity in trying to knook a hole through stono walls, with the rcfhotlon left to them that they have not been more sue oessful In their class against class match than the politioal gladiator, Farkes, in his Kiama Ghost business. I notice in one of the morning journals, anenn roan gonuess wuu una laisiy ougngeu onr attention — I allude to Mrs. Vuloan, who has lately gone in for a transit — "of almostall the photos the exterior halo seen by some of the observers is reproduced — not, as might bs expootod, by a weaker deposit of silver round the planet, hut hy a stronger deposit of silver, which it would seom must have beeu produced by some light from tho planet added to the sunlight," I have seen this morning various people who aro in consider able doubt as to the meaning of this sentence. Muggins, who travels round sententicusly on nothing a year thinks that a stronger deposit of silver in his pooket Is much more calculated to cast a halo round his circumstances than a weak deposit of silver, which he interprets as paying his last threepenny piece for a pint of beer. Mr. i'ersplrer, who indulges in the pleasing amusement ef sweating the coios of tho realm generally, opines that " overy little helps," and that by tho aid of the combination of aoids bo lucidly explained by a gentleman from tho Mint in the City Police Court the other day, " a man oan make a godd living out of a weak deposit of silver, providing hp gets enough to oporato upon.' Tho soientific explanation seems to bo that it '« attributable to plane tary Influenoos, in whioh esse wo must s ip pose, in tho words of Mr. El'ery, that it is caused ky " somo light from the pUnet added to tho Bunlight " Whether ho intends this as a sly hit at tho old custom, so popular with somo individuals, of " sitting in the sun," is a Q E D. But probably Mr. Ellory will mako all this oloar in his coming conference with tho star-gazing savans of Europe. 