PASTORAL LETTER Oe the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, . To the Catholic Clergy and Laitg of the Diocese of Maitland. Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, — We have entered already into that period of the year especially set apart by oar Holy mother the Church for our sanctifica tion, and consecrated to works of penance and charity. Her priests, in the discharge of their high and solemn duties during this holy season of Lent, redouble their zeal in calling on their faithful people to return to God and to seek par don for their manifold transgressions. la the language of the prophet Joel, sbe cries out, ' Blow the trumpet in Sion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn asaemblyj gather together the people, sanctify tho Church, assemble the ancients, gather together the little ones ? Between the porch and the altar, the priests, the Lord's ministers, shall weep, and shall say, Spare, 0 Lord, spare tliy people, and give nos thy in heritence to reproach, that the heathens should rule over them ' There is no time in which the Church does not feel anxious about our spiritual interests, and to her all seasons of the year are occasions for carrying out the high commission, given to her by the Almighty, of promoting His glory and the salvation of soul3. But as her children are apt to relax their efforts ia regard to their etern&l; salvation, she marks out speoial times in which she puts forth all her energies and holy influences to bear upon us more effectu ally, and to impress us with the importance of the interests of our immortal souls. Accordingly, in the epistle read on the first Sunday of Lent, she addresses us in the lauguage of the Apostle, St. Paul: 'We exhort you that you receive not the grace of God in vain. 'Behold now is the acceptable time, behold now is the day of salvation.' Like the prophets of old, she warns the faithful of the great evil of delaying their conversion, makes every effort to reclaim them from their wicked ways, and to excite them to sorrow and an amendment, of life. Under her guidance the priests, as God's ministers and mediators between heaven, and earth, are to stand in the midsc of the people, to bring them together to sanctify this holy season, and to perform works of charity antL mercy. We must not forget, my dear Brethren, that if Lent is a holy season, it is also one of great responsibility, which we are bound to turn to good account, if we are determined to make due provision for the interests of our immortal souls. Almighty God will demand fs?om us a strict account of the use we have made of the graces so generously bestowed on us during this holy season, and if He find us slothful and failing in our efforts to turn them to advantage, He will take them from us, and give them to others who will make them, fruitful unto their eternal salvation, according to the words of our Divine Redeemer. ' ' Therefore I say to you thab the Kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and shall be given to a nation yielding the fruits thereof.' We must also approach the Sacraments, as it is by these channels of grace we mainly sanctify this holy season of Lent. All the faithful are commanded to go to Ho5y Communion within the Easter time, and to obtain pardon of tbeir sins in the Sacrament of Pen ance. Holy Church imposes the observance of this salutary comma'ad as a test of loyalty 5 and orthodoxy, and those who disregard. this j precept render themselves liable to be cut off from her communion and deprived of the many signal blessing8 arising therefrom. She summons her children together that they may unite iu fervent prayer, and where practica ble, assist at the Most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, wherein the -priest renews the awful mys teries of Mount Calvary, and exercises the j Divine privilege of consecrating bread and wine, \ of changing them into the Body and Blood of the I Incarnate Creator and Redeemer of the universe, 1 and. thus brings down by a singular power, on | out* altars, the second person of the Blessed - Trinity in His very flesh. j It is needless for me' to remind the faithful ! that; there is no public act of our ministry ab which' they can assist with Buch advantage as ? the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and I beg of the clergy to point out to them the importance of hearing mass, ana the singular benefits which they may derive from so holy a practice, which ought not tr» 'be oontinad to the Sundays and other days of obligation throughout; the year, but the faith ful, fully realizing the wonderful mercies of God, ought, if possible, to assist every day in tha year, and especially during the holy season of Lent, so that they may secure for them selves, their families, and friends, the blessings of heaven. In the Holy Socrifice, Christ is our High Priest and Mediator, perpetuating on earth the perfect oblation which He made of Himself on Mount Calvary, and which He is now for ever making as our advocate in heaven. Hence the faithful, hearing Mass, are associated with the Angela and Saints in heaven in giving Redeemer in securing the welfare of mankind and the salvation of innumerable 3ouls. In districts where the faithful have not the opportunity of hearing Mass, they should be most particular in attending to morning and night prayer. They should have evening devotions in their families, so that all may share in the blessings of this holy eeanon. Exhorting them in the language of the Church to receive not the grace of God in vain, we recommend in a special, manner the devotion of tbe Holy Rosary, which can be recited with the greatest advantage by Catholics living in the remotest districts. We rejoioe to know that very many good families in this Diocese attend to this devotion, and we trust that their number will increase more and more each year. Indeed, at all times and seasons of the year we should cherish a most tender devotion to the Mother of God, we should invoke her aid and appeal to her powerful intercession, remembering the words of Saint Bernard; that what God nan accomplish by His power, she can realize by her prayers. Acting in this way, the faithful will attead to the earnest admonitions of the Prophet Joel, and by their fastings and their pravers will secure the protection of heaven. The Priests too, standing between the porch and the Alfear, engaged in the administration of the Sacraments, will have the consolation of reclaiming sinuers from their evil ways and bringing them back to the paths of justice and holiness. Crying out in the language of the Prophet — (i Spare O Lord, spare thy people j' they will sanctify theiv flocks and save them from the dangers and evils that surround them in these difficult times. Hence the prophet prays : 'Spare O Lordj, Spare thy people, and give not thy inheritence to reproach that the heathens should rule over them.' Never, perhaps, before, dearly beloved brethren of the clergy, were we called on so. j urgently to give ourselves to the work of \ sanctifying our people and instructing the young — the special inheritance of the Church of God. It is not; necessary for ma to point out to you the unceasing efforts made by the powers of j the 'world to poison and corrupt the mind of \ youth by bad systems of education and irreli gious schools. We are not, indeed, exposed to the same base and cruel system of penal laws \ which our forefathers suffered for conscience ! sake, and bore with heroic patience and forfci- j tude, rather than renounce the ancient faith by ; which they overcame the world, and to use the j words of the Apostle St. Paul : ' Conquered \ kingdoms, wrought justice, obtained promises, ! stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the vio- ? lence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, re- ! covered strength fiom weakness, became | valiant in war, put to flight the armies of foreig- j ners, . . . looking on Jesus the author and ! finisher of faith, who, having joy set before j him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and I sitteth on the right hand of tbe throne of God.' i It is quite true that in the present age the axe and j the gibbet are not employed, nor has a cruel code j of penal laws been enacted against our Catholic I schools and schoolmasters, but dangerous and | pernicious systems of education, with a pretence i of liberality, are adopted for the benefit ofCatho- \ lie youth, which ara calculated to destroy the influence of the Holy Catholic Church aud liberty of conscience, which would deprive parents of their natural rights over the educa tion of their children, and introduce a fatal indifference to all religion. The Church, commissioned by Christ to teach all nations and to guide the faithful ia the ways of salvation, can never allow her children to accept such systems of education, or expose their immortal souls to the. danger of loosing their faith. She must of necessity provide for their eternal interests, and hence the priests, her ministers, are palled oa to regard, as their first duty, the instruction of the young ia sound doctrine, to provide them with spiritul food and to preserve them from poisonous and dangerous pastures. It is the right, as well as the duty, of the Catholic Church and of the bishops and priests, in whom and by whom; the Church acts, and speaks, to watch over and to guard the educa tion of Catholic children from the first dawn of reason. Nor can the Church or the pastors of the Church ever consent to renounce this right or neglect thi3 duty. Lst us consider for a few moments the mutual relations thab exi3t between the Cabholic Church, and the Catholic child. The Church protects that child before it is born, providing by. the heaviest censures that no one shall injure or, ex fcinguish it in its mother's womb, and when that child is born and brought to the waters of Baptism, the Church becomes its mother on higher and stronger bibles than its eartnly parents «an lay claim to ; and if that child once baptized can never forsake tie Church on any account;, how can the Cnuvch on the other hand forsake the child, and most of all at; that time of youth when ail depends on the culture and training it receives and when. the impressions made for a;ood or evil are the most fixed and lasting ? Add hero let me observe that ouca the children have been regenerated with water and the Holy Ghost, and have thus become the children of the Church, she i does noc destroy the rights of thsir parents nor ; does she tear thorn from their hoaoms, but sancti ' fies, elevates, ennobles the office of the parents } by aiding and supervising them in fche discharge } of. their important duties towards their clul I dren. ' i The Church can never forsake those children, becau3R her mission is to educate them and to [ make of them men, not only for tbis world, bub I for lieaven besides. The practice and principles of the Catholic Church, as handed down to us by history, aa well as the conduct of the present glorious Pontiff ia the famous Mortara case, admirably illustrate this doctrine. In the thirteenth century, when the temporal power and influence of the Popes were at the highest ; when' the brightest 'diadems in Europe paled before the glory of the tiara ; when Innocent III. Gregory VII, and Boniface VIII. ruled the world from the chair of Peter ; it was proposed by some that the infant children of Mahometans and Jews should foe forcihly separated from their parents, bap tized, And educated as Catholics, to the great increase of the Church and the salvation ' of souls. , The Angelic Doctor, St. Thomas of Aquin, gave this proposal the most deturminecl opposi tion, and declared that the Church could nob ?nanction such a practice ; he conflcunned it ; as ; nob conformable to reason, and denounced it as ; being repugnant to natural justice ; for nature y has made the child a thing belonging to the i\ father, and has decreed that it remain under the father's care until it had ' attained to the use of reason. 'Hence,' he adds, ' it would i1 be contrary to natural justice that the child! p before he has the use of reason, should be with'- ' drawn from the parent's care, or anything done '\ in his regard against the parent's will.' On the V\ other hand, the conduct of the present Pope with |\ reference to the boy Mortara is bo well known \ that it is unnecessary to state the fact of the f 1 case. The Church became his mother when he was baptized and made a child of God and heir to his Eternal Kingdom. The demands made by the anti-Catholic Governments and the in. fidel press of Europe involved, on the part o£ the Church and its head, a surrender of those rights which, as I have said refore, are higher j and holier than those of his natural parentB, and through the firmness and determination of the ! Pope, the boy Mortara in not only to-day a 1 devoted Catholic but a holy religious. Ia this sense the present Pope in his famous letter to the Archbishop of Frieburg on the 14th July, 1864, wrote the following words : — 'Those \ who prebend that the Church ought to advocate or suspend her control and her salutary action \ upon schools in reality ask her to disobey the & commands of her Divine Authoi, and to be falge 77 to the charge sha has received from God o£ ' guiding all men to salvation, and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the schools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger o£ losing their faith, there the Church would be ia . duty bound, not only to use her best efforts and , to employ every means to secure for fchem the ? necessary Christian education and instruction, ' but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn \ all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools aa being adverse to the Catholic Church. Hence it is, my dear brethren, that we can« ; not accept any system of education which is not subject to ecclesiastical authority or ia I unnaturally divorced from religion, and treats \ Catholic children as if they were the children j of infidels. In accordance with these princi ples the Australian Prelates, assembled in tha Provincial Council of Melbourne, condemned L, that system of education aiven in all public or r mixed schools, and required of the clergy and people ' to use every exertion to erect : Catholic schools in which the authority of the Church will be fully recognized, and the method of instruction observed which has for its first object the eternal welfare of souls, and! |. where the true teaching of religion is wisely combined with knowledge and progress in litera- f ture.' . m I Thia is the reason why not only primary j schools are being established by Catholics throughout the land, but also most zealous j ;' efforts are made and most generous sums contributed by the faithful towards \ the erection of convents, colleges, and high schools, in order to afford to the rising genera tion an education founded on the solid principles of the Catholic religion, and to place, within the [ reach of the wealthier classes, the means of. j receiving a commercial and classical education,. j and thus prepare them for the various stations1 . ) of life to which they aspire. With this view .t, we have established under fche patronage of the- f Sacred Heart of Jesus a High School in Mait= I land, which will be conducted under our !' authority, and which, while imparting a higfc . literary education, will take care to imbue its Catholic pupil3 wifch the principles of Catholic faith, . and afford them ample means of being ' thoroughly instructed in the doctrines of their holy religion. For this purpose we have secured the services of an excellant teacher, who for many years having cmiductad, with distin« puishert success, our Denominational schools in West Maitland, and haying secured the confi dence of both parents aud pupils, will, I have no doubt, give perfect satisfaction to all con cerned in the management of tbe Sacred Hearts High School, of which he is to take charge on: tha lst of Mra'ch next, under the superinten dence of the Rev. M. Mathews, who will also» - attend at the school and give instruction every; ; day- \ While referring to the noble efforts of the Catholic laity in the cause of Christian educa tion within the last few years, I take this op portunity of mentioning that representations, have been made to me of the great want that has been for a long time felt, of a Deaf and Dumb Institution, in which the Catholic children of this colony, who have not the sense of hearing nor the faculty of speech, could re ceive a Catholic education. It is stated that in the Deaf and Dumb Institution in Sydney adequate provision is not made for the instruction of Catholic children in principals and practices of their holy religion, and that, in fact, the parents and guardians of these afflicted children cannot, in conscience, send them to that institution. I cannot say what is the number of Catholic children in that institu tion, nor do I know what may be the number in the colony. But, whether they be many or few, I am satisfied that the Catholics of this colony, when their attention is called to their helpless and pitiable condition, both in a tem poral and spiritual point of view, will acknow ledge that they have a peculiar claim on public sympathy, and that every effort should be made to raise them from their sad condition, to afford them the means of holding intercourse with their fellow creatures, and what is of far graver import, of instructing them in the doctrines and principles of the Catholic Church, and making them partakers of the inestimable blessings of redemption. To my mind there cannot exist a more deserving or a more meritorious object than the deaf and dumb for the exercise of benevolence and charity. These considerations naturally re called to my mind the Catholic Deaf and Dumb Institution at Cabra, near Dublin, which I frequently visited. This noble institution which, indeed, I may call the pride and glory of Catholic Ireland, supported as it is solely, by the generous contributions of its Catholic people and receiving not a penny in the shape of State aid from the Government, has been con ducted for many years, by the glorious daughters of Saint Dominic, who, by their devoted labours, their indomitable perseverance, and their skilful method of instruction, have literally brought the deaf and dumb children under their care to a degree of mental improve ment which, can bear strict comparison with the progress of other children, gifted with all their faculties. I had too the great satisfaction of learning that one or two of our Dominican Sisters in Maitland, were acquainted with the deaf-mute language, and this, coupled with the fact that during the last few years they have had in their boarding school, a young lady a native of this colony, deaf and dumb from her birth, who, through their teaching, has acquired considerable knowledge of her religion and its holy practices, and has made great progress in several branches of literature as well as various female accomplishments. I should add, that the kind encouraging words of the several prelates to whom I spoke on this subject, as well as their promises of assistance I and support so generously given, induced me to propose, without any further delay or hesita tion, to the Sisters of St. Dominic at Maitland, that following the example of their sisters at Cabra, they may undertake the management of a Deaf and Dumb Institution for the benefit of Catholic deaf mutes in this colony. I have great pleasure in announcing that the good nuns have acceded to my request, and, ere long, I trust a commencement will be made of an institution destined to shed signal bless ings on this colony. It will of course be con ducted under ecclesiastical authority, and having for its object the education of the poor as well as the rich deaf mutes, it will to some extent depend on the charity and generosity of our Catholic people. In this respect the system of management will be quite the same as that in the institution of Cabra. The zealous and successful labours of the Domini can Nuns in the cause of education both in Maitland and Newcastle, so highly prized by Protestants as well as Catholics, warrant us in hoping that the new institution which they so generously undertake will advance and prosper. In this noble work of charity they will have the blessing and sanction of the prelates and priests of this country, and the generous sup port and fervent prayers of the Catholic people of New South Wales. You are aware, my dear brethren, that great efforts are now being made in this and other colonies to inflict, a grievous injustice on De nominational schools and to rob the Catholics, of their unquestionable rights in the matter of education. Unfortunately the spirit of liberal ism, which rules supreme in many countries of Europe, and which has been waging a con tinual war against the Catholic Church in Ger many, Switzerland, and Italy for the last few years, has found its way into these colonies, and men of all classes and professions, and even ministers of religion, are leagued together for the express purpose of withdrawing from our Catholic sohools the small share of the public funds which we are receiving, and to which, by the number of pupils in attendance and the efficient state of our schools, we are entitled by the law of the land. They now insist that our holy religion and all its holy influences must be banished from our schools, and, no matter what state of efficiency they may have attained in imparting secular educa tion, they are to receive no aid because the children, in accordance with Catholic teaching and the teachings of our Divine Lord Himself, are trained to seek first the Kingdom of God and His justice, and are taught the doctrines and precepts of their holy religion. Our children ask for bread and the secularists would give them, if 'not a stone,' poisonous food. The Catholics, on the other hand, declare that they can never oonsent to such a proposal, or banish from their schools the holy teachings of the Catholic Church, for whioh their fore fathers sacrificed everything, even their lives. They have made great efforts to erect schools throughout the length and breadth of the land, and both by word and deed, as well as their ' generous contributions, have afforded the strongest testimony to the deep interest they feel in securing a Catholio education for their ch ldren, and given proof of their deep attach ment to the pastors of their Churoh, and their adherence to this point of Catholic doctrine. Not many weeks have passed away since the striking intelligeros reached us, which utterly astounded all lovers of education, that the Catholio people of Wagga Wagga, headed by their bishop and clergy, had raised the enor mous sum of four thousand four ? hundred pounds (£4400) in the cause of Catholic educa tion, and te- provide a convent and home for the presentation nuns who, abandoning friends, home, and country, have lately come from Ire land, to devote their energies, their taleuts, and their lives to the education o.f the young in that district. This fact, as well as many others which it is unnecessary to mention just now, prove how utterly groundless is the assertion so often made that the Catholic laity were not in accord with their bishops aud clergy on the question of education. We were also told that the Publio \ schoo's were most popular with the masses of the people, and yet it is acknowledged now by their supporters that it is necessary to ask the State to provide, not only two-thirds of the | money as laid down in the Public Schools Act | for the erection of such schools, bub the entire i sum, owing to the great, difficulty of getting 1 .any contributions from the people. TheCatho lius subscribe the entire sum for their own schools, and the supporters of the Pnblic schools will not subnoribe a shilling. It is not difficult to see which of the two evinces a real interest in the cause of education. We submit it as an injustice and a tyranny of the worst kind, to deprive our sohools of the pecuniary aid to whioh they have an undoubted .claim, if the Beoular education imparted therein IS i be satisfactory and meet the requirements of the j law. The mere fact of teaching our children ? the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, without, of course, tampering in the slightest degree with the belief of others, shouM nob be au obstacle to our enjoyiug all the privileges granted to the oommuuity at large, nor should we be deprived of our rights on aooount of our religious and conscientious views. This doc trine of seoularism in education, or divorce of religion from soienoe, is the greatest calamity of the age. They ought ever to be wedded together, and go hand in hand, like two sisters, forming the minds and hearts of children j their union is the perfection of human knowledge. Knowledge, without religion, leads to mischief and to intellectual pride, and this pride brings on moral decay and depravity. Solomon was the wisest of men, and yet he lost himself as soon as he forgot the knowledge of God. Secu lar or godless education is a ourse. not only to individuals, but to nations. The terrible evils of the first French revolution were brought on by wicked men, who banished religion from the public schools of the country ; and wherever such pernicious principles have received any support or countenance, infidelity and revolution gained the ascendancy, and brought misery and desolation on kingdoms and nations. Under these circumstances, it becomes our duty to offer our moat fervent prayers to the God of mercy to driva far away from us such evils, and it behoves us to stand between the porch and the Altar, crying out with the Pro phet : ' Spare, O Lord, spare thy people, and give not thy inheritance to reproach, that the heathens should rule over them ;' and begging of Him to save this fair and promising land from the dangers of secular education, 'for the Lord hath been zealou3for this land, and hath spared His people. ' And as this Diocese more than a year ago was consecrated to the Sacred Heart of Jasus, we should have recourse to Him in all confidence to protect the little ones of the fold, towards whom He showed a most tender love while on earth, from the ravening wolves who are making every effort to devour them, and to deprive them of the blessings of the holy Cabholie faith. We should beg of G-od to bestow on all the prelates and priests oi the Australian Church apostolic fortitude and zeal, whereby they may be able to provide a truly Catholic education, not only for the humbler claases of our people, but found convents, schools, and colleges in order to meet all the requirements of the pre sent age, and thus prepare the Catholic youth of the colony for their respective positions in life. For the rest, brethren, ' be strengthened in the Lord and iu the might of His power. Put you on the armour of God that you may be able to stand against the deceits of the devil, for our wrestling is not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, against the ruleri of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places. There fore, take unto you the armour ot God that you may be able to resist in the evil clay, and to stand in all things perfect. Bph c. 6 \+ JAMES, Bishop of Mai bland, Maitlaud, February 17th, 1875. 