NEWS AND NOTES. Another death by being roasted alive took place at the Springs, Bungaree, on Saturday between one and two o’clock, the victim being an unknown swagsman, of whom there is not at present the '/slightest means of identification.' It appears, from what we can learn, that on Friday evening Mr Long, : schoolmaster, a£ ithe N Springs’, saw.-a - ’ewngsman enter the premises.. Sir Shannon ns a butcher’s shop and general store, but as it was usual ;-for travellers to sleep in the shop while journeying, not much notice was. taken, -Sbortly.afterqne.o’clock; Mr Long heard/the, crackling of burning, timber, t and on going to the door saw'the’store all ablaze.' Adjoin/ irig tlie atore is 'situafed ' the Lucky Hole'hotel,' also 1 unoccupied; and’-Mr Long; 7 seeing -it "was' useless I attem]ptibg:to save’ the 7 burning building,’- cut-down’ the feneaiconneoting.the two;.premises/ and; thua pre vented .the.spread of. the.;fire. „ Later; ,;day-iMr T. Richards, the owner, of the with. MrEdng/’vYere going over 'the debris and discussing the matter; when Mr Richards; in oyer' .some ,of the fallen 7 burnt timber,' exposed the 7 remains 7 of a‘ ‘human’ being, ;; biit so burnt and ’scorched as to be -en tirely unrecognisable. It is supposed that the swags-, man seen by .Mr .Long on the./preyious evening,, had by , fo/ the ; .plaoe, aiid.’l had’,’ been' buint- in theEames. .-la'd.-, in, We T undqretahd that/Hetective Eason has/bean.'apt;' p'ointe’d ; ; v acting;’inspedtbr;;Jor;i-the .Ballarat idistrict,! during the''illness of’lnspector Culkin, who’takes the place; of ‘Mr: Ttyall.; ‘ Acting-inspector.Eason’s 1 duties will tie/to conduct drimihal cases in, . the lo wer .'courts, and generaUyassist Superintendent Hill in-his duties.- It isjto be presumed that JUrßason/s/apf ointment;- has ,beeh made. for,, the publioVgobd, but as lie' • holds/, but the status of a first-class sergeant,it;is,’to.-.be hoped that proper care will be taken not carelessly to . ruffle the proprieties of those other first-class sergeants holding the position of officers in charge of stations, most of whom, if not all of them, are'quite competent to duties’ now ’devblving' upon Mr . Eason. It may be stated, however, that Detective Eason .is one of the oldest officers; in the,,force, and this'fact' may;' probably;'help to -solace';'the;' tender feehngs of i those : whom- his temporary, promotion may tend to excite. ‘ . v- .; ; On Sunday afternoon a miner named Henry Richards, a resident of Rokewood Junction, was re- ceived into the Hospital, suffering from a bruised back, hip and side. It appears that he had been engaged in making a dam for Mr Logan, near Mount Elephant, when the bank, which was eight feet high and four feet wide, gave way, and some of the earth fell on Mr. Richards, inflicting the injuries already mentioned. It is stated that he would most likely have been fatally injured had he not been partially shielded by a dray, which broke the fall of the earth. Romeilittle, excitement.was causedat the -lower end of Bridge street pn Saturday night-by a bright light bobbing about ah the eastern hcavehs, the'cause o't, which,. .wa3i.-,npti £ apparent. -The;, mystery, . however, turned out to' be a lantern of some sort tied to the' tail’bf "a'i kite'.by some boys in 'the/'Melbourne; road, died ‘oiit. i ' Our Smy thesdalb correspondent writes“'jA'n.'acoi dent,iwhich:!:Was;.very;;naaiiy; attended .with- serious results, toofc’place on-the Linton road,’ neiur the* Black-' Hill hotel, on Friday’afternoon'." A lady'arid gentle-’ mag were travelling ini the direction of’Scarsdale in a buggy, and when within a short distance of the above mentioned hotel, one of the-wheels of- the buggy struck against a large stone, and the geutleman was jerked out of the trap. The horseimmediately bolted and rau-tCb : vebiole'hgam¥t'’ r the’ vefandali ; bf .’the’hotsl, throwing the lady.head-foremost near.the bar door, and 'tearing flown 'two' of the posts ;'6f; thb .verandah.. Strange to - pay, nnitber gentleman, lady/ horse,- nor buggy was injured, and the who were .strangers,'’ 'shortly "afterwards;; proceeded.'; oji:' thebe, journey.”, , ... .... . , ; V... . ~ .., ... /Thh.oiher day ,while a young geutleman was fishln'g at j£irk’sfl)am he;caught:a very large .eel.'! On weigh ing itj be found it turned the scale-at 5 lb; -It' was three feet in 'length' 4nfltefl inches-in* circumference at. thei thickest part. Since then ’several ..eels have been caught. ” It' is” said that the one referred to is the largest yet known’toibe oaught-in. the dam. On.giinday a. youth thirteen years of age,.named Alb’od>'liVilabfl). e/f esiflehfc of Black Hill. Flat; vyas boat-,. ing on LakeWeudouiee,: jyhen tjhe. boat ran .among, some rushe3'.- The ;: yo.uth got oi;t ;td pu3h the boat, and' unfortunately liis'fo'ot scythe; whereby he sustained a wound bn/tha,foot aiid also Another on the knee; ; He -’was - received;’ into the’ Hospital the eiine eybaing.'' Whetherleft by'abcidbnt. or inadvefteneb,; it is ai; pity tjjpf a acyfhe'sho'uld /haye, been in such a place. ;v.;..- r. ; ’i>. iA-iday.or-two ago,..Mr. Ritchie,, of- the Linlithgow hotel, Warrenheip, on breaking open a boiled duck’s egg, found a green pea embedded between the white and the yolk bf.tbe egg; ■’'He- accbuhls for it being there .from the fact , that his ducks cre ja the habit of feeding in the garden.';..The question very pfltflHiJly arises, howddid.the pea-get inside theshell?-: Speaking of'mysteries,--we may state that-on- 1 Sunday, while a gentleman iii'Billarat was dissecting the breast;.of a fowl for dinner, be fPWd nblack.pin firmly embedded in the flesh.. It is presumed tfiat the fowl had swal lowed the pin, and that it had finally worked its way into the breast’bf the bird. - ■ - 4\. row, which resulted' in serious injury to the landlord of the Rock of Cashel hotel, Mr Darcy, Dunn’s town, oocuyigd’late on Saturday/ night. Some men (?) ' went' into the bar gsd commenced ”a ,dis turbancm.and’wourid up by. throwing bp|)#B. at Mrs ParcyJ • Mr Ddrcy who is laid up with the measles, ; lieiirfng tfee 'disturbance, 1 got out of bed to; go to the assistance of bis wffih' P Q eritering the bar he trod on the broken glass with.bis. bap? .feet and out them so severely that 'Df HicholsCn' had' to be' sent for early on Sunday morning.' The cowardly ruffians, whqqe; Carnes we were unable, to get for.the present/ got off so'ot frsc. ■ " ■ In the late Civil Service Examination, the following pupils of the Camp street school were successful in passing, viz., William V. Bain, George W- Rlandford, James B. Crow, Joseplrß.;-,Phillips, and John .Ware. Our Smyfb.osdale correspondent writes;,—There area great number cf persons suffering from measles in this district. It is at'thckiug-adtjlts as 7 well as children, and in some cases caußing great ’distrecs.' 4-t Italian Gully ’a whole family, -with the exception of; the father., are laid' tip 1 , : aud he is compelled to leave them whbiiy unamended to during the day in order to earn a subsistence by fossicking.” The following toll-gates were offered, for sale by suction, at;the Royal hotel on Saturday by Jlr S; Q. Valentine,-on -behalf of the Buninyongshire Conned:—r Borhon'eygbgrfc foil-gate, on the Geelong common toll road; Mount Meroor. ’toll-gal??, .on the Buninyong to Mount Mercer main road; Winter’s Flat toll-gate, with check-gate at Napoleons, on the Rokewood main road; South road toll-gate, with'check-gate at Warrenhoip and Seerewerrbi on'tbe Melbourne to Ballunif main South road. ’ The t yjo latter gates were passed in, the bids not coming up to'the’ bowed's reserve. The Mount Meicer gate.was-sold- to Mr, ,W. Renpy for £lO5, and the Borhbneyghurk gate to Mr T. Ryan for £2is. The annual meeting of the H.A.C.B. Society, Bal larat district, was held at the hall, Dawson street, on Thursday, lithinst.j Br Michael Copbejtt, district president, *in the chair.' J; 0 Brien^D.V.P., occupviiig'tiio vice-cliair, and : a large number of,dele gates from the various .branches .'irew also present. .I ne bußiupga Jiaving beeh-disposed of the election i ,for { t|§ with the following, result, " viz:—Bra M. J. O'Brien, D.P.; F. Sheridan, D.V.P.; D-.Brophy, D.T. (re elected); and T. J. Jieane^D.S;'Sheeted). . Bra J.F. Dineen and J. liar tin'ware Selected-, auditors for the same period, andßra M. Corbett^,Brophy, Wm. Kinane,,and B. o.’Cal!«ghaa-\siyere elected to repre ■Bah%th>t®aUarat''distriet at the .'annual meeting of: tMfwHble’ society, to'be"heldsin Melbourne , in Feni? rii'ary.:. An illuminated' was voted to Br, Miohael.Cprbett :fdf ..fierricea ;rendered to the district dunng jh&tenufaj-pf; office.,..!A. vote of. thanks to the Tetiring'pffioera responded to,, the meeting closed in the'usual form: Lake Wendouree seems to be swarming with small perohj- from four-to aia inohea in length,—just-nb- pre . sent, .Fishermen complain that their baits are taken by• these: vSraiabus youngsters, which have to be -thrown, back into, tfae.water, .ani thus ~valuable, .min-., nows and other brits arewaateffi*. .The average weight of the perch is thoughtbb bVsbmewhat less than last year, but this appears to be a somewhat hasty infer ence. jßobert Parker, who for the last fourteen years had resided at the Standard Lead, Linton, went to the neighborhood of Melbourne a short time back and got employment as a laborer. Two weeks ago ho sent for his two boys, and arranged that his wife and four re maining children were to join them in the course of next week. Mrs Parker has received a telegram stating tiiat he was accidentally killed this forenoon while at wbrk; it is presumed by a fall of earth on the road works on which he was employed. ;Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“On ;?Saturday r afternopnja testimonial: was. presented to'Mr. -W.'R. Baker, the late manager of the Eldorado Cbm-C pany, Smythesdale, and now manager of Ihe Maiden Hill Colnpany; -Majorca!. Thereiwere ;ab6ut~aixty of the shareholders and workmen .present . on the occa sion, and the manager,' Mr George Kidd, was voted to the chair. He referred complimentarily to Mr Baker, arid called on Mr JosepliMatthews to present Mr-Baker with the testimonial.' Mr 'Joseph Matthews then handedrto Mr Baker ■•a‘' watch : and guard inthb name ■p£ ' the* company.--( In ' the lld- of-the- watch was-' inscribed:,.'.tPresented ;to Mr "W. R; Baker by the' shareholders of the Eldorado Company; Smythesdale, in recognition of his services!'whilst manager of the company. ,-.sth January, 1875.’;:. An illuminated, tesy limonial,* bWiitifully 'framed," was'' then read by Mr Matthews, and prescribed 1 tb Mr Baker* It was as fol ‘ lows:—Tp 'Mr .Wi' EV Baker— shareholders of the EldoradoQold Mining.. Company (Registered), Sinythpsdale,; in presenting yqu withjthis;address and accompanying testimonial, in recognition of the successful manner in which'you have managed, the affairs''of 'their company for a priribd of 1 three’y'eare,, cannot allow this opportunityto pass without ex pressing their appreciation' of the unremitting' atten tion- 'andinterest;, you.have 'always'shown in’ thb discharge of your duties, Jaridl it is with feelings of ■deep regret they,no,w ; part,with ; ypur services. * By the-, attention .and ability you- have displayed,-you have, gained--tho * confidence, good will; 1 and, respect of the whole body of" the' shareholders, whilst your general’ courtesy; sobriety, and gentlemanly conduct have won for you the jeateem of;the workmen, and alFwho have' had any business to tranaaohwith the company. In conclusion, wo can assure you that the good wishes of ;.the shareholders accompany you fo your new field of labor, and thay trust that prosperity and:.happiness may ever.attend yourself and family in, your future career "through life.—We ’ are; 1 dear Sir; yours faith fully (signed), J. D.- Willluison, Chairman of the Board of Directors, .on behalf of the company.’ Mr J; Matthews said, after reading the address; that he hoped it might be the means of assisting him through life, and call to his remembrance the old friends whom /.he had left. Mr Baker made a suitable reply, and several toasts weie drunk in honor of the ocoasion.” 1 - The Eastern Oval this evening is to be the scene of ‘a novel display under the auspices of the Rifle Heath. Music, phantasms, and what not besides, are /to be the diversions on the occasion, and if the weather be, as it promises to be, fine, the affair will be very, pleasant. „Tbe grounds will, be illuminated by. three or four hundred Japanese lanterns purchased for the occasion by Mr Lewis. Dancing will be allowed on the gniaa, .with; the exceptionpf'a portion* that'will be’rbped oft' f in ! the centre.'-*Tlie'phantas magoria is ,in , aptivo.., preparation, and . the. feats of Blondin on'the right rope,'wheeling a barrow, cooking an omelet,> &o.;';,were rehearsedbn*Saturday night, l and' if they create half the amusement’to the spectators that they did. to, the. chosen, few who witnessed, the ! efforts' of 1 Ihb‘gentleman'' who is ' to'/represent" the renowned- original, if will,;bef a' ; most'- 1 unqualified .success. , , . j. Th'e'Cßy Club have 1-just-added to. their already largo fleet of boats,, a fishing punt for the use - of the .members; ..The punt has beeri ”made by,7a carpenter and' two” Sailors qrthe'Aeheybleht Asylum-’forfhe aum,p£ 1 'having'already';built' one for themselves.”'" . •; -The/ children l at..the.,.Orphan-*Asylum who were suffering.:from measles;* have--nearly- all '/recovered.' School will-be re- opened to'-day. -"" -- *>.-i-- ' The following insolvency has beenffiled:,—Alexander* Webster* Gruden, "qf Rochester, late; bant manager, now. farmer;* } Causes, of.inaolvenoyr—Heavy expendi ture incurred in- defending-a charge of embezzling a valuable-security,.alleged.-to-. be the;property of the Union Bank of Australia,.and. seizure under a bill of sale by said bank, of property which he is advised he has improperly assigned to the said bank. ' Liabilities, £2278; assets, £2294105; surplus,' £516 10s. The members of the Victoria Yacht Club held a kind of regatta on Saturday afternoon (says the Herald), several of the finest yachts engaging in a competitive sail round the Bay from; Williamstown.!" The run was twice over a course marked by thei Gclibrand lightship, a boat'moored a mile and a.half, to tbe'Sbuth east/'-bi- boat' off St/Knlda pier, an’d the ‘ wreck buoy off Sandridge. The yachts, entered were —thepQuceii, iNaiadj Mischief, Zuleika, -Frolic, and Kathleen... A,start. was ,effected shortly after half past one ’o’clock) arid' tlie 'race is now proceeding. The most astonishing ‘ success' has attended the pupils frrim the College;: ihe young ladies from:that institution’ the Ilamillbn Spcc tator j bedten their male competitors'by severarpointa.- Of the five girls who-offered themselves for the ordeal, four p&ssedibolh;'the Matriculation and Givil'Service, one-: taking-credit in*-English, and. French, another credit in Frerich, and’ a - third' credit in' Euclid.; The-' fifth young lady passed.. the.. Civil Service; arid but;for. a little nervousness would,'have done. aa, : well asitho. others. We suppose there is not a single school in the colony,- either for-boys: or girls, that will be able to boast of an equal measure of success with the’ Alexandra College at Hamilton, and when the fact becomes known that the institution has passed all the candidates sent-up,-'constituting ton" per cent! of thb, whole number of ita pupils'; arid-'has-done this in th'e second year after its foundation, vve.iaay. expect to see,, young ladies from;'ail- parts of-the - colony’ sent to Hamilton,tOjbqeducated. ; v <■ '-! I';* . The Geelong bench on Friday, gave a decision ofsome importance' £sajfs the "Advertiser) to.wholesale store-, keepers ! and raerebanta. T}je firml'.-df ,Fink' BrbsV sought to recover the sum'of £8 Is fid' for goods sold and delivered to Edmund Sheppard,* a storekeeper at Smythesdale; £2Ts 6d had been paid into court, but tl;e rgnjqinder was :for eight cases of kefbsenejWhich defendant objected to pay for on the, ground that they.were not in fair order andcoadit}on.' Jt appeared they had been returned a day or two ago, br after the summbris' wris l served.- Mr Fink contended -that the goods had left his warehouse , in .good order, and he was not responsible for their condition on arrival; but the bepcb held otherwise, and made an order for the money paid into'court, virtually giving n-yerdiot for defendant. The final tussle for the Trenerry prize cup came off on the Ballarat Bowling-green on Saturday. Messrs' M’Cubbin and Johnson were the competitors, and the cup was won by Mr Johnson. A challenge-for a match on the Ballarat green next Saturday, has been received from the Melbourne club. On St. David’s Day, 1st March, the Welsh Eistedd fod will be held in the Mechanics’ Institute, when an entertaining prograirima will be gone through. /A- list : of.songs, .duets, splgs ,qp ,tb.s at>d-puui9forte'..hM been : prepared for comperitiori, anil' a cborns pf. • be? tween fifty and sixty perforiners will assist ari the festival. Those desirous b£ competing must serid in aijpljcatious before the 15th February;- - ■- The humorous Mends of Ijr John Ijfayes, in this district aridv rit -■'"Mbrtliikej-■' will" regret (says the Warrnamhpol Standard) Jto learn that he' died, ori, Wednesday last, rif'the residence of his , l ? w, IJr 4 'B; Mackay. Mr Hayes filled the position of post'mMtef aafi electfie telsgranfi mpniiger at Mort lake'for several years, r ;;Wb (Aryta) learn that Mr Brown has .definitely decided to withdraw from the contest- for the North eastern Province. Mr William. Wilson will, there foro, bis retu7gs4* Circuit Courts are dead, and Assize Courts sre to live in'their place. The Assize Courts for Ballarat will be held on : the 18lh February* 13th April, 22nd July, and sth October. The General Sessions will be held oa;tbe }st June, 24th September,: and Ifith De cember. The irisolverity Cfljlrts will held when’ 1 County Courts are held. .. * - ■;- The following is Mr Elligat’s. report under the Scab Aot for theffiallarat district:—“ In with plause 12 of t()0 Scab Act, 1870; Ihave the honor to report on-the statri of the flocks in my district; . The whole of tho Ballarat diatriota.Hoa. l and §- .arp pro claimed olain;.and there'la.-no known scrib, in either of. them. I have granted permits to 223 applicants for the admiasion of 377,524 sheep into. the Ballarat Nos.; 1 and 2 clean districts during.the quarter ending on Slat December, 1874J’ ~ - , , ~ ,-. -Touching the costume cricket match, to be given in aid,of tfie widow of l Con. Wtirde, the flcraWfias ie ceived one of the cards o£ the match, and finds that the following characters were down among otners. Lord Dundfearyj-Mr-- B.N. Mr Fred. Belton; Diaholhiaeß^tlie '"Brothersi Ghost of Hamlet’sjFather, Mr.J. H; Eainford;\Cupia, Mr E. Hollo wayVlEphraim Fox, the Quaker, _Mr JBarry O’Neilj- PauU Pry, Mr-,^ o°m 0 ° mi 1 P T ° 'Morning 'Glories, 'Buckley fund Holly; JJie Wolf, Mr W& Kyan;s"Clown,i Mr Flexmore; Eanfaloon, Mr Tdlano; Mefaber ofi F. Lloyd, Baiichus, |Mr PgSßelfiold; Tha v Old-Member, Mr J3ind;T?ClaudeiMelSatte,. Mr;'M.: 'N. Douglass; ■The 'ManeFish, *By Himself; Dr ’Pangloss, Mr W. Hoskins; Wizard Oil Prince, Frank Weston. ' , Hrt,-evinoon"i3'gazetted ■a‘" commissioner of* the Supreme Court for taking affidavits. Mounted-constable H. M. Mumford is gazetted ’crown lands'bailiff at Lintotrvicc Sexton; transferred, : Hares are becomingvery numerous in the neigh bprhoodbfCampefdown.(3aystHe^a»y3^^^wa^aw^)» ample shelter being furnished - the. long, grass and ferns to be found in some of, the paddocks near, to wn. t» A Grip for Life,” -is the subject 'of a lecture, to be delivered by the Rev. W*-G; Banning to-morrow evening, at the annual meeting'of the, Sunday-school lufnion, Dawson street Baptist .Church. 