THE 5 H ms whlotjghbyiS I i — r ' M Bt B. LtEtr tufioir - AUTHOR of Meu.-ea LiTBBY,' ' jw |H — m CnArrBE I— Out op the1 tv._ Hi . wuda, ''" HB It ffis the general belief in the neigkboatiwi, Q thet Mr< Willoaghbj, oMiOngmire JBUn » It was in the family. Hie father before hi HK been held mad, or worse j for what else could! H said of ft than Who Jgsf S his tithe to diM.aJ |R 1 1„ J A- i, I- wu,BmDn BIB mice anu muiw, auu u»u« uu euruQUerj a Dta, W«f plRoe by the dead things hueg up in the treei fa H dry ? Comparative anatomy wag a icieaoe w Qo H good repute when old Willonghby took it Jn HI j to discover its secrets j and the skinless boa H and bleaching bones of bird and beast dsurt H from thb brttngbtt Of a gtotlftmah's oraBy - Hg iroodj made a gkasily and fefolting tlkittarttts II of pleasant .property that set every local aristocrat ; Bl againet the evil- dorr, and gave the place »y 4 H& name it never lost. The amatenr asatoiaiit »? (I ihe Iahmaelite of his locality ; and if he escsJa I i raver suspicion than that of a very uncomfJ S able form of intatiity froth the geairy, the coml B monalty, mote uncompromising, made up for ft bt 9 crediting him with every sin nhdet heaven rf » which atheiith, sorbery, and dealings with the B reenrreotloh-mfen, Were about the rhost diittn1 1! When bil son therdfofe, the pfesent John IB loughby,.beoame the owner of Longtime H«U IB began nia oareer of plain living and high think IB tog,' he found himself dedicated to suspicion and derision beforehand by the neighbours j and even i| plan that he proposed for the advancement of 9 knowledge or the regeneration of society «u I received with distrust and dismissed with H Th- .. r ocn' H wiupw I «R«v If viiU) we wugmito &UCW; 1| fg BBS good enough for its inhabiUnts Before he 11 into it, they said j and they were in no ty 1 minded to be drilled into ways whioh ended in 11 such remits as weie to be seen at Longmire HtU, |1 For Mr. Willonghby, in his pursuit after the ideal of philosophic simplicity, gave up one after 11 another of the ordinary conditions of a gentle. V man's mode of living ; till, after having ancoa- '' Bively laid down his carriage, dischsrged hif K men and reduced tbs n&inbsr; df his female idf. - 1 rants to t#o-theh to one, and as time went ontti i none at all—sowed his flower, be as with pot-herbs ; made his conservatory into a hen house and hit j I hot houses into infirmaries for his sick lire-stock, 1 ll he iound himself reduced to a state of simplicity 1 1 which was next thing to savagery, with a house I and grounds given up to decay, desolation, and f neglect. It was his idea of righteous living sad a g philoiopher's benefiting environment j bet it did fi not please the people of the place ; and the breach I existing between the man of original ideas sod it the world of stereotyped habits m which he lived, m grew so Wide that for all practical purposes the If owner of Longmire Hall was an exile in his ova F house, cat off from society as too disturbing in his views and toe audacioas in his impiety for the recogniiion of sober citizens and professing Chris tiaus. Meanwhile throe children had been bofn tS him : one eon and two daughters j and hit Vile had died abroad. Ho one knew much about thit last fact hdwbthr, loir one Of his principles being the absolute authority of a man over the members of his own family, more especially the female members, it never occurred to him that he otsd any account Jo society of his wife's death ifid burial. If he had thought g Odd to hiiv# hidhtt embalmed as an Egyptian mummy, that be might keep her for ever in his sight, or if he hadehosea to fling her dead body uncoffined and unranotified into the river, he would have done so, with tbs most enfeife ihdiSsrsnoe at to Whit the wow would think. It might think as it liked for sdhfi Willonghby, provided it left him to do as fa liked. Liberty for himself and authority over others tew the twin deities of his personal sphere ; md 10 long as he could retain these he let the wit go If the owner of Longmire Hall had odd mrtiwi about the simplicity of life as a philosophic gtwft he had Stfdbg hbtlti&s; about obsdiescs « womanly glory. He need to say that he Wdk oil stand on the elemental principle ofiex,andheaeiieaj and divided, the world from that vantage froon 1 From this elemental principle be haa dedu« t whole code of morals and mahhefs, neatly Wn lated under the several heads of Differ®# Duties, Apportionment ofWork,HaturalAm®P>' ments and the Bighteonsness of Feminiss DBS' jection. To man he gave the root and thenoi the wine and the oil of life t td woman bs gs man ; and he always maintained that her pornw , was the best. For her activities he alsiSue, r. the care of the children, the painstaking 1 bntion of the money allowed her by her nMJ and, no matter what her social oonamon and personal fulfilment of all domestic a I Hence, his wife ia her time and now hudMlo"? in theira had the whole of the housework on I hands, as the duty belonging to their . I condition and the crown of glory PWP g them by the eternal fitness of things. , thus, as may easily be seen, as harmony with his period as his father be , j had been with his g and his social stswj. j made matters worse. Had he been a his erotohets wonld have attracted no I being one of the county families, it was . j I that more than <me magnito said shouW » P® d0S two daughters, Marian and SUen, some, high-spirited girls, I pleasure and the flesh-pots, had themselves to ttieir father s " rjfrrtsw Thej called his phflosophic ful stinginess, « abominaMo I best of other epittiets more shong nious; and they pitied themselvm M of oapriehHU tyranny and paf»W«g indemnified themselvean the best wvp todrtvaher W'®. toway thay 4»ai muoh reason for ttwigwrerdl ; Bsport aldd atratogathings ladies who efluM crown of gl«7 wi heofog nsr - sMd, tafor ati, that neither T»y 'punishments oould their father Ll a - so much feminine instinct as fcKmt pudding that oould be eaten, or aoed fri,-jaa be slept in. U mmt hMr fotTb£i> put to »o«, W daughters of a oqpalffonaflj"® 52 port mid mgetoito have been at home seeing to the kitohen S and 'seconding the little things in soak/ they careering about the laBes and fields, some- Jio9 alone, but oftener With two young men of district —the one of whom was Harry Mars- VV the son of the rioh distiller of Marsden Folly, US' the other Julius Stanford, the heir of Dutton ®To both of these young men, as ill luck would . it Mr. Willouehby bore the most passionate, J1 treasonable, atefsidh to the one because he 1 - the 6on or an uneducated parvenu whose h'e sometimes shaky, and the blue blood of the aristocratic Liberal disdained parvenus— to the o her because he was the son of a bigoted Tory iiaiM who denied the doctrine of human equality and kePfc his ladies like drawing-room dolls ; to hoth because they held ne high principle of life, the arbitrary philosopher counted prinoiple, tot £Hfed only for pleasure and the present ho»r, personal success and material advantages. Do grapes grow from thorns? neither then from lioh fathers oould spring sons worthy of the name and destinies of men with brains wherewith to think and souls to be saved ! Ibis he had said loftily one day when Marian, to break ground end try the lay Of the paternal land, had spbken of the young fellows carelessly, and »«ked her father why they never came to the But a parent's private reasons for liking or dis liking young people of either set seldom affect the children. Especially did theif fathers, in this case, seem to the two Mi?8es Willoughby Utterly absurd j for, if they had had to give an opinion, they would have said, judging by results, the Marsden and Stanford parental stems were surely, so far from being thorns or thistles, vines of the most splendid fruitsge ! To Marian, Henry, and to Ellen, Julias, were yorng Apollos good against the world j and it is doubtful if a Voice from heaven would have Changed their \- fTlittw wiivA in fKa HnliAtrifiif &0A and fpmiUUe VTVXO Qjects for love ran short in their lives. They BlnDg therefore with all the mere tenacity to those they had met with in the dark. On their side, the beauty, the courage, and the bone hardships of the girls bound the young men with a double chain of loving pity and chivalrous desire to release them. They would have had no hesitation in releasing them now at this very moment, but for the absurd prejudices of mothers fcid sisters at ho&o;, and tb& shameful power of fithers over the family cheque-book. Still, there fisoret interviews, begun in sport by the men and tit the very recklessness of weariness by the girls, were assuredly destined to become matters of grave import as time went on, and romance should ripen into the sober possibilities Of reality. Beside these two gifts left to their father's au tocracy at home, there was, as we have said, a loo. But he, following Mr. Willoughby's ideas of sex and apportionment on the other side, had been educated at Eton, and was now at Oxford ; —theoretically that his cuo might be dipped deep in all sorts of pure wells, and his ihind bo- ftfifle a magazine of ghdd things fitting him for his futttrb important rote in life as the head of a u3use, the owner of Longmire Hall — man the ruler of woman, and man the brother of men. In real it v young Claude was mainly occupied iu qualifying himself to pail stroke in the University boat, defying the Proctor, dodging hiB bull-doge, and making his college tutor's life a burden to htm by reason of his unconquerable idleness ahd tnanifold miedeedB. It was not the best or meet harmonious kind of training perhaps, for tbe future wise ownership of Longmire Hall — not one that would lead tim to value its carved oak cabinets full of carefully-mounted skeletons, its shelves loaded with natural cariosities preserved in spirits, and its rare old library, where the books were rotting under accumulated decades of duet. The duct, the handsome, self-willed, pleasare-loving lad would be pretty sure to sweep away as his contribution to the better ordering of tbe world ; but for the skeletons and the curiosi ties in spirits, the black-letter books and early editions, and all that these represented, they would fall into uncongenial hands enough when they should come into his 3 for, of the special veins of intellectual 'madness' traversing his father and grandfather, not the smallest fragment, the thinnest lamina, could be found iu him. It was a question, however, with those who knew both, if the lad would ever live at Longmire Hail when be had it. And it was a question with those who knew all three, if his father would leave it to him. The boy, perhaps unwisely if truthfully, always professed the most uncom promising aversion to the place, for all that it was his birihright, the home of bis childhood, and his presumed ancestral inheritance. And it was a gloomy old tenement enough. It was a worm-eaten, weather-stained house, set in tbe heart of a dense wood which no Willoughby had yet dared to thin. The race had been beither spendthrift nor grasping; consequently, though not entailed and the absolute property of each successive owner, its oaks and elms had been re- speoted as things inalienable and belonging to tbe title- deeds as muoh as the laud itself. Marking the boundary of the home- wood, flowed the swift and sullen Mortey ; a river that never broke into scudding spray nor laughed in running ripples over sunny pools ; a river that never leaped from rock to rock like a creature rejoicing in its strength ; where no fish darted in silvery shoals from their hiding-places of sheltering rock or moesy green j and where no growths of stately water-plants were borne like gold and silver trea sures on ite breast ; but a river that flowed with a strong and steady current, silent, oily, blaok, like the river of death flowing down to eternal night. There were places in it of unknown depth, which seemed as if they hid all manner of awful secrete and nameless crimes — places full of terrible tra ditions of suicide and t urdrr, where the doomed bodies of strorg men waited for the eternal judg ment, and the helpless hands of women and their children had been stretched in vain for pity. Gloomy, soddened, matted with poisonous weeds and barren of all beautiful life, its banks seemed to swarm with the ghosts of tbs dead things below. They were to be seen in the thick vapours that stole up in the evening, as the pail that covered their graves ; they were to be beard in the mut tering of the wind among the dank alders and the rotting weeds — that funeral dirge which never oeased j— -in the how) of tbe winter storm and the soft moan of the summer air ttey were ever and always to be heard, sighing out their sorrows, calling vainly on God for help ; witnesses of crime, viotims of despair, who sent men mad from hor ror of what they told and revealed. Set full over this stream of evil history, bnih on the top of a m n < :-fc . h ; I omhuug toe water, was a email Gazebo of four rooms. It was a place whioh no one now, save Ralph Bowsley, the aturly old hendy-maa about the Hall who chopped wood and moved heavy weights, eras ®t« ee& to cuter; and he but seldom Hhe anatomist had used it as a dissecting place for his bats and Creatures 3 and the present Mr. Wil loughby had been accustomed to sit thdre In the first years of his marriage, when be wished to meditate in peace on the perfectibility of hu manity. But since his wife's death he had given up the keys to Ralph j and the place had been abandoned to a bad name and mildew. If the Hall ittelf Was odnfiidered but a doubtful kind of abode for a Christian gentleman and his family, this special offshoot was held in infinite horror. Not the bravest poacher of the district would hare ventured near it after nightfall, were the trees set as thick with birds as the bushes are with berries ; and, had the river been teeming with fish, every fin would have been safe in that special stretch of water overshadowed by this deeolate ereotion. For it web haunted. Sure every one knew that ! Indeed, there were many who swore to having seen the ghost that haunted it — an awful thing with ice white face pressed against the dirt-encrusted panes, and some added blood on its waving hands and across its spectral breast ; and some swors they had seen lights in the upper rooms, where the ghost mostly showed itself— -corpse lights, burning dimly at midnight, and fruitful of evil to the wretch who saw them. There were many who could tell you all about it ; how the godless old anatomist had OHce decoyed a poor maid there and murdered her for the sake of ber bones. Those bones, of which he was so fain, were reputed to have strange properties be longing to tnem for those who oould use them aright; and what the skulls and vertebim of moles and mioe oould do, naturally enough a fall- grown human being's could do by just so muoh the more. This was logic, though not called by the schoolman's name j and, to the average mind about Longmire, unanswerable. Wherefore they gave you chapter and verse of ocular demon stration, and moral reason why, the Gazebo was and must be haunted by the ghost of the poor mnrdArpd maid ahnnf. vhnm awanvaiia trnarir annriA. \- - - — - — WWWMW »» v v v vuw auv n aviuv thing, but no two the same thing. For all these reasons then, young Claude Wil loughby might be almost excused his intense hatred of home, connected too as it was with the remembrance of a repressed and unnatural child hood, dull and gloomy holidays, and, as time had gone on and his knowledge of men and manners ha si increased, with a state cf things for his two sisters for which his ycung indignation had no bounds and his disgust could find no name hard enough. AU that was beBt, as well as all that was worst, in Claude, was wakened into anger at the life marked out for hie sisters by his father ; and the only thing that ever roused him to exertion, or sent bifii to the lecture- room with a determination to profit by what he heard, was his 'desire to ' get on ' for their sakes, so that he might have a home where be could take them from the tyranny and mismanagement of Longmire Hall. It was seldom that Mr. Willoughby left either the house or grounds. His longest walk was rarely further than to the great elm-tree that stood in the midst of the tangled shrubbery, where he would go sometimes on a hot summer's day to discuss wood-oraft with old Ralph ; who also had his ideas — master and man often dis agreeing, but the man as often getting the better of the master. One day, however (it was ov,e first of May) stung by some oestrum of unreBt, or led by some unseen spirit for a purpose, he de parted so far from the habits of years as to drift beyond the gate of his own property, over the bridge that spanned the sullen river and into the road. He made a striking picture as he sauntered down the road, his long white hair lying In feathery curls far on his shoulders ; his blue linen, blouse, open at tbe neck, showing his delicate white chest as a brawny navvy or a weather- beaten sailor might show his ; his keen light-grey eyes searching tbe hedges for a new flower, the sky for a rare bird — a peripatetic philosopher of & not quite new sort, seeking to dragoon men and women into virtue as interpreted by him, and holding it as a personal affront when they abjured his leadership and preferred their own. So far as he had gone yet, most people had so ab jured. Even his own children had been recal citrant with the rest, and had disdained his fa vourite formula of 'Ladies in the parlour and queens in the kitchen,' as now hypocrisy, now an insult, and always nonsense. Still he never doubted but that he should be victorious in the end and make them what he wished them to be. 'They are young yet, and have no power oi' prevision. They never think that I have their future in my own hands, and that I can make them rich or leave them beggars by my will. II' they had as muoh sense as that dear robin there, they would remember that I am all-powerful, so far as they are ocncerned, and they would be careful to avoid tbe wrong path where they are walking now, and to take the right which hither to they have refused. Sad ! sad 1 but no doubt they will find it before too late. He was thinking this with his fine benevolent air, and taking comfort in the thought, just as he passed a turn in the road and came upon & girl sitting on the wayside bank, resting. She was evidently very poor and had walked far, for her naked feet were dusty and her thread bare clotheB travel-stained. She looked hungry too, and forlorn ; but she was substantially clean in spite of dust and travel-stain, and, though hungry and forlorn, poor and in want, she was as beautiful as one of Guido's angels, and her face was almost as pure in its expression. She looked up as Mr. Willoughby came near — a yearning dumb- beat kind of look shining with prayer in her soft eyes ; but Bbe did not beg. Her parched lips moved mechanically, and her pale face flushed with sudden hope as she pushed the hair from her forehead wearily j but she made no evert sign. And her very silence charmed where maybe the most eloquent prayer would have re pelled. ' Who are you, and where do you oome from ? asked Mr. Willoughby, suddenly stopping before ber. She tottered to her swollen bleeding feet. 'My name ie Jessie,' Bhe said simply, folding ber hands in a childlike altitude bebiud her back. 'And what are you doing here?' he asked egain. She glanced round her dejectedly. 'Seeking for work,' she said ; and looked at road and river as if the answer to her wants lay written in visible words on eaoh. ' You are young to be alone ; have you no one to take care of you P' He said this almost sternly, Interested es ha was in fchisyouug creator.-, who was evidently no common baggsr, he couii not tamper with bis conscience so far as to shut his eyes to the fact that she was alone, henoe a woman under no restraint, and looking for the, work she ought to have found lying to her haijd at home, prepared hj the eternal fitnew of things Tears oame up into her eyes. My mother died this week,' she said 3 and I am nothing but myself now.' ' What can you do P asked the philanthropist. A sudden idea of remunerative benevolence struck him. ' Nothing,' slid Jessie 3 then she added, with a pretty air of profound conviction, as if it was a discovery she had just made, and that makes it hard.' 'Yes, that makes it hard, as you say, he answered ; and great blame rests on those who should have taught you better. Meroiful powers ! n hat are women fit for if they cannot go through their appointed tasks? Man is a meat-eating animal, and it devolves on woman to cook the food he provides. He to take soalps and hunt buffalo, she to seethe flesh and sew skins.'g ' I oan cook a little,' she said timidly. « When there was aDy to do I did it ; and all the sewing. My mother made me sew, and always said I was handy at my needle.' ' You oau cook and sew ? Then you have got your fortune in your own hands. And what more you want you can learn, cried Mr. Wil loughby almost enthusiastically. ' Yes, I oan learn,' she repeated with & patient smile. ' I can learu anything I am put to.' ' Well, oome with me, and we will see what can be done,' said Mr. Willoughby, drawing the beggar girl's hand in his arm. And in this strange guise he walked back along the road and through the grand old rusty gates with their quaint carvings and twisted iron-work, and so up the broad carriage drive, through the wilderness and to the desert he called bis home. But to poor Jessie, waif and stray of humanity as she was, the companion of penury aud the house mate of hunger, it was all as fine as the finest palace, and not a want was to be seen anywhere. —'New Quarterly Magazine. (to be cohtonted.) 