MARK DUJTFIELD'S REVENGE. ALL Mark Duffield's friends who knew him wellsaid how unfortunate it was that he, Whose chief failings were a quick temper and a jealous disposition, should be engaged to Chat pretty, fascinating, mischievous little" flirt, Kitty Kingsley; and some of them, shaking their heads, predicted that the marriage would never take place. And if Mark had kcoira before he met Kitty that she was a flirt, he would probably for his own peace of mind have taken measures against failing, in love with her; whilst, had Kitty been aware of the failing of her lover, «he might not have carried oh as she did with Mr. Kiehard Newman, and that only six weeks after her engagement to Mark. As it was, when he Erst spoke to her about her encouragement of Newman's attentions, she laughed in his face, and said— ." O, dear, Mark! how can you foe so jealous?" " I am not jealous," said Mark, flushing ; " at least, not now. If I were "—and he frowned somewhat ominously—" you would not find me by your side at this moment. Kitty." "02" said Kitty, tossing her head, and looking at him laughingly from the corners of her eyes, " O, what a grancle seigneur it is, to be sure! " . And so she turned it off for the time with one of her pretty, piquant airs, and went on trifling with handsome, vain, frivolous Dick Newman, Mark's class-mate, until Mark fancied everybody in Oloverdale was laughing at him, and he grew half-wild with mortification and jealousy. So there was another interview with Kitty —rather stormy this time; and she first laughed, and then cried, and finally, halffrightened at her lover's vehemence, gave him.thepromise upon which he insisted—of • maintaining a dignified distance toward his presumptuous rival; for when 6he declared -she didn ? t care a straw, only "it was such fuD to pretend to flirt with him—he was so ..awfully Tain," yet Mark fancied that the promise was given with a certain reluctance, and -from _ that . moment he doubted Kitty, and watched her. ^ Now, everybody knows that when a jealous lover sets himself to watch his lady-love, he is sure to find plenty of ground for suspicion. And,, unfortunately, Miss Kingsley was not a particularly cautious or prudent young person wherefore matters progressed speedily to the memorable crisis which was to form an era ; m the history of Oloverdale. Poor, thoughtless Kitty! Poor, unhappy Mark ! A week after this, Mark Duffield was seated on vthe college- green, engaged with a book, while near him reclined a group of young men chatting idly in- the dolce far niente of the • afternoon racessi ' What have you there, Newman ?" inquired one. "You appear as deeply interested in that bit of paper as though it were a decree of life and death." " As perhaps it is," said another, laughing; "JOT if I am not mistaken, it is la belle Kitty's handwriting." . "-How do you know that? " "How do I know? As if I had not myself: been favoured with a specimen before you came. I would swear to the handwriting •of that address:—pretty and piquant and changeable, like herself, the artful little -" A secret nudge from tbe elbow of his companion directed his attention to Mark, whose presence he had forgotten. • Newman, whose back was toward him, had not perceived it at all. He folded the note, placed it carefully m his left vest-pocket, and hugging his arms over it, observed mysteriously— " It may be that all notes are not alike. One may, as you suggest, be a messenger of despair, whilst another carries with it life and I'll wager what you please that yours there does not come under the iacter category. Now, don't shrug your shoulders, and pretend to look mysterious. You've 'had your share of that little weather-vane, Miss Kitty; and we have all seen for a week past which way the wind now sets." This taunt seemed to chafe Newman, and arouse his vanity. . "Ah, indeed! "said he sarcastically. "And suppose that in this note she explains what your wisdom couldn't quite see through. She's afraid, poor little thing, to show any open preference, considering that she's engaged, and watched oh all sides! But there are other ways,, you know." "You lie!" exclaimed Mark Duffield, starting up and confronting the speaker with black countenance and eyes aflame. " You be ! Aud_if you do'not instantly retract what you have just now said-: " Some one pulled him-back, and Newman said doggedly— "J will not retract the truth." " Truth ! " cried Mark, furiously. " If it be true, let me see that note." " A lady's note is sacred." " Coward! you cannot get off by such an evasion ! I challenge you—to show me that note!" ." . . . . . ' _ tyfark had once before challenged a fellowst.'.*L?nt, though .in not precisely the same manner as now; and Newman, who was not by any means remarkable for courage, changed countenance a little. Besides, he was now provoked to retaliate on his successful rival; so, after a moment's hesitation, he, with a malicious smile, held out the note open, to his view. "There!" he said aloud; "it is Bimply, as you see, a request for me to drop in at Doctor Macom's this evening after tea, with the understanding, of course, that I am to escort her home. She is to spend the evening with her friend. Miss Clara." Mark glanced over the few lines. They were in JKitty'a well-known and peculiar handwriting, and their import was precisely as Newman had stated, with ; the addition thatshe would explain to him the cause of her late altered conduct, of which he complained.'' Mark Duffield's eyes grew blind, and his head dizzy. He threw the note from him, . and walked away, indifferent to the possible remarks of his companions—indifferent for the moment even to his .rival, and feeling only as though a great weight and darkness had . descended suddenly upon his soul crushing it into a stupor of pain. ' An hour after he fonnd himself in Kitty's presence, heaping upon her a torrent of ^bitter and passionate reproaches; - ; - IJoor Kitty was frightened—more at his wild and excited. manner than at his words. Atfirstsbetried to turn it off. It had been really Clara's proposal, that of asking MT. Newman just to drop in for a moment after tea; and they had a particular purpose in so doing—a little plan which—which really she wasn't at liberty to" reveal now, but would tell him all about ih a. day or two, when—when j " Stop ! don't attempt further to deceive ( me. and peijuro yourself ! " cried • Mark, passionately; "but if you must be false to jne, tell the truth and let me know it. O,: Kitty, Kitty! how I have loved you I." And Mark Daffield, who had never in his life learned to control himself, passed from stormy anger into abject misery, and throwing himself on the' sofa, fairly' bnrst into tears. Then Kitty came gliding up to him, with her velvety, caressing hands, her soft purring voice, and gentle, neBtling ways so exactly like one of her o wn namesakes. "Mark, dearest, don't be foolish! It 1b foolish to be making all this fuss about nothing—or next to nothing. I did write that note," said Kitty, with ari expression of innocent and artless candour; " but it was only in fun "—(here she smiled, unseen by Mark)—" only in fun, I assure you! And now you believe me, darling, don't you! And you will love and trust me always, won't you ? You must love me, Mark, dearest, else I shall be so wretched ! " Then she timidly put her arm about his neck, and laid her soft, velvety cheek close to his, and sighed a little tremulous, plaintive sigh. Mark was half conquered ; nevertheless, he looked up, and said almost fiercely: " Kitty! I will not have matters go on in this way." If you do really love me— " . " 0 Mark, you know I do ! " " And do you really wish me to love and trust you, as I once did ? " " 0 Mark, don't say that!" "You must make me a solemn promise. I give you at this moment your choice between Newman—(he set his teeth at the name, and ground out something that was not exactly a benediction)—between Newman and myself. If you prefer him——" "Prefer him, indeed !" said Kitty, scornfully. " You shall never see me more. Or, if you choose me ; " "Of course I do " " You must swear to me never to see him, if it can be avoided; and never,, under any circumstance whatever, to speak to him again. Will you do this ? " Kitty hesitated. There was something like a shade of disappointment on her face, but after an instant's reflection she looked up brightly, and said : " Yes; I declare to you, Mark, that I will avoid him when I can, and will never, on any account, speak to him again. The mean creature, to show my note! I hate him !" And almost with the last word there was a queer little ghost of a smile trembling about the corners of her mouth—a smile instantly suppressed as she met Mark's gaze. And somehow that smile haunted and troubled him despite himself. Was she deceiving him—making a dupe or a fool of him? Did she mean to play him false after all ? "If she does- " said Mark to himself; and he set his teeth and clenched his hands hard as he strode back to his cottage quarters. For a day or two he saw but little of Kitty. We have said that his disposition was revengeful, and do what he could, he had not quite forgiven her that note to Newman, or the humiliating position in which it had placed himself in the eyes of his fellowstudents. He resented it in his heart, and yet he still so passionately loved her ! . a- -sf # if. "Duffield," said Tom Linton, in a low voice, as he passed his arm through that of his class-mate, "come with me; I have something particular to say to you." The something particular proved to be simply this : Mr. Dick Newman had written to Miss. Kingsley, reproaching her for not having kept her engagement at Doctor Macom's and suggesting an accidental meeting at the spring in the public square, about twilight. "And here is Kitty's answer," said Tom, briefly, placing a note in his hand. " I thought it no dishonour, but rather a duty, to let you see it under the circumstances: You ought to know the girl whom you purpose to make your wife." This was the note, in that same well- known handwriting of Kitty's : X was really disappointed in not being able to see yon that evening at Dr. M.'s. I dare not.meet you at the place yon mention, it isBO public; tut if you will^oome to the "Witches' Pond this evening, a little-after sunset, I shall be sitting on the bench, nnder the big chestnut-tree, and we can have an explanation. I am Spending the day with Clara, so can stroll down there unobserved. K. Mark Duffield read this note three times before he could credit it. . "It is a forgery! " hesaid, fiercely; "the work » of that infamous wretch, ' Newman " I think not," said his friend, calmly. " Indeed I know it came from Miss Kingsley, as I was with Newman when Miss Clara Macom's maid delivered it. He showed it to me, and asked if I thought he ought to go; as I verily believe, because he was too cowardly to go alone, even to meet a lady. You know the place has a bad name since the murder of - the old woman who lived in the hut by the pool; and Newman is notoriously superstitious." Mark said not a word in reply; His face was set and rigid, but his eyes were all aglow with a restless fire. How could he believe ihis of Kitty, his betrothed wife?—the girl whom he had so devotedly loved, and who had so lately sworn that she loved no one but himself, and that she hated Newman, the man whom she had now appointed to meet in that lonely and secluded place, the Witches' Pond ? Mark "Duffield felt aB though he should go mad at the thought. He would not go to her She would deny^ it all, and make a dupe and a fool of him, as she had done before. No; he would go and see with his own eyes whether it could he true; and, if so, he would—yes, he wonld kill Newman ! And, hardly knowing what he did, he put a pistol in his pocket. Twilight shadows were already gathering as MarkDuffield entered the lonely woodthatlay at the back of Doctor Macom's orchard, just without the town, in whose still depths lay the little: pool called the Witches' Pond. Looking down the slbpe above, -he saw the water, lying still and dark, the shadows of the overhanging elms blackening it just where the anfortnnate old woman, called a witch, had>foeen robbed and drowned by somB unknown ruffian; and on. the bench nnder the chestnut which had shaded her lonely hut, he saw—yes, he saw the form of Kitty, his promised wife, seated and awaiting her lover! Her back was toward: him, but he could-see her perfectly, dressed in white, with- the pretty straw, hat trimmed with harebells, from beneath which fell the dusters of--her brigfct golden hair, rippling softly in the breeze No wonder that his blood seemed for the moment on fire—no wonder thiat rage, and pain and jealousy, and revenge, made a madman iof- him... Under such excitement, other men have done what he did—committed in one instant a crime to be avenged by a life-time of agony and remorse. Mark Duffield, in fact, did not know .what he was about. He was simply mad; and it was in that mad impulse that he drew out his pistol, took hasty aim, and fired. As the report rang out, he saw Kitty start, threw up one hand, reel, and fall slowly forward, prone upon the ground! And then he rushed away blindly through the wood—not impelled by fear, but in a mad impulse to get away from himself, from the horrible truth that he had murdered the one he loved above the whole world, and that her form was now lying lifeless beneath the trees in that lonely dell. So, for two hours he wandered on, and then suddenly a desperate calmness fell upon him. He would atone, as far as in him lay, for his crime. Kitty should be avenged. He would go back, avow his deed, and deliver himself up to justice and an ignominious death. It would be a relief to die, for he could never again be happy. Doctor Macom had a party of friends to supper that evening, and they were all very much surprised when they beheld Mark Daffield walk in, pale and haggard, and with blood on his clotheB and hands, from the scratches of the thorns and briars through which he had passed. " Why, Duffield, what on earth ails you ? you look like a ghost! '* said the old doctor, coming forward with proffered hand. But Mark shrank back. . "Don't touch me!" he said hoarsely. " I —I am a murderer! " " A murderer! What do you mean ? What have you done ? " cried the doctor, in surprise. " It was I who killed her ! " said Mark, mechanically. " You can take me into custody. I have no wish to escape. I shot her." " Shot whom, in heaven's name ? " "Kitty—Kitty Kingsley! I shot her!" repeated poor Mark, wiping the thick drops from his brow, and utterly unheeding the exclamations of horror and astonishment on every side The doctor turned to his daughter, who stood white and trembling beside him. " Clara, where is Kitty ? " "I—I don't know, papa. She went down into the dell through the orchard, and " "Yes; it was there that I killed her, You will find the body there," said Mark, calmly. "Come with us," said the doctor, firmly grasping his arm. " Come and show us where you committed this deed, wretched young man. It may be," he added to the horror- stricken company who followed, " it may be that she is not yet dead." . "And you," whispered a gentleman to a pale and trembling servant, "run for your life, and bring a constable." In a short time they had reached the hollow in which lay the pool. The moon was bright and clear, and shone full upon the spot beneath the chestnut, where lay the form of poor Kitty, in her white dress, prone on her face, and with her golden hair all tangled about her shoulders. The old doctor stooped and lifted her carefully. "Is she dead ?" they all asked eagerly. "Not a breath of life in her body," answered Dr. Macom, as he supported the limp and lifeless form in his arms, and peered curiously into the white face. "Shot?" "Through the .skull!" was the reply; and his features worked in nervous twitchings, as though he were striving to suppress his emotion. . Then he turned to Mark Duffield. " Why did you do this deed ? " "Because I was mad—mad with jealousy!" he answered desperately. The doctor looked at him keenly. " You already repent of it? You would undo it if you could ? " ; f With my own life! " groaned the young man in his misery. " But it is too late ! " " What if I tell you that it is not as bad as you suppose ?—that it is not Kitty yon have killed?" Again'the doctor's face worked curiously. " Not Kitty ?" gasped Mark. "Not Kitty?" cried a dozen excited voices. . " Who then ia it? " For answer the doctor laid the limp form of the unfortunate victim oh the bench, put back the hat and tangled curls, and turned the face upward to the moonlight.. All pressed eagerly forward for a view, and at the first glance fell back with an exclamation of horror, followed by what seemed to Mark a peal of demoniac laughter. Could they really be laughing, or was he in faot going mad?" ~ » "Fortunately," said the doctor, turning to him, "yon have been saved from becoming a murderer in hand, howsoever much you. were so in heart. Look on your victim, and be thankful that you haye not the mark of Cain npon your brow." , Mark looked. He saw. a skilfully-contrived figure, made up of pillows, and surmounted by a grinning skull, adorned with some cast-off chignons of Miss Kitty Kingsley and her friend, Miss ClaTa Macom. "My best skull," said the doctor regretfully, ''ruined! shot right throngh the occiput." .And again the peals of. laughter resounded. As Mark Duffield fled from the spot, ho heard the eager and excited shouting of a mighty crowd, which, led on by the sheriff and two constables, came rushing toward the scene of the tragedy. He scarcely noticed it. His only thought was, " thank > Q-od that she is not dead! Thank God that I am not a murderer' " But next day MT. Mark Duffield was missing from college, and thfe place that had there known him knew him no more. \- He wrote to Kitty, who returned his letter, with these lines added:— I did loTe you, and was true to- you in every word that I spoke. I did hate Dick Newman for presuming to think I wonld agree to -his proposals of secret interviews; and it was with the intention of punishing him that -1 -wrote those two notes.. .. Clara can -tell -you so. For -tha rest, I cannot love or inairy a man who i£0w&rhaT8; .taken my life. KITTT. : - Her mood'must. have changed somewhati before the letter was finally scaled, for in a P.S. she characteristically added the follow-I lag:— ' I wouldn't so much, have minded the skull being, fractured ; imt it was too bad that the hat should have been trained by tho ball passing through the crown. ;jrvi • Arid this is the whole history of the Coverdale tragedy, as it is called, and over which certain unfeeling folks of that town (including Kitty) are still wont to go into convulsions of laughter. 