FIFTY YEARS' PROGRESB. (From the Times.) Few things in our day have experienced such rapid development as the electric telegraph. It is true that nearly 2000 years ago the keen-sighted, inquisitive Greeks had set about to inquire into the source of that marvellous power which we call electricity, and it is equally true that this invisible force must have existed a long time prior to the inquiries of these an cient Greeks. But the practical application of it as it exists in our day is a thing of comparatively recent origin-so recent, indeed, that many of the early dis ciples of electric-telegraphy have lived to witness the realisation of all their hopes, and more. As early as the year 1600 the subject of electricity and magnetism be gan to engage the attentionof thinking men in England and throughout Europe; and to this period belongs the Latin treatise of Dr. Gilbert, of Colchester, which may be said to have been the first really practical work on the subject. Then followed the discoveries of Stephen Gray, a pensioner of the Charterlhouse, Du Faye, Franklin, Galvani, Volta, Sir Humphry Davy, Ritter of Munich, Oerated the celebrated Dan ish philosopher, Arago, Sturgeon, and Faraday. These, however, had all laboured more or less in the higher field of electrical science; although as a mat ter of course, their labours tended in no small degree to bring about the consummation which very speedily followed the important discoveries of Faraday about the year 1830. Prior to this-viz., in 1753--one Charles Morrison, described in the Scot,' Magazine under the initials " C. M." his so-called "Expeditious Method of Conveying Intelligence ;" but although lhis system may be said to have contained the germ of that now in use, it was so costly and so little " ex peditious" that it required a separate wire for each letter of the alphabet, and practically a separate ap paratus for each wire. Morrison's plan was repro duced some twenty years later-in 1774-by one, Le Sage, a Frenchman, who submitted it to Frederick of Prussia, as an original method of electric-telegraphy. But it soon dropped out of notice, both in this coun try and abroad ; and, as is well known, the frat really practical telegraphs belong to the year 1837, when Messra. Cooke and Wheatetone took out their first patent. The subsequent history of the electric telegraph need not be dealt with here, except so far as it derives additional interest from the perusal of a somewhat curious work published about fifteen years prior to the inventions of Messrs. Cooke and Wheatstone, which probably attracted little notice at the time, and has long since been forgotten. In 1823-just fifty years ago-Francis Ronalds, of Hammersmith, whose labours in the cause of electric telegraphy were as ardent and persevering as they proved disheartening and unprofitable, published for private circulation a little work entitled " Descriptions of an Electric Telegraph," which it is interesting and instructive to read in the light of what has been achieved in regard to telegraphic communication during the past half century. Mr. Ronalds appears to have been the first to make the experiment, on any great scale, of sending a current of electricity through an aerial wire, which he erected on a " lawn or grass-plot" near his residence at Hammeremith. Of course, it was impossible to erect any great length of single continuous wire in such a situation ; but Mr. Ronalds very ingeaiously surmounted this difficulty by erecting two wooden frames, placed at a distance of tweoty yards from each other, each frame being traversed by nineteen horizontal tars, and each bar having thirty-seven hooks from which depended silken cords, supporting and also insulating a small iron wire. This wire, which made its inflections at the points of support, composed in one continuous length a distance of rather more than eight miles ; and when it was charged from a Leyden jar, and the shock passed through two insulated inflammable air pistols, the result was, in Mr. Bonalds's own expressive way of describing it, that "three of the senses- viz., sight, feeling, and hearing-seemed to receive absolute con viction of the instantaneous transmission of electric signs." We need not follow Mr. Bonalds through his detailed account of the experiment, but the impression which it seems to have made on his mind, although recorded in somewhat crude and homely language, is remarkable as foreshadowing very closelyindeed what has come to pass since then. He says :-Tle result seemed to be that that most extraordinary fluid, or agency, electricity, may actually be employed for a more practically useful purpose than the gratification of the philosopher's inquisitive researemb, the school boy's idle amusement, or the physician's tool ; that it may be compelled to travel as many hundred miles beneath our feet as the subterranean ghost which nightly haunts our metropolis, our provincial towns, and even our high roads ; and that is souh an en-. lightened country and obscure climate as this its travels would be productive of, at the least, as much public and private benefit." "Why," be asks. " has no serious trial yet been made of the qualifications of so diligent a courier? And if he should be proved competent to the task, why should not our Kinees hold councils at Brighton with their Ministers in London P Why should not our Government govern at Ports. mouth almost as promptly as in Downing-streetP Why should our defaulters escape by default of our foggy climate! and, since our piteous innamorati are not all Alphei, why should they add to the torments of absence those dilatory tormentors, pens, ink, paper, and posts? Let us have electrical conversazione offices, communicating with each other all over the kingdom, if we can." It would hardly be possible at the present day to describe more accurately the pro gress of electric telegraphy than in these characteristic sentences of Mr. Ronalds. We have "electrical con ersaoionse ofices" all over the kingdom. The wires which practically connect Balmoral, Windsor, and Osborne with Downing-street enable Her Majesty to " hold councils with her Ministers in London" at any moment; and the extensive system of Admiralty and War Office telegraphs enables the Government to "govern at Portsmouth" (and many places besides) "as promptly as in Downing-street." Oone oftbe very first acts of the very earliest telegraph was the capture of Tawell, the Quaker murderer; and the curious ramification of police telegranhy in London, if not an absolute protection against our "foggy climate," is at least a terror to those who might otherwise elude the grasp of the law. As for our piteous " iananorati," it is perfectly well known that they use the wires as freely as most people, and that " love telegrams" are gradually taking the place of "love letters." But, besides foreshadowing many of the uses of the telegraph, Mr. Ronalds has placed on record in his homely treatise many practical suggestions as to its construction and maintenance which are aetually being followed-unconsciously, perhaps, for his is no text-book of the sciences-at the present day. His back garden at Hammersmith appears to have been the scene not only of one of the earliest aeriel tele graphs, but also of the first experiment with an under ground line. He tells us that "a trench was dug in the garden, 525 feet in length and four feet deep. In this was laid a trough of wood, two inches square, well lined inside and out with pitch ; and within this trough thick glass tubes were placed, through which the wire ran. The trough was then covered with pieces of wood, screwed upon it while the pitch was hot, they also, in turn, were well covered wit pitch., and the earth then thrown into the trench again." 'r. Ronalds goes on to describe hlis method of sig nailing through this experimentally perfect line; and also gives the outlines of a "' telegraphic dictionary," by means of which a word, or even a whole sentence could be conveyed by only three discharce of the wire in a mean space of fifty-four seconds. Even at such an early stage of telegraphic development, Hr. Rtoalds was by no means insensible to the sine uad non of a perfect telegraphic system; for be gives it as his opinion that a sienal might be transmitted thlrough a buried wire from Carlton-house to the Pavilion at Brighton in one minute; and he adds, "Were the time occupied five minutes, I shabould count this objee tion rather serious, but not insurmountable." As a matter of fact telegraphic signals can be transmitted over a continuous wire in an almost imperceptible space of time, the time occupied in transmitting a message being regulated by the number of signals to be transmitted. But Mr. Ronalds's idea of speedy coommunication was rather in advaeec .of the require ments of his age and of the moans placed at his dis posal. His underground telegraph wase, however, a very fair spleciimen of whlat exists in the present day. We use iron or earthenware pipes in lieu of his wooden trough ; but we are not very far in advarce core, for he points out in his book, by way of untici pating possible objections to his plan, that " cast iron troughs mighlt be rendered as tight as gas pipes," should it be found desirable to employ tlem. The "thick glues tubes" through whilch he led his conduat ing wire have been replaced by that useful substance eutta-peroha, which had not been discovered in Mr. tonalds's day, but whichl is now used most extensively as an insulating substance in all operations connected with telegraplhy. Not only in the method of con structing, but of testing and keeping in repair our uonderground telegraphes, have we very closely followed out Mr. Ronalds's ideas. Dealing with the subject generally, he says, "The liability of the subterranean part of the apparatus to be injured by an enemy, or by mischievously dis posed persons, has been vehemently objected. If an enemy had occupation of all the roads which covered the wires, he could undoubtedly disconcert my electric signs without difculty; but would those now in use (the old semaphore presumably) escapeP And this case relates only to invasions and civil ware ; therefore, let us have ' smokers' enough to prevent civil wars. To protect the apparatus from miaohie vously disposed persons, let the tubes be buried six foot below the surface of the middle of the high roads, and let each tube take a different route to arrive at the same place." Of course, the danger which Mr. Ronalds here suggests has never menaced our lines of undergroundtelegraph. But his notion of alternative routes is precisely what is done in the postal system as regards overhead wires ; the object being, of course, to divide the risk of having the whole communications with certain places devastated by storms like those which have recently played such havoc with the wires. "Could any number of rogues, then," con tinues Mr. Ronalds in his characteristic style, "open trenches six feet deep, in two or more different public high roads or streets, and get through two or more strong cast iron troughs in a less space of time than forty minutes? For we shall presently see that they would be detected before the expiration of that time. If they could, render their difficulties greater by cut ting the trench deeper ; and should they still succeed in breaking the communication by these means, hang them if you can catch them, d-n them if you cannot, and mend it immediately in both eases." Mr. Ronalds must have rejoiced at having lived to see a time when cutting the communication was punishable as a felony; but he proposed to rely on other means than Lynch law in maintaining his system, and here again, the telegraph engineers of the present day have fol lowed out his ideas almost to the letter. He proposed to keep his wire constantly charged with electricity in other words, to work it on the "permanent current principle ;" then to have certain " proving stations," as he calls them, at frequent intervals along the line; and a staff of persons who would con stantly watch the " provers," and set out the moment any indication was given that the line was interrupted. Suitable situations for such proving stations he conceived to be " poet-oillces in towns and villages, turnpike Rates, and the like." Then he con tinues:-"We will imagine twenty proving stations established between London and Brighton, or any distance of fifty miles, only four persons employed (but not exclusively) to keep watch over them, and each watchman to have the chargeof five provers. Itis evident that (were he to dwell at the centre one of the five) in order to examine the two on each side of it, he would have to ride only four miles and eight tenthe; which journey he could easily perform in something less than forty minutes, and he would dis cover that the defect rested somewhere between two of the prorers, a distance of two miles and four. tenths. Any sorry little twopenny post cove might take a canter on his Rosinantuolo, and, on his arrival at a prover, perform the operation on it in less time than I have employed to describe the manner of its performance." Now, what are these innumerable "fluehboxes" which are to be found ererywhere in the streets of London, and other large cities, but "provers" of our underground telegraph system P Most people are familiar with the snake-like coils of apparently dirty rope, but really telegraphic wires, which are every now and then laid bare in those curious apertures in the pavement, and the little clock-face, with only a single handle, which is the in variable companion of the workman engaged in the hole. He is simply "proving" a wire which has been found faulty; or it may be, trying to detect one which has shown too great a liking for its next-door neighbour. Then, again, as regards over-head wires, what are the "linemen" stationed at certain intervals along the route of a trunk line but the "provers" of the section which it is their duty to traverse from time to time t working on either side of their station, precisely as Mr. Ronalds would have worked his "sorry little twopenny post covej" But besides this, there are certain post-offices along the line which are called "testing stations ;" and here every morning the wires are disconnected with the view of testing their goodness, or the reverse. When a "fault" oe curs, it is thus easy to "localize" it between two stations ; and hence the rapidity with which communi cation is now restored aftera breakdown, as compared with the time long after Mr. Ronald's treatise was composed. Mr. Ronalds was, perhaps as little vain of his achievements in the telegraphic field as the most modest inventor could have been ; but many of his prophecies have been fulfilled to the letter. He suf fered much at the hands of those who should have been his best friends, as also did other inventors in the same field-notably, Mr. Alexander, a Scottish electrician, who could not hear the name of "tele graph" without a shudder. Speaking of his treatment by the Government of that day, Mr. Ronalds says: " Lord Melville was obliging enough, in reply to my application to bin', to request Mr. Hay to see me on the subject of my discovery; but before the nature of it had been yet known, exrrept to the late Lord Hen niker, Dr. RBees, Mr. Brands, and a few friends, I re ceived an intimation from Mr. Barrow to the effect that telegraphs of any kind were then wholly unne ceseary, and that no other than the one then in use (the old semaphore) would be adopted. I felt very little disappointment, and not a shadow of resentment on the occasion, because everyone knows that tele graphs have long been great bores at the Admiralty. Should they again become necessary, however, perhaps electricity and electricians may be indulged by his Lordship and Mr. Barrow with an opportunity of proving what they are capableof in this way. I claim no indulgence for mere chimeras and chimera-framera, and I hope to escape the fate of being ranked in that unenviable class." Unquestionably Mr. Ronalds was no "chimera framer." He early devoted himself to the study of a system of communication which has distanced all com petitors, whether for Imperial, commercial, or social purposes; he lived to be Sir Francis Ronalds, and to bequeath a valuable collection of electrical works to those who have succeeded him in his labours ; and we have seen by the perusal of his simple, yet clear and forcible treatise, describing " An Electric Telegraph," how much and yet how little we have learnt during "Fifty Years' Progress." 