LiteraryNotices. 'The Other World,, or Glimpses of the Super natural.' We find it very difficult to deal with this work, because, to deal with it as it ought to be dealt with, wquld occupy much more space than we can possibly spare to it. It is a miscel laneous collection of narratives relating to dreams, omens.&tleged; miraculous occurrences, apparitions, wraiths, second sight, witchcraft, and necromancy, all of which are strung on a thread of the most execrable reasoning that ever distinguished a volume, written by a gentleman makiDg pretensions to scholarship. Th« work is in two volumes, and is edited by theSev, Frederick George Lee, D.C.L., and VicAr of All Saints, Lambeth. Kornan Catholic proclivities are unmistakeably displayed throughout the work, wherever the course of a narrative, or the general reasoning of the book, permitted the author to confess the faith that is in him. ffe confess an ignorance of bis precise denominational status, but this we are sure of, namely, that if he is not a Boman Catholic priest he ought to be one. We merely state the fact, but find no fault with tbe author for expressing his theological views. What we do find fault with him for, is his intense and immense credulity. We have rarely met with a writer who has such a prodigiously expansive faith. His intellectual swallow appears wide enough to take in an Atlantic of the wildest ghost lore, and a Pacific afterwards to wash the former down. Most of the stories he narrates, assuming them to be true histories of facts, admit of explanation upon ordinary principles, but be regards them all as the manifestations of supernatural agents. The globe, according to him, is a haunted planet, the unearthly intelligences who visit it, And who are supposed to work .their will on it, consisting of angels, devils, and the ghosts of dead men and women. He believes in witchcraft, the evil eye, and demoniacal' possession, and relates many marvels belonging to each of these superstitions. Some of the cases we adduce were obviously cases of disease which were, not understood and were therefore - misinterpreted when they occurred, while others . wen certainly caused by that peculiar psychologic action which is termed mesmeric Mesmerism Itself, be regards as of the devil. lie believes in omens, wraitas, dreams, the second sight, and, in fact, in all that very, wide range of obscure phenomena which are supposed to lie in the strip of border territory that separates matter from spirit. All the wild superstitions which have disgraced tbe bumae intellect, he wel comes, fondles, and; cherishes as if they were' eternal verities. Such profound faith we have rarely witnessed, especially in a Doctor of -Svil Laws and the Vicar of a p*WBh and we confers it excites our warmest admiration; It is -quite a ra rity in this degenerate ecopticais.ge Of course, our author believes in the genuineness of tbe alleged spiritual phenomena, but then he attributes them all to the devil, and gravely, almost triumphantly, relates how he stopped tbe phenomena at a seance by clasping a silver crucifix in his band, placing his hftnd on the table, nnd mentally adjuring, ia the name of the Holy Trinity, the evil spirit to depart— a feat which Las often been performed by men not at all disposed to be religion*, simply as j an experiment, and without either crueifixr.rnrjji.i. ; ratios, la fact, the mere will of eoire minds can ? modify the phenomena at pleasure. Ihe grer.t i criminate between that which is imS,£ f £ that which may be true. '»i«*fliiue and t^aw?* writer of this type isnaturaUThn.K» to the, philosbphersXand hates theS^igv0^ as profound as Jfleown fcrtuulity and wL.w a as we might naturally expeet fmm ^' position of the writer-{whom we beliewte -,?* Saureh of England clergyman -£*£?&&$£ grade); Oliver ^mweircem^inX S measure of disapprobation. And asf or eurii «g as HefbertSdtaeW^TyaaaUiButJey^arwm 2 ^taply WS^a of ffWSMfc * doing^hS **£ of/.the devil by pro^ailngS! m,8nftN -&-*** few of our author's stories a- jamplesaf bis bode, premiejngr that the work W sistoajmoetwtirelyof^stringof euch narrS Xha E«v. Mr. PentoiR, vlc*r.cf « mrirt which ii .„. ' ierment the father dreamedWutleaiwr.iasVii haMtedil': ?htoad .potted with btaod, ; th. expnwlon cf bfa SSu,! being th»t of % peraon endurtDg lomt *»iwg-i£ °«lS pein . ?' Father, father J oomeW -5efe»d jdVr -. J^ wettUiedtaUnct^ tort, Mj,e|wdOT™hli 'wSSuSl »p»«Ittoii ! ' they wUl aot let i&ntt;'gakt In inpiSiP 21w renenbie man awoke with terror «na trembllir k-t »nd tbs deprewlon stput suffering j and with thie r°ffi wuwuiM vammmSsH iimielf to the AU-merclfnl «d ?Iumbere4»g«ln«nd slept. . »wiiu. wi from outnKe. «' far.' nld the apparently .mndiS de,i one.'they annaiigliiv my body at .hU moment' Shim iHW *»«-er tose at emoe, being now usable to banbhth* rejrfal image (rom hti mind, and dsturmtnad when iZ fhonlddawn to talietyJiJraMlt ot the ddiMirenej. or veAiv of tberpvelfttloD ooareyed ihioagt tliis ?eemlDg voice from tie grave. At sb- early honr, aooordlnRly, he repaired to the c\aVt honn. where tUe k«ja of tbe obaroh an* ot the vanltt van kept; Tie clerk, alter oatuMensl* delay, game dowaBtaln ayivg it.was very unlortiDate be should want them init m that very day, us bit ton oret tbe way bad taken them te tti- amith'a tor repair, oat ot tbe largest ot tbe bunoh ol ken iwfnff bees broken off abort iu tbe main door of thevsult n sa to render It lmpnusticible for anybodr to eater till th» Jock tad Seen picked and taken off. Impelleil by tbe worat jnliglvlnfo, the vicar loudlv In. ?iatod on Jbe clerk'* sooompanylii; Um to the blacksmith1, —not lot » key, but lor a crowbar, it being Us reiolnte deteimlnsHon to enter tfi« malt sod ne bis ion'i coffin wiUloat ainonient1^ delay. Tbo reoollectlonl of tbe dream wer« now beoomlng more and more vivid, and tbe lorminy abont to be made asiamwi a solemnity, mingled with atrc, whlob tbs ajritation o( the tatlier Tendered torrlUe to the agents In thl» forcible interrnptfon Into, the retting p!ar« of the deid. £nt the hlnjtM were ' epeedtly wiencntl aennder, tba bar and bslU wera beatnt in and fcent beneath tbe baafr Jummer ef tbe emleh, and at length, with totter. Ing and entttretebed iianda ths naldened p«e»t ?tumbled and fell; his eon's ceffln had hem lifted from the t«mui at tbs ruU'i «-d« and Aepnlusd en tbe trick floer ; the lid. rdetnd from every aorew. lay loose at ttwtop and the bedy, enveloped In its abroad, on wbfob were aerenl durkepoM below the chin, lay eipoied to view; thebui had tees ralsel, the broad riband ha* been removed from under ihe javr, whioh now bnntf town with the moat ghittly horror of expression, at if to tell, with mtie terrlka certainty, the trath of tn« preceding night's vlilon. Every tooth is tht head bad bees drawn. Tbe young man had, when living, a beautiful set ol sennit teeth. The clerk's son, who waa a barber, cupper, and Je&Uit;, bad poj»i§«d btrase f of tbe leys, and«ventunUy of tbe teelb, for tbe purpose of profitable employ men! of -t- excellent a jet in bli line of twaineM; The feelings of tbe Bev. Mr. Perring can be cully conceirod. B» event affected bis mind tbrauirh tbe remaining term of Mb existence ; but what became ot the a'Usfgrat vhet eurilegious band had tbue rifled the tomb was uerer sfto irarila eorreetly atoartaiaefl, He aeH'wjteA the jssme iu. and was supnesed to b»ve enlisted a« « soldier. The clerk waa ignomtnlously dtsplaoed, and did not long survive the transaction. Some years aftprwarda bis house *aa pulled down to aff-ird room (or extenilve Improvements and new buildings In the village. ., As regards tbe eoonrrenoe JUuir, taw person! were apprlied of let aa the Tioar, ebunning pnbliotalk and excitement on toe subject to a»y member of bis family, exerted himielf in ooitceallcg the (Iroamitanees as mnob as swjiiblo. Xbeabora facts, however, may ba strictly railed on as aoourate. Why the ghost of the dead young man should have been troubled »bout his fine teeth is not made e'ear. Those u^uainted . with mesmerism will easily perceive the most probable exfSlanution «£ the Tnenomenon. , The Ttear WAS ft fflesraerie patitot, without knowing it. The mind of the barter was naturally directed to the vicar, the corpse, and the teeth he was stealing.' The vicar was ' en rapport' With the thief, asd the dream thus * produced was mixed up with his own thoughts, and so took the shape in which our author has told it. This may not be tbe true explanation, bat to the mesmerist it will appear exceedingly prob able, . ? . . . ; ?...-. The following story is of a different type :— . In Uie jeir I69JT a yontbof )9 years ef age, named Blcbsrd Dngdale, excited great attention, it being generally believed that be was possessed o( an evil spirit, as the direct ooase quence of vitolicraft, . BJt j-a»xyimi were witnessed by numerous clergymen, pbytfolaos, and persons of respecta bility and rank, and caused an amount ef Interest and ex citement which csn aoanwly he realised. &ti; fits conunesoed wilb TioleDtCOBrnlitpiij; il»»!«!itand^ebsll-tnraed ap waras and baokwarda ; be nflei words answexefl questions ; predlotfil during onefit the perlodefgeoeEelMiahd duntlouoi another at ; spoke in forelgnlsngnagps/of whloUatcthsr times he waa Ignorant, and demribed event* pas»!n£ataii!st*oo6 wltb Blngalar and recognised aaournoy. Hen again thi wordol narration it quoted at length .- 'At tlie end ef one fit the demoniac teld what hear of the night or day his next [fit] woald begin, very precisely and punctually u muobnstantly obeerved, tbongh there waa no equal or »t distance of Hme between his fits; betwixt which there ironJd bemmeOma a lew hours, sometimes many, sometimes one day, some times m-ny days.' ' He would have told ron,' one ot tba depenents asserts on oath 'when hiafits would begin, daya asunder, wherein be never was, that the deponent k&owetb; off, dlsapo^nted ' On one ooouloo, ? whea the minltter was addresdnc him. he exclaimed. ' 'At . tn o'o'oolc ray next fit comes on.' ' He was never learned in the English tongue, and his natural and sajnlred nbllftlei were Tary ordinary, yet, when th« fit seized him, he . often apoke Latin. Greek, and other lanjraMes very veil. .... He often told of tbiogs in his Sea done at a dis tance, whilst these things were a-doiug.— as. for Instance, » woman being afraid tags to tbe park, though the wa- t.ns within a bow's length of It, wsa immediately sent for by be demoniac, who said, 'Unless that weak-falthod jade oome, my file will last longer*. Some .said, 'I»t na Bend for KrG ? '/' Tbe demoniac answered, 'Aeisnow upon tbe hsycart,' wWoli wee found to ee true. . . On another occasion he told what great -lisbress there wan In Ire land, and that England mnet 'pay tbe piper' Again, one going by him to a ohurnU meeting, was Ut'A by the demonl&e; in bis fit, 'Thou needeit n't go to the said racetiog, for I can tell tbee tbe MrmoD (bit vifl r» preaobed thare,' upon which be told him the, text and much of the aernwn thrt v» lb»t dsy preacbed.' Lastly, it Is certified by two of tile deponents that '?Uu5 demoniao could not certainly judge what the nature of blsdUtemperwat; btewueyrbenbe waaout ol bis fits be could not tell how it was with him when be was in his fits.' This was simply a case of mesmeric trance. The prediction that the fit would occur at a certain hour brought it ouat that hour by unconscious cerebra tion, just as tbe promise given by a mesmerised person to do a certain thing at a certain hour will certainly induce the promisor to do that thing at the hour premised, or, as the firm determination on the part of a person when going to bed to riseat five o'clock on the following moniog, will cause him to wake at or about that hour. The utterances of the ectraneed person in L itin or Greek, indicates merely transference of consciousness. The clergymen who addressed the supposed demoniacs, spoke in those languages, and had tbe answers expected in their minds, and the patient answered accordingly, - It was simply a casa of aervous disease, and. not of demoniacal possessing, or, nt all events then is no evidence to show that it was the latter. - Our author of course is great on dreams, omens, second sight, and spectral appearances. Here are some of his stories:— .Xntheantama or tne year 1815, one of tbe mild-servant* T-t the tbes rector of ?Sheppertou. »;'s»lUsge on the Tbsmei, near Obertsey, dreamed Ihst her brotber, a. respectable and steady youth belonging to that place, was drowned. Tbo drenm was singularly \ivM. In it she further imagined that fneastoally went tocearchforfier brothers tody, aud that After Mttdngfor eome time, she found it at a certain wrtof tberifer, wMoh*h« knew. well. Bewthebrlak, andlna psiticnlirpoiWon. The dream took plaoe on o Batnrday night. When she awoks on the fionday morning, ehe etenoeaooqnaUited tier MUow^erranttWho saw bow deep an impression ihs dream liad ovideaUy' made), wad remarsni that ehe ought. «fc once *» . ebteia n« Uaster's leave to gn home on tbe morrow. ° and warn her brotber, Iwbo waa uiuble to awlm, i»6t to go but on te thai tbrer. TJu leave was given, ud bet home iras (sen Teaebed. bnt alas, thewarnlne bad come too late. ' Her brother bad jronerowlngcn theSnuday evening, tbe beat was aeddentslJly upset, and be waa drowimd. Tbe bodj nt sot recovered (or some time: nor was it found near the *p6l where the aeeldent had happened. .Bnt it w»a found by the poor Tooth's sitter, lowtr do-?n tbB river, and exactly in tbe sama place and position ae bad been so forcibly and dearly pre figured In her imDraadve dream. A singular oa»e tf eecond sight la reported from tbe neigh bourhood of atailteroneh. A labourer named Suck, em ployed by Mr DJ.ton. of MiWcuba!!, Warren Farm, was In. obarge oi a.horee and wntcrcart on tbe farm, when tbo ?sircal took /right oud knocked bim down. The wlreel want over bis diem, and tne injuries lie roceired were snoh that his death occurred shortly afterwards However, the alngn lerpirlof Hie et^ry rmiMiiF t.i w. toM. Buck resided at Romibur.t- and Immediately afwr the accident Mr. Diion deepatcbed a women to ccnieint tits wile of the fsf. On ttrriiing at her home ffoe ttic66enjuer found ber out £?m§M door 10 o-ofeck. the nonr «fwnlali fha-fclal «iJSt toe* pl»»-AJ-, U!*- *TT«»Mt tow set forth ws nwnHy *»J? to tne b, -a A!^^^lnwfcjt«episassiirjr.Jerii murder was «£££U tTl«» «* ?'«- is s*4 1» be luwHad tr **.SB'£2£!i';i mv Wend, jm efioar in the army, wha h« J?LS?eterrt'lJ lid?.. w« wtorntag »Ub his wife i» ? SVrowtootai -** an* saw »» «*--*? 'T -? ewtlwe, ™ ?tt?lwp 'SffiwIrHB «« 'Uiwil. saw in tti adlm hU fcolKsr VV^SrSSey I.» . bs.Jwy rf «^'W ttanco thmubtlw horror ottlimt moment; and the hone $taSywT?o sympathy with them, for to went like one ''nsppeMS that the very »me spectral fi(rurai tod been Jm bVTooiiiitry surgeon when p.sstag the same plsoe; end ^to^do«et.intti«i. parts b»« ont down tress, and tilned «id »ltewa the »ppe»r»noe «I thefcedge; on e«di nde ^tttY Ml taorifr to get rid, If pottlble. of the gbutly tonw.Vnd o! the bold wW Itbunpra the popular mind. mewpMranoe --' the ewrisge and its meapani*. trt » dim, ?uJ ffioi to tba lart degree unearthly and spectral. to Walter Brott »l.te« a striking owurreaae which hap. JSeata Twin at the time Abboufor* w« in »Ue course -of SwUon Mr. Bullook was then employed by him to fit the Sit e up with proper «ppnrtensi- Be», whan Soring that per 2?i atSwi™ -r,T5ndon the followlu extraordinary dr Snwton«tt»kptaoei-rB« letter to Mr..*en-y in «'ey«r ibS Beottwrote: 'Ths night befoie lartwe wereswakened iv avlMentnoSe. like drawing Heavy board, atone the oejj »tfof ttobo' ie,ifanoied somSwug bad fallen.*ndtb-»Rht SSioreTboutit. Thii was about two in the morning. L«t dVst the Bams witohlag hourjthe «ame nol«ereourred.. Mrs B., at you know. Is rather timbeisome ; »o up I got, with Beuoy ? broad- word under my arm. fiat bolt upright. And ready to figbt. But ncthlng wa» nut of order, neither oould I discover what ««iieiied the dlewrbanoe. How. strangely enongh, on the SnglhatMrT.rryTeo.lved thU letter he waabreakCaat. STSiiUMr Ereldne (aiusrwwd. Lois Klnneder). and tne «wef subject of their conversation was the audden death of Mr Bui ock. which, on comparing dates, must have happened m the use nlgbt, and at near u oould poBSlbly be sscer eSned. at the earn e hour, th«e dUtnrbanaee occurred »t WotofenJ. One might be indnoed to maintain that aome drunken wMkmen or dUordtrly perrons were ou the pte mltes Nit this method of«ooo:ind»e 'or the coincidence will «fon«- be exploded on reading the following paswge from Bcotttolhe««megentlemen:-'W«reyou not ?track with tke fantastioal coincidence ef out inoetornal aigiurbanoe at AbboSord with ihenwlancholy event thitfollowe? I protest «Toulhitthenol«eiwembUdhalf-aJ)oze'i men hard at work mlllcgupboaidiandrurnUure.and nothing oauld be more Srtalnthan that there waa.nofcsdy on the premitei at the UlWe shall dose these extracts with the following list of wierd lore respecting theTichborjie family, which, on account of the recwittrial of the claimant will profcably be interesting tpmaay of our readers' Toecate of the Xiehborse Prophecy, In eonnecUoa with the well-known violent ]-ele of tbat family, it to eaiious fhirlnf been in pan leoentiy fulfilled), thatlt may not only be set forth in deUU, but may Teaeonabiy ftnd » pUee at t»i«particnlarp»rtof this book. For the Jsttowing version the editor it Indebted te a near connection ol the familr i— \- The Tlohbornes date «iielr pcuteraion of the pseoent pjirt roonr, the manor of Tfohborne, ao (»r baek ?» two hundred yeMttwfore the Oonquert, «hen the Lady Kabelta, worn autwith age and infirmity, waa lying on tier deathbed, she bewuKbt her loving -butband, flit Roger Tiohborne, at her lut request, thafhe would grant her the meana of leaving fcehind her.achariubl. bequat, in s Sole of Bread to be dWributefl to all who should ejiDly for it ennually on the Fetit of Annunciation ol the Blesied Virgin Mary. Sir ?Baser, her iinsbund, reaaily acceded to her reqaest by pro midng the produce of at much laud at abe conld go over In the vicinity of the Park while a certain brand or billet was burning, enpposlnE that, from her long infirmity (fer the hid been bedridden aoms yetre), she would be able to eo ronnd a tmall portioM only of hit property. The venerable dame, however, ordered her attendants tn amrey her to tl:e cxBerot the Park, where, -twing aapuitea on ineKroium, she seemed to regain a renovation of strength: and to the eurnrise of her eaxiflus end admiring lore, -who begaa to wonler where this pilgrimage might end, she«rawled round aereral rich and goodly acres. -..„.„, »_ ' The field which waa the scene of Zixdv Mabella's extraor dinary feat retaina the name of 'The Crawls' to thla 4-y. It ie situates near the entrance to the Park, and oontiine en arei of twenty- three acres. - 'Her tatk being completed, she was re-conveyed to her rinmbar; and sammonliig her family to her bednae, pre dicted its prosperity while the annual Dole ex'ttea, ana Jett her solemn carts, offered in God's most holy name, on any et her dnoendanta who should tie so mean or covetout w to dtesnttoue or divert It, piopbesytog that when such should happen the old bouieaho'uld fall, and the family name would tone extinct from the failure of heirs male ; and that this would be foretold by a ireneratian of seven sent belne fok lorcd Immcllattly after by a generation of seven daughters end uo E0n- ' The custom thu« fousded in the reign of Henry II. csn tleusd te be observed for oenmriei ; and our Ladv's Day, the 8Hh of Huron, became the annual feeUve-day of the ftallv. It was sot until the middle ot the las', oentury that the custom was abused; when, under the pretence of attending the Tiebborne Dole, vagabonds, gipsies, and idlers of every description, assembled from all quartern, pilfering through out the neighbourhood ; and, at lair, the gentry end mailE uates complaining, it was -discontluued in IJ96. eingluar:y enough, the baronet of that day. Bir Henry Tiebborne. had never! cone, and. when he was Bucoeeded by the eldest, there appeared ageneratlon of terra daughters, while the apparent fulfilment of the propheoy was oompleted »y the change cl toe name of Xbe late birooet to Doughty, under the wul of bis kinswoman (This allusion is to Sir Edward Doughty, ninth baronet, who Inherited the ? Doughty' estate, then M- Edward Xiebbornc.)' 