The Storyteller. How Bill was Mistaken. (From the Overland Monthly.) "TWO crazy men live up there. Go on, Sanch! Where'r goin?" said my "prospecting pard"— the first words to me, the remainder to the pack mule —as we journeyed, skirting along the base of a range of rough rock-peaks, which peaks, like ourselves, were, and still are, in that vast area of sage-brush called Nevada. " Two crazy men !" repeated I, and added " Where !" " Why, up there !—to the right hand, at the end of that sort of a road we jiflt crossed— where the mule wanted to turn off, you know ;" and, turning in his saddle, he pointed. " You see that high, dark-looking peak, with the round white spot of snow on the north face, near the top ; it's the biggest peak of the lot, and kinder behind the rest. 1)o you see it ?' " I think I do," 6aid I, shading my eyes With a heavy buckskin glove. " There is some thing like a squad of white-pine trees just below the snow-spot." " Yes ; that's it. The white-piners are a little below, and a little to the right of, the snow." I nodded my head. " Sanch ! Go on. Git! Just below them pines lives the two craziest men in this State." " Why crazy—what have they done ?" " Done ! why, they aint done nothin'—but work away up there, winter and summer, on a little bit of a razor-blade silver- lead, that isn't wuth a hill o' beans. Been a-workin' there jist that a-way for three or four years—sinkin' and sinkin', and driftin' on—nothin'." " How do they live ?" 110, the little streak is rich enough, what there is of it They jist dig and dig, and blast and gad—bustin' fellowH to work, you bet! —and they save every ounce of it. Then you'd jist hey to laugh to see 'em. They've got a sort of Spanish raster, and an old blue-mouse-colored mule, with a club foot and a rope harness ; and with such fixing they grind out bullion enough to keep body and soul together. The raster is right alongside the shaft of the mine—jist side the dump—and one of the fellers works on the dump and hists out, while the other feller and an Injin works below. The chap on the dump hists out, sorts ore, and shies a piece of waste rock at old muley now and then, to wake him up. That old mule —his club-foot is mighty pigeon-toed, and they work him with that foot on the inside of the track, so he jist don't walk, bat sort o' leans round and round all day— that old mule has been kep' goin' one way on circular work so long that when he is turned oat to feed they never miss his tracks, 'cause he al ways grazes in circles." " Who are these crazy men ?" " Two brothers, they say, name of Rocksaw." " Where are they from—what race ? Dutch," Irish, French, or EDglish ?" " More'n I know. Never heard anybody say they pretended to know much about 'em. One's older'n t'other ; he never talks—jist works ahead, with ' Yes, sir,' ' No, sir,' ' Can't say, air,' 'Perhaps so, sir,' and sich like, mighty short, but kind o' perlite and quiet. The other one—the young one—is always srnilin' ; and his eyes are as blue as the sky in spring time—little eyes, away into his head, and nearly kivered up with long sandy eyebrows, like a hairy rat-terrier dog's—and they twinkle like specks of ice among dry grass in a sunshiny winter morning. And that young feller he never says nothin' to speak of more'n the old one ; but he'll look at you, like two brand new gimlets, while you're talkin' ; and he'll stand all nervey like, with smiles twitchin' round his mouth, a-waitin' for somethin' to laugh at." " I don't see anything out of the way in what yon tell me about these men." " You don't ? Well, you haven't seen 'em yet. Why, I told the young one that old story about the broken winder, and I thought first he'd bast, and then wear himself outa-Laughin'." " I don't remember any story about a broken window. What was it ?" "Don't you know about the man who was riding along the road, passin' a log-cabin where was a six-pane winder-sash with all the glass broke out, aud the old woman and four children lookin' out of five frames in the sash, and the man said to the old woman, ' How-de-do, ma'am ? Have you had a funeral in your family lately ?' ' No, sir. Why do you ax ?' says the bid woman ; and then the man said, ' I Bee one sash-frame's got no head in it, and I thought t'other head might be dead !' But that man was on a good horse, and saved his skelp." "To laugh at that sort of a story is not good evidence of insanity," said I to my " pard," as we spurred off into a short lope. I make note here of a fact—namely, after a joke on horseback, an acceleration of gait fol lows. Ido not, however, wish to infer that the animals enter into the enjoyment. In riding through the sage, the horses are compelled by the bunches of brush to perform a continual zigzag journey, which interferes with any pace beyond a walk or jog-trot; so that we were soon forced to give up our gayety of motion, and re some the slower progress, which seemed also to Call for a resumption of conversation : " From what you tell me, Bill, about those queer fellows, I feel inclined to ride back and Bee the men and the mine. What do you Bay ?" " Not a bit o' use. They won't let you down into the mine—ashamed of it, I reckon—and you won't think of stayin' there all night." " Why can't we stay there all night ? We've got our own grub and bed." " 0, well, you could stay up there ; but you wouldn't." " I don't see why." "You don't want to be et up with m'skeeters, if you sleep out of doors, and you can't sleep in them fellers' cabin—there aint room. They live in a hole in the hill-side, and the hole is so small that one of 'em has to go to bed or go out while t'other one puts on his coat, or pulls on his boots. I've been up there. Them popplewood groves is fuller of m'skeeters than a Mississippi swamp bottom ; and, in July, a Nevada mountain m'skeeter is savager'n h—l!—cuts like a lancet, and sucks like a leech." " Well, well, William, if you've been there, of course I'll not insist; but if we live to come back this way, I'll ride up and Bee the boys." " All right! Fm on it, if you are in airnest about wantin' to go now," said Bill, riding for ward to turn the pack-mule. " No, no ; never mind. Come back, BilL Let the mule go ahead as he is," said L " Well," said Bill, dropping into line again, "jist as you like. I'm none of yer growlers that wants it all his own way, and can't humor a pard's curiosity. That's not me. I can give and take, and always do—on a trip like this." Hereupon William proceeded to tell me, as we rode along, of the various prospecting trips he had been on in the sage brush ; interjecting his narrative with estimates of human character worked up from quiet observation of men in what he called " close, hard games," and " tight places," from which a man had to fall back on his " ore in reserve," and just " dig out" or die —all of which he concluded with this piece of wisdom. Said he: " A man may live in a civilised country, and be as flowery, aud mossy, and sweet to look at and be with, as a butter-cup dell on a sea-shore mountain, while all his life long he's slippin' on the bed-rock ; but you bring that man into this dry country, where all the posies die and the leaves dry up, and he is soon stripped so, that, if he aint got the clean grit in him, you can pan him down till he peters on the bed-rock in a week." " Well, William, my boy, you've got the ad vantage of me, I think. You have had ex perience in panning—both mines aud men— while I never yet handled a pan." "That's it, is it?" said Bill, chuckling. "I was talking hyporbowl—but you'll see. Ef you don't have a higher or lower opinion of me, and me of you, when this trip's over, then I don't know the road to breakfast. Frills '11 do at a social party, and made-up faces will pass in church ; but, out in these mountains, you come right down to mammy's boy, good or bad. What you are, you are ; and you aint no more, and can't be." William Wilson's conversation is not very in teresting without William's manner, especially without hia peculiar intonation ; which latter, though making no disagreeably perceptible sug gestion of halting, still has that interrogative responsive-ejaculatory style, not exactly Emer sonian, yet bearing such a likeness thereto as to require a similar habit of elocution in reducing it to reading. For instance, like many Pacific slopers, he has at lt;ist six ways of saying "yes" —three ways of assenting with the word, two of doubt, and one which is neither assent nor doubt. In this last " yes " there is assent, dis sent, doubt, admiration, and wonder. I said to Bill, after we had ridden some time in silence, broken only by the ringing jingle of the great Spanish Bpurs on our heels, as they jangled among the tops of the brush, or by the voice of Bill, urging Sancho, the pack-mule : " Bill, I think it's our luck to find a staving mine on this trip." Bill looked at me from under his hat rim, as he swung rapidly round in a circle the knotted end of his picket-rope, and said, " Y-y-e-e-us." " What do you mean by that kind of a yes V " Well I mean—l mean " —looking straight over his horse's ears, past the coils of the flying rope, " Git a-e-up, Sanch !- I mean as near as I can make out, sort o' yes, sort o' no, and mebbe so—l'm willin'." " I don't like that kind of a yes, BilL It hasn't much faith in it" Then Bill said, " N-o-o-uh," with a peculiar cooing, rising inflection. " Your no is as queer as your yes." Then Bill said, " Y-y-e-e-us;" and laughed at the sound of his own words. " Do you think you used your words that way before you came to California ?" " I dun know. Don't reckon I did, though. I think that kind of use in the words comes from a feller talkin' when he's busy. If Fm in a drift, pickin' and gaddin', and lookin' out for rocks overhead, and you are wheelin' out, and you tell me something that I don't know about, one way or t'other—can't agree to in full, nor yet go back on it—and aint got much time to talk, anyway, I throw all the answer into one word." " That's a new style of elocution, BilL" " Don't know ; never elocuted any myself ; but it fills the bill as well as a sermon could." There is not a great deal to startle the gaze of a rider through the sage-brush, where the gray of one valley has its reflex in each other valley, and the ranges of mountains have, at first view, about the sameness of furrows in a new-ploughed field. But, in the utter absence of bright-green pastures, and the myriad seamy palms of leafy woods, with the glint and glitter of gliding waters pooling underneath, there is a wonderful play and a delicate blending of subdued colors, along with a grand and varied lining-out of mountain tops against the blue-white canvas of the sky ; while every change in tile atmosphere alters this shading and blending, in degrees so slight as to be scarcely perceivable to a stranger's eye, and yet to be felt, even when not taken into exact account Over these gray valleys and Bober-hued mountains travel the images of the floating clouds, painted by the sun—a moving panorama, with nature shifting the weird lights ; and the naked geology of the country modestly changes color under the inquiring glances of the sun. I said, " William, my boy, do you see any thing pretty or sublime in the surrounding scenery V " Scenery !" exclaimed Bill, suddenly reining up his horse, and looking round, " which ? where ?" " Why," said I, waving my unoccupied hand in a lofty manner, " this grand, quiet chapter in the wide open history of the universe ; where the great central Intelligence has written in lines indelible—not subject to proof imprint, or printer's revise, error, or errata—the prehistoric ' Sermon on the Mount!'" "Eh ?" ejaculated BilL "Ef you come that agin you'll make my eyes bung out like a butter fly's. You skeer me!" " Well William, I will desist ; but there is, nevertheless, a lofty repose, a grand reserve of tone, in these silent surroundings, which seems to hold the chirrup and clatter of more busy, bustling lands in the strong quiet of aristocratic score." " I don't know what you're a-drivin' at, any more'n a bump on a log ! Mebbe you're playin' oft on the scenery people?—those high-toned uns what go into fits over a bit of green rock moss with a dew-drop in the middle of it; which I heard one woman, with long, bony white hands, and gold spectacles, once, on the Sierra, call it the ' king of diments, with the emerald in his dream.' Is that what you are goin' for ?" " No, William. I truly admire what we now behold around us." " You do ! Well, I don't I'd as soon look at a Quaker meetin' when their spirit was off on particular business. Scenery's somethin' 'at I don't savey. I always thought it meant some thin' green, a-standin' out of doors in the wont place it could get toi But here we are at the spring, and we may as well put up for the night" And Bill dismounted. Putting up for the night, on a prospecting trip, may be rendered lying out for the night; but there is a pure-aired satisfaction in bustling about the impromptu location, with the ever present thought of " what next ?" that drives away all weariness, to be replaced by a zesty keenness of appetite, as the preclude to a simple supper, a solacing pipe, and a sound slumber. After we had done all that a sage-brush camp requires, in the way of unpacking, unsaddling, hobbling, picketing, making fire, cooking, eating, unrolling blankets into bed-shape, and were laid down for the night, with our faces upturned to the bright, sparkling, star-lit sky, I observed to William: " This is grand." "Wot? "said BilL "This night of calm repose in the gorgeous bridal-chamber of our first parents." " There you go again ! Looney as a new con vert at a camp-meetin'." " No, William, not looney. It is a beautiful thought, that Adam and Eve, in the incompar able purity of the first, new lore that blessed the world, should have rested thus upon the young earth, under the royal drapery of all the night" "Yes. A-ehrverin' in the wind, without Mission-blankets, and no shirts on, like two Shoshones in a wiekinp t You can't come any of that on me. I had a pard once, in California, that used to read a lot of that every night, out of a book he called Milton." " Who was Milton ? Do you know, Bill ?" " Yes !" —without variety of accent "He was a loony old psalm singer, and said that the devil invented silver and gold mining in the back territory of hell and erebust, wherever that is." " Do you remember the lines, William ?" " No, I don't Somethin' about the devil and his crew working three shifts a day into a hill. I recited : By him first Men also, and by his suggestion taught, Ransacked the centre, and with impious hands Rifled the bowels of their mother earth For treasures better hid. Soon had his crew Open'd into the hill a spacious wound, And digged out ribs of gold. Let none admire That richea grow in hell ; that soil may best Deserve the precions bane. "That's like it," said BDL "But old Milton didn't know much more about mining than Moses did about making time across deserts. Gold may come out in ribs in hell—l don't! know ; I never mined in them diggings—but it comes in lumps and dust on this coast That's how the fact is ; but the poetry is—well, d—n the poetry ! I'm a-goiu' to sleep." He turned over on his side, drew the end of a blanket over his head, and said no more. I had left one of the older settled mining towns to inspect a ledge belonging to my present companion and company, and also to find what ever other prospects there might be open to j location and possession. This statement will account for my present journey. Wilson and Co. were to put their mines into my hands, to be sold by me to other and wealthier parties, if I liked the property. On the morrow there was before me part of a day's ride, previous to reaching Wilson and Co.'s camp ; and after arriving at that point, there was the climbing, on foot, of mountains of rock, nuked to the hot noonday sun, except in those favored spots where struggling, straggling trees sucked a scanty and scrubby life through their bruised roots in the stony soil. I tried to fore cast the future, even for a day ; but gave it up, and passed into sleep with as full a confidence in the unknown as I could have felt in the positively ascertained. Do we not, no matter what may be the tone of our faith, rely more implicitly upon the wide unknown than upon the known or knowable ? I need not trouble the reader with the result of my speculations and climbiugs with Bill Wil son. We did not find that " staving mine ;" but we got through our business and returned to town ; stopping, however, on the way back to visit what Bill Killed " the craziest camp in Ne vada." After going through a narrow, steep canon, we climbed a crooked, rocky, trail, and stood upon the. dump, near which the club-footed mule was slowly limping around the shallow circular pit of an arastra, dragging after him a short beam, fastened at the farther end to a revolving centre post in the middle of the pit; and this beam in turn dragged a heavy stone round and round, through a mass of rock mush. I need not say that this " mtuh" was well pulverised ore, mingled with a portion of quicksilver ; the mer cury gathering into itself the silver, at the dragging rock freed it from the atony portion of the ore. " How do you do V I said to the man on the dump, as he landed a backet of ore from the windlass. " So-so," said he, smiling and twinkling at me, as he stood erect, with the crank of the windlass in his hand. " Not far from heaven, up here !" This remark seemed to strike him as such a particularly good joke, that he laughed all over, and shied a piece of rock out of the bucket at the pigeon-toed mule ; then he looked at Bill, which made Bill laugh, and then we all laughed —at nothing. " Is your brother down below ?' said BflL "Yes." " This gentleman wants to see him." " All right,*' said the younger Bocksaw ; and disappeared down the shaft, by way of a ladder nailed against the timbering, leaving his laughing face the last part of him visible. " Didn't I tell you," said Bill, " he'd laugh more'n any two men. But t'»ther chap won't laugh. The Bocksaw family ain't laid out in fair shares—one's got all the laugh, and t'other all the solemn." Presently, there came slowly up the ladder a bared head of light-brown hair, sprinkled with gray, and dusted with minute rock ; and soon there stood before us a middle- statured, stout man, clad in garments of a hundred pieces care fully and coarsely sewed together. " How are you, gentlemen V he said, as he straightened up from the mouth of the shaft, m a voice at once deep, musical, and doubting. " Well, thank you. How are you, sir ?—Mr. Bocksaw, I believe," I said, extending my hand. " Yes, sir—George Bocksaw," said he, taking my hand in a manner both shy and hesitating. "Mr. Bocksaw," I Baid, "I have heard that yourself and one other man—your brother, I presume " " Yea, sir—Andrew." " have worked a mine for yean all alone. I should like very much, if I may be permitted to ask it, to see what work two men can do in this hard mountain." He looked at me, with one hand on his hip, and the other stroking his long sandy whiskers, and answered: "No, sir. Against our rale. There is nothing to see." "I merely wished to see your work—the amount of labor " "Sony to say 'No,' but that's the rule. Never depart from it" All his talk was in the same even key; neither ajaertive nor commanding, bat shyly, rather than modestly, positive. Andrew came up the ladder with a face still on the verge of breaking into a laugh ; but gave his entire attention to the circularly moving mule, who seemed inclined to stop and take an interest in the conversation. George Bocksaw ventured no further remark, but stood as before stroking his whiskers with his hard hand. "Well, good-bye, Mr. Rocksaw," I said, proffering once more my hand. _" Good-by, sir," said he, taking his hand off his hip to pat it in mine, and was gone down the ladder in an instant thereafter. By this time Bill was in the saddle, in no very good humor ; and, as I went down the side of the dump, I said : " Good-bye, Andrew. If you come to our place, bring your knitting and sit awhile." "I will," said he. through his torrent of cachinnations. "By gol, I will, and a hank o' yarn ! Good-bye!" "There !" said Bill, as we rode down the trail, " he's got enough to keep him laughin' a week. But that George !—I don't go much on him. He looks like a cracked preacher—one of them kind what thinks as God Almighty made the world for saints, and he's one of 'em, and mad because he can't get more'n his share. That's the way I'd put him up; provided he's not regular crazy. Go on, Sanch ! Git!" " Bill, my boy, did it ever occur to you that it is a terrible charge on a sensitive person, to cry out' crazy!' after him, as he passes through this life ? Call him a rogue, a thief, a swindler, a villain, or a fool, if you must; for on these charges he can settle in his own way when he hears them : but this charge that one's mind is affected is something which rests in the esti mation of the public, and is practically true or not true, as the public sees fit to receive it. The soundness of one's mind is like the price of greenbacks—a matter of opinion ;no odds how well secured, that rises or falls with the public pulse. There is no surveyed boundary between sanity and insanity. How do you know that you are of sound mind !" "How do I know?" "Yes." "Well, I know—because I've got good hone sense, anyway. I eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry, rest when tired, workhard when I can't do any better, sleep when I'm sleepy, and take myself in out of the wet—that's what I call sound-minded." ." Yes, so far as it gees. But how about your ambition, wherein yon imagine yourself wealthy from finding a great mine ; rolling in your car riage ; enjoying the fine things of life, and the flatteries of the fair, the foolish, and the false ? Do you never dream, with your eyes wide open,! of being a great fellow—a' big-up ca-pA-u-al-ist,' as you caU it ?" " Certainly. I believe every man kto have his streaks of luck." "Then, William, you are a dreamer—we are all dreamers; and dreams are made of ' perilous stuff.' When a man dreams in a full waking state, his ' horse-sense' slips away from him into a cloud, and he is partly out of his mind. He may, from this stite, go all the way out, or he may return to his 'horse-sense.' The floating cloud-land between sanity and insanity admits of no permanent boundary. " Then, how's a fellow to know he's got sound sense ?" asked Bill, with a tral-of-the-discussion expression, as we rode across the gray valley. "He can't know. It is the public—the vox populi- -which puts the value on soundness of sense. That is why all new doctrines are first resisted, then ridiculed, then examined, then stolen. The public itself is not often sure of its own wits. In Utah, it is sensible to see angels and hear voices from heaven. In Boston, Mas sachusetts, it is sensible to worship your own in tellect. In Nevada and in California it is the height of good sense to worship the power of money. It is wisdom in China to bow before one's father's ghost; in Japan, before Buddha : in India, before Brahma ; In Rome, before the JPop£; In Mecca, before a black stone. So you any sense above ' horse-sense' is a risky anTT uncertain property in the world's market Like a ball of quick -silver, it has weight, color, power, and great brilliancy ; but it is liable to roll away from you, at any moment, in a thousand glittering pieces." Bill made no answer in the pause I left open for him, so I added : "That man, back yonder at the mine, is a dreamer. Bill; and whatever his dream, sad or happy, it weighs upon him, and makes him a stranger in all the real world—in the 'horse sense' congregation, I meau." " Well," said Bill, throwing away his studying cap, "d n him ! let him dream it out I'll not trouble him again soon." The conversations between William Wilson and myself, as we rode, day after day, across broken mountains and gray streamless valleys, were to us twain interesting enough, but need not therefore be interesting to other people. And yet, though I do say it myself, we made some pretty sharp remarks on a great variety of subjects, into which William at times threw his unbookish mind with startling effect. Upon one occasion he " got off," as he called it, his opinion of " talk." " Some fellows," he said, "are always putting up that ' talk is cheap ;' but I say talk is precious at twenty to the pan. Blab is cheap ; but the first thing in my mother's old Bible is tall:: ' God mid let there be ;' and them words started off into the darkness and slumgullion of nowhere, putting up stuff for heavy cropß, and leaves, and flowers, and business generally." " Why, William, you're a poet!" " Not much ! I despise poetry. But good sound talk set the world a-going, and keeps her a-humming on the pin. I'd like to know what would be the use if people couldn't talk—or didn't talk ! I'd as soon be a bump on a log as not to be able to talk. When a fellow says to me, 'O, it's all talk !' I say, * You bet your life it is!' Newspapers and books is talk. Law and gospel is talk. Money is talk, done up in 'tens' and 'twenties ;' take the talk out of i^ and it's nothing." Thai, one way and another, we whfled away the journey back to town, where I left William, and proceeded about my business, far away from the high altitudes and dry valleys of Nevada. Some months later I returned, to find the town in one of those mining fevers which invari ably follow the discovery ofrich river ores. Picking up the lively little daily newspaper from the clerk's counter at the hotel where I stopped, and glancing over it, my eyes fell upon the fol lowing : " Rich Stbike in the Silver Chamber !— Wires, ropes, spangles, flecks, and cakes of silver ! Chloride ores by tons and tons, all through the mine, with rich sulphurate at the water leveL " Nothing, except an ownership in the property could give us more satisfaction than we now en joy in chronicling the grand succeam which has crowned with a gorgeous silver crown the long and tedious labors of the genial Brothers Rock saw. " By invitation of Mr. George Rocksaw we stepped into his buggy on Saturday last, and after a pleasant drive of two days, and a stiff climb up the side of Pronghorn Mountain, we were permitted to descend into the mine. In the descent of the main shaft, and fora hundred feet along the main drift, there is nothing worth mentioning; but at the end of this hundred feet there opens a scene more gorgeous than the dream of the Count de Monte Christo. All along the drift, overhead, under foot, and upon the hanging wall, for a distance of 400 feet, the precious wealth of nature glitters in the ' lamp light gloating o'er.' Below this drift, on the lower level, a distance in perpendicular depth of fifty feet, and in the mountain over 100 feet, there is even a richer picture. The mine is not describable, except by exclamations. It is magnificent! " The mine is patented under the broad seal of Uncle Sam, to George Rocksaw and Andrew Rocksaw, their heirs and assigns, to have and to hold for ever." So Bill was mi«tnk«n ) after all, about that mine and the Rocksaws. 