AMUSEMENTS There is something positively refreshing and re assuring in the intelligence received by the last mail of the enthusiasm that has been evoked in the public mind in London -by the Shakspeariau impersonations of Mr. Irving, : at this Lyceum Theatre. There would seem to be. Augustan eras in the history of the drama as well as in literature,' and though at present the age cannot he said to shine in either, still it is gratifying to think that, though the ICean3 and ICembles, Macready, and the host of minor luminaries that adorned and rendered memorable the last generation, are now only known by name or remembered by the performances of feeble imitators, there has arisen a worthy successor in the person of Mr. Irving, and the legitimate drama has some prospect o"? holding its own, amidst the numerous . trashy and meretricious productions which some managers persist in stocking: the market with. Tho Home News informs its readers that the great event of the month, that is November, usually the dullest season in the year, was the appearance of Mr. Irving- at the Lyceum as Hamlet. The performance created quite a sensation, the doors being besieged from half-past three in the afternoon. The im mense audience that . assembled to welcome this rising actor was, says the journal men tioned, a protest against the threatened de cline of the drama in a. country that is be- coining more and more educated every day. Tlie particulars given of the" performance are of interest. As regards the dress in which the Prince appears, the Home Ncios says he appeared "in thick silkaud a jacket or paletot edged with fur ; 'a tall, imposing figure, so well dressed that nothing distracts the eye from the wonderful face;' a costume rich and simple, and relieved alone. by a heavy chain of gold ; but, above, and beyond all, a troubled, wearied face displaying the first effects of moral poison. The black disordered hair is carelessly to33ed about the forehead, but the fixed and rapt attention of the whole house is directed to the oye3 oE Hamlet ; eyes' which denote tlie trouble, which toll of the distracted mind. The first act is over, and those who have seen other Hamlets are aghast. Mr. Irving is missing his points; ho is'neglccfciug liis 'opp6rluhi£ic3.' : Bettsrton's ' face turned as white as his neckcloth wheir he saw the Ghost. Garrick thrilled the houBe when he followed, the spirit. None can explain it ; but all now are spellbound as the second, act commences. The Hamlet is 'thinking aloud,' as Hazlitt wished./ He i3 a3 much of the gentleman and scholar as possible, and as ' little of the actor.' Hia soliloquies are not spoken down at the foot, lights to the audience. Hamlet is looking into a glass, into ' his mind's eye, Horatio? His eyes are fixed apparently on nothing, though ever eloquent." Mr. Irving's in. tention, it seems, is not to make points, but to give a consistent reading of Hamlet, who "thinks aloud." In his hands Hamlet is played like a " gentleman and a scholar." j There are many traditional points passed by I without notice, and the rendering in places I is not only new but startling. The scene I with Ophelia turns the scale, and from I that moment the success of the artist is com- I plete. The speech to the players was his I next success. There W03 an utter absence I of princely priggishness in the advice he I gives. He button-hole3 the first player, and I speaks as one artist to another, while at | the same time there was a sense of kindly / 1 courtesy, and an exquisite expression of re. | finement, which astonished the house and I drew forth the most rapturous applause. The I play scene, where the King is entrapped into I a tacit admission of his guilt, illustrated the daring defiance of theatrical tradition ex hibited by Mr.' Irving, bat the closet scene wa3 perhaps his most telling effort. "The actor intended to conjure up the features of the dead King by a mental struggle, not by any practical or painted assistance. Speak, ing of David Garrick, Mr. Percy Fitzgerald says, 'It was a pity he did hot break through the stale old tradition of Hamlet's pulling out tho two miniatures instead of the finer notion suggested by Da vies of hav. ,ing them on the tapestry— or the heller idea stUl of seeinrj them with - his mind's eye only' It is this idea which Mr. Irving adopts, and 1 with so striking a success that the audience could scarcely believe they had been for so, many ycarsmisled." There is little new to announce in connec tion with amusements in Melbourne during the week. The pantomimes are in full swung, and -are drawing excellent houses. They- improve to some extent by an acquaintance, and audiences are not slow to express appreciation of the humorous, however small the quantities may be in which it is doled out. Whatever Huinpty Dumpty may lack in the way of amusement, and however much the action at times may hang fire, there can be little doubt but that the spectacular portion of the entertainment never fails to compensate for all - other drawbacks. Mr. Hennings has as usual been most sue- , cessful in this -department, and the many appropriate scones incidental to the piece find a suitable climax in the transformation scene entitled "A child's dream of Fairy land." Adamanta, at the Opera House, increases nightly in popularity. Miss Winston haB seldom appeared to greater advantage than iu the character of the successful suitor for the hand of the Princess. Mr. Farley as the great A1 make3 up admirably as the Shah of Persia, and much of the fun of the piece is owing to hia conception of the character. Mr. Daniels as Baron Voa Miller has made quite a hit in the part. < Indeed this actor is daily increasing in public estimation for his acting ia eccentric parts. The closing scene of the first act is admirably rendered, and though it beai's a very distinct similitude to the great scene in La Juivc representing the reception of tho victorious Emperor, it has still sufficient point of its own to deserve the credit of originality. It is probable that the pantomimes at both houses will run till the middle of February. During the week ar rangements were made with M. Blondin to give a series of performances, which com menced on Wednesday evening last, to a house crowded in all parts. On Thursday night the celebrated rope-walker conveyed Mr. John Hill across the rope, to the amuse ment oE one of the largest audiences that ever assembled in the Opera House. On the withdrawal of the pantomime at the Opera House, it is intended to produce Herve'3 opera bouffe of Little Faust, in which Miss Clara Thompson will appear as Mep'aistopheles, The piece has been a great success iu Loudon. M. Blondin's performances in Melbourne came to a close on Saturday evening last. There was an immense audience on tbe occasion, and tbe performer received tbe most enthusiastic applause. Despite the somewhat adverse state of the weather during the earlier portion of Blondin's visit, lie has been quite satisfied with the result of his performances. This is not to be wondered at considering that on one occasion be had over £600 in the tent: Ho goes next week to Adelaide, where he will stay for a short time, and will from thence sail for England, where he is engaged to appear early in May next. It is Blondin'b inteation to revisit the colonies towards the close of the year. The Asiatic Circus Company, numbering nearly 30 performers, opened at the Princess Theatre on Saturday evening last, under the directorship of Mr. Tlios. King. The company possesses some very clever performers, includ ing the Tycoon Troupe of Japanese, whose feats on the slack rope have scarcely been excelled in Melbourne. The entertainments have drawn very good houses during the week, and the season is therefore likely to be more prolonged than was originally in tended. The Fakir of Oolu has made a palpable hit at St. George's Hall. His entertainments are a marked success, and deservedly so, for anything more interesting or surprising, and at the same time eo aivex-sified, as each night's programme, it would be difficult to find. He is likely to remain for some time longer iu Melbourne. The concert given by Mr. Anderson, R.A.M., at the Athenreum, on Saturday last, was excellently attended. The pro gramme was well chosen but rather lengthy, where so much of classical music was given. Mr. Anderson was assisted by Mr. John Hill (violin). Mr. S. Hart (violoncello), and Mrs. Cutter and Signor Susini as vocalists. The programme com menced with Reissoger'3 trio in D for piano and strings, which, from frequent re petition, has run the risk of becoming rather hackneyed, but contains enough of interesting melodic character to sus tain its reputation as a popular classic. ! It was well played. Mr. Hart made jnore of the violoncello part than, has been I previously done, and a duet for this instru- ; nient and piano would bo very acceptable at ' any future concert in which thia gentleman ; takes part, Mr. John Hill played in two j duets lor violin and piano, but did not ap- ! pear to . so muoh advantage as usual. Mr. i Anderson, in addition to the trio and ducts f- previously noticed, played Beethoven's \ Sonata in E. op. 90, an Impromptu of \ Chopin's, and three popular fantasias on airs j from the Grand Duchess, I.e3 Huguenots, J and Faust, the latter in reply to an encore I for his own transcription of the first-named I opera. He also gave a licder of Men- deUsohn's, and Schumann's Schlummer- I lied for ' left hand, and acted as | accompanist throughout the concert. As $ s solo pianist Mr. Anderson showed him- | self possessed of .110 mean capacity. He has I complete mastery over his instrument, and | in all the variety of expression required in f; each composition he had chosen was | thoroughly at his ease. He gave a very I good reading of the sonata in E, and was I equally satisfactory, in the delicious sketches | by Mendelssohn and Schumann. Chopin's I impromptu was, however, too hurried to | be easily understood, and the selection ar il ranged bv himself from La Grande Duckexse m wa3 dashed off in an abrupt manner, I which considerably detracted from its | effectiveness. Mr. Anderson's prin- | cipal fault is an abrupt manner of | changing the tempo,, which must be 1 deliberate in one so generally capable as he f has proved himself to be, and, therefore, less- I excusable. The effect of this is to unsettle I the eaiv and destroy the otherwise enjoyable % treat which a good artist has at his bestowal. | Very few soloists aro good accompanists, | and Mr. Anderson is no exception to this I rule. He occasionally anticipates the I singer, and gives too much prominence to' | the accompaniment, which should be sub- | ordinate to the general effect. Mrs, Cutter I sang Piele Signore from Flotow'a Stradella, | and Fesca's Wanderer j trad Signor Susini, | Non Piu Andrai and N adamina as effectively | as usual. - | Madame Bishop gave her first concert, | at the Athenieum, on Tuesday evening. The | performers were, in addition to Madame. | Anna Bishop, Signor C. Morley, I Mr. Beaumont Read, and Mr. Lascelles. | All who appreciate music sung in the pure | Italian' style without exaggeration and with 1 all exquisite finish and embellishment, must I be delighted with Madame Bishop's singing, i So apparently artless and unsophisticated I is she, that we find it bard to believe I that this gifted artist has been en- B chanting the musical world since the palmy days of the immortal quartette, Grisi, S Rubini, Tamburini . and Lablache, and that || she has still so much of vocal youth and a freshness left. The selection in which she H appeared to please most was Home, sweet 1 Home, which was of course sung in I splendid style and with great sweet- I ness, and in reply to a re-demand I Madame Bishop sang Comin' thro' the | Rye. Signor Carmini Morley, a new tenor, I made his first appearance at this concert, « and sang the Death of Nelson and M'Appari I (Martha). He possesses a fresh, robust voice I of very good quality, with fulness in the I lowerandsweetnes3in theupper registers, and I the concerted music sung during the concert' I would appear to prove that he is not merely I a ballad singer, but is also at home in j opera, his duet with Madame Bishop;' from I Liuda di Chamouni, and the trio from Verdi'a At til a, being very well euog. We | are veTy much in want of a good tenor singer in Melbourne at present, to relieve I Mr. Beaumont from Ills present arduous I task of supporting the entire work of English tenor singing in first-' I class concerts, and Signor Morley should I not be ' allowed to leave without an 1 effort being made to obtain his permanent services here. The other appearance was a Mr. Beaumont Read, who possesses an alto voice of beautiful quality and rare sym- pa thy, though without the benefit of good I ' harmony. His rendering of Allen's Maid of | Athens was a very good effort, and received I tremendous applause, a3 this class of voice I is always wont to do. In the second part, I a rather sickly sentimental ballad, "Please I give me a penny, " was delivered with such I rare pathos and simplicity that another I great encore was the result. Mr. Las- I . cellea played two popular selections on the I piano, and gave two songs in a manner I which seemed to please the audience I greatly. His accompaniments were, as I usual, played with great ability and ta3te, | causing regret. at his appearing so seldom in I Melbourne in this capacity, when good I accompanists are so very scarce. 