MARK TWAIN SOLD IN NEWARK. it is but seldom pleasant to tell on one self, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to | a man to make a sad confeBBion. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe tbat I am moved to i do it more because I long to bring cen sure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm is, but I I believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection—never having seen any balm.) You may remember that I lectured in Newark lately for the young gentlemen of the Claytonian society 1 I did at any rate. During the afternoon of that day I was talking with one of the young gentlemen just referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said :Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more ! Oh, if I could only see him weep 3" I was touched. I could never withstand distress. I said: " Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him for you." " Oh, if I could but do it! If you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore—for he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs ?" I was profoundly moved. I said: " My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him, and if they miss fire, I have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed me, wept on my neck, blew his nose on my coat tail, and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view, in the se cond row of benches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ; I dosed liim with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old stale jokes into him and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot new ones; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind ; I fumed and sweated and charged and routed till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious ; but I never moved him once—I never started a smile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture 3 I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one de spairing shriek—with one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatu ral atrocity full at him 3 Then I sat down bewildered and ex hausted. The president of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said : " "What made you carry on so to the last 1" I said I was trying to wake that con founded old fool laugh, in the second row. And he said : " Well, yon were wasting your time, because be is deaf and dumb, and blind as a badger 3" Now, was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I simply ask you, as a man and a bro ther, if that was any way for him to do ? Mark Twain. 