THE season for health in Deniliquin town and district has been very variable ; cold and strong winds have generally prevailed, with drifting showers of rain. There can be little doubt that "wind" has a very beneficial effect in warding off epidemic diseases — it purifies the air, and carries on its wings the offensive gases that tend to lower the consti- tution, and that pre-dispose it to disease. The impure air thus becomes charged. Spring and Autumn are the seasons in Rive- rina when disease is most active, still the country is wonderfully healthy. Man and the inferior animals, as a rule, here enjoy good health. We have such conclusive evidence on this point, that any one who knows the country and who has had only a little expe- rience in stock, will hardly dispute what we thus say. It is seldom that a horse, a bul- lock, a cow, or a sheep, dies from unnatural causes. Accident or old age may destroy them, but diseases that affect stock in other parts of Australia do not trouble us. Catarrh, fluke, footrot, pleuro-pneumonia, and such diseases are almost unknown in the saltbush lands. Ours is not a richly-grassed country, but all that stock can eat — grasses, herbage, leaves, and roots, seem to sustain cattle, sheep, and horses. We are not without our draw- backs, though nature compensates us in the great extent of our country for its drought and lesser evils. With all these advantages, we cannot in our townships or on our home stations set sanitary laws at defiance. We are bound to regard pure air and good wholesome water as indispensable. "All flesh is grass," is very freely admitted — it holds good now as when the Old and New Testaments were written ; and physiologists tell us that ani- mals are generally composed of about 75 per cent. of water. We thus see how necessary it is that we should have both air and water pure as possible, or pure as we can secure them. The effects on man of bad air and bad water, as a rule, are not immediately seen, for their influences generally are most insidious — they do not kill direct and imme- imniediate, diate, but they undermine the constitution and shorten life. In St. Giles's, London, the average duration of life in persons born, bred, and residing there some twenty-five years ago, was about 24 years — that is, while some few lived to 50, or even 60 years, the deaths among the young reduced the average to the figure quoted. Now, supposing, for com- parison, that the average height of man was six feet in a healthy country, and the average height in St. Giles's (or any such unhealthy locality) was two feet, we should at once be forcibly struck with the anomaly. The contrast would appeal to our sight imme- diately. The public would up in arms forthwith to combat the latent evils that so lowered the physical standard of the people in St. Giles's. The newspaper Press of the British Isles would rouse the public to a sense of its duty, and general uneasiness would fol- low. Philanthropy would be up and doing, and we should see the practical effects of our common Christianity made evident. Divines would then cease to cling to the hair- splitting differences that divide the various sects, and would apply themselves to remedial measures so necessary to meet the crisis. But disease arising from imperfect sanitary laws does not always appeal to our outer senses in that forcible manner which we have indicated. Its effects are usually seen in the dwellings of the poor, in overcrowded denizens in the badly drained, wretchedly lighted places in our towns. Its victims are chiefly among the labouring and industrial classes, though not always. At times it aims at higher marks, as if to warn us that not even Royal personages can claim at all times exemption from the effects of neglecting the laws that govern health. We refer to the death of Prince Albert (the Queen's lamented hus- band), and the dangerous illness of his son, the Prince of Wales. The first died from typhus fever, and the second was from the same cause at death's door. The future heir to the throne of Great Britain and her depen- dencies nearly lost his life from the foul emanations of a drain in one of the mansions at which he was visiting. Never was the fine passage written by the immortal bard more strikingly exemplified. We mean " One touch of nature makes the whole world " kin," for the nation sympathised with their Monarch as her Royal son lay at the very portals of death. Fortunately, sanitary science can furnish us with data that can satisfy the most sceptical on these matters. The returns of the death rates in Great Britain, and in many of her dependencies are conclusive evidence of their sanitary condition. In Sydney and Mel- bourne, for instance, the death roll of late has been uncommonly and alarmingly high, so much so that the wealthy classes, who reside in the country, and who have been accus- tomed to pay lengthy visits to the cities named, now pause ere they go to and remain thither. Scarlet fever is decimating two of the fairest cities of Australia, and scarlet fever is one of those diseases known to spring from preventable causes. Its origin is often a dirty unwholesome drain or cesspit — the exceptions are few to this rule. The house may be clean to the eye, the air may not be offensive to the senses, the water may not be impure to the taste, still the in- sidious poison may lurk there, and do its deadly work. We have thus taken a general view of this subject in as brief a manner as we could, and we have so far satisfied, we hope, our readers that it is worthy of their serious consideration. At the same time we do not wish to alarm them, because any un- wish to alarm tliein, because any un- necessary excitement would aggravate the evil which now threatens us. We have pointed to the naturally healthy condition of to the naturally healthy condition of our country — in this respect we stand un- rivalled, and it will be our own fault if we allow our townships, towns, and cities to become permanently the abode of prevent- able diseases. We are told that the town wherein we publish (Deniliquin) has the germs of these afflictions in abundance. The cul de sac in the rear of End-street, from Mr. Mathewson's shop to the corner in the back of the Highlander, has all the seeds of pesti- lence, which is a serious reflection on the Town Council. The lagoon that encloses most of the south town is fast becoming an elongated quagmire, full of impurities — the town, in fact, may yet be in an unhealthy locality. Two young persons in one family died here during the last fortnight from dysentery which often proceeds from impure air, or bad water, and these deaths occurred at a time when the weather has been unusually favour- able. We are inclined to think that if the attacks in these two cases, which ended so fatally, were fairly traced to their origin they would be found to have emanated from re- movable causes. We invite special attention to this important matter from the Town Council, of Deniliquin, which is composed of intelligent men, and one of its members (Alderman Noyes) is well qualified to give his brother aldermen very valuable public advice, which, if properly acted upon, cannot fail to be of the greatest service to the town, and perhaps to the country. ON our fourth page will be found an interesting letter from our Paris correspondent. Also a re- port of the proceedings of the Deniliquin Munici- pal Council. THERE are in the police district of Deniliquin 4512 horses, 33,953 cattle, and 1,735,055 sheep. IN consequence of the holidays we published this week on Friday evening, and shall do so next week. Advertisers and correspondents will please take notice. RACES will take place on Deniliquin course on Boxing Day. We publish the entries in another column. DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.— Remaining last week, 17 ; admitted, 2 ; died, 0 ; discharged, 4 ; remain- ing, 15. WE remind owners of more than 500 sheep that they are required by section 79 of the Diseases in Sheep Act of 1866, to send a return of all sheep now in their possession to the nearest Clerk of Petty Sessions prior to the 1st January next. Butchers and others possessed of a less number than 500 sheep, are also required by the above- named Act to register their premises. We call attention to the above in order to remind stock- owners and others interested, who may have over- looked it, that no time should be lost in complying with the regulations of the Act referred to in this respect. IN Mr. Brodribb's letter which we published a few week's ago, with regard to the sale of wool in London and Berlin, it was stated that the ware- house charge at the former place was 4d per bale, and at Berlin 3d. These figures should have been 4s and 3s respectively. THE direct mail for London via Brindisi and Southampton will be made up at Deniliquin on the 29th instant, closing at seven a.m. We remind our readers that the postage is 9d via Brindisi and 6d via Southampton, and that overweight letters are charged double rates. WE are requested to state that the annual pic-nic in connection with the Presbyterian Sabbath School at Deniliquin, will be held on New Years' Day, and that donations of fruit, cake, &c.;, will be thankfully received by the teachers. THE site for the railway station at Deniliquin has been finally decided upon by the directors. The station will occupy the block known as the market reserve of ten acres, and the adjoining section south- wards. The directors consider that in consequence of the expected length of the wool trains, that it will be necessary to close that portion of Harfleur- streets, which at present divides the two sections. The Council have been asked to co-operate with the Railway Company in obtaining legal possession of this portion of Harfleur-street, and the Council have referred the matter to a committee. THE Hon. Secretary of Deniliquin Mechanics' In- stitute, acknowledges receipt of following dona- tions :— London Chartered Bank 2𝑙 2s, Mr. Middle- miss 10s. A GOVERNMENT LAND SALE will he held at Deni- liquin on the 29th December. RICHARD EGAN LEE was tried at Melbourne last Saturday, for publishing what was alleged to be an obscene paper known as "Lee's Pictorial Budget and Police News." The jury returned a verdict of not guilty. BOURKE, UPPER DARLING. — The erection of a Catholic school for girls at this town is contem- plated. It is proposed to place the school under the charge of three or four ladies of the Order of Sisters of Mercy. Mr. Becker has had conferred on him by the Pope the Order of the Knighthood of St. Gregory. WE have received a copy of Woolier's Pocket Reference for 1875-6, published at Sydney. To those interested in racing matters this work will be found useful, more especially for information in re- gard to coming events. MR. DARLEY'S bill to amend the law respecting verdicts of felo-de-se consists of the following short clause :—"1. From and after the passing of this Act the verdict of felo-de-se shall be, and the same is hereby, abolished." The Bill has passed its third reading in the Upper House. MR. MCKENZIE'S mare Coquette, won the Albury Cup on Tuesday last, Cassio second, and Adven- turess third. Snowden, Little King, Terror, Son- neteer, Break o'Day, and Torchlight also started. Sonneteer led for a mile, when Coquette went to the front, and won easily by two lengths. Time, 3m. 39s. Coquette also won the Albury Handi- cap on Wednesday. MR. GERMAIN NICHOLSON, J.P., was proceeded against in the police court at Melbourne this week, on a charge of perjury. The Bench after hearing the evidence dismissed the case. WE have received a copy of the Australasian Sketcher. It is devoted to subjects pertinent to the season, and is admirably got up. THE Christmas number of the Illustrated Aus- tralian News is excellent, and with its supplement we never remember to have seen a better number of this journal. WE understand that complaints have been made at Deniliquin post-office, that all letters lying there are not published in this journal. We are assured that correspondence has so increased, that if all the letters lying in the post-office weekly were pub- lished, the list would be so long as to far exceed the space which we can devote to this matter. WE were sorry to learn that Mr. Thomas Channon late telegraph assistant at Deniliquin, and now telegraph master at Dubbo, received a sunstroke on Saturday last. We have since been informed that Mr. Channon is much better, and no serious results are apprehended. Now that summer seems to have fairly set in, es- pecial watchfulness should be exercised by persons living in the bush, in regard to snakes. These rep- tiles appear to be rather numerous in the neigh- bourhood ; and it is well known that they are more to be feared during hot weather than during the winter months, when, for the most part they re- main in a state of torpor. On Monday, a labouring man, working at Warbreccan, named M'Duff, was bitten on the calf of the leg. A ligature was placed above the wound, and the wound was sucked by some men who were present. No time was lost in bringing M'Duff to Deniliquin hospital, were he was successfully treated by Dr. Noyes, as on Tuesday morning we were informed that he was out of danger. A short time ago a large snake was killed in the gaol, where the reptile had probably been conveyed with firewood. A few days ago a small snake was killed close to one of the cottages in the vicinity of the Pastoral Times office. MESSRS. BURTON AND TAYLOR'S circus company will perform at Deniliquin on Monday and Tuesday next. The trained horses and ponies of this com- pany are well-known to fame, and the company stands unequalled in the colonies. We are sure that Mr. Burton will meet with a hearty reception at Deniliquin. THE annual fete to celebrate the breaking up of Deniliquin Public School for the Christmas holi- days, took place on Thursday last. A public meeting was held in the evening, at which the Rev. J. E. Carruthers presided, when several very hand- some prizes were distributed to those pupils who had acquitted themselves with credit at the annual examination held during the past week. Mr. J. A. Broughton, one of the local patrons, and Mr. S. K. Miller, head teacher of the school, also took part in the proceedings, which were enlivened by the presence of the local Brass Band, which played several selections during the evening. The meet- ing terminated with the customary votes of thanks to the local board, the teacher, the chairman, and to Mr. James Tyson, for the handsome donation of £10 towards the fund for purchasing rewards. COMPLAINTS have been made to us of nightsoil being conveyed through the streets at an early hour of the night. Such work ought surely to be done after people have retired for the night, when their comfort could not be upset by the unpleasant odours complained of. We are sorry to record the untimely death of Mr. W. H. Ramsay, late ledger-keeper in the Bank of New South Wales at Deniliquin. Mr. Ramsay since leaving Deniliquin has been in the branch of the Bank at Runnymede, Victoria. On Tuesday last, in company with a companion, the unfortunate young gentleman went to bathe in a waterhole in the Campaspe Creek at the town named ; while sitting on the edge, washing himself, he slipped into deep water, and being washed away by the current, immediately sank, and did not rise again. Mr. Ramsay could not swim, and from the same cause his companion was unable to render any assistance. A HORRIBLE TRAGEDY took place at Melbourne on the 7th inst. Two loud reports were heard in the neighbourhood of a cottage in Flinders-lane. The constable on duty entered the house and found the bodies of a man and woman lying on the bed. The man was dead, more than one-half of his head being blown off. The woman was bleeding from a gun-shot wound in the right temple, and was removed to the hospital where she recovered sufficiently to narrate the details of the shocking affair. The man (a Prus- sian named Mankiwicy) was her husband, and twelve months ago he had married the woman Alice Mankiwicy and since then he had led a sort of nomadic life. The woman appeared to have led a questionable life, and the man at times gave way to fits of jealous rage. On the evening above men- tioned he entered the bed-room where the woman was dressing herself, and said, "We have been married a year ; now we'll have an end to it." He then presented a revolver at the woman, and shot her in the head as above described, inflicting, however, only slight injury — then deliberately put the pistol into his mouth, and discharged another chamber, the result being that the whole of one side of his head was carried away. A letter, which was found on the right-hand side of the body, showed plainly that deceased had contem- plated the murder of his wife and subsequent suicide. The letter was of an extraordinary character, containing charges against his wife, couched in a tone of raving, and intimating his intention of blowing out his brains before her, so that his "mangled carcase" might ever be in her sight, and his ghost might, if possible, return and drive her to madness. WE are informed that the lessees of the following stations in Riverina, have joined the Association established to protect the subscribers against the operations of land sharks :— Booabula Moonbria Groongal Bringagee North Currabunganung | Culpotaro South do Red Plains Murray Downs Willakool Moira Eli Elwah Momalong Bull Plain Billabong Forest Colombo Creek Coree Tongaboo Moolbong Zara Benduck Boomanoomana Collindina Noorong Tuppall Illillawa North Morago Marjaro Cuba Salt Plains Carroonboon Yamma Nyangay Benerembah Wargain Mungadal Deniliquin Lower Deniliquin Yanko Thurrowa North Jerilderie Toorale Woolondool Bundure Spring Plains Humula North Yanko East Gogeldrie Walla Walla Thelangerin Brookong Yanga Mooloomoon Burrabogie Mulberrygong Bald Hills Puckawidgie Gogelderie Jerilderie Cocktegedong Urana Baroonga Nap Nap South Yathong Canoon Pampampa Bundyulumblah Gelam Widgiewa Windouran, A. N. Yarrabee Goree Singerambah, A Goobong Goolgumbla Chah Sing Barham Pevensey Nyang Murgah 