THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE 5 Ofl, .EECOLLECTIONS OF AN IEISH BOROUGH. ? -*- ? . By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER VL-(Conthraed.) He had gone to bed and fallen asleep, after the pious preparation carefully taught him ' by his mother in his early childhood, and had slept he knew not how long, when he was awoke by a strain of what seemed at first to his bewildered senses, celestial music : re turning consciousness, however, soon con vinced him that it was -not celestial, as the angels are not wont to tune their harps to Scotch airs, and the one ringing in his ears,v ana thrilling his heart, and making the blood to tingle in his finger-ends, was decidedly Caledonian, if he know anything of national music. It was a merry strain, a cheerful, stirring strain, full of life and hope, and all the most welcome of the heart's emotions, and how Giacomo's heart did wel come it ! Ne» er had he heard such soul stirring music ; so he thought, at least, and as the delicious melody floated around, now high, now low, on the midnight air, the young man lay entranced and motionless, fearing to lose a note by any change of position. All at once the strain changed to an equally cheerful Irish air, one he had often heard .'Rose play— which Giacomo recognized as 'JNothing in life can sadden us.' When this was played a few times over the music ceased ; Giacomo sprang from his bed and approached the window, just in time to hear a deep masculine voice saying words like these, rapidly spoken : ' Good morrow, Mr. Ackland ! Good morrow, Miss Ackland ! Good morrow, Miss Hose ! Good morrow, young gentle man 1 Good morrow, ladies and gentlemen, all i' The cold, sharply-pointed crescent of the waning moon was struggling through thick clouds at the moment, and by her misty light, the young man could distinguish some four or five figures in great-coats, having, as he thought, an exceedingly ancient look about them, something like the ' Charleys' who still kept watch and ward over the slumbers of -the burghers Lof Drogheda; the faint rays fell, too, on certain brazen 'instruments of sound,' carried by these quaint-looking serenadors, the light of which completely dispelled from Giacomo's mind any lingering suspicion that the music he had heard might possibly be that of O'Neil's harp, or some other minstrelsy from the world of spirits. Standing opposite the windows at the rear of the house, in the street leading out from Lawrence's Gate, the musicians had thus agreeably broken the night's dead silence, and were now moving away. Had the cold been less intense, Gia como might have been curious enough to have watched them on their way, but as it was, he was only too glad to take shelter again under the blankets from the keen frosty air of mid-winter. It was long, how ever, before sleep again visited his eye-lids, for the music he had heard was still ringing in his ears, filling his mind with sweet and gracious fancies, and he could not, if he would, break the charm it had cast over all his senses. When he met the family at breakfast next morning, Giacomo went at once into the sub ? ject that occupied his thoughts, and asked if any one in the house had heard music during the night. Miss Ackland smiled, and Eose laughed. ' Music ! said she, 'what music r JL'id you hear any ?' ' Indeed I did, the sweetest music I ever heard before.' ' Ha ! ha !' cried Rose, ' the Signor has been visited by the harper's ghost. Only think, grandpapa.' 'Not exactly, Miss Rose,' said Giacomo, ' unless he was one of a company of old fel lows, for such I could see they were, who thought proper to serenade us last, night. Moreover, if your ancient harper was there, he forgot his harp, for I'll swear I saw only brass instruments with the performers.' ' So you have been made sensible, Gria como,' said Miss Ackland, ' of the meaning of those lines of our national poet— - ? ' ' No, nofe more welcome the fairy numbers ui music tan on ' ^e sleepers ear, When half awaking -om fearful slumber u, He thinks the iuu choir of heaven is near.' ' ' Truly, I have, Miss Ackland ; bub pray, can you tell me what music it was I heard, or rather who they were that that paid us such a compliment— I say fus,' for I presume I was the ' young gentleman' so kindly greeted with the rest of the household?' ' Only fancy, aunt,' said Rose, with her merry laugh, 'the Signor fancies that the compliment was all for us? as if that same compliment was not paid at fifty different houses lest night.' : 'Indeed?' '?Yes, indeed! — did you never hear of 'the waits,' who go round every night in some of these old towns just before Christ mas, playing on different instruments, and wishing everybody a good morrow?' No, Giacomo had never heard of them. ' Well ! you have not only heard of them, now, but heard them your very self. Those were the waits whom you heard last night, and the waits are a very old institution iu Drogheda. We purposely refrained from telling you of the custom, in order to give you a surprise.' ' ' For which I thank you ; but dp you mean, to say, Miss Rose, that those worthy individuals take all that trouble every year merely to regale the ears of the townspeople with their merry midnight music 1' 'That — and something else,' said Rose, laughing at the young man's simple earnest ness. 'The something else being — ?' ' Certain silver coins ranging from a crown to a shilling, which they receive when they go round some days after to every house they have serenaded, to ask their ' Christmas box.' If you are here a week after Christ ,mas you may have a daylight view of ' the iwaits' — and queer jolly old fellows they are, jtoo !' : 'I fear I have seen the last of them,' said Giacomo, making an effort to imitate i Rose's gaiety, ' unless they may choose to pay .us another visit during this week.' ' They may and they may not, said jRose, ' but are you really and truly going ibefore Christmas ?' (C Really and truly, if I can.' ' And you won't wait for the Midnight Mass, or to see the Crib and the Holy in ;fant in the churches ?' ' 'No; I hope to beat Midnight Mass in Leghorn, and there I shall see all, and more than all, I could possibly see here.' ' You forget, Rosey,' said Miss Ackland, 'that all Giacomo loves await him in Leg horn.' ' All I love V repeated Giacomo, in a re proachful tone, turning his dark, eloquent eyes on Miss Ackland. 'Do you think all l love are m .Leghorn f The lady smiled, and reaching her hand for his cup, said in her quiet way — '' Perhaps I should have- said ' those he most loves.' But, after all, love is a strong word, Giacomo ! — seldom, indeed, can it be applied to those ?whom we and the world call our friends. Some we esteem, others we may like, but rarely; indeed, beyond the limits of our own family, do we find any to love — any whose presence is sunshine to our 'hearts* . whose absence, gloom and weariness. Well for those who have found such, but alas ! for those who found and lost them !' The last words were uttered in a sort of inward tone, as though the speaker were rather following, out her own thoughts than addressing another ; her eyes filled with tears, which she hastened to wipe away, and smile as usual, seeing her father watching her with that troubled look which she often saw on his face when a cloud rested on hers. ' Papa,' said Miss Ackland, brightening up, ' we must take our young friend to Old bridge befores Le leaves, to see King Wil liam's Obelisk, and the scene of the famous Battle of the Boyne.* The old gentleman smiled assent. ' But, dear me !' said Rose, ' there are so many places he has not seen. He has not even walked up the Rathmullen Road, or out to the Mall; the beautiful Nanny water he has not seen — nor scarce anything.' One word caught Giacomo's fancy, ' The w7alk on the Rafchmullen Road,' ;_said he, ' surely there's time enough for that,' and he looked at Rose with a heightened colour. ' No, no,' said Miss Ackland, you would not enjoy even that now. Wait till you come back next summer, and you shall see every thing, Bellewstown races included.' Giacomo smiled and shook his . head, but said no more on the subject. CHAPTER VII. By good or ill fortune as the case might be, a ship was found a few days after taking freight for Leghorn, and the captain, to whom his father was not unknown, willingly consented to take Giacomo as a passenger in his cabin, Now that the day was fixed for his departure, the young man began to feel the yearning that ail loving hearts must feel for the loved and long unseen. But none the less his regret for leaving the new friends amongst whom he had spent so many happy weeks, perhaps the most sensibly so of all his life. Under the influence of these feelings he much desired to revisit the places where they had been together, and most of all, Clogber Head, the scene of that disaster which had thrown him, a friendless stranger, on their bounty. They went to Clogher, one gray, mild day, when there was neither frost, nor snow — Miss Ackland and. Rose, with a certain Mr. Cusack, an elderly young gentleman ex-| tremely well-to-do in the world, and very| anxious to secure a footing in the small! circle which counted the. Acklands as its' centre. Other and higher ambition Harry Cusack might have had, but of that more anon. He had long been set down by the town gossips as a would-be candidate for Miss Ackland's hand, but years passed on and nothing came of it, and people had at last made up their minds that either Harry Cusack had never 'meant anything particu lar,' or that Miss Ackland had determined to ' die an old maid,' now that she was nearing, if not actually on, the upper shelf. But still Harry was seen in as constant at tendance as the ladies would permit, and no Mrs. Cusack was presented to the burghers and their wives.' When an escort was re quired, Harry was only too happy to do the amiable, nothing impeded by the claims of business, for Cusack was his own master, and the head of a thriving mercantile house of good standing in the borough. So Harry Cusack was of the party that drove down to Clogher that December day, moved thereto by some instinctive feeling that the young Italian had enjoyed more than his share of the Acklands' company. Moreover he drove them there on his own handsome and stylish jaunting car, that is to say, his man did. The heavens were gray above, and the sea and the river gray and misty all, when, leaving the car in the village, our party made their way to the end of the bold promontory over high and jagged rocks, and enormous boulders, thrown up probably from the deep by antediluvian tides when Clogher Head did not tower so high as it does to-day above the world of waters. Mr. Cusack had offered his arm. to Miss Ackland, but she took Giacomo's, as though not noticing the motion, and the disconcerted Harry was about to try his luck with Rose, when that volatile young lady skipped past him, and was seen the next moment poised on the top of a huge stone to which she climbed by mpfi.ns nf ni'.Visvrs svnnllfvp vfis+.incr n.ajiinst; if.s green, mossy side. Giacomo started, and would have gone to her aid in her descent from what seemed her perilous position, but Miss Ackland gently detained him, saying that Rose, was in no danger whatever, and was well accustomed to clamber over the rocks. ' But they are damp to-day, Miss Ackland and somewhat slippery.' ' Oh ! never mind, Rose is as sure-footed as a mountain-goat. I often tell her she ought to have been born in some Alpine chalet, she has such a fancy for climbing rocks. A perfect Linda di Chamouni.' 'Perfect, indeed,' said Giacomo, as he watched the lithe and active girl, moving to and fro on her elevated perch, in order to catch the view at different points. Even the heavy folds of her large cloak, and the close fitting bonnet that covered her head, could not hide the grace and symmetry of her figure, or the lightness and agility o£ her movements. ' She'll break her neck, Miss Ackland, I'm sure she will,' ; was Ousack's consolatory remark ; ' she's as wild as a deer, upon my honour she is.' ' .'?' Suppose, Mr. Cusack ! you went up to take care of her,' said Giacomo maliciously, as he glanced over the Louth man's goodly proportions. ? 'Is itTgo up there ?'. said Cusack : ' no, I thank you, I value my life and limbs too much for that. Perhaps you'd, like to. go yourself— eh 1' ' ' No sooner said than done ; another mo ment and the light and graceful figure of the young Italian was traced with Rose's on the gray wintry sky. He was standing by her side on 'the lofty eminence. 'Now, I call that a smart lad !' said Ousack,^ his vexation, quite perceptibly shown ; ' I shouldn't wonder if he had served his time to a circus-rider.' ' . (To he Continued.) A paper innocently asks — 'if there is any harm in sitting on fcho laps(e) of ages?' That de pends upon the kind of ages selected . TliO3e from seventeen to twenty- five are extra hazard ous. ???'?? One of the ineanGsf; things a small boy can do is to put tack3 in the chirs when he knows that a young man is coming to call upon hia sister that evening. 'Singular. — To see a garden walk. Hush-money.: — The price of a family cradle. Another Hint. — 'No cards' is what a Yankee gambler attached to bis wedding notice. Suspicious. — A Chicago sausage maker adver tises bis wares as ' dog cheap.' Seasonable Hint. — No man can truly feel for the poor without feeliug in his pockefc. The Keynote of Good Breeding. — B natural. Haafce makea waisb.- Young ladies should tin* ger over J their meals, accordingly. An agricultural editor winds up an editorial on the wheat crop with the remark, ??'We have on exhibition in our sanctum a pair of magnificent ears,' . : The death of a Jaly c 'celebrated for her purity of character and complexion,' is announced in a western 'new '?paner. 'To What Base Use?, '&c;'~Spilkins says that every newspaper he takes home only serves to create a bustle in his family. A Woman's -Chan tragical Character. — A worthy minister, noted for his wit, on being asked what kinti of person the wife of Mr.-— ? -was replied, 'I will give you her grammatical chra s ter. She is a noun substantive, seen, felt, anl heard.' 