MADE DIFFICULTIES. A gentleman, who does , _ not ; wish his iiiimeLtuehtibhed, has: written .'us lament ing that we should have favoured the Educational agitation which has recently been established,' and stating some of the grounds on which he differs from us. We take, this method ;of answering , our., cor respondent, as it. is possible that his mis takes are those of several others. : First of all, he insists that whavei; iriay.he 'said to .the cpntrai'y, "secular", means the reverse of "religious," and' " secular education means " absence of religious instruction." Starting with this assertion; our correspondent concludes,: ' thus our children are to be robbed of being taught tlie true knowledge contained in .God's word."' Our answer is, that this ; is, a made ' difficulty. If our correspondent "will in sist that " secular " means " the reverse of religious," and that it 'means this' whatever may be said to the contrary, then, of course, there is no conyincing him, and no use of speaking to him ; but if our correspondent will act like a sensible man', arid take the definition of " secular " which the present Public Schools' Act gives, and which the League accepts, he will see that " secular "means the " re verse of sectarianism "—".the absence of all denominationat teaching " and nothing, more. That this definition may riot be mistaken the books are specified 'which' are now taught in the Public schools ; and if any one, after, examination will affirm that the children who are taught . from- those books are "iobbecl of being taught ' the true knowledge contained in God's word," all that we can say in answer is, that he is much to be pitied. . -Again, our correspondent insists that it is"'" gross tyranny to take from parents ' that which God has intrusted to them, viz., the control of their own children and compel them to send them to school:" This is just another made difficulty. The League, has not the most distant thought of taking from parents the control of their children. It has not the most distant thought of compelling children to attend , the State schools. All that the compulsory, clause means is this, that parents shall be required to see to -the education of their children up to a certain standard. The amount of education may be obtained at home, or in private schools, or anywhere else that the parents' please'; only this the League would' compel -that somewhere and somehow the children shall get a certain amount of 'education. - Is this " gross tyranny I" Have not children rights as well as parents ?, ..Has God given' parents , the power to keep their childron in ignorance ? Arid bias hot the State, which may have to punish, iiri prison, or hang ignorant and vicious children, some right to demand that- parents shall give their children a: chance by proper schooling and ' . training/when they are young, to avoid, such punishment ? Again; our correspondent ; insists that it is " tyranny to make the; public pay for : the education children, of those parents who are able to pay.". ..Here again is another made\ difficulty. . If this be - " tyranny " why .does our correspondent uphold the' present school system ? / Does' he/ .not, know/ that at present the public pay two-thirds of, the cost of the education 1 which is now given in' -Public and Denomi national ' schools ? 1 The proposal of the ; League/ is . siinply that tlie State pay the other third. At present the: State pays-' eighbpence in; the shilling ; the 'League/; ask/only that the other fourpence. be paid : also. ;< i /;///.... Scarcely can this be called " tyranny;"; It isi less tyrannous— it is more just— -than ' the.' plan now followed. The , League's plan is to give free education up to a cei-; tain extent ; and then, if higher branches of education are/ taught than those which are to be tomrrion 'to all, theto shall be ; paicl for. by those who can pay. : By this i plan those who can pay must pay ; . and , those who oannot pay will gee free ecluca-1' tion without the pauper distinction /which , now obtains ; they will get it as/a right, and not by a, profession, and confession of -- their inability to pay. , ' Again, our correspondent speaks of tlie "absurdity " of the proposal of the League, to ; bring education to every one's door. Hetalksabout "the miles of interior where there are but few children ;" and then he laughs at the "few men in Sydney who speak about what they are entirely ignor-, . ant of." This is not very complimentary' to the intelligence of the "men in Sydney." It presumes that the men in Sydney never, ; saw the interior. But our correspondent ought not -to laugh before the time, arid ought not to be too ready in imputing " absurdity." Perhaps he does not know- tliat if children cannot be taken to school over miles of interior, schools or teacher can be taken to the children. Perhaps he has never heard of . itinera. ting teachers, perhaps he does , net know that now itinerating teachera- are . doing their work. Now, what would beJ easier than to have fifty itinerating teachers instead of ten? By such a staff ef itinerating teachers might not education be " brought to every anan's door " so far as to save every .child in the country from growing up in total ignorance:? This is no laughing business.; Our correspondent had better not say much about " wiseacres." His difficulties are very easily disposed of. He does not, display much wisdom or strength of con-; caption when these difficulties puzzle him. It is true that in spite of Public schools there are criminals/: and i that those criminals are generally . able , either ,to read or write ; but is it not true also that those criminals exist in spite of Denominational schools 1 and who will prove that most of them were not educated denominationally 1 "The fear of our correspondent is perfectly groundless that the children in the League schools are to be deprived of " lessons froni the Bible." Let our correspondent read the Public school books; and let him -conscientiously refrain from saying that there is no " religious i instruction " in 'them until he can prove it. The; power of prejudice is -very- greati All sorts of fears are conjured up about -the spread of ungodliness and infidelity if Statc7iud be refused-, to Denominational; schools but tlie same fears were expressed when it :was proposed to withdraw State- aid from Denominational churches. In "the lattexvease the fears have been seen1 to be irt' vain ; yet the same believers' in ghosts and hobgoblins will persist in ex pecting the most' dreadful consequences from5 the schools being dralt' with as the churches \vere. / ;i/' , ... i 