Cnil'TEE ll. SCARCE liad he set Iiis foot upon tho fell, th an, j issuing like shadows from ibo wood lie liad so lately left, there como forth two men, speedily joined bj a third. * Well, Bill/ muttered ono of Ibo two to the hut comer, 1 this is a rum go : our gume'e gone to earth somewhere.* * Ay, curse him ! the bird'« flown/ responded Bill, who' was none other than our former acquaintance, the master of the deceased Sandy. * 1 tould thee we eu'd be o'er lute; but I'll be oven wi* rai yet. * ííístí' whispered the third man, clutching Bill by tho fleeve, and pointing towards the fell. * By --i there he goes !' uttered Bill in great excitement. ' Koo, rou lad?, let's all slip awn to th1 ould wall. Wo maun keep together; he's a devil to deal wi'.' Without more ndo, they soon gained the wall ; and had Harry gozid more earnestly, on looking round, he would have Been them half-eonceuled, just about to slip over it. On they went; they reached thc fell; step by *tep, each choosing his own path, up the side they crawl, ctrciully picking (lifir way, and pausing to rest only behind thc larger boulders of rock herc and lhere jutting out. lb ey ure desperate men, bert upon a desperate task. Revenge pure and simple BC tuât ce one man-he is Billy. He hud eaisi y induced his companions in more than one outroge which ixight havo emt them H11 f-winping- to join him in plan, a plan whirh promised iliem conic fun, and «hieb, nt anynttc, prumi-ed one of the ihrio poeacettou\f a good breech louder. And now they are but a . «hort way below him. O waining inMincI, wurn him once ognin! Hut inttinct now is quiet. Ah, nothing now can taro him! On j they etea).hiîy creep, those low lets mea. God j ulone knowewbut ireatmeutllarryivillerperiencc at their hands. Haw nu et his guardian anecio willi pitying cyci look on, that one so young, so promising, eli ould die. Can DO thing eave him ? , God alone con lave him now. Then let us br content; if God is for biro, who can be against bim ? Harry it climbing unconsciously but pretty vigorously now ; but the men are gaining fast upan bim. Already they ore pausing foi a supreme effort, before they mako their rush, when, in the providence of God, Harry, in scrambling along, loosens a largo stone | he nearly slips, but recovering himself, turns to ser how soon and in mai oarecr it may reach Ihr \ the bottom An instant more, and he had been j too late. With a startled shout of alarm, hi sees two men only a couple of yards below him, and had ho not by .some half- dozen springs light and rapid as the chamois', leaped into com- i paratire safety, they would hove had him in their grasp. In Ihut one glance he had aeon enough, nnd moro than enough, to convine? him of hil dangerous posiiion. In the upturned face and vindiciivo cyra of the man just below him, ho recognised clearly enough the villainous features of bia old antagonist ; and now, as he rested for an instant to get bis wind, ho saw not only one but three men straining every nerve to come up with him, and heard their eager shoutB OB tiley followed in pursuit. Recovering his breath and his nerve at thc samo time, he now turned, and commenced to climb ste dily, knowing the fatal consequence of one false ste» ; he tried hard and successfully to steady his nerves, and husband his strength by not giving way to flurried haste. So on they scramble. His heart beats quicker as he feels that they arc rapidly gaining on him ; he is fast losing wind and courage, for, us they struggle panting nearer and rearer, he can tell that they mean no piny. Suddenly his foremost pursuer halts, appa- rently almost beaten. Now is Harry's chance once more ta collect himself. He immediately sits down, facing tho man below him, and pulls out his flask -empty-every precious drop gone I Hilly eyes him without speaking, but with the ferocity of a wild boast. Harry wisely docs not waste his breath in talking. Billy is the first to move, followed by his companions ; he does not plunge away now as he did at the beginning of the chase, but quietly and yet with speed works his way up. Harry too setB him- self deliberately to work ; he knowsthat hie only chance now is to gum tba top at least a minute before the men came up, for he has already had experience of tho'way in which hill-men ein in en incredibly short time mate their way to the bottom again. A very awakward and abrupt piece of climbing comes now, which Harry et any othor time would hive gladly shirked; but, the difficulty is past, and lie turns with a degree of assurance he h is not felt bcfire to see if it will io any way damp or binder his pursuers' ardour, while he gains once more bia breatb. : His bieatb is »early all knocked out of him again, though, by teo'ng hie pursuers strike off ' to the left, aud climb with redoubled vigour and ! seeming case a palhcircling round tho projecting ! rock, and which he wonders that ho missed ! seeing. It was evident tho men knew their ground, and poor Harry thuddered to think of , the consequences, if, by unforeseen difficulties, ; he is at length brought to bay, Tho weary ! choui once more proceeds. Harry rather sickens et the thought of being hunted in this way, ' and I am proud ta bcliere his statement that i in that awful hour he thought of and wished for I me. He could hardly credit his senses Londoner as ho WJB-that oil thia was taking placo in England. Once more he halls, and planting himself firmly on thc ledge formed by a shcep-run, ho awaits thc human bounds run- ning steadily on the trail- I or the first time he challenges Billy as he draws near, and aiming hie gun, crios : f 8top ! if you come on, ono of you must die.' Billy's comrades pull up, but only for an instant. ' Gun ain't loaded,' he sputtered out, i knowing that Barry would have used the same : persuasion long since, if thopioce had been really : charged. Harry seized thegunby themuzzle,and ' whirlingitoverhishead,tlireatensasmashedbrain ( pantotheGretnhoeomes within reach ; Ins higher ground too makes him look formidable. But the undaunted Billy, signing to the two ruffians beside him to c'imb up right and left, creeps a ' little closer, but quite out of Barry's reach. This was too much for Harry : that three men . should make a simultaneous attack upon him on all sides in such a place must be fatal to him, he < knew, should lie manase to dispose of oven one ! or two of his antagonists. He turned and fled, j Once more he struglcs gamoly on ; he nears the , summit-the top is gained ; no : the fell riseB up still higher. His throat is parched, his legs feel not his own ; climbing, and such a climb as this, they have not been accustomed to. Faint and in despair, he almost gives up; the thought of Maud, howeror, comes to help him ; while there's life there's hopo; ho springs to his feet, and now the real summit is close by. With hands bleeding, clothes torn, blinded by his terrible exertions, and scarce hearing, with a terrible singing in his ears, another feeble struggle lands him on the top. At full length he lies for a few seconds, while the cold breeze invigorates hie exhausted energies, and then, with a murmur of thanks to God, he hastily crosses the ridge, about thirty yards broad. As ha sees the huge stones and fragments of rock scattered here and there, he has thoughts of trying the rrfect of burling thom upon the wretches below ; butagain thinking that they must beclose uponhim now, and feeling quito unequal to the desperate task of settling three men in as many minutes, he dashes to the other side, and steadying himself by sitting on his heels, he begins to slide nt a good paoe down the slope, made slippery by tbs short and stunted grass. No sooner had he got well under weigh, than his pursuers reach thc top on tho other side, and, despite their anxiety to commence the descent, where, from greater practice tn sliding, they hops at length to obtain their object, like Harry they are compelled for a minute to stop, before they resume the chase. On glancing below, Billy chances to see poor Harry in difficulties. Ho had been sliding aiong fuirly well, when the ground suddenly became rougher, and loose stones more frequent ; he was compelled, therefore, to assume an upright position, and scrambled down as best ho could ¡ but as every one knoffs who hos tried it, it is easier to stott than/o atop when one has set off. Harry WUB delighted at tho rapidity of his now motion, as compared with the slower rate of sliding ; ho had good legs, and kept his feet whero many would have lost them ; but faster and faster he went ; in's strides down the fell-aide ; were almost ludicrous, had not they been so ! dangerous. In vain lie tried to moderate his pace ; he went like the wind ; he felt in another instant that he would be dashed to atoms ; his only chance WOB to throw himself backwards. 1 his he barely occonipliibed, for be was almost powerless, but his heel catching in a small tuft of gorse et tho eenie moment, he spun round like a t ip, and turning a few somersaults, he only came to an anchor by laying hold of another tuft. He felt himself terribly bruised, and out of breath ; and perceiving a warm something gushing down his cheek and seek, he found; by pud inguphiahand, that thchard rock hadinflictcd a fearful wound upon his eculp ; he had a large gnah too upon his forehead. Billy from above scarcely obicrved oil this, before, with thc swoop ol an cogie, he rushed upon hie prey ; the other two men evidently feared a like catastrophe with that of Vernon, if thry showed loo much haste, and they felt that the matter was Becure in tilly's hand. On looking up, Harry saw that . i he must mouse himscll, or all would soon be over. Thc ground ivas herr Bmoother, and he tried the , eliding donn ogoin, directing his course toward? i his gun, which had been hurled from his grosp ] by the fall. Scarce hod ho si Ked it BS he ewepi I quietly by, than, by (lie clones and rubble v. hieb tumbled pell-mell past him and upon him, hf , know that Dilly iu anotber second or two would ' reach h'm. Oh, Harry, you haye draggled iobly ; do not give in now t But Harry'« pro- gress not only becomes slower | he suddenly itops, comes to a regular stand-still as be crouches on a little patch of furze. He must be loet. Billy, excited, furious, triumphant. ?-.omca like a thunderbolt upon him. Why, th« very shock of a heavy man like that would 'imply smash him. At the very moment that Billy, with the spring of a Tiger, actually launches himself in the air in his furious down- ward course upon the very spot, Harry, by a slight movement to one side, is saved. Billy makes a convulsive clutch at bim ns he goes crashing by, and then, after a couple somer- saults in the air, comes down with a heavy thud, and lies motionless and still. Harry is upon him in s second, sad, with upraised stock, is about to give him Ilia quietus, sufficient at any rate to put an end to the pursuit, when, starting from the fallen form, he continues a headlong course to the bottom of the fell. The man's face had been towards him, and in the staring eyes and open mouth, from which blood wa« pouring fast, he saw death, death I How be reached bis uncle's house he knew not ; faint, dizzy, and covered with blood, lie had a confused idea that two men were hard after him. As a matter of.fatt, he had been pursued for quite half a milo by Billy'a com- panion', now enge» to despatch him, and to give them time to quietly leave the oountry, for e moment's inspection had assured them of their leader's fearful end, and they dreaded the con- sequence of immediate discovery. Poor Harry I he hastened through the shrubberies, and then leaning against a little iron gate leading through the garden, ho paused for a moment to collect himself, and thought of his miraculous presérva- te. As he passed his hands lliroui.li his matted and blood-stained hair, the friglu,ful appearance he mu«t present occurred to his mind, and the necessity of gaining his room before any alarm should be given to the house. He there- fore bethought him of the easiest, by- path that would conduct him most quickly and secretly round, not through the open grounds. With wary eyo and anxious breast, he sped along, and on sharply turning a corner, he' nearly ran into Maud's arms. There was one dreadful scream ; it wes beard oil over the place. * My darling, it's nothing, it's nothing,' he cried ; * I'm all right ;' but as he advanced, his face turned as into stone ; with open eyes, parted and blanched lips, Maud seemed to repel him willi her hand, and then, with another piercing and heart-rend I ing shriek, she fell senseless on the ground. At that inslunt there appeared upon thc scone the gardener, a housemaid, Harry's uncle, and the j butler. Of course the housemaid went oil into j hysterics. They bore poor Maud indoors, tn jess than an hour she awoke to consciousness, but not to reason. Day after day she would lie ¡and murmur) 'Poor Harry! poor Harry 1' j Harry, poor fellow, returned that week to town. ! His uncle had heard his explanation i in his * grief, had pitied, reproached him : had kissed ; him, and cursed him. But when on sending a I body of servants to the fell, no trace of the dead j man was to be found, he broke out ir to hitter i words of grief and invective, hard to be borne. I Nothing was to be heard of the Ihre« villains I at all : tho scramble for life must have been an hallucination or an invention of Vernon's own brain, aller meeting with an accident which hod left such severn marks upon him. Such a man as Billy had, ndoed, been notioed in the neigh- bourhood, and now most of all when dead, he might have been expected to remain for a few hours on the fell, until lie was discovered : but ho was nowhere to be found. Harry returned to his sympathising but perplexed and distracted father. Bi'lv preceded him to town by three days, accompanied by his allies, without haring accomplished much during their pooching expeditions in the country. Ho bore such a mark upon his visage as made him look more ruffianly then befo/e the adventure,, which had caused the breakage of a blood-vessel and temporary insensibility. It is satisfactory to know that he had not long afterwards paid the penalty for being concerned in some fresh inisdemeanou- against the laws of the land in which he lived. A certain deep soar upon his face gave conclusive evidence as to bis identity, and he was transported for life. Harry yearned for the good news which never came : Maud con tinuedin the some wretchedstate. Before the year was out, to crown the misery whioh preyed upon poor Harry, his unele died.- he had never re- covered from the shook of that day, which brought such wretchedness to his house. In answer to a letter which he at length ventured to his aunt, he was told that Maud was under more cireful treatment than his, and that she should preter to hear no more from a murderer and destroyer. Young Vernon, for a few weeks, gave way to an indescribable melancholy, and it was only through tho tonder sympathy cf his father that he survived. Us then devoted himself to hard reading, passed a very creditable examination : and to hie men and superior officers alike in India, es a young lieutenant, was only known as the strictest disip linarian, and the sternest and most interesting companion in the meas. The unhappy state nf bis mind bad the usual effect on his health, and hence his return to London, and his appeal to my sympathy and friendship. As a dying man, he requested me, when he was gone, to search out his aunt, and convey to her his last message of forgiveness for tbs harsh treatment he bsd experienced at her hands ; wbi'fit he assured me that if by his death he could hare secured health and happiness to his once bright and merry darling, be would have died long since. And now at length his tale wa« told. He gazed at rae willi earnest eyes. I could only preseliiBwasted hand, aud promise that I would sacredly carry out his wish. Ho slept. I watched over him that night. The succeeding day he slept con- tinuously. Towards evening tho doctor called. He had seen from the llrst that he could do little in each a case. He looked fixed at his patient as he lay in a sound slumber, felt his pulse, and then, turning to me, said : ' You ere Mr Lawrence ?' * Yes,' I replied, ' I nm.' ' Ahl' he said, ' I've heard him mention you. You see what your poor friend is suffering from F Well, stay with him as long as you eau, please. You've done bim pounds worth of good already.' And what had I done ? By being a quiet and sympathetic listener, I had brought that feeling of relief to the poor sufferer which undoubtedly ensues when the burden of sorrow is lightened by being borne on the shoulders ol two, instead of being endured by the strength of one alona. Harry and I spent that week quietly enough ; he slept, and I read and thought. When awake, ho always Bought nie with an anxious look, which immediately changed to a. peaceful smite, when I cheerfully spoke or affectionately pressed ! his hand ; but ho never si-oko of getting better. When he thought of liff, the old wretched , look come back ; when he thought of the grave, eternal rest seemed all that he desired. My thoughts at last took a definite shape. I ex- , plained to Harry that bc must allow me a day for business in the country, and that then I would return to him. Hie next day I took the 'rain for ¡¡tonebridge, a small town in Devon- shire. Acting upon what I could glean from liurry'e uncertain inf jrmation, strengthened by ?he i'ostal Directory, I vas about to play the last chance. Mrs. Vernon had, some time since, sold everything, and left thc neighbourhood of Wutcrthwoite ¡ and now, as I walked through the principal street of Stonebridgc, and neared I he good lady's supposed residence, I felt as though walking into the lion's mouth. * Does Mrs. Vernon live here ?' ' Yes, sir,' answered a very respectable-looking housemaid : * bu* ebe'e out for a drive, sir, and won't be back for some time.' I had polled out my card-caw : and seeing me look rerj much annoyed and perplexed, BB indeed I wai, the added : ' But if it'« anything important, VfissTIamilton ie ot home, «ir.' * Mist Hamil- ton ?" I exclaimed ; ' Mia« Maud Hamilton f* ' Vea, air,' timidly replied the attoniihed maiden. I linear not «hat to think of it : the girl mutt be an idiot to imigine tUat I ojuld hive any butinées with the poor imbecile Maud. However, .tirred by some inward feeling, perhaps only a wish to see the unfortunate lady, in whom I now felt, on Harry's behalf, ao great an interest, I sent up my card, and requested to learn from Miss Hamilton's lips when I might crpsot tbs "eturn of Mrs. Vernon, as I had important newt. Fbis wes followed by a request to walk upttairt into the drawing-room :) and in another second, a side-door opened, and a young lady advanced most gracefully into the room. She looked pale and very thin, but if sadness reigned in those beautiful eyes, reason reigned there too. My gaze inuit have been too earnest, fir, with a slight blush and a tittie confusion nf manner, she expressed her regret that Mrs. Vernon Wal out, and feared that she would not ba al horns for an hour or more. My resolve «aa taken. ' If you will be so good as to seat yourself,' I said, ' I daresay I can explain the natur« of my viait to you quite ns well as to Mrs. Vernon : I come from an old friend of Mrs. Vernon.' < Oh, indeed ; pray, be seated,' she slid. I had conned over enJ over what I should say to Mrs Vernon, but I had hardly expeated to meet with Miss Hamilton. I began quietly and cautiously ; but I had soarcely spokon a few worda, wiien I ssw that she bad guested my errand, bad understood that Harry Vernon was the subject of my thoughts, I had a difficult task to perform j she had turned deadly pale, and clung to the cushions of the sofa on which she was seated for support. ' I feel rather tired with my journey,' I broke in with : * may I ring for a glass of wine ?' I rang the bell, and the poor girl hid sutBoient strength of nerve to say: 'Bring in some wine.' I hastily poured out a glass of sherry, which I forced her to take ; and then, ot the cat wat out of the bag, I quickly conoluded all I bad to say. I did not tell her how desperately ill and near death's door Harry was ; bat her tears (lowed freely, and she held out her hand to me, to express the thanks which shs could not then utter, ss I told ber enough to convince her that it depended on herself whether misery or happi- ness was to ensue from my visit. Of coures I had to wait for Mrs Vernon's return, and of course that lady was much surprised to find ms ot ber house, and her daughter in an excited state of mind. The tale was ones mora and more connectedly told | and my urgent appeal to humanity's affection and sympathy,.added to Maud's tears, bad tho desired effect. The old lady was softened ; she burst into a flood of tears ovsr her unfortunate nephew, sud it ended in my leaving by the last train at night for London, to prepare Harry for their coming ap to see him, to forgive him, and to be forgiren. I could hardly contain myself for joy, ind any passengers in the compartment of tbs carriage next to mine must have been rather astonished by my. bursts of laughter, my little shouts of self-congratulation, and my snatches of old songs, all tbs way from Stonebridgs up to town. I was never so jolly in my life, and Pm afraid I gare Harry bat little preparation, t could not conceal my gladnott. * Well, old man, I've done my business capitally t I feel quite jovial;* and I laughed again, * Where do you think I've been ?' He stared at mo with his great hollow eyes, os though he would read my soul. ' I've been to Stonebridgs !' ' No, you haven't 1' be almost shouted. ' Tes, I hive,' I said, smilling ; ' and capital news too.'' I then proceeded, to tell bim my adventures, not exactly at first as they occurred, for I first told him that bis aunt was prepared once more to receive Mm with open arma. Atlast the good news of Maud wis told. He bad two days in which to prepare himself for their arrival. Those two days did wonders, and though he looked like a ghost of his former self, yst he was able to receive them stiting in a chair, be. side a cheerful little fire. No one witnessed the meeting between himself and Maud. I had quite enough pleasure io imagining it \ indeed, I could not have o jntrollod myself to ses it. lt is needless to speak further of my delight, that best happiness of miking others hippy. Mrs Vernon had the ultimate and satisfactory pleasure of at lost seeing sunshine behind tbs black clouds which had so long beset her house ; and in her old age abe stood with me beside the altar to witness there the union whioh had once so often been the earnest desire of her heart. B ith Maud and Harry looked older and graver than they might at such a time of life i but if they were rather aged by early sorrow, they at least knew better how to appreciate every moment in afterlife of true love and happiness. -Chambers's Journal. 