[?] '-'HOW-'F'AR. AFFECTED"- BY! MODERN' »' vn HOSTILE1 CRITltjISM/'' ':n1f;'i;/- ,7 ;.'. !.' ! /.) "'('C/oncliuli'd:')' ' ! ' ' ' .»,H Li-iVi-nw iwn; |,v!i :!-. Thaylrabtr rostis, on. jevitienqe strong as .any, xact ;ip?aiitt'!thUt fact/being .accepted)/ the iJueStion'ojE, the credibilityof the Gospel. miracles is/.tsqlvbcl;— arid,; iiideed/'' of; the whole .of' the 'faitlv s6'(farj at least, as '.tliis— that, no' antece- 'derit"' objection founded' on the supposed im- possibility or miracles militates, against ,tne db'gmas of' ' Christianity! ///.' ' . "''It' has ntot been my lot to meet 'before, (so far as I can remember) an objection1 tij those dogmas 'which.' has lately been propounded in public lectures hi this city, and I should not deem it 'worthy of notice had my duty not been specially to/ the' ypimg men of 'this association, ' some of phomniay havb'heard or'read.such objections. 1 1! Oire 'can scarcely read the epistles of the New Testament without being struck with the clear- hessarid vi'ghur of their stateriienls of doctrine; and the'agreemeht of the different' writers in the dogmas. Yet the objection I notice is based on an imaginary contradiction. Certain parts, it cwas asserted,- "distinctly taught that Christ 'died for . all men, while others as positively asserted that lie only suffered for an elect few." As no instance is given, my only reply will be- that, the latter ; statement is' utterly without foundation, no such thing is anywhere asserted. hy;any writer in the New Testament. \;i Again, it' was asserted that "one writer declared that man was justified by faith only, and his brother apostle 'asserted that man was justified by works. " Now the fact is, that both these apostles assert, precisely the same thing. St. Paul says that faith only without the works of the law justifies, and adds that this -faith 51 worketh". by love, giving the example of Abraham, who believed or had faith in God, and it was imputed unto him for justification. ; St. James1 says that a man is justified by works wrought by faith. " Show me . thy faith with out thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works,"' and quotes the same passage as St. Paul, V Abraham believed God, and;it was imputed to him for righteousness.". . In; fact' the instances which St. James quotes of Abraham'a ivories were the instances which the writer, to the Hebrews (cli. xi.) gives of faith -—tlie offering up of his sou, and the sojourning in a strange land. It is plain then that the " works. of St;. James were simply faith expressed," and faith; and works in this sense are the same. ; ''By porks was faith. perfected "— James ii. . All dis crepancy is meroly imaginary — a weak invention of the enemy. It seems to me that, in pretending to judge of the Christianity of the New Testament, sceptical writers 'even when candid and 'scientific on other inquiries, lose all their habits of. accuracy, Pud all spiritof induction—they aeew to assert and dqclaimr-they express : themselves in. the- wildest, manner, without .considering or studying | the works on which they pronounce. It seems as if .they form a theory! of .what'- the books con tain — argue from that, and not . from having ascertained their real, contents. .If.it. were not : so, how could men. So acute,. as Martineau and Newman, reading the four Gospels, come to such, .opposite conclusions .on a piain matter-of-fact ,? ; rone of these contending for the man Jesus ; that homover taught oracularly, never claimed ' to be supremo director, or .guide ; while the j other stoutly argued that he did, and condemns him .for self-sufficiency. Surely, the Gospel leaves ,>is no room for doubt. How could Renan say that He only used the name of " the Son of man." to avoid the use of the pronoun " I " which he seldom employed, whereas in , one prominent passage , no uses both together, " Whom/do men say , that I, the Son of man, .ain,?" and He is always remarkable for its use — ;I am the way, , come unto me, I am the Vine, I say -.unto you, &c.;, &c.; , , I have :seen it gravely urged as; an objection ,to, New, Testament Christianity that it did not .prescribe the duties of friendship or of- patriot /ism.)/ Brit surely this objection arises from mere ignorance. . For what more perfect counsels of friendship could there be than these " In lowli ness of mind let each esteem other better than himself ;" " In honour preferring one another ;" .''Bear ye one another's burdens ;" or those in .phich Christ is made ; the model in this as in other things : . " Let 'this mind he in you which Was .also m Christ," Phil. ii. And what was .this mind ? " Greater love hath no man than this, that a mail lay. down his life for his friend."' It; is true that .the Gospel soars to a loftier con- ;pepti,on of the principle of love,, far bcyoiid. the ! dreams, of , the poets, that a; man should. . do good even to' liis enemies. %.:; t, - 1 ;; -And as to patriotism— I do not suppose that' the whole range of history can furnish an aspira tion more sublime . than that of St. Paul; I have great, heaviness and continual sorrow in -my heart— for I couldwish myself were accursed ; from . Christ for my brethren,,, my . kinsmen according to the flesh, : &c.; " Romans ix; ::; This : Jkiud .of objection :would i vanish if the .writers1 took! the trouble pimply to read what: they ; .venture to, criticise. :! ,.; r- . !> ' The same' may' be said of remarks made by a: -man!1 in- other matters so careful and ' logical. ' ,JJv SJ' Mill; 'in' eh; rib on Liberty,' sajR that' ";St. Paul in ' enforcing Christian / mtirality assumes1 a pre-existing' morality; namely 'that 'of the- Greeks 'and Romans ; and'his advice' to Christians'.is in' a 'great measure a systeiri of accommodation' to' that." Surely this is imaginary — that very, Greek and Roman morality he absolutely loathes 1 in-Rom. i., and it is "the world" to which they; -are,, not to be conformed, and fronv. which they; ;ar.e to he transformed in; the .renewing., of their- iinirid. ? And, then, sti-ange to say, .the.philoso-! .phei- forgets . himself aud . says ' ".Christian! morality, (so called); has all the. characteristics/of' : a! reactions-it is, in great part, a .prqtest against, paganism." . Of courseijit. is;; but,..'.if ; so,,rib' cannot assume a preexisting morality in that! yery paganism.- v ;t; j : ilinu-A , , ; Ho goes on : ' 'Its ideal is 'negative -rather than s (positive,.., and- passive than, active1- innocence, rather .than, nobleness— abstinence ; from ; evil - rather than energetic pursuit of good. . .In its; -precepts, ; " Thou' shalt not." predominate unduly i joycr. .'"thou shalt.;" v' In, its horror , of ; thoi sen- j .suality; it, made an- idol of asceticism, a Now, 5 ; .put jit ,tp.,any(Candid! man jwho hasconsidered ! the contents of thb New r- Testament :whe.ther' vthisj.descriptiopj of its .character is ac.eprding to' itruth— whe.ther the. -.man : who so described;, it ! was.not as- completely,, iguorant, of .the bopksias iif,,he; i had never seen, one; of :them— whether , their, characteristics are 'not diametrically oppp- 1 site ,to .every one of- those. descriptions. .Whore are these preponderating; " Thou, shalt ., not,?" Echo .answeys,; , Where, ?:,;.Thoy ai'o conspicuous . .by -their labgenco. . Where , isi this " negative ". , counsel ; and ex ample? .u'is it in the, example of Christ, who went - .about . doing,. good % ... , , In. .the ; multiform " labours pf St.; Paul ? In . his, continual example of , the . circus; , :the cp'uibat, . the / wrestling, the race.-?, ,In ;hi3.illustratipnr of tho -soldier, with the. whole.puoply :of. „Gdd, stauding , in the evil day,.andTquenching\on,his siiield pf faith. alt the fiery, darts of .th'e, enemy ,?. ,Or!is it in such a life and, such .arfight ithat .we are/to look for asceti cism, and a precept of abstinence from evil; rather, ; than, energetic pursuit of good? The whole tone's and. temper pf the New Testament is again8tit.. The truth is that such '.men, finding ttiem; selves utterly incapable of understanding the New ; Testament, . with the slender amount/, of attention which, they think it worthy /of receiving,, insert their. theories rather than study more; deeply. . For the New- Testnment is not a string of moral prepepts /either .of thou/shalt not,"' or., " thou shalt,'.' but the display in. detail of i th'e new. life in. Jesus Christ— and" Christian morality , is . simply,, the, outcome,, of Christian dogma: . ? <If rany , .man , be in Christ he is !a ne,\y creature, , ,afid.. Jesus jphrist is, .made ,unto. tis of God — wisdom," righteousness, .sanctification) .and redemptipn. > /Smart writers/ .of . course, .'say anything. which appears . to bp smart,, ho, jmatter what mischief their misrepresentations do/. : The little book re ferred, to in, the first. lecture,' by,, the. author of !"The fight in Dame Europa's school,"; abounds in. these ; /.they//, are .certainly trenchant' enough,, and,, fanciful enough, and we would ,npt. object to fancy it IE it , were, , np,t ..;made to. pretend . to be fact, aud thereby/to mystify. The, .whole; thing is /a , repetition , of/ the . assertion .that, /.what/ is required/by Christianity is incbinpatiWew.ith, the ordinary, business . ahd inno, cent pleasure, pf 'life.! That Christ' was "our example, and, therefore/ as Christ, was poor, and .persecuted, and crucified, Christianity ' requires every Pne ' of, its' 1 'true. memhers!t6 Re 'poor)' persecuted, and to suffer as keenlyryso that to live in a: decent lioiise, to' -eat' oiie's regular jiheals, to ' enjoy ' .'rational ' and ,'i'ni- rdyin|i; s'ooie'ty," ijiay,-' eveii- to Jspeiid sevbrah . hour's in each' day in' profitable' employmeht/ati'd to have a; charming wife a,nd family— this' m list be heathenism ;'; and; 'if hot, Christianity 'is false. . Hb altogether ' forgets- thitt' when' 'Christ is'set before hs as ' ' ' an ' examplb' that we 'should fallow' hi3 steps,'' the particulars. in;1 whibli we shohld' follow Him are mentioned ." who did iio: sin! nor Was guile found in his mouth." '"-In' holiness, then/ and guileless'neSs, in meekness; &c;/)' not' necessarily in' his poverty arid s'uffbribgj we are to follow Him; " : : f " /Forgiving one another if . any . man have a quarrel against any, , as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." \- ".Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus " — iu what — " Look not every one on. his, own things but; also on the things , of others."— Philippians ii.,:, ; , ; ., ! ; Neither . Christ- nor ' his apostles ever made a Christian- dogma of poverty of asceticism. ! The Lord indeod had not where to lay his head, but when he dined, at the rich publican's table he did not- robuko him ; for; having a sumptuous table, but for neglecting polite offices to himself, and ." Thou gavest me no water : thou gavest menokiss." The followers of Christ did indeed suffer, and fast, but it was because tlicy were persecuted, not because they thought it part of thoir duty .to Christ, whether persecuted or not to impose suffering on themselves. N o doubt Christianity requires us to suffer as they sufforcd, rather than betray or bo ashamed of Christ ; and by this wo are bound to-day as they were 1800 years ago. And iii the times of persecution we have seen how often history lias, fouud the Christian tried and not found wanting.. Should it arise again, I believe it would still have its martyrs: It has had them indeed in our southern seas, and: in Madagascar recently enough, but for ordinary times ; the Christian was to. bo im the good sense.of the word "a man of the world." The master gave Himself this character in comparison with John — that he came "eating ami drinking" — that is living like others and avoiding asceticism, and this character of his people that, they were to be the salt of the earth and the light of the world, and his last prayer was "nob that thou shouldest take them' out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep ,theih from , . the evil." , ; And .although St. .Paul be faithful to echo his Lord's warning , of -the additional snares . that, wealth provides for. the rich, still his cliarge, to them is, not .to become poor, , but to "charge them that'are rich in this; world,- that they benot-.high- mir.d3d, norjtrnst in'.nncerfcain riches,- Rub in theilivliig !God whogiveth.u3 i richly ; all things J to, enjoy. That they, do good, that they be ficlnin. good- ;Wbrks, ready , to distribute, Iwiliingutto.!'. coin- ; niunicate , laying, up in.i store for themselves -,-a :gOod! foundation againsti:theiitimo:to)cpiiie,;,that| -they ilmay i lay,-: hold .;on . eternal-:. ilife." ; r. This flippant -writer, a/belie ver. xuischi'evously.'ladopt- ! ing thcistyle of an, .infidel, . saysiave must;make; iup,- oiu-.tiiinds; whethbr. the.' Christian-ireligion.is ; an excellent, philosophy, nbi-jaldivine revelation, for, that .it cannot . be both Ji We -j reply / .that .at! .;can,ihe,.;and; is,1- bothc oho r-ndfthe' dther.- ; He says pur; choice is to , .renounce! either: Heaven .'or ' the ordinary, refined, life mf ' this : .civifizatiod cera, | .forrto, enjoy, both isjinipossible. - Weii-eplyl that: Godliness ;.is profitablie: foivrlall;,, havingj,th'e: promise. , ;of- j this .life,-; and;..of., ithat. : wliichy isjto | .icouie,";: That; the Christian! infiuence!(.give3 the! .tr.uezest ,to jevery duty and. innocent,- pleasure of 1 jlife, . and' that bothvbusiness arid pleasureimay jbe .and/must ,be.;pursued ;by us: as) His /servants,: and ;Subject:,to .this limitation and dii'ection. ..tYe! must.be diligent iu. business, .fervent inf spirit, / .ser.ving the Lord.": j . ! .-l';.: ,. ; i,/hay-0;be,en carefnito . distjnguisli the; dogmas j of. .Christianity from the dogma's.of the/Ohurche.s. 1 .The, .former , .I say.,;are- uuassailabie.jbyi-jany; eriMcisui-t; of,:, the;,. Bible . which,; Rye i;)ha.v.e! yet, , sqcn, .,or, has -.yet, been threatened /j(; the; (Others j , ,hayo:, ,. manufac turjed , / , so;/ ""many i f. and i (l-efiued/tho .)much;,,pn(;,new ; scholastic and; theological .subtleties . :ithat they .are. /open- .-'at: all .points itp;i;defeat. hfiAnd.it.is eil., .The! .Churches/retain;, indeed; ; for, the ;most part/ the ' dogmas .of., the New- Testament;, Riit from./the days oh thp,p/irly|- ppuncils downwards they have encumbered; them. >yith .the untenable materials of .theiftpyym disp.utesi And such' scandal have they heaped on; .dogma; that its /very name has hecome;.a hy,fW,pr.d. , ; W"e have ,in , ecclesiastical history interminable lists pf ." horesios," and in terminable struggles between , the orthodox and : the heretics,; 'councils aud doctors fighting in.all sorts.) of.; ways; .and.' oil ; every little matter/ of hair-spiitbing,; wiliere ; the! New, Testament/did not pronounco, at r all. Whatever 'party . was most cunning .or .most .strong carried its .point; aud it became a dogma. ; lu many cases, .the condemned. ,and: anathematized was really .the more Scriptural- of the two ; and ; this, iprocess has under the , Bishops of Rome, culminated in ithe declaration of Papal infallibility, and of the deliverance of the; Virgin Mary, from , original sin- at the precise moment of her conception— about which the New Ttstament is silent. But nearly as foolish were all the disputes and their settlement by crave , councils concerning the nature of the Holy Spirit, and the hypostatic union and refinements pretending' to. define the nice relationships of . the Deity as. we have it in the Athanasian ; Creed, which is simply the record of .successive triumphs of one party over the, other respecting; the use of particular terms referring .to. the, Persons of the .Godhead, although the creed itself says the .whole is in comprehensible: If any oue desires to see an. ex ample .that, will cure, him for ever of any respect he/ might retain, for mere Church dogmas, let him , read ;the. account pf the general couneilof Ephesus.. They met to decide whether Nestorius was heretical because he .would not call Mary "the .one who gave birth to God." They , put the New Testament ini the chair, to denote that it was their . authority. . It must haye beento deprive it, as chairman,, of a; vote, for they never afterwards referred to it no one attempted to -find such a term; applied; to the Virgin in that Book. But having taken -good care to decide before the Nestorian BishPps , arrived, the words were, simply, .reacl . and denounced by acclamation. The other bishops,' , when .they arrived, decided differently, and- then all proceeded to blows. And yet -to this ;day. Nestorius is ..written . down, a heretic, i although entirely at . one with the New Testa ment, It is thus. that eoolesiastioal dogmas' are: marinfaotured, .arid strung together in creeds,, and .then, with; all , solemnity, , precentors aud choirs shiji thrim to a pleasant reeitati vol. .But tho dogmas of the New Testament are very different; they- are really the essence of the Christian faith. . Much- of . the morality of tho New Testament differs perhaps only iu degree from that of the best of non-Christian philoso- ; phies. To a great extent the sense of right apd ; uroiig isra; part of nhtural religion, " the toon-, science meanwhile accusing or excusing." What is': 'peculiar ' to this morality : iir the New Ttosta-' ment/'is the reality, life/ 1 motive,' and super,-' ; human help which vivify'those prppept?, Qther;-' wise barren, ,'frpm the dulnesa of- formal, plati tudes. ThiB is/ejected : by connecting;, them with the Christian, dogmas, and 'these .dogmas aro almost all some ' act' or word of the uviiijf Christ. For instance/ St: Paul meritioned' thrtoe .of these dogmas,.. V 1 delivered, .unto/you ..that which' I also received liojy that. Christ died, and was buried, and Vo?e'.the third day. , J Now, when he entreats . the' Christians1 not ' to siri,' he falls back on these facts, '" Like wise' reckon yourselves to bo dead unto, sin; and alive into God, through Jesus Christ, our- Lor." " Buried with Him by baptism info/ death/ tliat/' like as Christ was raised up from the "dead 'by the glory of tho Father, even so wo alsto 'should walk in newness of life." (Rom. vi. ) Another dogma is stated by the same apostle— the gift' Pf' the Spirit by which we say to God; " Abba Father." (Rom. viii.) By-and-bye, when -warn ing another Church against carelessness jtof '-life/ ho appeals to this dogma : And. grieve 'not the Holy Spirit of God, by whonl ye are sealed unto tho day of redemption.'" And' his strongest expostulation- against sins of impurity ;is 'not simply a strong demiuciation of it as against the undoubted code of morality- — any religion or philosophy might have . done that.; but what other besides Christianity could have supplied this motive, " What, kuow ye uot that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghbst which dwelleth in you ; and whosoever 'defileth-' the temple of God;, him': will- God destroy." Or could all the moral precepts of all the sages of the world supjily such a motive agriihst1 fornica tion a3 this, "Shall I ' take the members of Christ and inake them members ; of- a harlot. God forbid." You will find -this1 principle throughout the Book a3 the life and 'soul of religion— the dogma is the- basis of' everything. Bub the dogma, we must remember,' to be thns operative must be- not only the/aci; but the fact rea;lised and personally applied. ' That'theHoly Spirit .was sent is a fact— a dogma.;' but unless Lhave'myself that spirit it will'be iio argnment to. mo to avoid; sin because our bodies -are the temples of the Holy Ghost. For He does- not -.dwell. -in ".nty body. ' Therefore, : never, despise dogma, and see that it be realised: And; re- -fusing to admit, any - other than -that which you ; plainly, find in tho New Testament, I think-yon may allow all tlie various criticisms even of 'the iBiiileitself toihave free course, perfectly secure :of, . your, treasure ; - and : if you see some "old council canons or creed definitions tumble -do wn .under -the critic battery, you can rejoice the more; that only, error; falls, but wo can do-nothing against . the, trnth, .but forthe truth; . - ; < s : i.Fiually,. lot, no questions of how orwliy.dis-- -timsb your comfort- and .confidence in that good mews . which' 6o; .often -in 'every, -shape the New .Testament , puts .forward as the- chief aud 'choice .ofjaU-.it has to teach. That God was in: Christ reconciling, you: unto -Himself; not -imputing your ;tr,espasses; ; millions' have found "and. are sfindihg:peaco in . that- -evangel. Should you' be askedi.what, connection, there can Re between :,the atonement of i- Christ and your, salvation; or liow;. could; the blood of the innboeut at all affect Lthe guilty, what matter ,if you should modestly -say " I . don't, know." .Perhaps there. is' no necessary connection -perhaps there is. . One -thingjl know, - that whereas I was blind now I /see>iil; On any subject a child may ask questions ;whibh the :wisest ;cannot answer. . 'Even sages .are, sorely puzzled about the sources of light and jlioat iin;the sun ; /But no one refuses the warmth (.and dight , because ;lie has riot 3'et solved these .questions— of ;the photosphere, . or. its'spots; or .its fuel. ! , So here—be . warriied;. be enlightened/ Reisalved, Re sanctified, be glorified, ReRappy in Christ ; /leaving a. thousand questions. for future settlement, when ; you shall -see riot through' a glass, darkly, but face, to face— when, you: /shall see. as you are seen, and know as you are kuowiu 