m.?S AXGEL j Miss Thaceerav. C8aTTER XV.—'Uxi> Mache ali' meis ; WCSCHES Wahf.. The sympathies and consolations of light, of baraony, of work, are as effectual as many a form of words. They are sii'Wi'/m lions of one' particular manner of feeling and expression for another. To hungry, naked, aqd imprisoned souls, art ministers with a liquntifnl band, shows them a way of escape (even' though they carry their chains with! them)"; leads silently, pointing into a still and tranquil world enclosed within our nnise-bouhd life, where true and false exist! bul,harsssing duty ami conflicting consciences arenot, nor remorse, norits terrors, nor sorrow- fiil disappointments. A wrong perspective or fqolty drawing may be crimesin this peaceful land ; renewed effort is the repentance there practised. Angelica was never more grateful to her pursuit . than now, when time was difficult on her hands. The house was not to be ready for three weeks, and during these she miisf needs remain in Chnrles. street. She tfied not to tbinl: much, but the sense of estrangement wa?' there nevertheless-- estrangement from, the three people whose good opiaian she most sained. If only An. tonio would give some sign ; if only Mr. Reynolds would ' come— if only Lady W. would be-her own kind self — how suddenly eased her heavy heart would ; be 1 She painted steadily, rising betimes to catch the first gleam of the snn dawning through the crowding mists. ' Orders came in from one side and another. A message from the Queen, that filled her with; excitement, .was transmitted by Lord Henry", ' vrilo had' heeh to Windsor. Lady W.'a coldness did' not' change,; she scarcely cotigyatplated hejv she ja.eemed utterly un- ooncemed.-nnd gave the poor child many; a pang ; that she' was unconscious ' of ever having re/illy deserved. ... ' Mr. Reynolds 'game not ; Antonio came not : ' Lady YV. was as much absent as trough she were gone on a long journey. Would she ever return? - Angelica wondered. Besides -the natural separations of life, of circumstance, there is also one great difficnlty ' to be surmounted. . It is that of moods and mental position. Our secret journeys and fights hove to he allowed for as much as r.fcoso open departures we make with many farewells, and luggage, and tickets, and noisy bustle: There was a powdering-closet. on the second story of the house in Charles- street! adjoining Lady Diana's room. It wns only n- small room, divided by a wall with a hole in it', and' a sliding panel scooped to the' neel:. On one side stood: the barber, and his assistant, to the other1 came the lieusehold with the heads that needsd powdering ; they would boldly puss them through: the aperture, by which means their clothes were preserved from the (lying clouds. Lord W. was standing in this guillotine, receiving a last touch from the barber, when Angelica passed the open door one 'morning on her way to the nursery up stairs! She turned, hearing herself.called. "Is that Miss Kaufl'mann ? I cannot see; pray (trait one minute ;" «ml In a minute my lord appeared in full dress, with his star, and his smart velvet coat and snowy wig, and igleamihg bnckles: He . wa3 going to Court. He; had . -been -.invited to dine . at . the Royal table. - Little Judith and ' Charlotte and Elizabeth weie trot ting down stairs to see him before his, itqrt; before they .came up, Lord W. , tutted to Angelica, and in a hurried voice said, "I wanted to. speak, to yon. Dear' lady, if you think, of deciding upon a house, will yen make use- of my security? would you let me advance you a hundred pounds and he hastily pulled' some notes out of his embroidered pocket; -and tried' quickly to pass them iiAo her haDd. ' . . Angelica thanked the golden little bene factor with grateful emotion : " Indeed, I wonld gladly -accept your kindness," she said, openly, but Lady Diana has lent me socno money. " She would have said more, but she saw him look . uneasy ; a door opened, and the figure of Lady TV. appeared upon the landing. "What are you plotting?" said she; "I soem J to have disturbed you," and she hashed a qUich penetrating look at Angelica. My Lord is plotting to do mo kindness and to give ne help. He would help me pay the reht oi the house I have engaged," said Angelica. ' She' went up to Lady W. and lcokedat herewith a great svrcetne.ss. " In deed, dear lady, yon would! have little to fear if none but such as I were to conspire against yon— I, who owe so much, so very much, to.yout goodness." " Do yot, still remember that ?" snid Lady W., softened by .the very charm .which raised he r jealousy. She slowly put out her hand toAngel, who held it gratefully in her own. For a minute the two women looked hard ah rose another. Then Lady TV. sud denly ntelted and kissed the young painter . oni tt» brow. ' ' Take this, " she said, for my sake, and she slipped a ring off her own finger to, Angelica's, ; it wa3 a little cameo sot in brilliants which the girl wore ever after. ' This tacit reconciliation greatly softened the pain of parting, for the younger woman, Aa she stopped 'actoss the threshold of the little house she'had taken, Angel's heart beat tuttidtaously, and. her eyen sparkled. Here at last was a home. After her many wan derings, 'her 'long ' journeyings and uncer tainties, here. was. a home.. Here she could bring her father ; . dear, poor, proud, silly papa ! Here she could -work in peace, live her life, and be beholden.to none. The woman, servant Lady TV. had recom- mended. was standing, .curtseying, at the foot of the stairs. The lamp had been lighted. It. .was. a . Roman three-beaked lamp that Angelica had fo'oml in some old shop, and bought after much hesitation. A fire; hod been lit in the studio. The little eld house stood warm and welcoming, with an indescribable sense of rest about it, of proprietorship. >'o bride coming to her new happy home for the first time could have felt more proudly excited than, thj»::.iitlle... impulsive, well- meaning foolish creature, who had, by sheer hard work and spirited determination, earned a right to this panelled nest. There was a drawingroom in front, with windows into trolden Square: that was the studio. It led- into her bedroom, beyond which came » dressingroam.— On the second Door-was bcr. father's bedroom, the diningroom was down below, with windows looking to the square,' and Wooden cupboards by the fire place. ' Angelica, to her' surprise, found a beautiful old oak cabinet standing in the ' studio .'when -. she entered it on this... eventful eveuing. She eagerly asked from whom it 1 came. Had Lady TV. "graciously sent it as a sign. of good.- will ? The woman could tell her nothing. Some men had brought it the day before. They had left a .piece of paper with Miss Jvanffmonn's name. She had put it on the shelf. The piece of paper told its story, although there was no name but Angelica's own upon it. But how well she knew those straight lines, black, and even, although here and there the tetters seemed to tremble, as writing might vlo that is seen through water. . Antonio hud not quite forgotten bcr then ? he was not quite gone— dear, kind old Antonio ! Angelica went up and kissed the wooden doors that seemed to speaK a welcome' from her new found, faith ful old friend. She was dancing about the room half the- evening, straightening her few possessions, pnliing ontSjanvasses, spreading her two or throe mat? to the bast advantage. Then > PjiiliiCeSity j)a:;iii,nraog«oii3i r, 'lib :a: turner. At: ryliW r«aerTBU, v ., she began to write to her father. He must delay no lunger; bis nou3e was ready ; his child was longing lo; his presence. She sent money for the journey ; she should be miserable until she had seen him sitting there jnst opposite by the fire, fie must not mind dark dqys and cold biting winds; he should.be warmed and comforted in his home whatever the world outside might prove to be. . . Then she told hira how the orders were coming in faster than she could execute them. And Antonio bad sent a beautiful gift that made the whole place splendid. She could .not thank him; she knew not where to seek him. ... 'As she wrote, Angelica looked up, hearing a sound. There stood Antonio himself, looking thin indeed, grey, more' bent than usual, but kind, smiling, natural ; his own gentlest self. His affection was ready to show itself by bright and friendly signs that evening, not by cross-grained reprimands and doubts. These happy meetings come to all now and then ; unexpected, unhoped for. Angelica cried out with many questions, welcomes, explanations. How had he come ? TV as he hidden inside the cabinet ? she asked, with a laughing, grateful look, "1 am very glad you liked it," said An. tonio, smiling. " I thought it would please you when I saw it in the old shop at Wind sor." "Kind Tonio!" said Angelica. "But" — and she hesitated. " How conld you . . . it must have cost " Antonio began to look black, and scowled at her for an instant. " Vou think so much of the cost Of thing?, Angelica. You measure your gifts by their value. Be reassured, the cabinet was a bar gain, and I hare plenty of money just now. I am painting the ceilings of a royal paluce at.Progmore, and if you will, I-arn desired to ask you to undertake one of the rooms. " "1 I" cried. Angelica. 11 1 have never done anything of the sort." "Mrs. Mary Moser is engaged upon a very pretty set of panels, ' Zucchi continued, "and they would be glad of some of your work as well. Y'ou might paint allegories to yonr heart's content," he said, smiling. "You are a magician, Antonio !" cried Angelion, gaily, leaning back on her chair, and looking at him with old familiar winning eyes. " Only wait till my father comes, and then I will go anywhere, do anything. They tell me I am to paint the Queen and the Princess shortly, at Windsor Castle. Is it not like a dream to he at home once more — to havo a leal house with doors and windows ? To he sitting here, you and I on each side of the fire." i "It is like a dream to see you once more at ease, and in peace," said Autonio, 'between his teeth, "and to find that your Ihead is not quite turned by your flatterers, ssince you can look pleased to welcome an old plain-spoken friend in a shabby coat." It was one of tho happiest evenings An gelica ever spent in all her life. The ease and liberty seemed delightful, after the restraint of the house in Charles-street. Antonio's presence was .happiness too ; he was in 'his best and most sympathetic mood. !He had retnrned to her. Xo thought of what might or what might not be come do disturb her. Mr. Reynolds was also in ther thoughts ; that other friend, so tranquil, ko reliable, surely she need never feel a doubt about him. Was she right? Is it tso ? Are calm ripple3 and placid silences the proof of deepest waters ? Antonio after some time remembered to explain his appearance. He had heard from M. Cipriani that she was coming, he said ; the news had filled him with happiness. Then he Bmiled and added that he had not come up from Windsor, inside the cabinet, lut on the, carrier's cart. Angelica asked him, with some auriasity, where he had been living all this time. An tonio told her that he had been staying with isome good friends at Eton. " My friend is a kind old man, with six daughters," said .Zucchi. " He is the drawing master, and lives in the college. The young ladies are charming. They wonld be only too glad to a-eceive you, if yon should be sent for to work at the Castle ; they would make you very welcome.". " Six young ladies I" cried Angelica ; ' take care, take care, Antonio." Antonio wns silent for a moment, "A painted trellis would be out of place," he said, suddenly, looking up at the ceiling, "in this smoky city ; but 1 will pnint yon a trellis, if you like." " Yes," said Angelica, "and paint me a little blue sky, Antonio, and a bird, and some scent of orange flowers." So they went on talking, and the warm happy hours passed on. Then a clock began to strike slowly. "Is that twelve ?" said Miss Angel. " I don't know," said Antonio. Xeither of them cared to' shorten this peaceful meet ing, snatched out of the cold and darkness and noise aud racket all round about, and belonging to their friendship. But as the clock finished striking Antonio's heart be gan to sink, and he felt somehow that the happy evening was over. And the Kauff- rnann, too, sat looking thoughtfully into the fire, of which while tbey talked, by some chance, one half had gone out and turned to blackness, while the other still burned ruddy. "Look there," said Angelica, "how oddly the fire bnrns." Antonio poked it with his foot. " You know the superstition," he an- swered;. "they were speaking of at Dr. Starr's only a day or two ago. It means, so they say, that two people who love each other are about to be parted and he looked' at Angelica at lie spoke. She was playing with her wristlets ; a little .Hush, was in her cheeks. "Antonio," she said, "do yon think that people who are parted once can meet again ?" That depends very much upon fortune's favors, and still more upon their own wishes," said Antonio, drily. "Chance gives you a sight of people ; hut you have yourself, to make one in the meeting ; " and then his voice softened, " We have met to- night. Angelica, and ha ye. been very happy. Perhaps' next time 1 see yon, some lord will be here, with" his coach and six, and yon will not have so much time to give me." "Time is nothing 'at all in friendship ; you can't measure things by time," said Miss Angel. " There is no lord in question, An tonio ; but, shall I tell you all? there .s some one 1 often think of." ".Some one who loves you?" .Antonio asked, in a dry voice. He was standing up and preparing to go. "Can he keep you, Angelica ? Has he got plenty of money ? Is he highly esteemed at Court ? Has he ser vants in. proper liveries ?" "How can yon speak in thnt unkind way !" she cried. " I open my heart to you, and this is how yon answer me." . : . . " Excuse me," said Antonio, " J was only talking as all your other friends will talk ; for myselt I Say, if you love any one from your heart, were he as rieh as Crcsus, marry him ; ask no one's advice, and make no more difficulties." " He is not as rich as Croesus. I did net know 1 loved him when he spoke to me/' said Angel, penitent without much cause : " but when you spoke just now about friends meeting, 1 could not help thinking of him, and wondering if it might ever come about. ( think, Autonio, if he spoke to me again . . He is older than I am ; I can trust him and look to him." " I« it that lord. I saw in the box r.t the plav asked Antonio. "It is no lord," Angelica repeated,' very much agitated ; it is a worker like ourselves. It is. Ylr. Reynolds, Antunio." ' TYhat ; the deaf man ' said the younger painter. " I thought you would have cared about my interest,' stuff Miss Angel, hurt by his .tone and cbange.of manner , "but i see you are indifferent, that you hava not one thought to give me." " Y'ou see very wrongly," the other an swered. "I could even approve of your marriage if you cared for the proposed hus band. But that you do not, Angelica. Good night!" and he was gone. Chapter XVT.— ' Tnaotv.n VTtntff.-timk to Spkixo. While Antonio was walkinghome through tho black midnight streets ; while M r. Rey nolds was sitting in his own studio compos ing an article for the Rambler (the studio was still haunted by some paling ghost of Miss Angel, while the painter , had quietly made up his mind to abandon the siege of the difficult fortress he had incautiously attacked, the fortress itself was secretly preparing to surrender, for it was built upon the sandy foundation of impulse, of youthful ardent imagination. With all her faults, as I have said, Ange lica was a genuine woman, incapable of de ceiving any one, unle3S, indeed, she herself were deceived, and whatever she might rea lise now, she had at the time truly (elt that gratified vanity was no return for true feel ing. Misunderstanding? are far more diffi cult things than people imagine in love or in friendship. Some instinct protects travel lers in that strange country where -all is. instinct, and if they disagree it is that-from some secret reason they do not belong to each other, for quarrels are nothing to those who are united in sympathy. If Mr. Reynolds spoke to her again, would she give him a different answer ? Perhaps I mirht graciously be pleased to allow that I wa3 less indifferent than I had once appeared to be, she thought, and she tos3ed back her curl and opened wide her eyes, and dis covered it was nearly one o'clock, and tiino for bed. . Antonio came next morning before Angel was up. He was used to workmen, and .to hurrying their reluctant hammers and whitening pails. He took it upon himself to dismiss two or three on the spot, feeling sure that Angelica's little store woiild be snou expended if she gave orders on the same scale, as Lady W,, who had sent in thi3 army in all kindness and inexperience. Zucchi himself acted as chief artificer and foreman, the men seeing him take his place so naturally, imagined that he was the owner of the house, and obeyed his orders. When Miss Angel appeared in her wrapping gown and cap she found that Antonio had accomplished wonders in a hard morning s work, that everything was in order in the studio. The Princess, followed by the wholo court, might come when she would. ' "1 hope you forgive me for interfering," said Zucchi ; " you must remember how quickly money goes in this country, and that one man's day here costs tbreo times as much as with us." The days are much shorter and blacker here than with us," said Angelica. . " They ought to be .cheap enough : how good of you, Tonio, to come to my help ; what shall you want for your work ? .See here," she said, running into her room and coming out again with - Lady Diana's pooket-book, "1 have saved £S0, and Lady Diana has lent me £100 for my rent. I am to get £15 for three fans I am painting, to-morrow." " Do yon mean that this is all you have got to reckon on?" cried Zue'ohi. "I thought thoae rich had loaded you with their miserable favors. Is this their dole in re turn for what you have done for them? Y'ou will be starving in a month or two, if you go on "at _tbis rate, my poor child : where is your father, that old mummy ? Why does he not come to take care of you ' :he said, very much agitated. Antonio, brought up in the severe order of poverty, had an exaggerated horror of want .and of debt, as he had of Angelica's incapa city. Angelica was .perfectly justified under the circumstances in doing us she had done ; but it is certain that Antonio's cranky anxieties saved her money, labor, and many a consequent worry just at this time. He used to come for an hour in the morn ing, and for an hour in the evening. Angelica was not always there ; but on her return she was sure to find some trace of his presence, and of the industry of the trembling hands. From the very first so many people came to Angelica's studio that his presence was little remarked upon. The Lord Essex of those days was her great friend and patron, so was Lord Henry Belmore, not to be re buffed, and Lord TV. would also hurry in and out occasionally; Mr. Fuseli came many times, Mr. Boydell and his brother, the artistic alderman, were entirely cap tivated with the young artist, and so, indeed, were many others too numerous to mention. All that winter the little house had been alive with voices, and footsteps,' and greet ings, and exclamations of wonder anil admi ration from friends, lovers, patrons and admirers of both sexes. In tho engrossment of settling down, of feeling her own success and importance, Angelica thought less of Mr. Reynolds than she did later, when the first excitement of this new way of living had somewhat palled upon her. Who could have imagined that this cold foggy life was to be so full of vibrating emotion and of romance? Rome, with all her wonders, had contained far more commonplace ex periences than this black and vapor-haunted citv. Lady Diana came often at first, then morn rarely, for she looked on with doubtful approbation at Miss Angel's ex-' periences. Lady \V. also came. She seemed to have forgiven Angelica. Angel, standing in the deep windows of her Btudio, could see her torches flaring up the street as the lady travelled homewards in her chair ; as the lights would disappoar into the fog Angel would ask herself if she was indeed the little girl of year ago, who had stood eating grapes and looking over the Rialto. The remembrance of it sometimes came over her so vividly that she seemed to breathe tho air, to hear the voices, the sound of the feet trailing upon the bridge. Zuechi's voice did not jar upon these recollections, although he sent them flying. All. that winter Angelica was too bnsy, too engrossed to look back often ; the present was all in all. She rarely met Mr. Reynolds, hut when she did come across him he seemed to ovoid her she thought, and just at this time she wa9 content that it should be bo, and glad of the postponement. Thnt all would come right she never questioned ; of her power to call anybody to her feet she scarcely doubted. 1 ' I can look at people,"- she once told Antonio, half in jest and half in earnest, "and make them turn pale and do anything I wish ; but I don't, Antonio. I could make you miieli kinder if I tried. But 1 am used to your scold- ings." Antonio left the room, banging the door. So time, and sitters, and days passed by: in turn, the house in Golden-square pros pered and flourished, and Angelica was de lighted with her own . triumphs and suc cesses, and the time drew near for old Kauff- mann's arrival. The Princess of Brunswick had given so flattering an account of the young painter that the Princess of Wales, the mother of the king, sent a message to say that she was coming to visit Angelica in her studio, "Such an honor was never paid to any other painter," writes Angelica to lier transported old father. He r.ead the letter to his sister, the farmer's widow, to the dairy maid, to the cure after mass, to tho goatherd, to the very goat3 upon the mountain slope. The whole valley participated in the Kauffmann's dis tant honors and glories. They urged him to lose n6 time, to start off immediately to the golden 'scene of his daughter's triumph. "In London, that great city, the applause," says Rossi, "was. universal.. The public papers contained verses in different languages written in her praise." (t required no little courage and dogged opposition on AntODio's part to continue his system of detraction and plain- speaking as he called it.. One can never account for the curious phases of people's mind. To him Angelica was nn inadequate genius ; but a more complete woman perhaps than any. other he had ever known; more complete in her feminine power than ail the six Miss Stars , at Windsor put together, than the Princess of Brunswick in her velvet mantles; than Lady W. with all her beauty, her gentle affectations, anil cultivated vapors. Sometimes Antonio coming in would find the young painter sitting surrounded by a circle of admirers. Not unfrequently she would be talking nonsense in a high, ecstatic voice. " Y'e? !" she would say, " I will confess to yon .all that it ha? been a something beyond me that has ever driven me onward through life, seeking for the most beautiful and ideal representa tion of the truth. That, is why I try to give some deep, allegorical meaning to all that I depict. If I have painted this picture of my friend Mary Moser as 'Prudence sacrificing to Duty and Enchaining the wings of Cupid,' it is because 1 have. felt that in the most commonplace form and feature (here there was a little suppressed titter in the circle which Angel did not notice — Mr. Fuseli alone frowned and looked annoyed) there is often a moral, a sugges tion far beyond the passing moment, and to that we' must cling if we would, not utterly weary and 9icken of the dull disappointments and realities of life.;' She started up as she spoke, a slim prophetess in a white falling dress, pointing to the picture she had jnst completed. Soine classical recas9 fn the wall jitst. behind made anarch above her liead. ' It. was an April evening ; the window was open ; the dusk was creeping in. A great va:e of spring flowers stood on a table by her side. " I do not comprehend," said Antonio, in his slow English, " why an allegory should be of more value to the world than a truth. 1 should have imagined until now. that a good likeness, carefully painted, is what one wishes for, in remembrance of . a friend, not. a classical allusion to something else which does not concern anybody in partieu: lar." Miss Angel blushed up. Some secret con science warned her that she had been making a display, but why was Antonio to lecture her in public. She said nothing, but she showed by her manner that : she was dis pleased. ' Contradiction from Zucchi always roused the secret gipsy in Angelica's : character. True friends are sorts of magnifying glosses. Antonio was a true friend, and saw her perhaps as she really was, with some slight exaggeration. For Antonio alone, perhaps, she was but herself — no wonder such aa all these people would have declared her to be, no mighty mistress of her art, but a- sweet and impulsive-hearted girl whose, arch bright looks, half saucy, half appealing, went straight . to his heart, whose constant self-denying work and application he knew how fcto appreciate. Perhaps she pursued her way too triumphantly; perhaps if her pictures had cost her more,. they might' have been better worth the sweet lifetime she had given to thein, the hours of youth, of gaiety, and natural amusement and interest sacri ficed to these smiling ladies vaguely waving their arms or reclining upoti impossible banks. He praised her coloring, and Angel's oheeka would burn in answer. Her senti- meat was charmiDg, but her drawing was absurd, and he did not sctuple to tell her so. 