LATEST INTELLIGENCE REUTER'S TELEGRAMS TO AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS. . ! LONDON, FEBRUARY 13. SPAIN.—The Carlist torces have arrested the advance of the Spanish troops on Estella, and Don Alfonso, the newly appointed King, has ordered a levy of. 70,000 inen. FRANCE.— On the 12th instant, by a majority of 310, the National Assembly voted that Senators should be chosen by the same electors as choose the Deputies. It is considered that this vote will jeopardise the Constitutional Laws. The Govern- ment have communicated with the Assembly on behalf of President MacMahon in condemnation of yesterday's vote. There was great excitement over the votes on the Radical clauses of the Con- stitutional Bills, but ultimately they were re- jected, as also the Senate Bill by 357 to 345. A motion for the dissolution of the Assembly was rejected by 407 266. Wheat is still drooping. Foreign arrivals are abundant. The copper market is firmer : Chilian is quoted at £83 to £84 ; Australian at £91 to £93. The tin market presents a quiet appearance. Straits, £90 to £21 ; Australian, £00. VERSAILLES, FEBRUARY 14. The members of the French Ministry have ten- dered the resignation of their offices and Presi- dent MacMahon has entered the consultation with the Due de Broglie ; but the formation of a new Administration is believed to be impossible until a final vote shall have been arrived at in reference to the constitution wliich is now under considera- tion in the Assembly. A RAM THREE WEEKS WITHOUT FOOD. — A few days ago (the Burrangong Argus states) a ram belonging to a man named Dwyer, at Tipperary Gully, which had been missing for about three weeks, was discovered in a digger's hole. When taken out it had strength enough to walk away and feed, and at present shows every sign of re- covering from the effects of its long fast. THE BERREMBED MURDER. — The Wagga Express reports that William Stringer was on Tuesday brought up on remand, charged with the wilful murder of James Mitchell. The evidence of con- stable Foley, Clarke the shanty-keeper, and his son, Taylor, Kenahan, and Dr. Large was taken, and was identical with that taken at the inquest. Prisoner was committed for trial. The witness Clarke fainted while giving his evidence, and had to be carried out of Court. AT SEA IN A WATER-TANK. — The Swatow cor- respondent of the China Mail, writing on Dec. 10th, says : — That the British vessel Albert Victor arrived there on Sunday last, bringing ten men and one woman, the former Chinese, and the latter Siamese, picked up at sea eighty miles S.E. of the Shantung Promontory. They were found floating in a huge water-tank, and informed the captain of the Albert Victor that they had left New- chwang on November 21, in the Siamese barque Contest, which foundered the next day near the Shantung Promontory. The captain of the Contest, by name Kramer, had taken refuge in the water-tank before the Chinese now saved entered it, but on seeing their approach he left it, and was not seen again. The Contest went down half an hour after the boats, which are supposed to have been made use of for safety by the Malay crew, were entered, but owing to the darkness nothing is known by those who are rescued by the Albert Victor as to the fate of either officers or crew. The water-tank floated about for six days with its living occupants, who during that time had no other provisions than a fowl and a salt fish. They state that they had no water to drink the whole time, and that they had made up their minds to kill and devour the pretty and young Siamese female who was sharing their fate in the water-tank. They were all so ex- hausted that they had to be carried on board the Albert Victor. One of those rescued is the super- cargo of the Contest A CHASE AFTER A GHOST. — The Tasmanian Tribune reports that on Sunday evening, 7th inst., as a couple, consisting of a young lady and her admirer, were wandering in the vicinity of St. George's burial ground, the spectre, which has up to now eluded the vigilance of the police and the public made its appearance. It was nearly being its last appearance in public, for the youth gave chase and pressed it so closely that it was com- pelled to divest itself of some of its dress, which fell into the hands of the pursuer. The articles consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and a skirt, connected with which was, of course, the ever-attendant improver. The spoil remains in the hands of the party who drove the ghost to the extremity leaving it on the field, and the owner can have it on application. RE FRANK GARDINER, ALIAS CHRISTIE. — Detec- tive Hogan has reported, for the information of the Inspector-General of Police, that an old Sydney resident, a passenger from San Francisco per steamship Mikado, informed him (detective) that Gardiner arrived at San Francisco from Hong kong by the steamship Great Republic ; that he is keeping a first-class public-house, which a num- ber of persons, called a ' ring,' have fitted up in first-rate style for him. Our information is that it is a great draw. He visited the house daily, when it always appeared full. Gardiner is known there as the New South Wales bushranger. BURNED TO DEATH. — The Melbourne Age gives the following account of a fatal burning case which occurred at the manse of the Prespyterian Church, Hotham, where the pastor of the church, the Rev. A. D. Kininmont, resided. It appears that Miss Agnes Kininmont, the daughter of the pastor, after coming from church, went into the kitchen to procure some hot water. While standing close to the fire, by some means a light muslin dress she was attired in became ignited. The unfortunate girl, becoming alarmed, ran into the yard screaming, and the flames becoming aug- mented by the wind, she was soon enveloped. Her body, face, and head were frightfully scorched, the hair having been completely burned off. Medical assistance was promptly secured, and every remedial agency brought into use to alleviate the horrible torture the poor creature was suffer- ing. At the time of the sad occurrence Mr. Kinin- mont was absent at Sorrento with a portion of his family, having left the deceased with her sister and the servant in charge of the house. DROWNED IN A WATERHOLE. — We (Dubbo Dis- patch) are informed that last week a young man, whose name we have been unable to learn, met his death rather suddenly at Ten-mile Waterhole. It seems he was travelling overland with sheep, and went to a waterhole to wash a shirt. Not coming back, his mates went looking for him, and found him drowned. TECHNICAL HUMBUG. — A drunken man went into a public-house in Cooktown and introduced himself to a stranger standing at the bar, by striking the unfortunate man on the head with a water monkey, splitting his right ear, and cleaving the flesh over the eye down to the skull. The Courier says that, owing to the parsimony of the Government in not providing for a medical officer, there will be some difficulty in bringing the case home to the miscreant, as there is no responsible medical man in Cooktown who could testify to the true skin being cut. BOURKE, TUESDAY. — Fine showers have fallen all over the Bourke district, and fears of drought have entirely disappeared. The Cobar tanks are filled.— Herald's Telegram. 