? A ROMANCE. PAET n.—LACHESIS. BOOK IV.—KIXG CROOKED-CHIN. CHAPTER I.—Continued. BY E. E. FRANCILLON. AUTHOR OP "EARL'S DENE," "PEARLAND EMERALD," " ZKT.DA'S FOBTOKE," ETC. He went up to his easel, and lifted the cloth that covered it and had not been removed since his return. He shrugged his shoulders contemptuously as he let the cover fall again. " That magnificent painter Forsyth, or whatever it is they call me, won't be represented in the Exhibition this year—I believe that is the usual form. No, nor next year, nor the next, if I have any gift of prophecy. Let me £66—what is the nest bftrt part of'the world to lose oneself in? If I were a few years younger I might shoulder a musket again, but I'm afraid Don Miguel Flores y Matamoras would stare a little if I offered myself as a recruit in these latter days. South African lion-hunting is the traditional resource for broken-down romance heroes—but then I'm not a hero; and, if I were, what harm have Seath African lions done to me that I should punish them for my own follies? Come—I can't stay here asking myself riddles, any way. I must not sit down and think, and I will, not—I must do something, and I will. If I am not a hero, neither am I broken down." His self-mockery was sorry enough, but he was one of those men who use jests for stabs when they turn upon themselves. The utter desolation to which he must henceforth look forward was not to be looked upon save with half-closed and mocking eyes; and it is the bitterest, harshest suffering of all that is wept with forced jests instead of natural tears. He went out into the streets because, as he had said, he could not sit and brood. The shadow of the doubly-lost Olympia—his miserable nightmare of impossible hope and peace—was sitting there, and suggesting all that might have been and could never be. If he had painted no picture for the world, he had painted one for himself, and had put his whole heart into the colours that faded away under his hand. He had merely gone out into the streets, without any purpose beyond that of reducing himself so far as he could to the condition of a drop in the sea. The atmosphere of a crowd was the breath of life to one who might not mix with mankind save in the mass; observation was his sorry substitute tor sympathy. Not that he was now in an observant mood; but it was some paltry sort of philosophic consolation to feel that, after all, he was only bearing his share of the common burden, and that his life was only one out of a million of lives. He had come out to fortify himself with deliberate thought upon his present 'and future; and had instinctively escaped from himself to find what he sought among the hurry of active iife and the suggestive roar of wheels. While his mind was unconsciously at work his body drifted along the strongest currents of the human river. In a crowd the burden of each is in some degree borne by all, just as a rivulet, when it has entered the sea, will bear a weight that its own strength would not suffice to keep from sinking down. Suddenly he was roused from his reverie by feeling a heavy hand laid upon his shoulder. Looking up he found to his annoyance that he was face to face with one of those genial men who are the curse and horror of all who sometimes wish to be alone —who translate No into Yes, and against whom the most scornful reserve is no wield. To lay a familiar hand upon the reputed misanthrope who had not- a familiar acquaintance in the world was a feat which only one man in the world was capable of achieving; and this was he. I'Hulloa, Forsyth!" he said in a jolly voice, "where have you been? All the fellows have been swearing that you are dead and buried. Here's a a disappointment for some of them! Been down at that Earl's of yours, I suppose? Hope you've enjoyed yourself—though you don't look it, I must say. How is it you haven't a picture this year? You've seen mine, of course. What do you think of it? Gome, none of yoor cold water this time" "I would give you scalding water with Eleasure; but it so happens that I can neither low hot nor cold. I haven't seen it at all. I'm rather in a hurry, if you'll excuse me" " What—not seen my picture? No wonder you're in a hurry, then—why everybody's been talking about it these ten days. How oould yon have -missed it?" "Very easily—I have not seen yours because I have not seen anybody's." " What?—Ah, I suppose you've only just oome to town. You're on your way now, of oourse. I'm going too, so I'll just get your first impression. But how is it there's nothing of yours?" "How should I know? Perhaps it has been rejected" " Hang it all, JForsyth, what a close fellow you are! One wants a tongue made like an oyster-knife to talk to you. By the way, there are a lot of new men this year—not likely to set the Thames on fire, though, any of them. One fellow, though,.hasn't done a bad thing—any way, you won't think so." "And why not I!" " Because imitation's the sincerest form of flattery. I wasn't taken in myself, but I've heard a dozen men, at the first blush of the thing, say, ' That's a Forsyth,' before they thought of looking at their catalogues. Perhaps you know the name?" What name?" " Didn't I tell you? Seaward." "No." "Then there's my last hope gone—I've asked all the fellows, and nobody knows. What do you think of somebody going in for your mantle, and doing it so cleverly that half the fellows think you've got something after an." " He is quite welcome. I hope it will fit him better than it fits me. But I'm keeping you" "You haven't been going in under a nom, de guerre, have you? By Jove! it would be just like you—I' wonder I never thought of that before. Here we are. No—you're coming in; I must get your first impression of my picture; surely you were on your way here? No? Well, of all the closest old files —if you don't come in, I'll hang on you till you do." Forsyth, knowing his man, knew that the only chance of getting rid of him was to yield, give him his dose of praise, and then escape in the crowd; or else to yield, abuse his picture, and make an eneniy of him for an hour, which might be a better way still. So he gave way and followed. He escaped more easily than he expected. His acquaintance did all the, praise for himself, and left his critic no part to play but that of assenting silence. When at last he pleaded a pressing engagement, the selftrumpeter, having caught hold of another listener, let him go willingly. He was on his way to the entrance, letting his eyes wander idly and incuriously from wall to wall, when he wasisuddenly brought to a stand. He was a haunted man. He had been followed by the face pf a ghost from La Plata to Gressford, and now from Greasford to London -—and its face, no longer vague and shadowy like that of a phantom, but complete in all the life of form and colour, gazed down upon him from the wall. If he iras in his sober senses—which he doubted—it was a miracle. The type of beauty to which Olympia Sanchez had be-' longed was common and national But this was ho typical portrait—this was she, her own self and no other. Had he himself dared to place on canvas the face that he had striven to forget, and had his hand worked in unison with his memory, this is what he himself would have done. He looked into the picture long and earnestly, trying to convince himself that either some chance resemblance had produced an illusion of sense and memory or that he was in a dream. If it were a coincidence, that would be the greatest miracle of all. There was but one living painter besides himself who could paint that face. Apart from sorcery, if it was not the unconscious work of Forsyth, it was the work of Olympia. Could it be possible that she had really carried out her wild scheme of setting up as a painter in London, and that her mysterious elopement could be thus accounted for—that she, with her utter ignorance of the paths to success, had not only carried out her scheme, but had made it succeed? But, impossible aB all this might seem, it was nothing to the impossibility of ascribing the portrait of Olympia Sanchez to any hands but those of Olympia Westwood. So long did he stand absorbed in contemplation that he forgot the possibility of his falling once more into the clutches of his genial companion. But his genial companion did not forget him. . Once more the hand was laid on his shoulder. " Aha, I thought I should catch yon here. Come—tell me honestly, there's a good fellow —is it you.oris it not you?" It was the very question that he was asking himself, and to which he could find no answer. " Who is it?" he asked suddenly. "What did you say was the name?" "By Jove! yon've got a touch of human jealousy after all. Seaward's the name. Here's the catalogue—Charles Seaward, No. 14, Little Minster - street, Westminster. Never heard of the place any more than the name. Genius under water I should say. Then I was right, and it isn't you?" "The picture is sold, I see. Do you know" "Know? Of course I know. That was another thing made me think that, perhaps, you knew more" "I know nothing. Who bought that picture?" " Why your own man, Lord Wendale. Do you really mean to say you don't know? I thought that misguided young man wasyour Charles the Fifth, and that you were his Titian. The idea of his buying that thing when there's" But Forsyth heard no more. Olympia, with his nephew for her patron; it was clear enough now. He had fulfilled his threat, then, and had discovered her; he was making the most of his new toy. " I must save her from this," he thought. " I would save any girl—even if it obliges me to see her again." How he was to save her he did not think; for once, the floodgates by which for years he had restrained the impulses of the instant were broken through. Even the new bolts and bars, wherewith he had strengthened them in that very morning's solitude, were shattered as if they had been mere cobwebs— as, perhaps, they were. He said not a word; but turned his back upon the gallery, and was gone. "Do you see that?" laughed the genial painter to another friend who stood by his side. "See what?" •'What? Why Lord Wendale's bootpainter in ordinary, to be sure. He's lost his place, my boy—he's gone mad with jealousy —and I'm glad of it, by Jupiter! That's what comes of our private patronage, and there goes an exploded impostor. We'll have our innings now—you and I. Didn't he turn green when he heard that lord of his had bought a picture thatwasn't his, and without consulting him!" "No, no," said the other; "Forsyth's a miserly fellow, with a bad heart and a bad tongue; but we won't hit a man when he's downi Who's Seaward?" " Ab, that's just what I want to know. We mustn't let him get his head turned by those lord fellows. We mustn't let any more shoeblacks into the concern. I'll find out Little Minster-Btreet, and drop him a card. One might come across Lord Wendale there oneself—who knows?" Meanwhile Forsyth, the supposed dying lion, was hurrying to Westminster as fast as a coach could carry him. He guessed only too well what such a relation between his nephew and Olympia must at last come to mean; and, cost what it might, even the betrayal of his life's secret, she must be saved. Love himself had not proved to be the final temptation of all. He sought to realise nothing. There was no need to speculate upon what might be, or what might not be, when he was on the eve of knowing all things. He had no course of action—that must come. It was not, however, without considerable difficulty that the address of Charles Seaward was discovered. But it was found at last; and Forsyth hurried up the court until he reached the dingy door on which the number " 14" was barely legible. What a place |n which to light upon Olympia, if it were really she! He knocked, and asked Does Miss Westwood live here?" " I don't know the name, Sir," answered the maid-of-all- work, who had been so carefully instructed to deny all visitors to Mr. Seaward. " No ? Perhaps I am wrong in the name. Some young lady lodges here ?" "Oh, yes, Sir—if you want to see Miss Droual'-' " Of course she would change her name," he thought. " Yes, that Is very likely the name. Is Miss Drouzil in? Can I see ner?" "Yes, Sir—you will find her in Mr. Seaward's painting room, if you'll come this way." He followed the girl up the close and narrow staircase, and tapped at the door that was pointed out to him. " Come in !" called out a man's voice that was not unfamiliar to him. He entered— and a strange group met his eyes. He was in the depths of Westminster, and yet was standing on the village green at Gressford St. Mary, leaning against the blacksmith's door. There was the bear-leader, still with his pan-pipes and side-drum, his bronzed face, his blue chin, his sallow cheeks, and his red nose. There, also, was the bear, standing upon his hind legs, with his pointed nose in the air, as if in the act to perform; there, also, instead of the fairy-like child, with bine eyes and golden hair, was a girl scarcely less like a fairy, with hair no less golden and eyes no less blue. They formed an artistically arranged group: and in front of them, with his back to the door, stood a young man at an easel, painting them alL In the corner, the part of the audience was played by another Gresford acquaintance—the inevitable Major Sullivan, looking on at the performance, with admiration shining in his stony blue eyes. Except for the want of the bracing air, and of the bright October sunshine, it was the whole scene of the village green once more. The vagrant, now tiie famous painter, stood still upon the threshold, thinking, if lie' thought anything, that he had really become crazed. The young artist was too absorbed in his work to turn round; but Sullivan saw the visitor: and the golden-haired girl, suddenly throwing herself out of her pose, glanced at hiin for a single instant, darted forward, and caught his hand. " Mon Dim!—(Test lui!— It is he to whom I gave some pennies, and who gave me the gold!" Monsieur Drouzil looked up slowly and heavily, blinked at him with his blear eyes, and then nodded solemnly—and then the young painter turned round—let fall his brush—and saw him with Olympia's eyes. 