NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS There is great scarcity of labor at Hay. very successful ball, under the auspices of Murrumbidgeo Lodge of Freemasons, was given at Hav recently, Mrs. Hugh Wallace, an old resident of the Braidwood district, died at the age of 69 years. Her life in the district dated from the year 1841. Two youths, in the employ of Michael Rush, pulled a nice at Rocky Mouth, Clarcnce River, the other day. The race was well contested, and rowed in good style. A 1 mllock recently killed at Mudgec weighed 14031 b, The caul fat weighed 10411). This heavy weight" was bred by Mr. George Rouse, mid fattened "in the Biraganbil paddocks. The following is narrated as an instance of the efficicncy of the Hay policeA warrant was issued for the apprehension of a man ou Monday the 19th July, aud by the 28th of the same uiouth be was safely lodged iu the watchhouse. The wrest took place about 140 miles from Hay by trooper Kelly, who, notwithstanding a severe attack of i)lne.«*on the way, by the timely assistance of Oscar, the black tnickcr, carried out the pursuit satisfactorily. Signor Smionetti has just completed a very excellent medallion portrait iu alto-relievo of Madame Ristori, the world-renowned tragedienne, whose memorable visit to this colony is now drawing to a close. It is Signnr SiinnnettiV intention to roproduce a limited number of copies of hi* medallion in plaster of Paris, believing that such a memento will be greatly prized by some of the many friends aud admirers she leaves behind her. The constituents of the Hon. John Lackey have, we believe, invited that gentleman to a banquet, which is to take place at Liverpool on the 1st of September next. Mr. Lackey is one of the most highly reflected members of the present Parliament. He has always been popular " out of doors"—!.<•., in Central "Cumberland at least; and, seeing that pic-nics and dinners have become the order of the day, it is not a matter of surprise that the hon. gentleman should be selected for special honor. A peripatetic medicine vendor promises (says the Sydney JSrcning JV T c?ra)to address an audience from a well-appointed buggy outside the new Town-hall. The self-styled "doctor" has been drawing tremendous houses in Melbourne and Adelaide by the humorous manuer in which be calls attention to the virtues of his wares. He is an accomplished vocalist and banjo player, aud a wag of the Artemus Ward school With the hawk aloft, aud a mock doctor at the basement, and a council inside, the building will soon become famous for plucking. The Burrawjowj Argus reports that a magisterial enquiry was held at Wombat last week by the police magistrate, touching the death of Richard TafF. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that deceased, who was hired by a selector named Lowry, was at work by himself felling trees, and that upon Lowry going to the place where he was at work, he found hiin quite dead, tying under the limb of a tree which he appeared to have been falling. Deceased was a native of Ireland, between fifty and sixty years of age, aud a steady, sober man. It is only a week or two since (says the Parkes paper) we published a " caution to parents," in recording the fact that a little boy at Currajong had two of his fingers chopped off while playing with a tomahawk, a similar misfortune happened a day or two ago to a lad 11 year's of age, son of Mr. E. Taylor, an employee at Balderogery Station. The boy was playing with bis little sister, who, with a tomahawk accidentally inflicted a severe cut on her brother's hand, so badly that Dr. G'Conneii, who was consulted, considered it necessary to amputate the middle finger. William Hargraves, a shoemaker, in the em' ploy of Mr. John Kelly, of Braidwood, a few days since had a very narrow escape of being burnt to death under the following circumstances: —It appears that he is very subject to fits, and on the night in question he was in the act of lighting his pipe after tea at the kitchen fireplace, when, being seized with a fit, he fell into the fire. The fit must have passed away quickly, as he got out of the fire, but how he has not the slightest recollection. No assistance was at hand at the time. He is fearfully burnt about the right arm and shoulder, and also on his left hand and leg. He has had remedies applied to draw out the fire from the wounds and cause them to heal, but some time must elapse before he is able to resume his daily avocations.—Dispatch, Two very peculiar cases, illustrative of the value of Life Assurance, have (says the Herald) been brought under our notice. A respectable tradesman resident in Termra, in perfectly good health, made application to the Australian Mutual Provident Society for an insurance on his life. The proposal was accepted, and the assurance completed on the 5th August by the issue of an interim receipt for the first premium ; on the 16th August, and before the Society's policy was issued, the member was no more; au accident of a simple kind caused his death, The second is a more painful one. A gentleman in Sydney was urged to apply for an insurance in the same society, the m risk was accepted •• - -by the Board ' *in Apr 1 ril last, as a first- class life, but the applicant failed to complete, and he too has gone over to the majority. In the former case the widow and family have a considerable sum of money as a Btand by in the hour of need, while in the latter a large family to whom the sum applied for (and which the jippUcant failed to secure) would have been of t; service, are left ill-provided for. We pubtbese cases to show the advantage which Eadlng insurers secure by completing their applications, and as another warning of the uncertainty ofhuman life. ' Canvassers are going «around" for signatures to a petition to the Government for the dissolution ol the Yass Municipality, Poundkceping must be a dull business occasionally. The actual proceeds of the sale of eight unclaimed animals at the North Yass pound, for last mouth, amounted to Is. 6d. Mr. Crawley, taxidermist, of Hunter-street, "setting up the head of a Catiforuian elk. The horns of this king of the Rocky Mountains are over five feet in leugth, and spread eight feet. The case containing them cost fifty dollars freight from San Francisco, When finished the head will bo exhibited for a few days. A chess tournament in coimection with the Sydney Chess Club, Courvoisier's Cafe, has been commenced. The following arc the entries :—1st class—Messrs, Crane, Fisher, Ryan, and " Faber; 2nd class—Messrs. Lea, MucDonnell, M'Clelland, Russell, Schofield, and "Alter;" 3rd class— Messrs. Abbey, Melhado, Seldon, and Spencer ; 4th class—Messrs. Brown. Davidson, and Morrison. The two highest scorers will be the prizetakers. The extraordinary case of Colonel Valentine Baker, late of the 'lOth Hussars, and Assistant Quartermaster-General at Aldershot, who is charged with an assault upon n lady in a railway carriage, has created no end of excitement in high circles. The gallant gentleman (says "Anglo- Australian") must be well known to tbe Governor at Sydney, a« Lord Valentia, Ludy Robinson's brother, was one of the bail for the accused in the sum of .£1000. A correspondent writing froniCoonauiblcto the Dubbo Dispatch says :—" I am sorry to say that the horse-shooters on runs do not seem to care what animals they shoot. They kill everything -clean-skinned and branded. Tliey skin the unbranded, but after taking the hair they cut out the brands of the branded, aud then let the animals lie there to rot, I believe in shootiug horse? on runs, as I know wild horses are a terrible nuisance, but notice should be given by ruuholders to neighbors, and if that were done many a valuable horse would be saved. Squatters should not allow any but honest trustworthy men to shoot horses on their runs." The Hay Standard reports the death Ijy drowning of a little girl, seven years of age, at Eli Elwah. It appears, from a stateuieut made by the deceased child's friends, that she was playing near the river wheu the steamer Enterprise came iu sight, and while running along the edge of the bank, the earth gave way and precipitated her into deep water. Her brother, who was in a boat close at hand along with a man named Atkinson, saw his sister fall and gave the alarm, but the united efforts of the men on the steamer, which was stopped instantly, could not save her. The Ijody was found nest morning by Werner aud Atkinson, Mr. Tindale sent information to the police, but no reply was received, nor did any member of the force from Hay visit the spot up to the time of burial, although the Inspector, it is stated, received Mr. Tindale's report before 7 o'clock on the evening of the 11th mst., the day on which the accident occurred. Surprise has been expressed at tbe apparent indifference of the police in this matter. On the 13th, the mother of the child insisted on preparing the body for interment, and the burial took place at the Hay cemetery ou the following day. Lost ia the snow is not a ray common thing in Australia, but it occurred the other day iu the Manaro district. The Mercury says William Butler, in the employ of Mr. Druitt, nearCooma, was hunting for stock during the greater part of the da} 7 , and towards nightfall he was observed by Mr. Philip Kelly on horseback jogging along in the direction of his home. Shortly afterwards, however, Butler's horse returned riderless, and tears were entertained for the safety of the rider. Tuesday, the 3rd inst., was a bitterly cold day— on the bleak plains snow and sleet fell all night, rendering tbe country round almost indistinguishable by reason of its white mantle. Mr, H. Appletcn and Master Druitt at once turned out, and searched the whole night for Butler, who was not found by the searchers until next morning. It seems Butler had been thrown from his horse, and in consequence of the snow lying about he could not tell where he was, and so he wandered round in a comparatively small circle till morning. Mr. Appleton says Butler looked fearfully bad when he and his companion met him, and it was a wonder how he stood it the whole livelong 6uowy night of the 3rd inst. Sailors should not wear long-tailed coats, as the following circumstance '(related by a Sydney journal) will prove :—One of the sailors of the steamer You Yangs, on Monday night week, having put off his workingattire, encased himself in his Sunday suit, which included a long-tailed coat. He then, conscious of his respectability walked up town, aud while standing in an imposing attitude at the junction of two of our principal streets, a guardian of the peace approached and carefully surveyed him. The brave son of Neptune immediately asked what was wrong, and whether the cut of his coat was the cause of so much rapture. The policeman replied the affirmative, and asked where he obtained the fashionable garment. The sailor replied that he found it. The answer, of course, roused the dormant suspicion of the gentleman in blue, who at once marched the nautical beau to the Central Police Station. Upon reaching that place of terror, the sailor, who began to see the danger of further joking, was ushered into the presence of the sergeant in charge, and to that officer explained that he was a seaman, belonging to the steamer You Yangs, then lying alongside the Melbourne Steam Company's wharf, and. that he was the rightful possessor of the coat, having purchased it. The sergeant, desirous of proving the etory sent the two down to the steamer, when the chief officer turned out and fully endorsed the man's belongbig to SouthGundagfti residents. A pigeon match was shot l^tjcekbetween Mr ffifo d of Maitknd, and Mr. ClarKM Singleton, for m. It was won by the ktt&, after a close contest. t . t Flour has again advanced in price at Q™gai; V > it il now i20 per ^ r ^ t ^ A t S at this hivrh figure while the state ol the r and the ihign rate of carriage stop importation from neighboring districts. A semi-official letter, written by a go»Wt employe who holds the position ^ schoolmaster and storekeeper in a penal establishment not a hindred miles from Goulburn, was shown to us the other day; and which for bad spelling, involved construction, and abominable grammar, " banged Ranagber."—Kass Comer. Mr, James Cunce.ii, M.L.A., on bail, was charged at the Police Court, Sydney, with hanng assaulted and beaten one Montague Levy, a Justice of the Peace. Prosecutor did not appear, and consequently the case was not proceeded with. It transpired, however, that Mr. Levy some time after the occurrence ordered a constable to take Mr. Cuneen into custody, although he (constable) had not seen the assault. The hearing of the arguments in the law points reserved in the case of Edward White, convicted of au attempt to bribe members of Parliament, aud sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labor, will take place on the 31st instant. There are many widely diverging opinions respecting the value of the objection, which is that colonial legislatures do not possess the privileges of the House of Commons. In order to promote the immigration into New Caledonia, of their fellow countrymen, victims of the late war, it has been determined (says the organ of the Government in Noumea) to give immigrants from Alsace aud Lorraine free grants of land, up to ten hectares, for a family of three persons. These families are not embarked until they have produced certificates from the Society for the Protection of the Alsatians and Lorraines. Recently a chieken was hatched at Mr. John Fuller's place, at Tenandra, which had three bills—one in the usual place and a smaller one on each side of it—also three eyes—two being placed in their proper position, and the third located ou the top of its forehead. This little Irnus iiaJturm was rather feeble and had to be helped out of the shell by Mrs. Fuller, but lived for some days, and would have been exhibited to many neighbors if a predatory cat had not devoured it. Some curious answers were given to questions put to witnesses at the Coroner's Court, Sydney, on the 21st inst. To test the ability of a witness who professed to be a judge of distance, a question was put, and the witness stated that " the vehicle was about 800 yards off," when it could hardly have been that distance in feet. Again, another witness confessed to his ignorance as to how many feet made a yard, but he said he believed that 7 or 8 inches sometimes made a foot. Another witness said that the vehicle was being drawn at a slow trot, and he estimated its pace at half a mile per hour. Mr. Mason, surveyor, has completed the trial survey of the route from Gundagai to Coramaudra, via Jones' Creek. Thus traversed the distance between the two townships is about 304 miles, and the line surveyed by Mr. Mason ie marked throughout by pegs, painted red, driven into the ground, the trees beiug also blazed with a red streak, so that in daylight travellers unacquainted with the bush can safely and easily follow this short cut. For railway purposes this route IE much rougher than the proposed line between Gundagai and Coramaudra via Colac which has also been surveyed. From the following we learn that Mr. Beaumont Reids singing has been paid a high compliment. The Cumberland. Times writes :--«Ae great a compliment as ever a singer received was paid to Mr- Beaumont Reid, the artiste who «mg the ballad Please give me a Penny, Sir,' at thi farewell concert given to Madame Anna Bishop " m , S^ol of Arts, Sydney, on Friday sJimghL The performer, who s^g with S effect, when he came to the refrain, ' P l e i S me a Penny, Sir,'&c;, infused such paE ?Z his tones that a httle girl, of between three 3 four years, was so affected that turning to her father, who sat beside her, and with whom for safety she had deposited her little alL sW J f while tears filled L eyes, < Oh, Pa iTo givefi niy threepenny bit.'" ' glve 111,11 The Yass Courier publishes the following re- S ^ o f l S Scanes^the WaS «»f, p ? lect . lou wpnaent Hardy s e t s s & s ft^jr^^5^ of those who have gone iu bff^e^ Thoir l^r Wli promise nothing in detai l will ? " gh 1 endeavor to the utmost nfr,„ V l , U » Wyer, , spend all the pSfa nSffii 8^' conducive to payers, and I am sure the conSS ^ ' is as important to me ta to streets. for the Lt thirteen vSi nT-®-, A 8 I' bave position in an opportunity of Snl I l t ^ N 1 ^ - ^ quired 1 , and. a gmtSftKnf^ W ^ft ,is>e-' now offer tty SS^tiS? ^ thought fifTirT wiankB to those •wh6 t b'(iW < •rife for vmiW taU&AJ;' i During the absence of the owner in Sydney, about a fortnight since, a cow and seven calves, belonging to Mr. F, Shepherd of Swan Creek, were found dead, having been cut and injured by a knife or other sharp instrument.—a and A. Examiner. i We were shown yesterday (says the Newcastle Ptiot ot the 84th inst.) a novelty (for the season), in the shape of a ripe peach. The fruit was grown at Bedhead, at the garden of Mr. T. G. Alcock, who informs us that he has trees laden with peaches just ripening. We believe that this has hitherto been unprecedented in August, and it tends to simply show the weather is most unseasonable. TJnder the heading of " Ghosts " the Tumut Timet has the following sensational item :— "Hitherto free from notoriety of any kindobjectionable or otherwise—our district is likely to become famous for supernatural visitations. Two ghosts have been seen lately, one at a certain spot between this and Adelong, the other at Reedy Flat. The first mentioned payB regular nocturnal visits to a party of roadmakers in the direction mentioned, but vanishes whenever threatening measures arc resorted to. A hammer, for instance, was thrown at him, or her (for the sex is not quite certain), the other night, but without killing or disabling the intruder. The presumption is, it must have gone clean through the visitor, for a straight aim was taken, and a miss impossible. However, no body, dead or injured, or any part thereof, could be discovered. That at Beedy Flat assumes the form of a candidate for marriage, and comes to regain the affections of his intended bride, which were nipped before fruition by the death ot him who now takes this unusual form of renewing his addresses, The lady is frightened out of her wits, and bolts the moment the candidate appears. The police have been consulted in the matter, and have given such instructions as may lead to the unravelling of these unpleasant mysteries. 