HORRIBLE TRAGEDY IN MEL BOURNE. [From the Melbourne Weekly Times of Decem ber 25.1 One of those shocking occurrences which periodically horrify society was enacted in the heart of the city on Friday. Shortly after 6 o'clock two loud reports in quick succession were heard in the neighborhood of a cottage, 134, Flinders-lane east, and a crowd quickly collected, The constable on duty at once burst open the door of the house, and on entering a bedroom off the: passage saw a shocking sight. The .room was full of smoke, and dimly seen were the bodies of a man and woman lying on the bed. The sheets and blankets were covered with blood, which was pouring in a stream on to the floor. The constable turned the body of the man over, and then made the discovery that more than one-half of the head was blown completely off. On the floor was founda recently discharged six-chambered revolver, covered with blood and brains. The woman was found to be unconscious, and bleeding profusely from a gunshot wound in the right temple. She was promptly removed to the Hospital, where, after a short time, she recovered suffi ciently to narrate the circumstances attendant on the affair. Deceased, whose name was John Mankiwicy, was a Prus sian by birth, and at the time of his death | had just passed his 42nd year. Exactly a year ago on Friday he married the woman, Alice Buckley, and since that time he appears to have led a monadic sort of existence, being chiefly supported by his wife. Although she led a question able life, he appeared to be inordinately fond of her, and at times was overcome by fits of jealous rage, during which he made threats of violence if he found proofs of her faithlessness. Lately he had ill-treated her, and this caused a separation. She stiil retained possession of the house, however, and he visited her at short intervals. During the past week he was reduced to pawning his clothes, and on Friday morning his wife gave him a sovereign to relieve his wants, at the same time telling him to take his over coat out of pawn. He then left, and nothing more was hpard of him until about 6 o'clock in the evening, when he returned and knocked at the door. A little boy, about seven years of age, opened the door, and he asked for his wife, who was dressing in the bedro_om. The child called out that a gentleman wanted, to see her, and he then opened the door, and walked in. His wife was in the act of putting on her dress, and advanced to meet him, but he turned round and locked the door. She was somewhat alarmed by his manner, and asked him what was the matter. He caught her by the arm, and shouted out, " Here is your money," at the same time throwing some silver on the bed. she struggled to get free, and he struck her on the face, and threw her on the bed, saying, " We have been married twelve months to-day, and will have an end of it." Put ting his hand into one of his pockets, he pulled out a revolver, and before she could get out of the way, fired it point blank at her head. After this she remem bered nothing more until she recovered at the hospital. The woman escaped with slight injury, the side of her face being scorched with the explosion, which caused the blood to flow. It is supposed that the chamber which was fired at her was loaded only with powder. Binding that she fell down insensible, he imagined that his purpose had been effected, and he then deliberately put the pistol into his mouth, the result being that the whole of one side of the head was carried clean away. The walls, floor, and bed were spattered over with blood and brains, and the corpse, as found by the con stable, presented a sickening sight. A letter, which was found on the righthand side of the body, showed plainly that deceased had contemplated the murder of his wife and subsequent suicide. The letter was of an extraordinary character, containing charges against his wife, couched in a tone of raving, and inti mating his intention of blowing out his brains before her, so that his " mangled carcase" might ever be in her sight, and his ghost might, if possible, return, and drive her to madness. The inquest on the body of the unfor tunate man was held by Dr. Toul on Saturday, at the Galway Arms Hotel. From the tragic surroundings of the suicide considerable interest was mani fested in the proceedings, and while the inquest lasted a crowd of eager and ex pectant neighbors blockaded every passage leading to the room. The wife of de ceased was the first witness examined, and she gave her evidence without dis playing that nervousness or agitation naturally to be expected under the cir cumstances. Although the fact did not transpire at the inquest, it is asserted that she was dragged out of the river fourteen months since, after a futile attempt to commit suicide. In effecting her rescue one man lost his life, and a second had a narrow escape. On her appearance in Court to answer the charge of attempting suicide she was seen by the man Manki wicy, who conceived a sudden and violent passion for her, which ended in the mar riage which has just terminated in such a terrible manner. The woman herself is tolerably good-looking, rather inclined to embonpoint, and over such a man as de ceased would appear to have been she must have exercised a fascination. From her evidence, it was shown that deceased was fully cognisant of the immorality of his wife, and although a majority of the Jury ruled that that he died by his own hand while of sound mind, it is evident that he suffered from a species of morbid passion or eccesa of sentimentality, which oftentimes carried him beyond himself. 