MAIL NEWS , PER E. AND A. STEAMER BRISBANE. .: ' (Mariihorouiih Chronicle). Tho Burmeso Government has begun to lovy doublo duties on British imports, und there is accordingly much oxcitement among tho Chi- . noso trndors ut Rangoon. Thoro is a great stir throughout India at tho approaching visit of tho Triune of India. Tho Viceroy will moot tho Prince nt Bombay. An ngitatiun line been commenced at tlio Chiucso outports to stop tho oxportalion of Chinese women in California. Tho weakness of tho British squadron in Chinese waters is cnusing mucli apprehension. Tlio Governor of Singapore has been visit ing tho iintivo Statos on the Siamese side of tlio Malayan Ponisula. A number of coolies on board a nativo vessel mutinied. The mutineers killed thoir guardB, ran tlio vessel ashore, and escaped. Custom's Revenue. — Tho rcroipts at Hor Majesty's Customs, from Soptombor 1st to tho litli, was £1859 12s. 7d. The Deb 'c6rrEB Minr.—'W'o ohsqrvo tliit a sura— £40phn.s booniplaood on tho ostimjitos for thu . f lif thor'-improyojnent of ! tho voftd from tho abovo miuo to Westwood. A considerable sum has already boon oxpondod on this road, tho worst pnrts of which -havo boon repaired, by Mr. Jardino, who wo beliovo dcplinod to prooccd any further with tho -work -Uutil- 'tho ownors of- tho mino oxhumod suffloiont oro to wnrrnnf liim in putting on aiiy ihbro ronVl parties, llowovcr,' it . is' evident that ho is latisfiod that tho prospects of tho mino liavo dono so, jliono.1 tho ftbovo amount tvpponrs on tho ostimates. A vory largo quantity of good boppor oro is at grass, and it is not iinprobnblo that arrangements will bo rnudo to ship home seine of it in tho shapo of dead weight by tho Lady Douglas, and if this can bo uooompHshod thoro is no doubt that sucaceding wool ships will do tho samo. Re ports havo long boon rifo ns to tho nohncss of this mine, aud we 'learn from pretty roliablo authority that of tons of oro aro lying on tho ground awaiting transport j and its we know . that somo partios connected with tho shipping intorc9ts have Left town for tlio urposo of proving tho acouraoy of tho roport, wo oxpoct on their rotnm to bo nblo to sot tho publio mind at rest upon tho ranttor. Police Court.— Tho only busin'oss dono at tho Police Court on Saturday morning was tho calling of llinaldo Ramont, soaman on board the Waratuh, who was out on bail, on a oliargo of absenting liiinsolf without loavo from Mb vessel, but us no prosecutor appeared ho was diSchiirgbd:- Honry Cargill andThotnas Spad ing woro also brought boforo tho Court, and again roraandod until Wodnosday. Camping Ground. — In a recent local -on this QutitnAt.. tK ii fnlln'wim? nassairc ooourrod : " Wo shall urgo upon tho doctors both of Rookhamp- ton, Blabkall, a,nd'N6i'manby to roqucst ilfr. ,M acalislcr to take tho inattor in hand, as ho is tho only member in tho group who oan bo .trusted." There, is jjorp a misprint.; For ".Mr. 'Maoalistor " road Mr. Maodonald, to whom, it must be obvious, our remarks aro alone ap plicable. > : . , Prisoners fhomthe Nohth; — By thoTinonee, 8.s., which reached tho wharf yestorday, throe prisoners orrivod from tho North, in oliargo of Sorgeant Doylo. They lied boon brought to Bowcu by tho Florcnoo Irving, and. transferred to tho Tinonoo. Tho following ' aro tlio parti- tioulars of tho 'charges against tliom : Robert Cunningham; committed for ' trial at tho noxt Townsvillo Assizos, for rape ; William Holt, for usiug obsooiio lauguago, I and , Goorgo Boamish for vagratioy, oaoh tlireo months im prisonment. District Court.— An Appeal Case. — John Miller v. August Tiddoman was brought boforo His Honor Judgo Hirst on Saturday morning. Mr. Melbourne was for tho appellant, and Mr. Jones for tho respondent. Tho oaso wns ro- lioard, and His Honor confirmed tho decision of tlio Polioo Magistrate, appellant to pay £4 9s. for wagos, and £4 ISs. for exponsos, including tho costs of the subpoena. In dofault of im- mcdiato payraont lovy and distress, or in default of sufficient distress ono month's imprisonment in Roekhatnptou Gaol. Tho Court wns then ndjournod until Monday (this) morning at ton o'olock. Theatre Roval. — On Saturday Madame Cora gavo an afternoon's performance to the rising gonoration nhon tho doors woro bo- siogod by swarms of young fry. Tho promise of u prizo to ovory ohild gavo inoroasod zost to tho enjoyment of the littlo onos, all of whom nnrriivf bnmn a tronhv with tliom in some wna onlv 31».onco a hoaalfiagillts w4ro'reiar- veUor.aly gbbd. V-J ' l -' Deserters.— Two soamen belonging to tbo barque Sopia uamod Charles Jolianson and John Hill were brought by tho s. Queensland Inst evening from Gladstono in oliargo of Con- stablo Lowry, on romnud from that plauo, and will bo brought boforo tho Benoh this morning on tho ohargo of unlawfully absenting thom- solvos without lenvo. Death Vat' Sea.— On Saturday"' morning about tlifeb'-o'oioek, V middle'-'-'nged mnn, (J. Hodson) who had been omploycd on a station near St. Lawrence, died on board the 8.s. Tinonoo, while at son, on hor pussago from Broadsound to this port. When .the boat camo alongside tho wharf yesterday morning at nine, the body was romoved to tlio Morgue, to await an official enquiry. It ap pears that tho dooonsod suffored from a oompli- . enfjion'of; disoasosrand having b.oon committed on somualight ohargo-thnt of moUtal abberra- tion or vngra .oy — was sdnt to 'rfookhampton- chiofly to obtain tho medical oaro andtroutmont. roquisito in his case. Sergeant Buckley accord ingly put him on board tho Tinonee, under tho oaro of Sergeant Doylo. This wns cn Thursday ; night at six, and tho vessel loft St. Lawronco on the night following, about tho samo hour. Tlio man, who was seriously ill wliou brought , onboard, gradually sunk, und died nt son as- stated, though ovory attention was paid him by tlio officers in oliargo, and others. Catapults. — Those mischievous toy-weapons are again making their npponranco. It's the season for tliom, no doubt; but it would be ttdvisablo to vote tliom always out of Reason. ; A day or two ago, a son of Mr. James Delanoy ; wus badly bruised on tho forohond by ft stone from a catapult, disoharged full iu his faco by nffittkj ,arab— name . unkiiowui— who .sooms 'to havo'steppod up to- the boy, dud taken deliber ate aim. Tho annoyance, howovor, is not eon- fined to tho juvonilo population ; grown-up: persons are constantly in dangor of hiving themselves bruisod and blinded by missiles from liliputian brceoh- londcrs ; and it is to bo hoped that somo stops will bo taken to put down tho nuisance. Wo aro well awaro that our small- polioo force havo work enough on hand, and oannot bo every whoro ; but that ODly adds to the responsibilities of a journalist, who should undor all ciraumstanaos, point out what ho dooms detrimental to tho gonorol iutorcst and 'welfare. Ho may havo a " hundrod oyos " at his disposal, while tho polico havo possibly not half, tho numbor. Wo may add that tho danger arising from catapults is roooiving at tention in England. The World, a London pnpor says : " Colonel Leigh, taking a hint from our columns, asked in tho Houso of Commons tho othor night if the sale of cata pults could bo stopped. Mr. Cross said no, but that boys could bo puiiishad for using tliom in tho strcots -and parks. Won't somebody ask tho Homo Seoratary if tho samo aot - doos not apply to tip-oat,' that pormanont danger to one's oyos whouovor onejias to walk through a quiot street f" Mail Notices.— Mails for Brisbane and tho intermedinto ports, por Queensland, s., will oloso ut tho post-offioo this o voning — for registered letters at 6, for nowspnpors at 7, and for ordinary letters at 8 ojoloelt. Mails for all : ports north of Maokay, including India, China, tho Unitod Kingdom, eto., por Somerset, will bloso also this cvouiiig— for rogistorod letters nt 6 and for ordinary letters at 7 o'olook. Mails for tho Australian Colonios, New Zealand and Fiji, per Balolutha, will oloso this ovoning— for registered lcttars at 6, and for ordinary lottcrs ut 0 o'olook. Visit to a MiNE.-rrA.wrttor in tlio Mclbourno I Herald rolatoa en indidont of his mining ox- j porioAoos -in tho following -grophio stylo :— I I romomborouoo going down tho shaft of the Groat Extondod Hustlor's Tributo with Bob t'arr, tho manager. It was _ just when the - rich, roof which ytoldcd hlf- a-miffipn was disobvcrod.' !Aftor scoing tho' reef, stronkod with gold. I began to asi-ond n porpeudioular lrtddbr 350 foot iu length. I distinctly ' rb- momber, oven nt thlB distant moment, my sonsntions as I n'souuilddi First, 'thero was a vigor and ooiifidonou iiimysolf nsl gaily stepped up tbo ladder,.! Tiioncamo a Slight relaxation of tlio muBoleB, a wenriness, tempting oun. to rest' for a' while. \Vho'n I'rosumed, the pace was Blow, tho briskness vanished. I toiled up wonrily. Presently tho light proceeding from tlio shaft bonmod upon mo ; n stray sunbeam touohod my face, and for ft moment gavo mo oourago, but it soon diod away. My feet began to tromblo, my hands to relax tlioir bold. I know what would happen ; I know I should bo Unshod to pioccs. if I gavo way; I know I was within a few yards of tho top, but I did uot oaro. I frit wholly unmoved at tho pros pect ; oll l thought of wns tho temporary oaso I should obtain if I lot go. My bands ap peared to be losing their hold, my foot to slip off tho rungs, and I seemed to fall down, down tho shaft, whea my hands wero grnBped and my companion's henrty voioo said, " Como, take hold, and don't stop thoro wlion you'ro so. noar tho shaft's mouth." Iu a fow momontB I was in tho opon air of hcavon, but my lcnoos still itrcrablod; my hands soqmod lifeless, my oyo- aight gono, my spirit torpid. I would hot go through that trial again 1 ovon to vioty . nil the 'gold takon. ' ' / Maokav.— Tho Mercury of the "4th instant to hand yoBtcrday by tlio Tinonoo, contains tho following itouiB : Mr. Thomas,1 a gontlotnrih who has' Had somo ton years expurio'n'o'o of sugar growing at Santa Cruz, iii tho - West -r 1 , — K., lnal tm' nt flirt If Htn„lr -XQUIUO) UfM«uu uj «'wv > Swdti" and' lias visiting a niimbor of .plait ta tions with a viow of making arrangements for a trial Of what Mr. Thompson assures us is a spooitio for. tho preventing of tho , so-called " rnst" in oano. — Hoforring to, a sainplo of sugar manufactured at the. To ICowni Plan- tatiop, tho paper says : Tho colour is cxoollont, being within a shade of pure whito, shows n largo and sparkling f.raiu, added to- which tt is almost perfectly dry, possesses very high swcctoniug qualities, and in any 'of tho colonial markots would, wo bolievc, realise at least £33 por ton. The credit of manufacturing it bo- longs to Mr. 1), Dnpont, a gotitlomau for many years engaged in sugnr-making in Mau- ritious, aud who somo months ago arrived in Maokay, and no.w fills tho position of manager of the factory at To Kowai Plantation, owned by Mr. T. II. Fitzgerald.— On Thursday morning last tho.body of a female oliild wns found Iii the rooth- of a young woman named Mary Bropliy, servant nt Mr. A, Brown's, by Mrs. Wheeler who had boon called to soo her. Tho'womnn lind boon oonfiucd of an illegiti mate ohild during tho night. A Magisterial Inquiry was hold the noxt day, before Mr. C. W. Maoloan, J.P. Tbo medical ovidence of Dr. 11. McBurney showod that thoro woro 110 marks of violence on the body, nnij that it appears donbful whether tho ohild lind boon born alivo or not. Thero will bo a furtlior inquiry at tho. Polioo Court as soon as tho woman is well enough to attend. Specialities. — Commodore Goodenough muraorod at Santa Cruz 1 Agood man, and with a bonevolont-wifo, now widowod 1 "NVo wonder if he wns over "porsonatod?" The reader, too, will perhaps wonder what wo are talking about. Did tbo roador over hoar tell of ono Bishop Pat- toson, of Melanesia, son of tho English Judgo of yoro ? Well,! it foil out one day that a sohoooor balled at one of those islands, and the friendly natives woro iuvited on board to see "the Bishop" hnd they (looked in crowds, be held an imposing gentlomnn in the cabin, ar ranged in full cnnonicnls, or pontificials. \- — Hilininwi. fa rrmi nrril ! V tho thlUC. - StrnngQ to — — -a-nf.'.Vtho Bisl'-r?- 7--L/- ituu««ily dropped a lo« „.uirocI censers, in the; shape of - pig' iron, through the onuoc bottoms ; but it did not matter, fcr "tho Bishop" wns so glad to soo his sable friceds, that, rather than put tliom to tile inconvenience of swimming ashore, lie sailed away with thorn altogether from tlio is land, and also quite forgot to bring tliom back ngain into thobargain. Tho "Bishop" paid thom a secoud, visit after this, and all tho rest of the pooplo on tho island, who know of him nt all, partook likewise of his enforced hospitality, and " lost the run " of thoir canqos and thoir liberty in tho same unaccountnblo mumier ns boforo. Tho result wns, that the other blacks who, were still left oil the island wcro liko the now King Phnroah, and tlioy "know not Josoph" by sight but oulv by report ; and when thu real : living Bishop of Molaucsu, about tho spaco of souie weeks nf forwards, not knowing what had i boon dono, "camo in to port" with Ida schooner, tlio straugors who know him not, savo , by' re port, said amongst thoinselves : "This is that kidnappor wicked Bishop, como let uq kill him, j anil 'they slew him, but reVorently covered upi his body, without any vindictive mutilation for ! all that. Poor gentlomnn, littlo did lie know! wlion lie ontprcd tho lion's don of that othor: fiend "Bishop" who had boon thoro twico l>ofore-j him, a worthy scion, no doubt, of tho aus, per. coll- aud defunct firm of Ilaro, Bishop, and: "Williams., who killod tho Italian boy by Btiok- , ing plaster on his mouth and noso, just to soil! bis white tcpth for n trifle to tho dentists of; forty yours ago.1 Wo trust that tho sham Bishop- and tho real pirate may dio in tho odor of sano- tity, and that when ho turns his face to tho wall for the last timo in that sill-inking agony which cau no. longerfaoo thought, sound, or sight, ho .may still find moro mercy than lie dealt 7 Yes, wo rbpoat tlio query, 'could ouyouo liavo "per sonated, the Commodore ?" . Thoro' must bo some reason for his nutiinoly death. There is hover smoke without firo, so they say at least. Goodenough ho was, and too good for sogrnce- loss n Into.— Courier. Peacocking a Run. — Somo frosli nomen- claturo has nriscn under tho Now South Wales land legislation, and on praotico is desoribod ns poaco6king', a run. Tho Border Poet says that " to Messrs. Ronald and MacBain is duo the honor of being tho first pastoral tonants in Rivoriun, if not in New South Wales, who havo . availed thomselvos of the ndvnntngcB contained in tho 31st, or what is popularly known ns tlio Poncpok,'H,',olnuso of tlio Amending Land Aot of Now South Wales, which enmo iuto operation on tho 12th instnnt. The olauso entitles tho pastoral tenant to ihc pre-ompiivo right of pnr- ehasc of 640 aoros— iu ovory run contnluing 3200 acres — by virtno of improvements intendod to be oroctcd. As tho square milo oan be taken up in forty-aore nllotmcuts, every fivo squaro miles may havo, nt the option of tho squatter, sixteen 'eyes,' and tho holder of nn area of 20, 000 noros onn havo 'eyes' sprend ovor the run liko a pcncook's tail, to thcintenso morliiiontion of tho cockntoos. Tlio gentlemen referred to piokod six 'eyes' in their run on Thursday last, at tho Wngga Wngga Land Office. Beforo tlireo mouths arc ovor tho ocoupntion of tho land sharks will bo gone, and for ever. "Penoooking will henceforth be a favoritoaml lucrutivo pas . irae." TnE Annexation op New Guinea.— Lord , Carnarvon's administration of aolonial affairs .will probably, says tho Dundee Advertiser, bo distinguished by the largest accession to our Colonial Empiro that has -oocurred in reoont years. He has already added tho Fiji Islands to tho British Crown, and it is prolinblo that be fore he quits oflico Now Guinoa will form part of tho Bi itish Kmpiro. The focling in favour of its annexation is vory strong in tlio Australian colonies ; aud with a Colonial Socrotary whoso opinions are docidedly in favour of aggrandise ment, tho annexation will undoubtedly take place.. But in those days the good old rule of simnly taking possesion of territory iulmbitcd by savagos oannot bo aotod on. Thoro miist bo prolimiunry inquiries, tho "footings" of tho natives mast bo aonsuHod ; but this philnn- trophio prologue to tho act of annexation, though it somewhat delays, ncvor intorforcs with tho ultimate result. The Spelling Bee. — Tlioso who tliought that tfcc " Spoiling Boo " was not adaptod to tho climato of Victoria havo soon discovered their mistnko. ThiB latost importation from Amorica is olrondy ncolinratiscd, and in ono short fortnight is fouud to bo - in tlio livoliost stato imaginablo iu public halls and privato parlours. Tho firet exhibition of " boos ' in Molbourno wns altogether too much of a suocoss, for tho orthograghio oroaturos'rnshcd- tlio plntform in liundrods, and. tho only method by which the swarm oould bo got rid of was by onnfining tho spoiling to fomnlo boes, of whopi thoro wcro 89, and tho half dozon who provod the host of tho balch carried away soino valuablo prizes. Sinoo (lien it has bcim found nocossary to provide oliecks against too overwhelming a visitation of the mnle boo by requiring tliom to pay an ctltrniico too a day beforo tlio timo for spoiling, nnd tlio lists liavo filled without tho slightest dilficulty. Tho fomnlo bees aro mostly school tonohors about Molbourno, but in tlio provinces a vory mis cellaneous collection has boon brought togcthor. Some moro children have boon vory succossful nt somo of tho exhibitions, and no oliildron'a pnrty is tliought of without a spelling bee n- pnrt of tlio evening's amuscmout. — corrospon.s dent S. JII. Herald. A Grand Festival. — Tho Afrionns on tho Gold Const aro becoming thoroughly civiliBod ; tlioir consumption of rum is roally chocring. I rend in a reoont publication that they linvo a vory poouliar way of assuaging tlioir griof by imbibing plonty of rum, whioh to thom is, no doubt, the panncon ngainBt all ill. Wlionovcra member of the family dies, a great rum drinking takes plnco, wliieh lusts wliilo ' money Or credit is nvailahlo.. Tho grnndmothcri of a wealthy family in AnnnBuba died recently tlioro, and the griof of tlio rolativos was so great, although tho lndy had lived to a patriarclinl ngo, that two punalioonB of rum, costing £-13, wcro necessary to drown thoir excessive sorrow. During tlio imbibing of this quantity nourly ovoryono ro- ceivcd u broken head, nnd Icnivos flourished, wliilo blood flew ns freely ns rum. Two or thrco persons followed tho grandmotlior owing to tho prbvdlonco of tlio knivck, ! and tills ren dered u fresh supply of rum necessary. Tho writor then loft tho liappy pooplo slcopiog .off tho offcots 'of tho two puncheons iii order to gird up thoir -loins for an attack or two moro that had boon ordorcd. Tho funniest part of tho programino is that af tor tho fouating is over if tlio .family hns run into debt to procure rum, one or two of tliom havo to go into' "pawn," and nro sold as slnves for a cortain poriod until tlioy can pay off tlioir sooro. Our publicans might tnko a wriuklo from these pcopio. — Mel bourne Herald. . . | . ... The Oldest Colonist.— Tho Border Post states that it lias " mndo tho acquaintonoo of tho oldest inhabitant in tho Federal City, if not pi tho Australasian uuluules, Mtc-liaol "Mullett, who rosides in David-strpot, Albury, is now ontcring upon tho 108th yoar of iiis ago. Ho was born iu Bnllinrebo, county Mayo, Ireland, in'1767, nnd reaohod (Sydney in 1828 — during tho governorship of Sir Ralph Darling. lie is. therefore, 47 yours in tho colony, 25 years of which ho lias resided Jnt Albury. During his remarkably long lifo four sovrcigns of tho houso of Hanover successively ocoupiod the throne of England. Now South Wules was founded when ho wns 21 yours of ago, under Governor Phillip ; ho has lircd tho days of tho vice-royalty of 24 othor Governors, of that colony, but in tho courso of linturo it is highly problematical whotlior ho will aarvivo to soo tlio governorship of Sir Ilcreulcs brought to a closo in Now South Wales, ns ho is in n most enfeebled stato. During the pnst 18 months ho lias boon confined to liis bod, nud although in tlio full onjoymont of his mental faculties, it is with difficulty ho can bo understood in conso- qucnco of tho loss of his teeth." A Dramatic -Veteran. — Another of tho dra matic veterans of Australia Jims " shuffled off this mortal coil." First Rogers, tlion Ldmbort, nnd now poor old John Dunn, or, as his oronios loved to onll him, " tlibt rascnl Jaok,". has joinod tho majores. Ho was a follow of inflnito jest, and possossed moro natural liumor than any low cpmcdiun that hns strutted his fitful hour- upon tho Victorian stngo. Moro, ho was a man of cultivated intellect, nnd as much bo- loved in liis domestic circlo ns ho was popular among tho outside publio. Ho lilted to give his own version of author's meanings, but then, -genius invariubly lias its idiosyncrnoies. John Dimn carried his hutnor into private life, and was ns good at keeping tho green-room in roars of lutiglitor as iu affording infinite iiniuso- moot to oircles of liis non-professional friends. Ho was especially good ut repartee, aiid was: iiovor at a loss for a joke. I roinomber accom panying' John on one. occasion to the old' Hay-; inarkot Theatre, when Fislior, tho Nunawnding I roplict, wus propounding his peouliur views. .Tho crowd wus so groat that wo could scarcely .got insido tliu building. " What's going on tlierpf" uskediDunn of. a bystundor. "Oh, a! follow called Fisher is tolling them thiit lie is: John the Baptist," was tlio rosporiso. ' "Ah," rejoined Dunn, rofleotivriy, '' it takes moro; than an 'amateur .to play. ft; loading part liko' thntproporly.'.'— " Attious," in tho. Leader. A Git08T Stort.— The Tuniut correspondent, of tixo Qimdatjai Timet is nocountablo for thb: following : — " During tho past week one oliiof topio of conversation; among /local gossips -hns; boon tho vagaries of tho Windowio ghost.. Wore wo to ussort our disbcliof in tho oxistonoo; of ghosts in genorai. and in this ono in pnrti-, cular, wo should probably in'our tho displca-i so ro' of somo reader with spirituulistio procli vities, ho vvo for tlio , prosont refrain,' from ox- pressing an opinion upon tho subject, nnd morely relate tho facts wTiioh havo far so como under our notice, leaving tho publio to draw tlioir own conclusions. Wo do not givo oro- denco to, all tlie lhnrvollous stories ouri-entabput this local apparition ; but it is beyond disputo that any' number of residents hnve seen some thing uiysterious, and wo havo been at somo puinu to. glean tlio following details. . Ono evening last week a very old residout at Win dowio observed n fomnlo in white on tho flat near liis dwelling, nnd remarked 'Mrs. R islato putting up her ducks ' — Mrs. R. bring anoigh? hour of liis, 'and tho only femalo, hosides thoso of his own family, likely to bo thoro at that timo of night ; hut on subsequent enquiry nt Mrs. R.'s placo it was found tlmt slio hud not loft tho li juso till that ovoning. This inoidont occasioned but littlo comment until tlie follow ing ocourred Late on tho night of Thursday, tlio 12th instant, tho road party nt work on tho Windowio contract had retired to thoir hut, and - ono of -their numbor was in tho not of bathing his foot, when liis attention was nttraoted by a alight noiso outsido. Ho called to C., one of his mates, to run out to tho dray und seo if somo ono was not stenliug tlio harness. 0. went outsido, but quickly returned, pallid of uspeot, and with beads of swoat upon his brow, saying, ' It's a ghost ! Tho third occupant of tho hut, having no desire to interviow tlio nocturnal visitor, drew tho blunket ovor his lioad and remained wliero ho wus ; but A., who has pluok enough to faeo a legion of hobgoblins, l-nslicd outsido and beheld, sure enough, standing noar tho druy, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with cxtonded arms druped in whito. ' Ah,' exclaimed B., ' I guess yuu want one of my horBO-cullnrs ; j ust wait a second nncl I'll give you a striking proof of my liberality.' So saying, A. sang out to his ranto to hand him a loug-lumdlcd hammer, and armed with this weapon rushed upon the enemy, but tlio blow fell harmless, for tho glioHtly visitor vanished at ouce. Owing to tho daikncss of tho night and tho ground around covored with thistles, .A., who was barofootcd, considered pursuit of tho ghost unadvisnble, olso wo might liavo heard tho lustof this Widowio woman iu white. Sinoo writing tho ubovo, wo liavo hoard thut another of tuo ghostly fraternity has boon play, ing high pranks in another part of our district. In ono instance, wo understand, a murriugo liud been arrungoilnd every tiling wout smoothly ti II the ovo beforo tho wedding, when a gliost .ap peared upon tho sceno, and wo aupposo from what followod, forbade tho banns, as the brido cleot, in consequonco of revelations mudo to her by tho Hupernutuarl viuitor, litis dotorminod to forego matrimony for tho present." 