THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. Their History, Religious Princiflks, and I » Practices. On Thursday evening last, Mr. Joseph T. Dymond, from England, delivered a lecture on the above subject, at the Mechanic's Institute Hall. The room was well filled with a respectable and attentive audience.: The lecturer began by stating that he, with two companions, have been sent by the yearly meeting of the society in London, as a deputation to the various branches of their religious community in Australia. That being in Hobart Town, it seemed to be part of their duty to give a sketch of the history, religious principles, and practice of the society, more especially for the young members of their own communion, and to this it had been suggested that the public should be invited. The Society of Friends took its rise in the middle of the 17th century, a period of great agitation in the political and also in the religious world, for in those days politics and religion were inextricably mingled together. It was a period of great religious excitement; the National Church had been greatly reformed, but yet many were still discontented with it. In the battle of words and doctrines people forgot that the main thing was to lead a pure, holy, and godly life, so that while there was a very strict form of godliness, there was but little of the spirit thereof. But there were many in hidden and retired places who were earnestly praying for a better spirit, and the answer came as it always does to Buch prayers, in a great awakening. George Fox, who is considered the founder of the society, was but one among many who had begun membrane a more spiritual view of religion, and by the year 1850 there was a considerable number of people who met together and came to be known by the name of Friends. They had no idea of founding a distinct sent, their only desire was for a purer spirit of' Christianity, which they believed would come It" prevail even in their own day. They did not confine their labours to England, but travelled through Europe, to America and to the West Indies ; indeed, there were few parts of the world to which these ministers of a purer faith did not extend their labours.' I They met with severe persooittioi from priests and magistrates, and suffered imprisonment, and even death, for what they felt was the truth, In the reign of Charles the Second as many as 1500 were in prison at one time, principally on account of their refusal to take oaths, and their resistance to all ecclesiastical demands. At the present day the Society in England numbers about 14,000 members ; there are about 3,000 in Ireland, and in the United States as many as 70,000 or 80,000. In Australia the numbers in proportion to the population are about the same as in England. The first who laboured in Australia were James Backhouse and George Washington Walker, who in 1834, some 40 years ago, in the memory of some then present, hold their first public meeting in that hall. Though small numerically, the Society had exerted a greater influence than almost any religious body in favour of liberty of conscience, not merely content with announcing their principles, but in practice ready to seal their testimony with sacrifice of liberty, and even of their lives. He claimed that many of our present privileges of liberty of conscience, and of freedom from ecclesiastical domination, were due to their patient sufferings. (Applause). [Mr. Dymond begged those present to be kind enough not to express their approval or disapproval of what he might say.] The Friends never had a written creed, but their beliefs had from time to time been expressed in documents issued by their annual meeting, and extracts from those had been put together in a book called Doctrine, Principles, and Practice, which was approved by the Society. They believed in God, infinite and omnipotent, whom no man hath seen or can see, and in Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who was born of the Virgin Mary and bore our sins, and that solely through the efficacy of his blood we have hope of eternal life. | That he is our only high priest, the priestly office being utterly abolished, and all that is ceremonial being ended. Therefore we need no advocate, no shepherd, no Bishop, but the Lord Jesus Christ. They believed in the Holy Spirit, and that it s sauce is to plead with all mankind, to convince of Bin, to testify of Christ, and to dwell in the hearts of believers. While they believed in the entirely spiritual character of the gospel, he disclaimed all connection with Spiritualism, which he characterised as a melancholy delusion. They believed that the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are one, though they never used the word "Trinity," which they did not find in the Bible. They believed that Holy Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and having such authority, is the rule of doctrine. Whatever is done contrary to its teaching, although under the pretence of the teaching of the Holy Spirit, they consider a niiscbiovoua delusion. The lecturer then referred to the doctrine of the inward light, a term much used by the early writers of the Society. and remarked that readers of these books should remember thecircumstanceBunderwhich they were written. and that they were controversial works written with a special object. By the inward light they meant the operation of the Holy Spirit on the heart. They never acknowledged any life or light inherent in man, but held that there was no spiritual light obtainable, save that conferred by the Holy Ghost. So far, those present would see little that was not in agreement with other Christians, and he thought that if Christians would dwell more on points of i agreement, and less on those of difference, they would much more advance their Master's work. One truth the Society of Friends had always striven to maintain in their intercourse with other Christians, was that they had one Mastered that they were all brethren. And now as to points of difference. George Fox, who was considered their founder, was but one of many who had arisen at that time. He had suffered great distress of mind, and travelled about England Seeking help from priests and others receiving from them various sorts of advice as a remedy for his trouble, from smoking tobacco to singing psalms. At last a voice came to him in the secret of his heart There is one who can speak to thy condition, the Lord Jesus Christ." And he learnt that all knowledge of God came direct from God himself. This was the first principle of their belief. Their mode of worship was to gather with no appointed minister, but to meet, as it were, one common platform, and to sit down together in silence to wait on the Lord. When the feeling arose in any one's mind, it found utterance in vocal prayer, and so of the preaching of the word ; but the basis was silence He found no directions for worship in the New Testament, but the principle was laid down to worship God in spirit and in truth; not saying what is not felt, not listening to eloquent discourses, nor singing ! words which find no corresponding feeling in the heart. But in the silent meeting together, there arises intercession, confessing of faults, the welling up of praise in the heart and from the line, and there is the the true spiritual worship, in which all the congregation join, though most may keep silence. They recognise strongly individual responsibility and individual access to Christ. They do not indicate Ministers, and learning, though 'highly prized, is not considered necessary, if poisons have that definite call which confers upon them spiritual gifts. They consider that women should not be excluded from the Ministry, for it is said that in the latter days your sons and your daughters I shall prophesy. So in every congregation here are found persons, some educated, some with little education who can speak to the different classes of worshippers The call to the ministry is between God and the individual soul, but the gifts which are conferred are recognised by the practice of " recording ministers," who, however, have no distinctive privilege and receive no payment. And during two centuries it is certainly remarkable that at no time has there been a Want of persons willing to devote themselves even on these terms to the work of the ministry. Water baptism they have never used being in this distinct and apart from all others. We see by the Scriptures that it was undoubtedly practised in the early Christian Church John the Baptist and by the Apostles, but we find no command that it was to be a permanent ordinance. The genius of the Christian religion is altogether opposed to type, solemnly, and form ; it is a deeply spiritual religion. The tendency, of the human mind is to rest in form, but we find that the substance, the substantial thing, is to be obtained without water baptism. John said he baptized with water but that He who came after should baptize with the Holy Ghost. We believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost conferred upon us when we become members of Christ, and we feel it, our duty to die use the outward form and symbol, as a testimony to the solo money of this spiritual baptism. In the matter of the Lord's Supper we also differ from other Christians. We believe that each soul must partake of the flesh and blood of Christ. We know that He is the Spirit and life, and that he who comes to Him shall never hunger. In considering the words of our Lord, " Do this in remembrance of me," it must be borne in mind that Christ was a Jew and fulfilled all the Jewish law. He took the passover like all the others, imparting at the same, time a higher meaning to the Test ish form, not imposing it for over on his followers. I only mention the opinion I and others have come to, not saying what you shall do, but for ourselves seeing with gladness that true spiritual communion is to be enjoyed without the interven- tion of forms, types, and shadows. Again, we believe, if we are members of Christ, the precepts of our Lord are binding upon us and foremost amongst these is our testimony against war. The Sermon on the Mount says, "Love your enemies." It is not possible beloved man and at the same time run a bayonet through him, to pray for him and in the same moment shoot him. In respect to oaths, the society has had great influence in winning liberty of, conscience. Christ says, "Swoarnotnt all;" we believe he meant it. Man says, swear judicial oaths. We think we should obey God rather than man. ScoreS have suffered loss of liberty and fortune for this, which some may call a minor matter. We do not think there are any commands which can be called minor. To large numbers of people Quakerism is only associated with a peculiar dress and style of language ; what are called " Quaker peculiarities." But the Society has never had any principle or testimony in favour of peculiarity. Our fathers thought it their duty to protest in the name of Christian simplicity against the titles of flattery and the absurd fashions of 200 years ago. No doubt this protest in course of time degenerated in many cases into mere peculiarity of dress and speech. Rome think it right still to maintain a distinctive dress and speech, but in this respect many of us, indeed the majority, have found it best to go back to first principles and in wearing an ordinary, simple undistinutivo dress we believe we are upholding the rule of Christian simplicity which our fathers maintained in the face of much suffering. Once more subject remains to be touched upon, our uniform and steadfast resistance to priestly domination. In these free colonies you know little of what has to be suffered' from the domination of a priestly caste. To see it at its worst we must go to foreign countries, but it is not unknown even now in the old country. We have always steadfastly hold by the principle that no one may dare to come between the soul and God. We look straight up to Him as' our Father, We acknowledge no " Right Rev. Father in God ; " for one is our Father whom God. We acknowledge no one as Lord over God's heritage. Christ purchased once for all the right to individual liberty, which none shall take away from us. He has made us all kings and priests to God and we acknowledge none who has a right to come between us and Him, To those here, especially the young, who belong to our own Society I would say, when we look around and see the inroads which are made on the church of Christ from one side and from another ; when we see Ritualism on the one hand and Rationalism on the other, invading the purity of the Church ; when we see the evil that Materialism is working in some quarters and Spiritualism in others, this is no day to let your banner trail in the dust. Be true to your banner. Do not be afraid to bear a plain unflinch- ing testimony to the sole authority of Christ in his church, and to the possession and partaking of Christ without the aid of forms and ceremonies. To you who do not belong to us, I would not say lee with us and do what we do. I would say search the scriptures, be' fully persuaded in your own minds. Look straight up to Him who will in reality walk the ways of the world by our side, cling to Him as your guide and your comforter, look away from forms, from ceremonies and from ordinances, and look for your victory to Christ and to Him alone. ,_ ' ' ' , , Tjip only men who have r right, to talk of their extraction. Dentists, ' ' 