General News. Tlie English w.11 steamer, Nymph, sailed on Saturday for Sydney. t Splendid news has been received relative to the reefs at Cookiown, Qeensland . The early potatoes 111 the Meadows district have been destroyed by severe frosts. Messrs. .Moody and Sankey have announced their intention to visit Australia. A French soldier has been condemed to death for striking his corpoiul with his sword when drunk. The Adelaide Life Company lias declared a dividend and bonus equal to .<124 l' ,L:r nullum. It is being proposed to utilise the Rroughl.on Rive , Northern Areas, as a canal, for both pasenger and wheat Lrailic. There has been another earthquake shock at, Ilega. N.S.W. lc was also felt severely at Herrina. Rombala, and Mehratta. The Rev. H. Ho win has been appointed lo the incumbency of the Anglican Church at Kooringa. vacant by lhe resignation of the Rev. L. W. Stanlon. A purse of sixty-live sovereigns, and an address have been presented to the Rev. M. O'Connor, 0. C. by members of his late eongregalion at Port Adelaide. The Good 'Templars in Tasmania have formed a " Permanent Mutual Henelit Huildiug and Investment Socioly," which is reported to be in a flourishing state. Another aristocrat has joined the Roman Church. He is a connection of Ihe House of Ruccleueh. 'This is the fourth perverL from high placs within Lhe year. Nine- nuns of Lorette, have arrived in Hallaiat from Dublin, their mission being to establish young laJieu' seuiinariea iu connection with the Roman Catholic Church. The Adelaide Corporation have resolved to send to England for t he complete organ lor the Town Hall, instead of ordering only a portion of the instrument as was originally intended. The erection of Lhe telegraph iine from PerLh to Eucla is proceeding satisfactorily. The contractors are now fairly at work, and have reached about a hundred miles from King Georges Sound. The ship Isabella, from Newcastle to Hongkong, has been wrecked 011 the Ralhna reefs. A purlion of the crew were picked up ill an open boat. Subsequent advicei state that all hands were saved. Two lads, named Richard Fletcher and Robert Newhouse, have been arrested at Geelong 011 suspicion of having broken into the Wesleyan Church at Newtown, and stolen ilieie from the communion plate valued at air, One of Dr. Kenealy's constituents, a miner when asked lateiy if he had voted for Dr. Kt mealy, replied dolefully, "Yes, sir ; but 1 misdoubt, somehow, lhat I did right. Meat has gone up a halfpenny a pound since we elected him. 1 ' Mr. Jennings, Lhe undertaker, of Queensslj'eei, Melbourne, is one of the claimants for the great Jennings' estate in England of £7,0(J'LOOO. and is sai 1 Lo have proved his descent. The claimants intend to combine amicably and h.ive the estate put into chancery. AL lhe Helfast Assi/e Court 011 July 12, Alexander Wilson, a lad employed at the Teratig post-oHiee, was e l arged with abstracting £1 from a letter. He pleaded guilty, and received a sentence of three years' imprisonment. There has been an exciting debate in Lhe New South Wales Assembly upon Lhe subject of lhe alleged corruption of Lha Minister of Lands. The principal witness in the mailer has declined to give evidence, unless it was considered privileged. The charge is believed to be unfounded. The Duchess of Ediuhurgh is wonderfully accomplished and versatile as a linguist. At a reception ai. i he CourL of lhe Czar some time ago she addressed every foreign Minister save the Turkish and one other in his own language, sustaining the burden of the conversation for over an hour and a half. Advices from Valparaiso state that riots have taken place at Santiago, in Chili, in consequence of a dispute respecting some proceedings at a christening. A young mail had a struggle wilh a priesl, and a mob attacked the barracks in which he had laken .efuge. He was ultimately rescued by the po'-'ci. Jt is si'id a club has been formed by some rich youi!i_ men in Vienna, called the "Matrimonial Society." in which all the members pledge themselves to marry girls who are without fortune. If one happens to fall in love with a lady who has money, he is obliged 10 pay three hundred pounds to the society for liberty Lo marry.her. The following is an extract from a letter written from Singapore, March 21st,, 1875, by a married lady, to her parents in Penzance :—" We dined the other evening at Mr. W—'a, with Mr. Orton, a brother to the Claimant. He is so like ; him the same heavy- looking head. If 1 had believed in him unlil then, 1 should have done so no longer. They are almost exactly alike, but Lhis one is no', stout.. He would have come to the trial, but they would not give him sufficient, money to make it, pay him to come. He is eaplain of a vessel." During a spiritualistic, seance recently held in Paris tlie spirit of Cartouche, the celebrated their, was evoked, and manifested its presence by rapping,s, &<!., all light being religiously excluded. When the gas was re-lit. most of the company found that they had been relieved of their watches or purses, the. medium's assistant having made a per, pi isilioii while all were intent 011 lisening t.o Lhe ghost. The medium himau self, who is said to IK Aiiicric.iu, has been arrested. The minister's man at Linlhrathen selcoiiiplimeiitary dom indulged in the vein, Oil one occasion, how, •ver. he handsomely acknowledged a compliment by returning another. The minister had got married, and was presented with a carriage, for which John was appointed to provide a horse. Driving out wiili his wile, the minister said tr, John whe.11 starting, " You've got us a capital horse." " Weel sir." said John. "• it. s just, about as dilficult Lo choose a LMide minister's wife, and we've been gey an' lucky wi' baith." At Cedar Keys, Florida, a real pirate has appeared—an aged Spaniard, who calls hi-nf,:lf Rios de Ralfo. He once assisted in the burial of a large amount of treasure at Cedar Keys, which he has returned lo unearth, and has actually succeeded in discovering an iron box. containing many precious stones and old Spanish coins of ail estimated value of $10,000. The men employed at the Low SLubbin Colliery, near Rolhcrliam, belonging to Earl Filzwilliam, are out on strike. The men refuse lo goto work unless some advance is made in their wages on sccount, of their being unable Lo " get" as much coal by the dim light of a safety lamp as with LhaL of a candle. AL the half-yearly meeting of the East- End Market Company, held iu Adelaide last week, it was slated Llial after paying all expenses, including preliminary costs incidental to t,h(?.formation of the Company, there was a profit of £!•(!:» Us. lid. upon the five month's operations. A dividend was declared at the rate of 10s. per share per annum for three months ended June last. 