1 - . ? I SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS (From the Examiner.) S , THE Rev. Dr. Maurice Davies, in the string of papers on Spiritualism, which he calls " Mystic London," tells an, amusing story about a certain young Medium, whom he calls Miss S.," whose" attendant spirits are known Jin " psychological " i circles as a Florence Maple " and Peters" and who has, it appears, been- taken in hand buyers serjrJaiit learned in the law." It seems that one evening Miss tí. consented, to give clearance for the exhibition of spirit faces at the Serjeant's country-house. She Was put into a little cabinet with a chair in it, and a Hole in the top of the door, and in a few minutes, of pOise, a spirit face was looking through the hole. A seep tical lady who was present made, a rush at the cabinet and opened the door, and, as might have been expected, discovered Miss: S.' standing on the . chair and making / faces .. through the hole. "The learned Serjeant," says Dr. Davies' " still clings to the belief that Miss S. was in a can'-" dition of ' unconscious, somnambulism.' " with the, example of the learned Serjeant whose identity Bray Davies makes no pretence to conceal before our wes it becomes, possible to understand the astounding depths of human folly that are opened to us by the affair columns. It seems that some few years ago one All at KnTelcc, a sort of grand lama of the Spiritualists' started at Paris the Jlemte Spirits, described as a » " Journal alludes psyclujjoyiijiies.'' Kardec dying, (the journal was continued by a certain bankrupt tailor called Ley marie, who claims to be Kardec's successor in the high-priest ship of psychology." Leynijirie had a friend called Ihiguet, an unsuccessful photographed in the Rue Montmartre and before long the year mystic began to announce that Bujruet was a medium, one could for a fee of twenty Irnncspiotofjruph the " materialistic! spirit forms j' of the dead. The mode of procedure seems to have been tMj\ easy. In a room adjoining his studio Buauct kept a big doll with a larger stock of cardboard heads which did duty for the spirit. A few adroit questions soon told him which head to select, and if by any characters made a mistake, it was only necessary in explain that evil spirits had obtruded themselves, and to suggest that a second sitting might perhaps be more Micccsrifiil. The game had been carried on for Sorrie time when the Parisian police suddenly appeared on the scene armed with a warrant for the safety of himself and layman's, together with a 'j : "i l i. s i s, t,". I ( . ;v«V^eiè^4?lle3\\.iim^Sïc|mntffi|rMt^ V? '-swin'dîerB:' Greymare and Firman pifltesteutheirjniio-^ cer ce. Highet, wit?¡a"irr|iñlM}'ea"s^hieui,ddeghigi inebriates credit, at once confessed the whole fraud, showed the police the doll with its pasteboard' head's;. land after explairiinb/thf; entire process owned withthe greatest candour that his claims to mediumship were an Jury posture, and that he had never taken A genuine spirit photograph in his life, The Correctional Tribunal; in spite of Buguct's'laudable anxiety to make a clean; breast of the matter, has sentenced him to a years imprisonment and a fine of 500 francs. X'eymarie shares his fate, and Firman gets off with six months and a fine of 300 francs. The most' extraordinary feature, however, in the trial is the pertinacity with which Buguct'b dupes, in spite of his Cynical mowat in open Court of his own froud, persist, in declaring their belief in the genuineness of the spirit photographs with which he furnished them, One of them, a certain Comte de Bullet, who paid Buguct no less than 250ft francs for the photograph of his deceased sister,' after being shown in Court the very head which had done duty on the occcasion, answered gravely, " J'ai been TO one vote, main' question quo ippia j prove j Cela ne fait rien r il.cst'mediiim." Other people, the Count thinks, may possibly have been taken in once or twice; he admits, indeed; that the doll and this cardboard heads were probably is'" not there for nothing," But in his own case he is certain that the photograph was genuine. " Moi, jar cheque) Tespiit do ma said; a man apparu. Quant a may, be sure convince." Another gentleman, M. de Vehej sins even more emphatic, and expressed, him self shocked 'at, the, frivolous manner, in , which the Court treated, such serious J questions! " M. le president, said he, in a tone of grave rebuke, " TOUS negroes > pas aux esprits; more, joy iron prince que o'er me And. si be seen avails pas vi, j s me scraps mosque. Mais avant de sugar on several) essayed de void." r "We have given the answers of these two gentlemen to them certain, because thought the Stock replies which Spiritualists always make when taxed with any' gross and undeniable case of? imposture. This particular medium, you put gravely told, may no doubt on a particular occasion have made races through a hole and have said it wise to materialised spirit form, but (that is no proof that spirit faces do not, sometimes show themselves Or else you are assured that it is presumptuous on your part to pass judgment on a thing into which you have not looked, and that it veil were to inquire into Spiritualism'patiently and without prejudice' for, let us say, a year or so, you would end by confessing that there is more in it than you suppose: "Avant de sugar on several essayed de voile with people of this" kind it of really as impossible to deal seriously as with Mr Whalley. Mr. Whalley has, we believe, publicly de la ed that if the Tichborne Claimant were to start on his oath that he is Arthur Orton, he would not. believe him. Whether he would put it down to. " unconscious celebration" on, the fat convict's, part we cannot pretend to say; but if he did he would" hardly be more ridiculous than Dr. Davies', learned Serjeant, with his hypothesis of, unconscious som mechanism" to account for Miss S.'s palpable fraud! It is idle of course to reason with such people as thin or to expect them to grasp so. elementary, a canon of evidence as that which tell' us that when we find a good deal while . we know to be false mixed up with j a good idea which may be true, but which is probably false and certainly unsupported our only course is to rejoin the whole. Indeed, when a man tells york that by muse M. Buguct used his doll on Monday it does not follow that his Tuesday's photographs were not that, of genuine spirits, he can only be considered as an argument altogether. " There are certain delusions, such as the belief 3-. the possibility of squaring the circle, or of discovering the secret of perpetual motion, or of demons strating that the surface of the earth is a plane, when!, it is possible to regard with toleration. Mr. Ham!) den is, no doubt, sane enough on all ordinary matters, and is probably, in" his own way, and apart from his conviction that those who hold in the sphericity of the earth must be either fools or knaves, a very casting. able and even amiable person. Spiritualism, however, like most forms of th'aumaturgy and may see mongering, hub a great deal about it that is to see the least, very questionable. Apart altogether in the ugly stories which occasionally float about o credulous old women who have been "swindled out a large sums of money, it is quite certain that paid fessional mediums, whether male or, female, are, and rule, a more or less disreputable kind of people. I. the present case we find that Buguct is a book n down photographer, who", being unable to make an honest living by his art, took to spirit photograph at T.eymarie's suggestion; ' Ilcyniurie' himself, the editor of the barque Spirit?, president of the Parisian. "Pathological Institute." is a bankrupt tailor. It was claimed for him by Master Laehaud, his advocate, that he had acted in good faith through the which afton, and that he had no interest in Buguet's frauds Buguct, however, declares that Ley marie was never such a fool " as to believe in the photograph dodge," and the Court, if we may judge by its sentence, ap pairs, in spite of Maitre iLachaud's eloquence, ! to have inclined to the same opinion. Firman the that, in the trio, seems to have been a very second-rate kind of knave indeed, whose task. it was to sweep out the studio and occasionally, upon emergency, to refer e, sonate' a spirit,. He, too, was a medium as a matter! course, and had the gift of " incorporeal "44 something the exact explanation of which we be quite content to leave to Mr. Serjeant Cox. Associated with these three rascals is a certain Madame' Stourbe, medium guqrisseur dans,l'immatériel et marchand de tabac au naturel." Such is the little ring which the Parisian police has scattered, and the description given of its members is, to say the least" ' suggestive of the kind of company with which jan I amateur, of Spiritualism is likely to find himself brought into contact. The case would hardly be ' is worthy of notice were it not that London has hit Buguets and Leymaries as well as Paris, and that spirit photography has become amongst us as recog raised a form of mediumship as any other. It' is city. sequently worth while to point out with regard to it that the position of the medium cannot be i explained away by reference to " psychic, force" or .'.'/-unconscious celebration, of any other such imaginary entities. Somehow or other, the ( figure of an apparent ghost finds its, w way on to the plate. Either the ghost is a veritable cheat, or else the photographer is a rogue. The facts are capable of no other possible explanation, and! it most not be, forgotten that those who accept the ghostly hypothesis require us also to believe that the spirits of the, dead regain their, earthly appearance, that they wear clothes, and that both they and their clothes are sufficiently material to reflect the rays of ordinary light. When we think of the idly which these assumptions involve, and. the kind of roguery it-is which trades upon it, we cannot but ask ourselves whether the law which locks up old women for telling their fortunes servant girls and leaves their mistresses to be preyed enjoy with impunity by professional mediums', is not somewhat unequal in "its operation. The indictment accused Buguet-of sexploitation de la credulity publique," and that such a charge should be main- tainable- shows how much better they manage these things. in France, [i A; man wM makes ft lovingly pretending to miraculous powers which he knows a very well he does not possess, ought to be, in all cakes punishable as a common rogue and vagabond.' ' J 