CHAPTEB XVI.-THE LAST STBA"W. Man is seldom so miserable but that he may be ? more ao. The cup of sorrow so many of us have ! to drain is mercifully but rarely filled to the brim. Kot to many of us is added the last drop of gall, the supreme bitterness of the bitter draught; or how could we bear our liveu ? Yet to some it happens that, writhing still under the agony of their grief, and confident that nothing in the dreary future can add to it one pang, another hour, another day, brings with it that which inten sifies their pain a thousandfold, and of their woe . makes torture most exquisite. Sir Janies Tregarvan has suffered much. To love his country and his profession, and, in penalty of his training, to become a wanderer on the face : of the earth ; to be brought up in luxury, and to depend on the day's labour for the day's bread ; to cherish a pretty, helpless orphaa till she becomes ' part oE his life, and to be compelled by the strong voice of duty to deny himself heritage that he may separate her from him, and send her to find her happiness among strangers ; to meet her again, to have her to himself a few snort week«, to love her with all the passion of a heart that has never loved böfore, and then, when first he understands of what :,price is the pearl he is losing, to give, her in mar , riage to another. Is not this Buffering p "When he confessed to himself his love for her, and resolved she should never know of suGh mad ness, he suffered; when, because his love was stronger than he, he left her on her sick-bed, and remained away to conquer himself, and perhaps to efface his words from her memory if so be she had heard them, he suffered; when he came back and seemed cold to deceive his darling, he suffered ; and when he gave Dane his consent, when he per suaded Minnie he loved her but as a guardián should his ward, when she accepted the man he gave her to husband, when the thing was made known, and people shook him by the hand and congratulated* him ; when Minnie began to try to show her affianced allegiance and affection ; when finally, after mauy delays, they all left for Eng land, and the parting was over, and he alone till he should teefth m against the wedding. O God, how he suffered 1 For many days he battled fiercely against his despair. He said to himself, "I bear up to the end; I will nerve myself for this last sharp trial. She will be happier if I am there to give her away on the bridal morning ; and when she is separated from me forever I shall be calmer, I shall struggle nojlonger with my vain and mad hopos; I shall leave all that reminds me of her, and live down my misery as best I can. Who knows ?" with a mel ancholy smile, " perhaps they'll make mn a pasha over there 1" And so, when he had thus made up his mind, he accepted the offer which had been made him, though one of his old pupils, of an ap pointment in the khedive's service. It ia in time of trouble that friendship best proves itself. Camille loved "ce pauvre Djems" with no ordinary affection. There waa no phase of his friend's nature which the bond between them did not reader him keen to perceive and appre ciate. It was not long, therefore, before he first suspected, and then understood to tho full, the depth of his passion for the beautiful girl whom he had betrothed to Reginald Dane ; and, under standing the might of that passion, he did not marvel at the greatness of the sacrifice. For ho ji?0>Jons aK°> had loved, and, having diECOvered that his fiuuceo had accepted him under con straint, though fain to marry another whoso only fault was his poverty, he had given her, with her freedom, the dowry which has reduced his incoun to its present modest limits. So, with a hean full of sympathy and compassion, he did what he could to comfort poor Jim in his hour of need. Moreover, he gave his unqualified approval to Jim s project, and vowed it would bo the making ot him, cheering him not a little thereby. Then, ono fine morning, ho came up to his friend's lonely chamber, and informed him, with a broad grin ol oenght.that he had realized his property, sold hii varicms goods and chattels, and decided, if*Jim jyomd Huow. bim to be of the t to make " little voyoge of pleasure up tho Nile. No representations, no arguments, could shake his resolve: he swore stoutly that if the captajn would not have him, he would go alone, and haunt him like a corpulent little ghost. At last Jim gave way. Shortly afterward, when the Salle d'Armes, its good-will, connection, appurtenances, and so forth, had been satisfactorily disposed of to the identical Monsieur Bergeret, ot Paris, who performed at a certain mf»mor¿ble "assault," the two comrades left, perhaps forever, the bright old town that had known them so long. For one hour, just before their departure, Jim was unaccountably missing; and if Camille could ! have looked through the locked door of an unoccu : pied room at the top of No. 15 (it once was Min nie's), he might haue seen that which it is bad to see-the tearless) throes of a strong man's grief; but, when the hour was passed, Captain I'regarv&n; rejoined him, his face impassable as before, and in a few minutes they had steamed out ef the harbour, and were on their way over the laughing waves to England. There, being utterly hopeless, spending his days in making preparation for exile, his sleepless nights in steeling his heart for the ordeal that awaits it, Jim has lived through some ten days, and, perchance, has found a grain of comfort in the thought that his misery is at its full, that no possible event can add to his despair. And now O mockery of Fate!-he is a baronet, and im mensely wealthy. A few weeks ago, and this news would have made him happy for life; to-night he paces his room, with fever in his eyes, half demented under this new subtle agony. A few weeks ago, and he would never have been compelled to hide his love as though it were a crime, to deny himself even the friendship of one for whom he would have laid down his life rejoicing; a few weeks ago, and, instead of telling Dane "Go and prosper," he would have fought with him, loyally and merci lessly, for every smile, for every look of that fair face, till one of them had won it; a few weeks ago-ah, me ! and to-nignt ? He could b ear his burden almost patiently this morning, for he had no thought that it could havt been otherwise; but now, indeed, the venom hac entered his wound, and spreads deadly and fast He had not thought of thife; it never even sug gested itself to him in his wildest hopes to builc upon this. He had always fancied himself so los1 to his family, to his country, that the idea of hu brother dying before him childless never once aroa* in his mind. Oh, fool; not to have waited t little, granted himself a little respite, before h< slew hi» soul. Oh; fool! to have been so rash when this little imperceptible delay, these .few days more or less, meant love or despair, life o: existence, the bright happy sun or the oute: darkness. Oh, fool ! to be standing here to night, with burning hands tearing his hair, whei he might be where Dane is; when he might b listening to the sweet full tones of the one voie for him, looking for love in the depths of thos loving eyes, How can he boar it ? True, he does not believ that Minnie loves him ; he does not doubt her lov for Regy ; he does not even feel sure she ever woul have loved him; but how can he bear to thin that by his own act he has cut himself off fromh: chance, however slight, of happiness ? that he li£ lost her when he might have won her ? Jim refuses to do any business the next day, an remains in his room till the evening. Then h comes down stairs, his face strangely drawn an haggard, and goes through a long conversatio with Camille and the lawyer, in which he inforn: them of his intentions, and, notwithstanding grei opposition, manages to convince at least his moi impressionable friend that they are for the bes Firstly, he finds himself unable, under présent ci cumBtances, to be present at the wedding, and wi therefore run down at once to Holyoak Lodge 1 say " Good-by" before his departure for the Eas secondly, he will enter tho Egyptian service, as 1 had intended, and wishas to do it as soon as po sible ; thirdly, he desires the revenues of the Tr garvau estates to bo applied in the purchase of tl land, as he himself does not intend to touch thei at least for some years. Camille supplements thi by casting in bia 1 with the speaker, whatever may be in store f them, but begs him to reconsider his determin tion. ' Mr. De Murrer refuses to believe his ears, a: doesn't, [TO BE CONTINUED.] 