(Uritqal Jntdltynce. A ..successful .trip was made by the new steamer, Clarence, built for the Clarence and New England Steam Navigation Company. Twenty-FOUR locomotives are- to be built in Xff .Sydney to satisfy the artisans' determination to liave protection. Dr. Day, of Geelong, successfully treats scar- is let fever with an application of ozonic ether and //!ard.' The local council are getting his papers on the subject printed and forwarded to the s.. various boards of health and medical practitiou- 'f era. The cost of the latest session of the New Zea- « ' land Parliament was £29,200, Of this £16,500 were paid to membera, and £1050 for their tra velling expenses. It is said that during the first six months of the present year, 10,576 emigrants left Cornwall, England, foi- the Australian colonies. The Gippslcind Standard states that a woman named'Neideck, who has been deserted, by her husband, has managed to live with seven child ren for the last three months on kangaroo and wallaby, At Brompton, a man has been fined Is. for keeping a cock that crowed so loudly that a neighbour could not sleep. India, Ceylon, and the Straits, are spoken of as likely to afford a good market for sheep from Australia. Tn consequence of the alleged severity of the penal discipline at Pentridge, it has been pro posed to have an investigation, to see if the re ports of Weeclmrch and others can be sustained. At the Colac show, it cost 10s, to collect lis. taken at the gates, A small boy in the Adelaide Court, being asked what happened to liars, replied, " They get a hammering." His testimony was taken. The Neio Yorh Sun , in an editorial, says that; we enter our Centennial1 with a country nearly one-half of which is in political and social dis- tress, and all suffering from business prostration; : with a hundred millions of" repudiated or un fruitful railway.bonds ; with railroads stretching into the praries, built over the lost fortunes of the credulous, and. with prospects existing only in the visionary future ; with Jay Gould a finan cial and 'railway autocrat with Beech'er, our most renowned preacher, eagerly awaiting the verdict of a jury for vile offences, and already condemned by public opinion for cowardice and deceit. Kansas newspapers print a curious story of a recent occurrence in Holt county, in that State. It runs thus : — " A young lady, Miss Alice Car son, divided her intentions between two young men, a Mr. Kretzer, of Holt, and a Mr. Wheeler, of Atchison county; Both Kretzer and Wheeler were fatally enamoured, and asked for the hand of Miss Alice. Both were accepted, and the wedding day set for each on the same day, though neither knew of the other's standing. Wheeler engaged a Methodist minister, Mr. Callan, to tie the knot, and Kretzer procured the services of the Rev. Mr. Edmonds. Wheeler and Callan ar rived first, and the knot was tied, and Mis? Alice became Mrs. Wheeler. The cremony was hardly . well over, when Kretzer and Edmonds drove up. Imagine their astonishment when they learned that Alice was already married to Wheeler, An explanation was demanded, by Kretzer. Wheeler couldn't see the necessity of his bride .making explanations to any former lover, and put his foot down very peremptorily. Kretzer imme diately flew off the .handle, high words ensued, pistols were brandished, and there was apparently some danger of a dead bridegroom gracing the occasion, in which event we have no doubt the virgin widow would have promptly accepted the surviving iover. But no blood was. spilled, the parties separating without any specific under standing upon social affairs." Our sporting readers (says the Evening News) will learn with delight that there is at last a prospect of a match being, made at no distant date, for the extraordinary sum of £1000, be tween Frank Hewitt, the English champion, aud -Kob|rtWaJson, the champion of Australia. A challenge!' ' emanating from Hewitt appeared a few days back in the Sydney journals to the effect that he would run Watson 150, 200, and 300yards, for £500 aside ; and, as an evidence that Wat son means business, wo may state that our sport ing scribe has just received a letter to the effect that he "will run Hewitt those distance, providing that they can come to terms. In the interval, as £500 is- no small sum, a canvass will be made among Watson's friends throughontTthe district, to provide this- large stake, which is, perhaps, the greatest sum ever competed for in the annals - of pedestrianism in this country, and as the Aus tralian champion's career throughout life has been successful, we have not the slightest doubt that his admirers will find the needful for him once more if it is only to convince sceptics (and Frank Hewitt, particularly) that he is without doubt the fastest "knight of the shoes" that Australia has ever seen. Dr. J. W- Mackenna, late of Melbourne, ad dressed a letter to the London Lancet — a medical journal— on diarrhoea and dysentery in children in the summer months. The .treatment he indi cates he practised with great success for years in Australia and South America. A child of any age seized with diarrhoea in summer should be stripped of all its clothing except a napkin ; should be, kept perfectly dry on a hair mattress and sheet : should never be taken in arms ; should be bathed in ice-water after every motion; should get icerwater ; if very weak a few drops of the best brandy to drink ; : its milk should be iced or. mixed with ice- water, and on the cessa tion of .the diarrhma, which immediately ensues, the chiid is greatly comforted, and its recovery hastened by an appropriate dose of laudanum, chloric ether, and amlnonia at the usual intervals. When the attack is so sudden and so violent as to endanger life in very tender infants, ice-water injections have a good effect. The obstinate vomiting which sometimes complicates these cases entirely ceases, nor did I ever, see a child eject its food when under this treatment. In fact, the disease immediately acknowledges its antidote, and more or' less disappears, and after twenty years' experience, no harm has ever fol lowed from this treatment. The Philadelphia Times remarks : — "It has been stated in the leading papers of Europe that,' in order to arrest emigration from Germany, Prince Bismark. has been offering imperial lands for sale in small lots at low prices. This, it was hoped, would stop the tide by showing the work ing classes of Germany they could live as well there as in the United States. But the plan did not succeed ; the lands were not taken. ; Even the agricultural hands that remain at home are not disposed to till the earth when they can find more remunerative employment. A letter was lately received in New York upon this subject from a highly intelligent gentleman : in Prussia, in which the writer says that field bands just now can make more by working upon foils and railroads than in using tbe .plough and scythe, and, therefore, the sale of land is extremely dull and lapguid. Not until" alb these improvements are completed can it be seen whether the men of Germany prefer Government lots on the Bismark plan to the advantages obtained under the home stead law of the United States.. One thing is certain, that at the present, time the sale of im perial lots in Germany is not brisk." „' The sending of an invitation to Queen Victoria to attend the Centennial celebration is strongly, urged by the New York Sun.: The editor says that the corriifig hither of this "royal lady " would"- make the cords that -bind the two nations not merely an electric wife, = across which commerce sends his messages of hi lit ual interest, but a liv ing "bond, palpitating with blood fresh from the heart of the American" people. The,'. journey, across the Atlantic is hot now an affair of mo-' inent, and sure of such a greeting' as : not: even: her most loyal and attached subjects could give her, Victoria would come as the messenger of peace and impersonation 'of-Itlie dignity 'of the honoured matfon, equally respected in the two countries. " ; .f- The Melbourne correspondent of the Brisbane Courier writeB : — A few days ago appears a paragraph in an upco.untry paper that a whole colony of German immigrants were starving near Benalla. The police and the reporters pro ceed thither, and find at Cocked-hat Creek, a collection of huts containing some folks dying of scuvy, and a prophetess. Explanation being had, it was discovered that, just before the out break of the Franco-Prussian war, there had \- lived in the village of Hinau, in Silesia, a woman named Maria .Heller, who prophesied concerning that calamity. In 1874, she further said that a tremendous revolution was about to take place and that the only safe place would be Australia. Sixty four of the unhappy villagers cast in their lot with hers, clubbed their money, and made tracks for the promised land. If Miss Heller "had been" Moses she could not have brought them into Canaan by a move circuitous route. First they went to Hamburg, and thence to Lon don, whence the Somersetshire conveyed thein to Melbourne. A Silesian, one Berxidt, had some land at Benalla, and to Benalla went the party by waggon ! Their cumbrous household furniture was packed in vans, and, after unheard-of-tribu- lations they reached their destination. Among them they took up 800 acres, and, having spent what money they had left in purchasing rations soon began to starve. Poor Berndt paid £60 for the freight and charges on their. luggage, and supplied them with food as long as he could When the prophetess, however, desired lier flock not to work, Berndt declined to further in terfere, and. withdrew his protection. The po lice supplied their wants and medical attendance was ordered for the sick. The woman. Heller, is described as being hideously ugh', given to hysterical fits, and prone to polyandry, having several husbands among her desciples. She once received a message in her sleep that a young man named Messingbrod was to marry her. Messingbrod did so, and soon after she had an other vision of one. Schultz, and he at present is her chosen mate. The following statement was made by this charming woman's step- father to the Argus reporter : — " My name is Carl Schultz : I ram 56 years of age; I consider myself the step-father of Maria Heller ; she is 35 years of age ; I am her step-father, because her parents are dead ; I have known her about five years ; I knew her at Jhordanton, near Haihau, in Silesia ; she has not always had these fits ; she is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits ; I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven ; I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible ; the spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits, I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead . without giving notice - to the authorities — but what wei'e we to do ? We cannot. speak English : the notices of the first three deaths were s.ent to the police through Carl Berndt ; we also sent him the other'five notices, but lie refused to send tbem on ; Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness ; we could not send for a doctor be cause we had no money ; no doctor would come all this distance without payment ; we have not much food ; I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon ; I do not know how often Maria has these trances : she had one last night ; I dp not know whether she received any message from heaven ; we left Silesia. to come here be cause we were commanded to do so by the Al mighty." It is clear that the age of the Credulity of Man is not yet passed. A prophetess is bad enough, but an ugly one is abominable, I have known- some' very mean men in my time. There was a Hugo Himmelman, who made his wife dig potatoes to pay for the mar riage license. When he was going to be mar ried to Gretchen Kolb, he goes down to Parson Rogers, at Digb', to get a license. Parson," said he, " what's the price of a license?" "Six dollars," said the T parson. "Six dollars?" said Hugo. " That's a. dreadful sight of money ! How much do you ax for publishing in church, then?" "Nothing", said the parson. " Well," says Hugo, " that's so cheap. I can't expect you to give no change , back. But three Sundays only make a fortnight, after all— two for the covers and one for the inside, like ; and six dol lars is a great sum . of moiiey for poor men to throw away. I must wate." So. off he went jogging towards home, feeling as mean as a new sheared sheep, when all at once a bright thought came into his head, and back he went as fast as his horse could carry him. " Parson," said be, " I've been cipherin' it out in my head ; and it's cheaper than publishin' banns, after all. ; You see, sir, it's potato-diggin'- time. If I wait to be called in church, her father will have her work fornothin', and as hands are scarce and labour big, if I marry her to-night she can begin to dig our own to-morrow, and that will pay for the license, and just seven shillings over ; for there ain't a man in all Clements that can dig and carry as many bushels in a day as Gretchen can. And besides, fresh wives, like fresh ser-. vants, work like smoke at' first, but they get saucy and lazy arter a while ; so I may as well make the most of her." — American Paper. In answer to a telegram, Dr. Tibhits hastily proceeded on'Sunday last from Dubbo to Coon- arnble, where lie found a man named Fagan suffering from a broken ; and terribly .lacerated; arm. Fagah (says the Advertiser') was assisting in an operation upon, a horse, when the animal seized him by the arm, and held him so tena ciously that. he could not he .released till the horse was killed by having his throat cut. Fagari was brought to tbe Dubbo hospital, and is pro gressing satisfactorily. On the Great South Road (writes the Taranahi Herald) on the 3rd November, a child Avas mis sing from its ho'nie about mid-day. Friends. Avent out in all directiona ; some on the beach, some at the river, arid others, along the road. Constable Forster happening to be out. near the old iron sand Avorks, met. Avith the lost child, and brought it along. Being unable to ' obtain from the little one its name, and not happening . to have come across any of the searchers, the constable after a-ainly endeavouring to ascertain the child's name from residents, left it Avith a lady, Avho kindly volunteered to take charge till the constable could find the parents. The child Avas fretful, and "cried bitterly - After many vain attempts to please the little one,; an album Ava3 opened by the lady. The child's attention Avas secured, and after a few likenesses , had been, passed, the little one, putting its finger delight-: edly on one, cried out, " Grandma ! that's grandma!" In a a-ery short time after, the child Avas restored to its home. W. Edwards, champion Avalker of New Zea land, has offered to take £500 to £100 that he can, walk 110 miles under 24 hours. . . . The following additional particulars as to the murder and attempted suicide at Timaru, -New Zealand, came :to hand this morning- : A Avoman named Drake, one of the immigrants per the Merope, has' been committed to the lunatic asylum by the" R; M., and was left in charge1 of her husband in the barracks awaiting removal. At 8 o'clock last night Drake Avent out for a mo ment when- his wife locked, him out. On the door being broken open she was found to have killed her son, tAVO years old, almost severing the head from the body Avith a razor, and to have . cut her OAvii throat severely .she is in., a dying state. This 'is the second'- case of'iunacy from' the Merope. TiiE police force, _ which," since June., had- pro- ; tected Father U'Keeffe's house inIrelahd,Having been wi tb drawn, rfh e premises vvere last Aveek plundered- and' ''totally ' wrecked/ By a lawless gang of -'men wfl'o d'efied: the .authorities. The rev. Father 'is- reduced to utfer destitution. TAventy- eight'iiieh are in custody.- ;- / Two long letters .haA'e been received from Mr. Stanley from the iiiteriof of Africa ; 'after great sufferings and sanguinary conflicts with hostile : tribes he had reached the Victoria Nyanza, and thoroughly explored and_surveyed the lake Avith his steam launch. 1 ' ' ' Baron Rothschild, .the great Parisian banker, is at San Francisco, en route to Australia. Tn£ foundation-stone of an ' aquarium aud skating rink at Yarmouth, was laid by Lord Suf- field. It is estimated to cost £30,000. Mr. Thomas Jessop, steel manufacturer of Sheffield, has undertaken to defray the entire cost of an hospital forAvomen, amounting to £22, 000.- A large convent, in connection Avith an Eng lisli church at Bournemouth, has been formally opened after a high celebration in the parish church, at Avhich a St. Alban's clergyman offici ated. Another Avorkmen's town, similar to the Shaftesbury estate at Battersea, is to be built . near HarroAV Road, to accommodate 16,000 in habitants. The Royal Aquarium and Winter Garden at Westminster will be opened in December; the reservoir Avill require 70,000,000 gallons of sea Avater to be brought from Brighton. A successful experiment has been made at home in manufacturing paper from" the Austra lian prairies or sandrush ; the sample is .a'alued at £40 to £43 per ton, / The Hibernia leaves Engl an d-Sshortly Avith 1000 miles of the deep sea, portion .of the New Zealand cable. The work is explscted to be com pleted in February. " Annoyed by tbe frequent escapes' of prisoners from New Caledonia, the French Government is concerting measures with foreign Powers to pre- A'ent them in future. It is alleged that a Secret Liberation Society exists at Sydney, Through the efforts of the London City au thorities, 2000 acres of land which had been il legally enclosed have been restored to Epping Forest, making its total extent- 5000 acres. Those Avlro have built mansions will have to pay quit rents. The prospect of flooding the Desert of Sahara continues to secure public support ; the cost is stated roughly at- three millions. . On the 14th October, thirty two-year-old horses started for the Middle Park Plate, Avhich Avas Avon by Petrarch belonging to Lord Clifden, Madera and Heartebiz were four lengths behind. Time, 1.25, The Confederate commander, General John stone, is reported to have accepted the supreme command of the Egyptian army with a salary of 25,000 dollars. The Hebrews of Sydney are eclipsing Bret Harte's "heathen Chinee" in the matter of their approaching bazaar. They have persuaded the Government to grant them the use of the site next the Post Office in George- street, Avortb, so business men say, from £50 to £80 per Aveek, and they are to open their sale just a fortnight before Christmas. "When it is remembered that they Avill sell little else than fancy goods suit able for Christmas presents, and that they appeal thus to a Christian community just before the great Christian festival, it will be apprehended that they are sn st ai ni ng ivth ei r natural prestige for acuteness admirably, just iioav in Sydney. Not arery long since (relates the Dubbo Dis- 2>atch) a squatter, Avhose Avealth Avas reported to be a-ery large, Avas settling up Avith an old and faithful servant — -one Avho had been in his em ploy for years ; and iioav Avas leaving in order to, as the phrase goes, better himself. . The account w;as squared up — the employe got his cheque. The one Avas profuse in his thanks, and the other- liberal in his wishes for the prosperity of his late stockman. After saying good-bye, the latter rode, and headed in the direction where he, for the future, intended to camp. He had got about three miles aAvay, Avhen he Avas overtaken by a dusky messenger, who roared out, " Come back, the boss says he - made a mistake in your ac count." Back Avent the late stockman — for, being an honest- man, he desired neither to have or to; be had— and when he reached the sanctum, the man of flocks and hercls said, "I am sorry to have called you back, but there is a slight mistake in your account-. I see by the books that I neglected to charge you 4d. for a clay pipe you had on the 4th of last month." The stock man threw sixpence' on the table, and he has ever since held the highest possible opinion of the generosity of mankind in general. 