THE SYNOD OF THE IRISH BISHOPS AT MAYNOOTH. The Synod opened on Taesday, 31st August, at St. Patrick's College, Maynooth. The special correspondent of the Freeman's Journal gives the following description of the ceremonial at the opening :— At about half-past nine o'clock the college bell pealed out its warning tones, and soon there was a greater stir abotu the college squares and cloisters. The prelates who, in mitres of wuite or of cloth of gold, and in amice and red cope, began to stream into the chapel of St. Joseph, which had been fixed upon as the place whence the procession was to start, and there awaited the coming of the eminent and illustrious Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, to whom is confided the responsibility of presiding over the Council. At a few minutes before ten o'clock [intimation was conveyed to his Eminence that all was now in readiness, and immediately afterwards, accompanied by the ministers of the Mass, the masters of ceremonies, the croBS-beareia, and other attendants, his Eminence entered St. Joseph's Chapel, and was received with all reverence by the venerable assembly. He was then vested in cope and jewelled mitre, and some preliminary arrangements and formalities having been concluded, the procession was formed, and word was given that it should be set in motion. It was a charming morning just then, and the grass and the foliage of the college square looked exquisitely fresh and green. First in the procession came the clergy p£ the religious | orders not belonging to the Synod ; after them followed the secular clergy not belonging to the Synod ; to these succeeded the choir of priests charged with the sacred music of the. day. After the choir came the theologians and the Bishops ; next came the provincials of religious orders; then the capitular dignitaries ; then followed the officers of the Council, with the procurators of absent Bishops ; then the prelates themselves ; and, lastly, the Cardinal President of the Council. When the procession began to move the hymn Veni Creator was intoned by the choir, and was caught up and sung in unison by the whole body of the procession. The scene was a striking one, as the long array moved on in the sun- When the circuit of the college grounds was made, . the proceBsion entered the chapel, and the clergy, dignitaries, and bishops took the seats marked out for them by the masters of the ceremonies on either side the choir. That old college chapel has witnessed in its time many sacred scenes. It has witnessed the consecration of bishops—it has seen thousands of Levites ordained into the priesthood—it has been sanctified by hundreds upon hundreds of "first Masses" offered at its altars; it has echoed to sad requiems chanted for dead students and superiors; but its crowning glory was reserved for yeBterday, when it became the meeting-place of a National Synod. It is true that it afforded scarcely the resources requisite for such an event; and much of the splendour of the day's ceremonial was impaired because of the want of altar Bpace. But it would have been a pity if it had passed away without leaving as an additional item for its history the fact of being the hall of a Council of the Irish Church. The following is a list of the prelates and others who were assembled in the church :— The Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin ; Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of Ireland ; Archbishop of Tuam ; Archbishop of Cashel; the' Bishops of DromorG, Deny, Down and Connor, Kilmore, Clogher, Ossory, Raphoe, Ferns, Ardagh, Cork, Ross, Killaloe, Limerick, Waterford, Cloyne, Achonry, Elphin, Galway, Clonfert, Killala, Kildare; the Vicar- Apostolic of Madras, and the Abbot of Mount Melleray. Among the superiors of religious orders present were—Very Revs. Father Walshe, Provincial of the Jesuits ; Father Dove, Provincial of the Vincentians; Father Cook, Provincial of the Oblates ; Father Conway, Provincial of the Dominicans; Father CoBgrave, Provincial of the Franciscans ; and Father Holland, Provincial of the Discalced Carmelites. Canonists and theologians—Very Rev. Dr. Levins, P.P., Ardee ; Monsignor Woodlock, Redtor of the Catholic University; Dr. Quin, P.P., V.G., Armagh; Dr. O'Flanagain, P.P., V.G., Ardagh; Dean MacMahon and Canon Bermingham, Clogher; Prof. Croly, Maynootb ; Dr. Finegan, Kilmore; Dean Cantwell and Dr. Ryan, CaBhel; Dean Neville and Canon Sheehan, Cork ; Archdeacon O'Regan; P.P., Mallow; Dr. Whitehead, ex-V.P., Maynooth I Dr. M'Carthy, V.P., Maynooth; Dr. Molloy, Vice-Rector Catholic, Uniteiiity ; Dr. Walshe, Professor of ! Theology, Maynooth ; Dr. Clery and Catron Lee; P.P., Bray; Dean Brown,. Maynooth; DA O'Malley, Killaloe; Dr. Macnatnai^, President of the Irish College, Paris;' THe Vely Rev. Dr. Dinan andFather 10*8^- gins, who acted as reporters at the Vatican Council,, perform the same duty at thepresent National Synod. Having recited the prayers of invocation to the Blessed Virgin, to St. Patrick, and to St. Laurence O'Tool, the Cardinal President vested for Mass, which was then celebrated with all the ritual observances prescribed in the book of ceremonies. His Eminence was attended by the following ministers :—The assistant priest was the Very Rev. Monsignor McCabe, P.P., V.G. ; the assistant deacons of the throne were the Very Rev. Dr. Woodlock and the Very Rev. Canon Keogh ; the deacon and sub-deacon of the Mass were the Rev. Father Pee, C.C., Marlborough-street, and the Rev. Wm. Cullen; and the masters of the ceremonies were the Rev. Father McSwiggan, the Rev. Dr. Tynan, and the Rev. Father Higgins. At the conclusion of the Mass the Lord Bishop of Dromore ascended the pulpit, and preached an impressive and practical sermon. His Lordship was dressed in the black episcopal dress peculiar to the Order of St. Dominick, of which he is a distinguished son. ' When the sermon had finished, the Cardinal took his place at the faldstool before the altar, and intoned the Psalm " Salmm me fat," which was continued to its close by the prelates and the choir of priests. His Eminence then pronounced the solemn invocation to the Holy Ghost. The Litany of the SaintB •was next sung, and that portion of the Gospel of St. Luke which records the Bending forth by our Lord of His ApostleB "to preach the Kingdom of God and heal the infirm " was chanted by the deacon; the hymn of the Holy Ghost was again solemnly and impressively given by the assembled ecclesiastics, and the public portion of the inauguration was then completed. All not belonging to the Synod were requested to retire, the chapel doors were closed, and the Council went into the session for deliberation and for business. 