A Teen.mLE .oPosrITo:,.-Say the North Goulburn Advertiser (Victoria), as the mail man of the line from Seymour to Rusworth was proceeding to the former place, he over took a swagman, who asked a question or two about the route he wished to pursue. The desired information was given, and the coach pursued its way. On the return next day, the driver and passengers were con ecious of hearing screams. Tho passengers at once alighted, and proceeded in the direc tion of the sound, which apparently pro ceeded from the vicinity of a burning tree. To their horror, on approaching the place, they saw a man under a fallen tree which was blazing at the stem within a yard or two of the poor wrotch'e head. By a dint of great exertion he was rescued from his fearful position and placed carefully in the coach. The driver recognised in the poor aufferer the swagman who had accosted him on the previous day. It would appear that he had camped close to a tree, which had apparently often answered the purpose of a camp fire. Hlis blankets were found alongside. In the morning hlie had probably proceeded to boil his billy at the burning tree, but it was used for camp purposes once too often. It fell, throw him prostrate, and pinned him to the earth, with the heat of the blaze beating on his head, and gradually increasing in inton sity as the fire crept onwards towards him. It is feared that his back is broken. The fearful agony of his aituation rendered intel ligent response to questions an impossibility. His acreams continued in the coach; his eyes intermittently blazed with the frightful terror of that approaching fire, and the hor. ror of tho situation from which he had beoon naved was too vividly impressed on his mind to render the fact of his salvation a fact at all to his mind. Oaptain Clark, of the brigantineo Mary Richmond, of Glasgow, which arrived at Cardiff on June 8, reports that on the homo voyage from Lagos one of the crow mutinied, killed the chief officor, attempted the cap. tain's life, and subsequently committed suicide. The tragic occurrence occurred on Good Friday, in Int. 20.16, Ion. 37.13 VW. The bt,?ward, Josoeph Massu, a Mahommodan, attacked the chief officer, Peter Van dor IIorat, with a large axe, as he was deoscend ing the cabin companion, completely dis abling him. Ilie cries of murder weore heard by the captain, who dragged him up on dock. The captain attempted to disarm Mossu, but could not and had barely time to fasten him up in the cabin when the remain der of the crow came to his assistance. The top of the skylight was lifted off, and at tempts woro made to got the axo from him. Soeing escape hlopeless he committed suicido by cutting his throat with the sharp edge of theo axo. IIis body was thrown overboard about two hours afterwards. The officer was found to be in a precarious state. His rightjaw was laid open; the right log was nearly cut off, and part of his loft. The captain had groat diffliculty in stopping the blood. A tent was rigged over him, as lhe could not be moved from the dock. Bad weather came on subsequently, and he was removed below. Mortification sot in, and death onnued. IIis body was committed to the deep. The crow woro all foreigners of mixed nationalities. Tihe captain was tho only British subhject on board, and is well known in the VWest African coast trade. A tolegram from Philadelphia, dated June 10, eltartos that the steameor Stato of Georgia, whichl has arrived at Now York, picked up on her voyage a boat containing live men belonging to the atoeamor Vickulburg, Captain ]lonuott, of the Dominion Line. The Vickeburg loft Quebeoo on May 27, with twunty-oight passengers and sixty crow. Eunountoring ice, sho was stove in, and foundered on Junoe 1. The boat which has boon picked up and two others, containing about forty persons, woro successfully launched, but parted company at night. The mon pilcked up aro James Orawloy, boat waioa' mare. of aLoud"n; iThoza 'Bier, of LIverp.0iol; P..:t t G rogal, John Wi! lasLe, an, ?. .? r,, W[em. Thei s3y ;ha"'C:.i, a" zt. 'O-:' ft.::/o"-'2' --, 1"-' down wrs :- sor _. T c --=r.d s'verel, frenz expr.ure, b-: are dohio weli I rall'y h-p- ih a'a': "e÷; ba" Ian bound to say t~. the -?i:er iS Cf good credit, and sea: me :-e er.S-. h: Le-don by -lat Sr, :he D~.. vcc g?-: e :u t - n b ti. . e'z pae' t-"e'=y.,.u o:hse .r-.rn by them r. a Was: as ear-h b:re theu-e fe!Io- gt on -he fi-g."" a-el Caphia Exahles "Da you knowr a;~;i-~ ? " said owa-bght, whb ha -.r'Co=ia in :he ze! cource tret~ary; " ths::- an emu, and there Asdev-alian w." "E'u be hanged " ,ro?"ie: Jack "Verfcie, "it's a gnse, arnd ey're i .~5re.O -E gle i- t'he Ausor ral- r inI-ai some'-'in nfr tho.e dir:oal prsrons 1 ho are ail'ays abu_,ing tae co:loni ea-bau. i abli;'ag w.:h u- ramble sil. A fr0e=d of mie a5vert d ed in ladon the oher day fot-r ae -i-'-"a men, and -:s-ed;sIal-ry of £15 pE-r an= m. ha owe: any applicants, think yo', ha he? ,and le=_s than 1!?O: Surely shid$ i aEignificant far:, and i"e that should inu ome lorala Br - E~:ino" fa-' tjg "'(i' -"a parSons mal- nnens no.. to thin} so badly of cioe- ialt flarie. cof 'i s a.. cerk in London to live -epcr cbly o'n £150, and pay double .el bourne pcE - for beef and mutton ? H" man -iod, where nre the little bots and shoes o leme afrom ?--i tgSe ine this is a ?itnlasian. i: ia' said that a certa in Yankesome hostessl mho-e table ins noted for thin so badlrmity of doloshnil ilas a brHok daught ler whoin. electrines herto live ma's boarders with the following parody, reung to an alompaniment on 1, nd pay double epiano: a While prc fo beef and mutvenison cost otr to d, onare ore the little boots and chaos to of camh, be it ever so gristly there's nothing P: z' "-id tha' a certain Yankee hootese, likoe as; thabe scrapings and leavingt of nodishes, hse elsewhere, whea mixeh altogether makis her ma' a oarders withl the follow7ing parody, snag to an ac --ompanimntn on a newi piano: Wn" hlo beefoteake and venison coot late of cash, be it evrer so gristly there's nothing like hash; the scrapings and leavinge, of no use el·eehers, when mixed altogether make excellent fare. Hash, hash, good meat hash, be it ever so gristly there's nothing like hash! A stranger from home hotels dazzles in vain: O give me cheap eating house food that's more plain, and the waiter who gaily re-echoes my call, for a nice plate of has.h or a single fish-ball !" It will be remembered that some months ago we made mention of a Madame Alber tine, an American actress, who for about fourteen years had been an inmate of the Ballarat benevolent asylum in consequence of having lost her sight. The circumstances of her case became known to Mr. Stuart O'Brien, who communicated with Mr. Adam son, the American consul, and the American war-ship Swatara being at that time in Hohson's Bay, the commander of the vessel kindly consented to take MIadame Albertine hack to the United States. A sum of money was also collected for her, chiefly through Mr. O'Brien's efforts. Her arrival in her native country apparently excited consider able surprise, for she had long been consi dered lost, and was, in fact, regarded as probably dead. By the American mail just received she has written to Mr. O'Brien, and speaks in warm terms of gratitude of the service thus rendered to her, for she had long given up all hopes of ever leaving Australia. As a matter of course, as soon as she arrived she was visited by represen tatives of the newspapers, and her history as therein detailed has quite a romantic character. The theatrical profession, she says, has been extremely kind to her, and though there is little hope of her ever being restored to sight, she has the satisfaction of feeling that she will end her days among her friends and in her native land. A foew weeks ago we noticed at some length an impudent book entitled Wander ings in the Interior of New Guinea. Al though some of the statements it contained would have done .no discredit to Baron Munchausen, it imposed upon several of the London papers. The Standard spoke of it in the most oncomiastic terms; and the Academy, a publication exclusively devoted to literature, science, and art, pronounced it to be "one of the most remarkable booke'of travel that have appeared for some time," and hoped the author would soon be suffici ontly well to read a paper before the Royal Geographical Society or some similar body. But the less credulous Athbnmum detected the imposition and exposed it. Nothing daunted, the author, Captain John A. Law son, retorted on his reviewer that he knows nothing whatever about New Guinea, and pointed triumphantly to the fact that "one of the principal daily newspapers has not hesitated to aver its confidonce in the truth fulnoss of my narrative." The Athenmoum rejoined by inviting Captain Lawson to con found it by producing the skin of the tiger " marked with black and distinct stripes on a white or nearly white ground," which he says he succeeded in bringing to Europe. It is scarcely necessary to add that Captain Lawson hcs declined the invitation, and has not presented himself to the Royal Geoograph ical Society; but on thIe 3rd of June last he received a final "squelching " in Nature by Mr. A. R. Wallace, thIe well-known natural ist, who opont some years in the Mnalay Archipelago. That gentleman dec:lares that Captain Lawson's "wanderings" are not only fictitious, but that they are clumsily so; for " he is so totally ignorant of the geo graphy and the natural history of the country hIe pretends to have explored, and so completely unacquainted with the oxi goenies of travel and exploration in trackless equatorial forests, as to crowd his pages with incidents totally unliko any that occur to the actual explorer, and with facts altogother opposed to some of tihe best established con clusions of physical geography." Thoso allegations Mr. WVallaoee proceeds to sustain, and thus effoectually disposes of this audaci ous traveller's story." For the time to come, perhaps, reviewors will be a little more cautious about accepting romances like those of Captain Lawson for genuine re cords of discovery in untroddon lands.-Mol bourne Argue. A shocking accidont ocourrod on tho North Euastorn railway, aIbout half a mile from Tomploton-atroot crossing, on Saturday piglht the Ovoez and Murray Advortisor reports, by which a man nemod Thomas Ohonorth, a lino repairer, lost his lifo througjh being run over by the oveniog train. His body was torribly mutilateod, his right foot out off, his hbead smasehed and separated from his body, and his loft thigh brokeu. Bisixtoon yards from where his body was foundlay a portion of his skll, the brains being scattered over tthe rails. Near this wa~s a bottle sntaining beer. It i- s ppnsed that the cnor:nna.e mrn wa~ lthe worse for drink. A n iCques: -was held before Dr. Miller, coroner, and a verdict re:nnei to the effen: that the de ceassed was aci~denally ktilie through being run over by a railnvy t:rain. " h Eyse is par-eedi in San Francisco," the Bailarat Cnourier states, " which might he eztnle. to all o:her own~s in the world to the pro" advantage of the public. Same mon:hs sirnoe Mr. Charile Dyte received a le:tter from San Francisca eantoining the following no:ice on the outside of the en velope :-'Thi let::er was posted wit:h in rncient setamps. The extra s.amps have been afficx-E, and you are reques:ed to forward the seme to b~z 294, post-ooice, Sin Fran cisce, in order that the same courtesy may be eteZded ti) 0:her parties.' The letter c;me from his sister, so Mr. Dlte wrote back requ- E.:ig that lady to make good the deSciecey, if the notice was gennine. By the last Californian mail Mr. Dyte has receivel a reply, stating that the notice was wri?.en in perfect faith, and :bat its appear ance was due to the Christian Young Men's A 'ociation of San Francisco, which, amongst other goad works, obtains a list periodically of all the insuffiEciently stamped letters in the San Francisco post-office, and makes good the deficiency; the authorities per mitting the members to paste a small piece of paper on the envelopes containing the above words. A branch of the society would find good work to do in a number of other towns besides San Francisco." MJr. Piimsoll's name seems to have been ont of eight to a great extent lately, but it crops up again in the papers now with renewed force. Whether actuated'by feel ings of true philanthrophy, or whether these feelings are dashed with a strong infusion of a desire for notoriety, we will not discuss, for there is the fact that the work Mr. Plim coil is doing is a great one, and that it will have its after-effects upon the marine of our nation for good there cannot be a doubt. As for himself, he has cut his name deeply in the tablet of time, and it will be many generations before it is erased. He musnt have risen up like on avenging ghost before the eyes of those owners whose conscience pricked them for sending unseaworthy vessels afloat-vessels of which nothing more had been heard. That Mr. Plimsoll's campaign is not to grow rusty was thoroughly exemplified at a meeting lately held at Exeter Hall, which was densely crowded in every part, anti the speeches were most enthusias tic. MIr. Plimsoll's plan now is to send a paragraph to the morning papers, an nouncing the loss of any vessels posted at Lloyd's, and the appearance of these paragraphs is far too frequent. The Danbury News says that London overflows with courts that seem to com mence nowhere and end somewhere near there. 