BRIEF NOTES OF AN AUSTRALIAN TOURIST ON HIS JOURNEY ROUND THE WORLD. No. IT. Tumor is charmingly located on the left bank of the River Po, near its confluence with the Dora Riparia, and has in full view Monte Rosa and the Alps. The city is undoubtedly a handsome one, and being comparatively newly- built, its architecture has a modern •look. It is remarkable for its splendid streets and squares. We were particularly impressed with the Piazza San Carlo, with its equestrian statue of Emanuel Philibert and the Piazza Vittorio Emanuele. The latter is very large and beautifully-situated; leading nut of it is a five-arched bridge acrose the Po. At the top of a hill close to the city is seen Ls Supergn, the mausoleum of the House of Savoy. After visiting the King's and the ps?hlic gardens we went through the Royal Palace. We admired its marble entrance, and felt exceedingly interested with what we saw in the various apartments, including a mala chite vase, presented by the King of Russia, and a vase in various marbles, the gift of Sicilian ladies. There were also some pictures, mosaics, and tapestry. In the royal chapel we were shown the gensine (?] cover in which the body of Jesus was wrap ped when he was taken from the cross. We next visited l'Academie des Sciences, which contains some fine pictures and anti quities, and what is eaid to be the finest Egyptian museum in Europe. The ecclesiastical edifices of Turin are very imposing; baut we had not time to ex amine their interiors. We fortunately secured the services of a very efficient Italian guide, whose card inti mated that he spoke Enclish, and then went -.on with some philosophical advice to Eaglish men in these terms-" Time' is money-save you money and time?." His card also in formed us that he spoke D'chb, Spanish, French, and Italian. With such an accom plished cicerone it is not surprising that we were able to do a great deal in a very short space of time, while his English descriptions, given in about the same proficient style as the writing on his card, supplied us with a mass of instructive information that we could not in our brief notes record, but doubtless will keep "within the volume of our brain unmixed with baser matter." Should any of my Australian friends ever visit Turin, let them look up Mr. - I mean Signor Guide Commissioner C. Colombo, and if he still lives, he will got you a splendid carriage and pair and make your quite happy with his prate. We put up at the Hotel Feder during our stay at Tarin, and found the arrangements there all that we could desire. On the 6th August we were again in the train and on our way to Paris. The moun tainous scenery as we passed along fully engrossed our attention; while the pretty villas with their gardens and cultivations completely charmed us. The railway works over deep ravines and through numerous tunnels are full of instruction. At about noon we entered the celebrated tunnel, seven and a half miles in length, through Mont Cenis. We were twenty-five minutes in this tunnel. The sensation we experienced in darting through such a mass of solid earth was not of the most agreeable kind. Some of the passengers appeared more than uneasy, and the feeling of satisfaction which was de cidedly manifested as the train burst once more into the daylight was remarkable. The construction of this tunnel is said to have cost £2,600,000. We were now upon French soil, and draw up at Mondane railway station, where our baggage was searched by the customs authorities, and we obtained an excellent lunch. At two o'clock we were again rapidly passing through grandly mountainous country ; and at three o'clock were in the beautiful valley of the Chsm bery; thence onward through country both varied and interesting, we reached Macon at 8.15 p.m. Night having wrapped its dark mantle upon natare, we were loft to continue in a mental dream the beautiful panorama that had that day passed before us, and at seven o'clock the next morning we entered Paris. What a task before me! To describe the city that is universally admitted to be the most beautiful in the world! My pen fails me, and I feel lost in the maze of magnifi cence that my notes just serve to portray in mental vision. A volume would not hold a description of that vision, so I must just fall back upon my notes, and leave my Aus tralian friends to imagine the poetical do tails which my bare outline can only aug gest. We made our way to the Grand Hotel du Louvre, a palatial structurecontaining about seven hundred rooms, and capable of dining throoe hundred persons at its table d'hote. This was our head-quarters during our stay in Paris, and most comfortable they were. The following particulars may serve to convny, an idea of the general apect of the French metropolis: In shape it very much resembles a heart, with the river Seine running through it from east to west - the river being lined with upwards of thirty-eight splendid quays, and the whole enclosed by a fortified wall. The city is said to contain nearly 1400 streets and bonlevards, 204 covered avenues, 28 bridges, 40 theatres, and 90 public establishments. .Our first tour through the city commenced iitlh the BRue do Rivoli, one of the most lively boulevards on the right bankl of the 86bne, to the Place do la Concorde, which is very extensive and strikingly handsome. This square is bounded by the Seine on the 8., the Rue do Rivoli on the N., the garden of the Taillories on the E., and OChamps Elysdes on the W., and contains the magni ficent obelisk of Luxor, the gift of the Pacho of Egypt to Louis Phillippe as a tolken of gratitude for ervices rendered by the French govoernment~ This obelisk is more than 0300 years old, and is considered one of the most beautifal in the world. Its height is ti oro than one hundred feeoot, including the pedestal on which it stands. There are nalso two splendid fountains of large size, adorned with emblematital figures which serve to spout the water from the lower into the upper buoinb. The marble figures and ornamental lamp. posts arranged with Parisian taste in the Place do In Concordo also commanded our admiration. :Tho Champs Elyedos, leading out of the Place de la Concorde and continuing for abhonut one mile and a half, is veryattractive I with its intersecting avenues and plantations. At night this is a popular place of recrea tion, and affords a good opportunity f r wit nessing the various phases of gay Parisian life. WeV visited the Jardin )ia.bile. It was brilliantly lighted with clhoured lampo, and its promenades were thronges whith P,,risians and foreignera, who gaily chatted with women of the demi-monde, while an excel lent band of music stationed in a pavilion gave forth eweet strains of music. The colored lights amidst the trees and foliage, I the artificial grotto, and rustic seats, gave the place the appearance of a fairy scene. Dar ing the evening a wild sort of dance known as the "can-can" was indulged in. Can r sidering the character of this place of enter tainment, the order preser.ed was remsrk able, and the entire absence of anything approaching rowdyism confirmed the reputa tion the French have earned of being the most polite of natione. Close by the Champs Elysees is the Palais de l'Industrie, used in the year 1855 for the Paris exhibition. The building is of great size, and has an elanorate sculptured front representing agriculture, industry, and art. It is now used as offices for the finance de partment. After inspecting the flt'el Pompiesa, Pont de 'PAlms, and Pont d'Jena, we came ur;on the beau:iful Are de Triomphe de i'E:oile. This magnificent structure termi nates the avenue from the Place de la C-n corde. Continuing o:wards we erme intr. the Bois de Boulogne, a delightful park. During the war of 1570 a eonsidera5!e num ber of its trees were cut down, which eemed to us almost a sacrilege. In this park are two artificial lakes of ;reat size, with islands charmingly located thereon. On one island i- a care constructes tastefully in the Swias style. To my mind nothing can be more de lightful than to drive about this locality. As the city for'ificationas kirt the park, an excel lent opporturity is affrded for examinining the ramparts which are absut thirty feet in hbight and environed by a ditch eighteen feet in depth. The wood in the country beyond was cut down previous to the recent Prussian -ige of 1870.1, and molt of the forts cam manding the city approaches were destroyed during that destructive period of Parisian his tory. Our next ezcursion in Les Grand Boule yards comprised another portion of the city on the right bank of the Seine. The most striking objects in this locality were the famous Bastille, the Colonne de Jeillet, a monument constructed of iron 164 feet high, and bearing on its top a figure emblematical of liberty, bearing in one hand a torch and in the other a broken chain; Porte St. Martin and Port St. Denia, two fine triumphal arches; the Exchange (Bourse), a handsome building surrounded by a colonnade of Corin thian pillars, with four statues emblematical of commerce, equity, industry, and agricul ture, one at each corner of the building, (the ball of the Exchange is 124 ft. by 81 ft.), the magnificent new opera-house occupying an area of about 13,000 square yards; the Colonne Vendome, thrown doan by the com munists in 1871, but in course of re-erection; and the Palais Royal, which was set on fire by the communists in 1871, the garden of which presents a most brilliant aspect in the evening. We of course spent a considerable portion of our time most delightfully in viewing the Louvre and its splendid collection of Assyrian antiquities; its Egyptian, Algerian, and marine museums; its ancient and modern eculptures; and its magnificent picture gallery. It would be impossible for me to describe this collection; but I may mention a few of the objects which particularly de. manded our attention. In the Assyri ton antiquity departmet winged bulls with human heads, and fragments of a large palace thought to be upwards of four thou-and years old, excavated in the year 1843 in the vicinity of Nineveh. A huge plhynx of red granite in the Egyptian mu seum. Amongst the IRenaissance sculptures the bas-relief of Sr. George and the dragon, two prisoers, unfinished marble ?tatues by Michael Angelo; Mercury and Psyche, by Adrian de Vries. Amongst the ancient an tiquities, Diana with the deer, which seeks protection from the goddess; the Venus of Milo, which is considered the gem of the whole collection, being a masterpiece of the best period of Greek art. In the picture gallery, which is three-fourths of a mile in length, Madeonna and Crild, by Peruoino, purchased from the King of Holland for £2120; Entombment of Christ, by Titian; Salome with the head of John the Baptist, by Luini; the Repast in the House of Simon the Pharisee, a picture thirty-one feet long by fourteen and h-balf feet high ; the Conception of the Virgin, by Murillo, purchased from the collection of Marshal Soult for the enor. mous sum of £24,612; the Marriage at Cane, by Paulo Veronese. It is the largest pic ture in this gallery, being thirty two feet long by twenty-one feet highb; a copy of Leonardo da Vinet's picture of the Last Supper, the original of which we saw at Milan; the Broken Pitcher, by Greueo; ilnoes relating to Dido the Fate of Troy, by Gudrin ; Shipwreck of the Medtsa, by Gerioanlt. fn the marine museum we noticed a large model ofn hundred and twenty gun ship, whiolh occupied the en tire apartment; also a bust of La Perouse, nod model of tite monument erected to his memory at Botany Bay. IThe whole collec tion is admirably arranged, and so atlractive that months might be spent with undimilenished interest in examining its variety of instructive objects. We next visited the ruins of the Tuileries and its gardens. TIhe latter are very attractive. Close by we beheld the beautiful Are de Triomplh du Carrousel, forty-eight feet in height, fifty-one feet in width, and twenty eight feet in thickness, built by Napoleon in imitation of the triumphal arch of Serverue at Rome. The ruins of the Hotel de VItle or town hall of Paris were next insprcted by us. This noble pile of buildings was entirely destroyed by fire io 1871, including iets library of 100,000 volumes. Proceeding along the Rue de Rivoli, we came upon the magnificent boulovart I'Sobas tipol, constructed by Napoleon IIft. Contiou ing onwards we crossed a bridge to an island in the Seine termed La Cite, on which stands the Palais tie Justice. We inspected the ancient St. Chapelle, which is a gem of its kind in the Gothio style, consisting of two chapels, ani upper and a lower one, the upper one being remarkable for its elegant windows of colored st/ined glass, representing allegori cal scenes from the life of St. Louine, sacnored relice such as fragments of the Saviour'a crown and the head of the spear with which His side was pierced are praeerved in this cbapet. On La Cite is also located the celebrated cat.edr.,l Notre Dame. It is ~l4s a structure in t!t: Gatbic tyle, four hundred nod -ixteen feet long and at the transept a hundred and fifty-thres feet wile. Its towers are two hundred and seventeea feat and its spire two hundred and rinety-eight feet high. The in terior is exceedinoly interesting, and at the time of our visit a facetious guide did the ex planatory business as regards its details. His descriptions were given something after the following fashion :-Dis two monu-moit re present to de memory of de Archbishop Car dinal de Belloy, who did in de rear 1806; but come alony." The last three words were repeated after every descriptioo, as an inti matio' that we were to move on. In the cour-e of an expanation of th- subject of one of the beautiful stained glass windows, he told us that "dis window was made at MIetz, which place now belong to ye Prussians; but it will remain de property of de Prussians only oso long as it shall remain; but come along." Hle took every opportunity to de nounce the communistic cause, and informed us that its motto, "libertd, egalite, fraternite," simpn " meant~ "murder, bloodshed, and rob. barv.:' The sext object that came under notice'was the morgue, where corpses of unknown per .')sL are exposed for recognition by their friends. Our curiosity did nat tempt; s into this pnace; bat we were told that the bodies are pieced on marble slabs, while the clothing worn at the time of death is suspended above them. In the Rue Richelieu we were much p!eased with a monument erected to the cele brated dramatist MoliPre, who is represented in a sitting position, in an attitude of medita tion. Below are two figures emblematic of the serious and humorous characters of his plays. These figures are furnished with scrolls on which is inscribed the names of Moligre's works. In addition to the ecolesiastical edifices already mentioned we inspected the churches of St. Germain l'Aucerrois, St. Eustache, La Madeleine, and St. Etienne du Mont. The principal objects of interest on our tours on the left bank of the Seine were the Palais and Jardin du Luxembourg, the Pantheon, the Palais du Corps Lngislatif, Hotel des Invalides, Ecole Militaire where we saw a large body of cavalry exercising, and the Champ de Mare, a large open space where the principal military reviews take place. A descriptive volume might be written about each of these places which in interest quite equal those I have just mentioned on the opposite bank of the river. The Parisian amusements would form another volume. With its theatres-open air concerts in all directions, cafes, circuses, and panoramas, there is an abundant and a varied field, in which the jaded mental energies of man can seek refreshment. In fact, toan Australian, Paris appears to be a city especially dedicated to pleasure, for even in the daytime the lively aspect of the city and the apparent absence of a business briskness amongst the citizens strengthens the impression that the Parisian does not desire to emulate the workshop character of John Bull. Of course we went to the Italian opera house. William -Tell was the opera per formed, and it was rendered in a manner truly delightful, and such a contrast to our Australian lyric productions (good though they sometimes are) and quite a caution to the amateur attempts at opera we had heard. One of the most pleasing entertainments we visited was a panorama illustrative of the seige of Paris. It consisted of an imi tation fortress on which we stood and viewed the pictures of the seige, most truthfully portrayed on canvas placed at some distance off, all round us. The inter val between the place where we stood and the painting was skilfully arranged with real earthworke, cannons, shot, and other imple ments of war. The illusion was so complete that it was a matter of the greatest difficulty to detect where the reality terminated and the painting commenced. We made an excursion by train to Ver sailles, and as the carriages have seats on top we were able to obtain a splendid view of the country as we passed along. We we delighted with the historical pictures and the sculpture at the palace, while its gardens and park impressed us as being Elysium ! Paradise ! Perfection ! The Grand Trianon about three-quarters of a mile from the palace erected by Louis XIV for Madame do Maintenon, and the Petit Trianon close by, the favourite resort of .Marie Antoinette, were also visited by us. We likewise went into the Muses des Voitures which contains a collection of state carriages used on various important occasions from the commencement of the first Empire to the baptism of the Imperial Prince in 18.56. The trip to Versailles concludes my notes on Paris. How I regretted I could not remain for months, aye years, in this beauti ful and instructive city as the time ap. proached for leaving it, and what delight do I now experience when I bring back in mental vision the scenes through which I passed during my brief sojourn there. "'But come along," (as the Notre Dame guide would say), Paris is fading in the dist ance, and we are on our way to London. The train left Paris at 7.30 a.m. on the 11th August, and we reached Calais six and a half hours afterwards. Calais is a curious old place, defended by a large citadel and surrounded by a wall and moat. It is said to contain a population of 16,000. The harbor consists of a large quay, extending from which into the sea are tiwo long wooden piers. Alongside one of these piers we found the paddle steamship Petrol ready to take us twenty-three miles across the channel to Dover. The choppy son almost invariably met with on this voyage has tie reputation of speedily pro ducing what our medical frioads term nausea marina, but which we better under stand by the term sea-sickness. I am fortunately a good sailor, and am happy to add that prognostications of my certainly being afflicted with nausea marina on this voyage in particular were not realised. Most of those around me, however, were so indisposod and afforded me an opportunity for considering the cause of the imputed worse behaviour of this than any other part of the ocean, and to this conclusion did I come: that while there may be some good geographical reasons for the choppy charac ter of this sea, some allowance must be made for the fact that passengers are placed on hoard the packets as it were just out of the cradle of high culinary art and therefore in a condition to induce either nausea marina or any other sort of nausea. I noticed one old gentleman on board the Petrel (who I felt persuaded could tell us the taste of every Parisian dish), was exceeding charitable to the fishes, a stranger at the same time per suading him to " try some brandy," advice which the old gentleman accepted by the quickly-ejaculated expression "get me some." The stranger left and shortly re appeared with a glass of Cognac. Pity the sorrows of that poor old man; he had but one sip and then his charitable inclinations came on a-sin, while the stranger coolly polished off the Cognac with the air of one who wanted a glass, knew how to get a glass, and got a glass. Several vessels were in the Channel, and the sight with the Dover cliffs which were now visible was very pleasing. What a number of ships must pass annually through this narrow bit of sea, and how surprising that collisions are not more frequent. The passage from Calais to Dover occupied two hours twenty-five minutes, and at the latter place the Petrel was berthed alongside a splendid stone pier which forms a protection to the harbour. The appearance of Dover is rather picturesque, with its immense chalk hills and cliffs, and its ancient castle stand ing at a height of about 300 feet above the sea. Facing. the sea there are some elegant terraced houses of modern construction, which form a pleasing contrast to the some what irregular aspect of the older portions of the town. We left Dover by the south-eastern rail way train at 3.45 p.m. and reached London at about six p.m. I cannot say my first impression of London was a favourable one. I had never been there before, and it unfortunately happened that at the time of my arrival a drizzling rain was falling, which in itself was sufficient to give the place a dismal look. Then the portion of this great city to which I was first introduced was about the least calculated to inspire any poetical ideas of the locality. Around me (as the train passed in) there ap peared a perfect forest of tall brick chimneys and smoky-looking buildings of a very un picturesque aspect. It seemed as if I had come into the midst of a district of ponderous machinery, where the busy hum of labour. operated decidedly against the possibility of human enjoyment. The fact is, I could not get rid of the recollection of beautiful Paris. Paris literally spoilt me for an immediate appreciation of London. How my first opinion changed as I became familiar with this, the largest city in the world, my sequel notes will show. It is not my intention to undertake a full description of London, as most of my Aus tralian friends have had ample opportunities of becoming ,acquainted with its manifold and wonderful attractions, either by personal visit or by the aid of their school literature. For my own part I found I was able readily to identify many of the public institutions of London from my recollection of the pictures and accounts of them I had met with at school. My brief notes will therefore-only serve as a mere mention of places visited during my sojourn of nearly five months in this city. The Hon. Robeit Lowe, in the course of a speech he made during the time of my visit, described London as a nation in a town; and when we recollect that the population of this city is nearly four millions, and that it contains upwards of four hundred and twenty thousand inhabited houses, the aptness of Mr. Lowe's remark will be at once ad mitted. I had not been many days in this city before I realized. its vastness. How mazed I got in some of its irregular streets! and how often did the obliging policeman direct me out of the difficulty-once or twice with a friendly caution as to the honesty of the neighbourhood into which I had rambled. Of course the first portion of our time was devoted to the necessary work of making our selves acquainted with the city thoroughfares. The more ancient parts of London are by no means well laid out; the streets generally are narrow, and access from one business part to another is obtained by a number of zig-zag and objectionable passages; but in the newer portions, such as Regent-street and the West-end, the streets are more regular and the aspect of the city vastly superior-indeed I don't know but that the appearance of Regent-street with its splendid shops of uniform architecture would bear comparison with the Parisian Boulevards. The neighbourhood including Hyde Park,. Kensington, and Bayswater, with the magni ficent mansions which are met with is very charming, while Hyde Park itself is as de lightful a rendezvous as beauty and fashion could desire. This park contains about three hundred and ninety acres, and in the season when the rank and fashion of London here take their daily drives, and equestrians throng Rotton Row, the scene is said to be unequalled in any part of the world. Kensington Gardena, Green Park, St. James's Pirk, Battersea Park, ind Regent Park are all delightful places, and a great boon to such a crowded city as London. On Sundays those places are all thronged with the working class of people, whose behaviour is exceedingly orderly. I had an oppor tunity both at Milan and Paris of ascertain ing the effect upon the conduct of the people of opening the museums and otherinstructi-o institutions on Sundays, and I unhesitatingly affirm that no projudicial result in that res pect was manifest; but on the contrary some reasonable and attractive occupation being thus provided for the mental recreation of the people, there was actually less rowdyism than I have witnessed on Sundays in some portions of our own city. Most of the suburbs of London are very agreeable localities, and admirably adapted as retreats from the busy noise of the city. Very interesting tours we made upon the river Thames, one of which from London Bridge to Greenwich and Woolwich, enabled us to view the shipping and docks as well as to see the celebrated Greenwich Hospital with its park and observatory; Blackwall with its iron ship-building establishments, and WVoolwmich with its dockyard, arsenal, and its royal artillery barracks capable of holding four thousand men. .Somo very pleasing and instructive excur sions wore made to the Orystal Palace at Sydenham, and to Windsor, where we in spected the castle. The scenery about WVindsor is very charm ing. Of course we went through the state and private appnartmeents at the castle. The Queen happened to be away in Scotland, and we had therefore an excellent oppor tunity of-scanning the royal household great neos, and examining the several beautiful presents which the royal family had at various times received; also a fine marble statue of the late Prince Albert which stands in an apartment leading out of the grand corridor, and just before the Queen's en trance to the royal chapel, a small chamber tastefully fitted up. The state apartments consist of several rooms, viz., the Queen's audience-chamber, on the walls of which are three pieces of gobelin tapestry, representing the history of Esther. In this chamber are pictures of Mary Queen of Scots, Frederick Henry Prince of Orange, and William Prince of Orange. The ball-room containing several pictures by Vandyck. The Queen's state drawing-room in which are several landscape pictures by Zuccarelli; also portraits of George I, II, and III, and some other pictures. On the grand, staircase is placed a statue of George IV., by Chantrey. The Waterloo chamber-a splendid apart ment-containing portraits of sovereigns, the Duke of Wellington, and other dis tinguished individuals, by Sir T. Law rence. The presence chamber in which is a malachite vase, a present from the Emperor Nicholas of Russia, who appears to have been fond of this description of gift, as we had on the continent met with two. similar presents of his. .On the wales of the pro souce chamber hangs some gobalin tapestry work, representing Jason and Medea. St. George's Hall-an apartment two hundred feet long, thirty-two feet high, and thirty-four feet wide. The arms of the knights of the garter emblazon the ceiling; while portraits of English monarchs from James I to George IV, adorn the walls. The throne is at the east end of this chamber. The guard chamber, which is ornament ally arranged with suits of armour and arms, contains a portion of the foremast of Nelson's ship Victory; perforated by a cannon ball, forming a pedestal for the :bust of Nelson. There are several other interesting curiosities in this chamber. In the Queen's presence chamber we saw more gobelin tapestry, and some portraits with frames carved by Gibbons. St. George's chapel is interesting, its inte rior architecture being exquisitely beautiful. The banners and escutcheons of the knights of. the garter are fixed over their carved stalls. The iron tomb of Edward IV, and 'a marble- one of Henry VI, are in the aisles, while the remains of Henry VIII and Charles I lie u'nder the choir. In the immediate neighbourhood of the castle Eton College is nicely situated. Many hours could he pleasantly spent in the vicinity of Windsor, especially in the Park, the most noticeable features of which are the long avenue planted on each side with. elms and the bronze equestrian statue of George IIi. But to return to the city. It is 'said that there are no less than 28637 miles of street within a radius of six miles from Char. ring Cross. Fleet-street is one of the most crowded thoroughfares, aind at its junction with the Strtind is Temple Bar, erected in the year 1670 according to a design by Wren. There ii nothing about Temple Bar to make it an .attractive object, while it certainly greatly obstructs the traffic, and its historic association is doubtless the only.reason for its being retained in its present position. Per haps hereafter some one of tbosP. T. Barnum stamp will secure its removal to a suitable museum where antiquaries may go into rap tures without impeding bunioess. Not far from Temple Bar, off Fetter-lase, is the tavern (and not a very inviting one either) where Dr. Johnston, Goldsmith, and other celebrities, met. I am afraid Barnum would pass this tavern as a doubtful specula tion compared with the Temple Bar idea. London is full of associations of this kind, which are of intense interest to persons fond of idolising; but in this age, in which there is so marked a desire to abandon the old beaten tracks of the past and enter upon new fields of advanced civilization, these associ ations will doubtless be sacrificed under.the car of modern progress. Already extensive changes have been effected in the old portion of London; especially about St. Paul's church yard and Cannon-street. The Thames em bankment, too, is perhaps one of the most remarkable of modern efforts towards improv ing the city. 'Of the government buildings of London, the general post- office, St: Martins le' Giand, is,one of the most interesting. A large new' building on the opposite side of the street was opened while we were in the city. In this new portion are located the offices of the post master-general and secretary, as well as -the operating d'partment of the eleotri tele graphs. We were informed that there were no less than 300 miles of wire under the floor of the operating-room, which is sufficiently 'largo to' accommoda'e 700 operators. We paid a visit to the telegraph quarters then occupied in Moorgate-street. No less than 800 lady and 8300 gentlemen operators are employed in this building. It is gratifyidg to observe that the introduction of this element of female labour has been attended with great necese,. The ladies are said to be very ex pert operators, and the diosdiplitie maintained at the time of our vi-it was noticeable. We were s'hown the working of Wheatstone's automatic instrument recently introduced in this colony, as well as various other systems of telegraphy in use.' ' Feeling mucla interest in the pest-oifice, we frequently. inkpered its numeroues divisions. It is a fine sight to witness the making op of the night mails by quite an army of officials as well as the deaspntob of the Indian and Aistralasinn tilail,. We woreo shown a 'volumo containing Itracings of the extraordinary addresses of letters whlich was very curious; and were permitted to handle the official case contain ing despatches from the prime minister addressed to her Majesty the Queen at Balmoral. The postal system of London is very perfect, and the facilities it affords are truly astonishing. Somerset House, in the Strand, which is at present used for ofices for the registrar general, the audit, and the inland revenue departments, is a noble building, and is said to have coat upwards of £500,000. The treasury buildings, Whitehall, con taining the offices of the treasury, privy council, home office, and chancellor of the exchequer has a handsome front 296 feet in length. The colonial office at the time of our visit was situated in Downing-street, in a building of anything but an imposing aspect. New offices, however, were nearly completed, and doubtless by this time the minister charged with the management of our Australian' affairs is able to present a more pleasing front. I might dwell at some length upon. the offices of the secretary of state for war, the admiralty, the horse guards, Trinity House, the mint, and the Herald's College.;,also upon the commercial edifices, such as ithe Bank of England, Royal Exchange, Stock' Exchange, Custom House, as well as upon the various docks and mansinss'ino and around London. I might also attemnipt a des cription of the schools and colleges, tbi conrt of law and equity, the inns of courts, the prisons and the various industrial establish. ments, but my notes must not be tedious; There are upwards of forty what may be termed street statues in London. .Many. of them are exceedingly beautiful', and dorn the localities in which they are placed. There appears much more common sense in erecting splendid sculptures to immortalise the great than in preserving old taverns and tumble. down houses to remind posterity of the un. poetical surroundings, of those whose works inspire to deeds of human good and right.. We spent some.time in the Tower examin ing the collection of arms end armour so tilate fully arranged, and listening to the interest. ing accounts of the distinguished persons who were confined in this fortress. What a revival of historical recollections this place occasions in the mind of the visitor ! How its walls seem to echo the sentiment "off with.his head ! so much for Buckingham." We entered the room over the Bloody Tower in which Raleigh was confined. In the apartment known as Queen Elizabeth's armoury we were shewn the beheading axe used at the execution of the Earl of Essex. In these days of spiritualism I wonder what a seance held in some of these tragic chambers would reveal. Perhaps some of the poor victims wouldiip. pear after the fashion of .Hamlet's ghost, and unfold a tale that would make one's:hair stand upon end like quills upon the fretful what-you-may-call-'em. 