THE STORY-TELLER. MADGE'S SACRIFICE. By E. M. Alfoud. (From Hie Argosy, f (Concluded from our last J III. Madge's Christmas did not promise to be a very bright one this year. And had she not been sustained by entering into the true spirit of that blessed festival, I think her brave heart would have given way to depression and discontent, under her troubles. In her generous impulsiveness, she had not considered, as she should have done, the duty she owed her parents before taking so decided a step. Perhaps the fact of working for herself so early had xuade the girl of eighteen more independ ent in her feelings than became her age. And though no further word of blame came from either father or mother con cerning her deed, she thought Bhe could detect a shade of disappointment and dis trust in their faces, which her troubled fancy dwelt on and exaggerated. As for Tom, generally so full of life and fun at holiday times, and Madge's devoted admirer, a change had come over the youth; his sister declaring that he was sulky from morning till night, and always railing against the unpoetical, money making spirit of the age. < But worst of all was Kit—Kit, for whom all this annoyance had been en countered. Instead of thanking her when she put the £10 note into his hand, think ing that here at least would be a ray of pleasure, he crumpled it up almost sa vagely, and said, with as much temper as such an easy-going lad was capable of: " I've a mind to toss the dirty bit of paper into the fire, Madge. I call it un ^wfieinroon hard lines on a fellow to be made out such a brute as all that I" "As all what, Kit?" " Why, to take the veiy hair off his sister's head to pay his beggarly bills. I wish all those books had been at the bot tom of the sea, and my best suit into the bargain !" " That would have been a pity, as the fishes wouldn't have appreciated them," said Madge, trying to laugh. " Now, don't chaff, Madge. I am aw fully put out, I can tell you. I wouldn't have had it happen for twice the money. Why, I thought I might have had you up to Oxford this comem., if I pinched a bit. But I couldn't have the face to lionise you now." " Oh 1 Kit, don't bother like aU the rest!' said poor Madge, driven to speak out at last. And therewith the tears over flowed. , tKifc couldn t stand that, so he strode off with the hardly-earned money. The next day he walked into the town again to re- ' ceive another ten-pound note from the : bookseller, on the receipt of the huge box of books sent from Oxford by the lad's order. On his way home he met Tom Helston, and paid him the remainder of his debt. But Tom was ungracious too. " If you were so flush of money, Kit, why couldn't you have given your sister what she wanted ? I'd have waited gladly." It was on the tip of Kit's tongue to tell ' the tale of the hair, only Madge had hound him over to keep the peace, fearing his friend's refusal to take the money so earned. Thus Kit could but shrug his shoulders, and say, somewhat enigmati cally, " I tell you what it is, Tom, I don't know about intellectual equality and all that tall talk ; but as .to the moral line, they beat us all to bits, and no mistake !" And so the friends parted. Poor Kit! he had never felt so aBhamed of himself in his short life before. It seemed to put his easy-going self-indulg ence and carelessness about money affairs in quite a new light. He called himself a great many ugly names in private, and wore a defiant, aggrieved air in public for some days. At last, on Christmas Eve, he could stand it no longer, and startled Madge with the exclamation : " I say, Madge, it's more than a fellow can stand ; 1^ wouldn't have come home this vac., if I d known how horrid it would be. I'm not going to keep the peace any longer. So you must let me off. I shall tell the governor first, and Tom after. A fellow can't go through Christmas with a thing like this on his mind 3" " Very well, Kit, only don't let Tom 211 Silc6 ® fuss &bout; the money. Now my hair's gone, it would be too bad to have lost it in vain." "You won't have done that, Madge anyhow," said Kit, in a choky voice. You ve made me see myself in my right colours at last. I had no idea before what a selfish villain T was." Madge smiled brightly up into the do lorous face above her, saying, " You are our own dear old Kit 3 of whom we shall all be proud some day, I know." And so, with lightened hearts, the two separated—Kit to repair to his father's study, there to make his contrite confes sion, and explain Madge's sacrifice; Madge to lay out the two pounds Kit had returned to her, on buns and presents for the school-children's feast, which was to take place on this Christmas Eve. The oak-panelled parlour before de scribed was to be the scene of the festivi ties, where forty boys and girls were to he regaled first, and entertaiued after by a Christmas-tree aud magic-lantern; the former to be presided over by Madge and Mary Helston, the latter to be managed by Kit and Tom. ° The girls had been pricking their fingers over holly decorations, and making their armB ache with decking the tree during a R°°d part of the afternoon, with only Neliie and Bob, and little Clare, as their helpers or hinderers. The last thing was to hang the mistletoe, and that was quite beyond their powers. '"ish Tom were here," sighed Mary. He used to be so ready to help in this sort of thing. But when I asked him to come with me to-day, he looked quite glum, and said he had other things to at tend to. So tiresome, too, for I know he's °n ymoPl»S about at home, and worrying mother with his dismals." « *P'S S°ne ont said Nellie, before^" yS hung theffi»<tletoe 8eeiaJf^C6 °f th? reBP®ctive brothers seemed to throw a gloom over the party. The young ones missed the roUicking fun Aether generally set going. And the two girls, I think, if the truth must be told, each felt a certain amount of depression at the defection of their respective cavaliers. For poor Kit Tt- ^°° ou.t ^eart with himself this Christmas-tide to venture much into Mary s presence ; looking upon her, as he did, as a superior being to himself: one whom it was almost profanation for such a good-for-nothing spendthrift to dare to approach. Tom Helston, on the other hand, had nursed his wrath against Madge for the mercenaiy disposal of her hair. And though sore at heart over his broken idol, had yet been barely civil to her when they unavoidably met. Now Madge felt this much more than she could have believed possible. She had always felt a great interest in Tom, and in his successes at school and college. Bat she had fancied this a similar sisterly interest to that which she had taken in Kit's triumphs at cricket and football. Nor did she guess till deprived of it how precious his friendship was to her; nor how much of her own mental growth she owed to the loDg holiday letters with the ■clever, well-read Oxonian ; nor how much the tedium of school-work was cheered by the thought of how Tom Helston would expect her to be well up in this, or to cultivate her taste for that. She knew now that she had disappointed him, and felt depressed with the consciousness. The twilight was creeping on, and the spiritless workers were sitting listlessly on the chimney settees, when, with a merry peal of laughter, Kit burst into the room, laden with a great branch of glistening holly thickly besprinkled with berries, and followed more quietly by Tom with a gi gantic mistletoe-bough. " Hallo ! little ones," cried Kit, throw ing down his holly, " set to work and strip ofl" all these sprigs, while Tom and I hoist this fine fellow to the ceiling. By your leave, Miss Mary," stooping to kiss the blushing girl, as she stood admiring the pretty white berries of the bough he had suspended. Kit was himself again, and no mistake, as full of fun and frolic as the most frolic some could wish. And pretty Mary even brightened up, and the children grew up roarious. But Madge, though happy in the changed aspect of things, felt shy and ill at ease, and uncomfortably conscious of her cropped head. While Tom, generally so full of quiet humour, and so ready to respond to Kit's jokes, looked unwontedly grave for him, with a new expression on his kind, clever face, that Madge could not interpret. At last the mistletoe was hung, and all arrangements completed, half an hour be fore the time for the arrival of the guests, when Kit exclaimed: " Now for a coze round the fire, and see who can tell the most horrible of all stories!" " No, no 1" said little Clare, " I don't like Kit's stories; they're all about ghosts and ogres. Please, Mr. Tom, tell us a fairy story; I like your stories best." And the little maid climbed on his knee, and nestled her curly head against his shoulder, composing herself to a comfort able listening, with one chubby finger thrust into her mouth. I " Very well," said Tom, " I'll try. " Once upon a time there was a very beautiful princess, and she was as good as she was beautiful. Everybody praised her—some for her beauty, and some for ker goodness, and not a few for both. " She was always dressed, too, in the loveliest dresses, and wore the most daz zling jewels in the world. And the people of that country were very proud of their princess, and of all her beauty andsplendid attire. " Now it came to pass that there was a dreadful famine in one part of that land It was the people's own fault, because they had been too lazy to sow the seeds properly in the spring. But the conse quence was that women and children and even strong men were dying for want of food, and for lack of money to buy food from those that had plenty. " At last in their trouble they went to the good princess and asked her to help them. "So she emptied all her coppers and gave them every penny she had, and they I went away happy. 1 " But soon they came again in as much distress as before, for that money was all spent, and the famine was worse than ever. "Then the princess took off all her brilliant jewels and gave them to the beg gars. But the courtiers grumbled and said : * Why should our princess lose her beauty for the sake of these miserables ? There is nothing so priceless as beauty.' " Then the princess answered : ' Look on me, my-people, the fairy Selbstver leugnung (self-sacrifice) raaketh amends.' "And as they looked, they saw a fairy wand waved over their princess, and were obliged to confess that her beauty was more dazzling than before. " But again the poor people came in their tattered garments to ask for bread. Then the princess arose and took one of the poor women with her into an inner chamber, and exchanged her own gor geous attire for the tattered clothing of the poor woman, and returned again to her throne. " But when the courtiers saw what was done they were more furious still, and ex claimed : ' Shame on our princess to in sult her beauty thus. There is nothing so priceless as beauty!' " But again the fairy wand waved in the air over her bent head, and again the people confessed, ' Her beauty is more dazzling than ever !' "When next the beggars came, the courtiers jeered at them and said : " Go home, ye knaves 1 ye have spoiled our princess already. What would you have of her now V "But the princess lifted her snowy arms, and took out the pin that fastened her golden locks, till they fell, a shower of real gold, around her, and flowed over the steps of the throne to the very feet of the beggars. Then the princess called for a pair of shears and clipped them all off, and the beggars gathered up the shining gold in armfuls, and went away blessing her. " But the courtiers were furious now, and would have pursued and beaten the beggars, had not the princeBS called to them in her gracious tones, and said : "Look on me, my people, the fairy Selbstverleugnung maketh amends.' And when they turned, lo! there was the wand waving over the head of the prin cess, and her beauty was more darling than ever! " Again the beggars came in their dis tress, and now the princess was puzzled for a moment. But presently she sent for a clever dentist, who put her under laughing-gas, and drew all her pearly teeth in a twinkling by the power of steam. Each tooth was a separate pearl of great value. So the beggars went away richer than ever with their thirty-six pre cious pearls, and never came to beg of their princess any more, but bought cora, I and cropped their lands diligently, singing the praises of their beautiful princess, who had given her very hair and her teeth for them ! " But when the courtiers saw the dainty pearls fall from her ruby lips, they were mad with anger, and ran upon the beggars to kill them. " But suddenly the sweet tones of the princess checked them, as she cried: " Look on me, my people, and confess that the fairy Selbstverleugnung yet maketh amends.' So they turned and looked on her, and the courtiers had to shade their eyes with their hands, so dazzling was the brilliancy , of her beauty. " Then they exclaimed with one voice: * Hail to the fairy Selbstverleugnung ! Hail to our peerless princess! Beauty is precious for beauty's sake, but the beauty of Selbstverleugnung is beyond all price i'» "What a funny story!" said little Clare. " What does that long word j mean ?" J "It means self-sacrifice," said Tom, " and it is the name of the good fairy that makes even ugly people beautiful, and makes the lovely, lovelier far," " I'm sure the princess couldn't have looked pretty," asserted Nellie, " when all her hair was gone, and her teeth too. She must have been a worse fright even than Madge !" On hearing her own name, Madge 1 looked up from her intense gaze into the ' fire, and glanced across at Tom on the opposite settee. But as their eyes met, a 1 conscious blush passed over her fair face, | and the blue eyes drooped again under his ! earnest gaze, while little Clare added to | her confusion by exclaiming, with a sud den happy thought: j "I do believe Mr. Tom meant Madge all along, and that she is his beautiful princess 3" Upon this Madge rose, saying she must go and look out for her guests. And Tom presently followed her, and found her standing in the quaint old porch, cooling her blushing cheeks in the frosty air, and waiting for the children. " Oh ! Madge," he said in a tone of en treaty, " will' you be my own beautiful princess, and teach me through life your lesson of Selbstverleugnung ?" Madge raised her glistening blue eyes to his, and said, smiling through her tears : " Oh! Tom, how can I be that, when you know I am such a fright ?" How Tom convinced her of the con trary, it is not our mission to enquire. We only know that the considerate school children gave them time to settle the j matter there in the porch to their mntnal satisfaction, and that the said children re- < ceived a beaming welcome from the happy j pair as their reward, when at last they j made their appearance, trooping up hand in hand to the vicarage, singing a carol as they went. I Never had a happier Christmas Eve been passed under that dear old vicarage roof than was spent by the young people on this particular occasion entertaining their merry guests. And when the vicar laid his hand on Madge's head as she wished him good-night, saying, " Bless j you, my child, it was a golden deed after ' all," she felt that ,her cup at least was brim full. Some years have passed since then. Kit has taken his degree without any more failures or debts, and is helping his father as curate, the villagers respecting him none the less for being the best cricketer in all the country round. He aud his pretty wife live with her mother in the dainty cottage aforementioned. His friend Tom has led a brilliant career so far, and is looked upon as one of the most promising young banisters at the Bar. His wife's golden head is often bent with his over his work, and she is in the full sense of the word " a helpmeet" for him. 