TALES AND SKETCHES. MBS GEORGnfETS HTJSBAHD. A GH06T BIDET. T«Tfar», honey, Fo- a very old woman, and when I was young I «aa a Slav* to old Judge -7tn*enmd,overonthe Flats. Untietilinc in To* State Oho. I wu bom down in Mary land, but the Judge moved to these parts when I n irerr small, and broncbt his servants with him. We were well enough treated. Judge Qeevebnd was a hard, hign-leuipeied man, and ned to hareawfol ugly fite sometimes, bat, use moat folks of Oat kind, he could keep hit temper anal enough when it rafted htm, and be knew it was easy enough for fais servants to ran awayif-i»j- didn't lie then- tiv»lmaii. When Im eighteen I married Zset Dam, tbeeoaeh m*n,andafi»- (bat we lived mosttr in a honae of our own. We were free by tliat time, and we ImmhiIi* a niop ljoje tac-bouse and some land {bra garden, but we worked up at tie home all the suns. Hie old judge m » widower when be moved op here, bat very soon be married a pretty young lady bom the Hofaawk Valley. She was osJy eighteen, and a sweet child as ntr I aaw. 3k Judge meant to be good to ber, I guess, butsbe never seemed Terr happy. When the second littie girl was born tbe Jndge was dread fuDy-baappaiiitcd. I animate he wanted*, son, same CD ha wx& after Chat. He «as polite Co tw, eapedally before eompanv, but he had a eindof told, sneering war with her, (hat I could ate cot her to the heart. Her health finkd, and ahe went home to her father's house for a change, aad then abe died. Ha Judge aeemed a good sital eaat down by her aVath— more than I should have expected. The young ladies, Hiss Anns and Mas Georgine, stayed with tieir jtliiwliaa some yeaLs, and then they were put to school in Kew Fort And all that time ZmA and I lived in tbe old borne, to take can of it. treflj wIubu nw young f*'tfff were ^n***n um . aenateen, the Judge wrote ana told nets dean up tbe rooms, aad hare everything ready, far be was coming home. So at the time «et they came with loads of new famiture sod carpets, sod what not, aad a. Terr sin widow lady for housekeeper. She bad a son, an affieer in tbearmy, anda Tery fine man, who would wnfiopy bars supported he^ but abe prsxecred tsdofor heneK I expected to see IGss Anna tbe nvonrite. a sbe wss tbe elder, and IGas Georgine had ao dissinnriiimu' ber pa by not being a boys but I soon found out it was the other way. Miss Anna was not pretty. She looked like her ma, ?nd bid just each m quiet, cende way with her. She was atcsm of her rather, too, as ber mother HaWl been, and with 'some KUDnr—ma his was ?find of ber rater. She didn't cue much far CBIHIMUJ, LuLDjUU DQt tO sit O0WH KDu 00V 4V mo. Sum Gcofgnw was fikz ber !''***» mo 1naljustnis&Be;, boH way. I dont know that I S'** ' — T r'HiffinfT rjrrt. but for nsl graonness and truth she was no more to be compared to Has Anna than a great red woodpecker k to a Ettie sweet bluebird. She always contrind to get tbe beat of ewjUiing, and if she got into any trouble or mndiicf, abe genenuy made ber nuher believe it m» Was Anna's fiHilt When Miss Anna was about eighteen, Mrs. Gnde's son came to visit his ^-Mfn^, and ai very fine, eobes^ mce* young man he was. Evny one Eked him, especially tbe judge, who could sot make enough of turn tQl he found that tbe 4-tKtt' and Miss Aana were taking to each otfaer:tiien be began to cool o£ Captain Grade stayed at tbe tavern in the linage* and called moat every day to ass his mother, and before be left be asked the Judge for Was Anns. Then there was a tone. He Jadce went mto one of bis furious rages, ordered both motherand son out of the house, and ahut Ilka Anna up in her room. IGas Georgms was ss bad as ber other, and the way they treated that poor girl was shsTmrfnl, But IGas Aana had got her spunk up, and soe contrived'^ never knew bow^— to send word to Osntatn Gncta. A £sw days after, when the Judge was out about bis bnd, Captain Grade drove up to the door, and asked for Ma* Arms. She must have ex SreaTand with he^bae in be? band. Us- Georgina atarmed and eoolded and sent all ways £-r her lather, but nobody could £nd him, and in tact I don't Brink anybody tried. IGasAnna bade her sister a kind tareweH and got bdo tbe carnage, and that was die bat we saw of her tor many a year. ^Sxtf were nurned that nsrnir dayintbe cftv, and went away wbenver his ? ?^iiimiiiI was. Cbptain Gracis seat hsrtatber las address snd a copy of his uiaujage lines, but tse Jndge never took any notice; only he banded me tbe paper and told me to pack up her dotbas and tfcinge and send them tcber. I dor/t au|jove of runaway «***rfc— ss a general thing, tat Ican't asy I blamed IGat Anna one bit. Abont tbis time Judge -ThainImii1 tonnd oct ttst he needed a clerk, or secretary as he called it, so be sent for Mr. Bogardns, aconria of his wife's, to come and bn in his house and attend, to ma bosmssk Mr. Bogsxdna was a fine, handsome man, about thirty, very grave aad sober; bnt wirti lnsinliTiil uisiiuiiis s real fine gnniemsn. The Judge made much of him in hsi pompous condcacendrng way. IGss Georgme began by being very cold and seamfid, but abe soon changed her tone when she found ber cousin did not take any particular notice of it or of her, and began to be very poOii to him. He bad. fine nice, and played beautifully on tfeeviofin, andsbecaed to ask him to ring and play with ber. eapedally when they bad company; but h« almost always eraaed km salf and would oSmatayintbeHbrsry tfflmil ing^wrJinaiartaadmc. He.amad4iaa.Dsrt '— '. -J v-tw~— --u ..IJi,TTJ r-jthnai fatonseU He was one of the mbeky onri pnorssuow. But the man lfr. Bagarans kept oat of in tbe room and abe bad nine t£ them aroond ber,ahediaVt osre anything about rttfll aba got the tenth. She always bad plenty of sweet hearts, bring rachs. beauty end a great henas beciees. lb Bogardns resisted a good whne, but hf- mCAij I saw a_ change. He began to herevenines, and anmrtiin-s to go out riding and walking with her. Miss Georgme was altered too* I newer saw her so genus and so — 'lovable?' yea, thsfs just tbe word, my dear! sa abe wsa that summer; and I tbiok's to mraeU; 'My besnty. you're eiughs at last, batlsrooder what your tstbar wiU say.' For you see be looked on lb. 3ogardns only as a kind of upper servant, lor all he was Cleanlsnd- Tbe Judge diin't seem to notion it for at while, but by-and-by I thmk be gat his eyes open. He went down to Sew York tor a week or two, and when be came) back, he called lb Bogardns with agenttaian who wasgoing out to Brazil to set up some kind of naantactures, — a place of great trust, and where be would make a pleased. He was always ready to take op any new wirrfinw, and be thought be should mskr himself rich directly. BatUns Oeorgme bad a bad headache that day, end she wasn't well for a week afterward. Bie very day Mr Bogmrdn. left, I was atttzug in my own door, and as I knked npIsawlCss Oeorgine mDang across the field toward my house. I was rather surprised, for she wasn't food of waiting, and almost rode ber pony wbenver die wanted, to go. Sbc walked, in a near, I saw abe looked very pale. I got out the rocking-chair Jbr her, and made mneh of her, but she sat down on a little stool and put her beautiful bead in my bp, as her poor mother had done many a tune, and says she, bursting out cryinE :— 'Oh.Amt'Dony! Kybnaband'e gonef* Honey, vou might have smcfcsa sue down with a'feather. I couldn't think what ahe meant at first, snd thought abe bad got light headed uoni '*in% ont in toA mn- = CbiH!'s»ysI,'youdan't know what you Teat do— too wellr says she; and then she told me between her sobi that she and Mr. Bogsrdus bad been privately «*?—«—* white her tatfaer was away, tbe day they went down to the city tegetnor, and that she meant to keep it quiet tin Bogardns made hia tbrtone. 'I never meant to tell anybody,' says she, 'but. Aunt Dolly, I eos&Zrtbear; it all alone, and I knew I eould trust TO.' Well, I eould have warned she bad chosen some one efee, but I trial to comfort her as well asleould. Presently I slid, -Ah, eMd, yoa can feel tor your poor sister now !' 'That was very drserent!' aays she, IHting op ber had at prood as could be; 'I haven't diapaced myself s. Anna did. 3k-hnsnsndis a grntlernan — notm servant's saaU' Wben she aid that, Hjsa Bsssy, tknew she ?ud imitf yet to tusci« Bays X, ' IGss Georgme, I shall never betray yon, you may be sun, but you ought to teU your pa. Suppose be finds it out; whstwDlhc say, and what will yon do?* '.'He won't find it oat!* says abe, 'and if he does, I shall know what to do.' But then she put bar head down on my bp again, aad on, bow she did cry'. I coolant bat pity her, though she showed such a wrong spirit; and I tried to tell her of a better comfort than urine, but she wooldnt hear sword of that. 8be maVt want sny cant, she eaid. By-and-by I made ber some tea and eosxed her to dans' it sad to ft a litUe, snd when the sun got low, I walked home with her. She was always gentler with me a&er; thsx^ and whenever she got a tpn«i ft— » a» Bogardra she would come and tzD me about it, I was on thorns for awhile, and watched her as a cat watches a mouse; but everything went as usual, and nobody bnt our two selves knew or mistrusted anything about tbe matter. IGss Georcme got her letters pretty regular for shoot six months and then they stopped, aad she never bad »mrtfr*r. At first she pined a gori descend I was abati abe was going into a decline, but presently Z saw a change. Her old proud self came back, only barrier and colder than before. She was handsomer than ever, and more £md of company and —im.'i-ri^ One day I ventured to ask her if she bad heard any mure of Mr. Bogardcs. Oh bow ho eyes flashed as she said, 'SeTer ?*****&** gag man's name to vie again! He has shamed and deserted me r says -Ton dont know that,' aays I; 'he may be dead.'1 ??He isn't dead!' she answered. 'My father beard be was married to a rich Bpamsb widow up at tbe mines.** ?Idont bdive it !'ssys I baldly. 'B isn't a bit like him.' For you see I had come to bow him pretty weiL I bad nursed him in ma sick turns, of which he had a good many, snd though I oWt approve of the secret marrisee, I luted him and fait fike standing up ibThhn? «!'gi!»«rm«nlj»ihItmi^1Hffmr,|cl{- JJaHj^ says she, and 1 didnt for alone time, till tbe day cams that I had to do it. Well, tbe time went on. year afier year, in much the ssme way. Our feOs spent the sum mers author own estate, and the winters in New York orst (be Sooth wni tbe Judge's tunny, spending a deal of money and seeing a deal of fine company. It was nine yesrstbst very spring since Mr. Bogardns went away, when, aft* they bad been borne a couple of days, Una Qeorgine rode over to see me. Sa) brought me s fine sjown snd some other thjnes tronxTewTork.and atVer she fasd shown Oera tome, s*js she, speakmg proud and caitilrss Eke— -AnntDoUy, tamnt you to come up to tbe bonae next weekv to tasfoa my vreddmg eske end faspfaosise a wnae, because Inn |oing to be ?sGssBsssy,IeosJdB^bsSos«aiyesni;and asy. I, -MS- GeaBjsac. IoWt laaVsjalaawB rndBsrsSBl yoomm 'Ion ansgrowbig stnpid, Dolly r eays she pettishly. -Tm going to be married to Mr. FrangUringstone, and I want you to make tbe I don't know what mads me, but 1 spoke right out. -Jfr»Boy»nJ«..'eaysI,1'haveyou told toot pa and Mr. Isvingstone about your first msmage?' ** How dare you call me by that name?' aays sbe, and ber eyas tairly bbisd. - Ho, I have not told them and I shall not. Em can, if you chooser says she. ' How much do you mean to ask me as tbe price of keeping Useaeaet I wss foal enough to tsU?' Then Iflsmd op. 'Mrs BaesrdW asm I, 'there's the door. Hesse walk oat of it, and Qflitt tmit/fi idBalfais^ % woman id berr own home that thinks as much of herself as yon do, if she b black! B«bsfa what you think of toe, yon may get some one else to make your cake!' asysX. VeH, sbe saw abe had gone too tsr. Like her tsther, sbe conld eommand ber temuei well enough when die »*»**?»_ and she knew she cooldnt get any one to make such eske as mine, ifebe went down on ber knees to them. Besides, I knew an tbe ways of tbe house, and they couldn't do without me. So she earns down and said she was sorry, and abe did not mean anything, and eo on, till she coaxed meimnd, and I promised to do all ahe srsnted. 'Botif it was the bet word I ever spoke, I do say you ought to tell Mr Uvmgatone.*1 says L -WbatifMr-Bogarins should come bsck aomeday?' ^ I knew I was doing right, but I bit tarry tor herwheo I aaw now pale sbe tamed. 'Thst unhappy man is dead long ago,' says abe, ' and, if be were not, it is nearly nine years sinoe I beard from him, and that as enough tordesse me. But youll be gbd to bear.** says she, -that I bsso coaxed my lather to write to sister Anna, and ask her and ber son to the wedding. You know sbe ns widow now, and there is no nse in keeping op the quarrel any longer.' So then I spued to make tbe eaka, and keep honse for her father while efae wss away. They wen ccming back to spend tbe summer at borne. But I didn't fed happy. I knew she was doing wrong, and chat barm would come of it. 3*oe wedding went off nicely. Iblningstone was a fine, handsome man, a good deal older than IGss Georgme. He looked good and sensible, and it vac easy to see that be findy worshipped his wifc. My heart ached tor bo* of them, because Iknew ss tilings were they never could be bappy. Too sect CdtenreMr. BoprAawssn'tdead. Xbe bride and bridegroom came home afier a month and settled down with as for tbe summer, end tbe day sbe eune borne I noticed a seared loot in Idea QsmzuM's ⅇ tint leeter saw there -before. That mgbt t wss sitting in my own honse (and gbd enough I was to get back to a), when some one knocked soffly at tbe door. Zaek opened it, and the minute be did ao Toe cried out, 'lonT a'mensy!' I jumped up, ma then I thought surdy I saw a ghost, bnt I didn't. It was Mr. Bogsrdns himself, but, oh, howtbin andpsk,and with bis bssntmd hair white as ° Will you take me in, Dolly?' says he. «I am sick to death, old triend, and I bare come to die with you.' In a Tirinntw all tbe consequences rushed on my mind, bnt I couldn't help that. We took him and put him to bed m our best room ; and as soon as tbe light fcU on his face, I saw it was meitod for death. I sat up with rnm all night. He didn't sLsep tnimh, and arfrnf^ to want to talk, and I knew it could not mskemueh dif Jenn^ so I'M Urn Jean Iris way. He told me he had written home by every msfl tor more thanayear after be stopped getting any letters in return. From sll I could make out he bsd gone onjuat in ms old way, trying first one thing and then another, always thinking be was just going to make a great fortune. 'But I never was -'fcMrf-i to Qeorgine, not for a momrot,' said he. ' I always lored her, and I never distrusted ber. When my health failed, and I knew I must du, I fat I must see Gsorginsonoe more. I landed in New Tork,»iiiisherel heard sbe was maraoiund saw ber wftinc wift ber bnsbaad. And then be begged me to ask Hiss Georgme to come and eee him H only for a moment, before be died. ' I wnj never betray ber !' said he. ' Bo one will thmk it strange that abe should come to tee me. But oh, mammy'— be need to eaQ me mammy— « I can't lean the world till I eee ber once more.' The next morning at breeknust-tune I went up to tbe boose, and told the Jodge and Has Georgia' that Mr. Bogsrdus was at my boose; that he hadn't many hours to live, and would come sod see him. 'Foot young man, is he so low f' says tbe Jsjd ??He should nave come to ns; but he was sJwaystondofyou,Douy. I will certainly come over, aad yon most tab anything be needs tmm tbebonse.' And then he trans to tnsdasgbter snd saya, « Ton will go to see your poor cousin, Georgme P' 'Why, no. I think not,' saya she, pouring ontberogSeeas unconcerned as could be. *-f never took any special interest in ynor dark, papa, and I mm sot fond of doiefoj scneTl deafttnmkl eould endure to be in the house wafc a dying person.' Iwssotgoinr, ubepntcaTIiketbat,Iibl towsd bar to bar room, andsays I to ber, « Mrs. Innayatone, wbat answer am I to carry to that ojmgmanrT' 'Tell mm I wffl not an him «' saH sbe. speakmgbaro^anaslow. 'He n nothing tome, ?Won't you send him your forgiveness f' I asked her. «goratieen»driia»iiiislily. 'I win never fonve him— never. SHI lam tint, if you 'MnkUvin«stone,'ssid I, 'youwfflbrios: downtbeJodgSe^Heavion^hlid? And witfatbatl left her. I wasn't atraid of bar. Itwssbardtogo UdtoMr. BoprdoswnJi siicfaa message, bnt be would have me tsUhSm herverywonfa. He grosnvid, and wsssaentfor a tew sainutss, and tben esys be— «DoB-.te!I ber abe atttQ sjee me, »liveor deadr And then he tainted, and! bad mod work to bring him to. I*terinti«diy, Judge OeaveUnd and Mr. liringstone came down. He minute they wen cone Mr. Bueardaa —- bmted onee more. I thought be wouloTnever f breathe again, bat he did. and seemed to St brifhtennpa good deaL Zacktbougfatbevaa better, but I didn't. I bad asm a» menv people die not not to know the bgntiar np for death. About midnight, when we wenTbath sitting by him, be asked to be raised up and have hisbesdlsidonmy bnsst. and then be asked Zsck to get him same fresh water tromtfae spring. When -we were akwe together, be looked npin my iaee and says be : — 'Mammy, tdl Georgbie that I have never bean unsnthfol to ber, and I shall be tsitbml stiD. Bbe must see me, alive or dead.' fisjsI.'O, Kr, BogszoiavmydeBrboy.jou mnato't bear matin now*' -I dont!' said be. 'I told Kvingstooe truejrbenlaaHthatan bitterness wss washed away. But it is borne toon my mind that, for her own sake, sine or dead, georgme tent sac me, and you most teU ber so. WBlyoo?' 'IwDl!'aaysL I never anatrusted flat he meant anythmg bat that abe should come and look at mm after be ares dead. mat's all!' said be. 'Ess m^ mammy. You've been more like a motber to me than any woman was befins, and yoo tfoot loose by it, I Bien I kissed bin., snd be just bid Ins bead on ray onset and with one mgi he was cose am mind me, Mis* Bessy, booey! Ton seel loved him desdy, with all bis faults, and dying on my breast and all . . . We bid him out, Zsck and I. and though Ttm done (be same fin- many a one, I never saw a sweeter emus on the fine of man, woman, or chad, than neted -u ha. Aa soon aa it was time in the morning, I went np to the boose and told them as they sat at Ixtaafist. 'So he is cone, poor eonl!' says the judge, wiping bis eyes. 'Take no trouble about die tuner*!, Dolly ; I win arrange it sfl.' * :, * **? B'gardos wss boned next «hy tram the church, toe weather being warm ami our bouse small. The next morning Jodge Oaavessnd and Mr. Isnngstone went down to the city to eomeean Tention, expecting to be gone a week. ?Oat very day the nook lbej had brought from Saw To* took oftence at aenwtbing, and abe and tbe other woman packed up and went over to tbe village. Leaving Uiss Georgme alone. Bo sbe sent down to ask if Zick, and r would come up ana stay, because ahe was etpeetingcompaDj; spate went, of coarse. I found everythb^st sixes and sevens— no cake in the house & to look at, all the smmner fiuit spoiling to be done up, and so on. I sent for my niece Cau*lirje to ome and help, and we eon got things in order. 5be seeand mgfat, I sent Zaek and CarTineoff tobed, and nt np till bte, attending to asms plum csb T bad m the great oven. It was a fancyofmuiewrienlhads^spedslbsking,to do it late in tbe evening, when Ihad tbetitehen to myadf. Well, I got my eske done to my tikmg— Ilita. knew wbsr kind of party r was bakiBg for— and then I tbongbt I wouU take a look througb the house and see that all ana right, as I used to do when I lived there before. Xbe boose wss an odd one in its shape. A long, wide ball x*n through the fioot part When it got to th* back it tamed insntTsB they say now, and wast on to a aide door, and in this side ball wen the stairs. At tbe top of Omnn-IDmampm'.tmnrom,madmttiu foot a door leading by a passage to tbe kilcben. Ha3f-wayfrom thia door to tbe font was the fibcary door, wili a narrow glass window over it. I bad opened tbe passage door, and bad jut turned down the lamp tost always burned at the foot of the stain, whan I aaw that there wasa light in the library. Hunks I, « What in tbe world is Miss Geofeme dobs in (be Irbrarvat thai bins of night?- Before I eouU^ove I beard some one's band on the lock, and stood stfjto.ee who it should be. ^ mensnes ^of Mr. Bagardu, just as he used to look when he was a yonac man snd srarked in rjatf librsry for JudgT&ea;^ad. T^u' scared, that I know of, but I couldn't move. He cams stnugbt toward me, but didnt took at me, and psasiag sa dose to me as I am to van. toj-^mSer Mq the stair, to ib GeorWe mom. When be reached it, be tnmed and looked at me, holding np hia band mawarnme kind of way, and then he opened the door and went in. I couldn't go np etaira— sometbinc held see back, I sat down on the bottom stair and batenedfor a ion* time, but X didnt hears. ?'T^Jr*'**? jf, crept asiay to bed, my teeth rhsttmngasiflhsdanagnefit. The next morning I was in tnedmmg-ioom when Miss Georpne came down. Crjad, I afaonldn't ham known her! She was^aT. ?Ae^only with a purple spot in each ekeek, snd her face wss sll drawn and sttnken. Sbe looted Unity yean older than when abe want -Itawaliasdaebe, bat tbe sJTwfll drive it osT,' says At, proud to the bst. «I think, DoUy. that as our tewnds bsve written tonut Uvmgstoc&I; needs, KWe change, and I sup p«e job. mot nund staying ben . tm -Syr witt Cariine for coBmany/am aha. 'yS ' mWt be s&sid; wirbont yiaTtadajnd, taW yonP' OinaJt^git., bMIIaJ^iSnfsE. ttringstra^Fmafi^ you ain't well for eoehe. kaeghrleeJlbTToarseU.' aha jsstlaiigfaed that ?OAiamnjnnlt DoUjr eayasbe. 'Ibe»e oaljsibeeneebB, bat too know tint ?taqiBdanlailflHr. it will be gone inn bom.' I didn't tar enj mom, but I new better. Ob taeetepsebe turned bnnl faejdontber 'flood-by, Dolly,' said die Too'*eslw*j* bam good to me, and Fm afraid I bam same troea been wows to you ; but dotft reiwiiilm it Child. I m« always glad (he said Out. I watched die carriage away, ami then I mat back to her room and pot it all ionics order withmvowiibandi. Imifollrfamiety.and I BBptnjadf aa hatj a- 1 eoold. Zaek didn't come lack the next day. nor the next j but the morning of tbe fourth day CsrTine looked out ofche window when aba got op, and says aba, ' Annt Dolly, Unde ZaeVa coming on borse brakaabardaslM can drive. Something must hare happened T *— *'''p had happened, aun enough. Zeek bad been riding ainea midnight, and be conldbardly apeak, be was aotirad; bntatlaat, be sot it oat. Xa Oeorgine, bad dud in a fit the night before, and toe body was to be brought borne that day. 'What time did ahe die?' I asked pre 'It was just half-past deran when abe took the firat fit,' aaid he; -and she died at the aamebonr last night.' Tbenlfcoew. Wdl. they brought bar home in ha- coffin and Jaid her in the font parlour, and when all was done, I went to the Judge and told trim I waa going to watch myedf, and nohody elae would be needed. Sou eee. I didn't know what might happen, and I didn't wantatoriea going all pnr the country. I told Zaek be naght take a blanket and He down on the aob in the back parlour, and I would ah up. Ahoat half-pest clems, X went into the room where the eorpaa lay. I bad hair a mind to call Zaek to go with me, but I knew how tired be sat, and % let torn deep. Then is % shaded lamp in fte room, and I had a candle in my band that I aet down on a table sear by, and atood a few minntea leaking: at her. She nn't a pleasant corpse to look at. Those Bane purple spots wen on bee i'im»s«, and a dark frown on her forehead; bat the want was that her «je» wouldn't atay ahnt Iliad tried erery way to doae them, and (he doctor had tried, but they wouldn't etayahot! I tamed sway and went to tin window, when aomethmbl don't know what, made me look found. 31ienleawbimfbr4heeeeondthneaaw Mr. Bogardue losing into hia wife'e coffin, with jut the uk aid, tweet amue that M on hie ieue when tie bade me goodbye. Aatatood looking — Car I had no power to more — the ap paanmee etoaped down and aeemed to kin the ratpeB, end then 'rtTamshod »way, and I saw it no more. . I was like one tuned to abme for a. few minntea. Wben Icame to mjudf, MawBesty, there waa a change! Ber a/a were dart— closed aa naturally aa a sleeping babe's with her long curled laabee meting on her cheeks. The ugly purple spots lad laded May , the fine vat utaBne marble, and' tie pale Ipia had a meek, rpeaeenl loot, each as I Earl amt aeen them wear since the day« that eheand UcBogardna '5»?i all the atory. Poor IGaa fleorgine waabnnad next day, aloqgaide the only man ?been* really Lond. I ean't tat hope it we. wefl with both of them, poor mdaeky duidren. -D» doctor, be talked learnedly about contrac tion of nraades and what not, but doctor. don,t know tierjilliiug, and be hadn't aeenwbail bad. Hy own opinion is fnatabewaan't five to CO till it was made op, and that Ihey made it up then.— .Cavy EUn. 0aenu», ta OtAOatHc 