' LOED LYTTELTON'S flHOST. . .!*, his 5' Tales of Our Great Familiesj" „tiow i: publishing, Mr Edward Walfoiid •'jp^es.,ver^icins of the Lord Lyittelton from original papers which t^Mt^sfccsry, tare been .Mndly placed at my disposal himsel£ Hie 'first of these papers is "a meinonadunTin'thc handwriting of William 'the first- Lc>rd.Ly±teltqn of the, new creation (grandfather of the present ; peer), indorsed, ''-Remarkable Dream j and Circumstonces Attending the Death -^Thoilaais Krd Lyttelfon " - Novem- K'ijDer,117!j9iiTliomas Lord Lyttelton, when .he came to. V>reakfast, decletted to Mrs Esq., ' "of toe'W^dom of .Ireland,'and to the ^ii^rrie'.-^IdOTM; • Amphlett^ i who -i v " j; lo3fed • in ' his • house in Hill-str v"' - ^ also was), that j ; - the : ii«id. ho thought he in a rooDij ; -iii^o which- flew a -biixl, which sppeaxance suddenly changed into that of a woman dressed in white, who bade mm prepare "to die; to which he. answered, hope^not soon, not in two months.' She replied, 'Yes, in three days.' He said he did mot much regard it, because he could" "in some measure account for it; for that a few days ' bfefore he" h'ad^ been with Mrs Dawson when a robin redbreast flew into her room. When he had dressed himself that day to go to the House of Lords, he said he thought he_did not look as if he was likely to die. In the evening of the following day, being Friday, he told the eldest Miss Amphlett that she looked melancholy. ' But,' said he, 'you are foolish and fearful I have lived two days, and, God willing, I will live out the third.' On the morning' of Saturday he told the same ladies that lie was very well, and believed he should ' bilk the ghost.' Some hours afterwards lie went with them, Mr Fortescue, and Oapt Wolseley to Fit Place, at Epsom; withdrew to his bedchamber soon after 11 o'clock at night, talked cheerfully to his servant, and particularly inquired of him what care had been taken to provide good rolls" (sic) for his breakfast next morning, He stepped into bed with his waistcoat on, and" as his servant "was pulling it off, he put his hand to his side, sank back, and immediately expired without a groan. He ate a good dinner after ,hia arrival at Pit Place that day, and took an egg for his supper. It (he 3) did not seem to "be at all out . of order, except that, while he . was eating his. soup at dinner he had a rising in his throat—a thing which had often happened to him before, and which obliged him - to spit some of it out His physician, Dr Fothergill, told me that Lord Lyttelton, in the summer preceding, had a bad pain in his side, and he judged that some great yessel in the part where he had felt the pain gave way, and to that he conjectured his death was owing. His declaration of his dream, and his expressions above-mentioned, consequent thereunto, were, upon a dose inquiry, asserted to me to have been so by Mrs Flood, the eldest Miss Amphlett, Oapt Wolsely, and his valet' de chambve, Faulkner, who dressed him on the Thursday; and the manner of his death was related to me by William Stuckey, in the presence of Mr Fortescue and Capt Wolsely—Stuckey hieing the servant who attended him in his bedchamber, and in whose arms he died." This narrative is signed " Wescote" —an Irish' title which the writer bore before -being raised to : the English barony of Lyttelton in February, 1780. Mr R Plumer Ward, in his " Illustrations of Human Life " (vol L,p, 166), treats at considerable length of this strange occurrence. Giving to a friend an account ; of Lord Lyttelton's appearance • to Mr Miles Peter Andrews, formerly M.P. for Bewdley, in Worcestershire, he .writes :— " I had often heard and read much about Lord Lyttelton's seeing a ghost l^f<Mjhisjieatbr : a2idalso-of-MBiself--ap-. pearing as a ghost to Mr Andrews; and so one evening, while sitting next to that gentleman during a pause in the debates of the House of Commons, "I ventured to ask him what truth there was in the story so confidently related. Mr Andrews, as . perhaps I ought to have expected,, did not much like the conversation j he looked . quite grave and uneasy, and I asked his pardon for my impetinent curiosity. Upon, this he said, very .good naturedly, 'It is not a subject that I am fond of, especially in such a place as this; but if you will come and dine with me I will tell you what of it is true and what false.' I gladly accepted the proposal; and I think that my recollection is perfect as to the following narrative :— 1 In his youth Mr Andrews was the boon companion, not to say fellow rake, of Lord Lyttelton,. who, as is well known, was a man distinguishedat once for' his abilities and for a profligacy of: morals "which few could equal With; all this, he was remarkable for what; may be called unusual cowardice in one so deiterminedly wicked. He never really repented, arid yet he never could quite stifle his conscience. He .never would allow, yet he never could deny, a world to come ; and he contemplated with unceasing terror what would'pror bably be his own state in such a world> if there was one. He was always either melancholy with_ fear or else mad in defiance ; and probably his principal misery here.lay.in the fact that, with all his endeavours he never could extinguish the dread of a hereafter. He came down to breakfast pale with the agony he had suffered in a dream which at first he would not reveal. - It turned out that he thought that for his sin» he was enclosed in a globe of iron, of the, dimensions of the earth, and heated red-hot. At that time all the world was execrating Mrs Brownrigg, who was hanged for whipping to death/one.of her apprentices, a .little girl. ' Lord Lyttelton had the greatest hatred -and horror of her name.; - 'and, to aggravate his punishment, he thought that this, wretch was shut' np with himself in the globe of .hot iron.. An imagination so strong could not-but; be active, inquiring,-and restless 3 and all this added to hia fears made him. harp incessantly . on the question of a fnture life. Be nsed often to discuss this point with his friend Andrews, to whom, he at last said,' ' Well, if I die first, and am allownd, I, will come and inform you.' This was bat a little before his death, 'That death was attended with so many mysterious; reports,, of ghosts, : -warnings^ and prophecies, and most of them anch entireinventions, that I shall npt trouble the company with them, but ^hasten on to Mr Andrew's part of the story. 1 But.' asked one of the ladies, * when yon say most of them,"do jon mean'.that any one of them', .wita , well-founded3' . 1 can only tell you what I .learned from Mr Andrews, who, I feel sn're, is good authority. It is tir,u^ . 'that " thft; ;night b«fore Lord Lytjleton died a.fiutUr^ng of a bird war, heard, and perhaps-a bird wniB Eeen on -hiB wiridow cnrtains. It is not" true that Mrs Humphreyi', or nny other departeid lady whotii he had' seduced, appeared to. him and warned. Mm of hia It it true that lie himself thought-that he: was to die at "a given.hbnr, and that thVciock was Jmt on in order to deceive him into coiufort. It is also true that he was found dead in bed with his watch in his'hand", but a few minutes after llie Lime which he had mentioned as destined to be his last. But it is equally true that on an; great and sudden agitation he was subject to a Bweiliag of the throat, which, without immediate assistance, might have killed him by strangulation. However, the coincidence of the event "with the prophrcy was at any rate most, remarkable. Andrews was at his house at Dartlord, in Kent,, when Lord Lyltle-_ ton died at -Pit Place, Epsom, thirty miles off. Andrews's house, was full of company, and he expected Lord Lyttelton, whom he had left in his usual health, to join them the next day, which was Sunday. Andrews himself,- feeling somewhat indisposed on that Saturday evening, retired early to bed, - requeeting Mrs Pigou, one of his guests, to do the honours of the srippe'r-table for him. When in bed he fell into a sound slee', but was waked between 11 and 12 o'clock by somebody opening his curtains It was Lord Lyttelton in a nightgown and cap,; which Andrews recognised. He also spoke plainly to him, saying that he was come to tell him that 'all was over.' It' was commonly reported that he informed him that there was another world, and bade him repent, etc.; but this was not true. ' I confine myself,' he adds,' to the exact words of the narrative 1 .' It seems that Lord Lyttelton was fond of horse play, or whit the French call mauvaise plaisanterie; and, as he had often made Andrews the "subject of it,, the latter had threatened his lordship with manual chastisement the very next time that it should occur. On the present occasion, thinking that the annoyance was being renewed, he threw at Lord Lyttelton's head the first things that he could find, which were his slippers. The figure retreated towards a dressing-room, which had no ingress or egress, except through the bedchamber, and Andrews, very angry, leaped out of bed in order to follow it into the dressirig-Toom. It was not there, however. Surprised and amazed, he returned at once into the bedroom, which 1 he strictly "searched. The door was locked on the inside; yet no Lord Lyttelton was to be found. He was astonished, but not alarmed, so convinced was he that it was only-a trick of Lord L., who, he supposed, must have arrived, according to his engagement, but after he (Mr Andrews) had gone to bed. He therefore rang for his servant, and asked if Lord Lyttelton was not come. The man said, ' No, sir.' ' You may depend upon it,' he replied, out of humour, 'that lie is somewhere -in the house; he was here just now, and he is playing some trick or other.' But how he -could have got into the bedroom "with the door locked fairly puzzled both master and man. Convinced, however, that- he was still somewhere in the house, Mr. Andrews, in his anger, ordered that no bed should-be given, saying to him ihat ^ieTliigiit 'go-to a-a inn or sleep in the stables. Be this, however, as it may, he never appeared again, arid Mr. Andrews went off to. sleep. It happened that Mrs. Pigou was engaged to go to town early the next morning. What was her astonishment—having heard the disturbance of the night before—to learn on her arrival; about 9 o'clock that Lord Ly ttelton had died the very night that he was snpposed to have been seen at Dartford. She immediately sent an express to Dartford "with the news, upon the receipt of which Mr. Andrews, who was then quite well, swooned away. He could not understand the affair; but it had a most serious effect upon his health, bo that, to use his own expression, he was not hitnself or a man again for:three years. ' Such/- adds Mr. Plumer Ward, ' is this celebrated story, stripped of its ornaments; and exaggerations; arid I for one own—if not convinced that this was a real message from Heaven, which certainly I am not—that I at least think the hand of' Providence was seen in it, working upon the imagination, if you please, and therefore suspendiiig _ti.o law of nature—though, after all, that is an ambiguous term—-but still Providence iri a character not to be mistaken." Gondagai Land Office.—The following selections were taken up at the Gundagai Jaad.office on Thursday last;—0 iWa'i John Webb 60s, Jindalee; Thomas W. New 40a, do; John Fitzgerald 280a, Kimo;' John Loiterton 40a, Jindalee; Michael Deegari 100a, do; James Nicholas60a, Ellerslie. • The Murray Eleotion." — Mr Robert Barbonris;we:(Pastorsl~Times)"are"told.'gone to Sydney to prosecute a -petition against "Mr .Hay's return for the Murray district, on .the ground of bribery and corruption in the late election. Mr.;Barbt>nr grounds his application on alleged treating of electors by Mr Hay at Jerilderie and other, places, in- the electorate" There is "no.specific charge of treating any one: that we . know of, but the gravamen of the accusation is for keeping "open house" at Mr M'PongaU'a Inn at Jerilderie. Road Metal j-o'r S*jia.—In a ratherlong letter to the..Herald Mr Holt..ipqjiires whether road metal could noi be uaed suC' cessfully for the banks of dainB,' and expresses hii. opinion. that' it "would form a soiid inipervioas mass. In cqUclanion he makes the fdllowing somewhat original suggestion " I respectfully submit, for the con«ideration of the! Hon. the Ministfer of Piiblic Works, whether it is"not desirable to make an experimeut, by damming a river or. creek, as a railway viaduct.' instead of a bridge !—-tha|t is, of ooone, where all the surrftunding clrenmatauoee are favourable. . .We should theti see whether whether what ii already' known about broken stones oombining together tb; •form a solid impervious mMs, .forirpads, would.not also. t in.like manner, e^yally, eom bine;tog(t)ier io form a solid impervious dan —^like.a rock. I.'do not think that anyone rwonld rejoioe more «t th« sai»eu of such, a.n experiment jthan the very able head of the Railwayi department:i-WhittoW;; who woultl, f Jeel M&fe;, not-hesitatB }tdpiclc rip ;a good idea from anyindiyiduaV however,humble:" A " CiviLEngineer " promptly extin-: guiihes the ^^good ide^'V bot gives''»ome prsotical information which jnaj; be of rise s— " Excavate for one or tiro f^tihe Jsurfaoe soil along .the line of .dam'. Along the waiterline of this cut' a layer of single, faggots mast be packed close together. with their butts to the mle^ine^ a^."We" brush-ends insidis. On thii i*j er of fagfrots must bffpl aced iither Strong aoil, msri, tough *rav«l <not washed «ra««l). or elay, nbtil the whole is cover^ j thiB must ihen ba trodden into the V fageots. Then another .layer of faggots -jnn'rt be placed on this ibW with the butti ji - ilStle-^nlayer of soil aSsin, and so«n in snoosarive lajecs uritii the required lietght is obtained, After thiB bank las consoiiilnted, *. perfectly watertight strong dam -will 4>e formed, one that will stand any wnter scour, and hu the best and the cheapest class of work eithgr fer tlie protection-of land from the encnoachtnents of rivers, or for the reclamation of land, or for the retention and storage nfwater. The faggots used at heme are made chiefly from the cuttings of thorn hedge?, but there is any amount of suitable brushwood,such *a tlie tea-tree, in every district of the colony, that would do as well.. It .should be-cut trom-the.ten:to six feet long, without large sticks, and bound together in bundles about one foot through. . I can speaVfrom experience of this class of work; and T have sever know it to fail. Banks can be built in this way to any curve or batter, -p ha^e~built thein perpendicular, and in one instnuce for 25\. feet higb, upon which has rested for the last 15 years a. wrought-irou girder bridge 40 feet span, under: which a great water acour is constantly passing. The Agnes Irving brings three ot tlie Survivors of the Helen Macg r egor; but they can give do intelligible account of the wrockl \- A deputation from the -Newcastle colliers an interview.withthe Minister, jtnd urged that the ventilation of mines should be made compulsory. A pastoral staff has been presented to the Soman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. A iran named Dunlay has been^arreated-in Yass for horse stealing. The entrances for the Maitland Show are more numerous than in former years.- From Queensland we learn that leave has been granted (with the usual reservations) to appeal to the Privy Council in. several ejectmeut cases on the Darling Downs. O'Ferrall's trial is postponed to next sittings. At Grenfell a meeting has been held and resolutions unanimously adopted tomemoria)- ise the Government for the establishment of a Court of Quarter Sessions. : Professor Halford has received £500 from the Victorian Government for the purpose of making experiments withsoake-bite reinedies. The cicket match, Tasmania v. Bendigo,- was won by the former in one iniiitigs, e n'ith 15 runs .to spare. The Hon. S. B. Hastings, head of the Good Templars Society, has arrived' in Melbourne from New Zealand.. * New Government buildings liave been commenced at Wellington, If. Z. Tbe rnoa deception has been revived" in New Zealand. Letters received by the mail state that- Mr B. C. Aspinall has quite recovered. Henry, Robinson, an old colonist of South Australia, is dead. The South Australian Parliament will meet early in May. Tba Rev. Alfred Penny, the new Bishop of Melanesia, is a passenger on board the stumship Great Britian. At the Ballarst Steeplechase Meeting, the Hurdle fiace was won by W: F., Hans Breitman 2, Bobin 3. There were no other starters. ! The race was won by about a length.' The Autumn'Handicap: Dane 1, Break o' Day 2. Bory O'More 3 ; only the three started. The Hunters'Race : Jacob 1, Revolver 2. Seven started. Selling Steeplechase: Baronet 1, Grasshopper 2. > The report of the Mining Commissioner of New Caledonia states that at the Balade mine 150^000 tons of rich copper ore are already in view. The overland line north of Daly Waters is interrupted. The Graud Cross Order of the Bath has been offered to Carlyle, and Tennyson is to be made a baronet. News from Madrid is that King Alfonso has assumed the command of the Army of the North. - The merchants of Madrid have presanted a beautiful crown to Alfonso.. The wife of the late Emperor of China committed auicide. 