Northern Territory Times. Palmerston: Saturday, Dec. 11, 1875. We publish in this week’s issue the report of the interview between Mr. Joshua Jones, late Chairman of the District Council, and the Minister for the Northern Territory. At last the dust has been stirred up a little in Adelaide with reference to the wants of the settlement, and by one who very often took upon himself the onus, but with very indifferent success, to eradicate some of the evils of the place whilst up here. We believe Mr. Jones was anxious to do good, but he has a very ill way of going about it. Wherever that gentleman has had a hand in any business, most other people have kept clear of it altogether. We do not recollect, nor can we find any record, of any meeting, public or private, at which Mr. Jones was requested to take the affairs of the Territory in hand when he got to Adelaide. We do not believe that half a dozen people in the whole place could be found to support such a proceeding; and great has been the surprise here at the statements made in the Adelaide daily papers, that he had been deputed to represent the views of the people of this settlement. Had we not been shown two or three private letters from him to residents in Palmerston, in which he states that this is a mistake on the part of the Press, we should have felt bound to stigmatise Mr. Jones’s proceeding as an unwarrantable piece of assumption. His course was to have sent that statement to the papers in which the error was made, and not to a few private individuals 2,000 miles away. But our business is principally with the matter of Mr. Jones’s interview with the Minister. Having carefully read the interview, it must be pretty evident to most that it was not exactly a success. The Minister was prepared with an answer—a Ministerial one, of course—to all he advanced; in fact, Mr. Ward proved a great deal too wily even for Mr. Jones, and he withdrew without a ghost of a promise of anything, the Honorable Ebenezer Ward having informed him that he (the Minister) was very much obliged to Mr. Jones for waiting on him, and that the Government were desirous of doing something. We believe had our champion studied the Land Act, and pointed out its shortcomings, instead of attempting to throw the blame on the local authorities for carrying out the Act in its integrity, he would have stood a better show. All the difficulties are embodied in the Northern Territory Land Act itself, and not its administration; and until it is amended, we shall continue in the same fix. With regard to the question of inland communication by means of the iron road, we need say nothing here, seeing that we have continuously and upon every possible occasion since February last up to the issue of our last summary, advocated the grand railway scheme—not only as of local value to ourselves, but as a great national work beneficial to all Australia. The tender of Thomas Green for mail service three times a week between Port Darwin and Southport, at £5 per week, has been accepted; and E. P. Hopewell’s tender for the service between Southport and Pine Creek, at £825 per annum, also accepted. We understand a crocodile, eight and a half feet long, was killed one day during the week in a small creek in the immediate vicinity of the O.T. Camp at Fannie Bay. Subjoined is the rainfall for the week ended December 10, 1875, kindly supplied by Mr. Little:— Inches Port Darwin ... 1.250 Southport ... 0.015 Yam Creek ... 0.710 Pine Creek ... 1.370 Katherine ... 1.760 Daly Waters ... 0.565 Powell Creek ... 0.500 Tennant Creek ... 2.915 When Mr. Lewis came back from Port Essington a few weeks ago he brought with him a number of the jack fruit, and a quantity of mangoes. Mr. Little, who is constantly trying experiments in the garden attached to the O.T. offices and quarters, planted several of the seeds of both, and they have come up satisfactorily. By the last mail Mr. Little received a quantity of seeds from China, sent by Mr. Squires; and there is not the least doubt but that he will be successful with them, as in all probability they are suited to our soil and the conditions of the climate. It has often been said that the ground here is too stony to do anything with; but it only requires a little trouble to clear away the stones, and you have as fine soil as could be desired—soil in which the spade goes right over the blade without an effort. The Malay element amongst us is anything but a desirable one. The people composing it are constant disturbers of the public peace, and hardly a week passes without some one or other of them being brought before the Magistrate for an offence of some kind. This last week that old acquaintance of the police—Abdoolah—again made his appearance, and had to disgorge £5, besides other expenses. It would be good service to the public if these fellows were fined indiscriminately £5 apiece as often as they are brought up. Perhaps it might change their behavior a little for the better. The evidence in Abdoolah’s case incidentally disclosed some phases in the domestic life of the Malay camp. There is only one lady amongst them—the wife of Abdoolah, and likely enough she is the immediate cause of most of the squabbles amongst them. Abdoolah told the Court that the Malays wanted to get him into prison again, so that they might enjoy the company of Mrs. Abdoolah without his, to them, unnecessary interference. The charge against him was brought by a man named Neran. This man is a common informer. He it was who assisted the police for a paltry sum to hunt down Ah Kim. Taking all things into consideration, he is doubtless a greater vagabond than Abdoolah himself. Mr. John Lewis returned to Port Essington again on Wednesday last, and was accompanied by Messrs. Lindsay, Frew, Sergison, and Machell. We have been told he was anxious to take sugar-cane with him to try as an experiment, and applied to Mr. Hayes, at the Government Garden, through Mr. G. F. Gardner, for some, but was informed that none could be spared. Captain Douglas planted four distinct kinds of cane —at least so we have been informed—and paid frequent visits to the Garden to watch its progress. Surely it must have increased sufficiently since that time to have allowed of a little being spared. However, it was obtained without difficulty at the Chinese Garden at Peel’s Well, which has been only two years in existence. A movement has been set on foot to secure for the British nation the principal works of Mr. George Cruikshank. The collection embraces 1,100 specimens, and can he purchased for £3,000. A return was laid on the table of the House of Assembly, in accordance with resolution, showing the cost of the Railway Commission. From this it appears that the sums paid to members of the Commission, including fees, travelling, and other expenses, amounted to £1,765 10s. 6d. The fees to witnesses amounted to £153 2s. 6d., and £709 was paid to various gentlemen for secretarial and clerical work, drawing plans, &c.; The statement concludes with the large sum of £965 1s 9d., which is made up by three items—stationery, cartage, repairs, &c.;, £291 4s.; transport of Commission, £474 17s.; and victualling and sundry expenses when travelling, £199 0s. 9d. The total cost of the Commission was £3,593 7s. 6d. 