FEAR?FL TAGEDY AT SEA.-A dreadful occurrence, rivalling in its details the particulars of the Jefferson Borden mutiny, is reported. The brigantine Mary Richmond, which arrived at Cardiff on June 8, and has been placed on the gridiron for repairs, sailed from Lagos for the West Coast of Africa on December s0, with a cargo of palm oil, which was eventually discharged at Amsterdam. There had been several cases of fever on board, but all had recovered. The principal officers were Captain Clarke (a Scotchman), Joseph honson (the steward), and Peter Van der Horst (the mate) ; all the rest of the crew were fore igners. On Good Friday the Mary Richmond was in latitude 2916, longitude 3718 W. The captain and Van der Horset, after breakfasting in the cabin, went on deck, where everything appeared in the usual order. The steward Moseson then went below to breakfast. At this time the chief officer, who had kept the morn ing watch, had occasion to go down to his berth on the port side of the cabin. He had barely reached the foot of the companion way when the captain was alarmed by loud cries of "murder!" He at once rushed halfway down the companion-ledder, when he found the steward hacking with an axe at the man who was lying on his back on the floor. The captain succeeded in dragging the injured man on deck, and then returned with the intention of arresting the mur derous assailant. He was violently attacked in re turn. The captain evaded a blow the violence of which may be estimated by the statement that the axe penetrated into a beam of wood to the depth of several inches. An attempt was made by the captain to rush by the mutineer, but being unarmed he was repulsed. He receded from his dangerous position, and managed to secure the folding doors on the top of the companion-way. The steward used much violence to burst open the doors, bat could not do so. Hearing the affray the crew rushed aft to the quarter. deck to the assistance of the captain. The man had, however, lodged himself in a position whiob was far from easy to approach. A portion of the skylight was removed, and the captain endeavoured by means of a massive crowbar to bring him to bay. At length there was a prospect that the mutineer would be overpowered. He, seeing this, resolved to commit suicide, and with the axe deliberately inflicted several gashes on his throat, and ended by striking the fore head repeatedly with the same weapon. At length he threw away the axe, sank down and died. When attention was directed to the wounded officer, it was found that he was bleeding very much, and that his right jaw had been cut open, part of his left leg was cut of', and the right thigh was nearly cut through ; he also had other wounds of a grievous description. As he could not endure the agony of being moved in his critical condition, a sort of rough tent was thrown over him, and his wounds were attended to. The steward's body was sewn up in canvas and east into the sea. The victim of the outrage for several days was delirious, and in his agitated state tore off the bandages which had been placed on his wounds. A few days after the murderous assault he died, and his body was also thrown into the sea. After a voyage of 120 days, the ship reached Amsterdam. The murdered man leaves a wife and family; and when the ship arrived at Cardiff, many of his relatives were waiting at the port to welcome him on his return. European Mail, June 11. A QtUADnruPLE EXErcIONc AT BANEOx.--The cul prits were four-an incendiary, sentenced to have his hard cut off; a murderer, to be ripped open; the third, a political offender, to be delivered to wild beasts; and the fourth, a blasphemer, to have his head chopped off. ' The executioners made full speed, grinding their axes and sabres, dressing the furnace and preparing the bellows. The incendiary came first and tendered the wrist, and his hand was immediately seen flying in the air. The inutilation did not appear to affect him much, and he went amongst the crowd to witness the following executions. The murderer neot took a seat on a stone, and whilst they are cat ting into his abdomen he keeps biting a banana. The sufferer is then seen to gnash his teeth, and under horrible convulsions, loses the banana, and sinks to rise no more. The traitor to the king is meanwhile looking down a den speaking to the tigers, and recom mending them to sharpen their appetites. The execu tioners seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and lower him slowly into the horrible hole, after which they slowly draw the rope up. Then we hear, says M. Chaulnes, an eye-witness, something like muffled crepitation ; from time to time a human form is jerked up ; the breaking of the skull and the thigh-hones is distinguishable. The wild beasts are roaring all the time, but no human cry is audible. As for the eacrilte gious criminal, the executioners tied him on a plank, and placed his head between two coal-pans. They then work the bellows, and direct jets of flame on the nculprit's head, who continues singing what is supposed to be an impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering under the darts of fire, and yet he con tinues his psalmody. Meanwhile, his body writhes in awful convulsions, his eves are bleeding, the bones cracking, and he finally gives up the ghost with a fear ful yell. A NEW OCLranOwT.-A fresh "claimant" has ap peared, and asserted his " rights " in a manner con sistent with the method usually adopted by gentlomen of his description. His name is Joseph Oldale, and hi conceives lie has a claim to the Millhouse estates, professedly held by Earl Fitzwilliam. His lordship, howerer, refuses to yield possession, whereupon Oldale, at the head of some two hundred congenial spirits, has broken down the fences and cut the hay which grew on the disputed territory. Curiously enough he is supported by the Kenealy Magna Charta Associa tion, from which it would appear that, failing success in regard to " Sir Roger," the Sheffield Ortonites have a claimant of their own. Sad to relate, the law is in exorable, and summonses have been served upon Oldale himself, one Thomas Godson, described as "out of business," and a Mr. Penny, who follows the trade or profession of lawyer's clerk. The hsew Fork Herald of May 15 publishes the fol lowing despatch from its London correspondent: "London, May 14, 1875.-A great secret Ias been discovered in reference to the American revivalists, Moody and Sankey, and their work here. Their move ment is under the direction of P. T. Barnum, (he great American showman. Mr. Barnum, it is elplained, having achieved so many triumphs in the way of directing public opinion, has resolved to found a new religion, and he has entrusted the work to Moody and Sankey. One of the reasons prompting this speculation on the part of Mr. Barnum is his desire to furnish a counterpoise to the too powerful novelty of Cardinals M'Closkey and Manning. The specula tion has proved to be an astounding success. The pecuniary results have been very great, and the Eng. lish speak of Barnum with enthusiasm as among the wonders of the world." In a leading article on this despatch the same journal remarks :-" Our corres pondent informs us that one of the motives that led Mr. Barnum to take an interestin Moody and snkey was the too powerful religious attraction of the Pope's recently appointed cardinals. The presence of a car dinal in London and America oonstitutes a novelty, the effect of which cannot be over-estimated. No religious event has produced so wide-spread an im pression, for instance, as the conferring the birreUda upon Cardinal M'Cloakey. All New York has been running wild after a real prince, with a real red cap from Rome. Religious imagination has been largely influenced by the novelty and attractive ness of the ceremony and the unusual splendour of the embassy which came from the Pope. Count Marefosehi's advent in New York society will long be remembered. He is a real conot, and represents the splendour of the oldest Court in Europe. We can understood the importance of such an infuence coming soddenly opon a society like ours. The nomination of Cardinal Manning has had a similar efect upon the older society of London. Catholic noblemen, beaded by the Duke of Norfolk, have vied with each other in contributing to the pageantry of the new dignity. The cry of' Vaticanism,' so adroitly raised by a statesman as eminent as Mr. Gladstone, has had the effect of intensifying the zeal of the Duke of Nor folk and his followers, and there is no knowing where the movement would have ended but for the timely interference of the two Americana who are now in England under the asgacious and disrreet patronage of Mr. Barnum. The result of Mr. Barnum's adven ture has been successfulin every way. The pecuniary results of the work have been very great, and we learn from our correspondent that Barnum has excited a degree of enthusiasm in England that most be gratify ing to all Americans who regard with pride the suc cess of any of their fellow- countrymen. The result of this movement will be watched with deep interest and attention. It would not be surprising to see the most extraordinary results accrue from the last and greatest achievement of the mostremarkable showman of modern times. Great religious movements have frequently been moved by lesser causes than the speculation of Mr. Barnum, and the question now arises whether the influence of Moody and Sankey will be more effective than that of the nominations of the new cardinals." " Several correspondents," says the Pall Mall Gazette, " have written to the Standard to complain of what they consider the ' impertinent intrusion' of persons who are now carrying on a house-to-honse visitation on behalf of Messrs. Moody and Sankey. In one case a female visitor drove up to a house in a well-appointed equipage, and pressed the lady who lived in the house to go and hear Messrs. Moody and Sankey. The lady explained that she was an invalid, and could not go, whereupon the visitor proceeded to enquire whether the invalid 'felt herself spiritually prepared for death,' asked permission to address the servants, and closed her visit by offering a prayer. Another correspondent states that a young married woman, near her confinement, was so terrified by the visit of two persons calling themselves ' titled ladies,' who would persist in praying, preaching, and catechising her, for two consecutive hourb, that the husband, on returning home, found her in a completely prostrate and fainting state, and she has since continued seriously unwell. In another case a male visitor, who called at a house while the servant happened to be out, asked the mistress of the house to be permitted to come in and ' have halft an-hour's silent prayer with her.' She refused, and he then ' began to rave on the doorstep, and asked several impertinent questions, amongst others, whether she was aware that she bad a soul to save P If she was aware where she would go to hereafterP' Upon her still refusing his request he began to ' pray for his dear sister.' She was at last in the act of closing the door when he gave hier a tract, and asked whether if he called again at some future time she would accede to his request. The lady told him to call again when her husband was at home, but (the correspondent says) somehow or other these gentlemen studiously avoid coming then. One case is even worse than the aboee. A person, who is described as a 'tall, thin, elderly, and very strong-minded looking female,' called upon a widow lady to ask if she had ever attended the services of 'our brethren in the Lord, Moody and Sankey.' The lady informed her visitor that she never had attended and never should attend such services, as she was a High Churchwoman, whereupon the visitor be came excited, told the lady that the ' evil one had got her in his power,' ' that the gates of bell were yawn. ing for hier,' and made other remarks of a like nature. She afterwards asked for some refreshments, as she had come a long way on foot, and on being asked what she would take replied, 'If it would not inconveni ence, a little hot brandy and water.' After she had drunk the brandy and water and left the house, the lady found that her visitor had taken with her the spoon she bad used for her brandy, several ornaments from the drawing-room mantelpiece, and the best um brella from the stand in the hall; and, in exchange, had left a ' Life of Mr. Moody,' a ' Life of Mr. San key,' some religious periodicals, and a promise that the lady should be the object of a special prayer at an early meeting of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, as especially requiring ' light.'" ORANGE.-The peculiarity of the history of Orange, which it shares with the neighbouring city of Avignon and county of Venaissin, is that they together formed a small region which was surrounded by French terri tory, but which was not French territory itself. The position of these districts is one of the many things which are puzzling to those who read history with a mind which has not set itself free from bondage to the modern map. People are apt to wonder how a small separate State got into the midst of French territory. The question is something like the more famous question, how the apple got into the dumpling. This question is not how there came to be anso inde pendent Orange in the midst of French territory, but how French territory came to earround independent Orange. Of course, giren the subjection of its neigh bours, it is a fair question why Orange came to escape longer than they did ; why, while Lyona was swallowed up under Philip the Fair, Orange was swallowed up only under Lewis the Great. But this is not the common difficulty. As long as people conceive that there must hare been from all eternity a France bounded by the Pyrenees, the Alps, and perhaps the Rhine, the position of Orange and Avignon will of course be puzzling. When the facts of history come to be rightly understood, the wonder is how a Parisian King ever came to reign between the Rhone and the Alps. The thing that needs explanation is, not why Orange was sb late in becoming French, but why Provence and the Dauphiny ever became French at all. Oraene, in short, is one of the members of the ancient Kingdom of Burgundy, which contrived to escape French annexation longer than most of its fellows. The process of swallowing- up, which began with Lyons and which has as yet ended with Savoy, failed to reach Orange till a remarkably late time, just as it has still failed to reach Geneva, Neuf chatel, and the other Burgundian States which now form part of the Swiss confederation. Orange indeed more than once underwent a temporary annexation; so did Geneva; so did Savoy more than once, before it was finally engulfed in our own days. The point to be borne in mind is that all these annexations, from Lyons to Savoy, from Philip the Fair to the younger Buonaparte, are all parts of one story, all scenes in one long drama. Of that drama, each scene, whether laid at Lyons, at Orange, or in Savoy, represents the seizure by France of some territory which had neither in nature nor in history anything to do with France. Tihe special interest of Orange, in this point of view, is that so small a State, so dangerously placed, was spared so long. Savoy found a certain degree of pro tection in the possessions of its Dukes beyond the Alps. The romance-speaking cantons of Switzerland find what we may hope is a surer protection in the fact that they are cantons of Switzerland. But Orange stood alone, with no protector, unless we hold that Orange and the Papal territory drew some slight pro tection from one another. Certainly each hindered the other from being wholly surrounded by the do minions of the encroaching power. Otherwise, no district or city stood more helpless as the temporary annexations of themselves showed. Yet the final an nenation of Orange did not happen till four hundred I years after the annezation of Lyons ' it happened only a hundred and forty- years before the last annexa tion of Savoy. Measuring by annexations in other parts, Orange remained independent forty years after Strasburg, a hundred and ffty years after Metz. Afarnillan's Magazine. 