THE TURF IN VICTORIA. By Nemo. Melbourne, October 19. In oider to be able to attend the Ballarat meeting, I left Sydney in the You Yangs on the 9th. During tbe first part of the trip head-winds 'prevailed, but after passing Cape Howe, strong easterly gales set in, causing your humble servant to perform the 'grand balancing act,' with variations, until overcome by the powers of Neptune I sought repose below. Portion of the foreyard was carried away, out the boat behaved well, and as she tossed and rolled about and rode over the waves, the passengers had reason to be grateful to Captain Smith, whs was the first to introduoe into the colonies the system «f having the j saloons amidships. When going through ' The Rip,' the eight was really grand, and I waa almast Borry when we roched Saadridge at about 3 e'dtck oa Monday morning. Having taken up quarters at Mr. Goyders comfortable hotel, I commenced my usual rounds, but up to the present have found out little, for the work done at Flemington in the mornings is not worth recording, owing in a great degree te the rain having made the training ground in a wretched state. However, next week trainers who wish to have their horses fit must send them along, and then I hope to forward you some information worth having. Touting in New South Wales and in Victoria are two very different things, for on our side most of the horses are trained at Randwick, whilst here they are spread about at Flemington, Ballarat, Geelong, St. Albans, William stown, Kyneton, Castlemaine, Kensington Park, and other places, and it is therefore very hard to get a line. Amongst those that are being put through the mill at Flemington are Datfworth, Mozart, Sovereign, Coy, The Barb, Florence, filly Wakool (late Highlander), Silence, Farceaux, Tocrock, Troy, Fraternite, the Fly colt, Chrysolite colt, Seagull filly, Stockbridge, Prodigious, Doubtful, Mountain Deer, Herod, Little Dick, Speechless, Paper, Southern Cross, Comet, Latona, Marengo, Peerless ; the Tasmanians, Bjschoff and Calstock ; Miss Hamilton, Dilke, Tom Tug, Wollomai, Sultan, Aldinga, Ella, Jupiter, Alpho filly, Spark, Bachelor, Protos, Don Giovanni, Scan mag, Kettledrum, Barmaid, Etoile du Matin, Calumny, Connaught, Goldsbrough, Melbourne, Loquacity, Wrangler, Frivolity, Proto-Martyr, Emulation, Envoy, Jessica colt, Jessica filly, Aruma colt, King of Diamonds, Blazes, Goshawk. Florence colt, Cyclops, Lena, Calaba, Crone tadt, Knottingly, Pioneer, AJcmaon, Coquette, Seakale, Cleolite, Welshman, Polidori, Ralph Leigh, Partisan, Wenberriman, Dante, . Canterbury Painter, The Diver, Saunterer, Improver, Postboy, Bullion, Motteston, Kingfisher, the Carnation colt, Grace Roseberry My John, Gentility, Camellia, Eversley, Bumblefoot, Leucippe, Electric, and the Peter Wilkins colt. Richmond, Sir William Don, and the rest of Mr. Jellett's string are at Castlemaine, where the colt is said to be doing veiy satis factory work. Maid of All Work, Mary Gladstone, Rattler, Break of Day, Gaslight filly, Neotsfield, Sunlight, the Heatherbell colt by Tarragon, and probablv the mysterious Burwood, are in Mr. Wilson's hands, at St. Alban'«, near Geelong, and the public are now, and will continue to be in complete ignorance as to their' doings. It is not yet known where Imperial, Benjiroo, the Sylvia and the Sour Grapes colts will be trained, but, since their arrival, they have done some quiet exercise on the Kensington Park course. I saw Mr. Tait's string and Calumny on Saturday. They are located at the Laurel, about two miles from town, and are in excellent buckle, especially Connaught and Goldsbrough. Melbourne although in great heart is hardly as forward as the otherB, but Mr. Tait knows, his constitution so well that there will be no fear of his making a mistake with him. The painstaking Harry Lewis has Calumny, who is rapidly returning to her true form, and is likely to rim forward in more than one of the big events of the season. Kingfisher has not yet been asked to do any fast work, but Othello, when attempting to come home smartly with the Carnation colt, who, Dy the way, has lots of pace, un fortunately slipped up and so strained his stifle that he could hardly walk home. Most of the Metropolitan division left for Bal larat on Tuesday evening and Wednesday morn ing, but the races were not well attended, and the meeting was .hardly a success, though it deserved te be. There are many reasons to assign for the decline of tbe turf in Ballarat, not the least of which is the distance that the course is from town. A seven miles drive through dust or rain, even though sitting behind such capital roadsters as are to be found in the Western district, is hardly a pleasant ordeal, and the charges made by the owners of the handsome waggonettes are so excessive that the poorer classes cannot afford to attend. The threatened rain cleared off before we left town, and by the time we reached the most beautiful course in the colonies, the weather was all that could be desired. The meeting was ably managed, and Mr. E. C. Moore was as hospitable as usual, and I have to record my thanks to him for his kind ness to me as your representative. The curtain rose upon the Hurdle Race, and Robin and Pilot were the most fancied of the eight starters. Pilot soon came to erief. and Robin baulkiner at the far side of the course, Welshman, Fairy, Myall, and Tramp were left to fight it out, and Faiiy, having more pace than the others, won a pretty good race from Welshman. Stranger, who, it will be remembered, showed such au amount of foot when working with Richmond at Randwick, was a decided favourite for the Telegraph Stakes, but, after apparently having the race at his mercy at the distance, he finished in the most slovenly manner, and allowed the Dane to come on the inside, and win cleverly, while Dred beat the favourite for the empty second honours. Great surprise was evinred at the defeat of . Stranger, but -it is only fair to state that his trainer attributed it to his putting his shoulder out. . The night before the race Rattler was a great favourite in Melbourne, but at the seat of war the common-looking son of Lady Kirk, and Native Black, was not in nearly such demand as Southern Cross, who made all her own running: and won easily from Rattler, who came home the last quarter ef ' a mile at a great bat. He is decidedly better than he looks, but is not nearly class enough for a Melbourne Cup. Southern Cross is quite another sort of animal, and I doubt not but that her owner regrets having been in such a hurry to draw the pen through her name; for, with only 6st. 2 lbs. in the saddle, she must have been particularly dangerous. The Corinthian Steeplechase gave us another instance of the pluck and skill of our colonial gentlemen riders, and Mr. M. Pender on Dutohinan won an exciting race from old Babbler. The Doctor came down at the last fence, when looking like a winner, and Mr. W. Pender had his cbllar-bene broken. Had Partner had an ''artist' in the saddle he could not have lost, but he parted with his rider after negotiating the palings and thus his light was completely put out. The great battle he fought on the following day with Sheet' Anchor and Horizon in the Big Steeplechase proves him to be a. great horse. The Trotting Race was a most uninteresting affair, and Miss Chumpkins won as she chose from Polly nnd two others. The steadv rain that fell during1 the forenoon of the second day greatly interfered with the attendance. But those who were present were lucky, as the rain ceased before the first race and did not come on again until after the last race was run. Only three went to the post for the Selling Hurdle Race, and Asmodeus won in something like a walk. Sheriff made a great show of his three opponents in the . Flying Stakes ; and after wards won tne Bowen Handicap, hands down, from a field of half-a-dozen. Notwithstanding her 7 lb. penalties, Southern Cross had no trouble in pulling off the Ballarat Handicap, and thus secured the double for Mr. Leng. The Steeplechase was a great race between Sheet Anchor, Horizon, and Partner, and had Horizon Bteod up he could not have lost, but Chiffney brought him too fast at the last fence, and he got close under it before rising and came to grass, as a consequence. The feature that struck me most was the liberality with which the jockeys used their whips when without the ghost of a chance of winning. The practice is a bad as well as a cruel one, and a clever rider who understands bis business never falls into the error, well knowing that more races have been lost by whips than have ever been won by them. I have reason to be satisfied with the tips I sent you by telegram, as I had two winners and a second out of four attempts. If the weather, which at present is rather unsettled, proves fine, a great deal of important work is sure to be done next week, and I shall send a full account of it in my next to the Sydney Mail. The Diver and Bullion are a a little queer ; Canterbury and Painter are somewhat on the fat side ; and Goldsbrough, Kingfisher, Coy, Sovereign, Saunterer, Loquacity, Dante, Dilke, Wollamai, and Im perial appear to be the most forward ; whilst good accounts are to hand concerning Nimrod, The Hook,*Richimend, and Mr. Wilson's lot. Melbourne, October 23. Although it i6 a great deal too early to think of giving a tip, the work that I have seen up to the present, coupled with the doings of the past, convey to me the idea that I shall not be veiy far away in my ideas about the 'Derby and Cup;' but the Maribyraong Plate still remains a mystery, and there are so many good-looking and fashion ably bred youngsters on the list that the betting public— always good judges — cannot fix upon anything to a favourite. I have 6een a good many of the youngsters put through their facings, but touting at Flemington with its four training courses is so puzzling that I hardly have a fondness for anything unless it be for Sovereign and Frivolity, Rbuow speaks well of Windsor, who is being drilled at St. Albans, and if breeding is to be trusted in this instance, he will be well worth the journey I intend to take. next week to see him, as well as the others that Mr. Wilson has in hand. He was bred by Mr. Andrew Town, of Richmond, New South Wales, and is by Maribyrnong, from Heather Belli, by Waverley, from Cressida by imported Majonides, from Alice Grey (Yattendon's granddam), by Rous' s Emigrant (imported), from Gulnare (imported) , by Young Gob anna, from Ultima, by Hollyhock, &c.; The blood is pure enough, and Heather Bell was far from being a bad per-, former in her day. Upon my arrival here I was rather astonished to find that Maid-of-All-Work held the post of honour for the Derby in the face of the great feats per formed by Richmond at our late meeting. She was steadily backed up to 6 to 2, while Richmond only received milk and-water support at 4 to 1. Buton Wednesday a ' change came o'er the spirit of the scene,' and so great was the desire to get on Richmond, that 2 to 1 was the best offer against hi™ to money, while Maid-of- All- Work, who would seem to be under a cloud, went back to 4 to 1 taken and offered. Whether there be anything wrong with the filly or not no one knows, but this 1 know, that, let her be as fit as man con make her, I shall have to see the deed done before I believe that sho. can measure strides success fully with such a regular tiger -as the son of Maribyrnong and The Fawn. True, she bowled him over in the Mari byrnong Plate last year, and afterwards showed superior form. But brilliant two-year-olds, especially fillies, do not invariably turn ont cracks ? at three, and as Richmond has unquestionably proved himself to be the best three- year-old out, it seems a contradiction to common sense to give the filly the preference. He has shown improvement, she has yet to do so ; and therefore it is much safer to trust, our Derby winner than to take a shot in the dark about ' The Maid,' simply because she won most of her two' year old races. Mr. Wilson may have another good one in his dangerous stable, which is always worth keeping a sharp eye upon. Mr. De Mestre's string has taken flight to Bal larat, so that we shall be greatly in the dark as to their movements.' The Sylvia colt and the Sour Grapes colt both looked well when (hey arrived from Sydney, and the former may be hard to be at, but the latter has not pace enough foT the company he will have to meet, and I cannot stand him at any price. Painter and Canterbury are in clined to the fat side, but their trainer has been rasping them along to some tune of late, and, from what I have seen of them, Painter should prove the better of the two. I saw him dress down Canterbury, Dante, and Envoy most carefully the other morning, and his breeding is 'better than that of Canterbuiy, albeit the latter is a better performer. Painter is a very handsome colt, and the following pedigree will bear a little looking intc : — By the Marquis, from Art Union (the dam of Rose d' Amour) by Ferryman from Gildermire, by the Flying Dutchman from Ellerdale, &c.; He is hardly as fine a looking colt as Can terbury, but I like him better, as there is more of the cut and-come-again stamp about him. Turn o' the Tide, Cressida, Grace Roseberry, Troy, Libertine, Onyx, Fraternite, Alpha filly, and even the handsome Saunterer, by Maribyrnong from the speedy Miss Magus, ' must take a back seat; and Bullion has been so dickey lately that his chance must be a very remote one indeed. Valentia is not likely to trouble the starter, neither is Ringwood ; and Clifton and Connaught will probably have the honour of our colonv left in their charge. Connaught promises to be very fit, and goes well in his work, but after going a mile and a half the other morning Melbourne picked him up and gave him all the worst of a bout once round the outer circle ; and with his Hawkesbury and Randwick failures still fresh in our memories, it requires a bold man to sup port him against Richmond, but he is a determined goer, and it is quite on the cards for him to turn up and give us a surprise, for he is bred to a hair, and his private doings are equal to any that I have seen this season. Clifton has yet to come amongst us, and I shall be delighted to see him ' cherry ripe,' for he goes too like Hamlet to be a bad one, and his running at Hawkesbury when only half prepared showed that he possesses lots of pace, and only wants condition to make him stay. A great deal has been said about the Jessica colt, but up to the present I have quite failed tq discover any unusual merit in him, and I must have such performers as Richmond and Maid-of- All-Work to produce the first two as named, and after them Fainter Loquacity, and Clifton of the known ones. Clifton, as most of your readers know, has gone into the vice-regal stables, and is a son of Maribyrnong and Rose of Australia, and one of the sweetest goers in the world. For the Cup, public opinion inclines towards Kingfisher, Imperial, and Kingsborough ; and 800 to 100 was accepted about Imperial on Thursday by a gentleman who also laid a hundred even on Maid of All Work and Richmond against the field for the Derby. The moment the weights appeared , Tmnprifll was thmip-hi trt hf- fl frnnd tliino- with rnilv 8 st. 4 lbs. in the saddle, and he was backed for a heap of money at once. The manner in which he ran agamst the best horses of the day in the weight-for-age races at the late A. J. C. Meeting made his friends more confident than ever. Of course, now that he, together with the others of Mr. De Mestre's string, has gone to Ballarat, I shall be much in the dark as to his doings, and Bhall have to depend upon hearsay in a great measure. All the 1000's to 10 that were forthcoming have been snapped up about the Sylvia colt and Imperial for the Derby and Cup. Dagworth, who looks nearly as blooming as ever, is never mentioned, and he can hardly have a chance with 9 st. 8 lbs. up. By winning the Metropolitan Goldsbrough i brought his weight up to 9 st. 9 lbs., and even with such a steadier he is looking so well, and going with such deter- | mination in his work, that I cannot regard him as out of it. He will meet Kingfisher on 11 lbs. worse terms than he did in the Metropolitan, and if there be any truth in handi capping, Mr. Town's horse should finish before him. Indeed, looking at the subject from all sides, King fisher should hold all the light weights safely enough. Were it not for her Hawkesbury penalty, Calumny would have had a great show with 8 st. 12 Idb., but the extra 5 lbs., which changes it to 9 st. 3 lbs., will make a wonder ful difference to her ; for, after all, good as she has shown herself, she is' only a little mare, and to carry such a weight to the head of affairs in such a brilliant field is almost too much to expect. There will be a difference of 21 lbs. between her and Kingfisher on the Hawkesbuiy running, and therefore I must have him to reverse the decision. Kingsborough will have 1 lb. more than he finished such a good second with at Randwick, and as he is likely to be at leaBt 3 lbs. better on the score of age, and perhaps a pound or two better in condition, he must be ter ribly hard to beat. He had no end of difficulty i to contend against in the 'Metrop,' but he battled through everything like a racehorse, and so impressed with him am I, that, whether owing to dight prejudice er not I have as yet seen nothing that is likely to fininh before him for this Cup. He has done everything that has been asked of him except winning the three- miles, and his defeat in that race should go for littlie or nothing, for he naa not undergone a tnree-mues preparation, and a different tale will be told when he strips on New Year's Day, and makes the cracks of the day turn ifjnp and leave him and Goldsbrough to fight for the 1600 sovereigns. Would I could remain here to see it — but to return to the Cup. Sun beam will be 2 lbs. better off than she was in Sydney, and Sultan 1 lb. ; but neither are the sort of stuff of which Melbourne Cup winners are made. The last-named and Stirling are expected to arrive in a few days, and the latter is likely to be a tolerably good favourite. Melbourne would have a chance second to none, but he strikes me as being rather too much above himself, and it is doubtful if he will be quite ' pink' next wwmrti, Don Giovanni appears to be Mr. Lang's favourite, but he does not go quite so freely as I could wish, and is scarcely ' gay' enough to finish amongst the first half dozen. Dante has not improved as much as it was thought he would, but the Tasmanian Dilke is in excellent form, his gallop on Tuesday morning with Tom Tug and Saunterer leads me to the belief that he is a really good animaL and, in the event of his continuing to improve, he wiH snow a bold front for his native land, and, by so doing, encourage some of his equine fellow colonists to visit Victoria and New South Wales ; and so good luck to the stranger ! But little is known of Haricot and Nimrod, except that they are being trained this side of Geelong, and that they are doing well. Of all the outside division that I have seen at work, Wollomai appears to be the most dangerous. He has been j a fair perfanaer, and the way m which be need to drew down Southern Cross, before the Ballarat meeting :li«sj|M caused those whe .have their heads screwed on rightiyfe^Jll put a little on him just for the odd chancfe. NeotHfieti^^H Break-of-Day, Sunlight, and Burwood, as well as Maid-ofr- yi all-Work, are said to be in Mr. Wilson's hands. Break-of-- ; ^ Day is said to have trodden upon a nail, and so was pre^-J vented from putting in an appearance at Ballarat. but he- '.-* may be all right for the V. R. G. meeting. The BurwoodL ' '%? Mystery is more than I can manage. Whien I first arrived . I learned that he was at St. Albans, and in great form, but, after his withdrawal from the Ballarat Cup nnri Handicap, it was rumoured that he was not on this side of th&-_ t.; bonier. Although in the dark about the matter at present, I hope to be in a position to unravel the web next . ; i week, and it is worth the trouble, for Burwood is a really - -s| good little fellow, and if in his true form wiil maketbie- . ' Melbourne Cup shake. After the 'miserable figure Fitz- - Yattendon cut in Don Juan's Cup, I am somewhat in clinedio fight shy of the three-year-old for such a severe ' vl race as this is sure to be ; but if a youngster is to have a , *j show, it must be Richmond, who as a stayer has no equal' in the colonies. In your next I hope to be able togive- ' ytfur readers an opinion worth following, and for the time being I like Kingsborough, Imperial, Wollomai, Dilke, Kingfisher, Burwood, Goldsbrough, Richmond, and Scanmag, es named ; and if I had to go for two, they would; : ' be Kingsborough and Imperial. The training-ground has been in such a bad state that touting has told veiy few tales this week ; but, as it is ther intention of the committee of the V. R. C. to have a' new training-ground formed inside the course, proper things will be better next year. Monday morning was cold tnd bleak, and there were not so many horses out as I expected. Coquette was the first to appear, and went twice round the outer circle very nicely; but, although she is pretty well bred, being by The Swell from Doefoot, she is hardly in . tbe Cup with 6 st. 7 lbs. Kingfisher, who unfortunately lost his companion in Othello, went steadily on the tan; and he is looking and doing, well. Mozart took the Maribyr nong Plate colt, Sovereign, a smart' flutter, and then did likewise with the Chrysolite colt. The Fly colt, the Bea trice filly, and The Barb filly, were rattled along for fives, furlongs, the latter appearing tq have a little more to say than the others. Calumny and Connaught, after going about a mile and a half, were joined by The Deacon, but' the son of Tarragon and Carnation did not show to advan tage. Coy, King of Diamonds, Gentility, Bischoff, Calstock, and MisB Hamilton, and, I think, True Blue, did average work ; and then Wollomai and Knottingley wera sent twice round the outer track, Wollomai doing for the other in the last half mile. Goldsbrough and Melbourne went twice round at a sound pace, and the former promises to be the fitter of the two. The South Australians — Frivolity, Emulation, and Wongalere, Loquacity, and the English horse Proto-Martyr did a serviceable gallop, and I like Loquacity better than most of the Derby . outsiders, The son and daughter of Jessjca, and the Aruma colt, had a brush of five furlongs, and the first named colt finished better than the others. Canterbury, Painter, and Dante performed a long canter, and then ran home with. Envoy, all ending in good form. Leucippe, Electric, Lena, Cyclops, Cronstadt, Stock bridge, Polidori, Dilke, Saunterer, Herod, Latona,. ~ Wenberriman, Little Dick, Benhaxn, Improyer, Aldinga, and Ella were treated to moderate work. A strong cold wind compelled most of the horses to stav in their boxes on Tuesday morning, when Coquette was tte first to perform, followed by Kingfisher, but I was just too late to see them. Knottingly and the speedy Peerless went a good spin, and* Wollomai cantered. Calumny and Goldsbrough werer treated to twice round on the outer circle ; and although the mare went well with Harry Lewis in the saddle, the Metro politan winner pulled over her at the finish. Melbourne went once round the tan alone, and then picking up Con naught, put him through very nicely at the last. Sove reign and the Chiysolite colt, after a few smart spins over 'Hi* the Maribyrnong Plate course, were cantered once round, and both are coming bn nicely, especially Sovereign, ^ who ' must be hard to beat. Loquacity, Proto Martyr, and Emulation did serviceable work on the other course, as did also Frivolity and Wongalere. The Florence filly and the daughter of Seagull did a creditable five furlongs ; and the Painter, Canterbury, and f Dante did a good twice round, finishing up with Envoy, and The Painter pleased me most. Dilke went a really good twice round, being accompanied during portion of thetripbyTom Tug, and afterwards by Saunterer, who, although a highly-bred one and a real gentleman to look at, can have but an outside Derby chance. Aldinga and Ella were treated to a fast half-mile ; and amongst others that were out were Kettledrum, Bachelor, Jupiter, Alpha t filly, Spark, Etoile du Matin, Barmaid, and the rest o£ Lang's string. It was too wet for galloping on Wednes day and Thursday, but next week I shall have a full budget of training news for your readers. After being nearly knocked out of the market on Wed day, Maid-of -all-Work came again on the following day, and is now quite as good a favourite as Richmond at 6 to 2. The following are in work for the Maribyrnong Plate : Sovereign, Coy, the Chrysolite colt, the Beatrice .filly, Envoy, The Barb, Florence filly, the Snowdon filly, Frivolity, Matchless, Gentility, Linkboy, Jessica filly, Aruma colt, Sir Knight, Timothy, Venus, Bill Sykes, Ralph Leigh, Aldinga, Newminster, The Deacon, and Etoile du Matin ; but El Moro, by the Barb— Mermaid, Speechless by Fireworks, Fenella, Paper by Tarragon — Ragpicker, the Sylvia colt, and the Crinoline colt, I am not sure of. The ever dangerous St. Alban's stable has Windsor, Carlington by Maribyrnong — Nightshade, Herschel by Tim Whiffler — Vision, Gas by Tim Whiffller — Gasworks, and Briseis by Tim Whiffler — Musidora, and the race promises to be the most open of the meeting. Mblbo ttrne, October 25. On Friday morning the weather cleared up a little, and things looked brighter overhead, bnt the course was still in. a deplorable state ; and the promised training ground which is to be made next year is sadly needed. Morrison was the first to put in an appearance, and he sent Mozart and the Maribyrnong Plate colt, Sovereign, a smart gallop, the youngster going well, and promising to be very fit. Mozart then gave Coy a little schooling, and the Barb filly went along very nicely. Mr. Hurtle Fisher's string were th& next, and Dagworth, Farceur, and Fraternite went three times round the tan fast, and were followed by Silence,, Libertine, Troy, Onyx, and the Seagull filly, who did. steady work. These were all of importance that worked on the tan. On the course Wollomai was first out, and went once round, when he was joined by Knottingly, and another turn was done, when Peeress joined in and they came home a cracker, Wollomai leaving the others like a shot at the finish. He is in great form this season, and when we remember that last year he carried within 3 lbs. of his present weight,' and won the Midsummer Handicap at the last Melbourne New Year's Day Meeting, be appears to have more than an outside chance for tne Cup, and is well worth backing' for a place Comet and Sultan were also out, but they are not abnlliant pair, and little danger can be .expected from either. Mr. Dafcan sent Dilke and Saunterer once round slowly, and a second at an improved pace. Both Bhaped well, but, while the three-year- old is hardly forward enoughjto be ready for the Derby Day, Dilke takes to his work so kindly that even, in the lace of his moderate performances, I cannot help regarding him with favour. Aldinga, Ella, and Bill Sykes were treated to once round the inner circle, and were then rattled along for a mile, the ' housebreaker '* speedily having enough of it, and Aldinga the bSst Leng sent Southern Cross and Miss Hamilton on -die inner circle, where Bischoff and Colstock also performed; and the Bal larat Cup winner is decidedly the pick of the basket Mr. Fisher's lot — Canterbury, Painter, Envoy, and Dante— did ' ? fast work on the inner track, and finished smartly; the Painter, who is more forward than the o there, showing to advantage. Proto-martyr, Emulation, Frivolity, Loquacity, and Wongalere did a slow trip round the hurdles, and so wound up the proceedings. The weather on Saturday morning was veiy disagreeable ? and showery, and none but the regulars were present. Coquette, who comes from the Hay district, was the first to commence, and was sent a fast spin, but she is not up to Melbourne Cup. standard. Corn well sent Kingfisher a steady breather on the tan ; and then came Sovereign with Mozart in attendance, and after a light lesson, the colt wqi) treated to a sweat. Cay and the Cnryso'ite colt did fair work together. Sam Waldockthen sent My Idea, King of Diamonds, Goshawk, and Alcmaaon a Mttiivg gallop. King of Diamonds and Goehawkoening ?43; \- ? m a — ImU in better 'form their companions. C&mille;, j Pwfiimcc, Gentility, Weribprrimim, Calaba, and Blazes were only asked to do steady work. Calumny, with her pains taking trainer, Hairy Lewis, in the saddle, led Melbourne fork mflo, when Goldsbrough, joining in, another mile was done, and, the mare being pulled off, Mr. Tait's pair finished up with a rattling gallop. After going once round the hurdles, Knottingly and Wollomai picked up Peeress, and the usual dose was repeated by . Wollomai. The English horse Proto-Martyr, ana ihe South Australian Emulation, and Loquacity vent a couple of miles quietly. The latter as a daughter ef Talk-o'-the-Hills, if she can manage her 8 st. 5 lbs. should have a fair out aide chance for me Derby. Wongalere and Frivolity can tend, and the Jessica aad Aruma colts, Lena, Cyclops, and Cronstadt each and all went through average work. Lang sent Don Giovanni, Scanmag, Bachelor, Etoile du Jtfafan, Spark, J apiter, Kettledrum, and the Alpha filly a good twomiles, the two first-named having the most to say at the finish, but Don Giovanni goes very tenderly. Aldinga, ?who is improving rapidly, Bill Sykes, and Ella did a fast mile; ana Dilke made show of Tom Tug in a smart gal lop. Saunterer did gentle work alone ; and Bullion and The Diver, both of whom are a little queer, were not troubled. Envoy, The Painter, Canterbury, Improver, and Dante did good work, and The Painter and Improver pleased me meet. True Blue, Southern Cross, Bischoff, Miss Hamilton, and others, with whom I have yet to be come acquainted, were asked to do moderate work. The following are the latest scratching® up to date, but there are sure to be a lot more to-night, which will be for warded to 'you by your. telegraphic correspondent: — Cup: Wamberriman. Derby : Connaught (whose feet troubled him), Clifton, V alentia, Hyperion, Barbara, Cerito, Rata- 1 plan, New Holland, The Demon, and Redwood. Mari byrnong Plate: Queen's Head, The Rose, and Femhill. The Oaks : Barbara and Cerito. 