real art in general. City Council On Friday evening last the usual monthly meeting of the City Council took place when the ordinary routine business was contracted. The application of Mr. Douglas for permission to sell colonial wine at the Town Hall stalls was further postponed for consideration. The bad state of the streets was again referred to, and Councillor Letch brought up the question of the Volunteer Drill shed, and tabled a plan which had been sent to him. Councillor Churchyard wanted to know when the committee appointed to revise the new municipal Act intended to bring up their report, and we believe he is not the only one in quest of this information. The Famous Red Herring Case A telegram published in another column, states that Mr. Gray has again been brought before the bench in the matter of the Red Herring Case, and has been convicted and fined £100 and all costs. We have been informed that the information in the present case charged Mr. Gray with removing goods which were not cleared at the Customs. After hearing the evidence, the presiding Magistrates Messrs. M. Brown, Lock Burges, and S. Davis, J P. found him guilty of the offence, and fined him the sum named, together with all costs. Mr. George Leake conducted the prosecution. Mr. Gray has appealed against the decision, so we are likely to have another herring case in the Supreme Court. We understand that Mr. Gray raised an objection to Mr. S. Davis sitting on the case, and also to the Resident Magistrate giving evidence from the Bench, and not from the witness box. Civil Sittings On Wednesday last, the case of Mayhew v. Hart for malicious prosecution came on for hearing at the Supreme Court. Every one has heard of the famous " Tale of a Tub, " but we think that this " T ale of a trou- sers" altogether throws it in the shade. The case, as a perusal of the report in our last issue will show, was a peculiar one in every respect, and one in which a jury were placed in a rather awkward six and we hear that the plaintiffs intend moving for a new trial. The case on Wednesday was defended by the At- torney General, and it was patent to all that he felt in his element on the trousers' question. The trousers evidently tickled him and there was a seraphic gleam of eloquence in his eyes, and a happy smile around his lips, as he manipulated the various delicate little points in the case with a tenderness quite amazing in one of the profession. But his witticisms and puns were something par excellence, and he threw them around wholesale, till the Chief Justice himself caught the infection, and waltzed in with a few funny things. If there is any truth in spirit raising we fancy the Attorney-General must have slightly disturbed the shades of Foote, Quin, Douglass, Jerrold, and their fellows on Wednesday last, and we imagine we see the ancient ghost of Ben Johnson trembling for his name and fame. Alas poor Ben ! you were not an Attorney- General, and you never had such a trousers' case on hand ! Luck is everything. The Georgette The ss. Georgette left Champion Bay on Saturday last; leaving Geraldton, she lost her anchor. She arrived off Fremantle on Sunday night at 11 o'clock, but was obliged to stand out on account of the. heavy sea running. Yesterday morning she steamed up, but was unable to approach the jetty, and some of the passengers were landed in boats. She steamed about the harbour for some time being unable to anchor, and then made for Garden Island, at which place we believe she took the mails on board. Death Our readers will regret to learn that Mr. Joseph Hardey, a very old Colonist died yesterday morning at his residence, Perth, after a brief illness. Light of the West Lodge, No. 1 : A tea meeting and Musical Soiree, under the auspices of the above Lodge of Good Templars, will be held in their hall, on tomorrow (Wednesday) evening. The admission, by ticket only, will be Is. 6d. The New Good Templar Band, of whose skill we hear very good accounts will be in attendance, and will no doubt form a pleasing acquisition. On the following evening there will be a tea-meeting of Juveniles in connection with the "Star of the West" Juvenile Lodge. It is notified that Mr. H. Randell will preside at the Harmonium on each céanon, and those desirous of spending a pleasant evening will do well to attend. We welcome social gatherings and entertainments of this kind, as being an urgent want in Perth. Lecture : On Wednesday evening last, Mr. G. A Letch gave a lecture on Astronomy illustrated by a Magic Lantern in the Congregational Schoolroom, Perth. The illustrations also included miscellaneous views, both interesting and comic The Lecturer stated at the outset, that such was the vastness of the subject, that at the request of friends, what was intended for one lecture had been divided into three parts, each part to become the subject of a future lecture, and that he should therefore confine himself mainly to the family circle of worlds in in the universe, of which our own world was a member viz., the Solar System. False Systems and the true were compared, exhibited, and explained from Sol to Neptune, hinting only vaguely at eclipse, comets, c, to a very large appreciative, well conducted and enthusiastic audience. It is intended to give the second lecture as soon as our satellite was crescented, waned, and again for a while, disappeared. The proceeds of these lectures and exhibitions, are towards the erection of new class and lecture rooms for the Sabbath School of Trinity Congregational Chapel. Volunteers: The M.R. Volunteers held their usual monthly parade on Wednesday last, when various exercises were gone through under the command of Capt. A. J. Hillman. It was intimated to the corps that their anniversary celebration would probably take place on the 24th inst. The band was as usual in attendance. On Thursday afternoon the Horse Artillery also had some gunnery practice under the mount, acquitting themselves we believe very creditably. Copper Orestes have been shown some very good specimens of copper ore from the Martin Springs Mine at Northampton. The ore in question on being assayed gave 40 per cent of copper. It is to be hoped that the mines will be turned to some account, as under ordinary circumstances such a percentage must leave a large margin for profit. The Weather During the last week the weather has been of a very variable character. At one moment the sun shines brilliantly, and at the next, you find yourself in a heavy driving shower of rain. Thunder storms are hovering about, and on Saturday night last, we are said to have been treated to what is popularly called a thunderbolt. We have heard various thrilling accounts of the matter ; but as far as we know, the unusual loudness of the clap of thunder referred to, was occasioned by the proximity of the electric fluid, for from the rapidity with which the report followed the flash it must have been unpleasantly close. The weather still remains unsettled, but this is not uncommon at the breaking up of the season. The Georgette : A correspondent writes The Georgette appears to be doing good speed since she left the slip at Adelaide. This is not solely due to the thorough cleaning of the vessel, for we understand the fan has been enlarged, it being originally too small for the powerful engines. Perhaps it is not generally known that Messrs. Connor and McKay are building a substantial jetty, and wharf at Careening Bay (Garden Island, for the accommodation of the Georgette in coaling ; this will prevent the delay at Fremantle jetty, so annoying to the public, and vexatious to the owners. A little more judgment in bringing up alongside the jetty might certainly be used by Capt. Shand ; the whaling pieces and fender piles testify to this. After what has been said about the accommodation for passing to and from the vessel, it is to be hoped the liberal owners will at once supply a proper hand-rail gangway, or if timber is scarce, use part of the Captain's bridge which runs " fore and aft the vessel ; a part of it " unships" which would do A 1. Actions for damages are the rage nowa- days, so Messrs. Connor & McKay be wise, and see to this. A Curiosity in Cats The " Cat o' nine tails" is not a curiosity in this colony, but we must record the birth of a rare specimen of the feline race. Some days since a kitten was found in Fremantle blessed with eight legs and two tails, but with only one head. W. Clifton Esq., (ever on the alert to secure specimens of natural history has obtained, and preserved, this wonderful contortion of feline nature, and with his usual courtesy will no doubt permit the curious to inspect the " Cat o' eight legs." A samplers any one is desirous of publishing a " Complete Letter Writer," we commend them to the following local sample, addressed to the Chairman of the City Council : SIR-I trust you will pardon my boldness in asking you to lay this before the City Council. I the undersigned having undertaken the laborious duty of pounding all stray cattle found on the streets of the City of Perth. And having fulfilled that duty to the best of my ability, and I think to the satisfaction of the public to the timid portion of it any way, for they are now saved the trouble and the annoyance of having to run from one side of the road to the other, even when the rain has been pouring down in torrents to get out of the way of a surly looking cow. Gentlemen I beg leave to state that I have followed up my duty with a very great perseverance from 5 o'clock in the morning until 2 and 3 o'clock the next morning, and if you think that does not make a very long working day of it, I beg pardon for telling you, it is a tremendous long day, as I find it walking at the least 20 miles every day, besides extra ground I have to go over when the cattle takes it into their stupid heads to go any way but the straight one. Gentlemen I beg leave to tell you that I think it very hard to be tramping about all hours, and in all kinds of weather, and Wimbridge snug and cosy in bed, and he to get as much as me for all pounded cattle. I have all the work and hardship, and then he gets half of what I earn, Gentlemen let me ask, do you think that is right and just ? I don't think there would be many cattle pounded if Wimbridge had to trudge all round the City of Perth to hunt them up. Gentle- men I would ask you to let me have the pound. I think I have the most right to it as I have all the work to do; I shall have no more work then, but I shall be a great deal better paid ; that's it. Gentlemen if you will place this confidence in me I shall strain every nerve to give you perfect satisfaction, and you shall find I will never prove myself ungrateful for the confidence placed in me ; I will fulfill every duty imposed upon me to the very letter. If Gentlemen, you cannot do this, I would ask you to allow me some amount in cash every month from the city funds to help me to maintain myself, or I shall very soon not be able to live at all, for all the cattle keepers have now a sharp look out for Darby, and I would just give you a gentle hint. Gentlemen, for a man to do all this tramping about he must have plenty of grub in his inside or he cannot do it no how. Gentlemen It is just that way with me therefore, if I cannot get more than I am now get ting at present, I shall certainly have to give up this job and try my hand at something else. In conclusion, gentlemen, I hope you will take my case into your kind consideration, and I shall be truly happy to hear that you are in the same opinion as me. Your humble servt., CHAS. DARBY. 