Late Mail News. GENERAL. Buholahs in New York.— Thoy are a lively time in Now York with the burglars. It would require a polioa gaxotto to record all tho cases that ooour during a weok; but before tho dawn tho city appears to bo given over to tho nreda. tory olasses, who havo a funoy for entering houses, not their own, through tho window and of shooting tho ocoupants if thoir presence 's resisted as an intrusion. Whilo the Com missioners ore wrangling, and Matson is de- fending his oonduot of tho I'olico Gazette , tho burglars aro on tho war path, and the light of tho sun shows oaoh morning trnaos of their operations .—Ani/lo-American Times. Yellow Complexions. -According to a medioal man who writes in the Indian Medical unzette, tho comploxion peouliar to so many raou who have lived for a term of years in India does not arise from oxtornal oauses. It is not tho sun but onrrio which mnkes old Indiana so very yollow, and tho dootor points out to the Europeans living in Asia the danger to their complexions involved in tho regular consumption of currios coloured, as thoso appe tising dishes usually are, with tuinerio. The fy0 o tumeric is so vory powerful that tl?SUM ol the 8k'n to a demdoa tint of yollow, if much of the drug is taken into the system. = 18 m»TBBlDLA MePid»— Mrs. BIsir, a wo- ' man of Freneh-Amoricon deacont, is one of tho Her sinri Pleasant camp-mooting. Her speciality in painting vory natural Sour AT Whon elosely blindfolded, in the glare ofT# mktnn tie? PTT f A omff mittoo tiod up hor face m no less than twontvT" w?h thZesf ?Dd 0t 8,10 Poe<2r lTli»» , nonohulanoo to trace rosos, lilies, and tulips. Tho medium's choir and E8gabBr,l0ryi ?lfully ffuurd0(1 touoh I ,' boouuae." said tho speaker, if the thoughtless, rough, gross or r«5n mm. or woman should touoh the medium it would mnuo naU8ea and vomiting. Tho hSlf A3". m -d? in olevon minut03 and a 80C0nd. G'ght and a half; tho third minntL v & r ' 8nd tho fourH> >U five minutes. — New Times, naner' nr«Dli8 ?rouf-A Massachusetts paper srys, — Mr. Moody, tho evangelist is ful1 "'0 quiet for which he nt Northflold- The f NoJ England farming towns, nnrt.ef ,nrn 'A Moody bill is tho joint pro- a .wo of whom livo on tbo pUoe. Around the hill is a moat charming T0' and au interesting marble stone by the rondsido infottbs tho passer that horo Nathaniel DiokinBon was killed by the Indians in tho oldon time. TTio homestead is placed on tho highest omincnooof the farm, and commands a wido prcspeot with tho rivor in tho valloy bolow. Tho Franklin couuty Congregational ministore proposo to Rivo Mr. Moody a kind of picnio reception at Lako Pleasant before ho loaves this Beotion 11th Septomhor. A Ghost in Calais.— Tho Paris oorrcBpon- ont of tho Telegraph writes : — Tlioro is a ghost in Calais, or rank sorcery, or wiokod powors of somo- sort working. In that town dwolls a certain Tophnm, who keeps a factory. In front of the faotory is n wall of considorahlo hoight, whioh protects its ground floor from pa8Sore-by. A houBO overlooks it, howovor. Last Wodnesday tho row bogan. A volley of stonos, dosoonding from unknown regions, and tliTOwn by unseen hands, suddenly smasliod all tligwindows nnd hurt two girls at work. All dffltho bombardment lasted, in spito of tho polioe. Thursday tho gendarmes oooupiod tho faotory, not doubting that all tho evil powors would bo stilled boforo tho magisterial prcsonoo of tho law. But stonos foil in a shower be neath their vory noses, and the utmoBt aotivity of tho police could not discovor whonce thoy camo. Friday tho Commissioner and half a dozen of his trusty minions botook thomsolvos to tho spot, and Bcarohcd and watched to no hotter purpose. Thoy went noross and oooupiod tho houso opposite, holding its strategic points and sotting up an observatory on the roof. Quito fruitiosBly. The bombnrdmont rcoom- monoos from time to time with a vigour that recals the groat soigos of history. So tho affair stands as yot, and pooplo say it's spirits. Ramming. - It is obvious that ramming is a f too at which two can play; but it does not ioiiow that two will play at it. Wo have tho opinion of highly competont officers on our sido when wo assert that so long as there is plonty of sen room and tho engines of a ship are not disabled, an iron-nlad cannot bo rammed by a Binglo foe. It is argued tliat our iron-dads aro bo unwieldy that they could not get out of tho way of attacking ships ; but it must ho borno in mind that this vory unwioldinoss is a property of tho would- bo ram as woll as tho ship to be rammed. Even if it could ho shown that the attacking ship possessed much higher Bpecd than tho foo sho desired to destroy, no thing would ho gnincd, bconuso tho slower ship, if sho ran away, conld only bo struok in tho store or at some vory obtuso angle, and if sho did not wish to run away, then she could al ways present hor hows to the oncmy. It would appear that ramming must ho compara tively inefficient, unless tho blow is delivered at right angles to tho sido of tho ship Btrnok ; nnd wo venture to think that a smart captain would tako vory good core in an notion that ho was nover so struck. Again, it is by no moans cer tain that an enemy s fleot need ho fought in such oloso quarters that ramming would be come possible. Tho 81-ton gun renders tho old long howls gamo quito practical onco more. If n shell can bo sent with caso through tho strongest armour afloat, nt a range of a littlo littlo loss than a mile, it is not easy to seo why ships should wish to got closer, unless tho sea was so rough that accuracy of aim at long rango was impossible. But a rough soa would render ramming more difficult than over ; and it is quito possiblo that hoavy ordi nance properly served would render tho pro pinquity essential to ramming impossible. — JHngineer. 