rpHE late proceedings in the Assembly nre J_ calculated to cause all residents in this colony who desire to see it bonored and respected to experience a keen sense of shame and humiliation. Nothing more discreditable and disreputable has occurred either here ot In nny Australian Legislative Assembly. It will be seen by the Parliamentary summary wo give that on the 22nd inst. Mr Garbett rose in the Assembly and accused Mr Pabkes and others of conspiring to injure his character, by interviewing the ' person named Drans keld ' and an ex-tide waiter rejoicing in the appellation of Sobimes, and endeavouring, but vainly, to eet the latter to sien a statutory declaration to the effect', that he had paid him (Mr Gabrett) money to procure for him a situation under Government. Thereafter followed much talk and Mr Pabkes once arose to speak ; but being interrupted resumed his seat, assumed an air of injured innocence and outraged propriety, and though called upon to deny the charge brought against him and explain his conduct, denounced, jeered at, and taunted held his place. Next evening, however, after the usual protestations of being actuated solely by a seriBe of public duty and a desire to preserve the honor of the House intact, he poured forth the budget ofjscandal ous assertions he had extracted from Messrs. Deansfield and Sobimes, the purport of which was to charge Mr Gabbett with receiving bribes to exercise his Parliamentary influence oh behalf of persons who had claims ngainst Government, or who wanted situations in the Civil service. Mr Pabkes also Btated that as he was coming to the House that night his ardent disciple — Mr Walter Cooper— told him that Mr Gabrett had received £50 from a Mr Riokabds for the exercise of his Parliamentary influence on his behalf — which statement Mr Cooper has , since, by a published letter, declared to be erroneous. We shall not at present express an opinion as to the validity, or otherwise, of the hearsay statements made by Mr Pabkes, on the authority of such shady parties as a political go-between and a dis carded tide-waiter, nor shall we assert that the Minister for Lands is irreproachable and immaculate; but those opposed to him must prove their case against him — if they can — and have not yet done so. As to the conduct of Mr Parses we fancy but one opinion will be generally entertained, viz, that he is the meanest public man and ex-Minister in the colony. As Mr Buchanan is fond of finding nameB from the works of Dickens for M.P.'b., we suggest to him Gashford — the secretary to Lord Geoboe Gobdon Bpoken of in ' Barnaby Budge ' — as a fitting synonym for Mr Pabkes. The latter hon. gentleman (J) must sorely be related to the ingenious individual who, being detected in the act of listening at a keyhole to the conversation of a newly married couple, said he only did so because he wished to ascertain if they were happy ; and his protestations as to the pure motives which led him to inquire into matters affecting the character of the present Minister for Lands are about as valid and reliable as the above excuse. Had Mr Gabrett been merely a private M. P. we should have heard nothing of these charges ; but being a persis tent political opponent and a Minister Mr Pabkes went stealthily about raking up mud to throw at him. After all such actions are only characteristic of the person who invented the Kiama ghost story ; who concealed a short hand writer behind a door to take down O'Fakreil's words; who drew Sir Jamks Martin into a correspondence and then read his letters on the hustings at an election; who treasured up some laudatory remarks which Mr Forster — surely when in an unwontedly amiable mood — wrote to him concerning the trash intended for poetry and entitled ' Murmurs of the Stream ' of which he (Mr Pabkes) was the author, and published the said remarks when Mr Forstek, years afterwards, spoke derisively of these ' Murmurs ;' and who — as we learn from Sir James Mabtin's lately published correspon dence — threw the Governor over in the Gabdineb pardon affair, as he threw his colleague and old friend Mr Butler over as respected the Chief Justiceship appointment. We hold that- the hon. Members of the Assembly were right in refusing again to go through the farce of calling witnesses whom they could neither administer an oath to nor compel to give evidence at the bar of the House j but we think the Minister for Lands — if he can— should take some further steps to disprove the statements that have been made respecting him, otherwise a shade of suspicion will rest upon his character. And we would again urge that such scandals as thoBe to which we have adverted show the necessity that exists for payment of M.P.'b.— in the Assembly at least As it is a con stituency elect a politician they know to be needy, work him like a cab-horse aa res, ects attention' to their local requirements, pay him uothlng, and yet are qnite prepared to condemn him if it be proved that his need has nrtde him greedy. It has been urged, tfiat if M.P»V. were paid those whdare now^rrefined to make money by uryjetljtlna and surreptitious means would ?Sfflr^continne to do so; but at least they would have no excuse for Buch practices, and surely we have not come to such a sorry pass that in this young colony honest men, willing to serve their country faithfully if the means of maintaining a respectable position be guaranteed to them, cannot be found By this means, also, the practice of hon. Members linliHntr nositions as advocates before the Minister for Lands, which Mr Buchanan rightly characterised as degrading to Parlia ment, might be done away with. 