OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From oar own Correspondent. I London, Friday, March 19. THE NEW FBENOH CONSTITUTION— THE BDFFiT MINISTBY. The Frenob. Republic is now definitely con sfcituted. The 25th day of February will be for some time at. least a red-letter day in the politi cal calendar of France. At that date the Na tlonal Assembly,; after summarily disposing of sundry farther amendments, passed the Pablic Powers Bill by 436 to 262 votes ; M. Thiers, the Dae de Broglie, and other political celebrities swelling the majority. . The final vote was pre ceded by lugubrious and solemn warnings from one or two Legitimists of note, whose cause is now formally condemned by a Legislature which only 18 months (ago was ready by a large ma jority to welcome back again the' Comte de Chambord. On the preceding day the Senate Bill, the previsions of which had been so fiercely contested, was passed as a whole by 448 to 241 votes. Threats and cajolery failed alike to move the Left from their settled pur pose. ' The hands of the Liberals were raised for or against with mechanical inflexibility, al ways the same, always emphatically marking the rout of the minority, bearing stoically the ironical laughter of the Right, listening neither to threats nor reproaches, nor jeers nor denunciations, voting against the Republican principle itself, and showing themselves alone inflexible in that movement of the hands which resembled the regularity of a German military exercise ' This remarkable discipline— a thing almost; unprecedented in the political annals of France— was of course successful. The ten clauses of the Senate Bill, with one exception, were passed, and next day the whole Constitu tion, as. I have said. The provisions of the new Constitution— The Law on the Organiza tion of Powers — may be britfly described. It provides for two Assemblies — the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate ; the former elected by universal suffrage in accordance with the electoral law. The President is elected by these two bodies united, for a seven years' term, and is eligible for re-election. His functions, which are defined in Article III. of the new law, are those which are customarily assigned to the Executive, save that concurrently with the two Chambers, he 'has the initiative of legislation.' To him also is assigned the rich t of nominating the Councillors of Stats. The President, in conjunction with the Senate, can dissolve the Chamber of Deputies before the legal expiration of its term, and must order new elections within three months. The mem bers of the Cabinet will, 'as a body,' be 're- sponsible to the Chambers for the general policy of the Government, and individually for their personal acts. The President of the Republic is only responsible 'in oaae of high treason.' Up to the close of the pre sent Septennate, the Constitution can only be revised at the suggestion ' of Marshal Mac Mahon. Subsequently, Bhoull both of the Chambers, at their own instance or that of the President, decide by an absolute majority in favor of such a revision, the law provides that they are then to meet as one National Assembly for that purpose, and that an absolute majority must decide upon an entire or partial change of the Constitution It will thus be seen that there is no chance of a legal alteration of the present regime, except by the initiative of the President, till his term of office expires. Up to 1880 Legitimists and Bonapartists can gaia their objects only by revolution. The Senate Iiiw consists of nine articles.- It provides for a Chamber of 300 members, of whom 75 are to be elected by the National As sembly, and the remainder by the Depart ments in specified proportions; the Electoral College, 'consisting of Deputies, General Councils,' and Councils of districts, and dele gates elected by each Municipal Council among the electors of the Commune.' Every Senator must be a Frenchman, 4,0 years of age, and one third of the whole are to retire every three years. Bat this second Chamber does not come into existence till ' one month previous to the day fixed by the National Assembly for its dissolution.' As the present Assembly may take no voluntary step with that view, the President can assume the initiative by ordering the election of a Senate, and one month from that date a dissolution mast take place. After the new Constitution had been officially pro mulgated, the Official Gazette announced that Marshal MacMahwa had entrusted M. Buffet, the President of the Assembly, with the formation of a new Ministry, adding in characteristic fashion that the Marshal was firmly resolved now, as before the passing of the constitutional laws, to up lold the Conservative principles which had formed the basis of his policy since power was entrusted to him by the Assembly. During the preceding critical days M. Buffet had been absent in the VosgeB, attending his mother during her last hours. It was several more days before he was able to return to Versailles, and meanwhile everything was in abeyance. Bat at the sitting of the Assembly on March 1st M. Buffet daring his absence was re-elected President of the House by the largest majority he has yet obtained. Five hundred and forty two members voted, and of theBe 479 gave him their support. This demonstration, in which the Left took a prominent part, was made for the purpose of showing that M. Buffet would command a majority in the Bouse should ha undertake the formation of a new Ministry. It soon appeared that the task of forming the first Constitutional Government since the war of 1870 was by no means an easy one. In fact, 10 days were consumed in the difficult negotiations. More than once M. Buffet abandoned his task and resumed it again. There was little trouble with any of the appointments except that of the Minister of the Interior — the chief who has absolute control over the prefects and other provincial functionaries, and who will sooner or later have to arrange for a general election. On the 8tb, it appears, the obstinate scruples of the Due d'Audiffret-Paequier, a decided antiBona partist. were at length, overcome, and the Cabinet was thus constituted : — M. Baffet, Vioe-PreBident of the Council without port folio ; the Duo d'Audiffret-Pasquier, Interior ; M. Duiaure, Justice; M. Leon Say, Fi nance; the Duo Decazas, Foreign Affairs; General de CHssey, War; Admiral de Montaignac, Marine ; M. de Meaux, Agricul ture and Commerce; M. Caillaux, Public Works; M. Wallon, Public Instruction. On the 9th, however, the President strongly objected to the nomination of Due Pasquier, owing, it is supposed, to information he had received as to the extreme hostility of the Bona partist officers to that statesman- This is pro bable, for it has come to light that the Impe rialists haye been carrying on their system of agitation in the army as elsewhere, and not without result, while it is to be noted, also, that in the very middle' of the Ministerial crisis General de Oissey demanded and obtained urgency for an Act authorising the President to mobilise a'l reserves by decree, without any further formalities. This Act was passed amid profound silence, and by an Assembly almost awestruck by its own vote. M. Buffet became his own Home Minister with a portfolio. The Duo was offered the Ministry of Pablic Instruc tion, but peremptorily refused, and the Cabinet was constituted without him. By a separation of the Ministries of Agriculture and Com merce a place was found at the head of the former department for M. Lavergne of the Left Centre. This compromise was accepted by all the groups forming the majority that car ried the constitutional laws, including the Left, which, although constituting so large a proportion of that majority, put in no claim to be directly represented in the new Govern ment. M. BUFFET, THE NEW FBBIE MINTSTEB. Of the new Premier of France the Spectator says : — He is believed to agree with the Due d'Audriffret-Pasquier and the Due Decazes in thinking that, for the present at least, the attempt to set up a Monarchy must be aban doned. Much as he would have preferred a Constitutional King, he is too Bhrewd not to see that the immediate future belongs either to an Empire or the Republic. An Empire would mean a military absolutism for yean, if not permanently, and such a system is ab horrent to a man who has been trained to revere the traditions of English Constitu tionalism. There remains but the Republic, and the general belief is that he will set him self to make it rigidly Conservative. la truth, he is rather a Conservative than a Royalist. Unlike those zealots to whom devotion to the Comte de Chambord is a religion, bristling with symbols of damnation as well as glowing with hymns of ecstacy, and who disdain the prudential motives of a calculating statesman ship. M. Buffet would prefer a King to a Republic, mainly because he believes that a King would be a better bulwark against Radi calism and Socialism. He fought against Socialism in 1848. It Is the spectre which scares Frenohmen of his frigid, sceptical, and intensely respectable temperament. He be lieves that a Republic constantly tends to drop into the stream of Radicalism, unless it be lashed fast to the shore of ancient usage. His friends think that if any one can. prevent it from drifting it is he. The Orleanists are the more eager to get the aid of his strong hand because they know that they cannor govern without the Left Centre, which means M. Thiers, and because they suspect that the Left Centre may soon be dependent on the Left, which, means M. Gambetta. They think that the iron will and the vigorous intel lect of their own leader may be a match for the craft of the one Republican statesman and the personal force of the other. Nor would Re publicanB like M. Casimir Perier and M. Icon Say regret such a success, if it were to stop short of attempts to restore the Monarchy. They are as Conservative as M. Buffet himself. They are also nervously afraid of their Radical allies. In all but the belief that the best guar dian of society would be a King, they are more nearly akin to M. Buffet than to the Radicals. It will indeed b3 a strange stroke of irony if a passionate foe of Democratic rule were to help in founding a great Democratic Republic. Yet such an event seems to be so far from impro bable, that the complacency of th,e Republicans is as easy to understand as the wrath of the Legitimists and the Bonapartists. THE POLICY 07 THE FBBNCH OOTSBNMENT. When the Government had been duly con stituted, M. Baffet appeared in the chair of the Assembly to announce the general principles which would guide the new Administration. Its policy, he said, would be distinctly Conser tive, and free alike from provocation or weak ness. To remove all uncertainty in the pablic mind, this fact should go forth to every com mune In France, in order that the industrious population attached to order by the sense of its own interests misfit feel that it would be pro tected by the Government from subversive attacks and passions. The pablic powers being now constituted, the division which existed while they were yet a subject of discussion ought to disappear. The Cabinet, while deter mined to defend the laws, would never follow a polioy of vindiotiveness in France, where poli tical changes had left regrets and convictions which were] worthy of respect when not embodied in reprehensible acts. Suspicion, instead of strengthening the Ministry, would deprive it of necessary co-operation and perpetuate and envenom divisions which ought to be effaced. M. Baffet concluded by stating that the Go vernment intended to introduce a modification of the press laws, and that until this were carried out it would be impossible to relinquish the exceptional powers conferred by the state of siege. The existing legislation respecting the appointment of the Mayors would be main tained for a stated period. This declaration provoked no ebullition of feeling. The Bona partist papers expressed themselves well satis fied with it ; indeed, the party has become ' much more circumspect, for they will have to enter upon a new course. The Republican papers professed disappointment, bub they are kept well in hand by M. Gambetta, who preaches patience. They are not so badly off. One or two of the subordinate members of the Government are from the Left, and they have been able to secure three out of four of the Vice-Presidents of the Chamber. They have besides materially assisted in the election of the Due d'Audiffret-Pasquier to succeed M. Buffet, who obtained 418 out of 598 votes, and whose choice was in some sense a protest against his exclusion from the Govern ment. The Duo has openly identified himself with the Republic, and has declared that liberty and Parliamentary Government are the only means to avert a catastrophe. Probably there will be a long adjournment of the National Assembly over Easter, and a dissolution in the autumn of next year. STARTLING PAPAL ENCYCLICAL— PENAL DISE8 TABLISHMENT OF THE CATHOLIC OHUB0H IN PBTJSSIA. The struggle between the Prussian Govern ment and the Ultramontanes has entered upon a new and severer phase. It seems that the recent Papal Encyclical was sent at the request of the Roman Catholic Bishops. Buibirrassed by the position in which they were placed, and reluctant to accept the advice ef the Curia 'to devise some mode of making it up with the authorities without actually recognising the odious ' Ecclesiastical Laws,' they asked for some authoritative de claration from Rome. Their wishes were more than granted. They received a portentous missive from the Infallible Pope, in which, as has been pithily said, ' a foreigner presumed to abolish certain laws of the realm, enjoining one-third of the Prussian subjects to resist thew laws at the risk of everlasting punishment,' In this Encyclical, the Pope says — ' We declare by this epistle publioly before all men whom It may concern, and before the whole world, that these laws are invalid, because they contravene altogether the Divine appointment of the Church. For not the mighty ones of th« earth did the Lord put over the Bishops of His Church ia those matters which concern their ' holy service ; but He set St. Peter over them, to whom He confided not only the feeding of His lambs, but also of His sheep, and therefore those whom the Holy Ghost has appointed to be Bishops and to rule the Church cannot be deprivad of their Episcopal office by any worldly power, no matter how high its station.' The. Pope further oondems the harsh penal clauses of the laws, which seem ad dressed, ' not to free citizens, but to slaves ; not to require an intelligent obedience, -but to exact a violent and terrl. fied compliance;' and then, as for 'those ungodly men' who dare to accept benefices at the hands of the State and to exercise spiritual functions, they are ' in accordance with the sacred canons subjected legally and actually to the major excommunication, and they at* hereby excommunicated ;' and the faithful are warned not to attend their service, not to re ceive the sacraments from them, and carefully to keep themselves from all intercourse with them. Terrified at the unexpected violence of the Encyclical, the Bishops decided not to pro mulgate it formally—an act which would have bound Roman Catholics to obey its commands, and ha^e brought down the immediate ven geance of the law; but the document was printed surreptitiously in an Ultramontane journal. The whole German press was aflame at the audacity of Pius IX., and urged the Government to make its authority respected, and to lnBlst that the Romish clergy should choose between their allegiance to the State and obedience to the Pontiff of Rome. The Government promptly met the crisis by a new series of restrictive measures. On Thursday, last week, a Bill was introduced into the Prussian Parliament suspending all State support from the Roman Catholic Church. The amount of these grants is about £200,000 per annum, of which about one-half goes to the Bishops their dependents, and the ether half to the parochial clergy. But a further clause provides that the grants shall be re stored as soon as Bishops and clergy bind themselves by a written document to obey the law. But the violation of this pledge involve* the dismissal from office by a judicial sentence on the part of ' The Royal Court for Ecclesi astical Affairs.' Besides the direct pay ments to the clergy there are indveot revenues hitherto under their control of a much larger amount, which are to be re garded, in f ature, as State funds, and to be administered by the parish. The priests, though thrown more directly upon the volun tary contributions of their flocks, will not, however, be without other resources. The Berlin correspondent of the Times says— 'If the congregations fail to make up for the loss, those clergymen salaried by the Church herself will perhaps be induced to divide their mite with their mulcted brethren; and as the Church is believed to derive from her property about twice the income she receives from the State, the assistance the sufferers may thus receive is not so very inconsiderable after all. In additioa there is the German oontributien to St. Peter's Pence, estimated at something like £15,000 a year ; there are, too, the tithes the peasantry are either accustomed or else obliged to tender on certain occasions to the local curates. Heavily, therefore, as the impending discontinuance of public sup plies may be felt by the Catholic clergy, there is nothing in it absolutely to compel submission. Simultaneously with the passing of this measure, it is . proposed to annul the arrangement made by Frederick William III. in 1821 with the Vatican of settling the basis of the relations between theBtate and the Church of Rome in Prussia, and confirming the privi leges of the clergy In accordance with the Bull de Salute Animarum. The Ultramontanes de clare that this is of the nature of a Concordat which cannot be abrogated without mutual con sent, and without a breach of constitutional law. On the other hand, it is contended that the State has a full right to put an end to the arrangement made in the interests of the ' Ca tholic Church of Prussia,' which is as much subject to the supreme authority of the State as any other corporation The debate on the Disestablishment Bill was commenced oa Tuesday. It was opened by the Minister of Pablic Instruction, who denied that the Government wished to destroy the Churoh. Measures similar to that before the House, had been introduced in Austria, and the Pope had ordered submission to them. Dr. Sybel followed, and while he was reading from an Ultramontane novel, in which the Kmperor William and Prince Bismarck were introduced, the Prince entered, and was loudly cheered. He afterwards spoke, and urged that although more obedience was due to God than to men, more obedience was certainly not due to a Pope misguided by the Jesuits than to the King. The Bill is to be pushed forward with all despatch, and it is said that a considerable portion of the subordinate clergy is pre paring to disregard the Encyclical, and submit to the laws of the State. If so, the Old Catholic movement will enter upon a new and more important phase. Indeed, it la reported that another Bill will soon be introduced calculated to subvert the episcopal organization of the Tt'T'»»i Catholic Church in Prussia. The lay element is to be came Bupreme. There is a measure before the Diet— the Catholic Church Property Bill— the object of which is to hand over the churches and property now controlled by the Catholic Bishops to the parishes, so that if the ratepayers are disposed to oast the prelate and the local priest, they can do se and place such property at the Bervice of the Old — or as they are now designated National— Catholics. The Bill is being considered by a special Committee, and the Liberals in the Prussian Parliament ntge that the control of schools and charities shall be transferred to the Town Councils. The Archbishop of Cologne, speaking in the name of all Prussian Bishops, has addressed a petition to the Lower House protesting against this Bill. In consequence of this protest, the priests' co operation in the new financial arrangement under the Bill is replaced by Government su pervision. The Prussian Bishops are getting up an address from Catholics of Germany to the Pope, which, it says, is being numerously signed In every diocese, parish, and village In the country. The following is an extract from the address :— 'It does not lie in our power, Most Holy Fathev, to maintain at your side the ambas sador of the German Empire ; but his place shall not remain empty. Therefore we send you from the Fatherland our ambassadors, the the ambassadors of the Catholic people. They will, in this address, lay our views at your feet ; they will tell you that we staad at your side ; that above all we will be bound to you by that embassy whose bearers are the holy angels ; that our prayers shall be ever for your welfare ; that our faith shall ever follow your teaching ; that oar obedience Bball always wait uvoa year commands. We know, moreover, that still harder struggles are before us : and ao ^.*?SPa*!^,%ev«iore,5ojfally the sources f. ff VMcK :y&n;, Most Holy Father, wu^W^ ,the proclamation of tbe Jubilee, f™rJSFB*uft to us ana to the whole 2: Vpratfadom. From prayer and peni wsntial -exercises we also hope for the ap ^easement of the Divine anger and for the end of the afflictions which the sins of the age hare brought upon all nations. Woaid that we were all able to be pilgrims to the tomb of the apostles 2 Bat we kaow that you bleas us from the distance, and that we are always embraced . within your heart. Therefore deign te lead us _ through our ambassadors your holy blessing : tod obtain for us the grace, of perseverance through the Divine hear* q£ Jegnj, ^0$. through His mother conceived: without stain. Mean while, prostrate ai your feet, and humbly 1 praying, we are and remain, Most Holy Father, ? ypur obedient children in Germany.' It is proposed that the address, which ema sates from Mayence, Bhall be presented to the Pope by as numerous a deputation as possible, ' who will constitute the vanguard of the pilgrims to Bome for the Papal Jubilee. In fact the Ultramontanes, says the Frankfurter ,Zeitung, are planning a grand demonstration. . There is also a serious -movement on the other side. Twenty-four Roman Catholic members of- the Prussian Diet have signed a protest against the Papal Encyclical, and some 500 Roman Catholics, belonging to the upper classes, have signed a similar declaration. The Press is exceedingly strong and bitter against the Romish hierarchy. The Berlin semi official Provincial Correspondence reminds the German Bishops how they first declared against infallibility, then submitted to it, then tried to explain it away, and all this only to be mow treated to an undisguised order to rebel against the law of the land. The Munich Néueste Nach richten,the journal which enjoys the largest circulation in Bavaria, harping upon the same theme, goes the length of giving the German Bishops the lie for declaring infallibility an impossible innovation before 1870, and now en deavoring to persuade the moral and manly people of this country that they never did any thing of the kind. The Cologne Gazette, sum ming up, as it were, arrives at the conclusion that no Roman Catholic with, an atom of self - respect can, after the Pope's Encyclical Letter, remain in the service of the. State unless openly and avowedly rejecting the revolutionary re ligion and politics of the Holy Father. The like view is taken by very many papers. Of course the Vatican has, or thinks it has, an important principle to maintain, but this excuse is cut' away by the very important fact that somewhat analogous laws are in operation in other German States, which the Vatican allows the clergy tacitly to obey, and that the Pope has permitted the Austrian Bishops to comply with the law compelling them te men tion to the authorities the names of priests appointed to livings. Upon this the Berlin correspondent of the- Times remarks : — 'As the refusal of the Prussian Bishops to obey the analogous law recently enacted in this country is the principal cause of the ecclesiastical war with Prussia, the concession made to Austria is regarded by the German press as another proof that the Pope is actuated, not by re ligious, but by political motives, in resisting the statutes of Prussia and Germany.' In this terrible struggle it is the Romish clergy, not their instigators at Rome, who suffer. Surely this a refine ment of cruelty, and the Pope's encourage ment sent from afar off must seem like a mockery. The Frankfurt Gazette says that during February the Prussian Courts were called upon to take cognisance, under the pro visions of the exceptional laws, of nearly 300 charges, entailing penalties in the aggregate of over £600 in fines,* and more than 20 years of imprisonment; not -to speak of summary pro cesses in the shape' of arrests, banishments, domiciliary visits, the dissolving of public meetings, tke suppression of schools and so ., detaes, and other measures of a like character. . Seven Bishops and about SO priests have in various ways been 'made to feel the weight of ?; the new Church laws during the past month. Two priests were seized in their churches; in lie case of one of them,, the 'Vicar of \- - Plusnitz, it was deemed necessary to make display of military force to overawe the excited crowd -who accompanied him from the church to his prison at Kulm. Early in the \- morning of the 2nd ult. the authorities went ^to the seminary at Fulda, which had been closed to students by the Government in January, and summarily expelled with two exceptions, all the priests residing there. But the heaviest separate sentence passed during the month was a fine of 3S«., with the alternative of eighteen months' imprisonment, imposed upon a priest at Freiburg, for resuming the exercise of his functions after having been de posed from them by the authorities. In nearly «very ^instance the ecclesiastics have brought punishment upon themselves by refusing to comply with the requirements of the new Church Laws. In Posen it would seem that from th« Bishop Janusewski downwards ... hardly one priest can have escaped punish ment, either by fine, imprisonment, or deposi tion, Seven communities of. teaching nuns were also suppressed and banished, and several sohoolmasters were forbidden to exercise their flailing. Such are the conditions of the renewed con flict betweenthe State and the Boman Catholic clergy in Prussia. Whether further penal legislation will more effectually bring about their .submission than has been done by the May Statutes and the Penal Enactments re mains to be seen. In England the difficulty would be solved by entire disestablishment. To those who urge this remedy for clerical rebellion in Prussia, it is replied by German Liberals that the question at the bottom of the controversey is less ecclesiastical than political— that the ill-concealed object of the Vatican is to weaken the newly-constituted Empire, and to sow the seeds of national division by means of a priesthood which receives instructions from Rome adverse to the claims of patriotism and civil duty — and that with such a dangerous internal disintegrating force directed from without there can be no parley or compromise. Whatever be the soundness of this plea, it is accepted by the great mass of the .German people, and is unquestionably driving the Im perial Government to acts of repression and of proscription which are much to be deplored, and which have not as yet been followed by the expected results. SPAIN. — KING ALFONSO. — REACTION. — THE CABLIST WAR— CABBEBA'S INTBEVKNTION. In Spain matters are going frera bad to vrorse. The young King keenly feels his posi tion. He has few friends, but a host of in triguers around him, the Ultra party trying \- with all their might te subvert everything like freedom. They have succeeded in bringing back the old system of instruction in the public schools, which have by decree been placed under the management of the Roman Catholic priests. The marriage of priests has been de clared illegal, and the persecution of Pro testants has so generally revived that they have made an appeal to Germany and England for their good offices and protection. General Morioneb, the most capable General in the Loyal army, has been obliged to resign; and even the Premier, Signor Canovas, is in danger from the Reactionaries, who are, of course, backed up by the Bishops and clergy, some of whom \- demand that the pristine days of Bomiah ascendancy shall be restored. The young King, isolated and desponding, has several times threatened abdication. To relieve his me lanoholy, his sister, the Countess of Girgenta, an accomplished woman, but a thorough bigot —to whom, however, Alfonso is strongly at tached — has been brought over from France, and nothing but the strong objections of Canovas prevents the return of the ex-Queen Christina and all her crew. Money again begins ' to fail, and nothing can be done against the Carlisfcs. A resent letter from Santander says — 'The troops, whom a somewhat long ex perience has inspired with great respect for the fighting qualities of the Carlists, have become so disheartened by recent reverses and the news of others near Bilba - and Catalonia, that it is ' very doubtful whether they will assault the ! enemy's entrenchments round Estella with any ehance of success. The Second Army Corps, under General Tassara, whose headquarters tra at Oteiza, is suffering actual priva tions, owing to the vigilance of t the Carlists, wb» harass the convoys, and cut off the water supplies. The weather has also been very in element, find muchsieke&ss; prevails through out the army. The expenses of the war, to which tare Seen added those of the CoW, in eluding a heavy remittance te PirfS, on account or the ex-Qaeen, absorb almost all the ready money in the Treasury, leaving only a small sum for the other demands of the State. Under these circumstances it is not surprising that the Government should be casting about for another loan. Whether the intervention of General Cabrera, the veteran Carlist General, -will-give a new turn to this wretched war, remains to be seen. That officer, who took so active a part in the last CarliBt war, and has entirely held aloof from the present one, has published an appeal to his countrymen in arms. It announces his recognition of Sing Alfonso. Quoting the Carlist device, 'God, Country, and King1,' Cabrera maintains that te forget God and to destroy the country for a Sing is to tear the banner to pieee& As a Catholic and a Spaniard le cannot do this 5 for religion fend Fatherland imperatively demand peace, and Providence re quires it. Accepting an accomplished fact, he places, in Alfonso's hands the flag he has always defended, inscribed with the sacred principles of the holy cause. Refraining, out of respect for the ill fortune of his party, from dwelling on the faults which have been committed, and disdaining to reply to the slanders of which he has been the object, Cabrera remarks that the same causes /shich paralysed Carlist -efforts in 1838 and 1848 have now reappeared. Ought we always, he askst to maiutainthis blind struggle to keep up this germ of discord which dooms our country to aa eternal martyrdom ? Ought we to expend charity over dead bodies f ought we to found order upon disorder? He begs leave to preserve a respectful silence on the causes of failure ; but knowing them and loving his country, he takes tfeis step in order to save the principles he has always defended. AQ dressing the Carlists, General O&brBra;«ays:— . ' 'I appeal to your reason and sentiments loyally' explaining my resolution. If you imitate it, you will de something great, for you will obey the voice of patriotism, which places peace above everything. If not, your banner will be com in pieces. ¥ on will remain with the King $ as for me I shall range myself on the side of God and my country. Appended to the appeal is the Convention offered by the Madrid Ministry and accepted by Cabrera, It provides9 that the Basque and Navarre Provinces which submit to King Alfonso within a month shall enjoy their fueros as they existed before the present war; that all CarUst civil and military appointments and decorations, after being duly proved before Cabrera, shall be recognised, their holders being incorporated in the Alf on- sist Army and Civil Service, but that this privilege shall not extend to persons who shall not submit within a month after the publication ef the Convention.' Cab rera is to have the right of proposing appoihtme&fiB;, decorations, or rewards to officers who, {without exercising an active command, shall have deserved this favor by their conduct under present circumstances.' The Madrid Government undertake, in concert with the Cortes, to make good the material damage sustained by 'communities 'and indi viduals in districts now' the theatre of war. The Univei% which is a stanch Carliat organ, stites that Cabrera himself has commnnicated these documents, and that the Convention is signed, hot only by Cabrera, but by the Duke of Antona, the Marquis of Maueanedo, and Don Raphael Merry del Val on behalf of tke Alf onsists. Don Carlos' maintains rigid disci* pline amongst his troops and mountain sub fecta. Whether he will succeed in keeping this arrangement from them, ad is strong enough to prevent defection from his ranks, time will show. It is said that at the right moment General Elio and other leading Garlista are prepared to abandon the hopeless cause of Charles VII. But then this report comes from Madrid, the manufactory of false reports. tSE PABLtMBHTABT SESSION. —THE GOVEBHMENT BILLS AND THE OPPOSITION. She cession has now lasted some six weeks, aid the first break will occur on Thursday next, when Parliament will adjourn for the faster holidays. Paring that period the Government have greatly lost prestige, and it is now dear that you cannot have a Tory Cabinet, and a large majority to back it, without having Tory measures, - Perhaps the chief ground of a cer tain popular sympathy with Mr. Disraeli has been the belief that he. a self-made man. with out a handle to his name, has been able to bend to bis will the territorial magnates^-a class described with so much pungency in his poli tical novels. Alas ! the many-acred peers are avenged. Mr. Disraeli has made his ko-tow before them, or, at least, has succumbed to a combination of peers and lawyers. The former sometimes make up for distinct personal qualities by devout worship of their own order, and are aghast at the idea of a certain hocus pocus called the 'appel- lative jurisdiction of the House of Lords;' about which, with Lord Selborne's assistance, we shall hear more anon, being done away with. Vested sentiment and vested interests, aided by irrepressible Toryism within the Cabinet, have prevailed. The combination was asked to spare the sacrificial knife till after Easter. But Lord Chancellor Cairns, another self-made man, disdained the respite. He has been near re signing in dudgeon ; but has finally withdrawn his Bill for completing the Supreme Court of Judicature, amid personal expressions of great, regret, and with an evident conviction that the enforced act of immolation is a nail in the coffin of the Administration which he has striven to direct in the right path. This Bill gone, another step in the reactionary policy of the Government will be necessary. The Act of 1873, constituting a Supreme Court for England, will have to be repealed or modified, and the prospects of Law Reform under a Conserva tive Government vanish. Our aged Premier has surrendered to occult influences, and has lowered himself in the eyes of the country. A Disraeli vanquished by a Bedesdale is a spec tacle at which even Liberals may be moved to pity. In the case of the Judicature Bill, the Government succumbed to a small coterie of Peers, without even consulting Parliament — albeit the measure figured in the Speech from the Throne. In respect to the Regimental Exchanges Bill, they have shown the most determined resolution, in spite of a fierce oppo sition. This measure proposes to legalise the exchange of officers' commissions for money payments — a course which the abolition of purchase in 1870 had made illegal Its drift is thus explained by 'a Major- General,' who can hardly be supposed to ignore the real interests of his profession : — A young man on entering the army is perfectly aware under what conditions he does so— one of which is that he is liable to foreign service when the country requires it. If this Bill becomes law, a youth wno has the command of money will be able to select his station, know ing that what may be called the dirty wo k of his chosen profession will be performed by a poorer class of officer ; in fact, the principle of the purchase system will be revived in its worst form, and when a regiment is ordered upon foreign service we shall again have its social system for a time entirely upset by its rich members haggling with poorer men for the purpose of obcaining a discharge on payment from a duty which they owe to their country as soldiers. The men are never con sidered, nor the evil effests which such desertion on the part of their officers has upon the general discipline of the army. The BilL came oa for second reading on Feb ruary 22nd. It was opposed by some of the leading Liberals, including Mr. Lowe, who showed that the measure is not necessary, be* cau e exchanges can now be made ; that it will tend to revive habits in relation to the army which the cation paid some seven millions to extinguish ; and that it will give a legal sanction to a traffic in public offices of trust tending to demoralise the army. To this Mr. Hardy's reply was that the proposal was a question ot convenience, that it was made more in the in terests of poor than of rich officers, and that its abuse would be guarded against by strict regu lations. Though the weight of argument was unquestionably on the Liberal side, the second reading was carried by a majority of 97. Again and again the question has been under debate, but every amendment moved in. Com mittee with a view to provide adequate safe guards hw been voted down by lfcrge majorities, f On Toetday last the discussion was vary ant- 1 mated* and was remarkable for the share taken in ft by Mr. Gladstone, who spoke for the first time this session. On the preceding day the debate had been protracted, and Mr. Disraeli would only agree to an adjournment oa condi tion that a day sitting should, be held. The immediate point df debate waB an whendment, moved by Mr. Trevelyaii, to confine the Bill to those officers who entered the army before the abolition df purchase, and who alone, therefore, Mr. Trevelyan urged, could Be alleged to have any grievance from the restriction of exchanges. Mr. Forsyth opposed the amendment, and Mr. Lowe, in supporting it, repeated his denunciation ot the ' degraded, sordid, huckstering, traffick ing' ideas which tke Bill introduced into the army. Mr. J. S. Hardy and Mr. Percy Wyndham opposed the amendment, and Mr. A. Brown supported ifc Mr. Gladstone, who, on rising, was loudly cheered by the Opposition, after a passing reference to the Endowed Schools Bill, and the warning against reactionary legislation which it ought to have conveyed to the Govern' ment, maintained that the mode of Exchange which it was now proposed to set up differed only .In degree* not in principle, from Purchase, which the country had made such an enormous sacrifice to get rid of. He re|rette,d that the Government did- not accept Mr. Trevelyan's not unreasonable solution of the difficulty, but' a settlement carried as this .was to' bo— accord- ing to Mr. Onslew's threat last night^-without , alteration, by the whole force of the parly oppo site, could. not be permanent. It rested not on reason, buton theaccidental majority of the hour, and when that majority changed;the officersmust not be surprised if this boon were withdrawn from them; This amendment met the reason able demands of the oase, and it covered- the particular grievance which had been referred to ts& Royal Commission. Mr. Gladstone ad mitted that there were legitimate causes for Exchange, and the merit of the present system was that it gave to them just scope sufficient for the needs of the Service. But this Bill gave undue facilities to the possessors of wealth for evading irksome service* and Mr. Gladstone wound up with an energetic protest against legislation designed to give wealth an advantage over capacity, education) and industry; &fr.; Hardy, after congratulating' the House on Mr. Gladstone's voice and eloquence being once more heard in it, protested with some warmth of manner that he had no in tention to bring about the evils which. Mr. Gladstone apprehended. He believed the Bill to be a good one, and therefore' he de sired it to be applied to the whole army. As for Mr. Lowe, who had spoken of the officers with sneers and scorn, and attributed to them the most degraded motives ; and Mr. Goschen, the beginning, middle, and end of whose speech was money, Mr, Hardy said he left them to settle with the honorable profession which they had assailed. The Marquis of Hartington, in reply, defended Mr. Goschen and Mr. Lowe, ? and described the Royal Commission as 'a eeuple of lawyers and a country gentleman.' On a division, the amendment was negatived by a majority of 91— 259 to 168, and the Bili finally got through Committee. Last night it was read a third time and passed after brief protests from wr. Dillwyn and Mr. Childera, the latter ef whom oontended that the present supporters of the Bill would regret the course they had taken when the question of increasing the pay of the army came up for tonsideration. Thus has eadedthis sharp conflict, which has knit together the Liberal Opposition, and done great damage te Mr. Disraeli's Government. . SHAH LEGISLATION.. The more the social reforms of the Govern ment are examined the less they appear to be genuine reforms, The growing feeling on the subject is thus expressed by the Saturday Reviea, which cannot be accused of being a; Liberal partisan, It says that one of the jokeB of our grandfathers was a form of oath which was known as swearing on the horns at High gate. The person who took the bath went through the oeremony of solemnly pledging himselt not to do certain things which weie enumerated, but a qualifi ation was added,, which left him free to do just what he pleased. Thus, he was bound not to kiss the maid when he might kiss the mistress, unless he liked the maid better, and not to eat brown bread when he could get white, unless it was more to his. taste. It seems to have occurred to some mem bers of the present Government that a taste of this simple humor might relieve the dulnecsa of legislation as. well as some of the responsibilities of legislators. The Adulteration of Food and Drags Bill, the Merchant Shipping Bill, and the Friendly Societies Bill, are three measures quite in the old Highgate style. Under the most formidable array of penalties, rogues and sharpers of various kinds are gravely bound over not to cheat or poison confiding cus tomers ; not to send crews to the bottom of the sea in rot sen ships ; not to plunder the poor by qaack assurances; but in the same breath they are given .clearly to understand that these prohibitions are to go for nothing if they have a fancy the other way. The Adul taration Bill provides that no person shall ' knowingly' adulterate, accepts the ' usages of trade*' as a sufficient 'justification for adul teration, and proposes to legalise the mixing of ' anything with anything on the professed ground' that it is 'unavoidable.' In the Merchant Shipping Bill it is laid down that every owner of a ship is to be held responsible for its unseaworthiness in the event of any disaster happening from that cause ; but then comes a saving c'ause putting him up to an easy method of escape by pleading that he and his agents were ignorant of her uns Ja worthiness, or that her going to sea in an unseaworthy condition was, under the circumstances, ''rea sonable, and unavoidable.' In the Friendlj Societies Bill a Society is left to take its choice between laying open its accounts to certain responsible officers or obtaining- a trumped-up report or them from any persons whom it may choose to employ, without refereace to their character or capacity. Again, there is to be a quinquennial valuation of the assets and liabili ties, which may be prepared by a valuer ap pointed by the Society (any cobbler would do), or by some actuary or public accountant ap pointed by the Registrar. It may readily be conceived which test the managers of an unsound Society would be likely to prefer. It is, as Mr. L?we says, simply setting the cat to take care of the cream. Tne same fatal defect runs through all three Bills. In so far as they have any result, it must be to encourage recklessness ana iraua. THB LAND TEANSFEB BILL. The Saturday Review ought to have Included in its enumeration the Laud Transfer and Titles Bill which the Lord Chancellor his brought in, and is pushing forward as quickly as he can in the Upper Chamber.' It came under consider ation on Monday night, when there were hardly 50 Peers present. Yet the House of Lords is so jealous of its rights— legal and legislative— that it proposes to repeal aa Act of Parliament in order that it may get back its phantom appel lative jurisdiction. Lord Selborne proposed to make registration compulsory, but it was treated by the Lord Chancellor as almost a revolutionary proposal, and received the sup port of just 15 Peers. In reference to this Bill, Sir K. R. Torrens writes to the Times, the subject being, I need hardly say, one which he has made his own. tie strongly urges that central registration is preferable to district registration, and goes onto say:— 'Under the method which has worked so advantageously in the Australian colonies, there is but one registry in each colony. When the parties deal ing are together in the capital, their identity mav ba proved, and signatures attested before the Registrar. The instruments of transfer are for the most part endorsed on the certificates of title representing the estate or interest wakh Is the subject of the dealing. If the whole be transferred, the transferee may either take out a fresh certificate in his own name, or, if he wishes to save expense, receive the original certificate with a memorial of the trans- f jr to him endorsed. When part only is transferred, a fresh certificate for that part is issued to the transferee, j&nd; the transferor receives back the original with memorial endorsed, indicating the portion transferred, or, if convenient, m-iy take out a fresh certificate for the balance unsold. When the partieB are not resident in the capital the provision is the same, except 1 that the identities most be proved and the j signatures attested by a notary or-, commis sioner for taking affidavits. The instruments of transfer and Certificates of title are then forwarded, through the posh to the Registrar: and are returned to ilie .patties through the same channel .with certificates of registration endorsed. When we find that in a widely scattered population; with .comparatively in frequent postal communication, no appreciable inconvenience is experienced under this method, it is reasonable to assume that it would prove yet more satisfactory in this country, where the delay of postal communication would rarely exceed 48 hours. In conclusion, I would' observe that , if ? these clauses (which are optional) be left in the Bill, there will be extreme pressure, on the part of the country solicitors to have them brought into operation — pressure such as it will be diffioult for any Government to withstand. If , contrary to all reasonable expectation, the central method should prove unsatisfactory in this country, there would be no difficulty in supplementing it by a short Act} authorising ' district regis tration;' while, dn the ot&ef; hand, a change from diatriflt registration to central would Be attended with many and great difficultietrj not the least of which would be a heavy charge for compensating the district registrars superseded. . DH, fcEHEALY.— A[SeEKE VS THE HO0SE, Arthur Orton a advocate has again, managed to make himself an objaot «f interest, and to draw a crowded House of Commons and of Peers, from the Prince -of WftlsB downwards. The icene took plaoe «a Thursday, the 4th. The ecene is thus described:— Dr. Kenealy rose, amid a dead silence, and said he had a question to put to the hoh. member for Poole, to whom he had given private notice. The question was as to the aoouracy of a newspaper report of a speech delivered by Mr. Evelyn Ashley, in the Isle of Wight, in the course of which he was reported to have referred to Dr. Kenealy as having pui in the box a man whom he knew to be a false witness. He wished to ask ' the hon. and learned gentleman' whether the report was substantially correct. Mr. Ashley, whose rising was unmarked by any demonstration on the part of the House, corrected Dr. Kenealy's statement that he had sent him a n tice of the question he pro posed to put to him. He had ' done no such thing,' in support of which strong affirmation Mr. ABhley read a note received from Dr. Kenealy. He was proceeding . to describe the circumstances under which the bpeech oom ? plained of had been delivered, prefacing his remarks by a profession of his readiness to submit to any course: the House saw fit to decree, whea, Dr. Kenealy 'rose to order.' Mr. Ashley was not, he thought, st liberty te discuss the matter now, seeing.. that a question had simply been put to him, and Dr. Kenealy was waiting for an answer before carrying the business further himself. The Speaker having ruled that Mr. Ashley was in order, that gentleman proceeded with his reply, which involved a statement ,of the circumstances under which the speeoh was delivered, and a slight correction of the terms of the newspaper report. At the outset Mr. Ashley was listened to in the same -undemonstrative manner as Dr. Kenealy had been ; but when he ventured te express the opinion that it was ' sometimes necessary to speak the truth' there was a faint 'cheer from the opposite gallery, which timidly grew till it was taken up from all partB of -the House. Mr. ABhley did not attempt to justify his language, though he in dicated his willingness to do so if the House would sanction such a course. He certainly did not withdraw the remarks, and left the direction of his subsequent conduct in the hands of the House, Dr. Kenealy appeared for the moment cowed by the strong expression of feeling which the latter portion of Mr. Ashley's remarks had evoked, the effect of which was the greater as the House had evidently made, up its mind at the out3et to hear both sides in silence. He -rose/ and saying he 'could not discuss the question now.', gave notice that he should call attention to the speechs of the hon. member 'to-morrow.' There wa a brief pause, which Mr. Lowe disturbed by attempt ing to speak, but was reminded i-y the Speaker that there was no question before the House. In response to ories of - ' Move! move !' Mr. Lowe moved that 1;he House adjourn, and pro ' ceeded to protest against the growing practice of raising questions of privilege upon reports of speeches of hon= members delivered outside the House. Such a praetioe if persisted in might, he said,- become a most gall ing and Injurious instrument of oppres sion. He was unable to find any prece dent for it except in the case of O'Connell, and that he held did not apply to the present circumstance. What Mr. Ashley was re ported to have said of Dr. Kenealy might be a slauder, and if he wanted reiresa let him seek it in a Court of Law. M.T. Disraeli next rose, and, amid loud cheer iug, declared that the matter must be ' settled now.' They had heard the accusation and the defence, and it would be intolerable if a third opportunity were exacted ' by the member for Stoke.'9 The right hon. gentleman emphatically laid down the principle that a question of privi lege could arise only in the case of members of Parliament having been attacked in their capacity as members of Parliament. He had had some doubt whether the oustpm was not being strained in the recent case of Mr. Lopes and the Irish members. In, the present case there was noia shadow of justification for rais ing the question. It was in his capacity as a member of the bar that the member for Stoke — the Premier now ana always omitted the usual prefix when referring to the member for Stoke — had been attacked, ' and let him,' he continued, amid loud and prolonged laughter, ' appeal to those Courts of Law with which he is so intimately acquainted,' lie thought that the House should now leave the matter wh6re it was, and he would move, if Mr. Lowe would withdraw his resolution, that the House, having heard the charge and the defence, should prooeed to read the Orders of the Day. All this time Dr. Kenealy had been busily writing in his note-book. When Mr. Disraeli resumed his seat he rose and 'begged respectfully to controvert' Mr. Lowe's statement, that the question at issue between himself and Mr. Ashley could not be discussed in the House. Again the tacit determination of the House to preserve a decorous silence whilst Dr. Kenealy was speaking was apparent ; but laughter broke out when the hon. member indignantly pro tested . against ' what he ventured to call the American rowdyism' that had been imported into public discussions. He hit out vigorously at Mr. Lowe, whose 'remarkable obliquity of vision' he bewailed, and in a tone of some pathos regretted that 'the First Lord of the Treasury ' should have oast upon him that sneer about his intimate acquain tance with the Law Courts. 'I have,' he said, with considerable vigor, ' no respect for our Law Courts, and will never seek a remedy in one.' Above the laughter which this sally drew forth, the Doctor raised his voice (which had now lost its momentary pathos), and look ing sternly across at Mr. Disrasli, who was quietly reading his letters, said such an ob servation came with a bad grace from one whose avocation for' the greater part of his life had been the production of romantic fiction and poetic fable. Here there were some cries of ' Order, order ! ' and the Doctor, turning fiercely towards the Speaker, assured him that no private member should call him to order 'unless backed by you, Sir.' New members, he always thought, were encouraged rather than put down, at which the House again heartily laughed. Finally, after having been called to order for a reference to the Lord Chief Justice, the new member ' respectfully sub mitted to the House that they ought either to make Mr. Ashley prove his words ' or brand him as a calumniator and a slanderer.' For himself he was perfectly indifferent to the up shot of the proceedings. Of one thing he was certain, that the calumnious reflections thrown on bis character wonld recoil on their authors ; 'and,' he added, sinking his voice to its deepest notes and vigorously wagging his head, 'that I shall shake them off as the lion shakes the dewdropa from his mane !' This was too much for the already grievously-broken gravity of -the House. A long and prolonged peal of laughter broke fisth, for the full length o! which tho hoa. incmoer for Stoke stood surveying the animated scene through his spectacles. When he spoke again it was in quite an' altered tone, and with a subdued mien, and bis assurance that he would never do anything to make a single member ashamed of his companionship was received with a generous and hearty cheer. Mr. Bright, who seemed to speak with great diffi culty; gently urged Mr. Ashley to say he withdrew the charge; but the hon. member, observing that it had not been an ill-considered statement, and was made with some personal knowledge of facts, was not able to do more than say he regretted having made tha accusa tion at a political dinner. Mr. Lowe having withdrawn his formal motion for the adjourn ment of the House, Mr. Disraeli put his resolu tion, which was seconded by the Marquis of Hartington, and agreed to without a dissenting voice. JOHN MITOHEli AKD TTJ? PHBABT. The circumstances connected' with the elec tion of Mr. Mitohel for Tipperary, and the formal. declaration of his disqualification by the House of Commons, were stated last month. Naturally the Nationalists resolved to put him up again, and objected to the proposal of the Home Rulers to nominate with him a more moderate man. They were thus deservedly en trapped. The state of things at Olonmel and other Tipperary towns have been described with keen humor by Mr. Forbes in the Daily News, how the Nationalist leaders are mere common spouters and ragtag and bobtail — how every respectable person holds aloof — how it isasystem of the vulgarest terrorism— and how the entire agitation is gathered around a whisky carouse, la fact the whole thing was an exhibition of drunken patriotism. Those who could, read were enraged at Mr. Forbe&'s comic' pictures. He reoeived numbers of threatening letters, he was dogged about from place to place, but he took no notice or the bullies, and came to no harm. Mr. Mitchel has been ill ever since; he is a poor, broken-down, but still truculent old man, who has been discharging his venom into, the New York Herald, giving the Irish papers a wide berth for his libellous matter. At the nomination he was again proposed, but notwithstanding the vigilance of his motley adherents, Mr. G. Moore, a Liberal Conserva tive landowner, was nominated at the last moment, win it »as too late for the Mitchelites to bring for ward some one else. The High Sheriff did not feel authorise! to reject him, and a poll was appointed, which took place on Friday last, with the following result:— 'Mitchel, 3,114 ; Moore, 746— majority for Olitchel, 2,368. Only about one third of the constituency went to the poll. In the town of Tipperary the windows of those- who refused to illuminate were broken, and the police were stoned. At Olonmel there was a public meeting, marked by the delivery of inflam matory speeches j and at Nenagh the houses of those who were obnoxious to Mitchel's sap porterB are described as having been riddled with stones. Many of the. rioters were fined on Saturday. Mr. Mitchel announces that he will not defend bis seat before the Court of Common Pleas. He threatens torepe±t the same tactics in another Irish county, with a view to getting that ' disfranchised.' By such means he hopes t-* show the Irish people how to shake off oppres sion.' If so, these tactics will result in the ulti mate return bf Conservatives for ' all vacancies, a prospect which does not by any means please the Home Rulers, who wish that Mitchel had never left New York to engage in this senseless crusade. It seems possible, however, that the question of Mitohel'a incapacity, whioh accord ing to some lawyers' is by no means clear, may again engage the attention of the Houbo of Commons. Meanwhile the Home. Rulers have their own work to undertake. Ministers have introduced a BiH for continuing the Peaoe Preservation Apt for another five years, with some modifications relative to the carrying of arms and the abandonment of the restrictions on the press. They have made out such a oase of necessity that the Marquis of Hartington acquiesoes. But the Irish members do not look at the matter in that light. The Bill comes on on Monday, and is* to be discussed, if needs be, continuously till the Commons rise onThurs day for the Easter recess. Whether the Home Rulers will pursue a determined obstructive policy remains to be seen. THB NEW ZEALAND LOAN. — SOUTH AUSTBALIAN FINANCE. I observe that the arrangements relative to the last South Australian loan in this country, and the temporary failure of your Agent General to get it taken up when first offered, have given rise to a good deal of electioneering clamor, .which will perhaps have served its immediate purpose, and long have been forgot ten ere this letter .reaches you. By those who think they can make capital out of them, all ruses are held to be fair in keen political war fare, and I dare say Mr. D at ton has borne the criticisms referred to with amused equanimity, I should judge he is ' not a penny the worse,' like those persons who were so bounteously cursed by the priestf in the ' Iagoldsby Legends.' But as his critics have probably returned to a more sober and candid frame of mind, it may be ex pedient for me to say a word toshow how sense less was their- outcry; - It is easy enough to place an Australian loan on the London market if you will only maka the terms low enough to please the Stock Exchange, as is indeed the case in respect to all joint stock speculations. You must pay the brokers well for it, and give the investing public a good rate of interest. If in your case the Agent-General is not free to adopt tne par ticular modus operandi which would easily and successfully float his loan — 1b he, therefore, deserving of censure? How easily the thing cm be done may be illustrated by the case of New Zealand, to which I will venture to refer, though I am anything but a financial expert. The amount required was four millions, and it was placed in the hands of the Rothschilds, who, as all the world knows, are not accustomed to work- for nothing. The advertised price was 94 for 4£ per cent, bonds, payment of instal ments spread over six months ; or 93 net. Fhat eminent firm privately assign one-half the loan or two millions to the brokers at 91 nott. and themselves take the other two millions at 88, or nay an average of 89| for the whoie, and then invite subscriptions from the public at 91. Thus those concerned in placing the loan have the strongest possible inducement to make it a success; and the brokers, getting a clear 2 per cent, commission, puff tho loan up amongst all thair con nections with a will. Perhaps it may answer the objeofc bf the New Zaaland Govern ment — using an expressive vulgarism, ' to pay through the nose,' for the sake of getting the whole amount, and of publicly maintaining their credit. So far as I can make out they pay a good, deal more per cent, for getting their loan sfliat than did Mr. Dutton, in the case of Sou~h Australia. Your Agent General, by the exercise of a little patience and a considerable amount of tact, obtained a little over 90 for 4 per cents net, ex. interest. -Supposing New Zealand got a clear net price, ex. interest, of £90 for their 4£ per cents, the price, according to the investment tables, would represent £80 for 4 per cents., or a o^ear difference of 10 per cent, in favor of the financial operation of your much-abused representative. Bat if it is not In Mr. Dutton's power to take a similar course to that pursued in the New Zaaland Loan, and if the Adelaide Government would shrink from such a system of ' paying the piper,' is it not just a little hard that your Agent- General should be abused right and laft, because he can't make bricks without straw, or conjure money out of people's pockets without the re quisite divining rod, and its magic touch. IMPORT ANT JODGMSNT BT THB JUDICIAL COM MITTEE—THE OABL. The judgment of the Judioial Committee of the Privy Council on Tuesday last in the oase of the Attorney-General of Victoria v. Mount and Morris confirms the verdict that a gross failure of justice occurred in the release of the Carl murderers by the Supreme Court of the colony. I Bend you full particulars of the j idgruent . The defendants, it may be remem bered, were convicted at Melbourne of com plicity in the outrages committed on the brig Carl, and sentenced to 15 years' penal servi tude ; but were afterwards discharged under a wtit of habeas corpus, on the ground that, by 16 and 17 Vic, 0. 99, a sentence of penal ser vitude, whether passed in the United Kingdom. or in a colony, could not be carried out witoout a direction from the Seoretary of State, and that, such preliminary - condition hot having been fulfilled iii the .present cane, the pri soner^ could . not be retained in custody. It was contended 6n the appeal that the statute in question only applied to prisoners - convicted in the United Kingdom, that in any case it was merely directory and not imperative, and that lastly the Court eught not at any rate to have discharged conviotod prisoners under a writ of habeas corpus on the ground that their sentence was being irreguarly carried out, but should have remanded them until the proper orders were obtained. On both the points raised by these arguments — namely, that the sentence was valid, and that, if not, the prisoners should not have been immediately discharged— the Privy Council have held in favor of the appellant, remarking, as to the latter point, that in any oase, and in the view of the law taken by the Court below. Borne time must have elapsed between the pawing of the sentence and the - Issue of the Secretary's order. The appeal is accordingly allowed and the judgment of the Supreme Court of Victoria reversed. In an article on the oase the Times remarks :— ' If the judgment has thus obviated for the future a difficulty which was purely tech nical, the occurrence, perhaps, is only to be re gretted on account of the escape of two accom plices io. a heinous crime. But, as will have been seen, the Judges who pronounced the original sentence bad intimated that the Seoretary of State's authorization would be required. It is natural, therefore, to ask why the Govern ment of Victoria omitted so obvious a precau tion. It was not, of course, from any wish to shield the criminals, and our Melbourne correspondent states another reason. The neglect arose from the jealousy of a certain class of politicians in Australia of the least appearance of deferring te Imperial control. When the Chief Seoretary was first questioned on the sabjeet, in the Melbourne Parliament, he replied — ' I can only say there are no instruc tions from the Imperial Government, and that we should decline to recognise instructions from the Imperial Government in a purely local matter.' There were, in fact, po liticians in Melbourne who would have described any application to the Seoretary of State as consulting 'a foreign nobleman,' Ihe existence of such a prejudice illustrates the difficulties in the path of colonial adminis tration. It would appear that a jealous spirit of local independence has in the present case allowed the . escape from merited punishment of two notorious offenders rather than apply for a formal authorization to aa official in Downing street. Happily, the feeling in this part of the Bmpire is no longer sensitive to the fear of encroachment by the colonies, and had it really proved that the authorization was requisite, the consent of Parliament would have been readily obtained to the repeal of so cumbrous a require ment. As it is, the Judicial Committee have fortunately seen their way to interpreting the law in a more convenient manner, and tne difli sulty cannot recur. : EPISCOPAL ENCYCLICAL.— PABTDBSB IN THE OHUBOH OF ENGLAND. That ecclesiastical agitation whioh was ex pected to set Parliament aflUtne and Convo cation by the eaTS has not come about.* Parlia ment has not touched the question of ritual or doctrine, and Convocation does not meet till after Easter, and will then decide that the Rubrics had better be left alone. Nevertheless the Public Worship Act, which is based on the Rubrics, comes into operation in July, and though there is a general objection to fierce theological controversy, it is said that the virtues of the Act are to be tested before the Court in the .persons of Canons Gregory and Llddon. Mr. Russell Gurneyhas given assur ance in the House of Co unions that he is not again about to try his hand at legislation, Lord Penzuice, the new ecclesiastical Judge, having expressed a desire first' t» see how the new Act will work. Under these circumstances the Bishops have thought it a suitable time for them to speak, and they have issued to the olergy and laity an address of *' counsel and exhortation in the grave circum stances of the present time,' While ac knowledging the earnestness and z^al which are vouchsafed to the Ohurch, the prelates- notice with regret some . Berious evils that disturb its peaoe and hinder its work. Amongst ' these are the interruption of the sympathy and confidence that ought to exist between clergy and laity, the resort to novelties in public service, the insnbordinatioa. to legiti mate authority, and the dissemination of doctrines and the encouragement of practises repugnant to the principles of the Reformed faith. Under these grave circumstances the Bishops exhort the oleigy not to disquiet their congregations by novel practices and unautho rised ceremonies, and to discountenance those who seek to introduce them ; and the Ldty they entreat not to give way to. fcuspiciona when honest efforts are made to promote a more reverent worship of God in loyal conformity to the rules of the book of Common Prayer. The most important feature of thia address is the reference to 'the eastern pjsition of the sacra aaent&l; altar,' which is regarded as a touchstone of doctrine both by Evangelicals and Ritualists. The address speaks of this matter as belonging to some rights and ceremonies which 'do not necessarily involve doctrinal significance.' The only prelates '.vaoae names are not appended to this address ?ire the High Church Biabop of Salisbury and the Low Cfcurch Bishop of Durham. Dr. iloberley confesses that his abstention arose from vacillation. In the first instance he actually consented that his name should appear in the document. Then he reflected that the address, being too warm in its condemnation of the clergy, was unlikely to do good and not unlikely to do harm, and he sent off to with draw his name. In doing bo he obviously hoped that his policy would have many imita tors, for he now laments over his 'unexpected isolation.' Dr. Baring has aKo volunteered an explanation of the withholding of his signa ture, which is pungent enough, and pointed. He says he oould not agree to the paragraph referring to the eastward position, as it declares that the position occupied by the Minister during the prayer of consecration has not any doctrinal significance, notwithstanding the fact that the avowed object of its introduction on the part of the Saoerdotaliata has been to teach by this symbol that the minister is a sacrificing priest ; nor could he with any confidence declare that ' the vast majority of the clergy and laity of the Ohurch of England are thoroughly loyal to its doo trine and discipline.' He believes this assertion to be trus as r~ gards the laity, but he doubts whether it applies to the same extent to the clergy. His chief objection to the manifesto, however, is that it is ao indefi nite in its statements, so feeble in its conclu sions.' It ' dares not venture to utter a single word with reference to the two raoBt serious errors which are the cause of the 'embit tered controversy* of which it speaks — namely, the extensive teaching of semi Roman doctrine as to the presence of our Lord in the elements of bread' and wine, and the introduction of auricular confes sion by a large number of the clergy.' In con clusion Dr. Baring says : — 'Had the allocution been, iu my judgment, only useless, I should certainly not have separated myself from my episcopal brethren, whioh I now do with much sorrow ; but the document appears to me mis chievous, because it minimises or ignores the greatest danger at a time when the clergy and l*ity need to be most distinctly warned that the foe is already within the camp. I readily allow that the address is amiable and well-intentioned, and quite as distinct in Us note of warning as oould be expeotcd from a bench itself divided ia opinion ; but it is because it utters so un certain a sound, shrinks from condemning with outspoken faithfulness tb.9 grave errors which are being propagated by many of the ministers of our Uhurch, and by its undecided tone will prove a great discouragement to the many olergy, and sti'l more numerous laymen, who have been earnestly contending for the faith of the Protestant Reformed Church of England, that I have found myself unabie to append my signature.' This is certainly rather cutting of Dr. Baring, but then Bishop? can, on oscasion, say sharp things to each other. The Spectator somewhat disrespectfully talka of ' the pulpy and juicy oosi&gs; of our psrau&sivs; Episcopal unoiion,' and of the Episcopal habit ' of trans forming the wholesome bread of the Gospel into ; a creamy and semi fluid bread, tance.* Of .course the Ritualist papers are scornful. The Chuivh Review says that the address shows a weakness ' almost melancholy.'* MESSBS. MOODY ASD BANKET IN LONDON. Probably the American revivalists or evan gelists need no introduction to the majority of your readers. For some months their names have been before the British public, and have become increMiagly prominent. So I must deal with them as one of the foremost topics of the y day. These gentlemen come from Chicago, where the forirer has been conducting a fl mriahing Ohurch. Early last year they came over to this country. At Belfast and Dublin they got such a name and following as to extort the notice of Cardinal Gullen j in Scotland they spent several months, where their services pro duced a great effect, bringing together ministers and members of various, denominations, and stirring up. the somewhat dry routine of orthodox Presbyterianiam. Newcastle, Shef field, Birmingham, Manchester, and Liverpool have since been visited by them — about a month being given to each— and in all they had monvter congregations. At Birmingham Bing ley Hall, a huge edifice, holding some 15,000 people, was taken, and crammed with people ; at Liverpool the great temporary wooden build ing, Victoria Hall, wu built to hold some 8,000 persons at a oost of £10,000, and, according to report, there, as well as elsewhere, their visits have resulted in great additions to the Churches and to the numbers who attend places of worship. Of course, a visit to the great metropolis was a severer test — for London is critical and not easily moved. The Committee organised to receive them resolved to take pro* cteediagaon a large scale. * The visit is to be for four months — part at one end of London and part at another. Head quarters are at present at tbe Agricultural Hall, which has been expen sively fitted up, and will hold from 15,000 to 20,000 persons. Here there are daily evening services, all of which aie attended by Messrs. Moody and Sankey, except that of S&tur.; day. At noon there is a prayer meeting in Exeter Hall. On Sunday there are three services at the Agricultural Hall — at 8 for Christian workers ; at 3 p.m. for women; at 8 p.m. for men— each being followed by meetings for enquirers which are very solemn, and not by any means sensational. Her Majesty's Theatre in the Haymarket (long closed to the Opera) has been taken for a course of West-end Services, which will follow those now going on. The Committee have already received some £10,000, but intend to open other places, and will probably have to spend double that sum. Ihe first meeting was held at the Agricultural Hall on the 9th instant, and the following sketch, of the servioa ia- awaekly paper will give a good idea of the general cha racteristics of these proceedings. The Agricultural Hall presented yesterday evening an extraordinary appearance. Long before it was reached the stream of people making their way to its doors oould be easily distinguished from ordinary passers-by. The doors were opened at about half -past 6— an hour bafore tbe commencement of the service — and the buildiog was almost immediately half -filled. The body of the vast area had been seated with cane chairs. At each end vast sloping galleries arose. At one Bide a small platform gallery, for Mr. Sankey, Mr. Moody, and their friends, and a small choir, had been erected ; and over the preacher's desk a gigantic sound ing beard had been fixed. Along this side were large labels with sentences — white letters on red ground — such as — They shall sing in the ways of the Lord. Be ye reconciled to God. Repent ye and believe the Gospel. The gift of God is uternal Love. Fronting the platform was the iron gallery which we have been accustomed to see in this building. The floor was thickly strewn with sawdust, and all the arrangements seemed to have been made with great care and forethought excepting the arrangements for reporters, which had either been forgotten or intentionally ignored. Such arrangements there were none, and some ef these gentlemen, after many vain enquiries and expostulations, were compelled to shift for themselves amongst the audience as well as they csuld. That audience, by the time the services began, could scarcely have num bered less than 15,000 persons. It filled the whole building. It was quiet and undemonstra tive, and confined nearly altogether to the , lower sections of the middle classes, the profes sional 'element being apparently scarcely re presented; and, although there were several thousand' of women and girls, the large majority were men. Before Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey made ther appearance, the choir sang, with great effeot, three of the hymns from Mr. Sankey's book, one of them set to a vary obvious adaptation of a well-known negro song. At half-past 7 Messrs. Moody and Sankey entered with their friends, amongst whom, although there were many whose names and whose work are well-known to our readers, there were none of the chief priests or scribes — not a Bishop, not a Dean, not a Canon, not even an Archdeacon. The good Caliph Haraun Alraschid, as we all know, used to disguise himself sad walk about to see how things were going on in his diocese — for he was ' commander of the faithful' — the result of which was that one day an Imaum was basti nadoed. But we do not think that any Bishop waB at the Agricultural Hall in disguise, looking after the clergy and people of his diooege, and seeing how religion was going on. Tnere must have been persons present at tbe meeting, besides strangers from afar, from at least four dioceses — Canterbury, London, Win chester, and Rochester, but, as far as we oould detect, not one of the four prelates put in an appearance. The service began by Mr. Moody calling upon the people to sii-g, ' Praise God, from whom all blersuig flow,' whioh was sung with great heartiness, and with a peculiarly solemn effect. A short prayer followed, and immediately there wai given out :— All people that oa earth do dwell. The audience had now found their voices, and the roll of the music, as it filled the vast build ing, was very powerful— especially in the last verse, which was given, at Mr. Sankey's re quest, with additional expression. We arrive, unavoidably, at one conclusion while this psalm is being sung. Tbe people all around are people who have been accustomed to sing. They are unmistakably ordinary attendants at Noncon formist plaoeB of worship. They sang with an ease and a knowledge of the words to which non-attendants could not have attained, At the conclusion of the psalm Mr. Moody called for silent prayer. Perhaps this was the most striking scene during the whole evening. Amongst all the thousands present, not a breath nor a movement could be heard. It seemed as if the command once given bad been repeated; and obeyed by the « hole living sea by whioh we were surrounded — ' Be still and know tbat I am God.' The silence was broken by a brief prayer from Mr. Moody — earnest, pleading, beseeching. Mr. Sankey next sang the hymn beginning — Wnat means this eager, anxious throng ? Bach verse, expecting the last, ending— Jesus of Nazareth passeth by. But the hut verse ending — Jesus of Nazareth has passed by. It was strange to hear a hymn so sung, but we can understand how Mr. Sankey has obtained his power. His voice is rich and sonorous, and although it is uncultured, it is capable of great expression. He has the power not merely of singing the words, but of expressing thought and feeliug. There was a Blight disturbance as be closed, and there was also an unmis takable disposition to applaud, expressing itBelf in a vigorous clapping of hands, but the disturbance and the applause were both quieted, and then the audience sang — Rock of Ages, cleft for me. Mr. Moody now read, with one or two observe tione, the first chapter of the First Epistle to the C/'orinthians, and while he is reading and speaking we have time to look. We see that he has all the physical qualities of a great popular orator. His broad shoulders, his deep chest, his massive build— these are the signs of strength and endurance. His voice is dear and strong, and last night it could ba heard without the leiat d.ffieulty in the remotest corner of the ? hall, although sometimes tha waves of sound leemel to mix up the artioulatioawBO tbat the Volee was distinct, %ut the words were not* 'We next sang— all together^- ??- Free from the Jaw, oh. happy condition ! with the chorus to each verse^ and then Mr. Moody gave an. address. It was not long — per- haps not quite half- an-hour— out we did not look at the time. It was plain, earnest, bold pleading, an exhibition of the love of God, and the possibility of salvation. It was delivered, for the most part, in short, abrupt sentences, accompanied every now and then with an -urgent manner. It was not cultured eloquenoe ; it was of the style of second-rate platform oratory— none the worse for that, for such oratory has always best moved the people, and it is to move the people that Ur. Moody has come to England. There was nothing- in bad taste. We should judge that his purpose would always keep Mr. Moody free in this respect, and it was listened to with profound attention. It seemed to close abruptly. Afterwards he aaug— :.??,:? Ho ! my comrade* ] see the signal, Mr. Sankey's favorite hymn, with the now well-known chorus — Hold the fort, for I am coming. Then, after a blessing pronounced by Dr. AUon, the congregation dispersed, the service having lasted exactly an hour and a quarter. Without entering into criticism, which at present would be out of place, we may say that it impressed us very favorably. This is the kind of thing that has been going en in London ever since the 9th inst. The congre gations at the Agricultural Hall have increased from 15.000 to 20,000, as many as the building will hold, and Exeter Hall is daily crowded for the prayer meeting, at which special requests fer supplication from all sorts of people are read out. Ministers and laymen of all the Noncomf ormist bodies attend the services, and to a great extent take part in them. The church clergy are for the most part absent. On the whole, with the exception of the Saturday Review, the comments of vhe press on the movement have been respectful, and to a great extent favorable. They are surprised at the earnestness of t he American Evangelists, their singleness of purpose, and their avoidance of claptrap and sensationalism. Take for example the Times, which ©Sera the following among other remarks :— - The two men who have come all the way from Ame rica to set us right in matters 4-f religion have little of what is usually thought to com mend public speakers to attention. Mr. Moody certainly is not more eloquent or forcible than many a poor preacher whose name is never heard outside his 'cireuit'for the time being. He speaks without any of the graces of culture to men of education,' and- they listen to him and apparently forget the Yankee twang -and the speaker's undoubted assumption ef superiority over ordinary people in the one broad fact that he professes to have the key to mysteries which have attracted attention since time began, and which must, in the very nature of things, attract attention while time en # dares. No amount of satire will efface the undoubted fact that many of the elderly men. and women who listen to Mr. Meody are anxious — perhaps curious — to know if he has found among the strange upheavings of American thought some clear clue to any phase of the dark hereafter, la which the Peer and the cottager have the same interest ; and Mr. Moody adds one more to many proofs that a man may speak with any conceivable Intona tion, and still, if he only have the power and the earnest will to throw light into that darkness which no one .can look upon with thorough complacency, he will find both listeners and friends. Mr. Moody 's bold metaphors and almost irreverent familiarity with the Deity, were far more than matched by those of the once-famed ' Billy Dawson,' who in the early ' days of Methodism appeared.', to take heaven by storm, and to whoa, nevertheless, 'the common people,' and many educated people too, listened gladly. The mau had somehow found the secret of speaking froia the* 'heart, and that he found the way to other hearts th re is no' doubt. He made men better by convincing them of the reality of a higher life — higher, in any case, than -merely eating to live. But these men, it may be said, do not reaoh the poor— their mission ' seems to be to people who fre quent such places as Exeter Hall. This, how ever, is not borne out by the fact. The meet-, ings in the Agricultural Hall are very ** mixed ' indeed ; but, -even if they were not so, the Revivalists, might justly reply to any charge resting on the classes of people con stituting their audiences that they must be allowed te work in their Own way, and that in forming a pivot around which the religious thought or life of great muses of people re volve they are using their time and gifts pro fi tab y. How far they are supplying such a pi vofc is, of course a matter of- opinion, but taken on their Jo wn ground the plea would be unanswer able. Of the character of the addresses little can be said that is not mere generalization. They are short and pointed, are largely' made up Of anecdote, and they abound with phrases which are at least unusual among educated people in England. A vigorous attack on mere Ohuroh going or on the mere sty ing 6: prayers instead of praying may be looked for at any moment, be the subject of the address what ft may. Mr. Moody has a large collection of cases, all within his own experience, in which prayers made in faith have been answered ; and his way to this faith is so simple that the only wonder to him appears to be that any one should miss ' it. ' Only wait,' he says, ' and the Lord will do all that is needed. You may yex an earthly friend by importunity, but the readiest way to vex the Almighty' is by not importuning Him enough.' The idea is common, but the setting and the manner are peculiar, acd the latter is so grave that there is rarely much, laughter even at remarks which would read as jokes. Same of the old Methodists greatly enjoyed a laugh, even when they followed it up with their heartiest ' Amen.' Mr. Spur geon's people are misrepresented if they - do not like a little humor. Mr. Moody 's own face, too, when seen in a photograph, pre sents something in the eye and about the mouth the reverse of grave, but his tone and manner do not, as a rule, encourage people to laugh. Then there is nothing in the least ap roaohing cant in the tone of his voice ; ht» epeaks of deep and mysterious problems as he would of buying so many pieces of cotton, or of cultivating so many, acres of land. The 'new birth' which puzzled Nicodemup, and which still puzzles many people so greatly, is to Mr. Moody, even in its sublimity, one of the commonplaces of every-day life. ' Mystery !' he would say, ' why it is going on at your rijht hand and at your left—it is the Lord's every-day work. I care nothing for baptism — nothing for mere church-going. These are all right as far as they go, but you must go beyond them for the new birth.' So says every clergyman and minister throughout the king dom ; but it is here said in such a way that it seems to some extent new. To say that Mr. Moody is not a man of genius would not offend him. He professes to be merely a plain man, with a truth to tell, and plain words in which to tell it. There is no appearance of anything hn says exciting enthusiasm, and for his own part he appears anything but enthusiastic, though he is fervid enough to satisfy the most fervid. Perhaps to this may be sssribed the fact that the meetings are, as & rule, quiet. Even the singing, often very general, is not hearty in the sense in which heartiness would be understood in a Scotch kirk or a Methodist chapel, though -Mr. Sankey leads the harmony with a skill at times pleasing and effective, and seldom wanting in artistic taste. It is questionable whether he and his friend could long continue to win the attention of Fnglish audiences, but that they win that at tention now and retain it to the end of every service no one can doubt. Unquestionably, they believe that they are doing London real and great good. They cannot well have any pecu niary end in view, and if nothing better comes of it, they a^e, at least, supplying a kind of moral telegraphy, by means cf which the reli gious sentiment of the two great parts of the Anglo-Saxon race has to some extent found a common aim and a united expression. Mr. Anthony Troljope was a passenger, from Guile by the mail steamer. He went on to Melbourne. 