. ETERNAL" I PUNISHMENT. n | The lest oftho seriesoflccturca upon tlio nature and dootnno of ' Moraiouism was doj livorod-bjr; Elder William Goddea, of Sali Lako City,; Utah, . at . tlio Oddfellows1, Hall) yesterday afternoon. Tlioro was a InJgo at! tendance, ' arid tho speaker, after sohib introi dhotory remarks,' 'ill ' which he hoped that tlio audiencc'would hoar with .hinTpaticntlyj and that those reporters who might bo pre seiit' would givo the spirit, ' and,' as "near as possible, 'the actual" words 'of his discourse! announced that it' was his intention' to ape'nlc on that occasion'on-a, subject which' con cerned them all— tlioir future destiny. H6 referred to tho lore 'ami dare of onr Fatlior iu Moavori, in whoso likcnWwe woro' nindo ; how Ho sent His only Son that wo'miglit be brought back into His presence., ' , lit the faco of this grcatloyo thoy wore, told by eloquent and. sensational proaciiors thai one portion of tho' lmmah race would- ascend into .heaven,'; anil.tbo Jotlier portion; .-would doscoud, into a pit, or place of eternal punish- neiit,' anil into tho belief of those things, pooplo were actually frightened.;'! Was' this tho idea thoy . bad of. their loving fathor in heaven ? . Was heV' beeaiiso'of "some' trivial 'olfene'csicommittod by. himiu'poh oarth'to bo condomnod to eternal misery, arhilo his brother, who, perhaps,?: was.: not : one ,whit better in lifo.than ho, was, to enjoy for over, tho commimidh'of God in Heiiven ? Was this tho purport' 'of: tile1 messsage' brought upon ottrtli f r iBut; says ono„do,not-, these .Serip- .tures tell abontj lire ,.ahd . brimstone? But thoy mtist consider those' tilings. They adore told that' tlio .wicked are burnod lipliko tlio stubble. uBnt did that stubble burn for over? ' .The samo'witli the' tares which 'were 'separated'- from ;tho 'Wheat, they wero' cast- into .a fire anil hiirnod.' hut tlioy > did not burn for over. It would bo no pleasure for our Fathor to -soo thorn in eternal punisli- mont. Certainly, it was talked about in the Scrip.tlires;l -The 1 speaker i then : 'broke off' suddenly from tho question of eternal punish- mcnt.'Jand ventureilto define theism against the Holy Ghost, assorting .that a groat - por-" tion.of the huraau race was not in a position' toll', eommif t .that; sin. i ; Returning to' tho original subject, ho 'referred to tho 10th anil twentieth chapters of Revolutions, .whore,, tho 'city ; of Jerusalem, it .is said, would, deseondtojtho earth;' and that God would 'livo "bmongsfhis' people', for .1,000 years.;-' This1 was' tho first resurrection, anil ilios'e'who tbokpart in it woiild bo free from tlio so'cond'dbath spoken of in tho Scriptures; Thoy all . remembered the destruction : that (bamo upon tho world in the time of ,Noah, and iwhieh'ltho! Apostle said would return. Ho had tho authority of Apostlo Potor (1 Peter i' 18, 20) for saying that Christ, after iwapso of 2,500 years, broko open tho prison doors of those spirits who hail been confined since tho days of Noah, and set tho captives free, and preached tho Gospel unto thorn. Again, , had thoy oven comprehended tlio-ox? pressioii of St. Paul, " Else what shall -tlioy do which are baptized for the doiid>: if tlio doad risonot at all ?" (1 Corinthians xv 1291) Ho believed that tho piinishniont- wo should suffer, would bo a continual upbraiding of conscience,'.. that- wo hail not lived 'as wo should have lived. Previous to tho 1 millon- ium God would send Elijah that tho hearts of tho fathers and the children might lie turned towards caoh other that thoy should : .not bo.liko unto tho pooplo of Sodom. Tho speaker again mado'a sadden' 'departure from the subject in hand, to inform the audience that they, wore building. a temple at'Utnh , which .wiw estimated to cost soven millions J terhng. that tlioso who came', there might bo baptized for their 'frioiuls who! were /dead Ho tlion reverted to tlio promise .Christ mndo to the thief on 'tho. cross, ,.<?. This, iluy/thou shaft ho with mo in Paradise.". Now, on.tho third day he mot 'MatyMogdalone/ijnst after'; His resurrection, and to her Ho said Ho lrn'd not yet nsen to his father in heaven. This was on tho third day, yet on the first day II II ' "I — - He had said tho thief would be with Him in Paradise,.; What conidnsiqnq were they to draw from this ? If, any e.inclus.iqn was to be .drawn the speaker did not draw it, but having got that far ho left it to tho iiigennity of the audience, and concluded his discourse' by thanking them for their attention, after which a prayer was offered, and tho audience dispersed. ' 