ADELAIDE: líltlDA V. A fresh addition has been proposed to the Stamp. I Paterson lawyers' animal certificates, CO s Queen's | a number, £20. The extra stamps on policies have been ! i expunged, and an annual fee substituted J of £50 ; I "meal marine companies' fee, £25 for fire and £25 | extra for foreign companies. i NEW LIGHTHOUSE ON KING'S ISLAND.-The ! Argus reports that the chief harbour- master, Captain C. B. i J'ayiio and Mr. Steele, of the Public Works department, re turned from their mission to King's Island, on Sunday, in ! i lie Government steamer Pharos. A site for the delight I house has been fixed on, on the west side of Currie Harbour, but the details concerning it are to be embodied in a report ' of which will be forwarded to the Government. I THE SWEET POTATO." We (Northern Arg and) I would strongly recommend our country friends who are living by stock of any kind to make a good sized plant is a fine of the above, as it is proving, to be of great value, I v, hen the grass fails, as food for milch cows and horses, as well as fattening for pigs. Those who are in the secret are as nothing it greatly to their own advantage, for the plant is I t m te at home here, and with ordinary cultivation produces a very satisfactory crop, forty tons to the acre being by no means an exceptional yield. For the information of those who are not familiar with tropical productions we would note that this valuable root is increased by cuttings from i le stem and not from the tubers. As the weather sets in worm, plantations should be made, but I o difficulty now will be to obtain the i ii- cessory quantity of tops to make anything like a small ¡ t sent, planting. To remedy this, if a few tubers were a ¡ landed in some well-worked soil where they could be well if sheltered and watered and thereby encouraged to make start, the tops would soon be forthcoming for a small plant 'rg. As these got established and began to, push into ' thieving, there would soon be any quantity for all purposes. I It is a very good plan in putting out the sweet potato to plant the slips about a foot apart along the ridge, and the ' was themselves about two, or in very rich soil not less j than three feet apart, the slips themselves dicing from 1 is gilt to nine inches in length. This esculent has the .- advantage of the ordinary potato, in that the tops then I cloves are excellent fodder. ' 1 THE REV. CHARLES CLARKE. According to the Mount Alexander Mail, Those gentlemen who have 1 recently engaged the Rev. Charles Chuke, 'the popular it durer, do not appear to have profited by their venture. Our townsman, Mr. Rogers, the last of these speculators, List money by Mr. Clarke in Castlemaine, and was equally unfortunate with him in Daylesford, where he lectured for i le first time, giving the subject in which he is heard to most advantage, viz., the " Tower of London. Now that be novelty is over twenty- five guineas a night would seem a II be only one able to one individual. ¡ A TRAGIC OCCURRENCE A Gladstone tele' mum in the Northern Argus of the 25th August gives ? i tails iii a tragic or cure once which took place on Saturday 'gilt, near the Calliope crossing, on the Rockhampton lead. It appears that a man named Cockerell was robbed and maltreated by two Indians, who took from him his i swag and fifty shillings, broke one of his arms, stabbed or other wise wounded him in three places, and I left him in a ii rightfully bruised and mangled condition. When found -fine timcnfteiwardsjlie was taken to Gladstone and placed under medical care, but is not out of danger. YicTortiA THEATRE. If ' any proof of the , popularity of "La Fille de Madame Angot" were needed, it was afforded last night by the large audience that assembled to witness its revival. The distribution was the same as upon former productions. Miss Clara Thompson, as Clarnette, was in excellent voice, and her assumption was throughout a success: she was enthusiastically applauded and recalled upon the termination of each act. The famous quarrel duet was encored, and the repetition was even more amusing than the first delivery. To-night, .' The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein " will be' repeated. QUEEN'S THEATRE. - Owing to Madame Jnnauschek's indisposition there was no performance yesterday evening at the above theatre. ', SCHOOL OF ARTS?. - The United States Minstrels have had large audiences throughout the week. " The Bells," " The Doctor's Shop," " The Active Boy and Girl," " That Unseal Tom," La Feuillade violin solo, and 'Ghosts Goiilln,'' have been the leading features of the programme, and each was excellent in its way. To-night there will be an entire change of programme, and next ' week is announced as the last of the engagement. WES,. FANNY STENHOUSE This lady is a lecturers from Salt Lake City, and comes to give an | exposition of Mormonism. She was herself the wife of one of the most prominent lights of that peculiar people has MO are assured by the Rev. C. W Lyford, missionary of , Prove City, Utah), and is therefore qualified, from experience, to render an insight into the subject She is the anthill ess of "A Lady's Life Among the Mormons," and "Tell it All," and is said to be a violin of high culture and attainments. She gives her first lecture at the Masonic Hall to-night. Tm FAKIR OF OULU. This very clever prestidigitateur and magician will succeed the Minstrels at the School of Arts. The Fakir is reported to be one of the most successful exponents of the " dark art," and his mechanical effects are said to be works of high art. 