Random Notes. BY A WANDERING REPORTER. PRESUMING that very few people travel all over the large district of Patrick's Plains and that fewer still ever think of writing an account of their travels, I venture to give your readers the benefit of cer- tain random notes made during a flying visit to the more thickly populated townships which are scattered through- out the said district. The first I shall speak of is BELFORD, still known by some as Jump-up, a name which seems to be the corruption of some forgotten aborignal cognomen. Its distance from Singleton is about twelve miles, over a over a road without equal in the whole district, as far as my ex- perience of them goes. And it is likely to remain so. The reason is obvious. The Government subsidises no roads ruming parallel to ralways. The road to Belford runs but a few yards in many places from the Great Northern Rail- way, and is consequently neglected, al- though it is the main Northern road of the colony. Though the traffic is very small, still the Government is scarcely justified in leaving it in its present deplorable state. It cannot be said that the land along the greater portion of this neglected highway is very fertile. The soil is principally clayey, with an abundant supply of gravel distributed over its surface. There are to be seen however, small patches here and there, lying low, and giving evidence of greater fertility. The land is fenced on either side, and is principally devoted to pastoral purposes. About nine miles out, we come to the ruins of what was at one time, in the remote past, a very flourishing hostelry. It is known as New Freugh. The first part of this name seemed to me to be a satire on the place, for everything about it bears the marks of ''Decay's effacing fingers," as Byron says, and is decidedly "fast-fleeing to the shores of oblivion." It is rather a weird- looking old place, with its ancient surroundings. An old corduroy bridge, with a stagnant yellow pool on either side; tumble-down slab hut, that has already made one step to- wards dissolution, and stands all askance, as though waiting a favourable wind to complete that desirable consummation; an old stockyard, with half its rails gone, and the other half patiently wait- ing to supply teamsters or tramps with the means of making a fire,— these are some of the interesting objects left beside the old stone pile itself, half of which has been pulled down to prevent the other half from falling, I suppose. There is no sign of life anywhere. But still the old place, has a charm for the super- stitious mind — a charm which, if any- thing can, will rescue it from the oblivion I have spoken of. Do l need to explain that this charm is a ghost? Surely not; charms and ghosts are synonymous to many minds. This ghost has, like most of the unearthly brotherhood, a story, but whether such an appalling one as that unfolded by Hamlet's father, I re- gret I cannot allow Argus readers to judge, simply because its relation would make these notes extend to a wearisome length. I might suggest that those deeply interested should wait upon the "poor ghost," for it is said to visit the spot at odd times, greatly to the terror of sundry wayfarers. I can tell the reader no more than that it was a case of murder foul and horrible. Leaving this place of pleasant memory we passed on to Belford, where we found some flourishing little gardens, vine- yards, and farms, and some sober in- dustrious sons of the soil. The village consists of but a small number of houses, removed some distance from each other, more or less cultivated land being at- tached to each. In fact the pursuits of the inhabitants are almost altogether agricultural. Wheat is the principal product. A platform on the railway line affords the inhabitants an easy means of communication with the outside world. A brakish creek known as Jump-up, runs through the upper por- tion of the town. The village, which has now so quiet and sleepy an appearance, was the scene of much busy life and ex- citement during the construction of the railway in that locality. Some of the cuttings involving very heavy work, a large number of men were for a long time engaged and their united earnings were for the most part distributed in the village. In Mr. Hunt's garden, besides other fruits, some English cherries were found growing. These, I may observe, were the only ones I saw during the whole of my journey through the district. Altogether Belford boasts of about sixty householders, amongst whom I could promise a pleasant resi- dence to any who wish to retire for a while from the hurry and bustle, and daily vexations of the busy world to taste the sweets of rural felicity — but they must take a contented as well as a philosophic mind along with their bag- gage. I may mention, as one other pleasant feature in this journey, that the weather was of the delightful des- cription which makes an Englishman feel at peace with all the world, and most of all with himself. The revenue returns in Melbourne for the quarter show receipts £887,771. This is a decrease on the quarter of of £15,575. The falling off is principally in Customs. There is an increase on the year of £151,839. It is expected that the line from Clunes to Maryborough will be opened on the 23rd. 