? ^m THE DREAM WOMAN. A MYSTEEY IN FOUR NARRATIVES. By WiiKiB Coiiinsrs. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] THE THIRD NARRATIVE. TEE STOEY CONTINUED BY PERCY EAJRB&NK.; Chapter XV. The poor fellow was full of forebodings of the fate in store for him on the omi nous first of March. He eagerly en treated me to order one of the men servants to sit up with him on the birth day morning. In granting his request, I asked him to tell me on which day of the week his birthday fell. He reckoned the days on his fingers ; and proved his innocence of all suspicion that it was Tinft.n 'y'*wi.t» Vvw firino nn tlio +nrnTi+/tr_Tiinfli of February, in the full persuasion that it was the first of March. Pledged to try the surgeon's experiment, I left his error unconnected, of course. In so doing, I took my first step blindfold to wards the last act in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. The next day brought with it a little domestic difficulty, which indirectly and strangely associated itself with the coming end. My wife received a letter, inviting us to assist in celebrating the ' Silver Wed ding' of two worthy German neighbors of ours — Mr. and Mrs. Beldheimer. Mr. Beldheimer was a large wine-grower on the banks of the Moselle. His house was situated on the frontier line of France and Germany; and the distance from our house was sufficiently considerable to make it necessary for us to sleep under our host's roof. Under these circum stances, if we accepted the invitation, a comparison of dates showed that we should be away from home on the morn ing of the 1st of March. Mrs. Fairbank — holding to her absurd resolution to see with her own eyes what might, or might not, happen to Francis Haven on his birthday — flatly declined to leave Maison Rouge. ' It's easy to send an excuse,' she said, in her off-hand manner. I failed, for my part, to see any easy way out of the difficulty. The celebra tion of a 'Silver Wedding ' in Germany is the celebration of twenty-five years of happy married life ; and the host's claim upon the consideration of his friends on such an occasion is something in the nature of a Royal ' command.' After considerable discussion, finding my wife's obstinacy invincible, and feeling that the absence of both of us from the festival would certainly offend our friends, I left Mrs. Fairbank to make her excuses for herself, and directed her to accept the invitation so far as I was concerned. In so doing I took my second step, blindfold, towards the last act in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. A week elapsed ; the last days of Feb ruary were at hand. Another domestic difficulty happened ; and, again, this event also proved to be strangely asso ciated with the coming end. My head groom at the stables was one Joseph Rigobert. He was an illcon ditioned fellow, inordinately vain of his personal appearance, and by no means scrupulous fn bis conduct with women. His one virtue consisted in his fondness for horses, and in the care he took of the animals under his charge. In a word, he was too good a groom to be easily re placed, or he would have quitted my ser vice, long since. On the occasion of which I am now writing, he was reported to me by my steward as growing idle and disorderly in his habits. The principal offence alleged against him was that he had been seen that day in the city of Metz, in the company of a woman (supposed to be an Englishwoman), whom he was entertaining at a tavern, when he ought to have been on his way back to Maison Rouge. The man's defence was that ' the lady' (as he called her) was an English stranger, unacquainted with the ways of the place, and that he had only shown her where she could obtain some refreshment, at her own request. I administered the necessary reprimand — without troubling myself to inquire further into the matter. In failing to do this I took my third step, blindfold, to wards the last act in the drama of the Ostler's Dream. On the evening of the twenty-eighth I informed the servants at the Stables that one of them must watch through the night by the Englishman's bedaide, Joseph Rigobert immediately volunteered for the duty — as a means, no doubt, of winning his way back to my favor. I accepted his proposal. That day the surgeon dined with us. Towards midnight he and I left the smoking-room, and repaired to Francis Raven's bedside. Rigobert was at his post — with no very, agreeable expression on his face. The Frenchman and the Englishman had evidently not got on well together, so far. Francis Raven lay help less on his bed, waiting silently for two in the morning, and the Dream- Woman. .'I have come, Francis, to bid you good-night,' I said cheerfully. ' To morrow morning I shall look in at break fast time, before I leave home on a jour ney. ' Thank you for all your kindness, Sir. You will not see me alive to-morrow morning. She will find me this time. Mark mv words — she will find me this time.' ' My good fellow ! she couldn't find you in England. How in the world is she to find you in France ?' ' It's borne in on my mind, Sir, that she will find me here. At two in the morning on my birthday I shall see her again, and see her for the last time.' ' Do you mean that she will kill you?' ' I mean that, Sir. She will kill me — with the knife.' ' And with Rigobert in the room to protect you 1' 'lama doomed man. Fifty Rigoberts couldn't protect me.' ' And yet you wanted sombody to sit up with you ?' ' Mere weakness, Sir. I don't like to be left alone on my death-bed.' ' I looked at the surgeon. If he had encouraged me I should certainly, out of sheer compassion, have confessed to Francis Raven the trick that we were playing him. The surgeon held to his experiment ; the surgeon's face plainly said—' No.' The next day (the twenty-ninth of Feb ruary) was the day of the Silver Wed ding. The first thing in the morning I went to Francis Raven's room. Bigobert met me at the door. ' How has he passed the night ?' I asked. ' Saying his prayers and looking for ghosts,' Rigobert answered. #' A lunatic asylum is the only proper place for him.' I approached the bedside. ' Well, Francis, here you are, safe and sound, in spite of what you said to me last night.' His eyes rested on mine with a vacant, wondering look. *' I don't understand it,' he said. ' Did you see anything of your wife when the clock struck two V 'No, sir.' ' Did anything happen ?' ' Nothing happened, sir.' ' Doesn't this satisfy you that you were wrong ?' His eyes still kept their vacant, won dering look. He only repeated the words he had spoken already — - ' I don't understand it.' I made a last attempt to cheer him. ' Come, come, Francis ! keep a good heart. You will be out of bed in a fort night.' He shook his head on the pillow. ' There's something wrong,' he said. ' I don't expect you to believe me, sir. 1 only Bay there's something wrong — and time will show it.' I left the room. Half an hour later I started for Mr. Beldheimer's house, leav ing the arrangements for the morning of the first of March in the hands of the doctor and my wife. {To be continued.) 