ld IN another column will bo found a letter from Mr, T. F. WAI-LEK, in which lie puts forward a sf-rios of proi)osit)oiis for the amend incut of t3i<; Laud Act. We liavc not space to criticise the k-tter in detail, aud piupase rneifly thercl'jre to ghrnee briefly at the salient points of Mr. W.VLLEH'.S rather lengthy euminunication. hi the first place we can heartily endorse his remark to the < liect that the Ministerial Bill in no way grapple* with the real requirementof the eountry, nor <-xjir«>se> the views of the fommuiiity on the .object of wliicli it treats. We can alf.o agree with liirn when he says that little j;ood is tc» be expected fnnn individual efi'ort* to secure amcndiuent of the law : and liis su^ae.stion that coinmittws .should ]>e formed all over the di-trict, to act in concert, and to .send delegate* to Home centre in order lo decide upon .sucli oumiou plan uf action as would benio.-t mutually advantageous, is what \ri; have all aioiiu' advuealed : t;.veept that in tliis direction we go suiucwhat fuitherthan Mr. WALLKJ:, and contend that the united influence of all the landowner.-- in the colony should be brought to bnar in any agitation for Land Act amendment. Wliil- ;«lmitting, however, tin- tniili of the statement that the land law requires alteration, but of a different kind to that propped in tin* Ministerial liill, not by any means prepared to aeeejit jur <•oiTo.-jiondenlV ]»rograium<.' a.s a jjanacea fur :be evils OOMI'lained of. Mr. WAI.I.KR would like .-'.i; tie. rt-oidencc clause abolished, uid without doubt there is ijomc truth iu liLs argument that many pewits residing in town would be glad to invest their .savings in land under ihe conditional purchase system. At a fir-t glance, too, it appears rather ha id that these people should be prevented from gratify- _ so reasonable a desire. A little consideration, however, will show that the residence clause is a wise and necessary provision. For the purpose of promoting settlement the legislature oilers laud on exceptionally favorable terms to people who will actually go aud make their homes in the wilderness; it being reckoned that eachiudividual thus permanently located ou the waste lauds of New South Wales represents a certain direct pecuniary profit to the country. Whether this calculation be correct or the reverse, we need not here pause to consider, it being sufficient for our purpose to note the fact that the actual settlement on the lauds of the selector, as proved by his residence, is accepted by the State as equal to a certain money payment. On the condition of residence therefore the selector gets his laud at less than the true market value, aud if the condition he unfulfilled, the State is clearly the loser. Our correspondent does not appear to sec this, and writes as though the improvement of the laud were all that the colony bargained for. It is possible that no great harm would arise if the persons ou whose hclialf Mr. WALLER argues, were allowed to select, if it could he done without altering the whole system eutirely ; this, however is the .difficulty. Parliament cannot well legislate for exceptional cases, aud if the traders, clerks, and shopmen of the large towns were allowed to select without residence, the same privilege would liave to he accorded to all selectors, and as it cannot be contended l that perfunctory compliance with the improvement clause on the part of absentee proprietors, is equivalent to the actual settlement of men, women, and children on the soil, the very object for which the conditional purchase system was instituted would be utterly defeated. Residents in towns there- fore not being in a position to render, to the country the consideration which forms part of the price of land conditionally purchased, must only put up with the consequences, and if they want to invest in real property, just buy in the usual way—no great hardship after all We must also take decided objection to the <ith clause in Mr. WALLER'S list of proposed amendments, in which he suggests the raising of the price of land conditionally purchased to £2 per acre, ail alteration for wliich by the way he does not adduce a single reason. If it lie necessary to urge anything against this most extraordinary proposition, we may poiut out tliat in all the settled districts the cream of the country has already been selected, aiuL that il" any alteration were desirable it would rather be in an opposite direction. In the early days of land selection, had a' system of classification been adopted; there- might have been , some show, of reason iu appraising a fft a yiaiuatabn'^woUld' liaVd'ni^es^tk^'k^jcbrr^ponding reduction in the price of lidfeript ctmnfcry, so that tlie ay^yago jji^cpflfie flt, ditional purchases would not have materially affected. Now, however, with five million acres already taken up, our correspondent's idea is simply preposterous. With reganl to the proposal to pay off the balance of the purchase money in a given term, there is something to be said in favor of the suggestion. The principle of credit for an unlimited period is no doubt a mischievous one, and tlib selector might well be content to pay a somewhat latter sum per acre annually than he does at present, if he knew that all payments went to reduce the principal debt The change, however, if brought about, would have to be a considerable modification of Mr. WALLER'S suggestion, and the payments would require to be spread over lather a shorter period than twenty years. Mr. WALLER'S 8th clause is to the effect that no alienation should be allowed until the whole of the purchase money has been }>aid up, and as no provision is made for the payment of the principal in any other manner than by yearly instalments, this amounts to a prohibition of transfers until iO years after date of selection. We fancy few 'selectors will be found to agree with this idea, nor can it he said that our correspondent makes out a good case for so severe a restriction. The sum and substance of his argument consists of a very elaborate demonstration of the eilicacy of the clause for the repression of duinmyisiu. That it would he efficacious for tliis purpose is quite likely, but it would he rather too cumbrous a method to adopt even foi so desirable an end. The point really is not worth arguing, as any such rule would iu all probability be as fatal to Inimi jidc selection itself, as to the objectionable system it w;ts designed to prevent. The proposal to allow selections on account of all children, without limit as to age, wc of course hold with, haviug all along contended for the principle ; and su also as regards the suggestion to extend the area of land which may l>e conditionally purchased to 040 acres ; and if these two points were conceded, our correspondent's 5th clause for the abolition of the grass-right would only be a reasonable proposition. In conclusion, we may say that the charge which Mr. WAM.ER brings against the resolutions at the Albury aud Ten-mile Creek meetings of heitag " one-sided and bitter" appears to us to be unfounded. The resolutions in question can only be considered one-sided in so for that they represent the views principally of agriculturists and small graziers; they purported to do no more, and the memorial in which they were embodied would not hare been what it pretended to he, had they done less. As to the feeling of antagonism towards the squatter whicli our correspondent coutends is displayed by the Albury aud Teu-mile Creek petitions, wc must admit our inability to discover any evidence of its existence further than what is bound up in au earnest protest against the monopoly of the public estate by any capitalists to the exclusion of ImnA fide selectors willing and anxious to improve and to reside upon their selections. THE statements of Dr. Youii, the City C-oroner of Melbourne, with regard to colonial ale Jiave at length been completely disposed of, the popular drink has stood the test of an investigation so rigid as to put the possibility of the existence of anything like a general system of adulteration, altogether out of the question. There is good beer, beer of indifferent quality, and bad beer, to be found in colonial breweries, hut the worst samples are it appeal's free from deleterious ingredients, and owe their inferiority merely to lack of skill in the manufacture, or the presence of an undue proportion of Yan Yean, necessitated wc presume by the demand for a cheap article. Such in effect is the verdict pronounced by competent authorities, and to show that it may be accepted as trustworthy, .we may briefly glance at the circumstances under which tlie, recent investigation was carried out. First, then, samples to be experimented upon were purchased on the same day from 709 different publicbousfes in Melbourne aud suburbs, by detective police officers told off for the purpose, so that there can be no doubt that in every instance the liquo? procured was that ordinarily : retailed over the bar, and not a specially good article kept ready for the oocar sion. These samples after being marked, wore hauded iu. due course to Mr. Joussos,. the Government .Analyst, who iu carryiug out the investigation secured the assistance of three of the most skilful analysts' in Melbourne, viz.:—Mr. COSMO NEWUEIIRY, Mr. SYDNEY GIUUONS, and Mr. BLACKETT. Among these four tbe 709 samples were divided, and general jjlan of ; examination was agreed 1 to, being that recommended in standard works'bn' medicM jurisprudence, aud usually followed by • Mi.'.; JOHNSON iu searching for i poisons in medico-legal enquiries. Tbe rognfe' of,.the differbiit analyses have now been published andjOii ftll material points, coincide ,B6; itixaotly us to leave no room to £eat thatifcnyiBVCor.-ban been committed. Mr, JOHNSON, IWHP.PXPURI- meuted'«i»iilOO«amplcA, saJs^TlfiS Asfilts of tbe various examinations conducted in my own laboratory, have gone to show that no deleterious ingredients have been wilfulh v v added in any caec," It appeam, howeW,> x that Mr. .JOHNSON also tested 49 other loW/ obtained direct from the Melbourne brewers, and of these lib mys " A great difference existed in the quality of the various samples, a few being remarkably fragrant with bops, and in other respects clean wholesome bocrs, whilst others were not so good, but it is due to the publicans to say that when their samples came to be examined, the average of inferior kinds found by me was very much reduced; from which circumstance I gather that the best and most skilful brewers are those principally patronised by the publicans, and through them by the general public*" Mr. JOUNSON further states that the imperfections iu most colonial beer must bo referred to the substitution of sugar for malt, a deficiency hi the quantity or quality of the hops, and the custom of fermentiug at too high a temperature. He adds, however, that these faults are not so common now as they were; that u vast improvement is noticeable in the samples which came tuider his observation, a* compared with the ales procured by a lioyal Cummission in 1^07, aud examined at that time by bim; and that one of the samples in the present investigation was so good as to have been mistaken by himself aud several other excellent judges for the very best English ale imported. Mr. BLACKETT reports that in liis investigation particular attention was directed to the detection of those jwisonous substances supposed to be more or less used in the manufacture of beer: such as cocculus indicus, picric acid, aud other poisonous or noxious adulterants, hut that in none of the samples was the presence of auv deleterious drug detected. He classifies the 138 sample? tested as showing •">< * per cent, of fair ordinary juality, per cent, as specially good, sound, aud wholesome, aud 19 per cent, as inferior; the inferiority, however, arising from the lack of a fair allowance of malt and hops, and undue applications to the pump. Mr. SYDNEY (JIBBOXS reports upon 211 samples, in nearly all of which he says " The taste was bitter, the residues were sweet and redolent of hops. The extracts were chiefly of the same character ; in many instances coarse, but in the majority very satisfactory. Foreign substances were indicated, but these being at least harmless, if not beneficial, are passed by. No noxious adulterants, such as cocculus indicus, picric acid, etc., were found either by indication afforded by the beers and their extracts, or rathe results of the experiments especially adopted for tbe detection of the several substances." With regard to the presence of fusel oil, he says that traces were fotind in a few samples only, and in these, nothing more than traces; comparative experiments showing that the maximum hardly reached 1 in 3000, and that 1 in 8000 would fairly represent the general proportion. The quality of the ales generally is pronounced by the analyst to be fairly good, and in some instances very fine; while the faults are described as being "not inherent, but caused by bad treatment, such as insecure corking, unfilled bottles, etc." Mr. GIBBONS also says that the notion of cocculus iudicus being used by brewers has no foundation in fact; the rumor having only gained currency upon the strength of some fabulous Receipts, and repeated misstatements about the so called large imports of the drug! It appears in fact that the importation of cooculus indicus its very smalL, and that«what does arrive is mostly re-exported, its main use being for the manufacture of certain verrninkilling i iiostrums, and notably a popular Germcn ointment. To Air. COSMO NEWBERRY were entrusted 200 samples,, concerning whicli, to judge from the tone of liis remarks, he was not disppsed to report too favorably. He is, however, fairi to admit that " out of the 200 specimens of ales examined, it is a matter for congratulation that we can^'cport there.being only the.possibjlity of focctilus indicus having bben usoa to adulterate any of theni. Had this drug been a common instrument, as is popularly believed, of adding intoxicating power and bitterness to ales, the physiological tests applied could not have failed to detect it." In the face of four such reports as these, from the most competent analysts to be found in the colonies, the libels which havc been published concerning; the 'productions of colonial breweries of oouivje ^ ; fall to the ground. The worst tliaj; can b<£ t sftid is that some .colonial ale is ^'oak j some, I diadly inaiiufactured; and , morc again,, paJly s spund aitA^ wholesome, but retailed before it^ is r^pe ! or fit jEor use. Careftd inalysis' w£' idto- (gSthilt fettod t6 reveal, 'the presence of $∈ W jof patadiec; -cbceulus indibtis, thorn apfele^tir' aliy of the 1 other ab&minations; euspwited' io jlurk in the brewer's vatsf ' Tho 'isbf tffmitt Sauthbrityou ithesUbjecfc,therefore,-who, boUHy jput forward, the, extraoixiinaty £imowioement s thpt; colonial ale and potoon i>vpro synonymous jtermfi, clearly kuew very little of tU^wrtfl^Wt Uo 'was talking about; frightened a host of people without the least occasion, and put the o6loiiy to a perfectly unnecessary expense. It £glgkt bo as wdl if ho would confine bis attention solely to the holding of enquiries upon dead bodies for the future. DR. BADHAM'S LECTURE.—On Thursday EVONuig last Dr. Badhain, Professor of Classics'nt the Sydney University, lectured at the Court-house, Albury, ou " Shakespeare." Notwithstanding the Shortness of the notice which had been given, the room was well fdled some ten minutes before the chair was taken by Captain Brownrigg, the Police '•Magistrate. We regret that an unusual pressure Upon our space prevents us giving even an outline of Dr. Badham's address, as the subject was handled in a very able limuncr. The lecturer commenced with a brief sketch of the origin and jresa of the drama, showing that what might rtermed the dramatic instinct was innate in every human breast, and as civilisation advanced demanded opportunities for development. As au instance of this, he pointed out that with the disappearance of barbarism arose a liking for stage lays, rude at first, but developing, as the popu- taste becamc more refined, into a demand for Eir dramatic literature of a higher character. The lecturer then dwelt upon the dramatic genius of Shakespeare, and with a view to show that he stood, as it were, alone, unrivalled, in his peculiar walk of creative art, instituted a comparison lietween Milton and the Bard of Avon. Passing from this he devoted a few moments to the " fools" of Shakespeare, and after drawing attention to the knowledge of effect possessed by the master of dramatic fiction, as evidenced by the way, in which he contrasted the careless humor of the jester with the bitter outpourings of the ceded to read some 1 King proved that the art of elocution is not considered beneath the notice of even University dons, and his reading of "Lear "was loudly applauded. At the conclusion of his lecture, Dr. Badham, in a very happy manner, introduced the real object of his mission to Albury, the formation of a board or committee to interest itself in the establishment of a District Bursary or scholarship, tenable at the Sydney University. In a few well-chosen words he sketched out the outline of the system which he proposed for adoption with regard to the selection of the most suitable from any candidates who might be nominated for the Bursarv, and also directed attention to the mode in which, as it appeared to him, the local board or committee could best carry out the object in view. Into the details of the doctor's plan, however, it is not necessary here to enter, as they will be fully discussed at the meeting to be held on Monday, a full report of which, together with a more extended notice of Dr. Badham's lecture, will appear in our next issue. ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH.—The works in connection with the building of the new church of St. Matthew, are making satisfactory progress, and there appears to be eveiy reason for believing that the Vicar's pledge with regard to the date at which the portion now being erected would 1je completed, will be duly redeemed. At a meeting of the Building Committee held a few days since, it transpired that with cash in hand, and subscriptions which have been promised, there was enough money to complete the stonework, aud the whole of the roof except the slates. It was consequently agreed to accept tenders for the principals, aud all the stringy bark and Murray liiite which would be required, and the work will be pushed on vigorously. As soon as the building is finished, steps will be taken to procure an organ of the best description, aud we understand that one member of the congregation alone has undertaken to guarantee half the cost of the instrument—some hundreds of pounds. THE AUSTRALIAN WOOL TRADE.—As showing the enormous increase in the production of wool in these colonies, we note that in 1860, the quantity of wool received in England from Australia amounted to about 60,000,0001b. In 1867 the total reached 133,000,000lb., or considerably over double the returns of the previous septennial period. This increase has been quite put in the shade by the returns for the seven years ending 31st of December, 1874, which show that out of 343,000,000lbs.—the total English imports of foreign and colonial wool — no less thau 225,000,000lbs. was Australian. A NARROW ESCAPE.—A narrow escape from drowning in the Mitta Mitta occurred on the evening of Monday last at Tallangatta. It appears that Mr.Conrad Klippel of Berringama, who had had occasion to visit Tallangatta on the day named, started from the place shortly after nightfall for Wodonga. On arriving at Tatonga, Mr. Klippel rode down to the bank of the river, and attempted to ford at a spot which in the gloom of the evening he mistook for the old crossing place. He had hardly entered the river, however, before he was unpleasantly convinced of his mistake, the horse he was riding being speedily taken off its legs by the force of the current. Another minute and the rider was washed out of the saddle, and struggling in the water, where he must inevitably have been drowned had it not been that be was in the nick of time carried against a snag which projected above the surface of the stream, and to which he clung with the tenacity of a drowning man. Such was the force of the river, its volume of water swollen by the late rains, that the snag would only have served to delay the death which seemed impending, for a very short period. Fortunately, the spot to which Mr. Klippel was carried was in close proximity to the residence of Mr. Fletcher; whose attention was attracted by the peculiar snort given by a horse when in the water, and who came down to the bank to see what animal it was that was practising swimming under difficulties. On arriving at the edge of the river he soon heard human criese for help mingled with the snorting of the horse, and of course took immediate steps to afford assistance. Lights were procured and brought down and ropes thrown out, but this method proving ineffectual, a boat was promptly sent to the rescue, and Mr. Klippel was extricated from his perilous position apparently only just in time to save his life ; his strength being almost exhausted by his efforts to maintain his hold upon the snag. In the meantime the horse had managed to get clear of the timber and working up against the stream effected a landing at the same spot where the attempt to ford had been made so unsuccessfully. The narrow escape above recorded, may well serve as a warning to all persons not to attempt to cross any of the rivers at this season of the year without first ascertaining the proper fords, aud also learning from people, in the neighborhood, who can always give the necessary information, whether the waters are low enough to render the venture safe. BOWK A BACKS,—A correspondent at Bowna, writing under date of Tuesday last, says :—" The weather being propitious the Queen s Birthday Races came off very successfully on Monday last in the presence of a huge crowd of spectators, including visitors from Jindera, Thurgoona, Sandy Creek, Bungowanuah, and other neighboring townships. Nor was Albury unrepresented, as I noticed several prominent members of your Municipal Council who had taken advantage of the glorious weather to have a drive into the bush. Of the racing I uiav say that the various events were well contested, and the pace considering the time of year and the condition of the horses was very fair for an up country meeting, although perhaps hardly good enough to warrant the expectation that any of the nags competing would be able to get placed in the next Albury Cup. The programme of course commenced with the conventional " Maiden Plate," for which four horses came to the post, viz., Mr. Hore's Aggravator, 6 yrs., Mr. Edgehill's b. m. Josephine, Mr. Serong's Day's Dale, and Xiinmd. All stripped in good form, and each was freely backed at short odds. A capital start was effected, soon after which Aggravator showed to the front and was not collared until nearly half round the course. Here, however, he was hard pushed and after a neck and neck spin of some fifty or sixty yards was passed by Niuirod aud Day's Dale. At this point it was thought l»y some to he all up with Aggravator, but the chesnut was not half done yet. On rounding the turn into the straight he was let out bv his jock, aud making through his horses, showed again to the front closely followed by Josephine. These relative positions were not again altered, Aggravator being the first to meet the judge's eye, with Josephine second, aud Mr. Serong's marc third. • For the Bowna Handicap five nominations were received but only two horses were paid up for, Mr. Brown's Right Bower, 9st., and Mr. Smith's Crab, 8st. The race consequently was merely a trial of strength between two animals whom no possible handicapping could be said to bring together on level terms. Right Bower had it all his own way from the start, and left Crab not a ghost of a chance. For the Flying Handicap three acceptances were received, Right Bower, Champagne Charlie, and Aggravator. This time Right Bower was sentenced to carry I2st. by way of penalty for his run-away in the big event, but the heavy weight imposed was not sufficient to prevent his again taking the lead. For a few lengths Champagne Charlie showed to the front, only, however, to be passed by Right Bower, who again led round and landed the stakes easily. The next race was the Publican's Purse lor which a field of six was got together. Iu this event Lady was the first to show in front, followed by Martinet and Champagne in the order named. At the back of the course, however, it became apparent that Mr. Coffey's filly had been pumped out, aud Martinet took front rank with Charlie well up. The grey then increased his advantage, and finally won by nearly three lengths, Champagne Charlie second, and Lady third. Other minor events followed upon which it is not necessary to dilate. Suffice it therefore to say that the meeting passed off most pleasantly, and without accident of any kind, and that everybody was highly pleased with the manner in which the programme had been carried out." We insert the foregoing word for word as it appears in our correspondent's manuscript, but are rather at a loss to reconcile his statement thut all the events were " well contested " with the fact that according to his own account two out of the three principal races were a dead gift to Right Bower. SUDDEN DEATH.—We regret to learn from the Wagga journals the sudden death of Mr. J. J. Dunne, a gentleman who was recently engaged as tutor in the family of Mr. J. Bowler, of Ten-mile Creek, and who was formerly connected with the press in the neighboring colony. The deceased was a well educated man, of considerable ability, his contributions to the Beechworth journals, under the name of " Sundowner," displaying evidence of marked literary talent. Mr. Dunne, also, some twelve months back, contributed seve ral interesting papers to the columns ot this journal. From the report of his death, published by the Advertiser, we gather that he baa recently been engaged in the capacity of bookkeeper at a Wagw brewery, and on the afternoon of the 13th complained of being unwell, and appeaved to be suffering from shivering fits. On the following day he appeared to be a little better, but still complained of a sensation of extreme cold. About noon, however, he sent for a man who was engaged on the premises, and asked for assistance to reach the fire. On getting near the fire he fell down in a fit. Dr. Wren was immediately sent for, but the unfortunate man died within five minutes of his arrival. A post ywrlcm ;examination was made, and it was found that death resulted from disease of the heart. A coroner's inquest was held on the remains, fend a verdict returned in accordance with the medical evidence. The following particulars with regard to the early career of the deceased are given by the Express :— " His father was mtb-ngent to the Earl or Kenmare, and enjoyed the most complete confidence of that nobleman. Hi* son, the subject of this notice, received a first-class education in France. On completing his comise of studies, he obtained au appointment in the Foreign Office by the influence of Lord Palinerston.nnd was faiifv started in life with the brightest prospects. Ultinwtelv, however, he resigned his position, and volunteered into the Papal Brigade, in which he obtained a lieutenant s commission. He saw active service in several engagements, and was ultimatelv taken prisoner. Upon nn exchange of prisoners being effected, he regained his libertv. A few year* ago he came out to Australia, and engaged in tuition and writing for the press. About three years ago h e pursued the former avocation nl Ten-mile Creek, and subsequently went (o Mr. John Cox's station. Mungoplah, where he. was engaged iu a similar capacity. After a short stay there, he went to Victoria, and returned to Wagga about a mouth ago, when he obtained employment at the brewery. About three weeks after this lie died, as previously reported, at about forty years of age." ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At the Albury Police Court yesterday, John Gregson was cliaiged with selling spirits, he not being the holder of u publican's licence. After a large amount of evidence had k-eu taken, much of which was lneulv a recapitulation of that already published, the'bench found that the charge was' proved, and lined tindefendant £50, with costs £-2 His. Mr. Thorohld appeared for the prosecution. Mr. Fleming for the defence. (Jeorge Minor, Thomas Peach", George Hunt, and J. Wilcox were each fined 3s., with 4s. (id. costs, for allowing cattle to strav iu the streets. H. Warby was fined 10 s. for drunkenness. F. Muller, charged with stealing certain articles the property of Mr. J. Mitchell, stolekeeper, was discharged. DEEDS OF GRANT.—In the last issue of the tia:.<:1k it is notified that deeds uf grant from 1st April, 1674, to 31st December, 1874, under the Real Property Act, iu favor of the undermentioned persons, are now ready for delivery upon payment of the ussurauce fee,*when not aheadv paid:— T. Annetts, 2a., Adelong, 3d.; W. Annetts, lr., Adclong, 9d.; W. lloswood, 2a., Adelong, 3.1.; John Benson, 2r., Adelong, 4d. ; (Jeorge Jieebv. 12a., Corowa, Is.; E. M. Bond. 31«a.', Morve'n, 13s. 2d. ; John Cox, l»3a. and 7la., Mangopluh, lis. Id.; J. K. Clark (8 lots), Deuison, J4s. 9d.; J. K. Clark, 93a., Walla Walla, 3s. lid.; P. Curran, 7a., Adelong. 9d. ; John Cox, -ida., Maugoplah. Is. 8d.; Pi. Cottam, 40;u, Hindmarsb. Is. 8d.; J. Donnelly, 90a., Buckagingah, 3s. »d.; John Doruan, 50a„ Howlong, 2s. Id.; \V. Ditchfield, 135a. 4r. 9p., Cookunlinia, ."Vs. Kd.; K. Egan. 22a. lr. 39p., Adelong, 2s. (id.; J. Gifford, la. Or! 12p., Adelong, 7d.; H. Heutv, 2(l2|a.. Thugga. 8s. 5d.; James Henty, 40a., Thugga," Is. 8d,; H! Howanl (10 lots), 17a. 2r. hip., Howlong. 3s. 4d.; H. Kennedy, 2a., Adelong, 3d.; D. Kenned v, la. lOd.; R. M'Mieking, 80a., Maims, 3s, 4d.; James Mitchell, 89a., 110a., 69a., aud 89 Ja., Mullengandra, 15s. lOd.; George Matchett," 305,-u, Morven, 12s. 9d.; T. H, Mate, 135ia.. 194a., and 194a., Huon, 21s. lOd.; P. Ortlipp, 40a., Alburv, Is. 8d.; W. ltudd, 040a., Howlong, 26s. 8d.; A. Sloaue, 5ok., 55^1., and 4 lots, each 517a., Mulwala, 13s. 4d.; F. Weisz, 40a., Albury, Is. 8d. ; J. C. Whitty, 163|u., Muhraht, fis. JOd.; C. Waite, 40a,, Dora Doia, Is. 8d.; J. Wvse, 42a„ Howlong, Is. 9d.; S. Watson. 205a., 135a., and 201a., Castlestead, 22s. Sd. ; W. Wilson, 3 lots, Clear Hill, 8 lots, Goonainbil, and 15 lots, Wilson. LECTURE AT WODONGA.—A Iccture was delivered on Tuesday evening last, at Wodonga, bv the Rev. Mr. Parry, on the subject of " The Ocean and the Shore," The lecture was given in the Prince of Wales Hall, and w;is well attended, the cliair beiu« occupied by the Rev. Chas. Lane, of Albury. The chairman said he had much pleasure iu introducing to the audience the Rev. Mr. Parry, from "across the Straits," where ho had often lectured to large audiences. The subject of the lecture—" The Ocean and the Shore"—-was one with which the lecturer should lie tolerably familiar, inasmuch as his experience had been great and varied both ashore and afloat. In the holding of the series of lectures of which the present was the first, he (the chairman) might mention that two objects were contemplated— first, the providing of means to liquidate the debt upon the Church of which the Rev. Mr. Parry was the pastor, aud secondly, to afford the inhabitants of "Sleepy Hollow 5 ' an opportunity for enjoying an evening's entertainment. He trusted that botli these ends would be attained, and without further preface would introduce the lecturer, who was about to preside at the " Feast of reason and the flow of soul." The Rev. Mr. Parry, who was very warmly received, then commenced bis address, which we much regret that pressure on our space prevents us reproducing. The lecture consisted of au account of an imaginary voyage from Great Britain to India, Chiua, and Japan, in the course of which all places of interest on the route were touched at, and the manners aud customs of the- people described and criticised. A glance was also taken at the religious condition of the several nations, and as au illustration of the elevating tendency of Christianity, a comparison was instituted between the women of Great Britain and those of the Oriental races. Iu referring, however, to the progress of Christianity, the lecturer referred in severe terms to the vices indulged in by European and American settlers in India aud China, arguing that the evil example of these professing Christians proved a serious hindrance to the triumphs of the Gospel in those countries ; and contending that if laws could be enacted for the repression of gambling and other vices, the spread of Christianity would be materially hastened. The lecture wns agreeably diversified by an account of a number ol interesting hnd amusing incidents from the lecturer's o>yn Experience, and was listened to with marked attention throughout. At the conclusion, the usual votes of thanks were recorded iu a very hearty manner, and duly acknowledged. BONDED STOIUJ AT WODOXUA.—From an advertisement in another column we learn that Mr. W. A. Torrance has opened a bonded store at Wodonga, and is now prepared to receive and store goods under bond thereat. This should prove a considerable convenience to traders and squatters ou the lwider. THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.—Monday last, being the Queen's Birthday, was observed as a general holiday in Albury. The. only amusement, however, got up to mark the occasiou was the Albury Volunteer Fire Brigade demonstration, which attracted a huge crowd of spectators. In the morning the members of the brigade accompanied by a brass band inarched out in procession to Crisp's paddock, where JUI excellent programme of iUhlelic sports was gone through. In the evening the brigade marched round the town 1 Hairing torches, after which a grand display of fireworks took place at the vacant, allotment iu Deau-stivet, opposite the Court-house. This, however, was not the whole of the pyrotechnic display as all the youngsti-rs in the town appeared to fi.avu invested a mouth's ]wicket money in the purchase of Chinese crackers, the incessant popping of which was kept up during the greater part of the night. The Fire Brigade demonstration was lirought to a close by a ball at tin: Mechanic*' Institute, which was so numerously attended that dancing was only accomplished uuder circumstances of extreme difficulty. THE REV. MR. NEALE.—From a Ballarat journal we learn that the Rev. Mr. Neale, at one time Wesleyan minister in Albury, has been seriously indisposed. Our coiitemiHirary states that Mr. Neale is at present suffering from gastric fever which causes much uneasiness to his friends on account of its severe character. ACCIDENTS.—Two cases of accidental injury have come under our notice during the past weelc, the patients in both instances having sustained fractures of the collar bone. In the one case the sufferer was a lady, who wns thiown out of a buggv iu Dean- strcct through the horse starting suddenly liefore she was prepared for it. The other patient was Mr. Sawyer, of Jindeia, who met with the accident through falling from a horse. Both are, we iiudei'stnud, now under the care of Din. Cohbett and Andrews. FIRE AT BARNAWARTHA.—On the evening of Friday last ihe extensive saw mills of Messrs. Smith and Banks, at Barnawartha, were entirely destroyed bv fire, a large(juantity ot timber V.ing consumed at the same time. The place and stock we understand were only partially insured and the loss sustained by Mi ssi s. Smith and Banks is therefore severe. ROBBERY AT GREEN HILLS.—A petty theft was committed by some miscreant at the Green Hills School, Wodonga West, a few day* since. The particulars, as far as we have been able to ascertain, are as follows :—The school was closed on Saturday, and was not again visited until Monday. On being opened on Momlav morning it was* found that the building had been broken into and a number of articles removed. The prnjierty taken was not of any great value, consisting principally of books, writing paper, sewing materials, and a water bucket. A reward has since been offered by the Government for the conviction of the offenders. GEROGERY.— A correspondent at Gerogery, writes as follows:—" Although at present the township of Gerogerv makes but a very poor showin the matter of buildings—there being only some half dozen not very imposing structures as vet erected ir what I may call the main street—still the neighborhood has of late years made considerable progress, and our population is rapidly increasing. A few weeks since, over 100 signatures were readily obtained to a petition having for its object the establishment of a local post office, a prayer which has since been granted. I think, however, aud in saving this I do but echo the opinions of my neighbors, that we are entitled to still further concessions, considering the growing importance of the locality. With our present population, we have, 1 think, a fair claim for the appointment of one or two local magistrates, and the necessity for this is evident when regard is had to the drunken lows and disturbances which are now of frequent occurrence in the place. There are several gentlemen in the neighborhood, who are in every way eligible for appointment to the Commission; amongst others Messrs. James Mitchell, S. Watson, aud Mr. Picton, any or all of whom would, I have no doubt, be willing to serve." STOCK CROSSING.—Ou Thursday morning last 300 head of fat cattle crossed the Murray at Albury for the Melbourne market. The mob belonged to Mr. Day. THE LATEST IXTIJW.IGEXCE.—There is an old saying to the effect that one must go awav from home to hear the news, and judging by paragraphs and letters which occasionally appear iu the columns of our contemporaries^ there is a good ileal of truth in the remark. As a case in point, wc extract the following from the letter of an Albury correspondent which appears in last Saturday's issue of a Wagga journal:—" Accessions to tin; population of Riverina have lieen considerable of late, but I fear the great progress to be derived all of a sudden has been unduly magnified, and been the cause of ill-founded expectations. A large influx of Chinese is threatened. We know what they are capable of, should they become sufficiently strong. iFurther increase is not desirable, nor calculated to improve the country—already bad enough. The litwyew are fast increasing, to arrange little d tticulties. IT is reported that another doctor—I can't say whether' physician'or' surgeon'—is isoon coining. acquisition. Iu keeping with all this, it is contemplated to establish another local journal. We. ore on .the high :road to an era of liappinose aud prosperity, u»%s the perverse and dullness of humanity prevent a due appreciation of the Adjutages within reach. If these grand cxiHjctationfl arc realised on u great scale, it is what lienevolencc should wish. Should there ho only failure, philosophy is at hand, whispering Its soothing consolations—' Man wants but little here below, nor wants tlmt little long.'" With repaid ton good deal of the foregoing we ntav admit that it is as much JWWS to us m it is to the residents of Wagga Wngga. Whence the corresjKindent of our cnntenipomrv derives his information, we nn: altogether at a loss even to imagine, After the most careful enquiry, we have Iteen tillable to obtain the xli^litest. evidence to corroborate his statement about the expected influx of Chinese, nor is it vervoasy to say what the Celestial* would do if tiiev came. Concerning the intended settlement amongst us of u new doctor we are also in the dark, but the statement may nevertheless be true ; and il' the new-comer be Mich A skilful leech as IS represented, and really able Jo prevent " measles, smnll-pox, and all the trifling ailment* of childhood," we shall hail his arrival with pleasure. There is, however, one jwilit in the letter to which we have referred that is really worthy the attention of the " powers tliat be," ami that is a hint with regaivl to the inroads made by the river UJKJU the wharf. For some time jtast the banks iiave lieen gradually encroached upon, and if some steps K> not shortly taken, the wharf which cost so much money will lie certainly washed away. On the 1'nhmm t/ni meruit principle, we give the credit of bringing this matter under public notice to the correspondent of the Wagga paper, but we do hope that for the future he won't frighten us with terrible threats of new papers and descents of Cliine.se, without some sufficient warrant lor his prognostications. NATIONAL LAUOR BUREAU OK VICTORIA.—An agency of the National Labor Bureau of Victoria lias IKHJU established at Wodonga, Mr. Cheyiie having been appointed loc.il agent. The object of the Bureau, as our leaders are probably aware, is to provide a comprehensive system of regis- tration of employers in need of labor of any description, and of servants, artisans, and laborers of all kinds. Branch offices having now been opened in all the principal towns in the neighboring colony, the Bureau necessarily possesses better information with regard to the supply and demand for labor than any private registry office, and both employers and employes therefore will find it to their advantage to "make use of the; opportunity it affords. The Wodonga office is open daily from 10 till 4. BURTON'S CIRCTS.—This popular company paid their annual visit to Albury yesterday, and performed last night to an excellent house. The entertainment is as good or rather Itetter than usual, several equestrian ami acrobatic feats of a novel character having Iteen recently added to the programme. Madame La Rosiere is a* graceful as ever in the performance of her clever acts, and Mr. Burton is the same genial master of the ring as of old. The drolleries of the clown arc humorous without lieing vulgar, and the kuowiugness of the trick ponies is something wonderful to witness. The comjiany perforin again to-night for the last time, when the programme will be eutirelv changed. Poui.iCATIoNti RECEIVED.—We have received a pamphlet entitled " Mount and Morris Exonerated." The contents purport to Itc a naiTative of the voyage of the brig Carl, in 1871, with comments upon the trial which followed the massacre on board tliat vessel, compiled from documents published and unpublished by Mr. U. S. Searle, for many years connected with the press in the Ovens district. In a short preface the writer alludes to the miscarriage of justice which has frequently attended convictions based entirely .upon circumstantial evidence, and cites as examples several well known cases of persons who have suffered the extreme penalty of the law for offences in which they were afterwards proved to have taken no part He then remarks ;— " It will be for the readeis of this pamphlet tit sav whether some of these causes ot error were not at work in the final issue of the now celebrated trial of Messrs. Mount and Moiris for the wholesale murder of South Sea Islanders, in the year 1871\. On December 20th, 187;!, both prisoners were found guilty of manslaughter on the high seas and sentenced to fifteen years' penal servit ude. After being imprisoned lor a time in Pciitridge they were brought up on a writ of Habeas Corpus and discharged in consequence of a technical objection raised by Mr. Ireland, their counsel, as to the legality of their sentence, They are now free, and whatever the decision of the Privy Council of Great Britain as to the law points referred from this colony, five they are likely to remain. Their friends, however, wish for something more than this, and being fully convinced that the}' were not morally guilty of the heinous crime with which they were charged have placed all the papers connected with the Oar I massacre in my hands in order that the public may know what were the real events of the case. Some of these documents have never before been published or come iu any way befwe the law courts (a considerable number of these being private letters written on the spur of the moment.) I am fully convinced, however, that almost any impartial and intelligent person would on perusing them arrive at least at these conclusions, that Henry Clarke Mount juid Willimn Charles Morris wereVeituinly not guilty of murder nor of manslaughter, as those temiB are generally understood, and that if they were guilty at all they were so only as accessories alter the fact, a most mistaken sense of honor having -kept them from doing what was dearly their duty immediately on landing in ; Australia, namely, handing over to .justice andcondign punishment, in the person of Dr. James Patr ick Murray^ one of the most unmitigated villinnB, 1 M'hSch, even the blackest pages of -fche pnhnls of> lliOdeni crime can furnish ; one wild, in wh'atis cnHedan advanced and enlightened ago,;ehualled;'if < not surpassed, : in crime L'Ol(>nnqfftaofr ItoigaiijtM thtelilboathirsty buccaneers 'rfa'UdVhir '••'pd: dr !K"-' n ; j-.. e, of the West Indian islands more than two centuries ago. I have no intention, however, of writing a sensational story or of making a glowing oration, but shall collate all such evidence available from sworn documents, aud evidence adduced on cither side, both for the prosecution and against the prisoners, as was not disputed by the opposing witnesses in a trial for life before the Criminal Court in Melbourne." We have not yet had time to examine the new evidence put forward bv Mr. Senile, on behalf on Mount and Morris,"but for the benefit of all who Like an interest in the subject may state that the pamphlet is published by Messrs. Evans Bros., Collinsstreet West, Melbourne. LAND ACT AMENDMENT.—Rather late in the day the question of Land Act amendment is beginning to attract attention aud in various parts of the colony public meetings have been held on the subject. In every instance the feeling ap- •ears to be strongly opposed to the suggested imitation of the age at which minors can select, to Hi years, aud it seems to be genurally held that the old system iu this respect worked so well as to render alteration unnecessary. Last week n meeting was held at Tunmt, when the follow ing resolution was passed:—"That parents should be allowed in addition tu their own selections, to conditionally purchase, say acres for each child ; aud that to such conditional purchase the residence clause should not apply." In the discussion which ensued it w;is pointed out that the existing Act with trifling exceptions was a good >ne, and had worked fairly, aud that its abuse or evasion formed the principal grounds of complaint. A second resolution was also carried lo the effect "That the members of the present Parliament having obtained their seats on an electioneering cry in which the land question was totally ignored, aud on whieh the respective candidates for election neither expressed any decided opinion, nor gave any pledge, it is highly impolitic that a measure of such vital importance should be allowed to bcroine law without first ascertaining the opinion* of the different con- stituencies regarding it—information which few of the members were in a position to give." The opinion of the meeting as indicated by these resolutions, and the tone of the speakers' remarks was that the present law well administered would meet all requirements, providing only that a brief declaratory Act were passed placing the validity of past selections taken up by minors, beyond all possibility of doubt. RESERVE FROM SAI.E.—The undermentioned portion of laud has been reserved from sale for camping purposes :—County of Wakool, parish of Xieinur, portion 22.11'.{acres. The Crown Lands within the following boundaries : Commencing on the Edward Uiver, at a point 2 chains 85 links north-easterly from the eastern extremity of the north iMjundaryof portion 7 ; and bounded on the south by a line 1 tearing west 21 chains 92 links to a road to Moulamein chains wide ; on the west by pait of the eastern side .of that load, being lines Iteming north US degrees 27 minutes west 2 chains 20 links, north 13 degrees 27 minutes west 2 chains 20 links, north 13 degrees .">7 minutes west 2'> chains 17 links; on the north by a line 1 tearing east 20 chains 33 links ; on the remainder of the west by a line bearing north Hi chains 27 links, to the Edward liiver ; thence by that river upwards, to the point of commencement. UNIVERSITYOK SYDNEY.—From a circular received a few days since from the Registrar of the University of Sydney, we learn that the Chancellor is prepared to receive application* of candidates for the Maurice Alexander Bursary, until the 1st of October. Each candidate must state his name and age, and must furnish to the Chancellor for his private information aud guidance, satisfactoiy attestations that his own means or those of his parents would not be sufficient to enable him to reside at the University of Sydney. This Bursary is founded for the purpose of enabling a young man, whose means would be insufficient to reside at one of the affiliated colleges, during the three years of attendance at the Univeisity Lectures required for the degree of B.A.; the student receives £50 a year, and is exempted from the payment of fees for lectures and,other University charges. It is open to all residents in New South Wales, except those dominciled in Sydney ; the nomination is made by the Chancellor alone, but is subject to the approval of the Professors of Classics and Mathematics, as far as concerns the intellectual fitness of the persons thus nominated. In oiiler to enable the Professors abovenamed to perform this duty, it is thought desirable that any one intending to apply to the Chancellor for this Bursary, should also present himself as a candidate at the Junior Public Examinations to to be held in various parts of the country iu November next, in those sections iu which any candidate who passes with credit would in anv case be entitled to matriculate without furtlieV examination. It is announced, however, that such examination is not intended to be competitive, its object being merely to enable the Professors to ascertain whether the proficiency of the candidate already nominated is such as to justify their assent to his appointment. The cir-. cular further states that although there is only one Bursary of this kind at the present moment, there is reason to believe that before long several more will be founded, some for the colony generally and some for particular districts, and, for the attainment of any one of these, it will be expedient that the applicant should hold u certificate of having passed in the sections referred to. TUK CULTIVATION- or IYAX.—Some few weeks since, we extracted from a Victorian contemporary some useful hints upon the subject of flax culture, and as the industry is one which may be successfully established in various parts of this district, we add the following additional particulars given in a late issue of the Uastcrlon News:— "We have obtained the following particulars from : Mr, Jessup of Bahgallah, who has demonstrated by experiment how valuable a crop flax is :—The ground wliicli must he of the strongest description with a good subsoil, is ploughed deeply, and then rolled and harrowed until quite Hue and smooth. This done, the seed must he sown broadcast, and very thickly, precisely as Etiglisli grasses ate laid down, The time most suitable for sowing is July or August, and once in the ground, 110 further care is necessary, as no weed or other plant lias the hast chance of growing with it. When the seed is ripe, which is about the latter end of December, the crop is pulled b,y hand and threshed, after which the haulm id soaked iu u-ater until the straw is quite decomposed. It is then dried in the sun, or by kiln, and the fibre separated, afterwards it is mdy for carding. As flax is a most exhaustive plant, the land must he planted with other crops or laid fallow for one or two seasons, but us the ret urn is from £o() to j£G0 per acre at the lowest compulation, it can easily he seen that flax is immeasurably more profitable than cereals every season. It may be added that as uo plant can live with it, no animal life can live iu it, and so far it has escaped any of the vermin that attack grain crops." In view of the low prices ruling of laU' for wheat, we fancy that some of our farmers might do worse than try the experiment of laying down a few acres with this cii»p, wherever the land appears to be of a suitable character. Luox's Cinccs.— On Monday and Friday evenings Leon's Circus performed iu Albury. The entertainment was <;ood and seemed to be highly appreciated by the spectators. The attendance, however, was not so good as the performance deserved, owing probably to the fact of the entertainment not having been sufficiently advertised. f MIIIDM; CREEK STATE SCHOOL.—The opening of the new State school at Middle Creek was celebrated on Thursday evening, 20th inst., when a laigc nunilxir of the inhabitants assembled, at the invitation of the head teacher, Mr. G. S. Manns, iu the .schoolroom, for the purpose of enjoying a few hours of social intercourse. Mr. A. J. Taylor, one of the members of the Board of Advice for the Noith-Eust riding of the Yackandandah Shire, was invited to take the. chair, audafter a few well-chosen remarks on the object of the meeting, aud a brief reference to the benefits arising from education, introduced Mr. Manns, who gave a series of highly interesting readings, including an " ode to education," " The Irish Emigrant," " Charge of the Light Brigade," etc. The chairman also gave two recitations, and to judge from the applause of the audience the efforts of both gentlemen were heartily appreciated, At the conclusion of the entertainment a public meeting was held, when it wa* resolved that the teacher be requested to write to the Yackandandah Shire Council asking that body to vote a small sum for the erection of a foot-bridge over the creek for the convenience of the children attending school. Votes of thanks to the teacher for providing the euteitainment, the cluiirman for presiding, and the corresjtondent (Mr. W. C. Maclarlaiie), for his efforts respecting the establishment ot the school brought the proceedings to a close. The uew school-house is, very prettily situated on rising ground commanding a view of the surrounding farm houses for three or four miles in each direction. The building itself is a neat structure, and well furnished with every convenience for the comfort of the scholars. During the evening it was stated tliat a night school had been established, and already over a dozen had signified their intention of taking advantage of the means of mental culture thus afforded. THE QCEEST'S BIRTHDAY IX WODOXUA,—Monday was observed as a close holiday by the good folks of Wodonga. No local amusement of any description was provided for the inhabitants of the Victorian border town, and a good many of them crossed the river to take part m the Albury Fire Brigade demonstration. During the afternoon several Alburyites took the opportunity afforded by the holiday of hav ing a sixpenny ride in the 'bus to Wodouga, and inspecting the works in progress at the railway station, and witnessing the arrival of the afternoon train. Iu the evening the youngsters of the town amused themselves, and at the same time filled the hearts of their grauddames with terror, by keeping up a perpetual " pop, pop" with Chinese crackei-s. WORKS IX THK YACK&XNAKDAH; SHIRK.— Tenders are invited up to the 3rd of June for the following works:—Constructing main road work at Barnawartha Railway Station ; repair* to road at Finn's Paddock, Bonegilla; constructing bridge over Bnllocky Gully, Kiewa-road ; and cutting siding near Carter's crossing, Gap Flat Creek. NEW MAGISTRATE.—Michael O'Donuell, Esq., of Merriang Lodge, Myrtleford, has been added to the list of magistrates for the Northern Bailiwick. AI'IT.ICATIOX TOR LICENCE Arritovii)).—It is notified that the application of Benjamin 15. Glasson for 98a. 2r. 36p., parish of Yiicknndandah, under section It) of the Land Act 1889 lias been approved, ami that the rent and fee, £Ti 19s., is payable to the laud olficer at Yaclcandnndah. AI'I'LICATJOX FOR GRANT APPROVED.— 1 The application of Daniel Donnelly, of Mitta Mitta, for a grant under section 20'of the Land Act 18G9, for 17a. 2r. 22p., having been approved, it is notified that the balance to complete the purchase, together with the fees, amounting in all to £14 12s. Od., will be received by the revenue officer at Yackandandah. . APFMCATIONS run LICENCES NOT GRANTED.— It is notified tlmt the following applications for licences under Section 19 of the Land Act 1869 have been refused :—Roderick Boyle, 1.60a.; Michael Maloney, 320a.; Thomas Read, 22a. j John Whelan, 60a.; and Robert Read, 80a,,— all in the parish of Ttdlangatta. ESTATES OF DECEASED PERSONS.—In tile return of estates of, deceased .persons which have been placed under the charge ,of ih<i curator for the past uionUi is the .followingName of , de- ceased, William Axford; late residence, Yackondftudah; value of estate, £<15. MR. II. Tunn.—Many of our readora will bo glad to hear dint Mr. H. Tubb, who was fer. some time assistant in the Wodonga Post and 5 ! Telegraph Office, and latterly has filled tho post L of assistant teacher in the Beech worth Stato^r School, has boon promoted to the hcadmostership of the State School at Longwood. YACK AKHANDAH LANO BOAR».—A meeting of the local land board will be held at Yackandandah on Tuesday next, 1st June, when applications under the 19th section will be hcarn from persons iu the parishes of Baranduda, Qolac- Colac, Guudowring, Dorchap, Tawanga, Talhuidooti, Towtmg, Tangambalanga, Wodonga, Wngra, Yabba and Yackandandah. There are also several applications for sale, and four persons are to show reasons against forfeiture. THE PROPOSED ANNEXATION OK NEW GUINEA, —The agitation in reference to annexing New Guinea has taken a practical shape iu Sydney, where an influential public meeting was recently held and resolutions unanimously adopted in favor of the proposal. A deputation representing the meeting, had an interview last week with the Hon. John Robertson, Colonial Secretary, for ttie purpose of asking the co-oneratiou of fhe Government of New South Wales iu the movement. The deputation consisted of t he Mayor of Sydney, over twenty meiuliers of Parliament, and some of the principal merchants of the city. Dr. Lang aud several other members of the deputation uddresscd the Premier, urging the political, commercial, and social advantage likely to accrue to the colony from the annexation of New Guinea. In reply Sir. Robertson informal the deputation that he WAS not only fully impressed with the importance of Great Britain annexing the island of New Guinea, but he believed he went further in his opinions than many who had considered the subject. He hail not yet consulted with his colleagues on the matter, but would take an early opportunity of doing so. The Colonial Secretary further iufonued the deputation that his own idea with reference to the question was that the Governor of Fiji should lie constituted Governor- General of British Polynesia, and his man-ot-war or floating Government House the seat of British authority wherever it was anchored. He intended to make use of some very valuable information which he had received from Captain. Edwards, the nautical head of the New Guinea expedition which had just sailed, and promised to place himself in communication with the British Government on the subject by the next inaiL The interview then terminated. POSTPONEMENT OP SALE.—'The sale of cattle advertised by Mr. Torrance for this day has beeu postponed. AUCTION SALES.—This day Mr. S. C. Y. North will offer for sale at the corner opposite the Glolie Hotel, 1000 splendid young orange trees from the Somerset Nurseiy, Paramatta. The sale takes ilace at noon. At the same hour, Mr. W. C. Esteel will submit at the Albion Hotel, a laige and varied assortment of fancy goods, several cases of ladies' and children's shoes together with gold aud silver watches aud other valuablejewellery, Sir. C. Sparrow will hold his usual $ale of fancy goods aud odd6 aud ends at the Deanstreet mart. LIBERATIONISM OUTVOTED.—An anti-State Church meeting took place in the Guildhall, Cambridge, on March 11. Mr, Illingworth, Mr. Fisher, and others were present as a deputation from the Liberation Society. The townsmen aud students mustered in strong force, aud evinced a determination not to hear the speakers. The proceedings were one continuous uproar, and in the body of the hall there was free fighting. Mr. Fisher refused to sit down, and now and then one could hear him twitting his audicuce upon their behaviour, which he urged was a strong argument iu favour of the promoters of the meeting, but generally speaking the addresses were unheard. After two hours of the greatest uproar, Mr. C. Balls, a local Conscrativc leader, obtaiued a hearing, and alter characterising the Liberationism' remarks as "chip-trap," moved an amendment declaring that the disestablishment and diseudowment of the Church of England would he highly inexpedient, as such a measure would tend to sub- vert the rights of property aud the ancient British constitution, endanger the public peace, increase seeturian bitterness, aud seriously interfere with religious welfare of the people,. Mr. Moore Stephenson, au undergraduate, seconded the amendment. Mr. Illingworth had a stormy reception, aud his assertion that the great muss of the people were on his side was vehemently contradicted. After Mr. Annytage, a student, had made a capital speech against the promoter of the meeting and in support ot Churcli and State, a show of hands was taken, and Mr. Ball's amendment was carried by au overwhelming majority, amidst great applause. ST. PATRICK'S DAV was celebrated in Dublin on March 17, with the usual enthusiasm, but all passed off ([uietly. For some years the ceremony of relieving guard in the Upper Castle-jard bad been allowed to full into desuetude, but the Duke of Abereorn, trusting to the good sense of the people fa maintain order, resolved, to revive it. Accordingly a dense crowd of respectable citircns assembled early in the forenoon in the yard to witness the ceremony. In the evening the usual St. Patrick's ball was held at the Castle, .and was attended by . a large and fashionable company. There was also what was ealled a national lmU held at the Rotunda, the tickets.for whichtd admit a lady and gentleman Were sold jit sixishillings to all comers. By permission ofCaidinidOullon collections were made in »dl the Rdman Cntholife cjivroes of the diocese in; aid of the funds for; idefruying,the.cyst of the O'CoimelwlebiAtiou. a k> 