BEGGINoa LxTTEns.-uo.Those who are so for tunate as to be entitled to a reputation for wealth, and who are at the same time credited with a benevolent disposition, should be in a position to make some singular dis closures respecting the character of the beg ging letters addressed to them. Now and then the public are treated to an insight of the kind by the secretaries of societies and by proceedings in the police-courts; but the subject has not been dealt with exhaust ively for many years-not since the late Charlos Dickens discoursed upon it in the pages of Household Words. A slight con tribution to the published records of bogging letter literature comes just now from across the Atlantic, and it is sufliciently interesting to be worthy of a passing notice. Dr. James Stewart, described as a very wealthy and benevolent citizen of Austin, Texas, has published a collection of begging letters ad dressed to him, and they help, no doubt, to indicate thie curious experionce of philan thropists in general. One letter is from a young divinity student who wants the where withal to purchase a new coat, in which to preach his trial sermon-a touching and modest request, likely to impose upon any onie belonging to the category of those who are easily parted from their money. A gambler, frankly and sportingly avowing himself as such, is just ton dollars short of untold gold, for he has had undoubted in formation in a dream that he is to win an enormous prize in the lottery by purchasing a certain ticket. Would Mr. Stewart lend him the trifle for a short time? A young lady, '"rather of the period" it may be pro sumod, is "friendless, but beautiful," and quite impecunious; but nevertheless she is determined to make her resources correspond to her attractions by marrying a rich man. By calling in art to the assistance of nature she calculates that she can take fortune by st3rm--in other words, make herself irro sistible to the rich victim she may select. She therefore wants a thousand dollars to enable hier to onhance her beauty " with such adornments as a woman of taste and culture knows how to use." Only a stony hearted old miser could refuse to relax his purse-strings at such an appeal, and tlhe young lady came to regard Mir. Stewart in that unfavorable light. An inventor of a flying-machine wants five hundred dollars to enable him to have a model constructed; but he is not one of those who require merely a gift or a loan without consideration. On the contrary, he offers an ample return to the donor-that of "onabling him to win ever lasting fameo by allowing him to use the apparatus first of all to fly from a church steeple." That would settle principle and interest no doubt, and in the manner which many debtors would like to suggest to their creditors.-Globe. ?fAittAoE CUsToMs ION VANCOUVER ISLAND. -Thirty or forty canons escort the suitor to the shore. No word is spoken on either side for ten minutes. At last, on the question being asked whore the visitors are from, and what is wanted-a form that is gone through, though the object of the visit is perfectly well known-a speaker rises in one of the canoes and addresses the natives on shore in a loud voice. Talk of a voice!-it would fill St. Paul's. He gives the names, titles, and history of the expectant husband, and states the number and influence of his friends and connexions in his own and among other tribes, the object being to show that the honor of marrying so great a person should suffice without much purchase-money. At the end of the speech a canoe is paddled to the beach, and a bundle of blankets is thrown on land. - Contemptuous laughter follows from the friends of the woman, and the suitor is told to go away, as he places too small value upon the intended bride. Then some orator on shore gets up and praises the woman, and thus, with the speeches and ad ditional gifts, many hours are occupied, until finally the woman is brought down to the shore and stripped to her undergarment (the greed of her relatives not allowing them to send her to her husband with the slightest thing more than the barest decency requires) and delivered to her lover. His first wedding-present, it follows, is the neces sary covering of a blanket. Stern as are the aboriginal fathers of the west in the matter of settlements, they are not less exacting that the future son-in-law should be of such strength and vigor in war and all active exercises as befits the head of a family in a nation where the weaker invariably goes to the wall. How would some of our fond lovers like the shibboleth of their manhood ? In front of the house of the head chief of ClIyoquot, on the western shore of Vancou ver Island, is a large stone. When a young man "meets papa in the library "-in other words, proposes for one of this western Spar tan's daughters-he is politely pointed to the large stone, and if he cannot lift and sarry it, he is with sneers and contempt dis missed as ineligible to woo such a dignitary's daughter.-Haessoof Mankind. TrcE P1lEeRITION OP SPOONFULS.-The coroner for the city of Exeter (saye the European Mail) has been the means of entering on the death-register a strong and useful protest against the time-honored practice of prescribing medicine by the spoon ful. It is pretty generally known that the teaspoon and tablespoon of the present day are of far more fixed capacity, and may, moreover, be said to average nearly double the size that was in vogue more than a quarter of a century ago. If, therefore, the terms teaspoon and tablespoon were even qualified by the words "old" and "new style," some guide would be given as to the quantities intended; this, however, is seldom the ease. A month or two since the infant daughter of a coach-trimmer, aged nineteen days, died in Exeter under conditions that suggested poison as the cause. The result was an inquest, and a chance examination of the Exeter death-register the other day, for another purpose, showed that the cause of death of this infant wase returned in the coroner's certificate in the following manner : -" Cougestion of the lungs, accelerated by an overdose of opium innocently ad ministered by her mother from a modern teaspoon containing two drachms, instead of from a teaspoon of older date containing one drachm. The inference is that the term "spoonful" no longer siguifioes a quantity which is sufficiently definite and intelligible to the public, and should therefore be abandoned." NAZABRETII.-T-WO hours more brought us within eight of the home of the Sou of 1ary. In the centre of a not very lofty table-land we behold a kind of basin, sur rounded on every side by gently sloping hills; and there was the spot once glorified by thirty years lowly residence of the Oar ponter of Nazareth. The village, we found by-and-by, occupied a somewhat elevated position on the western side of the basin; and it was not difficult to identify the brow of the hill from which the infatuated vil lagers must have purposed to cast Him down whom a few moments before they had been ready to adore, " wondering at the gracious things which proceeded out of His mouth." It contained a population of some six or seven hundred. There was the spot where Gabriel stood when he made the annuncia tion to the "highly favoured among women." It was a low subterraneau chapel in the tawdry church, and we were shown a broken pillar, tihe upper part of which was miraculously suspended from the roof. Thouen, of course, there was the holy cottage, where Joseph and his reputed Son worked from week to week, and from year to year, with chisel, saw, and plane. This was pointed out as identical with a certain ancient tene moent of one apartment in another part of the town, although, oddlyonough, that same cottage is stoutly maintained to have been miraculously transported one fine morning across the sea and located bodily at Loretto, in Italy, and to question the literal truth of either assertion would be to incur the penalty of mortal sin. And in another place we saw the veritable table at which Jesus used to sit at His meals in His mechanic life, and afterwards, even subse quently. It was affecting to witness all this laborious effort in searchl of tile living among the dead, while Jesus Himself the gracious Saviour, was the while waiting to welcome to the fulnoes of His unbought love every needy sinner who would come to Him. But all the superstition of the place could not rob it of its charm as the undoubted lineal descendant of tile lowly Galilean vil lage, where the holy Child, tihe bright in quiring, obedient Boy, tile calm, self-con tained adult Operative, passed through these successive stages of His mysterious thirty years. These very slopes His feet trod, that very air His lungs breathed, that very sun rise and sunset registered ilis lonely days. To think of Him at His meals morning by morning, noon by noon, evening by evening! To think of Him at His first efforts to drive His plane, then earning His earliest return of the sweat of his brow, then standing in sympathetic love at the sick-bed and death bed of Mary's ihusband, and following his corpse as chief mourner to the grave, then labouring with a fresh zest and diligence at His Ilumble trade now that His widowed mother was dependent on His daily work for her daily bread!-Golden Hours. TIIE PRESS IN lMA.DRID.-Great latitude is allowed in Madrid to the press, and personal abuse of the ministers usually passes un noticed; but El Combato sometimes oxceels all bounds, and occasionally indulges in an article so exceptionally violent that the editor is fined, the paper suppressed, and the day of its re-appearance is doubtful. No sooner is the cry of El Combato hoard than the street is in an uproar. Hundreds hurry out of the cafds, because every one who wishes to buy a copy must stand ready, with his money in his hand, as the newsmen come rushing along disposing of their bundles of papers as rapidly as possible, for should an article be suspected, and a gendarme appear in pursuit, the packets disappear in an instant, and away go the vendors down the maze of narrow streets. We one evening saw such a chase, and most exciting and amusing it was; a real case of law versus news, but the newsman had capital legs, of which he made good use, and long before he had arrived at the end of the Alcia, his papers were all sold, and he had fairly distanced his pursuer, who, encumbered by his long sword and other accoutrements, made but an ineffectual struggle, and gave in when he reached the rising-ground in the middle of the street.-Life in Spain. " JoIN's" DISLUaE TO GsRAVE-DIGGINGC. Mr. James Mc Henley, Anglo-Chinese linguist, writing to the Cooktown Courier, gives the following reasons for the reluctance of the Chinese to bury the dead bodies of their countrymen. According to the laws of China, when a man dies in the house of a stranger, the proprietor is held responsible for his death, and if he has wealth in his possession, finds himself mulcted in a con siderable sum of money to be paid over to the relatives of the deceased for the loss they are supposed to have sustained through the death of their relative. No doubt the legislator who framed this law thought he was creating a safe-guard for the lives of men. But it has an opposite effect. When a man dies under the care of his relatives there is no notice taken thereof-but mark the opposite effoects. When a man becomes sick among strangers he is taken out and loft to die on the highway, which, being the property of .the government, comprises nobody. The law, as it stands and is acted on, has stifled every feeling of humanity, incredible to those unacquainted with the laws of China. But the evils do not stop here. When a man dies, the house by such becomes polluted, and to cleanse it from such is a piece of costly work. The ghost and devils are expelled by a priest, who does the work by sprinkling the house with holy water, and burning incense, at the same time running through the house vociferating, with a naked sword in one hand, which he strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in the other to bind them, and finally winds up the performance by plastering on the walls some charms written in enigmatical characters, to keep the devils from entering the house and doing the inmates harm, who could not otherwise have rested therein, until assured that the devils were kept out by the infallible preventives. A SEDUOER SHoT DEAD.-A gentleman from West Tenessee informs us that last Saturday night, Shady Grove, four miles from Union City, woeas in full enjoyment of a spelling match. The contest had continued to grow more and more exciting from its very comaencement. Theaudience were intensely engaged in looking at the class, now fast narrowing down to a few, when they were startled out of their seats by the sharp and sudden report of a pistol in the midst of them. This was followed by still another report. The utmost excitement immediately ensued. Men jumped upon the seats to get a glimpse of what was passing before them, women screamed and shrieked, a rush was made to the spot, anxious inquiries were made, and for a time everything seemed in a perfect tumult. It was ascertained that a young man named Frank Williams had come up to the aisle of the pew on which James Turner was seated with a young lady, had placed the muzzle of a revolver to the back of his head and fired, the ball passing through the oranium. Turner fell forward upon the floor a corpse. Williams then shot at the fallen form again, the ball striking the leg of another and producing a slight wound. It was stated that Turner had seduced Williams' sister, and that she was six months enciento, and her brother had pleaded with Turner to save her from disgrace by marry ing her. Williams had that night called him out of the house and remonstrated with him, telling him at least that if he did not lead her to the altar he would kill him. Turner responded that he would not marry her and that he was not afraid. The sequel of that conversation was Turner's death. We are informed that Williams' sister was the third young girl in the neighbourhood he had seduced, and that Turner had remarked that he would not rest satisfied until he had ruined four more.-Nashville Banner. Txc DEoAY O ?MORcONISm.-A gentleman who has lived three years in Salt Lake City has just communicated his impressions of MNormonism to a Canadian paper, and from these it would seem that Brigham Young is not likely to retain his influence much longer. There is now a large Gentilo ele ment in the city, and the Gentiles as a rule are far more prosperous than the faithful. Tllohey havo the best housesoa and the best stores, and these material advantages are not without effect in enforcing their ethical arguments against the Mormon system. The probability is that the pressnure of civilization will soon bring into Utah a largely increased population in whose eyes Young is a vulgar impostor-in which case his creed will die a natural death. Meanwhile, be himself does much to undermine the faith of all except the most credulous of his followers. He nused to claim the power of healing the sick by laying on of hands; but recently he was very ill, and called in no fewer than five doctors. The circumstance may prove that when his own well-being is concerned he isea prudent man; but it has not added to his dignity. Still more he has been injured by some question able monetary transactions in which he had been involved. By means of a company he started a co-operative store, which he placed underthemanagementof a son-in-law. When the shareholders demanded a settlement of the company's affairs, it was found that this amiable son-in-law had appropriated 50,000 dollars from the retail department alone, and that others employed had stolen smaller sums. The result was that the retail depart ment was closed, but no steps were taken to punish thethieves, who it was known, shared the booty with the chief. Even this did not exhaust his fraudulent dealing in the matter. He established what was called co-operated money, consisting of orders on the store for goods. This passed current in the whole territory, and when the retail department was closed nine.tenths of the issue could not be redeemed, although the issuers had ob tained value for it. Only very simple persons indeed continue to put faith in a man capable of such conduct.-Globe. STIn.aoE CAnE.-One of the most dastardly cases of cowardice or of hardened indifference which has ever been heard of is given in an American sporting newspaper. A member of the New York Athletic Club, a man of great strength and activity, but no swimmer, bathed in the Haarlem River. He imagined swimming to be easier than it is, and ven tured out of his depth. The poor fellow, it seems, came up four times after he first sank, yet all that was done to rescuen him was to reach out to him the handle of a cane. On the bank, watching his dying struggles, was Mr. B. Curtis, described as "the strongest man in the world;" and a famous swimmer A Mr. J. H. Cone, the " champion swimmer," and Mr. J. H. Stand, another expert in the water, stood by Mr. Cartis's side, and close by them again were twelve more members of the club, alllikewise admirableswimmers and divers. A friend who was bathing at the same time tried to save the drowning man, but grew frightened and swam ashore. No one elso entered the water, and thus he met with his death " within reach of the strong hands of twenty men who would swim fifty times the required dietance for a twenty-five dollar cup. A NEOLEOTED iSENTRY.-A soldier of the First Empire, named Jacques Roussel, has just died at Montpellier (Herault), at the age of ninety-two. He was the hero of a singular adventure, which he used often to relate. In 1807 the French took possession of Rugen, a small island in the Baltic, separated from the coast of Pomerania by a narrow channel. It was occupied by a detachment of Davoust's corps, when the order came to evacuate it immediately. The embarkation was so hasty that a sentinel was forgotten-no other than Roussel. Ignorant of what had passed, he continued to pace up and down, and no relief having come after three hours, he lost patience and returned to the guard- house, which of course he found deserted. Making inquiries, he learned with des pair the departure of the detachment. " oAn Dicu ! " he exclaimed, "I shall be reported as a deserter. I am lost, dis honored!" and he burst into tears. His grief aroused the compassion of an honest artizan of the place, who gave him shelter, and, after a certain period, gave his only daughter to him as a wife. They were all living happily together, when, at the end of five years, a vessel was sighted and the people flocked to hail it, the uniform of the French army being recognised. " Pour lo coup, they have come for me," exclaimed the frightened sentinel; but a sudden thought restored his courage. He ran to his dwelling, quickly donned the uniform, which he had carefully preserved, seized his musket, and, returning to the shore, mounted sentry at the moment when the French landed. " Quivive?" he called out in a (stentorian voice. " aQui vive 0omome ? " replied those from the vessel. "A sentinel." " How long have you been on duty ?" " For five years !" Davoust laughed heartily at the adventure, and ordered that a release in due form should be given to the deserter in spite of himself. Roussel arrived at Montpellier towards 1829, and resided there ever since upon his savings and a small pension granted him by the Second Empire. A-BOY SPECULATOR. - The New York papers received contain an account of the extraordinary career of Charles Kuchel, the Californian boy speculator-a boy of nine teen. Kuchel, who was without capital or available means of his own, operated in a stock market on a scale-scarcely inferior to that of the King of the aomstock, or the chief magnates of California-street. This adventurous and enterprising youth, a more broker's clerk, with no capital except his native audacity and craft, actually rivals in the magnitude of his stock transactions the veteran millionaires who are popularly sup. posed to control the market, make corners, and send stocks up or down according to their pleasure. His operations thus far ascer tained during the first two weeks of last January amounted to 150,000 dollars, while during the months of May and June they figured up to the incredible sum of 840,000 dollars. His transactions from the beginning of the year to July 21 amounted to over 1,100,000 dollars. But those figures, strange as they may seem, only cover his sales and purchases through two brokers. He is known to have also operated through others, and the full extent of his stock dealings has not yet been ascertained. While carrying on business upon this magnificent scale young Monte Christo lived like a prince of the bluest blood. He drove high spirited trotters on the Cliff Road, and issaid to have been tihe owner of .o, less than three dash ing double teams. He was gorgeously ap parolled, fared sumptuously every day, and had the best of everything going that could be obtained for money. Only a few weeks ago he sent his mother and sister off upon a European tour, and his main solicitudewhen arrested seemed to be lest they should hear of his disgrace. SWIMMINGso FEAT BY A GIR.-A? young girl named Agnes Alice Beckwith, daughter of the professor of swimming at Lambeth bathe, on September 1 accomplished the difficult feat of swimming from London Bridge to Greenwich. The distance is rather more than five miles, and the time was re markably feet-namely, 1 hour 7 minutes 45 seconds. Mr. Beekwith has been con nected with the Lambeth baths for nearly a quarter of a century, and for fourteen years held the proud position of champion swim mer of England. The heroine of this ad venture is but fourteen years old, of slim make and diminutive stature. The object was to decide a wager of £60 to £40 laid against her by Mr. Baylis, the money being deposited with Bell's Life. The event created a great deal of excitement, and all along the route the progress of the swimmer wase watched by excited crowds on the wharf and barges. In addition to the London Steam boat Company's Volunteer, a private steam launch and a rowing boat contained her father, the referee, and some half-dzon others immediately interested in the result. A 'perfect swarm of boats accompanied, and indeed impeded the swimmer -the entire distance. London Bridge was crowded, as were the vessels and other points whence a view of the start could be obtained. Miss Baeokwith dived from the rowing-boat at nine minutes to five, and at once commenced a rapid side- stroke, which she maintained to the finish. She was attired in a swimming costume of light rose pink llama trimmed with white braid and lace of same color. The water was very smooth, and the tide running about three miles per hour. Swimming about a couple of yards in the rear of the referee's boat, Tunnel Pier was reached at eleven minutes past five. At Horseferry Dock (5.22) a salute was fired, and the swimmer was encouraged with lusty cheers. The Commercial Dock was quickly left behind, and soon after the Hilda, on her return from M~argate, crowded with excursion istets, passed the flotilla. Passing Millwall, Miss Beokwith crossed to the north side and took advantage of the strong tide. At this point abe was met by the saloon steamer Victoria, whose passengers were vociferous in their applause. The foreign cattle market at Deptford was breasted at twelve minutese to six, and as Greenwich hospital appeared in sight, the intelligence was conveyed to the swimmer by repeated cheers, a salute being also fired from the Unicorn. The pier at Greenwich and the grounds of the Ship were crowded with people who cheered to the echo when the spirited strains of See the Conquering Hero Comes announced the success of the attempt. Misa Beckwith swam some distance beyond the pier, and was taken on board at 5 hours 58 minutes 45 seconds, having accomplished the distance, as stated above, in 1 hqur 7 minutes 45 seconds. She seemed almost as fresh as when she started. and to all appearance was capable of going considerably further. It is worthy of mention that this was Miss Beckwith's first essay of the sort, if we except a trial trip from Battersea to Westminster. Her nearest approach to the present feat was a swim of two-and-a-half miles in the Lambeth bathB in three-quarters of an hour. A DDoNETIo? o SENE..-Mr. Cobleigh had just gone down to breakfast. He was stand ing up to the stove with his hands clasped behind him, as is his custom, contemplating the attractively-set table. A large platter of broiled ham with fried eggs was the central feature-and Mr. Cobleigh is very fond of ham and eggs. The family cat was lying under the table purring softly to her self. It was a strongly-marked domestic scene, and Mr. Cobleigh felt his eyes moisten as he surveyed it. Mrs. Oobleigh was taking up the potatoes. She had the last one pierced with a fork, and was about to deposit it with the rest, when she espied the up titrned 'palm of her husband's hand. What possessed her she cannot tell, but she dropped the steaming vegetable straight into his un conscious hand. He didn't ask her what she was doing, he didn't even look round, simply gave an awlul scream and sprang madly into the air. On the descent he struck the table with his knees with sunch force as to completely overtiurn it, and with the contents he went to the floor with an awful crash. Five dollars' worth of crockery was smashed, and a carpet, coat, and pair of pants were ruined by ham, gravy and butter. It is probable Mr. Cobleigh would have fainted dead away from the effects of the shook, had not the cat, across whose erected back he fell as she was darting from the awful calamity, turned round and fastened both claws and teeth into his thigh with deadly ferocity. That revived him. The house is now shut up. Mrs. Cobleigh is visiting her mother in B3rookfield, and MIr. Cobleigh has taken a jaunt to Boston on business. We understand she thinks Mr. Cobleigh is to blame in the matter, for, she properly reasons, had he not jumped so there would have been no damage done. Danbury News. SoLITARY CowNTvINEu Tr.-A piece of Eng lish news has been going the rounds of the Paris press. We are informed that Mr. Wil liam Hasings, an English actor, has just ar rived in Paris to recover his health, which he lost in the following manner :-He was dining with Lord S- , when a discussion about solitary confinement arose, which ended by the noble lord offering the actor £10,000 if he would pass ten years in soli tnary confinement. Mr. Hastings accepted, and a cell some twelve feet square was ereoted on the nobleman's estate in which theactor was forthwith incarcerated. He was allowed a few books, pens, ink, and paper, but he was not permitted to see human face or hear human voice. The ten years expired a few weeks ago, and Mr. Hastings duly re ceived the £10,000, for which, however, he has paid dearly. Although only thirty-five years old, he looks like seventy: his hair is white, his body bent, and his tongue has almost lost the power of speech. AnouT A CAT.-I have a cat that will occupy my seat at the table until I come, and will not williegly give it up. I was sick a short time ago and unable to occupy it, and the cat would come from the table to the bed frequently. She finally caught a mouse and brought it to the bed, laying it down by me. I threw it off, but as often as I did so she would bring it back, until I thought she wanted me to eat it; so I made believe I ate it, and the cat went away apparently satisfied. And before night the same day she brought me a striped squirril, and each day for the three days I wasin bedi she brought game with the same result-she would never leave until I had pretended to eat it.-Meriden (Miss.) Mercury. ANIMbALouLa r IN RAW SucsAn.-Professor Wallace of Glasgow esates that the acarus or sugar mite may be easily detected in brown Musoovado sugar by dissolving a few ounces in about an equal quantity of tepid water when, after a bshort time thbe acari, if present' come to the surface,and are readily recognieed by the aid of a pocket-lens, and even by the naked eye. In some samples of sugar ex amined in the manner stated, the surface of the liquor was a moving mass of animal life. Professor Wallace, contrary to some assertiona states that refined sugar is not infested with noari, being free from the nzotised principles upon which they subsist. Raw sugar, on the contrary, contains a small proportion of vege. table albumen and caaeine, and these consti. tute the food of the animal. THE MAORI.--Physically the Maori is neither so tall nor so powerful as a well-fed Englishman, but hbe is greatly superior to the average Briton of the large towns-the Shef. field or the Manchester man. As a rule be is heavily limbed, robust, and capable of great fatigue. They wear European clothes. They are extravagant in dress, and the women especially will have showy colors. Th.nen go in for hats and canary-colored glo' d canes and patent-leather boots. ManJ\ftt men, and not a few of the women, ar markably handsome. The "lower ordere's for there are degres in MaIori as sdell as in European life-are usually noisy in their talk, and, like other people, especially so when they are in their cups, though not quarrelsome. But the chiefs and their wives and daughters carry themselves with remarkable dignity. The native ladies do not dance as yet in the European fashion; but see them moving about a drawing-room in Government-house, or sitting in their chairs at a public ball, and it is impossible not to admire their quiet and graceful bearing. They are as careful of ettiquete as the best of their European sisters, and as watchful always of their reputation. Correspondent Australasian. A SURE CABE OF TROUBLE AHEAD. "See that fat man,don't you, Jack?" queried a bootblack at the post-otaice yesterday; " well, he's laying up heaps of trouble. Whoa you see a man named Johnson, for instance, slying around to the general delivery win. dow and getting little pink envelopes directed to 'De Forest,' he's standing on the verge of the grave. The first thing be knows his wife will come down and get hold of one of those purty little letters, and then she will untie her bonnet-strings and mop her husband all over these flags, and the public 'll up 'rah for her side I" And Jack began to ponder.-Detroit Free Press. The anniversary of the relief of Derry w~s commemorated on August 12, with the usual manifestations by the apprentice boys. Flags were hoisted at midnight over Walker's monument and at other parts of the city. The apprentice boys met at Corporation Hall and marched in procession with bands and banners to the cathedral, where there was a special service, and afterwards paraded the walls. The Roman Catholio party acted with creditable forbearance, offering no ob s?itruction and showihg.no ill will towards the procesionists, who, it should be stated, were reinforced .by contingents froin Coleraine, Belfast, Newtown, Limavady, N~wtonstuart, Omagh, and other places. All passed off quietly. . bce... An old bachelor who died recently left a will dividing all his property equally among the surviving women who had refirused him, "because," said he, " to them I owe all my earthly happiness." . Virginia once more comes to the front with the sword of Lord Cornwallis, exhumed near Richmond this time. This only :makes thirteen swords, and you know 'Cornwallia had over forty buckled around him. Detroit Free Press. Progressive teacher to pupil of the period: -" Sarah Jane Hooker, jues take thatchew ing gum out of your mouth. .Little girls who chew gum in school need never expect to become President of the United States." American paper. "Is the editor in ?" gruffly inquired -a shaggy-browed man, poking his head into the sanctum. He had aslip from:a receit number of the Commercial in one hand, and a massive cudgelin the other. We happened to be out at the time, and told him so.-New York Commercial. Enforced Civility.-Bowing to circum atances. Shakspeare's Hamlet. -- Stratford -on. Avon.-Fun. Odd Spectacle :for the Fanoy.--A paper m ill. -. A Rake's Progress.-Through a quantity of weeds. . r. How Ladies Draw a Bean into a Kdot. By standing at the hymeneal altar. . "We read in de good book," seays.ia coloured Baptist brother down south, "ob John de Baptist; nebber of John de Metho diet." 