IRELAND. THE CHURCH AND SCIENCE. FATHER TOM BUEKE's SERMON IN DUBLIN. I To be Continued.) But should they deny to the Church her triumphs ? Behold, he said, the nations of to-day basking in the light of civiliza tion ; behold the nations of to-day advanc ing with rapid strides in every art and science, and then let ttem ask themselves the single question — Who brought out of darkness — out of chaos — out of utter dis ruption — who drew forth from the awful ruins of the crushed and broken-up world of the fifth century the glories of the nine teenth century f The angels ot the world s history would point to the magnificent figure of the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ (vehement applause). She alone did it who was able to do it. She took the rude savage son of the northern forests — she took the child of barbarism, inflated with the triumph and victory in which ne trampled upon imperial itome, making his blood-stained offerings to his north ern pagan gods, unconscious of mercy unconscious of clemency, unconscious of purity or self-restraint, wild bar barians — all the more terrible because with his barbaric hand he had shattered the great civilization of paganism — and out of such unpromising elements the Church elabo rated during many weary ages the civilization which was our pride and our glory to day. (Cheers.) She turned barbaric pride into meekness ; she drew from out of a peo ple detestable in their impunity an immacu late priesthood and a very self-restraining Christian manhood. She gathered together all that remained of the universal wreck and ruin of ancient art and science and civiliza tion, and she treasured them in her cloisters ; she watched them with zealous care ; she brought them forth from day to day inner great universities ; she prepared the nations to receive them; she is the mother of thafe Christendom, or Christianity, which made the world a civilized and an organized power,, when it seemed as if nothing short of the creative word of God could have drawn lighfc from so much darkness, or order from so much ruin. (Cheers.) Behold her martyrs for 300 years deluging every province and city of the Roman Empire with Christian blood. Behold her virgins lighting up the lamp, well trimmed and filled with the oil of Divine love, and thereby illuminating the darkness of the nations. Behold her mission aries spread into every land, so that their . voice was heard on every soil on which the) sun of heaven shineth. BEHOLD HEE PENITENTS— , t.llfiir Tvrir?A lirnlrftn . tliftir sin VmmTVIed fA if si own destruction, and the greatest of her saints made lights of the world from being the greatest of sinners — the heresy of aa Augustin changed into the light of God's Uhurch, and the great sinner become the Bishop of Hippo. Of such and such, multi plied indefinitely, were the triumphs of the Church of God, as great and greater in her? sphere of that which was Divine, revealed, purer in faith, holier in morals, than were the collateral triumphs of the science of an age of which they were so proud. And God intended that these two great guides should move harmoniouslv together over all t.hra universal creation of God, the infinite har» mony of whose Divine being shone out in the admirable order that prevailed through out. No one force of nature annihilated another. Light lent to light, knowledge neiped Knowledge. Xne abyss ot ono form of knowledge only called to- another abyss, cognate and collateral to itself, Behold the heavens to God, how harmoniously they moved in their infinite movements and variety ! Behold the Divine law shining forth ; and so as harmony was found throughout the whole creation of God, it was the intention of God that the two great guides — reason and revelation— should work harmoniously together to bring man to UU-7 1U.11 JJtJliCULlUU. Ul Ilia UClUg) UCQUJlllJ-l^ UU earth and ending in a high throne in heaven with God. While the Church to-day saH, as she had always said, that she was n© enemy to science— that science was no enemy to revelation — that she was not atraia or it— that she loved it, on the other hand scientific men, the men who spent their days in study of nature's laws, were loud in proclaiming . that revelation was an enemy of science. Generally speaking, in this world there was some great delusion, or some great deception always held up before the world. One tinie it was a scientific delusion, another time a false system of philosophy, another time, and indeed at all times, some form of religious error, the most numerous of ail the delusions of the devil. (Laughter.) Now, one of the great delusions of their day was this— men imagined, and spoke, and wrote, and seemed to believe that the Catholic Church was onslaught upon science and scientific men. That was the great parable of the day. That was the text on which all their anti-Catholic newspapers were uniting. ' Oh, WHO WILL SAVE US FBOM THAT TBERIBLE POPE. exclaimed big, blustering Bismarck. (Great laughter and cheers.) ' He'll crush us. I ; have only 2,000,000 of trained soldiers, the grandest army in the world at my back and ne has not a single man. ^ontinuea laughter and cheers.) And then out came the Times newspaper on the edifying spectacle of Bisma^k and Germany trying to save them selves from the terrible attacks of Pius IX, and the Ultramontanes. (Cheers, laughter, and some hisses). ' Oh, who will save us,' ex claims Gladstone (laughter, cheers, and hisses). ' Who'.will save us from the terrible Vatican Decrees ? They have loosened all the bonds of loyalty and allegiance. We cannot trust a Catholis any more, no matter who he is— I don't care whether he be a lord chancellor, or a postmaster- general, or a private soldier. (Loud laughter and cheers). They are all gone, no more allegiance or loyalty ; if the man sent word to- morrow, they would be up with a knife at our throats, and who knows but it is Cardinal Cullen that would be minister.' (Roars of laughter and vehement cheering.) 'Ah, who will save us,' exclaims Professor Tyndall (continued laughter and cheers), ' who will save us,' from that terrible Catholic Church— these terr'M ? Ultramontanes ; they want, if -cnn til. -H.se. to make religion a kind of knowledge, and not to leave it in the region of emotions with Messrs. Moody and Sankey (renewed laughter and hearty cheers.) They will teach young men the necessitv of going to confession instead of leaning 'on their emotions (cheers and laughter.) 'They will teach their people, if they have stolen anything, that they must give it back ; oh, who will save us from them ? ' and leave us to our emotions. Have we not harmoniums ? (loud laughter.) Have we not beautiful hymns? (laughter.) Haven't we grand sermons about leaning on the Lord and nothing more ? (renewed laughter.) Haven't we|Heaven made easy ? (laughter and cheers.) Oh, who will save us froni Catholics saying their prayers and abstaining on Friday - (laughter,) examining their con8cionoQis,keep« —up ? ine themselves pureT^estoring,. if they had III misfortune to take a farthing or a far tiling's worth? It is all very fine. Lean upon the Lord ard trust to yourselves (con tinued laughter and applause.) Meantime VSE GREAT CATHOLIC CHURCH STOOD THERE, robbed and plundered in Italy, imprisoned in Germany, fettered and hampered, crossed and contradicted, in France, in Brazil, held up to scorn and ridicule as far as they could, the blind fools, hold up the House of God, and the cry all the time was save us from xt ? /i_.,j ^.i.**^ mnlce wav until I throw a stone right in her face.' (Cheers.) Send a few bishops to prison— send a few priests to prison-take whatever trifle of money they bad-take all their churches, sell every thing, and then cry out, « What a wonderful fellow I am to be able to defend myself from these people.' (Laughter.) Then on the other hanH they were told day after day, 'Ah, what would not the Church do to those people if she could lay her hands upon them.' Professor Tyndal was a great man in his own sphere-a child of genius, a glory to the land that bore him ; he was the scientific apostle of light. According to those truth-telling writers, if the Pope only could get hold of him he would improve his' speculations on light by putting it out. (Laughter and cheers). Professor Darwm was a man of extraordinary talent and research ; no one could deny it ; his forte was what they called comparative anatomy, comparing different orders and species of animals, and trying it to prove the similarity and the analogy between them ; and he began very lowly indeed. He took the sea spittle, a thing that had scarcely any life at all ; and on that very soft foundation he went on building and building until he came to man. As a science it was admirable. Now accord ing to the Catholic popular cry of the day, if the Catholic devils could get hold of him they would make him a specimen of com parative anatomy by dissecting him. (Laugh ter and cheers.) Now, this was a popular delusion, and in this what were the men of science doing? They w-sre doing simply this, They were doing what A CELEBRATED CATHOLIC CALLED DON QUIXOTE onee did, when he attacked, of all things in the world, a windmill. (Continued laughter.) The mill was quietly grinding corn and flour to make bread for the poor labourers about, but the Don in his imagi nation thought it was a grand castle, inha bited by ghosts and goblins, who held knights and fair ladies in durance vile, and setting his lance in rest, charged it, and broke his head against the wall. (Laughter and cheers.) There was the Catholic Church quietly doing to- day what shehasdonefor 1870 years, grinding as it were, the corn of the Word of God, to make out of it the bread of life for men's souls. (Cheers.) And around her was not one scientific man, but an entire army of poor, crazy Don Quixotes. Coming on with their lances in rest, one said, ' I will prove she told a lie in such a year, here goes.' (Laughter.) Another said, 'I will prove that she cannot co- exist with the rights of civil allegiance.' He set his lance at rest, left his great party behind him won dsring and ashamed of him, and went on alone to excite the ridicule of everybody, and to fall down as he has fell down. (Loud cheers.) In iL- £~~~ *C nil 4-Vta-na \\\ck aaaaft-orl a ttattt QiTrmlo proposition, and it was this— The Catholic Church was not the enemy, but was the friend and patron and encourager of all true science and of all true scientific men (Cheers.) It was all nonsense to assert the contrary, and he would show it to them by bringing the search to the plain, ordinary test of common sense. Let them suppose for an instant that the Catholic Church was what those men declared it to be, afraid of her life. of science, afraid of science, afraid of scientific men, declaring that she could not feear them — telling them to stand off, that if she caught them she would fix them. (Laughter.) Let them suppose that she con sidered deep scientific research to be incon sistent with the profession of her faith and the practice of her morality, and what would follow ? Let them test it by common sense. Tlio-ir Tinrt all. like himself, been preparing for confession since they were seven years of I age, and did they ever say when, examining I their consciences, they opened their prayer book and went oye.r the table of sins, 'Did I I press my studies too far, or was ij too scientific ?' (Cheers and laughter.) I Was any Catholic boy ever expected to I sn-o- iViis at confession — ' Father, I am a medical student, and all the other students are tremendous fellows for science, and, father. I accuse myself that I was inclined to 8tudy— that I was inclined and endeavoured to keep up with them in their researches ? $h, father, forgive me.' Laughter and applause.) He wondered 'had Sir Dominick iporrigan ever acpused himself for being too studious or too deep in his application when I Studying those subjects so great, and so dangerous, if they would, in which he had achieved so grand a triumph. He wondered did any confessor ever say to him (Sir Dominick) — ' Oh ! boy, this won't do ; I hear you got the first medal the other day at ths College of Surgeons.' (Laughter.) Every iM-y at Stonyhurbt, at Oscott, Usshaw, and 9 wer great Catholic schools ia England, and in Clongowes Wood, and indeed, their own Catholic University would do so yet; they boasted how their pupils sent forth succeeded in examinations for cadetships, for the CiviJ Service, f»r the Engineers, and the rest, and how Catholic boys succeeded in this and in that. (Applause.) (To be Continued) 