AZAUAT BATÜK'SDIART IN ' A FIJI is WA. CAMPING WITH THE METHODISTS. ROUND LAKE, Aug. 23. Yesterday afternoon, Saratoga, where I had been staying for the last fortnight, been all at once so hot and select after the exodus of the miscellaneous regatta guests, that began to feel as if I wanted to refresh myself A couple of Plymouth Church parsons talking on the piazza about the difference between the Methodist Church south and north, au; gested to me the happy thought of taking trip to Round Lake. As the camp was about to break up, no time was to be lost, and at a quarter to 7 p. m. I was at the station 1 Two trains were standing in readiness, but apparently bound in the same direction and both pretty full of people. As usual only one conductor was to be seen, and h ms rushing about and cursing. I inquire of him still sOme trouble which was the 'train for Roma Lake? "The one under your nose, he backed" out. and rushed . away. I got into the nearest uses and Jue as I was being despatched for Assist '-came that we viewed the respective j_A8|t.ont) c. . Biynose andhUcars in di^erB¿fcliglltaj hurried into the others' and pain all . piece of ice has me in the eye the moment opened the door, what is that! A man i Dargalong ¡ce _n8__.e the carriage, and split iv "ii around. He has also upset a bucket of water, and there is quite a pond inside the car. Thanks to the disabled eye, I step into the water, slip down, and am unexpectedly Seated on the floor. Everybody is delighted except the refresh- ment man, who is evidently angry that interfered with his business. A certain portion of my person absorbing water like sponge, I get up and try to find a more convenient seat. For some time general attention is concentrated upon me. Som people continue laughing, others look with Stupid sympathy. I do my best to assume a unconcerned attitude, and am watching the refreshment-man making lemonade str inside the carriage, which is more like a huge cattle waggon. He squeezes lemons with his dirty hands, and the juice flows brown Presently the beverage is mixed by means of a stick that was standing in a corner. No' be plunges a glass into the liquid and taste it. It is not sweet enough. He takes a few more pieces of sugar out of his coat pocket and begins working with the stick again Meanwhile, two boys are crying out, "No fresh figs, only 10 cents, a box, and "Fin cigars, two for a quarter." On passing in they are reminded of my sitting down in the pond, and of course cannot help bursting with laughter. I persevere in endeavouring to look unconcerned. Meanwhile the car run on, and we reach a place called Me charleville, where they stay for a while without any one calling out the name of the station or anyone being disposed to alight a the place. Presently, as we are set in motion: again, the boys start anew, this time with "Troy evening papers, and "Fine assorted p candles, only 10 cents. a box." But Scarcely have they made a few steps, when another paff" resounds. What is that 2 A slip of the face of one of the boys, coming from his ice-breaking and lemonade making employer " What was it for ?" asked an elderly gentleman. " 'CauSe he does not know his business Howcanhe expect apasBenger to take candle after hoaR just taken figs? Of course on must have something to drink between Some lemonade and ice water ought to have been served now. I told him twenty time how things should be fixed. The lesson evidently asked to make the boy give up; the candles and take to "Iced lemonade only ten cents, a glass " " In a few minute we reached Round Lake station. The new station erected for the convenience of camp ing Methodists turns out to be a rather commodious place. A number of queer-facet people are assembled to meet those arriving. in the train. The majority of them look! exactly as I fancied Methodists would. Besides the people, Borne household goods an heaped on the platform, and a chicken car with two persons in it is standing in the place of the usual omnibusses. The car came to fetch one more person, who '. am afraid was on a spree at Saratoga. It was evidently a dog-cart originally, but a cage has now been placed behind, in which traces of poultry having been conveyed in it are evident. The white horse spotted with black must be about a hundred years old, and is dead lame The cart is, however, a useless luxury, for it is not more than 15 yards to the gates of the camp. When we arrived it began to darken in the wood, and lamps were being lighted. People are evidently comfortable down there, for they have not only lamps but lamp-post too. With the help of these lamps I soon found out the trustee's office, the post-office, and the police office. I believe the same men manage all three establishments and some others besides. I said I wanted a shelter for the night, and was reverentially asked whether I was a minister. Such a question was put to me for the first time in my life, and I hope it was my white necktie only that caused the mistake. At all events I made at once a note, " however hot it might be, never to wear a white necktie in a Protestant country except at disreputable hours." I had seen, however, cause for regretting that I had denied the accusation of being a clergyman, for as soon as the authorities heard I was not a reverend person, they made me disburse 75 cents., and gave me a ticket for half a bed in a tent which sheltered some two dozen nondescripts. I did not see my would-be bedfellow, but I saw my intended bed and some of my intended fellow ledgers, and that was enough. Back I rushed to the office, and unable to carry imposition to the extent of declaring myself a minister, I carried it, at all events, so far as to declare that I was a regular reporter of The Argus sent out to describe the Methodist camp. PreSBmen enjoying all imaginable privileges in this country, I was immediately handed a ticket for a room in the superintendent's cottage. I was told, however, that there was no use in my going to the cottage before service was over, at the house was closed, so I had nothing to do but to go to service too. If you have over seen a German beer garden, you will easily imagine what the place of Methodist worship looks like. A stand is erected and decorated for the band to play on. In an open place in front of it are numerous wooden benches for the public. In this instance there are no tables to be seen for the beer, and that makes all the difference. Whonlreachod the place it was crowded with people, chiefly women and old men. Their numbers would fairly be set at one thousand. The stand was fully occupied by gentlemen, chiefly in white neckties ; some of them were old, but the majority were middle aged. A very old minister was delivering an address, and a good many of the audience groaned. I thought at first they felt bored but discovered subsequently that it was their way of giving way to their surplus religious feelings. For my own part I did not under stand much of what the elderly speaker said It was all about righteousness, redemption, and sanctification, the latter being divided into partial and entire, immediate and prospective. The gentleman had evidently spoken for a long time, for he looked very exhausted, yet he went on fully an hour or more. People in the meanwhile groaned all the time, and when he concluded the sacrament was administered. By means of benches a square space was set apart in front of the stand, and a table was brought upon which several loaves of bread and a few jugs of claret appeared, The whole proceeding appeared most reverend, The communion had no ritual at all about it. A bit of bread broken off the loaf and a draught of wine out of the glass constituted the whole ceremony, in which nearly all those present participated. In the midst of it a man with a red face, evidently a business manager of the concern, shouted out to the minister within the enclosure, " It is no use giving such as pieces of press. ; sirs just a bit We cannot have any more loaves to night This expostulation suggested to me that I had better go and look for something to eat, since people were so hard up A large tent serving as a restaurant, was sufficiently lUu minated to enable me to find it without much difficulty ' What will you have asked the substantial respectable looking landlord a regular supper or only just a lunch? and I ordered a ' regular supper It consisted of coarse boiled meat torn (not cut into pieces of bread and crackers with some very strong smelling butter and a cup of tea The whole was by no means tempt Ing and I said to the landlord that I had changed my mind and would take what he called only just a lunch I thought it would be something different but the worthy man simply withdrew the meat leaving me with the tea crackers bread and butter I cannot say that I enjoyed it so repast but I went through it and after paying the moderate sum of 25 cents started for the discovery of the superintendent's cottage and a vacant bed in it. The Service was over by that time and the superintendents met. at "'""overturned ""i gue flatly refused to accommodate me Here again my capacity of a pressman came to my help After having for some time unsuccessfully used milder arguments I do clared that I would have to make a printed statement that notwithstanding my having purchased a Methodist s ticket I could not get a Methodist s bed and the lady yielded at once She still said she had no room but promised to do her best to find one if I would take a seat on the balcony and wait awhile The night was the most beautiful I had enjoyed for some time past The clear sky of that blue which rivals Italy and which present CR its colour even at night moonbeams playing on the surface of the lake among the trees dim lights coming here and there from the tents and the sound of hymns ringing through the forests gave quite a fairy touch to the picture I turned dreamy and poetical and would have sat all night on the balcony m contemplative enjoyment but the land lady came to announce that my bed was ready and that it being half-past 10 every body had to retire TI of room assigned to me in the superintendent a cottage was very much like a new stable Its size the new unpainted timber of the ceiling floor and walls and the smell of fresh wood and of the straw in the mattresses would make anyone believe that he was in a quarter intended for some noble steed had not a bed and a washstand been there to teach him better Even the partition between the rooms were not higher than they usually are in stables I enjoyed a good deal of company for the ministers on both sides of me were married men and conversed with their wives till a late hour I wondered all the time how they were not tired of talking all day long and would go once more over the same ground at night. The merits of the sundry rations the impressiveness of the services and the probable incomes of Rev So and so and Bishop So and so all had their turn Though the conversations were as a rule carried on in an undertone I could still hear almost every word and was puzzled to understand what interest the ladies could find in carrying theological discussions to their bed rooms The next morning however I saw that the fair sex play in the Methodist Church a far less a passive part than I was accustomed to see them play in other churches Some of them preached with greater real than the men Mrs Lankford for instance is a regular she Spurgeon and seems to have a tabernacle of her own and some of the Sisters cried groaned and subjected themselves to contortions in a manner which caused me to believe them to be in fits of acute dementia The number of ladies of that turn of mind was however not so very large A considerable portion of the female population of the camp looked as if they came simply to spend a fortnight out of the dusty and oppressive atmosphere of the city A good many did not even attend service and the majority of those that did eat quietly without groaning sometimes even without listening to the discourses They talked with their friends and went in and out much as if they did not know what to do with themselves in the evening the darker avenues of the crop were all peopled with young couples evidently holding to the opinion that life was given to human beings to be spent not necessarily in ideal brotherly love only But whenever Singing resounded on the stand nearly everybody joined in even those that found themselves in the most distant avenues and the effect was capital especially when the hallelujahs and the We will meet on the beautiful river were Bung-hymns which everybody seemed to know thoroughly and which even I managed to pick upon that night. The morning service next day having been fixed for half a cost 5 a m I did my best to get up in time and was somewhat perplexed at not finding water to wash myself with and hearing that everybody had to fetch it for himself from the fountain The practice has certain social advantages which the fair sex used to turn to good account in former times The fountain was always a place of gossip and love rendezvous but in our prosaic age the old fountain going practice leads only to j. people washing themselves less there than usual From inquiries I have made at Round Lake it turned out that to take a bath during camping time is an unknown thing among Methodists There is a good sheet of water close by and Borne might have availed themselves of it but no bathing accommodation has not been provided Now just fancy a couple of thousand men women and children living in close tents pell-mell and in the hottest season of the year without over taking an ablution In picturing to myself the condition in which their bodies must be I could not help thinking that however agreeable to the Almighty might be the devotion of those ing Methodists their dirtiness certainly cannot but e his approval Knowing the American taste for practical sermons I even thought of getting on the stand and delivering an era tion on the desirability of the whole congregation being sent right off from Round Lake to that great lavatory of the American un washed Coney Island but my natural bashfulness prevented me from doing so as it has frequently prevented me from carrying another laudable intentions When towards noon thoughts began to be removed and the camp was partially broken up the amount of rubbish and filth shown to have been accumulated under these tents was some thing horrible When one bears in mind that some of the Methodists camp in this manner for several months in the year one begins to wonder how their constitutions can standstill And the most curious point in that their authorities seem to be quite proud about the improvement of the health of their congregation as compared with its condition in town What must then be the city life of these people in their camp life is an improvement upon it' With reference to the oratorical talents of the Methodists I would not venture to express any opinion I am probably too hard skulled to appreciate them At all events what seemed pro for until y to affect the congregation appeared as being destitute of any sense to me It seemed that the tongues talked from sheer force of habit and that their speeches went like respiration they had only to open their mouths and the words poured and poured on of themselves One of the gentlemen who delivered the most in telligible discourse said among other things that he was an infidel five years ago nominally a -Roman Catholic that he went to Missouri that the Holy Ghost was poured into him and that there he stood in a state of entire sanctification Jesus had been wonderfully with him over since While I was trying to make out whether I could realise the substance of his oration, Ra old deaf lady asked, me to enter. port to her what the minister was saying, and in attempting to do so I discovered that these three or four sentences were all that I retained from a flow of words which had lasted for nearly two hours, causing several hundred people to sit with their mouths wide open, and a good many of them to cry bitterly and groan desperately. The impressiveness of the oration seemed, indeed, to have been so great that I saw one of the bishops take off his spectacles, wipe his eyes, and with quivering lips utter, "Amen." There was, however, something to learnt if not from the sermons, at all events from the conversations with some of the reverend gentlemen. One of them, for instance, commented on President Grant's visit to the camp, and tried to impress upon my mind the political meaning of it. He said he did not know for certain that the President was a communicant ; but he knew he was a good Methodist, and regularly attended the Foundry Church at Washington. Of his two Christian names, Ulysses Simpson, the second was given to him inhononrofanoldMethodist minister now deceased, and formerly greatly admired by the President's parents. From a strictly religious point of view a visit to the camp paid between the worldly pastimes of Long Branch aud Saratoga, where the President was lately staying, was, in the minister's opinion, not very commendable. But, on the other hand, the requirements of the President's position should be kept in view. He had many points to take into consideration, and to show an exceptional sympathy to the society of his brethren in religion would perhaps be impolitic and premature. The President was fully aware of the enormous political power the various Methodist bodies numbering about four millions of people-possessed now in America, and he was naturally anxious to secure their support, especially if he was to be nominated for a third term. But nevertheless, a great amount of judgment and discretion was to be exercised in securing their support. If only theMethodistEpiscopal Church, south and north, could be brought to a union which the reverend gentleman believed was becoming more and more likely-the Metho- dists would rule not only this country, but the whole world. The camp meetings had incalculably contributed toward the growth of Methodism, and the meeting of this year had done more than any of the previous ones. And here my informant began to dwell upon the importance of the fact of men like Bishop Kavanaugh and Bishop Doggett of the south, meeting on truly brotherly terms northern ministers of the position and influence of Bishop Simpson and Bishop Janes, and the fraternising feast being witnessed by delegates of various distant churches, including even those of Australia, represented by Mr. Dare, of Melbourne. The reverend gentleman would probably havesuppliedmewithinoroinformationofthis sort had the hour not been already approach- ing noon, the time appointed for breaking up the camp. Upon an order from the stand the whole body of the encamped Methodists was then formed in an interminable column of two, and began walking round their improvised place of worship, singing hymns and shaking hands with the ministers, arrayed in front of the stand. This is; called the "March around Jerusalem." I had naturally to do as everybody else did, and to march and sing with them, and so lovely was the day, and so impressive was the singing, that I felt myself almost caught into Methodism. I began even to think about purchasing a little cottage in the camp. Thanks to the speculative turn of mind of the Round Lake Association, one can have now a plot of land for 99 years, with a cottage on it, which will certainly last till the first storm, for the moderate sum of COOee. A little real estate speculation of this sort would surely be most tempting, especially if the fraternity can be made to introduce into their creed the dogma of bathing and general cleanliness. 