E NTE RTAI«M£(m the THEATRES; *in The "'Hidden Hand," which was played ^ f,t the Theatre 'Royal -on Saturday Monday nights, 1b not the melodrama-tit , the abate npme which was nfowut the Haymarket some six or, 'soyea . —- *?—■ ut »Bren since. That melodroma ^ jm eff^ve1 piecethis melodrama is Biriiply drauifttfe' AtsM MnwiATOf— ' dregs. Moreover, it is not nbw ito nTrxS ' imrlnr ftiA tifla nf ** T ifn «M'iL. fa ' .. .*0c " under the title of " Life in the Soath '-u'^-i __j. ?f . ' " wag produced in Sydney, and if my memory does r not serve me badly, in Melbourne also, it, V* may be 16 years ago. Why it should ever have been produced at all is, a mystery. ifc is described as an adaptation from Mrs. E.N 1 Southworth's novel. I never read Mrs. j{' \, N. Southworth's novel, and if the novel ia -> no better than the play, I never intend to read it. To confess the truth, I never heard ' of Mrs. E, N. Southworth until this-' play was announced as indebted to'" her. 1 am equally at a loss to know 1 why it is called "The Hidden Hand." ' Almost any other name would have suited ; it quite as welL The only reason for thus. - naming it, bo- far as I can discover, is that ia ; one scene a window suddenly becomes illn. : min&ted; with red fire, or by means of a t*d blind, and some hands are seen waving about inside the window. Why they wave, or who waves them, I do not know. But, indeed, 1; am no less puzzled with everything else in the piece. I tried all my hardest to discover if there was any consistent plot, and I came -'' to the conclusion that the author had not considered it necessary to embarrass himyif -' with a plot There is a young person id - patched trowsers in the first act end ; the same young person, in petticoats in all thereat of the five;acts. She turns out to., - be the heiress to a great deal of money, anil', 'somebody else wants her. money and her '' life, and does not get either of them. She hag' - a'sweetheart of the nautical profession, who I comes, in at'critical moments. and rescues her from peril. And this.readineas to defend f and protect her appears to be necessary, as - she is always putting herself in the way of . danger. . Like all melodramatic, heroines; ; however, nothing hurts her, fbrsomemeahg£u of escape is alwayB provided. On one such occasion she is attacked byuTuffian who is.',1 hired to murder her. and him she dispoBes of u by sending him through a trap-door into a■. cpllax, where he is capturedand is gubse., quently sentenced to be hanged, bat hfll is • not banged, for the young person tekes hior*' a bag of files, with which hecuts through his rthaina and prison.bar8 and gets away to do more villany, There are 17 other, characters •> besides the young person and the ruffian,. ,j not to ^fhak of miscellaneous niggers,' y . wo n o and. they TO not appear to be encumbered " with the obligation of doing anything in Ac- : cordance with a specified phut. There isa : peppery old gentleman who qoaiieUed with - his wife a great many ye&rB; previously and left her, and who, it appears, had ho good grounds for quarrelling with hex, and who/ ., therefore, makes it up. There is a nigger, who does the funny business; who dances; 11 and who prefects his exits with the remark - - that he believes yon. •' This Sort of expletive. ■> riess is very effective with the gallery boys.;;; There is also a diBmal woman,, who goes ', about lamenting her fate/ another dismal.. woman, .less stricken in years, who also' laments, according to her more limited op-" portunities; a serving woman, who, having no need to lament, laments not; and there isaspeechless person dresedin white, whomay be. a ghost, a nun, or p lunatic. She is mentioned in the biff as "The Unknown," Snd this title pretty accurately describes her. There te a female nigger, who danoM ' breakdowns, and is altogether an agreeable ; coloured young person, with an indefinite mission in the play.- In a.general way, I - think virtue is rewarded'and vice punished; ; . bnt of this'I am not sure." I only know that' things are a good deal mixed, and that much' sorting oat wonld be necessary to make ftd " story clear, if therein a story. I sympathised very much with the ladies and gentlemen., vyho supported the several characters. They did not seem happy hi them, and I. do hot. wonder. Some .of theih tried ;to be hW|., anfi so made the audience serious, some of; them,' being serious'; made ' the audience , laugh. . . Indeed* the is. of that perplexing kind ^you csnnofc.1 ITOll say what ,tire,\effert. of .|may tion or any'passage will be, It .ie powW:) there may be audienoea: who would revere#;f this method, but they are hardly to be found fn Meibourne. Jtis ^opS^itd msn(lonti^:i Mins Stone played the heroine—that ii.tertb ■' the youngpereon who isalways in peril-anf1 Mr.Stpnethe part of the funpy nigger. , ! On Tuesday! the Mil was agiin changed, , and what is described as Mr. Boudcault's ■ f'Led Astray" was presented. Why Mf. - Boucfbault's I do notknow, seeing that it is : tody another -translation, with some modifies-. oeinber.. At any.rate, Jt waeanimjuoremenf upon "Cigarette," "The Peari of Savoy. f Miraida/'Urid " The Hidden Hand,,'ftndAS U consequence, the actingwas fcysamudhffls fitter. And this, piece served fpr .tbe.jKhe* of MipStona'e benefit on irhuro^: ¥..#•1 ppit a ffood'hpu^ candid, thero tava hot 'fm7 lAtteudaaoetatixeT oa wovrt wv^.pbyedcthan bad* fairtnaL Let us hope we 1 see her some day under more favour. iff9 nigh'» hfiss Paget is to make heir first valance before a Melbourne audience. I r ottellyou anything about Miss Paget, ^ag hope, on the omne ignotum, bo., ' • wnle she may tani out well. It is time methioe turned out well at the, Royal ■vr Dariee. the ventriloquist, is also to ap I** f0I the first time in Victoria, and of Jffrtpoft speaks very welL I fl0 Saturday afternoon, at the Opera a there was what by a perversion -of J meaning is called a motinSe, As performance began at half-past 3, I -dd think a more appropriate name |% bean aprtonodi. But there is no ac Uiting for these eccentricities of theatrical tZs. Without quarrelling with the title of Ejj performance, let it be said that the per. fiance itself was admirable; for Made, ^jeelle Clans played in her divinest manner, jjs, John Hill executed some selections on 1 tbe pianoforte, also in his best fashion, and 0s Carey recited Macaulay's "Virginia" wd Tennyson's " May Queen" so as to very much surprise everybody. The last was es pedaUr fell-delivered J so well, indeed, that [eaffmore than one person with moistened ep during the recital^ of the second part, is this was the first time of Miss Carey's reading in public, so very signal a success is the more to be remarked. It suggests a Bode of employing her undoubtedly great ioiantfi in & direction she has not so far at and until now, perhaps, hardly Tn Monday the performance was varied by iii. inclusion in it of Mr. Val Vose, the 1 ventriloquist. Mr. Vose is very clever in his ; his performance would hatfe all Ifte''better effect if the conversation he " dolls carry on were not so lacking His repetitions become tiresome, perpetual remonstrances addressed f to johnny Trotter—who is really an amusing i-are just a little wearisome. The te might be multiplied by twenty them amusing, but one anecdote which is not amusing is too mnch. The np.fish has added to his performances by into the water in evening dress and coming out in scaleB. Also, he now writes in the water. I should not be surprised if next he should go to sleep in the water. The Eiber&ica; at St. George s-hall, and the United States Minstrels at the Apollo-hall, continue an unflagging attraction, despite the cold and wet weather. I hear of a company being formed for Sandhurst, of a superior kind. As the arrangements, however, are not matured, it may he well to postpone farther mention of it until next week. The Fairclough-cum. Carey combination has come to an end. A correspondent from New Zealand says that the old companies were shifting about, hut that no new talent had arrived in the colony for some time. The Darnells were still in Auckland, and the Bateses in Wel lington ; and the Hoskinses, after a short but snccessful season iu Christchurch, were to sncceed Miss May Howard atjDunedin, prior to entering npon the management' of the' Wellington Theatre. The Duvalli Sisters, after travelling overland from Dunedin to Christchnrch, were to open at the theatre in the latter city,' where Mr. and Mrs. Bates were also to appear, under the management of Mr. G. W. Collier. The Rev. Charles Clark, with Miss Christian, was at Nelson on the 19th, where Mr. and Mrs. Case were also expected. I learn from other sources that from Kelson Mr. Clark was to proceed to Auckland, whence—with his manager, Mr. Smythe—he intended to return to Ana tolia by the Macgregor. He had everywhere met with great and unvarying success, and if he had not been obliged to return to his dermal duties in Melbourne he might have - remained some months longer in New Zea and, the West Coast and other parts not wing been visited by! "him at alL Miss Qrisflan, his associate on his return trip, Ms been equally successful She made her mt appearance in Wellington under the ytil patronage of the Marquis and Mar. ■mess of Normanby, and was received , the greatest enthusiasm in that most musical city, Christchurch, whither she was return, at the expiration of her engage •5Lh?' Mr> Clark' to Bin« fche The Allen Opera Company in Adelaide rmKifJ6 enloy a ™y m*rked degree of ab»°. S?1' ^ Hwttunont's first appear i°n 5a28^r "I "Maritana" was, last: T?, ^ Advertiser, from first to tmmiDh." "one continued RrilvS <. a May, as Maritana, is de« Dieli" ^ H. Hallam's Fra o u warmly eagumended; bnt the of the banda^kjhorusevokes a remonstrance from theSddwrfiser of tiome, the, Carandini tiU®? at CaeUemaine the latter er •taanA Madame Bishop abou T^tiasatBeeohworth. Apa ^^..correspondent of date Victoria Theatre home, .tiw drawn but very mod night ,^r* Wheatleigh's benefit benefit i^„ ave ^sen little more th b J® tie repeated < to beneJ?WJ?daf' wfaen Mm. Steele i 8t Crf' L1?® 516068 »l«oted are 'I y Daughter's Ddbut,' At the 88 Achilla Do] fighth Wee^8' Struck Oil'- is nowii ^e'. The vnLsn®1 ^rawing crbi Itfiatunda, tiecha 6 etIf/ ^j Oblige Ben %nor q£ J?" the F« tlle fi|at of two g Arte last cvei J^ea' miifo hi kj>0cal Went V®*7W nettesare expected by the as. Macgregor ion Monday next, and will probably 'open on,the lolloping Saturday, at the ! School 'of Arts. The rebuilding of the ! Prince of Wales Theatre was commenced I yesterday, and will probably be completed .early In October next Mr. Laser, the leasee,, ib engaging the best available talent on lengthy terms.' The Italian opera com mences a month season on Saturday, open* jpg with ' La JniTfl.'" TAHITE. 