TWO STBISKiS TO THE BOW. '' {From Bow Belli.) • TBSidelicatefragrance ofhofchoueeiflowers^ Hoatedithrough thehalf-lighted parlours like- -reminiscences .-of the "sweet south : ; -breathingnpon & bank of "violets," altKougiT ihe matter-of-fact -almanac stolidly persisted'; in pointing-out December as the month, and the thermometer without stood uncomfortably near zero. .But the vases on either side of the fire-place were filled with roses and' heliotrope, freBh from the tropic warmth - »f conservatorieB,and a single dazzling japo mica gleamed, like carved pearl, among the jetty folds of Ella Wardlaw'js, hair, as she -stood-smiling "beside her harp, listening to the-.xegretfal - iarew«lla of him whom, the \- world,called her lover.' - "Good-by, "Ella ; I shall come again very . »oon." _ ' " n<> .Miss Wardlaw'fl heart throbbed high, i 'Charles Forrest had. never before called ; her " Ella ;" and she felt triumphantly conscious that -herproud beauty ..and the seduc- .five notes of her silver-stringed harp had • Tery nearly brought him to 4he :" proposing point;'' One oi two moresuch vigorous sieges, and the fortress would be her own. .She sank, yawning, on a sofa as the front:: . door closed behind her "lover, and clasped her white hands carelessly over her head, •the crimson lips apart, and tho veined lids drooping over her eyes that were full of amothered fire—the very.impersonation of a lovely syren, .Whose vocation it was to .conquer hearts "toy the score, and carry them . about with her as trophies of her coquette lures! ... • • . M.Mrs. Charles Porrest," she .. repeated to \- herself—•" that doesn't sound so very badly, - does-it? particularly as the aforesaid Mrs. diaries Porrest will step into a mansion, a . carriage,- and a perfect carcanet of family •" diamonds! Y«s, I believe he is • safely en- -trapped, and ifl-play xny cards as well as I "can do, the matter will be settled within ^threedays^HoighoI this-husband-hunting tisiis wearisome :businesBafterall, and rather <•' jhazardous unless one'is very .skilful. That -j«»minds me," she added, starting suddenly up^ and,throwing off her soft langour as one -;mightlay aside ia .useless garment, " I must ^'Iwjite^to "Ralph' Thornby to-night. If the -s>!v4ove-atricken 'Wretch shouldfulfil his hinted 5 iStimation of coming to see me, it might ; possibly be awkward.. Poor, dear Ralph!" -. ^continued the beauty, with -.curling lip, as : rJjShe' oponed* her, .dainty writing- desk, and s:^^eleeted^sheet.of-Tose-'Cqloured -paper, redo- ;ofrSsomeiiamt Parisian-perfume —•' what -jjiagallant he was! I really liked the handpsome.boy,;-b ut, GharlesPorres t is. .rich, and. '^hat'must decide matters, for such an extravagant little body as I am can't live without • money. I am aorry. though, that I wrote Etflph -that very^sentimental letter; but that "jwas when I supposed he was the best investment I could make of my precious self. .But Til sprinkle cold water on the flame of s^issiloveibefore the-affair becomes any more serious. I wonder," pursued Ella, biting the endofher pen thoughtfully, " whether I ; must leave off flirting when I'm married to •'Charles. I do,like this driving three or four lovers in hand, I confess; it's splendid fun ! , Eleven:>o'clock! can it be possible that it is so late ? I must make haste and finighj-fcietiresoma- letter, and then toJ^fi^-jo^ream of .diamonds and carriages'!" jttjf«g-fieafly twelve, however, and the fire had burnt very low before Ella finished the carefully-worded note, and sealed it .with a fairy-like device of entangled initials in pink-wax. Por: Ella was exquisitely fas-' tidious and elaborate in all hei' doings, even down to her flirtations. The beautiful velvet-checked coquette, with her drooping eyelids and voice attuned to the .sweetest and softest key—one - would have thought as she placed that letter on the marble mantel, that she knew- its contents were, meant to break the heart of a noble and true-souled man ! : But patience, Ella Wardlaw--—your day of retribution will arrive yet! . When ChaTles Porrest . descended the steps of the. Wardlaws' dwelling- and' walked down the-lighted street, he .felt dizzy and happy,"like .the voyager who steers his bark away from the. soft, bewildering fragrance of lotusrblossomed islcB in the far east. The syren's speH 'was on him, and yet some warning and watchful pulse, down deep in his heart, kept beating the -old, incomprehensible tune— "Beware, beware!" Onward he passed through the noisy tumult of . Piccadilly, up Band-street, until he paused where the brilliant lights from , a great hotel threw a line of radiance out to the very middle -of the street. "Porrest, my dear fellow ! can it be possible that this is you?" suddenly exclaimed •a voice.. •-_„ ••. " Myself and no other, Thornby, for I conclude it is either you or .your ghost. But 1 thought you were safely settled in Cambridge, studying divinity instead of ——'' "Instead of running wild about the country, you were going to say. But I have RrantesLmyself a temporary holiday to Pafiawjgl can't tell you ahontit here. Gome up to my room and we'll have a chat." Tl^esdelightful little impromptu supper of, woll-seasoned grills, ..washed down' by Mo- selle, was over, and the two gentlemen were smoking cigars in front of a bright fire, •when Thornby abruptly plunged ; into the ; subject.which was uppermost in his mind. Chariey, I'm in love! " "You aro? My dear fellow, so am I ! " " I am r glad of that, : because you can sympathise with mo. I have come here expressly to see her and have the day fixed for ourwedding." " I haven't got quite so far as that 3 " said Porrest, smiling. ; . " But, Charley, she is the loveliest .creature ..that the sun ever shone on—an angel—a divinity ——-" .;. " Hold on, Ralph—not quite the loveliest, : I trust; fox .the• lady whom I worship is alone .entitled to that superlative degree of pTaise!" "You're in love too, my dear boy, so F1I excuso any little symptoms of insanity," rejoined Thornby, laughing; " but really, if you could flee Ella Stay! I believe I've got her picture somewhere about mo 1" lie searched eagerly in his pockets, while Porrestxepeated the soft namo. "Ella? Why, that is the name of the young lady whom I admire so much; and, by Jove!'' he added, as Thornby unclasped -a little velvet miniature case, and held it towards him,', "that is the very face I You don't mean to cay you are -engaged to her?" \- < _ _ \- ' heuure lam! ' What do you mean ? Surely there is some mlstalke'^ •Jwegr show' you her" last'letter." . \ _ ' jffle drey "out; the iselfrsame --M-Vfery fienti- Wardlaw had Teferradsin^herinUtteredsoIiloquy. -•••••.<:. "-"-PorreBtTglanced-^yer is with 1 'bewildered eyes, and^hen biting his -whiteiip.until the blood started, took from his own pocketbook a prettily-worded note fronrJDlla, which' he had received that morning. • The handwriting is -precisely similar. Ralph, we are both the dupes of an artful, unprincipled girl. This same Ella . Wardlaw, while she is corresponding with you in -this impassioned strain, is doing her best to lure me on to a proposal!" cannot be," gasped Salp'a,. feeling as if.;he were in a dream. ?."But 1 know it to be so! Heavens 1 , what a narrow.escape I have had! And you-also,. Tfaornby, should rejoice at your jescape from the-wiles , of a false-hearted eo-.: -quette ! " ? -Still Ralph'Thornby repeated, between .his clenched-teeth.— 5 '-' I -will not believe it. Ella is. truth itself!." - .. ; Shall we put it to the test ? " asked Porrest, rather indignantly. ^. uif Do what you please. J will stake my life on her single-mindedness ! " Porrest took-up a pen; and dashed oil a hurried proposal in form. - . "There, I will send this to-morrow morning, with a request for - an immediate answer. . When that answer comes, will you believe its testimony ?". Thornby nodded; but the hand which lay upon Charles Porrest's was cold and damp as marble. . .. " Good-night then, my dear fellow," said Porrest, as he-rose to take leave. "I am sorry for you from the very bottom of- my heart, for you feel, this more deeply that I can do I." But Thornby did not answer—he was gazing absently into the fire. Could it; be. possible-that his worshipped idol was slip-, piogj.rslowly but surely, from her .high per destaif. Then what remained on earth, to trust? .. Head and heart both ached sadly that night; but the .weariness of .travel was- •nothing to the sick-sensation of distrust and apprehension that had. taken possession of his mind. Therefore it happened that he was still hanging over his almost untasted breakfast, when Charles Porrest was announced by. a ; waiter; • - " Well ? " was his greeting. Porrest replied : " I despatched my missive, and here is the answer. See, the seal is yet unbroken—we peruse it together." It was a skilfully-written note of glad acceptance. . Ella wrote that "she had long loved Mr. Porrest—that her greatest happiness through life would be to secure his eontentmentj"rr with - a variety of charming little addenda,: such as, yesterday, would have filled Charles Porrost's heart with rapture. • Now, they were false, idle rhapsodies!. ;. "Are you convinced?" was Porrest's simple question, as ,the letter dropped from his companion^ trembling hand... I.ajn. Jt but I am effectually, roused at last. Charley, I have been a fool—a dupe !": . " And so have I, Ealph. Just give , me that enthusiastic love-letter you showed me last nighr." "What.for?" Charles made no reply ; : but he took the letter from Thornby's unresisting hand, and folding it with the note of acceptance he had just received, wrote one line .on the marr gin— " The compliments of Messrs.. Thornby and Porrest "—and enclosed both, in one envelope, directed to Miss Wardlaw. ThereJ V ,he said-quietly. When she receives this, she will see that her carefullyarranged plans are disconcerted. And thenceforward the namo of Ella Wardlaw was never mentioned between the two friends Thornby returned a sadder and a wiser man to Cambridge, and Porrest went to Prance, having very sensibly resolved not t even to risk a chance meeting with:Ella, whose subtle art he dreaded exceedingly. Ella Wardlaw was practising -a difficult Italian sonata on her harp as the eventful \ note was handed her. She tore it hurriedly open, and gazed with, wide-open, bewildered. eyes upon the ^enclosures. The-next instant they fell from her nerveless- fingers-—she,, had fainted, for the first and last time in-her-life. Years have passed since then. . • H Palph Thornby Is married ,.to a lovely young heiress; Charles Porrest has a blooming wife and two rosy little girls. -But Ella WaTdlaw is a -hopeless old 1 maid, with not the faintest chance of a husband. She says she never intended to marry: but we've heard old maids say that before ! 