MEMOIR OF TAM O'SHANTER. Thomas Reid, so celebrated as Tam O1 Shanter by Burns, was born in the Kyle of Ayrshire. His first entrance into "active life was in the capacity of ploughboy to William Burns, the father of the poet, whom Thomas described as a man of great capacity, as being very fond of an argument, of rigid mortals, and a strict disciplinarian—so much so, that when the labours of the day were over, the whole family sat down by the blazing " lia' ingle," and upon no pretence whatever could any of the inmates leave the house after night. This was a circumstance that was not altogether to Thomas's liking. He had heard other ploughboj-s with rapture recount scenes of rustic jollity, which had fallen in their way, while out 011 nocturnal visits to the fail* daughters or servant girls of the neighbouring farmers—scenes of which he was practically ignorant. And more—he had become acquainted with a young woman he had met at Maybole Fair ; anil having promised to call upon her at her father's i house, owing to his master's regularity of housekeeping, he had found it totally impracticable. To have one night's sport was liis nightly and daily study. It so happened that his mistress about this time was brought to bed. Thomas hailed the bustle of that happy period as a fit time to compass his long meditated visit. Mrs. Burns lay in the spcnce. The gossips were met around the kitchen fire, listening to the howling of the storm which raged without, and thundered down the chminey ; it was a January blast. Thomas kept his eye upon his master, who, "with clasped " hands and uplifted eyes, sat in the rnuckle chair in the ingle neuk," as if engaged in supplication at the Tin-one of Grace for the safety of his wife and child. Thomas drew liis chair nearer the door, and upon some little bustle in the kitchen he reached the hallen, and was just emerging into darkness, when the hoarse voice of the angry Burns rung in the ears of the almost petrified ploughboy, " Where awa', Tam V "The auld doure whalp," muttered Tam, as he shut the door and resumed his stocking ; " I was gaun to the door to see if the win' was tirring the thack aff the riggin." "Thou needs na gang to look the night," cried the rigid overseer of Boonhohn, "when it is sae mirk, thou coudna' see thy finger afore thee." It was indeed " a waefu' nicht." Such a night as this might give rise to these admirable lines of that bard, about to be ushered into the world— " That night a child might understand The deil had business on liis hand." It was a little before the now pensive and thoughtful Burns was given to understand that a son was born unto him, as " The wind blew as 'twad blaw its last, that a horrid crash was heard ; a shriek rose from the affrighted women, as they drew their chairs nearer the fire. " The gliaists and howlets that nightly cry about the ruins o' Alloway's auld haunted kirk" rose on every imagination. The gudeman rose from his chair, lighted a lantern, and commanded Thomas to follow him and left the house. The case was this—the gable of the byre had been blown down, which, as it was of his own building, was not of the most durable nature. In due time the joyful father had his first-born son laid in his arms : bis joy knew no bounds. The bicker was now sent round with increasing rapidity; and Thomas, then in his fourteenth year, was carried to his bed, to use his own words, "between the late and the early, in a gude way, for the first time."—Such was the birth-night of the poet. How long Thomas Reid remained in the service of William Burns does not appear. It is certain, however, that he was with him when Robert first went to plough, as Thomas has repeatedly told, as an instance of Burns's early addiction to reading, that he has seen him go to, and return from plough, with a book in his hand, and at meal-times " supping his parritch" with one hand and holding the book in the other. It would appear that he had, in process of time, got better acquainted with his sweetheart at Maybole Fair, for he married her. It was on this occasion that he rented the Shanter Farm, which, with the assistance of his father-in-law, he stocked and furnished. But fortune went against him : "His cattle died, and blighted was his corn and an unfortunate friend, for whom he had become secusiiy for £150, failed. Under such a load of ill, he, like many others, sought for consolatien in the "yill cups and any errend which served as a pretext to visit the town of Ayr, renewed his worship to the " inspiring, bold John Barleycornand he usually returned, like the Laird of Snotterston, "O'er a' the ills o' life victorious." But Thomas had many a domestic squabble. His wife, naturally not the sweetest temper, was doubly soured by the misfortunes of the world, and the dissipation of her helpmate; and often when Tam " Was gettin' fu' and unco happy," she sat at home, "Gathering her brows like gathering storm, Nursing her wrath to keep it warm." She, like too many in that district at that time, was very superstitious. Thomas took her by the weak side, and usually arrested her " light-horse gallop of clish ma-claver" by some specious story of ghost or hobgoblin adventures, with which he had been detained. He had now got into such a continued state of dissipation and irregularity, that he was obliged to leave the farm to the mercy of the creditors, and opened a small public-house, at the end of the old bridge on the water of Doon. It was while he was here that Tam O'Shanter made its appearance. A manuscript copy was sent to Thomas, by post, with this motto— Change the name, and the Story may be told of yourself. The celebrity of the poem brought numbers to his house, and he sold a great deal. But his spirit could not brook the brutal taunts and jeers which every day he was obliged to bear from liis customers. He left off business, and commenced labourer, ax which he continued till he got an offer of a situation as overseer of hedges, on the large estate of Castle Semple, at the time belonging to William M'Dowall, Esq., M.P. for Renfrewshire, which he accepted. With short intervals, he remained there till the day of his death. He was of such a character, that he considered no men, or class of men, his superior, and no man his inferior. ! Feeling the infirmities of old age approach Mi*. Harvey placed him at his west gate, as gate-keeper, where he fell into a lingering disease, which soon put a period to his mortal career. As he had no friends nor relations (his wife having died about two years before) Thomas had never cared for to-morrow : he was destitute of the means to support himself during his illness. The night before he died, he called for a half-mutchkin of whisky ; and (as an acquaintance of his sat by his bed-side, and who personally informed me) he, taking a glass of it in his hand, held it between him and the light, and eyed it for some time with a peculiarly exhilerated expression of countenance, i even at such a crisis;—then, while pleasure j sparkled in his eyes, he took his friend by the hand, and pressing it warmly, exclaimed, " This is the last whisky I, in all probability, will ever drink, and many and often is the times I have felt its power. Here's to thee, Jamie, and may thou never want a drap when thou art dry !" He died the next morninsr. about eight o'clock.— -J.R.S. 