COLONIAL CHAMPAGNE. (Froiii the Alhury Banner, Aug. 21.) We mentioned , about six months ago that an i X|i<'riiiic»t of considerable importance to the wiuo-gmwing interest in Australia had been commenced at the Murray Valley Vineyard, Mr. J. T. Gallon, with the view to the manu facture of champagne, having been at the pains and expense to engage and bring out from Franco M. Frere, a gentleman possessing a thorough practical acquaintance with the entire process, and who had been connected with one of the leading Trench champagne houses. Since then the experiment has advanced another stage, and the bottling of the small quantity— about 1,500 gallons—forming the subject of the present venture commenced on Thursday last. This wineia from grapes gathered in March; the varieties used being the pineau noir, aucarot, tokay, and reisling. Neither of these' is, how ever, used by itself, it having been found that a blending of ' two kinds is necessary to secure anything like an approach to the flavour and general characteristics o£ the French wines. Thus pineau noir and aucarot are blended to produce a wine to resemble the champagne of Kpernay and Chalons, while a mixture of tokay and reisling is expected to result in a product similar to hock.and other sparkling Rhine wines. The wine, having from the first been set apart for the purposes of the present ex periment, has of course undergone a special treatment, entirely diiEerent to that to which the ordinary still wines are submitted, the objcct being to secure its retention of sufficient sugar and " ferment" to produce a second fer mentation after the liquor has been bottled. Tliero is, however, iu this, as in all other tilings, a golden mean, aud . the champagne maker has to be careful not to err on either side, for if too much sugar be retained the second fermentation will be too violent, and tlio consequence an overwhelming preponderance of smashed bottles; while if too small a quantity be kept in, the wine will not sparkle, nor in any way deserve the name of champagne. The bottling of the first " brew," which we had an opportunity of witnessing on Thursday, was performed with wonderful eeierity, the well known bottles being iu the present instance pro cured at second hand, although if-the experi ment prove successful they will in future be imported. The corking was performed by a machine precisely similar to those used in France, and differing from the ordinary bottling machines in that it has to deal with a very monster in the way of wine corks. These corks are imported from France, and cost, we are informed, about £10 per 1,000. After being corked the bottles are cellared ■ for about 12 months, at the end of which time they are placed in a peculiar kind of rack, consisting simply of two flat surfaces inclined toward each at an acute angle, after the fashion of a step ladder, or a partly open book standing with the back upwards. These two surfaces are pierced with a number of holes, not, however, parallel with the floor, but inclined thereto at an angle of about iadeg.; and into these holes the necks of the bottles are inserted, so that the sediment gradually settling down from the liquor is deposited on one side o£ the neck just above the cork. At thia stage of the process a very delicate species of manipulation is bronght into play. After the second fermentation has reached a certain point—aud for the determina tion of this period there is no rule save the skilled eye of the practised operator— —each bottle has every day to be submitted to a peculiar shaking iu order to accelerate the deposit of sediment, and iu the course of this shaking (which must' be so deftly managed that none of the sediment already de posited shall be disturbed) the bottl# has to be turned round to the extent of perhaps one thirtieth part of its circumference, until by de grees, after a month of such treatment, that part of the bottle which was uppermost on the first day is again in the same position on the last day. For the proper performance of this portion of the manufacture, simple as it appears, long practice is necessary, and few attain great proficiency in the manipulation. Iu fact, so difficult is it, if. Frere informs us, that notwith standing the low wages geuetaily ruling in. France, one workmau iu a champagne house with which he was connected was able to earn £1 per day by his dexterity in this particular branch. The difliculty is not, however, all sur mounted when the " turning aud shaking" pro cess is completed. By this time the wine is bright and clear, and the whole of the sediment is collected, as on the first day of turning, on one side of the neck of the bottle, just above the cork. This has to be got rid of before the champagne is fit for the market, and now comes perhaps the most critical period of all. Taking the bottle from the rack, the workman carefully keeps it in the same position, and as carefully avoids the least shake or jar which would again stir up the sediment that has t.ikcn so long to settle, lie then rapidly cuts the wire or fasten ing, and, holding ihe bottle in one hand, with the other gently loosens the cork. But little help of this kind is required, as with a pressure of half a dozen atmospheres behind it the cork soon begins to move. Up to this time the bottle has been held with the neck pointing downwards at an angle o£ -15 degrees, but it is obvious that if this position were long maintained after the cork came out, there would be very little champagne left inside; while, on the other hand, it is equally manifest that if the neck of the bottle were raised before the cork flew forth, some of the sediment would go back into the wine, aud all the previous labor would be in vain. The difliculty is to be met in this way. By applying a fiuger to the cork, the practised operator can tell to the tenth of a second the exact moment when it will make its exit, aud he is prepared accordingly. As the cork flies out the bottle is brought to a horizontal position, and, during this infiuitesimal portion of a second, the sediment, together with a smali por tion of the wine, escapes, after which, almost more quickly than tile eye can follow the work man's movements, the bottle is standing with the neck uppermost iu the bottling machine, being rc-corkud. This done, the champagne, as a rule, is ready for market, although it occa sionally happens that a third fermentation takes place, when fresh sediment is deposited, and the corking process has to be repeated. It is hardly necessary to say that the final stages we have described have not yet been readied in Mr. Fal lon's experiment, the wine having now to repose undisturbed for about a year. So far, however, as an opinion can be formed, everything up to date promises a successful result; M. Frere being perfectly satisfied with the present flavor aud appearance of his wiues. It is of course premature to " blow" much about the affair yet, but iu view of the remarkable success which at tended the efforts of M. Frere in his brandy making experiment—when he turned out a sample pronounced by the Government analyst to be infinitely superior to the bulk of imported spirits—it is not too much to anticipate that in a branch of the business in which he is even more thoroughly at home than in distillation, he will at least be able to produce a really good marketable article. How Mark Twain was sold in Nkwark. —•" It is seldom pleisant," writes Mark Twain, " to tell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm is—but I believe it is the correct expression to use in this conncction—never having seen any balm.) You may remember that I lectured iu Newark lately for the youug gentlemen of the Clayouian Society. I did, at any rate. During the afternoon of that day I was walking with one of the young gentlemen just referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes, this young man said, ' Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more! Oh, if I could only see him weep!' I was touched; I could usver withstand distress; I said, ' Bring him to my lccture; I'll start him for you.' ' Oh, if I could but do it! Oh, if you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make hitn laugh? Can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs?' I was profoundly moved. I said, ' My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh, if there is auy laugh iu him, aud if they miss fire, I have got some otheis that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, aud blew his nose on my coat-tail, and went after his uncle. He placed him iu full view iu the second row of benches that night, aud I be gan on him. I tried him -with mild jokes, then with severe ones; I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good, ones; I fired old stale jokes into him, and pressed him fore and aft with red-hot ones; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him right and left, in front and behind; I fumed and sweated, and charged and routed, till I was hoarse and sick, and. frantic and furious, but I never moved him once—I never started a smile or tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion cf moisture ! I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last, with one despairing shriek—with one wild burst of humor, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewil dered aud exhausted. The president of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, aud said, ' What made you carry on so towards the last ?' I said I was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh, in the second row, and he said, ' Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger!' Now, was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I simply ask you, as a man aud a brother, if that was any way for him to do ?" The Sultan of Turkey, it is said, proposes sending a special embassy to Pekin, with a view to the furtherance of the interests of Mahometan subjects of the Emperor of China. . Tile Porte has addressed ft note to the Powers, informing them that in the revised treaty of comuiercc the duty 011 imported merchandise will be raised fr:>in eight to twenty per cent. Kvery book not specially sanctioned by the i'urkish censorship will be confiscated. A semi-official newspaper published at Con stantinople, announces a discovery, uniqne in its kind, which has just been made in Syria. The local administration have found that there are twenty-one large and rich villages in existence, which up to this time were unknown to the authorities, and had never paid cither tributes or taxes ! The village of Los Palacios. in the province of Seville, Spain, has just been destroyed by fire. As many as 1 -10 houses were completely burned down. The inhabitants, mostly agricul tural laborers, are in the greatest destitution. Before Sir James Hannen and a. special jury, in the Divorce Court, is being tried a suit for dissolution of marriage brought by Madame Van lleable, a teacher of languages and music, against her husband, on the ground of his adultery and cruelty, the Queen's Proctor inter vening, as collusion between the parties is sus . pected, and the petitioner herself is accused of i adultery with an oliicer of the Royal Marines. Evidence on both sides having been given, the case was adjourned till Wednesday. The authorities of the Alexandra Palaco have determined to organise a great international carrier pigeon match between Prance and Eng land and Belgium and England. A large sum of money will be distributed in the shape of prizes. Tub Midland Railway Company have now es tablished ft regular system, of " Pullman Car" trains to and iVom Loudon, Liverpool, Bradford, and other large towns on their system. The midnight train to Bradford is made up of sleep ing, drawingroom and smoking cars, for first and third-class passengers, and In its general arrangements is exceedingly eomforUblc. It is estimated that 10,000,000 acr>;s of land in Algeria are covered with a spontaneous growth of the Alpha plant. - The exportation of this fibre for paper-making has increased very rapidly during the past five or six years, in 1SG9 it amounted to 4,000 tons, in 1S70 it rose to 32,000 tons, and in 1873 to 49,000 tons, while the past year's produce was expected to reach 60,000 tons. The average price at Oran is about 140 frunes per ton. Jefferson' Datis on "Loyalty to tub Stars and Strifes."—We congratulate Jeffer son Davis upon his speech at Houston, Texas, iu which he called upon the old Confederate soldiers to give the same devotion to the stars and stripes that they had shown to the flag of the lost cause. The influence of a man like Jefferson Davis upon the people who at once followed him, if properly exercised, will be of unspeakable benefit iu the pacification of the country. We have always felt that it will be remembered to the discredit of General Lee that at the close of the war lie sank into a po licy of apathy and silence, and did nothing to reconcile the people he had commanded to the new order of things. Mr. Davis could scarcely have done this, considering his treatment by the Federal Government for a long time after the war. This made it impossible for him to do anything but content himself in prison. We can well pardon the feeling of resentment in the heart of the proud and disappointed man which has led him into many indiscretions since the war, but Jefferson Davis has won too great a place in history for him to throw it away by any foolish encouragement of the old spirit of rebellion. lie lives in the past. lie has writ ten his name with the few who will be remem bered for all time. The history of the Confe deracy, forlorn as it is, will always be a roman tic episode in the history of America. Its de feat will attract the sympathy of millions who respect valour and who mourn over misfortune. There is nothing left to Jefferson Davis and his fame but to give the remainder of his years to pacifying the people, to extinguish the embers of war, to the encouragement of patriotic affec tion, and bringing the old remnants of the Union together in a more solid and lasting em brace. We accept his speech at Houston ns an earnest of this spirit and congratulate him as well as the country upon this evidence of timely if late and reluctant patriotism.—New York Herald, 15th May. The Paris correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazelle has been informed, on good authority, that the police have remarked of late a great influx of Germans, who have spread all over the country, and who are evidently picking up information. Oue of these persons is to bo found in nearly every cafe in Paris playing at cards, billiards, or dominoes, and keeping a sharp look-out on all that passes. Frederick the Great mice said that the French king had 20 cooks and one spy, whilst he had 20 spies and one cook. 