To.Monaow is, it appears, the day fixed upon for the celebration of that curious and characteristic affair, the Daniel O'Connell Centenary; and, although we do not hear of any local response in this district to the invitation of the me. tropolitan committee, the affair seems to be worth a passing notice. The Celtic and Romanist portion of O'Connell's countrymen still cherish his memory as that of a courageous and disinterested patriot, willing to spend and be spent in order to procure for his country the groat boon known in his time as the Repeal of the Union, now more habitu. ally familiar under the appellation of Home Rule, but which most persons other than Irish demagogues and their dupes or ascomplices are inclined to look upon as equivalent to that chronic state of anarchy which for so long a period was the chief characteristic of Irish his. tory. Of O'Connell's character, as a whole, there may well be diflereut opinions. He was too rich a sample, and too characteristic a representative of his countrymenou not to find favour with them. That he desired what gra. tifled them as well as himself, and that he took a prominent part in some public measures of a beneficial tendency, need not be disputed by anyone. Those, how. ever, who are intensely popular with the uncultivated masses of a population are seldom the persons who develop any statesmanlike and comprehensive scheme for their benefit. Those who do so are not likely to be very popular, because the masses do not comprehend, and therefore are apt to suspect their pro. jests. The fault of the common people, as Lord Macaulay observes, is not that they are fickle towards their favourites, as sometimes charged; but that their choice of favourites is so unwise as to make their constancy a vice and not a virtue. With good intentions, no doubt, in some sense; with considerable abilities of the showy kind ; and with a great talent for the acquisition of popularity, O'Connell, we think, is entitled on the whole to be considered a charlatan and demagogue of the first rank. No objection need be made, we suppose, to the project mooted by his countrymen for celebrating the hundredth anniversary of his birth, or any other event in which he might have been concerned. He is naturally the man whom they delight to honour,-the man for Galway; and the sixth of An. gust may be as well oalculated for a holiday as the seventeenth of March, But the mode in which the centenary project is laid before the public, and the countenauco of those who are neither countrymen nor co.rellglonists of Daniel O'Connell invited, is richly charactoris. tio; and if no allowance is made for the peculiar mental obliquity with which the Milesian race is commonly credited,. might be regarded as an exhibition of cool impudence. It is logically an egregious bull; though in .practice, thanks to the assistance of those Pro. testants who desire individually to retain the goodwill of their "ultramontano" follow.abjetals, it is not unlikely to prove a complete success. The promo. tors of the O'Connell commemoration, after setting forth the benefits, which, as it is alleged, their hero conferred upon mankind quite irrespectively of sectarian objects, propose, with the help of the general community (divided for the most part into a number of sects utterly op. posed to their own), to commemorate those services by a memorial of a rigidly stct?rian character,-by founding i ehonlqrsahiip to wit, 1 iM Romanist ua 'ufFSt. John'A :-n othtoe words, to add one more to the numlTer of the trained agents of thatpower which is the enemy of liberty and ood government all over the world. They willdoubtless obtain the countenance of many who persist in remaining ignorant of the reasons why the Roman Church should be regarded in a diflbferent light from any 'Protestant sect; and of many others, w ho, knowing better, are yet unwilling to make themselves marks for the ill.will of their Romanist neighbours. The wordy,' plausible, and gushing Co.ndju. tor, the now Nazilezonus, is to he the orator of the 'day; and will, doubtless, do his best to show why Protestants lshould not object to coutributo towards iearmenaig the nam)ra oof the ultramon. t'ne prieAithpod, On the twenty fifth, day of July last past, this same talker of all work,' at the opening of a" school connected with his own sect, and entitled St. Benedict's, appears to have furnished his audience with an edifying sample of the manner in.which a priest of that church, whose very ossence is intolerance, can, as the osten. siblo representative of that church, " assume a virtue, if he has it not," and talk of mutual charity and common in. terests, with the avowed object of per. suading Protestants and Non.conformists -whatever this may meanu-to join with the priests of his own communion in do fence of sectarian schools. This appeal reminds one of the similar appeal made on bohab of the same church to the dis-. sentoers , ngland Buriag the insidious and illesal attempt o(f Jam the Second to establuft what he r theponceo chose to call liberty of conso ence : and Nazi. anzonus Australionsis' will assuredly meet with as much success as did James the Second. It is anomalous enough that the clergy generally of the Church of England in this colony, followed by so many of the "laity" should make common cause with the agents oT Rome in the matter of publio education. The tradition of Church establishments un. fortunately lingers among them; but has now no place amnng any other Pro. testant body i oJe cd 1 . The speech df the Ausalian Nazian. zen is, of ourse;,reportL i the Herald; and, although the report'contains, doubt. less, but a moderate portion of the tor. rent of words which the orator poured forth, and which was readily taken for eloquence by the bulk of his hearers, we may take it for granted that, us in the case of parliamentary speakers, a sufficient idea is given of what merited attention in the ecclesiastical oration. Although the Coadjutor makes no secret of the pride he takes in his own superior breeding, and even assumes the chborac. ter of what Mr Buchanan might call a master of deportment, we are afraid that, as is usual with persons who are very demonstrative on this score, the Coadjutor's refinement has more of superficiality and affectation than of any more respectable element, The earlier part of his speech at St. Beone. diet's seems to have consisted of a pro. longed, insolent, and premature crowing over what he affected to regard as the failure of the Educational League; while he assumed the merit of having left it unopposed in order that it might die out of itself. It is not difficult to dis cover a more cogent reason than this. Any prominent appearance of the Ro. manist clergy in the discussion on public education must have been expected to lead to a more, particular consideration of whatt?. -techto b ;'\ a cdtho complete exhibitio' or gon gom ral discussion, of thlt-ma-ter c6bld not have failed to draw a larger proportiob of the Protes tant majority into hostility to them. There is no ground whatever to suppose that any other ecclesiastical denomina. tion teaches political doctrines in the least degree objectionable: but there is no doubt that the political tendency of the ultramontane creed is to limit the loyalty of the citizen towards thb laws and institutions of his country, by what. over demands the head of the ultramon. tane church may choose to make upon him in the domain of faith and morals, that is, in the whole conduct of human affairs, We are willing to remit faith for the present to the domain of theo. logy : but it requires little ingenuity to discover the close connexion between morals and politic. s, Mr. Gladstone, ao. coltodIgly.,n hb @ recent pamphlets on the4ondenc of the V'itrap system, re. 1.g 10ith a just scbrn :?o recognise the pretended limit'ation;,of '4he.-Papal pro. tensions to exeroise a\dictatorial power over every,-or,.as Dr.?Nowman prefers to say, over any-- action, of any indivi dual, which may exert the smallest mo ral influence. That suoh are really the pretensions of Vaticanism is charged and proved by Mr. Gladstone, and admitted in a cloud of casuistical circumlooution by Dr. Newman; while " Cardinal" Manning, in addresses and compositions intended for his own people, virtually asserts the same thing even with voho. mnnce, only to shuffle into some sophis. tical modification of his doctrines when engaged in controversy with Protestants, or whenoa the too palpable meaning of his words is adopted by Protestant lips. Such pretensions might be set up, as pretensions to special religious illumian tion are actually often set up by any number of obscure soots, and might be treated with indifference or ridicule, But the ultramontane church is a vast polilti. eal organisation noting tlhra'ghout tihe oivilised world, like the old Roman om. piro, of which it has boon canllod the ghost, ibrogh its proconsuls, its legates, its disciplined ad ohbodient legions, not of hastatea and trinrians, who might have separate interests of their own, but of prisets cunningly detached from any interest but that of the hiblerarchy to which they belong, and of the oeolosinas. tioal despot in whoso power and influ. once their own are exalted. The plea of ohurity in such mouths as that of the Co.adjutor is about as re. apectable as the plea of Britishl liberty. "All things to all mon" for the purposes of the bchurch. It is no secret that tihe ldotrino of liborty of consioence is in the Vatioaumnyslean a deudly heresy I or tlhat according, toi the sameo system theoro is no salvattlonatseido the " Cathollo" Church. The holdors of suach doctrines as those rmay clhmaoitably wisb, as Dr, Vtughtn often professes to do, that lthose who are not "Catholics" may becomoso, But to talk of charity towards thie mansses of horotics, who, as he very well known, will never become auything but the aans Ihomatlscd outcasts' they now are, can saenrocely be regarded as anything else than a pieooo of wrotched affeotation. DumlNmi thle last days of July, a shlort hill was inttroduced into thie Aosomily by lMajor Shepherd, of thq Sydney volhntcurs, for tht ipurpose of renmovlmg doubts wildoh htd buclt brought into existncea as to the title of Vo)lntscor now In th9 iorce to reoolvo hn4 orders, such as had already been issued to I some hundreds of their comrades under the Volunteer Act of 1807. The principal nmombers of the existing ministry were from the first opposed to the granting of land orders ; and their antipathy to this mode of rewarding services must have been strong and unscrupulous, since, under the pretext a frivolous one in this instanco-of an opinion of the Attorney-General, they seem to have been willing, not perhaps to deprive the volunteers of their expected reward al together, but to convert it into something less valuable, and to make them wait an indefinite length of time before learnisig even what this something was to be. To defer iany particular question to the next session of Parliunment, is, as things go in these days, not the most hopeful way of getting it settled; and as this was the pro posal of the Government regarding the volunteer question, Major Shepherd is on titled to the thanks of the force, and indeed of all who value the character of the co lony for good faith, on the score of his having introduced his bill for settling the natter off-hand. The phraseology of the Act of 1807 admitted, of course, of that construction, hostilo to the claims of volun teers, which Mr. Dalley put upon it, and which ministers, apparently, were prepared to take as the ground of their action. But however it might stand as a technical point of law, the absurdity involved in that view as a political matter was so great, that it was far easier for any reasonable manl to admit the hypothesis of one of those speci nons of slovenly draughting, with which the colony is so familiar. Ina opposition, however, to the opinion of the Attorney General, Mr. R. Forster was sure that the intention of the Act was to give land orders to volunteers for every five years' service. There is, at any rate, good reason to hope that those volunteers who have been kept in doubt as to whether they would receive the grant for their first five years' service will bo placed attheirease on thisscoro. This ' comprehensive" measure, in which the Government propose to deal with the mili tary affairs of the colony next session, will be waited for, we suppose, with a moderate amount of expectation as to the statesman ship it is likely to exhibit. We agree with MIr. Robertson and the many other monm bhers of the House who think the volunteer organisation neither is nor can be a reliable machinery for the defence of the colony, though it has answered the purpose of fa miliarising our population in some degree with the idea of military service, and of the necessity for some such machineory. The apathy writh which the question of military defence seems to be regarded by our politi ciians, is, we thinkl, in a high dgreeo discre ditable to them, though it may, doubtless, be accounted for by various reasons,--ind amongst others by the dread which any minority fools of dealing with a difilcult question, when they have to face not only the inherent difficulties of it, but the un scrupulous opposition and intrigues of ad versaries who generally seiem to be ready to sacrifice all considerations alike of decency and patriotism to the more spirit of factious hostility. 