ODDS AND ENDS; Made in vein— gold. An artist's work is easeWy done, i A clear case— an empty dry-goods box. When- is a mother a father ? .When she's a sigher. : A man sticks at nothing when he tries to stab a ghost. , \ Chairs should not- be covered with silk, but with sat- in. ' When is a wife like a greatcoat?— When her husband is wrapped up in her. Dr. John Hall says thafc.in England people aro divided into churchmen and dissenters, but that in. America they might properly be divided into churchmen and absenters. A widow, being cautioned by. her. minister about flirting, said that she knew it was wrong for maidens and wives to flirt, but the Biblo was her authority. It said, " Widow's mite." She was flirting awfully at the last accounts ; her pastor acknowledged that " widow's might." A Missoubian who attended prayer-meeting with his daughter felt compelled to rise up and remark: "I want to be good and go to heaven, but if those fellers don't stop winking at Mary, there will .be a good deal or prancing around here the fust thing they know. A gentleman, whose house was repairing, went one day to see how the job was getting on, and observing a quantity of nails tying about; said to the carpenter : " Why. don't you take care of these nails — they'll certainly be lost." "No," replied tho carpenter,. "you'll find them in the As a Louisville girl was taking leave of agen- tleman at her father's house one evening recently, she said to. him : " If you ever hear that I am in \- the habit of allowing my male acquaintances to kiss me good-bye you mustn't believe it, as I seldom allow such liberties." The close of that interview may be imagined, ' One morning, a five-year-old boy in Portland, while in bed, asked his mother if God could stand on the air. The mother replied that he could, and while reflecting upon the maturity of tho boy, and that the thoughts of God' and Heaven were absorbing his mind, her feelings can be better imagined than described when her son remarked that God could do more than a circus man. A gentleman in. a Western, city, silting in a pew with- a lady with whom he had formerly been on terms of intimate acquaintance, hahdc<$ her a Bible with a pin stuck through the follow ing verse : "And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that wo love one another." After reading it Bho stuck the pin through the followingVerso, and handed tho book back to him : "Having many things to write unto you, I would nut write with paper and ink ; but I trust to.como unto you, aud speak face to face, that- our ioy may bo full." : A New Hampshire newspaper tells- about: if little 3ix-year-olu girl in a country town in that State who went into a store: where her father was lounging, tho other day, and slyly, approach ing him, said: "Papa, won't you buy me- a new dress?" . "What, buy you a new dress, Susie ? " " Yes, papa, won't you? " " Well, I'll see. I'll speak to your mother about it.", Elongation to an alarming extent spread over tho Tittle face, but a thought suddenly struck her, and with a smile she lookod up into her father's face and said, " Well, papa, if you do speak to mamma about it, touch her easy; or she may want the new dress herself!" Tho father at onco saw the point, and the now. dress was purchased without consultation. How Mr. Lincoln Forgave Him.— An oditU of a weekly paper, published in a littlo villaga in Missouri, called at the Whito Hquse, and was admitted to Mr. Lincoln's presenco. He toldhlr.' Lincoln that he was the man who first mentioned his name, for tho Presidency, and pulling from his pocket an old, worn, defaced copy of hia papor, exhibited an item on tho subject. ""Do you really think," said Mr. Lincoln,. " that an nounccmcnt was the occasion of my nomination T "Certainly," said tho editor, "tho suggestion was so opportuno that it was at once taken up, by the other papers, and the result was your nomina' tion and. election." " Ah ! well," said- Mr.' Lincoln with a sigh, and assuming a rather gloomy countenance, " I am glad to see you aniL know this, but you will have to excuse mo ; I am just going, to the War department to see Mr.' Stanton." " Well," said the editor, " I will walk over with yen." Tho President, with that apt good-nature'so characteristic of him, took up his nat and said, "Come along," When. they; reached the door of the Secretary's office, Mr.' Lincoln turned to his companion and said, " I shall have to see Mr, Stanton alone, anay»tf must excuse mc," and taking him by tho hand! he continued, " Good-bye ; Iliope you will, fetl perfectly easy about having nominated'raa ;; don't Be troubled about it ; I forgivo you,"— TPfljAing ton Chronicle. " ' John Stuart Mill's Mother.— All the readers of John Stuart Mill's "Autobiography" must have noticed his failure to make any, mention whatever of his mother. This is the mora remarkable, in a work which brings tho wife o£ the author so prominently into notice, and many inquiries about his mother's family and hoc , character have iboon made without eliciting an . answer. In view, of this, the following extract from tho letter of an English correspondent- of Lippincott's Magazine will possess considerable- interest: "The wife of James Mill, and mother of John Mill, was a Miss Burrows, daughter of a Dr.' Burrows, who superiutended an asylum, for the insane at Islington. She died in London) about twenty years ago, having outlived her husband not quite that period. . Her children woro njnein number, of whom four, daughters are still' living — two in England and two in Franco. She was not what would bo reckoned a conspicuously; intelli gent woman; and yet sho by no means, deserved the heartless slight which was put on her memory by her son. Indeed, such a slight cohliLhAva its justification in little short of utter worth lessnefs ; and Mrs. James Mill was,-. not; only esteemed, but beloved, by a large circle offriends-' On the appearance of the Autobiography bur daughters were, naturally enough, not a. little indignant at finding their mother as much ignored in it as- if she had never existed, and. i wefo inclined, at first, to supplement publiclyrtheir brother's account of himself by certain. disclosures not exactly of a character to exalt him -in- the1 es tiraation of tho world. Suffice it to say. here that for many years before his doath ho had. been estranged from his family ; and this estrangement was attributed, by those who had tho best appor tunities of judging, to the sinister influenceofhia wife. This is all that I am disposed to communi cate at present, but I should not be at all sur prised if we were to know, by-and- bye, much'- more of the private life of John Mill than we as yet know." ' , He Wanted a Cradle, Not a Cqffin.— He came into the office of a West End. undertaker yesterday, with a look of great care on his honest face. His: eyes were heavy anil slightly blood shot, telling of nightly vigils and loss-of sleep. His" hair was unkempt and shaggy. The soft . hearted man of coffins looked upon his visage with a gaze full of pity and thankfulness — pity for the customer's loss, and thankfulness for hia patronage. Ho was so young to be burdened with the loss' of a dear one by deatb. The manufacturer of burial- cases nodded a silent assent and condoling recognition ; then the young man from the country saw, " How d'ye ?" Then ensued a painful silence, broken at length by> the man of grave business. " Can I do anything for jou-to-rtay, sir ?" "Wall Ireckin' so, stranger.' Another silence. Onco more the undertaker began by suggesting. " Your sister ?" Yb'nng man Btareda moment, then, as a light gradually broke upon- his perplexed mind, he smiled a smile more suggestive of sorrow than happiness, and" replied. " No — my wife," " Snaden 7' "No— expected su'thun of tho kind for several months." " When did it happen 2" "Bout 4 o'clock this morning," "Looks natural;?" " Rather." (Spoken carefully, and expressive1 of some doubt.) "About what do you want the cost of it to he?" "Don't care for expense ; get it up kinder nice. I'll treat her handsome, cause she is the first ono I.evor had." " Very well, my friend ; you'll have it lined with white satin, I suppose ?." " Jest as you say, stranger." " Silver-headed screws, too, I suppose 2" " Y-a-a- Sj I s'pose so. An', stranger, jest put a bully top toft. " Of course ; and you'll want a glass in it, also, I suppose ?" " Y-a-a-s— oh, ccr tainly — you bet. Get her up sniptiotis, you' know old fellow. None of your dratted, one-hoss' fixins forme. No.. siriee." "Just so. Silver handles, of course?" "Eh? What's that you say, stran ger — sil-ver hau-dles ? Oh dura it, now, won't thet berpiiin it on too hefty like? I kin stand silver screws and sich, but thero's no use makin' the hull tarnation trap of silvor. The thing has to be moved, and must have handles, but I ain't so quite stuck up as tbet now — not quite, stran ger." " Very well," acquiesced the man of obse quies, "I'll put ordinary handles to it,, then?" " Eggs-actly— them's 'em, mister; now jer talkin'. Or'nary handles '11 do. But, I- say stranger (reflectively), make the wheels glisten like thunder;" " Wh— ivh— wh— eels ?" " Yes, wheels. What's the matter with you,. anyhow?" " But, who ever heard of wheels to a, coffin,?" " Coffin ?" shrieked the dejected-looking young man. " Coffin ! Now; who the dickens said anything about coffins ?" " Why, don't you want a coffin ?" "No-o ! I want a cradle— a trap to rock my new baby in." "And isn't, your wife dead?" "Not by a jugful. Don't you make cradles for sale ?" " No, my friend, I am aninn dertaker." " Undertaker of what?" "L make coffins." "Oh, Lord, let me ketch the> feller that sent me hero 1" And the grief-stricken? youth crammed, his h&t; over his eyes, ran. hia hands deep down in the pockets of his trousers, and pounced eat on the- struts sear?hii>$ f ex vcDgcancea / ' 