aije Bulletin; «ITH WHICH 18 JNOOKPORATKO THE GLADSTONE OBSERVER. FRIDA Y, DECEMBER 3, 1875. SOM P. new reefs on the Cloncurry present a novel feature to the Australian minen* in being enclosed by walls of copper orpj fthMBMpen HENRY, in his last tef^m, to^MpftN ISTER FOR MINES from "flfct gold-field, says that hitherto only one reef in that district, the Homeward Bound, had been opened, in which gold was found in conjunction with copper ; but he has now laid off three others, of which the hanging walls are very rich copper ore, and all of these reefs give ' excellent prospects of both fine and coarse gold. These reefs all seem to run out from a small slate hill. One of them, the King John, is well defined, is 18 inches thick, and consists of rich copper ore and white quartz-thc latter showing coarse gold. Another, the Friend in Need, also well defined, and about thc same thickness, consists of copper ore, white quartz, and black iron cement-the copper ore predominating, and the quartz and cement both showing good prospects of gold. A third consists of rich grey copper ore and white quartz, with a vein of red clay and loose iron cement along the foot wall. We believe we are correct in saying that nothing of this kind has been dis- covered before in this country. In the Alliance Reef, at Morinish, thc quartz contained more or less of copper and silver, in combination or association with gold. In the early workings of that reef the admixture of inferior metals was small, and the stone gave a steady yield of close upon an ounce of gold to the ton. As the workings proceeded, how- ever, the copper and silver showed in proportionately large quantities, the gold diminishing in about the same ratio as to its value, for thc gross return on amalgam after being operated upon at the Mint in Sydney was pretty much the same throughout. But at last the difficulty of separating the metals beramc so great, that the Mint authorities declined to treat thc Company's amalgam, and efforts were made to get it done in langland, but for some reason without success, and thc Company, after a long career, throughout which the yields from their mine were amply sufficient to have secured a highly remunerative return had practical ex- perience not been wanting in the management, were compelled to suspend operations, and no means offering of profitably employing their valuable plant, it was ruinously sacrificed, a heavy loss eventually resulting to thc share- holders. In thc majority of the Cowarral reefs also, thc admixture of other minerals with the gold has seriously militated against thc profits of thc owners, and thc experience of this district in gold-refining is not of a nature lo encourage very sanguine hopes of the copper-gold reefs of the Cloncurry, notwithstanding their walls of very rich copper ore, and quarlz and iron cement showing excellent pros- pects of both fine and coarse gold. There is better hope of a reef that makes a show of gold without inferior metals or sulphides, or of a simple lode containing no metal besides copper, than of these metallic veins which are neither one thing nor the other. They will pro- bably have to wait at least until better , appliances for separating the metals they contain have been brought to thc aid of ' the miner. j Whilst on this subject of mining wemay ' refer to a movement at Ravenswood, to induce the Government lo offer a reward j for the opening of a reef on that gold- field proved to bc payable at a depth not yet definitely decided. Mr. MACROSSAN has figured prominently in this movement, and wc may therefore assume that some practicable plan will be submitted to the Government, and we shall not entirely condemn the idea until we knowdistinctly whatis proposed to be done. Rewards for payable deep reefs have recently been offered in Victoria, but they apply to the whole of that colony, and stipu- late for a depth beyond the point at which Victorian reefs have hitherto proved remunerative. The owners ot the Magdala, it is said, intend to apply for this reward, having, as they allege, fulfilled tile requisite conditions. But thc miners at Ravenswood want a reward dependant upon conditions specially adapted to meet the peculiarities of their own field ; and we (ail to see how the Government can accede to their wishes in this particular. A reward for the de- velopment of deep payable reefs must apply to the entire colony, and its con- ditions must be such as to benefit the general community by stimulating in a legitimate manner the production of our gold-fields. It would appear that this is not what is wanted at Ravenswood. The reefs on that field generally diminish in payableness as they increase in depth, not so much from a failing yield of gold, as from the diffi- culty of extracting it from the mundic, and dissociating it from other minerals with which it is found in combination. The mundic reefs at Charters Towers present no such difficulty, and are highly remunerative. What the Ravenswood miners most require is an improved method of treating their stone. The ordinary crushing machine fails to extract the gold in payable quantities, although the gold is actually there. It is not an uncommon thing in this colony for reefs to be abandoned as unremunerative on reaching the water level, in conse- quence of their becoming pyritous. Whatjs wanted, therefore, in order to givoHbrfthy stimulus to deep reefing is, improwl means of treating pyritous and other quartz which refuses to yield up its gold to the ordinary methods in operation. A reward having this object in view would be more likely to benefit the country than if put forward in the shape suggested at Ravenswood. It would further have the merit of general application to the gold-fields of the colony. The copper-gold reef at Clon- curry, and reefs in other places which cannot be worked because of their pyritous nature or the sulphides they contain, would not improbably be thus made a source of lasting wealth to the colony. MR. KING has been proving himself a ¡friend of the people in the Wide Bay I^*Whct in a manner at least peculiar. A Jew weeks ago -64,000 acres of land were thrown open to selection on Widgee run, and it was loudly proclaimed that the applications were fully three deep. Such proof of " earth-hunger " among intending settlers was just what all Liberal politicians had expected. Hut when the results of the lottery beatme known, the rather curious spectacle was presented of Mr. KING, the Great Liberal Leader of the future, in the character of a hungry land shark. He had drawn the pleasant mouthful of 9000 acres of land, and that in proximity to the Mary- borough and Gympie railway line. The senior journal at Maryborough drew attention lo thc circumstance, and accused Mr. Ki NC of being one in a " ring " bent upon monopolising thc land and depriving the poor man of his chance. At this the ministerial organs at Maryborough and Gympie became very wroth, declaring that Mr. KINO had only exercised his undoubted right as a colonist in applying for the land, and had won it through exceptional good luck. It seems to be admitted, however, that the Messrs. Ixmi) (one of whom is the member for Gympie) were associated with Mr. KING in making thc applica- tions, and that the aggregate quantity of land intended to be snatched up by the trio was 24,000 acres. They won only half that quantity, and were, we pre- sume, therewith obliged to be content. Now, the right of Messrs. KING and LORD to apply for 24,000 acres of land is not disputed. The only question is whether politicians of their profession were justified in exercising that right. Last year the Liberal Ministry decided that 1280 acres was as much as any one selector ought to be permitted to hold, and although afterwards the Government Land Hill provided a maximum of 3840 acres in certain specially proclaimed districts, Minis- ters only waived thc point to conciliate their opponents and secure thc passing of the bill. Mr. KINO was not then in 1'arlianient, it is true, but Mr. LOUD supported the Ministerial bill ; and since his return to political life, thc burden of Mr. KING'S song has been of the crimes of the monopolising squatters. He was therefore the very last man in the com- munity who should have been suspected of taking the fullest possible advantage of a Land Act pronounced by his party a swindle, and an Act which they went into power to amend. It is curious also that at thc very lime when thc MINISTER KOR WORKS was threatening the destnic tion of thc squatting interest, he was about to engage in a legal gambling transaction to monopolise a large area of the people's land. Such Iran actions illustrate the consistency of Liberal politicians, at any rate. Mr. STEPHENS admittedly set the present MiNisTKR i ou. WORKS a bad example in this matter, when, just before bringing in his l>and Hill with a maximum of 1280 acres, he made a selection of 7000 acres on his own private account. But this is quite characteristic of thc spurious Liberalism of Queensland politicians. In Parliament the maximum is contended for at 1280 acres, but in private life thc area claimed is 9000 acres, or as much more as thc law will allow a hungry politician to grasp. This abominable lottery system of selection is demoralising the community. Instead of giving the 601m fie settler a chance, it raises up against him a host of speculative competitors. If there be a desirable area offered for selection, a ring is at once formed by virtue of which five, ten, twenty, or «ven fifty applications tire put in for the same j piece. Thevonâ fide man then becomes one of six, eleven, twenty-one, or fifty- one, as the case may be, and he has scarcely the " ghost of a chance." He is then thrown back upon the inferior lands, for which the shark does not care. The choice areas are won in most cases ,by -speculators, of whom, we fear, the MINISTER FOR WORKS has now become one. Capital is needed to fulfil the conditions, and that the public had too good reason to know Mr. KING could not command a few months ago. The emoluments of office arc scarcely such as to make a Minister a small capitalist in the course of a single year. 