A STRING, OF iGHOST STORIES. BYJAL S GRA.NT, AtGDOR OF "T-iC IROMANCn OF (Frou, t, L;egrrcin Annual.") A bel?itfin tine 4osbt o viigor stin:..,sit;on is as ach e?po :- :.,l.. now as Lie oprolnosad anuced v o : .'? "i"', ?a' "' LDe.noui ge." Yoet ih lea 'e,, . u ,n u?. l:ed that soac ih li.?s might be, Linlhe ,' P rsc.al. Our P.ati. l1. ,no. Dr. Johnston, ad vu ee don acy, bei- eved in toe en isLen?t ? ai.la niediulms with tie unseeOn noa d. 'SMy sero.'ios ib!F'r -c. no:. fo tohi,'w ate othe ]a.ter: lhat n' I., ane. na"al jeint1 )ehJio a -e sometimes coeu mun icateu to us noc w ino pio"-oses, and that dea)arted spilits 5ao so nCe. nes 0 :f nle to i m:'est Item solves.' And li-ct Pope not ante ciied some dmli!tu idea, he hadl not written : * 'Tis true, 'tis c !,ain, man, tihough dený, .rc'ains Part of himself; the immoatal mind remnain : Thleforun subsists without the bod's aid, Aerial seoblance and an empty shade.' Upon the t:uth or ialsoeoed, the thieorins or rather hypotheses, of such alleged aponaranoes, we mean not to dwell; but merely to relate a few little anecdotes coeocted with them, and dcawn-save in Lord Brougham's instance-from sources remote and scarce. In the memoi-s of the celehlsaced Agrippa d'Aubigne, g'andfatlher of Madame de 3faintenon, the wife of Louis XIV., a man famous for his zeal in Calvinism and disbelief in tihe sp: itual world, and one whose integrily was deemed alike rigid and inflexible, we read the following of a spectre like that of a n'uasery tale : 'I was,' he wrote, 'in my bed, and entirely awake, when I heard some one enter my apart ment; and perceived at-my bedside a woman, re markably pale, whosoe eothes rustled agaiest my curtains as she passed. Withdanwing the latter, she stooped towards me, and giving me a kiss that was as cold as ice, vanished in a moment!' D'Aubigne started from beJ, and was also imme diately after informed of the sudden death of his mother, to whom he was tenanely attached. SI aletter of Phillip, second Earl of Chester'litld, we find a curious story ot a double apparition occurring at the same moment, and which though it somewhat illustrates Eanemosoers' theory of polarity, is beyond the pale of modern philosophy. In the gray dayhlght of an early morning -in 1652, the Earl saw a figure in white, 'like a stand ing sheet.' appear within ayard of his bedside. He attempted to grasp it but, eluding him, the figure sped towardsthe foot of the bed and melted away. Heo felt a strange anxiety but his thoughts imme diately turned to the Countess (Lady Anne Percy), who was then at Networth with her father, the Earl of Northumberland, and thither he imme diately repaired. On his arrival a footman met him on the staircase, with a packet directed to him from his lady ; whom he foun, with her sister, the Counitss of Essex, and a Mrs Iamsay. He was asked why he had come so suddenly: He told his motive, his alarm and anxiety ; and on perusing the letter in the sealed packet he found that the. Countess had written to him requesting his return, ' as she had soon a thing in white, with a black face, by her bedside.' These apparitions were iden tically the same in appearance, and were seen by the Earl and Countess at the sause snoament, thougih they weod in two places forty miles apart. No catastrophe followed. The Earl, however, survived his lady, and lived till the year 1713. In the St. Jsnaes's Cisronicle for 1762 we find a strange story of an apparition being the means of revealing a murder, and bringing the guilty parties to the fatal tree at Tyburn. The narrative was said to have,been found amonrg tlhe legal papers of a counsellor of the middle Temple, then recently deceased. ' 'In the year 1668 a young gentleman of the West Country, named Stobbine, came to London, and soon after, as ill luck would have it, lihe wedded a wife of Wapping, the youngest daughter of a Mrs -Alcoald; and in the space of fifteenmonths the pro vidence of God sent them a daughter, which (sic) was left under; the care of the grandmother, the husband and his swife retiring to their house in the country.' \-- In-1676, when the daeghter was six years old-, Mrs Alceald died, and the child was sent home, and remaine'd there till 1679, hhoin n Mrs Myltstre, her mitoinhl aunit 'having greatly increased herineans, forsook the canaille and low habitations of Wapping, came into a polite part oi the town, took a house among people of quality, and set up for a woman of fashion,' and thither did she invite the Stobbines and their daughter to' spend the winter with her. Among her visitors were her husband's brother, who had the title'dorrank of captain, and who seems to have been.-a-bully-and-gamester-a "blood," in a flowing wig and laced coat-and there was another relation; who practised as an apothecary. SAll these five persons dined together bn the birth day of the little girl Stobbine, . when a terrible cattatrophednisiied. In a spirit of play, it was pre sumed, she took up a sword that was in the room, and pointing 'it atMr Stobbine, cried, ' Stick hiii, stick-him I' 'What !' said le,' would you stab your father P' 'You are not my father; but Captain Mylstro Her father, upon this, boxed her ears,-and was instantly -run through the body by the captain. 'Down he dropped,'.we are told, and then his wife, her sister, the captain, and the apothecary, all trampled upod him till he was quite dead, and interring him-secretly, gave out that hd had re turned to the West Couitry. Time passed on, and though inquirieswcero madeo, and messengers sent after the missing Stobbine, he was heard of no more a time; -His daughter was sent to a distant school. and her mother ' who pretended to go distracted, was sent to a' village a few miles out of town, where. the captain had' a pretty little box -for his coh. venience.', A memory of tine terrible scene she had witnessed haunted the daughter, she had nightly horrible dreams and frights to the terror of a young lady who slept with ieer; and she always alleged that a spectre haunted her,- ai spectre visible to her only, alnd on' these occasions:sho would exclaim, with every manifestation of horror, 'There is a spirit in the room! It is Mr Stob bine's spirit.-. 0, how. terrible itlooks !' . Taese appearances and her paroxysm led to an iqquiry before a justico of the peace ;and without any warni? boing'given, the whole of the guilty parties .were. apprehended and committed to the Gateo-house, tried at the Old Bailey, 'and con deomned to the ehtire'satisfactioi of the county, thle court, and all present.' After this, Stobbino's troubled spirit appeared no more. Mrs Mylstro was hanged, and her body was-thrown into the gully-hole near her old house in. Wapping; MIrs. Stobbine was strangled and burned. The'eapdtai 'and apothecarywsere hanged at Tyburn; and tielolatter was aonatomised; and so ended this trsgedhyt. , Anotliher remairkable'dotedtion of murder through the alleged appearance of a ghost, ocrured in 1724. A furnier, roeturning homeward from. Southamn ,inarket in tarwichkshire, disappeared by the way. Nort day' man piesonted himsslfat tihe farm house.- and askhd of telie wife if her husband had come back. 'No,' she replied, and I:am under the utmost anxiety and'terror.' ' S' Your terror,' said he, 'icannot surpass mine ; for last tight as I lay in, bed quite awake, the ap pardtion of your poorhusband appeared to me. He showed me eveeral ghastly stabs in his body, which isnow lying insa marlpit. " : Thb pit was searehed1 the corpse was found, and the stabs, in ieuneiior and position, answered in every way to tihe description given by the ghost seer, to whom the spect;io hbid: named a.certain man as the culprit ;?nd this pereon was committed to prisoei aud:bridght' to trial at Warwick for the crimo, before a jury an'dothe Lord Chief-justice Sir Robert (afterwards Lord) Rymond, who was sue ceeded in lS33 by Sir Phillip Yorke. Tine jury wsuld sp-·li'v have broght'ina verdict of guilty; but he chen ed thdm" by enaying, ... ' Gentlemen, you lay more stress on the alloga tions of thisdapparition' than they will bear. I unnot give credit to these kind of stories. We are eow in acour ttof law, and must determino accord lhg to it ?-and I know not of any law which will edmit of the -testimony of an apparition; nor yet if it eli, -ddth the ghost appear to give oievidenco. Crier,' headded,'. call the ghost.' The f£ainderi spirit. being thrice sammoned in vain, 8ir Roert agan addressed the jury on tins hdtherto unblmished character oLt?'dnmon accused, and stoutly asserted a bolicf'-i. his- periectin-,m nocenco; adding, 'I do strongly suspect that the gentleman who saw the apparition was himself the miurderer, and knev ai :labout the sL?bs and the mharl-pitwithbout any sulprnatural assistance : nonce. I deemn'mvself justilied in committing him to close o ' custody till ftrtlherinquiiles aro m?ude.' TIhe rcsit of these was, that on seeni'ing his house sufficicnt p odfs of his guilt were found ; he coneassed: his c!ite, and. was executed at the necxt In t lie ]s' bf offices' of the 33rd :regiment, when serving iti America, and they called the 1st West York, will be found the names of Captain (after wards Sir John Coapo) Sherbrooke, and Lieutenant George Wynward. The former had recently joined the 33rd from the 4th, or Eing,s Own Reg;ment. These young men, being similar in tastes and very attached friends, spent much of their time in each other's society, and when off duty were seldom apa.t. One evening Shcrbroke was in Wynward's quarters. The room in which they were seated had two doo's, . one that led into the common passage of the officers' barrack, the other into Wynward's bedroom from which there was no other mode of egress. Both oflicers were engaged in study, till Sher broko,'on raising his eyes from a book, suddenly saw a young man about twenty years of ago open the entrance door and advance into the room. The lad looked pale, ghastly, and thin, as if in thle last stage of o mortal malady. Startled and alarmed, Captain Sherbrooke called Wynward's attention to their noiseless visitor; and the moment the lieu tenant saw him he became ashy white and incapable. of speech, and ere he could recover, the figure passed them both and entered the bedroom. ' Good God my poor brother ;' exclaimed Wyn ward. "Your brother!' repeated Sherbrooke in great perplexity, ' There must be some mistake in all this. Follow me.' They entered the little bedroom-it was tenant less ; and She:brooke's was certainly not soothed by Wynward expressing his conviction that from" the first hoe believed they had aeen a spectre; and they mutually took a note of the day and hour at which this inexplicable affair occurred. Wynward- at times tieod to persuade himself that tlihy might have been duped by the practical joke of some brother officer; yet his mind was evidently. so harrassed by it, that when lie related what had occurred, all had the good taste to withold com ments, and to await with interest the then slow arrival of the English mails.. When the latter came, there were missives for every .officer in. the regiment except Wynward, whose hopes bganii to rise ; but there was one solitary letter for Sholier-. brooke, which he had no sooner read than he changed colour and left the mess table. Ere long he returned and said, ' Wynward's younger brother is no more!' The whole contents of his note were as follows: ' Dear , John, break to your friend Wynward the death of his favourite brother.' He had died at the very moment the apparition had appeared inn that remoto Canad.sa barrack. Strange though the story, the veracity of the wit nesses was unimpeachablo ; and ArchdeaconWrang ham alludes to it in his edition of Plutarch, who, like Pliny the younger, believed in spectres. Of. Wylnward, we only know that he 'was out of the regimenont soon after his brother's death, and of' Sherbrooke, that lie lived to see the three days of Waterloo, became Colonel of the 83d, Commander of the Forces in North America, and died a General and G.C.B. ' 