Lucius Davoren. fBT THB AUTH 'HENBY DUNBAB.'] **He is living, and in this place!' said Jajiet, with a sigh for the man she had once loved. , . , . ?' 'He is dying, Janet. If you want mm to acknowledge any wrong done to yon, it is a fitting time to obtain such a.coniesBum. ' 1 will not torture him- with' queBtjoi's. I am sorry fcr his mistaken life. .Tate me to him, Lncias.* ' And Lucille, Bhe tnnst come with yon.' 'What need bag Lucille to be there ?' 'Greater n-»cd than you could snppoBC. Lucille's pretended father and your husband are one and the same person. ^ Come, both o£ yon. There is no time to lose.' He led the way to the accident ward, and to ? the qniet corner where Ferdinand's bed Btood, shaded, and in a manner divided, from the rest of the room by a canvas screen. His was the worst case in that abode of pain. Lucille drew near the bed, and at a sign from Lucius seated herself quietly in the chair by the dying man's pillo w, Lucius stopped Janet with a warning gesture, as she was advancing towards the screen. 'Not yet,' he whispered; 'hear all, but Am'tlethimseeyou.' Janet obeyed, and remained hidden by tae screen. Ferdinand Sirewright's eyes wand* «red to the gentle face, bent tearfully over hi3 pillow. ' Lucille,' he gasped, ' I thought you had abandoned me.' ?' Not in the hour of yonr remorse, father,' she Baid; '? my heart tella me you are sorry for yonr sins ; for that last worst sin of all 1 know you must be sorry. It is not in nature that you should be remorseless.' ' There are anomalies in nature,' answered Sivewright. ' 1 believe 1 was born, without a conscience, or wore it out, before ten years old. After all 1 have only sinned a-»ainet my fellow man when i was 1 was des* cerate; it has been my ultimate expedient. 1 have not injured anybody upon fancifu erounds, for revenge or jealously, or any of those incendiary passions which have urged some men to cestroy their kind. 1 have obeyed the stern law of necessity.' ?' Father, repent ; life is ebbing. Have you no words but those of mockery ?'' She toot his death cold hands, trying to fold them in prayer. He looked at her, and the cynic's smile f iided. There was even some touch of tenderness in bis look. ' Do you think the God against whom I have shut my mind is very likely to take pity upon me now, at aiy last gasp, when further sin is impossible P' ? ? ?? There is no state too desperate fur the hope of his mercy, Christ died for sinners. The penitent thief had briefest time for re pentance, none for atonement.' . ' 1 wonder whether he had been, doing evil all his life; had never done a ajood action, never truly1 served a friend,' murmured Sive wright in a musing tone. ' We only know that he had sinned and was forgiven.' '' 'Ah, that's a slight ground for belief iu illimitable mercy. Can you forgive me, Lucille— you. whom 1 wronged and deluded; whom 1 cheated of a birthright ??' ' L do not know what wrong you have done me ; but whatever that wrong may be, Heaven knows how freely I forgive it. 1 loved you dearly once.' ' Ay, once. Poor parasite, why should you love me, except that it was your nature to twine yonr tendrils about something ? And 1 loved you, little one, as much as it was in my nature to love anything. Whatever love 1 had 1 divided it between you and the fiddle I used to play to you in that dusky old parlour, when we two sat alone by the fire.' ' Father, by the memory of that time, when I knew not what sin was— when I thought you were as good and true, as you were kind— tell me that you repent your sins, that yon are sorry for having tried to injure tbat poor old man.' 'Bepent my sins— -sorry,' he muttered. ' Well, I'll say this much, that if 1 could begin life afresh, with a clean -conscience and a fair start, I'd try to be an honest man. Outlaws have their pleasures, but I think respectability has the best of it in the long-run.' ' The alroagrat proof of repentance is the endeavour to atone,' said Lnciu3 who dreaded lest the end should come ere be had learned all he wanted to know about Henry Glenlyae *? The wrong you did Lucille Glenlyne was a. bitter one, for you robbed her of a father.'1 'Lucille Glenlyne 1' cried Ferd'HHid. ' How came you by the name of Glenljae P' ''JJerer mma now I learned the name. Tour time is short. Remember that, and if joii can be the means of restoring Lucille to her father, lose not a moment ere you do that ' one good act.' 'An affectionate father,1' said Ferdinand, with the old mocking tone. ' He was very glad to be comfortably ridlof his pretty little (laughter. He came to Bond street a week after hU wife's death, with the merest apology for a hatband, lest people should aBk him why he waB in mourning, and took the little one on his knee and ''kissed her, and smoothed her dark curls, but never told her to call him father ; and then finding that she was so fond of me, proposed that 1 should adopt her altogether, and bring her up as my own.' ' For a consideration, I suppose ?'- said Licius. 'Tes,he|paid me something of course— a sum of money down— very' litUe— but he was always whiting about his difficulties, and pre tended that he could do no more, After that 1 lost sight of him altogether. 1 had left England before he came into his uncle's fortune, and when I wrote to him from t'outh America, asking him to remember old pro mises, he did not answer my letters. When 1 . came back to England, with some idea of hunting him up and making him pay me for my discretion, i heard that he was dead, Ee , was a mean, cur at the best of times, and was never worthy of his wife.' ? ' Tell me at least where 1 can get* most in formation about him ?' Baid Lucius earnestly. 'F-oiri the family lawyers— PuHman and 'Everill, Linen's inn,' This was something. Lucius had set his heart upon restoring Lucille'* rightful name before ehe changed it for his own. A some what useless labour, it might seem in the abstract ; but to an Englishman that question ef name is a strong point. _g' Is that -all you can tell me— the only help yon can Rive me towards reinstating Lucille in any rights she may have been deprived of through her father's desertion of her ?' asked Lucius. 'Ay, that'** question that might be worth leokiaginto. lou'd better look at old Olen lyne's will; Henry married a second time, I know, but I don't know whether he had child. -Jt*n by that. second marriage. I don't tee how i can help you. Henry Glenlyne married Felicia Dnmarques at the church in Piccadilly ?-St. JafwtWjust twenty-years ago. I never had the certificate of the marriage, Hal Glenlyn* 'kept that himself. Bnfc you'll fi: A the register. Lucille's rights — if she baa any under fiefpnald;Glenlf ce's will may he made out clearly e: ongh : priY-cel you can identity the child i brought home to Bond-streat, as the daughter of Henry and Felicie Glenljne. There's your greatest difficulty, The ml n's keen intellect^ ejjen clouded by pain, dul ed by the dark shadow of death grasped « ery detail, and saw the weak point in the casf. 'I am | no' fortanchunter,' said. Lucius, 'and were Lucille mistress of a million she could be no dearer 'to me than 'she is now; nor ; her f uture, life happier than, with God's help 1 hope to^nake it. I desire nothing bat that she Bhoutd nave justice— justice to .her dead mother— jnstice to herself.' 'You cannot get it out of Henry Glenlyne,*' answered vFerdinand Sivewright. ' Be has slipped comfortably into his grave and escaped all reckoning. He was always a sneak.' 'Enough. We must look for joBtice to God, if man withhold it. There is some one here who wishes to 'see you— some one you have wrorigf d as deeply as you wronged Lucille. Can you bear to s'e your wife— my sister Janet ?' ' What, is Bbe here too P You come like the ghosts that circled crook-back Richard's bed at Bosworth.' 'Will you see your wife?' asked Lnciua quietly, . ' Yes. She'll not reproach me now. Let her come.' ' Janet.' Janet came softly to the bed, and knelt beside the man whose influence had once been all-powerful to lead her. ' Can you forgive me ? ' he asked, looking at her with those awful eyes, whose intensity was slowly lessening as the dull shade of death dimmed them. ' Can you forgive P 1 wronged you worst of all, for 1 told you a lie on purpose to break your heart. You are my lawful wife— I had no other— never loved any other woman, i stole you secretly from your home because I knew my character couldn't stand investigation, and' if 1 had woeed you openly tjere'd have been all manner of inquiries. 1 knew the keen prying ways of your petty provincial gentry. It was easier to make tbe business a secret, and thus escape all danger,' ' You gave me a bitter burden to bear in all these yeirs,' Janat answered gently ; ' but 1 am cmxefnl even for tbis tardy jtstice. May God forgive you as I do ! She covered her face with her hands, and her bead sank on the coverlet of the bed, as she knelt in silent prayer. There could be little to be said between these two, Janet's wrongs were too deep for many words. Ferdinand stretched eut his band with a feeble wandering movement, and the tremulous fingers rested on his wife's bent head— vested there with a light and tender touch, it might be in blessing. - ? . ' Father will you not say one prayer P' asked Lucille ptteously. ? . ;; : ' I will say anything to please you,' he answered. ' No, no, not for me, but for your own sake ! God is all goodness; even'to'thoso who torn to Him at tbe eleventh hour. His mercies are infinite.1' . . '' 5 'They bad need be if 1 am to haveaDyjmrt in them.' : V. Lucille repented tbe 3 ord's Prayer slowly, the dying muu repenting it after her, ia Latin —the words he uad learned in his boyhood when he went to mais with hia mother at the chapel ia .-'panish- place. They stayed witli him all tint pay, Lucille reading, at intervals, words of hope and com fort from tbe Gospel— words wbieti may have pierced even those dull ears with some faint promise, may have kindled some vague yearn ing for divine forgiveness even in that hardened heart. The sinner seemed at intervals to listen ; there was a grateful look now aud then in the tired eyes, They did not fatigue him, even with these pious ministrations. The soothing words were read to him after pauses of silence, and only when he seemed free from pain. Lucille's gentle bond bathed tbe hurting forehead. Janet held the reviving cordial to the pule parcbed lips. Had be lived nobly, and peruhed ia the discharge of some sacred duty, his dying hours could not have bepn more gently tended. And thus the slow sad day wore on, aud at dusk he started up out of a brief slumber, with a Bharp cry of pain, and re peated, in a strange husky voice, the words Lucille had read to him a little while before: ' Lord—be merciful— to me— a—' He lacked strength to finish that brief sentence; but, conscious to the last, looked round upon them all, and then, stretching out his arms to Lucille, fell upon her neck, and died there. He had loved the little girl who eat on kis knee iu the gloaming, while he played by his father's fireside, better than the wife he wronged. 