Oar New Zealand Letter. AucKr.AN-1), February 1. IT is midnight ; for the city chimes but a few- ', seconds ago announced the fact. I am writings , " -*'.' \ in a room the walls of which are nearly threa. ' , . 'i >", Seat thick with solid stone. Y'el doo« the ther- ' » * 4 mometer stmd at eighty-five, not in the sun a» yam are sine, not in tho shade, but in the ga« light. The heat is oppiessive almost beyond. J'4 bearing. It is not the honet heat of a Via toriaii summer, «-hero the perspiration breaks out over one and brings relief ; but it i« a nasty sticky heat, which causes a feeling of having coinu in contact with a treacle cask. The skin; > is clammy, whilu the clothes stick to the« body. The sweat is a sort of cold sweat, producing misery und ii sensation of cxtiomu discomfort On tho door below which I write is I a steam engine and n steam boiler. It is work- ing oil' nevvsjiapors on a largo printing press, f. am used to this, but to-night tho movement o£ . the, piston is unusually rapid, as known, by the quickened vibration communicated to tho walls, l of the building. Now a man opens my door and looks in.. Ho is elad in a pair of moleskin tiouscra and a Borge shirt, both much soiled with grease, and oil, and lamp-bhick. Tho perspiration is running down hi« faco ami fore- head in dark streaks, .and from his blood exposed chest, und his bare brawny arms. 1 ¡esk thin man, whom I know to bo thu driver mid lireniun. of tho ougino and boiler below, what ho wants, and whether theie's anything up. He says, in ii atlut subdued tono, that he can't uukc out what's, the matter with the " waive." Ho thinks "the, waive must havo got stuck ; thu ¡ndicatoi show« a hundred and twenty pounds o' steam on in the, hiler, when thoio oughtn't to bo moro not fifty." lam aliirinud at this, .and tell bim that thom will be a blow-up unless ho omi bring th(* " vvalvo" to a sense of its i esponsibility. I lo say« ho will go down and try what ho bindo. I fol- low liiin. Tho piston is wot Mug a hiirricana. The man gots a hummer mid taps round tho vnlviybut ho effects nothing. I tell him ho musk draw the Kio. The reply is that ho will du» nothing of the kind ; he's got to get tho first "impression" off hy 2 o'clock-, and he'll get it oil'. He "isn't going to got sucked be- cause of a waive." It was all thu fault oi the Govei muent, which ought to oidor waives, as couldn't go vviong. Suddonly there w a tonifie hissing hound, and the oiiginn-. riiom is filled with hot moist vohuno.1 of steam. Tho "vvalvo" has righted itiolf-how, 1 don't pietond to know, bul. tt did tight itself, mid tink indicator showed the piubsuro uf steam to have» declined fi oui ono bundi ed and twenty to fifty Ilvo pounds. 1 escape with life, and ascend to> wi ¡to tor your estimable juurunl. There have been shocks of oaithquakos felt at Chi-istchui eli mid in two ol- three of tho southern Piovinces ; but, like tho declino in the y ¡old of oin gold-liold«, thcio has been ii con- siderable fulling oil'in tho «umber and quality of ointhquakes of hito yews in this colony.. Thoytttu nothing liku what they iiocd lo be in. tho good old times of my cn lier days. Thon an ciirtlii|itako was something to bo thought of and talked about. YVero you ovur under tho ¡nutiouoo ol' nil eatlhquako ! Not a slight one, you know, whom thoro is only tho sensation of a slight tieiiior of tho earth under join feet, fol- lowed at intoivals of n fow minutes by othei tionioiH, each succeeding uno lighter and less pionounccd than that that which pteoedod it. }. don't consider that «ort of oaitliquakotiw worthy of moto than a paragraph in tho local columns of a novvspnpei. lint wore you ovor.iioimed fiom. your sloop in a dead hour of tim night, to expo lionuu what I shall hero attempt to (Uieribo :-. 'i'heio comes upon the car a confuiied i-ttmbliug from a distiinco. Thon you hoar lb» Hounds ni ol' a hundred empty di ays, with liorsesiittaohed, in full gallop, coming ulonga motulled mad. On thoy come lull tear, the speed itieieaoing aud the sounds moro und moro distinct until tho whole hundred ilinys, with their ulliiglited galloping hoises, suddenly liu'tig up with ii crash bofoio your hottiio. livery joist and support cieakl^. and gioatiH. Tho building oscillates violently. Things fall fiom shelves mid wallu of every room. You have jumped from your bed, your wife, clinging to yon, palo-as seen by tho night lump -iib a ghost. In a fow suconds your door H buist open, and «oieaming children mid sorviitilu rush in in their bed drebse«, «oi earning ia fright of mi unknown honor. You suc- ceed in quieting tho children and ro tltuilng COIllMtutu Lo Clio «mun,, ".ml }W sit around on thu bed and on chairs ; for you I'celtlieio is mole ¡dann, if not danger, in btoio for all. In half- aii-lioiii thou- isnnotluir shock, but less violent than the Iii ht. In an hour tho thiiri coine«, but with dccicuscil foico, Tlioit, thioughuut tin- night there ,-u o immy «light vibrations, and the earthquake is at n-st. That, Mr. Jirhlmms Courier, is ,a leal genuino earth- quake, if you plo.iso. I havo folk the uko, and 1. have felt how »mull, how veiy insignificant, bow utterly bayoud all help, wo mo under such a. visitition. At 2 o'clock on tho morning of Monday, the 16th October, in the year 1848, an earthquake struck the town of Wellington in the North Island, and almost in the twinkling of an eye, or the sound of a trump, left it in ruins. The first shock threw down the brick and stone work, of many buildings. Much property was damaged or destroyed, and many men, women, and children were buried in the debris, and were only extriated by the most extraordinary efforts. During the whole of that Monday shocks and tremblings of the earth were from time to time experienced. The general alarm cannot be de scribed-probably cannot be imagined-by those who have never been so placed. On Tuesday, about 4 o'clock a.m., another smart shock was felt, and again at 8 a.m. Lighter ones continued at intervals during the day, until at twenty minutes to 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when a sudden and much more violent shock took place. What buildings had been left standing were now thrown to the ground. The native hospital, the gaol, and the remainder of the large stores_ were completely destroyed. Barrack-sergeant Lovell mid two of his children were buried in some ruins. Upon being extricated, one of the children was found dead, and the other so seriously injuried that it died a few hours after wards. The sergeant was very much injured, but ultimately recovered. On the morning of Thursday, the 19th, at ten minutes past 5, a most violent and awful shock took place. The earth rocked to and fro in a fearful manner. The screams of women were terrible, and added to the horror and consterna- tion of tho horrible sunouudmgs ; men rushed to the hills, followed by women csriying children; but tliegoneial belief was that «uno would ba saved. All this time there wore heavy down- pours of rain which made tho situation stillmoro terrible. The cold was very severe. Turing four entii o days and uightB terror and dismay reigned. supremo. Tho energies of all were completely . paralysed. There followed three days more of slight shocks, but the dread wa« that these wore but the prectitbois of more 3erious ones. The fuw ships lemainiug in port were crowded from hold to cabin, fiom cabin to deck, and from deck to the tops with mon, women, and children. In the midst of all these horroi-s the 20th October was observed as a solemn fast day, which was, observed with deepest l-evereiica and humility. ' Truly tile hand of the Almighty, to save or destroy in His infinitó wisdom,.was acknowledged on thin occasion. Ljeutenitnt-Govo) nor Eyro caused every ship in harbor to b« detained until tho earthquake had subsided Foina-, days. All the specie in the Colonial chest wa« put on board of Her .Majesty's ship Fly, ' which was in port at the'time. The frequent earthquakes which are so native to certiin dis- tricts of the colony are, it is said, due to tho .action of waters, and not, as has been generally supposed, to the force« of subterranean fires. Here my room door is opened again, and the» > captain of the engine and boiler below, just a. little more begrimed and sweaty than when ho lost appeared before me, enquired whether I could finish what I was about in two munîtes, because ho had charge of the gas meter, and in that time he would havo to turn the tap off. It was his dooty to do it at a certain hour, and his dooty he must do. I prayed for just a little time. I said 1 was writing private and confidential despatches to Queen Victoria at Balmoral, which were o£ the greatest moment to the welfare of the world. The mau said he was werry sorry, hut he couldn't keep the gas in againBt orders, not if Queen Victoria was tho Emperor of Russia. He had a dooty to go through, and ho meant to go tluough with it. And this is why this my letter comes to so abrupt a termination, becausa a man who can't Bound his " Y"'s" is entrusted with the key of a gas meter, and has original^ notions of doing his dooty. 