Wkkn recently callmg attention to the advantages of co-operation among masters and workpeople, it was onr in tention to confine the matter to asaon.i ationB ©Ulicr for the growth of staples : or for tlieir manufacture, and not to the proceedings of such bodies as those kuown under the names of coopera tive stores and the like. And the iih portance of tliis distinction we trust may be. evident to our readers. We have long been assured of- the gigantic success of co-operative societies of the mother country, especially in Lancashire and Yorkshire, hut at the same time it lias been through the eager competi tion, the fluctuating and ? comparatively small wage of the artizan of the mother , country, ;( that he ' has been driyen to, these' combinations — aa a, measure of defence, in short. At present, at least, tlie same plea can hardly he raised by the Australian artizan' ; on the contrary, 1 . the weekly reward of- his lab-nir raises him above.the same pinching and grind ing economies. In his case, therefore, the position of the European and colo nial employer is reversed, and the latter is oftentimes ?? sadly disheartened' in; his: efforts; to 'accomplish'1 works, thei 'success, of . which t ' is esseri tially 'ruled '^ by the ? cost ' of 'labour'.' Now', few who. -are ; conversant with ' : the histories bf.-young communities like these, will look foi- a solution 'of their difficulties in a 'lowering of the rate of wages, or in ?.. depreciating the rewards of labour. ,- And yet if such feeling be notf openly - avowed, it is, somewhat naturally, we might!'adinit, present in their inmost thoughts and 'speculations for theifuture.' ., That, it would be wise at. once to. dismiss the latter the.increas ,ing and not v diminishing^ demand for; labour -of every -kind must abundantly shew. '-Ifcinay not be generally known j' but it is a fact, that fifteen years ago there existed in the mother country cor operative societies among artisans and workpeople that 'had not restricted their attention to mere storekeeping, but had entered the arena of competition aa manufacturing companies*, employing, even at that period, more than a million of capital. In these concerns the ope ratives, beyond having a voice in the1 freneral direction of the proceedings, j received weekly wages, and also divi-'. dends on profits after paying the^ex peuses of management. So that it will be seen at once the same principles apply to these more extended combina tions of labour already recognised in those minor associations which are devoted to the savings of indus trial occupation, and that the ques tion of the cost of labour to the associated or non-associated employer is the guiding rule of profit in all these undertakings. Moreover, co-operations of thiskind would, go far to settle that obsolete (doctrine of 'protection to'* '^native ' industry,' ? that ; 'ha^ ' already borne sUch 'unexpected fruits in Vic toria. It 'would have^been well for the ?manufacturing industries of that colony if, 'nistend of cheapening the actual returns 'of the , labour of the working population, by imposing duties that enhanced to tliem the' edst of the very necessaries of life, arid thereby niched something from their 'legitimate earnings, a system ' of ' cooperation had been framed to se'eute their . best , energies in these Undertakings. The¥e ' would then have been inore Trfiiccess to local manufactures in Australia, ns \ we nnw learn thero would 'have .beefn in the experience of tho TTnited States also. 'We have already pointed to the great industry of sugar production, the long-wniting for returns of the planter, and his pre sent conflict with the labour question. . Coining on, not we hope in the remote , distance, is 'squatting,' other numerous ! -manufactures, of woollen cloths, 'fc'he, smelting and preparing ~of ores, aud otherB too numerous to mention, whilst the same un-laid ghost of labour-cost will arise hi all theso. It cannot then be too early to balance the cost of our only choice between the depreciating of labour to'-the end in view, and making it our permanent and best ally by co operation. ? 