CORRESPONDENCE. FISHER'S GHOST. TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,—I have read with much interest Mr. Marcos Clarke's paper concerning Fisher's ghost, and on the premises which he assumes I must allow that his argument is sufficient He avers that he has seen the evidence taken at the, trial of Worral, which contains no allnsion to the appearance, or supposed appearance, of toe ghost of the the murdered man, and ne argues that there fore the story of the ghoBt is the resultof gossip and rumoor. But the fact is that the presiding judge would not have allowed any allnaion to toe supernatural, or supposed supernatural, ap pearance to be taken as evidence, and, all reference to it being forbidden, no trace of the ghost part of the story could appear in toe evidence. Mr. Clarke's theory, there fore, falls to the ground, and so candid a writer will admit that it does so. I have myself at Campbelltown at the lime of the murder < Fisher, and among them there was not one who doubted that toe appearance, or sup posed appearance, of Fisher's ghost was toe cause of the search for Fisher's body, and of toe trial of Worrell. At toe trial only the evidence procured by toe police would be ad mitted. ■ Many years afterwards a somewhat similar trial took place, daring which I was present in court. An old man named Cotfc was missing. He used to work at some farms about two or three miles from Maitland, aud ^occasionally to go to the Wollombi, aud work there. He bid his Maitland friends good-bye one day, telling them that he was about to go to the Wollombi on the following morning. After some tone it transpired that he had not appeared at toe Wollombi. Inquiries were made, but nothing was dis covered. Unlike Fisher, Cott had no farm, find no one had stepped into possession of property by reason of his death. Suspicion Was directed against no one, and after a time the disappearance of Cott ceased to be matter. of comment. Suddenly,: a servant girl in Maitland, who had known neither Cott nor Hayes, had a dream in which she saw Cott, who told h£r that he had been murdered by Hayes, and described minutely the place into which his body had been thrown, and where it had been carefully covered up with earth. The girl was terrified, and told her mistress that she must leave her place. When asked her reason for desiring to go away, she eventually told her mistress about toe dream. - Her mistress very sensibly persuaded her to let the chief constable be sent for. The girl told her story. The chief constable w;ent to toe farm of Hayes, em. ployed two men "to dig at the spot described, found Cott's body,- arrested Hayes, and pro cured Buch circumstantial evidence as was to he found before the assize court sat. Judge Dickinson tried the case at Mait land. Not a word about the supernatural appearance or dream was allowed to be uttered by any witness. An attempt was apparently about to be made, in examining the chief constable to elicit toe cause of his storing in the matter, but he was only allowed, to say that "bom information ■re ceived," he had proceeded to Hayes's farm' to institute' a search.' Hayes, to his utter astonishment, was found guilty after ft ldng trial, an elaborate charm from the judge as to the doctrine of probabilities arid the modes.. in which Cott's death, could be accounted . for, arid a lengthy retirement on the part of - I am told that the law of evidence had'un-' dergcme no change, as to the reception of the evidence in question, between the tiffie wljen Judge Forbes tried. Worral and toe time of top trial of Hayes; and I ppnfi denfly submit to Mr; Marcus Clarke's j udg merit tost the conseauerice is, that the absence of any allusion fo Fisher s ghost at the trial of Worral fo noi Way impugns or even touohesthe veracity of. the Btory that a certain map saw or thought he saw Fisher's and tons set the black tracker and toe motion., and causedthe apprehension aodoimtfctfonofWortaL ■Totus, &&.' 4ug.lt ANTIQUUS. TO THE EDITOR OV THE AUSTRALASIAS. , Sir,—I do not draw the same deductions from the story hf. fisher's ghost, as detailed by Mr. Marcos Clarke inlast-week's Austral aiian, as that gentleman does; and though I cannot say I have any great faith in ghosts, I believe an unaccountable sympathy exists in some human minds which no distance and no vital state can destroy, aid which is called into action under extraordinary though unknown circumstances. I knew numbers of people in Campbell town who, a few years only after the story was told, believed in Fisher'sghost.. A few did not, but they had another .'belief. They were quite sure that , the man who add he saw theghost sitting oh the fence believed in the vision. By him it was no idle tale, whatever way ithas been twisted aboht since. But to Mr. Clarke's reasoning. Hesays that Fisher's breeches disclosed the murder. 'The evidence he adduces dots not show that That trticle of apparel, and something else, gave riBe to suspicions, but U waB not tire brioches that led Billy OH. ber$ to tiie water - hole where Fisher's: body was found. Constable Peefoe fend another. whose name I forget, who Were ! in CSmphelltown at the time of my visit, assUiednne that but-for the blood and hair ! on the rail of thB Wattle-paddock {as it was ' called) there was no telling when, if ever, i ^the (body would have been found. lt was not j tiiejbreecheethatledthemthere,«hestalns imdlhehairooiddnotbeseenexbeptlqrvery mm a examinatioh, and there was ho pro bah lityinf these ever being aaen'. if sfehcUl' att< ution had not -been directed to the end eft let partioalari panel offence, over which 'lis! let's i dead body had ' been -dragged. Wt» direoted thia «peclal attention?7%ut i breeches.: 8uspiaon had been aioused,; the but : no blood, tfo hair, no dead * body - hadj been seen till the -police went to the -* identical panel of- fence where 'Farley, mt whatever his name was, 'f luid he saw " maths* g." From that moment the murderer's i was sealed,; And Whether FSrleyaaW jhost, or only^fancied he did, his state. t—not the breeches led to theimmedl nih for and finding of the body In the ntheghorrtwaU said to hatw walked the fence, Jt was either a real ighost -'-^ imagination that iedtothedis Fishers bodv mid the pnnvfntjnn «f the murderer. -4TOOZ8.&C..; B&Uac;&t; , < OLD CHUM, 