BA DOM NOTIONS. BY NOSEY. Inter aia silent legecs.-Cic4ro. Having remained in seclusion-- strict reli gious seclusion this tiue-some three months, I think:.it about. time that I shelved my devotions for a wlhie, and shliaking off t1ie sacred dust from my garments, issuel forth into bioad daylight again: Once morel then, Rip Van Winkle like, I rouse up and desccnd -not. from the Kastskill mountains -but my three-legged stool of repentance, and while replenishing imy parched in. bottle and scraping the rust from my pen .pib, look round for something to'vrite about. 'I notice the pendulum of our social affairs wags much in the same old, usual style, and the face of thn dial ml notinsieh nlteied with the time that workCwitliin it: I' dare say I should have remained quiet a little longer if people had not been kicking up such an infernal row about the Shire Council, rendering it im possible fr anyone to rest in peace while their strong epithets are flyit about and buzzing in one's eari. I uotice that rate paying gentleman in the last twopenny, on whom old age is supposed to be creeping, and -whom many years of newspaper writing have taught moderation, is going it-if he has not gone it, the whole hog. It strikes me that Mr. tatepayer last week lost the run of his moderation of many year's gathering, for before he got to the end of his letter he waxed hot and fierce to a degree quite in teresting, and instead of moderation, he left an impression on my mind that he had been a collector of thunderbolts and forked light ning all his life. 'But there is point in human nature when, as I have heard say, patience ceases to be a virtue, add I shouldn't wonder ere long if the arm of thelaw weretoreach out and with iron fingers grasp the proprietor of the twopenny by the shoulder, pull him up with a jerk,anddemand satisfaction: He!s got deep into it, by hook or by crook, and he might get out ofit; yes, he might, with a hook. TiThere are few places of any standing worth mentioning on the faeq df the earth.that can not boast of its ghqst story, and if rumniour tells true, Mount Camel has pretty tall reasons. for talking in this particular. In, case, CIr. Editor, you should consideir the subject of ghosts too light and airy to occupy you attention, perhaps you would not mind my devoting a few. lines to laying the facts as narrated to me in connection with this rumor before your readers. To be concise, a few ights ago the equilibrium of a family. circle at Mount Cainel iwas abruptly disturbed by a poise so unearthly and sepulchral- yet so low and distinct-near the back door, as tiomake all in the room hold'their breath perhaps to listen, and perhaps with fright. But they had not long to wait, for the sound came rumbling through the keyhole more un earthly and more sephulcral chan before, and the fear-smitten coniltenances of. those as semled told plqinly that they thought there was something supernatural around: The sound continued, the inmates grei imipatient, and armed themselves with cohveniedit'things inside and determined to open the door and issue out to see where it came from. If the sound was.bad, the sighit wae. worse, for not tiwele paces from the' baclk door stood a spectral object about fourteen feet high in its stockings, with a humn on its back like Mount Canel itself, and enveloped in the usual.winding sheet. To rush inside was the work of an instant, and to b'ing, bolt, and barricade the door the work of another. The after feelinigs of the family circle can be better imagined than describel, and I sup pose their dreusms, if they went to sleep, were not of the pleasantest kind that night. One, thosigh, in the rush fot the door-.plucked up enough courage to throw a pot-stick it his ghostship, and next morinibg this missile was found bitten in two, apparently savagely bitten in two, besides other perceptible .signs of rough treatment on it. This restless spirit with the substantial jaws ihas also made itself visible in the Mount Pleasant district, and,, like the spectre of.the Brocken, was even seen in a great' exteLided foirm airing itself on top ofthemount, which is looked upon as pleasant no longer. Great excitement prevails in the lieigliborhood of the two mounts at.the y.isit..of, the appjrition;-and from'thei viriousi description of 0tthe Cocki Lane ghost must have been a fool to it. The Bendigo Advertiser last weekhws any thing. but. fortunate in its. paragraplh con cerning the recent fatal accident at Redcastle. It, stuck Redcastle on the wvrong side; of flea hcote--about two miles beyond- and. a little to theright of the Pick and Shovel, and put dowi Lacey as havibig bee. killed by falling off.the kerb into a shallow gutter alongside the footpath, instead of John Preston falling down a perpendicular bank about six feet deep into a dry creek. Such blunders may read very, well over at Sand hurst where people are not supposed to know much abrist-otr. geographical position, &c.;, hut to us here it appears mighty- absurd.. The idea of: Redcastle possessing footpaths and kerbstones is rich indeed. The Shire Council knows better . thn tthat. It took that worthy3 body a lon" 'time to clear a tric'ito'iit to Wive other persons besides first claiss bushman an opportunity of finding,it. Perhaps this accounts in. some- measure for the blundering of the Advertiser as ..toita. ,wherenbout$. 