MR BRIGHT AND MR GLADSTONE. To the right of Mi- Lowe I see a figure which, foreshortened from' my point of view, is chiefly distinguishable by a hat and a pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker fashion about the cut of the hat or garments, there is a breadth about the former and a looseness about the latter suggestive of Quaker associations. Perhaps if ray idea were mercilessly analyzed it would appear that it has its growth in the knowledge that i am looking down on Mr Bright, and that I know Mr Bright is of Quaker parentage. But I am jotting down my impressions as I receive them. Mr Bright does not address the House-to-night, but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Chiltorn, who has heard them, speaks quite sorrowfully of the evidence they give a failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Commons under his command, with as mnoh ease as Apollo held in hand the fiery coursers of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rure occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more ; he hesitates in choosing words, is not sure of the sequence of his phrases, and re sumes his seat with evident gratefulness for the renewed rest. Chiltern adds that much of this nervousness is probably owing to a sensibility of the expectation which his ris ing arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is not about to make the " great , speech" which has been looked for ever since he returned to his old place. But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright is al ready a tradition in the House of Commons, and it is but the ghost of the famous Tri bune who now nightly hauntB the scene of his former glories. Mr Gladstone was sit ing next to Mr Bright, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favourite attitude with him. His legs were stretched out, his hands loosely claaped before him, and his head thrown baok, resting on the cushion at the back of the seat, so that the soft light from the illuminated roof shone full on hie upturned face. It is a beautiful faoe, soft as a woman's, very pale and worr, with furrowed lines that tell of. labour done and sorrow lived through. Heie again I am conscious of the possibility of my impressions being moulded by my knowledge of facts; buTl fancy I see a great alteration since lasfl looked on Mr Gladstones face, now two years ago. It was far away from bere in a big wooden building in a Forth Wa es town. He was on a platform surrounded by grotesque men in blue gowns and caps,, which marked high rank in Celtic hardship. At that time he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow hun, and president of a Ministry that thwarted all his steps. His face looked much harder then, and hia eye glanced restlessly round, taking in every movement of the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to exist m a hec tic flush of life, and was utterly incapable of taking rest. How his face, though still thin, has filled up. The lines on his brow and under his eyes, though too deeply fur rowed to be eradicable, have been smoothed down, and the Pope being, let us hope, finally slain, there is about Ilia face a sense of peace and a pleasant look of rest. Chiltern says that sometimes when the right hon. gentle man has been in the House this session he hag daring the progress of a debate momen tarily sprung into his. old attitude of earnest, eager attention, and there have been moments when hie interposition in debate has appeared imminent. But he has conquered the im pulse, lain back again on the bench, and let the House go its own way. It is veiy odd, Chiltern savs. to have him sitting there silent in the midst of so much talking, Gentle- man's Magazine. " Jt is astonishing," said Mrs Coffinbury, (.ring affectionately upon her pug- nosod, freckle-faced, tow-headed, nine-year-old sod, " how readily John Henry picks up things ! " " That is what they all say down on C-atreet, among ths frnit and toy shops, and the notion stores," cruelly and drily ob served her ill-natured neighbour old Sam Brownson. A Mb Lyon declined fighting a duel, and was called a dog for it. " Ah, you may call me dog,' but alive dog is better than a dead Lyon." 