HUGH BORDEL'S LAST CHRISTmas Day. [Br OBEHABBAH.] (Written for the Launceston Examiner.) Nearly forty years ago I first made the acquaintance of Hugh Bordel. He was then the "lion king" of a small menagerie of wild beastB, at that time exhibiting in the west of England at a place, if I remember rightly, called Honiton. Bordel was a short thick-set man of about two or three and thirty, with short crisp black hair, though not curling, small dark moustache—an ornament then not commonly worn—large mouth, a rather flat nose, but eyes black, deep set, aud sparkling, and which in moments of passion could flash and sparkle as if fire were actually emitted from them. Whether these eyes were the true cause of Ms wonderful power over the animals he had in complete subjection—they were a lion and a lioness in one cage,and a black panther in another—or whether it was the utter fearlessness of the man, or the heavy iron rod he carried disguised in paint and mountings as an ordinaiy riding-whip, certain it is that the animals' feared him, and would tremble and cower on his approach to their dens. There were very few animals besides the three mentioned, and the establishment consisted of the proprietor, the lion king, myself, and a man who was known by no other name than "Bill," and whose business it was to clean and do odd jobs about the show. I fed the beasts and anhnals, occasionally assisted the proprietor to take the money, and sometimes beat on the big drum. There was a man who played the cornopean outside and another with the clarionet ; these, with the drum when I could get time to beat it,'made up our band. I ? forgot to mention that Hugh was a Spiritualist, of whom there were a very few at that time. Hugh" was, however, a corresponding member with some of the leading Spiritualists in America, and was or professed, to ,be 4 firm believer in the science. lEIis theory was that not only could a ghost or spirit be raised by different persons meeting together, aud going through jthej.-usuai .formula, of' placing your fingers on tlfe table, and waiting for the announcement of the spirit's appearance throiJgh >a me- <dium and by the answering vraps^ 'but that men of certain temperaments had the power to evoke-A. spirit when-and, , where required, and that the spirit thus evoked ^ould be,visible or invisible, to other .persons just .as the evoker willed.: Bordel occupied part of a caravan which served for sleeping and living room, And when our tent was pitched formed part of the sides 'of the marquee, with a, door opening into the centre of the show itself; so thatwhen he was dressed for the performance'hie had only to step across the showamongst.the spectators to reach the doors 'Of the beasts and cages opposite. Many a ,night while I was sitting with him in his " crib," as he called it, have 1 been almost terrified .while he has been talking on his favorite theme. We were encamped' in the middleof a lone common, so that save the occasional flapping of. the ornamental vallance around the roof of the tent, the click, click of the halyards against the flagstaff, the pat pat of the lions and panther as they ceaselessly trod the floor of their cages, or the deep respiration of some -of the animals slumbering near us, our conversation, or I should rather say his talk, was never interrupted except when an unusually heavy gust of wind would sweep over the common, causing the ropes to rattle, the canvas to strain and flap, and last, but not least, the lions to roar in concert, and the panther let out such an unearthly kind of yell, and this generally as I fancied happening at the most exciting part of his argument, that I would ask him in terror to stop. It was Christmas, and there was no performance on that day, so Hugh and ] had taken a walk in the pleasant country. The ground was frozen hard and the water bound up with ice, but throughout the morning the wind was bracing, and the air so deliciously mild for that season of the year, that Hugh and I, like boys let loose from school, had been snow-balling each other, running races, sliding on the ice, and generally enjoying ourselves. We had managed to get a dinner at a very rustic public-house. We dined in the kitchen with the innkeeper and his family, and although I could see we were rather out of place amongst them on Christmas Day, yet we were hospitably entertained. A fire of logs blazed and burnt away in the spacious fire-place, and as we sat on the " settle" by the side of the fire after dinner, with our feet on the flagged floor, our pipe and glass before us, the sides of bacon on the rafters above us, and some of the family around, we both thought and said we had never spent, so jolly a Christmas Day in'our lives before. On our way home, however, the wind' began to freshen, and ias we pushed our way across the common, we did so in the face of a cutting ice-cold .sleet; so that when we arrived at the menagerie we were ,veiy glad to take shelter in Hugh's crib. We lit the fire in the small stove in the caravan, and after putting on the kettle to boil for tea, went' to have a last look at the animals before it got dark. They seemed all right, although the panther looked rather angry and impatient about something; she was walking around her cage and then clawing at ithe bars, while every now and then she would utter a short cry, and her green ieyes would look far from pleasant. After a few questions as to with what and when 1 fed her last, we went back to tea. After tea, Hugh's spiritualistic hobby., came on again, and after reading some" icorrespondence he had lately received, the question arose on that reading as to the actual appearance of disembodied spirits, and whether it was possible of your own will to compel the appearance of iany spirit, or to compel yourself by an effort of your will before death to appear after death to any stated person or at any stated time. Hugh held that it was possible, and while I dissented he. said, '" Look here, old fellow. I know it's right; Fd raise a ghost for you to-night only I see you are too frightened, and that XDfernal panther's noise is far from pleasant 1 must admit. But I'll tell you what I will do, I'll raise you one some other time, but this I'm blest if I don't do—the first time after my death that yon happen to see a wild beast, no matter where and when, ril be there, and in the same toggery as when you last saw me in life. PerhapB that will help to convince you." There was a dead silence for some moments after he had half- seriously, halfjocosely said this; but the shrill whistling noise of the wind without made us feel that the gale, for such it happened to be, was steadily increasing. A stronger blast of wind and the. increasing uproar of the nimals made us rather alarmed for thrar safety and that'of the tent. - As we were listening, the roars and screams became terrific, and the peculiar cat-like yell of o V.. the panther, as if furious gr in pain, made us'hasten out to see whatpfras the matter. On ,opeiung: the door, advancing towards the denof jthe panther, ;we saw that she had jSiy some mBans got one of her fdrepawB.hetween one pf thebars of the cage, and that in -such a manner by the leverage she had obtained as to twist the bar and loosen it in its socket. If she managed to displace the bar she could ^enhava,got.out,,,and, Jheji the consequence would be terrific, for she was a .fine well-grown beftst, and. saving the control of Hugh Bordel-eubmitted to no other authority whatever. BordeL^saw^at a. .glance the .difficulty, and the only solution of it, which was for him'to g6 inside the cage aud endeavor to hold'back the enraged beast while temporary bars -were placed interlacing the one 'bent; '; Bordel's usual dress on performance consisted of high boots of red leather, a purple <Jreek cap and tunic of .some white material, with heavy gold fringe and belt. With this costume he always encountered the beasts, and as his theory was that all' animals are more attached to you in a certaio dress (wild animals as much 1 as others) he therefore would not venture inunleBs thus arrayed. He hastened in,- and had not been absent more than a, few minutes when he reappeared in^ll his bravery, and unfastening the door'of 'the' cage "slipped in, refastened it, And was face to face with the panther, who had now desisted from her efforts for liberty to face the present danger. Immediately the panther made preparations for a spring, but either something in the accustomed dress of her op- . ponent, or more likely the look from his eyes, which were now absolutely glittering in their intensity, made her''hesitate —that moment ot hesitation was the lionking's opportunity. Quick as thought he sprang close to her side, and with a welldirected blow on her head at the;back of her ear laid her stunned and bleeding at bis feet. " Quick, the bars !" were'his words, and ' fast as we could fix them in they went. " One, two, three, enough, thank God," said he; scarcely were theBe words uttered when the panther recovering her momentary stupor sprung, on him, fastening on his leg, tearing the boot away, and the skin of his leg with it in long strips. The sight was dreadful, but Hugh half turning aimed blows on her head, but these could not be well directed or well given from his position, as he had to. hit over his shoulder. The loss of blood, too, was weakening him, as not only from his , leg was the blood' streaming, but also from his back, where the beast had fixed•' her right paw in order to drag him down. By a supreme effort Hugh, who was now in my, eyes more than ever the lion king, swung himself round using the animal's fore-arm as a support by catching , hold of it with his left hand, but in doing this the paw fixed in his back' was dragging away the flesh and muscles from off it; but notwithstanding the frightful pain and agony he was suffering, Bordel, by a well-directed blow given with a last expiring effort, laid the:animal senseless on , the floor of the den, while he fell and was dragged insensible on her body. We did not kill the animal, but we managed to disengage poor Hugh and. get him into his own caravan, out of which, alas, he never more -emerged alive. We stanched the bleeding as well as we could, and sent for a doctor. After a time Bordel rallied from his insensibility, and first looking around as if in bewilderment said " Is she dead 1" "No." Then don't kill her." I said "'Lie still, Hugh, we have sent for the 1 doctor ; don't talk." He said, "A doctor's of no use now; • I'm done, I can feel it." Some little time elapsed, and then look-. ing towards me—"Peter," he said, "I. shall do as I said. Mark my words when you next see a wild beast no matter where or when." '' 1 I entreated him to keep quiet, and he then seemed to meditate, .and at last to • doze. As he lay thus the lion near us burst into a terrific roar followed by low and reverberating grumbles. Hugh heard it, and springing up in hiB'bed in his performing dress, land with the. lion-tamer's' spirit on him, his stern bloodless face and glittering eye looking so commanding and so stern; cried—''Down, brute. The bars ! quick ! One, two, three. Thank God! Thank God!" he said, and fell back dead.. And this was Hugh Bordel's last Christmas Day. We buried him in a corner of Honiton . churchyard,' and I the same day left : the Menagerie, partly through the disgust I felt at the proprietor^ still wanting to make money, by the exhibition of the panther—lie saying "she would now draw better than ever after having killed her man;" and partly through the loss of my comrade. Soon after this I left England for ever and started as an emigrant for Tasmania. But now the strangest part of-my story' is to come. Twenty years After Hugh Bordel's death, and as ' I : was walking down Brisbane-street, Launceston, late ne afternoon, I saw on a piece of waste land, next the. Brisbane Hotel, a tent erected -with glaring porters outside, Bbowing a tiger in conflict with a man. It fras a wild beast show, and I determined to go in. The death of Bordel of whom' I had ' seldom thought occurred to me; but it was not until I had paid my money and was inside the tent, and looking at the tiger that Bordel's promise or assertion to me came to my mind : "The first time after my death that you happen to see a wild beast, no matter where or when, I'll be there and dressed as when you last saw me in life," Now, I had never seen a wild beast since that fatal Christmas Day. 1 looked around me, there were few people in the show, and the beast was coiled up sulkylooking in one corner. I could scarcely make him out for the corner was very dark. It was one of those close dark days, and being rather late in the afternoon, you could not distinguish objects very well inside the tent ; and as I peered into the cage in rather • too close quarters, for I was anxious to see the animal, to my great horror I distinctly saw standing at the head of the tiger, and close to it—so cloBe that they almost seemed to be touching—Hugh Bordel as he appeared in that memorable cage on that memorable Christmas Day twenty years ago. His dress was the same, but the boot was torn, and the flesh of that part of the leg that I could see was torn in strips, while a pool of blood was at his feet. The beast seemed to cower and tremble while I, scarcely less horrified and trembling, heard a voice—Bordel's voice, though Bounding as if from far away—say, "Down, brute ! Quick ! the bars. One, two. three ! Thank God ! Thank God !" , 