REV. ROBERT LEWERS ON SPITIRUALISM. "Spiritualism " was again the burden of this rev. gentleman's discourse ill St. John's Church on last Sunday night. There was a good atten dance, and the greatest attention was mani fested throughout. Mr. Lewers did not deliver a lecture of his own, but read a most interesting .pamphlet liv ihe lie v. John Graham, of Sydney, bearing on the comparative revelations and evidences of Spiritualism and Christianity. Mr. Lewers expressed himself as agreeing exactly with the opinions expressed therein; in fact, it formed a synopsis of the lectures he had been recently delivering on the subject. Some passages were rather entertaining, and will bear repetition here. First of all he accepted as fact that a world of fleshless spirits encircled this world of spirits still in flesh. He was not pre judiced against modern Spiritism, because it averred that there ever have been and are com munications between the spirit world and ours, lie did not think it was either poetry or night mare that led the Chaldean sage to say, " Xow, a thing was secretly brought to me and mine ears received a little thereof. . . . Then a spirit passed before my face: the hair of my flesh stood up," &o.; Hut nccromancy or consul tation of the spirits of the dead, together with all the usual unauthorised methods of access to the spirit world was forbidded to God's people. The Holy Spirit had foretold in times posterior to the apostolic, that such spirit communications should he a source of fearful delusion to a!! who did not embrace the truths of God, and walk in His Spirit. The revelations of the Bible professed to have hut one source :—" For the prophecy came not in old times by the will of man; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the lioly Ghost." Prophet.':, apostles, and jesus Christ ever professed to have their communications direct from the. Father of Light. ilow different it was with the professed spiritual communications. There were no fewer than nine theories cnicerning the sources of these communications. Some thought they emanated from a separate order of beings living on this earth, but invisible, and imma terial to ns. Others suppose it to be the lower and more worldly minded classes of spirits that still Hit about earth. He held, however, that there was another class besides all these, legions of malignant spirits uuder the great apostate Satan, who were actuated bv '.nmiiy to G^l, aud envy, rage, and malice towards men. The media of God's revelations were holy angels, and men of meek, pure, prayerful spirit, and holy life. lie shrank from comparing these with the priests and priestcssess' of modern Spritism. Many of them were pantheists, sonc athiests, some fortune-hunting adventurers, aud many sneered at prayers and ridiculed the Holy Ghost aud Christian sanctity. a few of them even thought marriage a mere brittle tie, that was to give place to the attrac ou of stconges- ami spiritual alli'iitics octwncu i'livi(ln:t!s of r,he so.x.-m. Then, v/iiit a contract j- hkUkkIs of (he respective revelation pre jjtc.l. ilo'.v different the dark seance, with ^oPcieHtess's hands held fur hoars in the mate filter's nil alone with locked doors, or the iii t,rouni' the planehette or tabie, from .Moses co"!iic''l,u"t n"'th Ciod, v.-liiie the people %<> a:ui irord?' 'lc:;ir " the trumpet uu-l the v-jioc of Satan, '^e oould more readiiy believe that his tern''' the organs of tha serpent to uUor the s-.viitio»^ or tUat, the devil i. entered into snirit shuto escape " the deep," than that a .\ coaic Iroai tho uaraiUs of Uoi aa3 animate a heart-shaped picce of 1, and scrawl out its meaning by it, or posiself of the arm of a medium to write ma or frivolous communications. The suunedia, and methods of these spirits lookee like the wriggling of the old serpent of trough the thick jungle of his black arts they did the mid-heaven tlights of the (distie angel in the light of divine revelt The i'atitre of these communications were Lily so low; trivial, liud earthly; though and clever, til it they were often indtuiedeeiu fhem the tricks of another Barnumpthod by which Yankee shnipcrism acted unan gullibility, and pleasantly pocketed 'ideu gains. One of that body denied Chfeing God, and asserted that he Mas noteper fict man, that his whole life was tiwith fear, and often manifested an imperfect in God. The rer. genllemr.n concludeimo claiming that God had sent the Com. the Holy Spirit, to be their teacher. Thrhiin there was the only true way of acc the spirit world, lie, in the words of bus, "exhorted them rt.ll, with purpose of , to cleave uutd the Lord." 