A Carnival of Spirits. Tun millions of Spiritualists in the United States (says the Chicago Tribune) find their Mecca just now in a little farm-house which lies seven miles north of Rutland, Vt. lt is the home of William H. and Horatio G. Eddy, and it is haunted with hundreds of ghosts. Colonel Henry S. Olcott has been investigating the phenomena for the New York Daily Graphic, and his letters have been promsely illustrated. The Eddys were tormented with spirits from their birth. Their father, a prosaic farmer, first attempted to cast out the devils by beating and starving the victims. Wien this failed he used his children's spiritual gifts to make money. They gave exhibi- tions. He superintended the show and pocketed the proceeds. The boys and their sisters (since dead) were mobbed, stoned, beaten, burnt, and shot. They were twisted into agonising positions and tied there for hours while the manifestations went cn. When they came home, they would gladly have relinquished their inconve- nient powers, but they could not. It is noteworthy, by the way, that these powers were inherited. Mrs. Eddy, the mother of the boys, was a clairvoyant Her mother had the same faculties. Her great-grandmother was sentenced to death for witchcraft in 1694, but was rescued from Salem Gaol by friends, and secretly sent to Scotland. The children could not go to school, for they were ac- companied thither by rappings that drove the other scholars wild with fear. They have consequently had little educa- tion. They are, and always have been, unpopular. They are sly, gruff, sensitive niejj, Their reputation for integrity is good, but the neighbours think they are in league with the devil. With this preface about themselves, we pass to what they or the spirits around them have done. There have been thousands of manifestations. Very many have consisted only of feats of clairvoyance, moving furniture, and rapping out com- munications. Two great classes of facts remain-the floating in the air of human borflV^and the materialisation of spirit forms. Horatio Eddy, when he was in his seventh year, was one night carried three miles through the air to a neigh- bouring mountain-top and left to go home as he could. Colonel Olcott gives no authority for the story, . which may be founded on a mere case of sleep walking, but lie quotes the testimony of two out of three eye- witnesses to the fact that another brother, now dead, was carried out of a window and over a house. There are hundreds of instances to be given under the second grand division-(lie materialisa- tion of spirits. The ghosts of known and unknown persons have appeared in the house and in the neighbourhood, in darkness and in light. People have talked with them and have felt them. They have been distinctly seen. Colonel Olcott weighed the spirit of an Indian girl, Honta, twice. She stood on Fair- banks' scale and weighed 88 pounds tile first lime and 65 the next. He turned the full force of a powerful battery upon her without producing any apparent effect. Nearly all the phenomena attending the ppearance of " Katie King " in London and in Philadelphia have been repealed in or around the Eddy homestead. Very many persons have witnessed them. Since Colonel Olcott began his investi- gation he has received innumerable letters from all over tlie country asking him to procure information on different points from tlie spirits. Most of the letters, it is needless to add, are very silly. They serve to show, nevertheless, how wide-spread public interest in this subject is. Is spiritualism a cheat or is il true ? There are many, many people who would give a good deal to have this question definitely decided. 