DIARY OF A JOURNEY FROM SOUTHAMPTON TO HONGKONG, VIA NORTH AMERICA AND JAPAN, August and Septembeb, 1873. [The following interesting journal was kept by a lady, the wife of a gentleman holding an official position in c«nnection with the English Government at Hong kong. It describes in a graphic and an interesting manner the incidents of a journey from England to Hongkong in 1873, by way of New York, Chicago, the Salt Lake, San Francisco, and Japan. We believe our readers will be interested in its perusal.] August 6, 1873. North-German Lloyd steamship Weser. — This is Wednesday, and I can hardly believe that only a week yesterday we left Southampton. Hitherto our voyage has been but a dismal affair. When it has not rained furiously, we have been struggling through the -water, against a fierce headwind, all the horizon blotted out with a thicker mist than it was almost possible for me to imagine previously — a mist that permeated every thing, so that one's clothing, the ship's furniture, all was clammy and unpleasant to touch. I was desperately sick too, and even poor Ed. was ill for two or three day3. I think the climax of misery and discomfort was reached on Sunday last. Monday I was better, though the weather, if possible, was worse. Yesterday was terrible, pouring rain almost all day, so that we all wandered about, damp and miserable, like disconsolate ghosts. Towards evening, to our infinite joy, the rain ceased, and about 9 p.m. Ed. lured me on deck, saying that it was really 'not bad.' So up we went, thoroughly shod aud wrapped, up, and after a few vigorous turns up and down, crept into the funny little sort of covered alcove the kind captain had ordered, feebly warbled out the duet of 'Little Dun keld,' and eventually went below, all the better for the mild excitement. This morning 'tis something glorious, the horizon line is as clear and disbinct as possible. Tiny patches of blue are sprinkled here and there over the sky ; : the sea is a deep sapphire color, and our spirits are many degrees higher than they were yesterday. Ed. and I have been striding up and down the deck, and then stood for a long while at the stern, watching our vessel's wake — lovely ; a delicate soft blue, creaming oft into the purest white foam. ' He maketh a path to Bhine after him ; one would think the deep to be hoary ! ' We have also been amusing ourselves with chatting to one of our first-class passengers, a gentleman ! trading ia the wild beast line ! His baggage consists of three young elephants, two lions, two tigers, three leopards, several young llamas, and about two thoussnd birds, chiefly canaries. I waa somewhat appalled to laarn the nature of his luggage, but Ed. comforts me by saying that where they ara confined they would have to eat their way through all the third and second class passengers before they could get to iis. This gentleman, says he supplies all the travelling . menageries in America. His chief customer is Barnum, who has the largest travelling collection in tha world. Animals constantly travelling about thus in collections die much sooner than those animal aristocrats, so to speak, who ' live at home at ease' in Zoological Gardens, consequently their numbers constantly want replenishing ; and as there are but few competitors in such a business, he makes a very good thing of it. So do those who exhibit them ; in deed, he says Barnum is worth £5,000,000 or £6,000,000 (query dollars?) but no doubt this ia a little bit of American brag. Almost all the canaries that he or others sell are reared in the Hartz Mountains. The original birds came from, the Canary Islands, but are never such good singers as their descendants, which, by fcareful intermarriage with larks, nightingales, Ac, &c;, far eclipse their ancestors in vocal powers, while retaining all their beauty of plumage. From these young ones no son? will be heard for some time ; but when they begin they will at once 'break forth into singing,' and repeat the mother fcon.gue. This month begins the season for selling them, and it will continue until May, during which time he sells on the average from 60,000 to 70,000 birds^ 'We have walked to the other end of the ship to see tho various wild creatures ; but all save the elephants were so closety nailed down and! Darred, that our curio-sity was by no means grati fied. The baby elephants had much of the playfulness of childhood (!) about them, making a funny little noise as we spoke to them, and pushing out their baby trunks to be patted. The poor things were quite sea-sick, we hear, during the first few days, while ' the sea wrought and was tempestuous,' and they had every excuse for being so, I'm sure. I forgot to say our wild beast friend says he has agents all over the world, and they penetrate into all sorts of barbarous countries, ' only they don't make the fuss about it that these exploring fellows do.' By next mail he expects a con signment of giraffes from Africa. This is dear old Aunt L.'s birthday, and we have been wishing her every possible good thing. 8th. — We have been down this morn ing to look at the 1,700 little canaries which are fellow-passengers with us — such pretty creatures, each, having a cage to itself, with its little earthen jar for water, and its seed-pan. The twittering, and chirping, and fluttering were quite bewildering at first. Two such consign ments, the same number or larger, go to New York twiceaweek during the season, and two men are employed on each steamer simply to attend to them. Their apartment is over the boiler, so that it is warm enough to remind them of their native groves. I was interested to go through the sleeping places for the steerage passengers — huge shelves or trays, arranged to hold eight, and not looking by any means uncomfortable, only very warm. Large doors divide the compart ment for the women and children from that of the men. This day is not plea sant ; so much wind, and we are neither of us feeling well. We have really had but one fine day since we left, and to morrow we hope to be in New York. There is a good band on board, and some of the passengers are musical ; still we shall be very glad when this first stage of our journey is over. I have finished Dorabgee's sofa cushion to-day, and it looks very handsome. A baby has been born to-day amongst the steerage pas sengers. New York, St. Nicholas Hotel, Broad way, August 11. — Here we are, comfort ably and happily established, I am thank ful to say. We got through the Custom House most pleasantly, and yet we had so dreaded it, for all the passengers . who had visited it previously spoke most strongly of its delays and discomforts. However, a most agreeable man attended to us at once, who gave a very eursory search, taking our word that we had no thing dutiable, and hardly giving us all the information we wanted. Within half an hour, I should think, we were seated in a comfortable carriage, and having sent on our luggage, were driving towards New York, crossing the Hudson on the floating bridge. At first we were not favorably impressed, the streets were horribly uneven, and the houses shabby and dirty. This, however, was the old part, and as soon as we got to the 7iew, a wonderful change was perceptible. The houses are, as a rule, most noble build ings, six or seven stories high, built of brown, or red, or white stones, pricked out in some other color. In many of the streets rows of trees are planted, and these — many of them being acacias — remind us very much of Singapore, especially as a little vehicle is in use, wonderfully like the gharries. Our driver was a very pleasant and com municative man, and gave us a good deal of information. The St. Nicholas is one of the best hotels here, and we find everything in first-rate style. It is enormously large. Our bedroom is No. 250, yet it ia on the first floor. We can go up and down to it in an elevator, and thus avoid the long passages. Our bed room i3 most comfortably furnished, with velvet couches and chairs, hot and cold water taps, &c.; A large jug of water, with lumps of ice, stands all day long in the room. The meats are most luxurious and abundant, and the waiters so pressing in their attentions, that we have really to be careful in exercising a little self-denial. It is so comfortable not to be limited to hours ; for instance, you can have break fast at any time between 6 and 11 ; din ner from 5 to 9, and so on. The dining room, is a majestic place, splendidly furnished, and peopled by a throng of attendants. One of the heads of the establishment stands at the door as you coin© walking down the long hall. With a profound bow he precedes you to a seat, and- there consigns you to the smiling waiter, whose one grand object in life for the time being seems to be to make you overeat yourself. The multiplicity of dishes at all the meals is perfectly bewildering, all are equally good and well-cooked. The pastry con sists of the most ravishing little French dishes possible ; even of bread there are about one dozen varieties. We are de lighted with the abundance of ice — 'tis as plentiful as mud in London streets. We have taken nothing else but iced milk or ; water since we arrived. I have quite forgotten my weakness for beer, and enjoy nothing so much as a long cool draught, with, the delicious lumps of ice bobbing against your lips as you drink. It is a fashion here, and a very pleasant one, to commence breakfast with a dish of fruit, or tomatoes, or cucumber. This morning, as well as yesterday, we had a plate of ripe blackberries, with milk and sugar so nice. Yesterday we visited the Central Park — a place of which the New Yorkers are very proud ; and no wonder. A short time ago it was an uncultivated wilderness, but now it is charming, though too new — a fault that will be cured, yearly. It abounds in wooded hills, large sheets of water, with fountains, boats, and fancy fowl; there are large grassy slopes, groups of statuary, bowen thickly roofed with 'greenery,' and all that heart can wish or eye crave. We came upon a crowd of children enjoying themselves with half-a- dozen large swings in full operation. Two men in uniform stood to lift them up and take them out again. We supposed, of course, it was a speculation of some cute Yankee ; but no, it was one of the amusements of the place, and quite gratuitous. Each child is allowed five minutes., and it was amusing to see the eagerness with which they claimed tke coveted pleasure. The profuse and novel advertisements also interest us. Yesterday we passed one recommending a certain kind of milk punch. It waa a painting of Punch, milk ing a cow, with a merry twinkle in his I eye. Why is it that we see so few dogs I I wonder ? I have only noticed two since I w« arrived, and they were shabby-looking I brutes. Perhaps the tax on them is par- I ticularly heavy. I must enquire. We I are now going out for a walk. 12th. — Really of all kind obliging people, I think I must award the palm to the Americans. The simplest question elicits the fullest reply, and no trouble is spared to give you a little pleasure. After dinner to-night we were wondering why so few were in the dining-room, and then found it was only because the larger one, which holds 300 guests, wa3 quite full. Aa we had no idea that there was a still larger room, an official immediately begged to be allowed to show it to us. A princely apartment it was, too, resplen dent with, all that was handsome and brilliant, yet, with all, in excellent taste. We could quite imagine it to be, as our guide expressed it, ' The finest room in America, I guess.' Seeing us interested, he kindly offered to show us the kitchen department, and to this we gladly as sented. This was truly a sight worth seeing, both for itself and also as a proof of what perfection the Americans have attained in the art of hotel-keeping. As we were told — 'Everything ia systema tised ; the most inferior person em ployed has his own special work to do, and does it without touching upon, another's.' The kitchen was just being put in order after the day's work, and. the burly, white-clad, jolly cooks, looked as if they had had nothing to do all day, so bright and clean were they, and yet they had been feeding over 400 people. This is the slack time of the year-; -in the season they have from 700 to 1,000 daily. We saw the huge engine which is the heart of the great concern, and by which all the cooking is done, and the hot water constantly supplied to every room in the house (of which there are over 700). There was one room in which the crockery ware was washed, and another in which it was kept, ditto with the plate, ditto with the glass. One for the bread (they turned the gas into one of tha ovens that we might see its immense size) ; another for the pastry, the largest being reserved for the meats. Here was the huge roasting-place, and all along the wall large brass cauldrons of various soups, all boiling merrily away (thanks to the untiring engine) in readiness for hungry mouths to-morrow. Then we saw the various sitting-rooms for the ' helps,' one for the men, another for the women, another for the mechanics, of whom quite a staff is kept in constant work. We then crossed the road to the laundry, where all the washing and iron ing of the place is done ; and as every gueat has a clean napkin for every meal, and the cloths are also changed for every meal, it must be something considerable. Here was another busy steam-engine at work, and a crowd of active, happy looking young women, who seemed de lighted to show and explain everything to us. So we saw the machines that rub and wring the linen, and then the large drying-room ; also warmed by the ever busy machine. The ironing-room was a large, light, airy, and most pleasant look ing apartment, and here a knot of girls were busily ironing and chatting. I asked when business was over ? ' Oh, at 6 o'clock, but after that time they are allowed to use the soap and machinery for themselves.' We then again crossed the road and visited the immense store rooms, all kept in the most perfect con ceivable order. In the centre of one stood what looked like a very burlv pump. We found it was the milk-tank— a kind of patent cow that never fails ! Round one storeroom ran a kind of parapet, formed entirely of hundreds and hun dreds of bars of soap — a Bight that would have rejoiced the heart of ' our eldest' as suggestive of inter minable washing days J We then walked through the bar and billiard rooms (containing about 20 tables), and after traversing the long marble hall, the ' elevator' hoisted us up, quickly and noiselessly, to our own floor. And so terminated most pleasantly our little domestic expedition. We are wonder- strack at the number of magnifi cent buildings in New York, Rows and blocks of the most noble mansions meet you at every turn^ and the stores are marvels of size and beauty. Yesterday we visited the two most famous ones in New York— 'Steward's' and 'Tiffany's.' Both of them are like populous thriving towns, nor have we ever seen anything at all to equal them. As buildings they are surely matchless for size and beauty, and their contents ! We are told that Steward has agents all over Europe, and certainly the silks, shawls, laces, &c;, are most exquisite. The building is a hollow square, so that if you stand in the centre, er better still, go up one of the galleries (there are six, one over the other), the coup d' oeil is almost overpowering. Tiffany ia the great New York jeweller, and of course his treasures are too fascinat ing. I felt glad I had no money to spend ou any particular object, for the variety would have been as bewildering as the number of good things on the dinner table. Coming home we strolled through a most bewitching picture store, and there, strange to say, they were then exhibiting the original cartoon of that lovely ' holy family' of Carl Millar's, that J£dmund bought when he was last ia London. But altogether we are charmed with Ne\r York, its people, its stores, ite living, and shall be truly sorry to go to morrow. I forgot to say we also visited the ice rooms of the hotel, and find that one hundred pounds of ice can be bought for 40 cents — less than Jd. per pound. In large quantities it is even cheaper, which accounts for its plentiful use. Albany, August 13. — We have had a charming trip to-day, by steamboat up the Hudson to this place, 343 miles. The views on its banks fully justify the reputation of its beauty ; such wooded heights and beautiful villas. We are very glad that we took the steamer rather than the rail, since our tickets gave us choice of both routeB. The train runs along the bank almost the whole way, but the over hanging trees must hide all the sc&nery; on that side. We passed Washington Irving's house, but it is all but com pletely hidden by foliage, merely a part of the roof and a small white tower being visible. We also pasaed ' Sleepy Hol low,' the scene of ao many of his tales ia the ' Sketchbook.' We saw Sing Sing also, used as a State prison. 14th. — I am writing this in the train aa we go from Albany to Niagara. We have secured places in a drawing-room car, and have a cosy little room to our selves, with velvet, springed cushions, and are very comfortable. At each end of the carriage are little rooms, some fer two, or four, or six persons. The centre 13 one long apartment, with 16 revolving easy chairs in it. There is also a smoking room (where Ed. is now enjoying one of his famous cigara !) and a washing-closet. It is now 4, and we shall be four and a half hours longer, but the travelling is made so comfortable that I don't fancy we shall feel much fatigue. We are booked through from Southampton to Hongkong, and our land journey tickets are as long as your arm, and composed of coupons, one of which is removed at cer tain stages. The agent in New York, Mr. Clarke, was most kind, and gave Ed. a special letter of recommendation, which ensures us every attention. There are various novelties connected with rail way-travelling here which much strikes us. For instance, there is no pretence at railway fences, gates, or other guards. The trains run across roads in the most careless way possible. There is an erec tion like a great gallows, which bears the inscription: 'Bailway Crossing; Look Out for the Cars,' and a bell is tinkled lazily. When the bell swings with a ; ': it--' ;*- in-iK'- ?'Vigor, it is because we are ??''?- Serins jauntily down the high street of V- busy 'little town, whose people are w' -vi-tryiag along on each aide of us, or who just raise their heads to look as we pass, ;ind sometimes do not take even so much notice as this. Either we English are bent upon self-destruction, or our cnrabrous machinery of gates, fences, &c;, is ' wasteful and ridiculous excess.' The names of the places are so droll too. We nave passed tnrouga ooraan xois mum ing and Sharon Springs, also Utica and Borne (where it rained just as it did when we were at the original Borne !) and we dined at Syracuse. The scenery is lovely — such richly-wooded heights and fertile meadows, orchards, and har vest fields. The towns are certainly not attractive. The houses are almost all of wood, prettily built and colored, but popped down jusfc anywhere ; apparently all the architects have been in the same happy state as the Israelites at one time, when ' every man did that which was right in his own eyes,' so one stands with its back or side to the road or to its neighbor, with out any order or regularity. We have passed many large fields of maize, also apple orchards, and several hop plantations ; but there is more pasturage than anything else. Twenty minutes were allowed for dinner, and aa we passed quickly into the dining-rooms, waiters stood at the doors to show us to our places, where the soup was already in the plates. This reminded us of passing through the desert to Alexandria, where, at Zagazig, the same thing was done, even to the nuts and walnuts being already cracked. While eating our soup, bills of fare where put before us, over which we ruminated, and decided what more to order. Ed. had roast lamb, and I roast fowl. The dishes were brought with eight different kinds of vegetables. These, with a cup of tea, a famous dish of vanilla ice-cream, and a handful of peaches, made a capital dinner. The fruit we bore off in our hands to eat in the cars, for we had just washed face and hands, when the conductor called out ' All aboard I' and we had to ' skedaddle.' There is no bell used nor any other warning given but this. August 16, Niagara. — We arrived at this place about 9 p.m. the day before yesterday, and have much enjoyed the many grand sights that now surround us. We are staying at Cataract House, on the America side — a most comfortable place, and where we intend remaining until to morrow. The house is built close to the river, so close, indeed, that the bal cony of the large drawing-room almost overhangs the rapids, and as you stand on it you feel the woodwork quiver with the vibration of the rushing water below. The falls are within five minutes' walk, and we see the clouds of spray constantly rising into the air, and can hear the in cessant roar of the mighty cataracts, just as hundreds of others did hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Before breakfast we took a walk down to the Falls, and, of course, felt overwhelmed with their majestic beatuy. It would be both foolish and presumptuous in me to try and de scribe them ; but oh, how earnestly did we long for some of our dear ones to be with us and enjoy the splendid scenery ! We had quite an exploring day yester day. First we had our carles de visite taken in the open air, with the noble Horseshoe Fall (163 feet high) as a back ground. Then we descended to the foot of the rocks in a queer littleklnd of multiplied arm»shair, and onstopping found ourselves able to get out and scramble about and watch the majestic stream of water as it tumbled over the abyss. We then got into the ferry-boat and were pulled across the river, getting new and even finer views of the two Falls. When we landed we were in Canada, and ascending the banks once more, crossed to our old place by means of the noble suspension bridge. The span of the bridge is 1,190 feet, and its height above the water 190 feet. What a magnificent view one has from it ! — the two mighty Falls with rapids and the Niagara river foaming beneath, the Bridal Veil {Fall in sight, and the wooded heights, between which the angry water struggles along. A line is now being fixed in the same place where Blondin walked over some years ago, for a man who is to perform the same feat next week. After dinner we took acarriage, and made a more complete tour of the Falls. First of all, we again crossed the bridge very slowly to avoid vibration, and then crossed to the Horseshoe Falls. Here we were most urgently pressed to go under the falls, but thought it more prudent to decline. We descended some way down the side, and so got a better conception of the vast mass of water that constantly falls. We saw a rather droll scene here. At certain times during the season just the edge of the fall is so managed that it is diverted by machinery, and the rocks below are bare. Here come men and boys, with great sticks and bogs, to catch innumerable eels, that must be considerably startled to find themselves with their water supply sud denly cut off. It had been done for the first time this season, and most amusing it was, on looking through the little window in the tower, to see about a dozen men and boys actively leaping from rock to rock in pursuit of the quite as active eels, which wriggled and skipped from stone to stone, and as often as not safely reached the water before they were caught. Returning to the carriage we were fortu nate enough to see a railway train just about to cross over the first or old sus pension bridge. This contains a covered way for vehicles and foot-passengers, and above pass the trains. It was really a wonderful sight, for, at the distance at which we were, the bridge looked a mere toy, suspended by threads. Very, very slowly did the carriages ven ture on, one after another, till the whole bridge was filled with them. We could see the passengers crowding at the win dows, and wondered how they liked their apparently perilous position — so many feet hanging in mid-air, and a merciless destructive flood below. However, no accident has yet occurred, so, of course, it is safe enough ; still it makes one quiver to look on from a distance. We had the pleasure of seeing a most splendid rainbow spanning the faU, a perfect arch, and of such brilliant colors, we felt we could never admire it sufficiently. We then drove on to see the rapids of the Whirlpool, which are far finer even than these, the body of water being larger and the channel narrower. So we took a seat in an elevator, that gradually brought us to the foot of the rocks. We there dismounted, and following the pathway, found ourselves face to face, as it were, with this most wonderful body of water, that comes roaring, and dashing, and seething through its rocky bed, and hurries on to form the deadly whirlpool below. The waves dashed against each other in the maddest way, sending up vast clouds of spray, and toying with huge logs of timber as if they were straws. We were disappointed in the whirlporf. It had not that velocity of motion that we expected ; partly I fancy from the circle being such an immense size. Here again we saw huge logs and trunks of dead trees that had been brought down by the current, but they only wheeled lazily round till they reached the centre, when they were sucked in only to re appear upon the margin, and perform the same dismal journey over and over again. A young lady told me that the last time she saw it a horse had been carried into it, and there was the poor carcase appear ing and disappearing till ib was quite sickening to watch it. After supper the band played some beautiful music, and we sat in the verandah to listen. It would be impossible to find a more comfortable hotel than this, everything is so orderly and well managed. The waiters are negroes — good- tempered, grinningfellows. Our chambermaid (!) tells us that his name is Augustus. A mo3t willing servitor he is, who comes vaulting up the stairs when we ring as if the spirit of a flea had passed into him. (To be continued.) 