THE ALARM BELL. IT was a chilly autumnal evening—one of those that partake of the brightness of summer and the bleak sharpness of winter. The sun that had been shining brightly all day without giving the slightest apparent heat, was sinking rapidly in the west, while night, in dark heavy shadows, came glooming out of the east. The trees were all leafless, and their gnaried branches and knotted stems shone out sharply against the cold, grey sky in strange, fantastic shapes.. A keen wind blew in heavy gusts from the north, rushing up the long, • white, country roads, twisting and twirling the dry, fallen leaves before it: now gathering them into heaps, and now scattering them broadcast. It was on such an evening as this that a poor little ragged boy might have been seen plodding his weary way along the northern road in the direction of London, where he was going in hope of obtaining work. He had walked a long way that day, and was footsore and hungry. He looked forward to the coming night with dread, as he knew that he should not be able to procure either food or shelter, for he was utterly penniless. But Jack was a courageous little fellow, so he pushed on, trying to scare away the painful thoughts by humming a tune dear to the village he was born in. As he was passing the gate of a handsome mansion that stood a little way from the road, Jack saw a man seated on a barrow, eating some bread and meat. Jack looked wistfully at the man, and at the bread and meat, and found so much fascination in the latter articles, that he could not help pausing for a moment to examine them more carefully. The gardener, for the man was evidently of that ancient profession, looked so jolly and good-tempered that Jack ventured to ask him how many miles it was to London. " It be more nor fortygood mile, my lad," replied the man. " Are you going there ? " Jack answered in the affirmative. " Have you any friends there?" " No, sir. I have no friends in the world. My mother and father are both dead—so I am going up to London to seek for work." The man seemed to take an interest in i Jack, and, having ascertained that he was very hungry, invited him to sit down on the other handle of the barrow, and gave him a share of the bread and meat. " So you are going to London without a halfpenny?" said the gardener, after Jack had told his history. "Well, I admire your pluck; but I don't think you'll succeed London is a very large place, my lad, and the people are mighty wicked." " Have you ever been to London, sir ? " asked Jaek. " Never," replied the man. " I've never been mote than twenty mile away from this spot. No, no ! I know when I'm well off. My master, Mr. Thornicroft, gives me all I want, and all the riches in London could get me no more." "Is Mr.. Thornicroft the master of that large house ? " asked Jack "To be sure he is. And I'm his gardener —and a better master or servant never lived, although I say it as shouldn't," replied the man. " What is that large bell on the top of that tower?" inquired Jack, at the same time pointing to a large bell that hung on the top of an ivy-grown tower adjoining the hall. " That's the alarm-bell, which we ring in cases of danger—such as fire- You see, this house is a good way from any other, so that, when we ring the bell, all the farm-servants, who live in yonder small cottages, would come to our assistance." " But who could get up there to ring it ? " asked Jack, innocently. " No one goes up there, stupid," replied the man, laughing, "unless it be the bats and the owls in the ivy. The rope runs through every room in -the tower, and comes out by the grand hall, so that anyone can ring the bell. I must go now—it's getting late. Where are you going to sleep, boy ? " "I don't know, sir: I have no money," said Jack. " You can't stop out all night! So follow me, and I'll show you a barn where you can sleep comfortably, and to-morrow Pll speak to master about yon. I want s boy to help me in the garden, and mayhap he will let you come." Jack, with a lightened heart, followed the kind gardener to a barn that stood at some considerable distance from the house.' It was a gloomy-looking place; but to the poorlittle wanderer it seemed teeming with comforts. " It used to be a stable at one time," said the gardener ; " but now we use it to stack hay and straw in, so you will be warm enough: Just undo that bundle and strew it out in that corner. That will do. Now, lie down, while I place some more'trusses round you, to shelter you from the draught." Jack did as he was bidden, and was soon encompassed by a good high wall of straw. Then the gardener wished him good night, and in five minutes afterwards Jack was sound asleep. It was seven o'clock when Jack fell asleep, and for five hours he slept on without bearing anything; but as the large clock at the Hall struck twelve, jack awoke. As he opened his eyes, he was surprised to see a strange light in the barii. He was so struck with amazement that'he could not move, and as he lay in that state he heard the sound of men's voices in low conversation. -.,.- "I tell yer what it is, Tom," said one voice, I don't see how it's to be done." " You're a fool, Bill," replied a grnff voioe. " Old Thornicroft sleeps in a room by the library. It's a fail of his. Well, I know how to open the library window. 'In we gets and goes to old Thornicroft's room, claps a .pistol to his head to keep him quiet, and empty the plate-chest, which is in 'is room. We tabes the lot and off we goes. The thing's as heasy as heasy can be." Jack's blood run cold as he heard -this conersation, the purport of which he could not understand. The villains evidently intended to rob, and, if necessary, murder Mr. Thornicroft. Turning carefully round so as not to make any noise, Jack managed to get in such a position that he could see between two of the trusses of straw the gardener had so kindly and luckily placed around him, and he beheld four rough-looking men seated on the ground round a lantern. They had all evil, ferocious-looking faces, and evidently belonged to the worst class. As .Jack moved he necessarily caused a slight rustling in the straw, at which one of the men started, and exclaimed in a low voice— "What's that?" " What a chicken-hearted fellow you are, Bill!" replied one of the men. " It's only, the rats." "Eats! " returned the.other. "It was too heavy for a rat." " My eye! " said a third. " Too heavy for a rat I You should only live where I do and hear them walking about all night. Why, they sound just like an old fellow in topboots." Jack's heart sunk within him when he heard the above dialogue; and it was with no little feeling of relief that he heard them resume their conversation—Bill having been persuaded that the noise was really caused by rats. " But supposing," said Bill, who was evidently the coward of the party, " but supposing the.servants wake? " " Why, even then,. there are only three men to four." " But the women ? " "Sleep in another part of the house altogether." "But if they should ring the alarm- bell?" , "The first thing we do, when we get into the house, is to -cut the alarm-bell rope close off, so that no one fan reach it. After that, the game's our own ; and if old Thornicroft, his servant, or gardener interferes with me, I don't think they'll say much more afterwards." As the wretch said this, he drew his fingar across his throat in a way that made Jack shudder. For an hour Jack had to remain in this uncomfortable position, afraid to move, and scarcely daring to breathe. The conversation of the four men turned upon crimes they had committed, and so horrified Jack that he nearly fainted. But he knew there was work to be done, and, like a brave little lad, he determined to do it. As the hall clock chimed one, the men extinguished their lantern, and left the barn, carefully closing the door behind them. Jack waited a few minutes, so as to let the robbers get a little way in advance, and then crept from his hiding-place. He had just got his hand upon the latch when the door was slowly opened from without ! Jack retreated, so that, when the door was opened, he was concealed behind it. ,One of the burglars entered softly, searched'on the floor, and, having found a box of matches be had left there in mistake, went after his com panions. By this time Jack was in such a state of nervous excitement that he could scarcely forbear rushing out and trying to reach the hall before the robbers; but, on reflection he knew that to attempt it would be to lose all chance of saving Mr. Thornicroft and the After he had waited a little time, he crept out of the barn. It was a dark stormy night. The wind came in loud tempestuous blasts, and howled among the trees, tearing the dead twigs and smaller branches, and hurling them through the air like feathers. Heavy clouds flew rapidly across the moon, making her light to seem to glide along the fields like the trailing garments of a reckless ghost. Jack hurried on in the direction of the hall, keeping a sharp look ahead for the thieves. Suddenly the moon burst from behind a cloud, and Jack saw the men entering a window in the bail. No sooner had they disappeared than Jack ran forward ; but the window was eight feet from the ground*! How was he to reach it ? He looked about for some way to obtain an entrance to the building, but could not find one. " If I could only ring the alarm-bell," he said, " all would be well." As he spoke a heavy gust of wind rattled among the thick ivy that clad the tower, and in a moment Jack's resolution was taken. Seizing the ivy, he immediately commenced clambering up it. The branches shook beneath his weight, some gave way, shaking the dust and mortar over him, and nearly blinding him. Still Jack- clambered on, feeling for the thickest stems to place his hands and feet on, for he had got so much dust in his eyes that he could not see. He had just placed his foot on one, when it gave way, and he would inevitably have fallen headlong to the ground had. it not been that his foot rested on a stone ledge! He placed it on further, and was startled by the breaking of glass! It was a window] He pushed it violently.- Ifc gave way, and -forcing his way through the ivy that had covered it, he sprang through the casement, and was safe in the tower. He felt about for the rope of the alarmbell, which he knew must run "through this room. As his hands came upon it, he felt it' move. - The buglars were cutting it! In a -moment it was still again. Jack tried it cautiously. There was no one touching it now. So, catching it firmly in his hands, he took a short run, sprang into the air, and the next moment the neighbourhood waB alarmed by the sounds of the alarm-bell. In a few-seconds the house was filled with shouts and cries of people running up and downstairs; still Jack pulled at the rope; the garden jround the house became crowded with farm-servants; still Jack sent forth the the deep note of the alarm-bell, and only gave up when Mr. Thornicroft, followed by the gardener and his other servants, came into the tower to find who it was bed given them such seasonable warning of danger. Jack's story was soon told, and he learned in return that he had only just been in time; for the thieves had got hold of Mr, Thornicroft, and would undoubtedly have killed him, had it not been for the tolling of the :alarm-bell, which" so frightened them that they turned'and*lied, but were captured by ; the farm- servants who bad been summoned by Jack's means. Mr. Thornicroft rewarded Jack for his courage; he sent.him to school, and afterwards placed him in a business, where by honesty and industry he soon -accumulated a fortune ; when he retired into the country, attended by his -early friend the gardener, who served in the capacity of steward. Jack adopted for his crest, an alarm-bell, with the motto, "I warn when there is danger I" 