VANE IN SCKOOLW, At Sandhurst on Friday a Stri+o H i teacher was fined LI withlS gHosts , 1 floggmg a pupil; The faets as stat.d Jf* that pome Tiighly indecent words legarl one ot the iemale teacheis weie wiitten one of the doors of the school, and it i. 011 suspected the complainant and two otfc boys were the blackguaidly young offende® The head master accordingly flogoedtherri y appears to have done it with°co2isider^ earnestness, not, however, out of TOOIJK to the enormity of the offence. The bo teived a couple Of dozen on his hands I f" ;whichvfi-om severe castigation time immemorM, on that part has'beeD° of the if!! & 1 garded as the youthful bump of sensiWnr^!" For domg this the teacher wasimedasstat l 1 The case is not of much importance in it,! lf ' but it involves an important principle and that ground 15 deserving of congelation °h involves the whole question of the proin" t of inflicting corporeal chastisement m seionl This boy was supposed to have committed disgraceful offence, and we must piesmn & that the teacher had at least a raoial conr, tion of the lad's guilt before he undertook t< punish him, The punishment was admitted^ severe but not unduly so,- And: therefore th issues reduces-itself to the simple question f •whether a schoolmaster is entitled to iufl-f , reasonable punishment on offending pupil ' The Sandhurst magistrates seem to thini that such a course is highly unjustifiable fn. they fined this teacher. Their opinion Vil) hardly find endorsement in the minds of th great hulk of the people, and indeed we doulit if they have even taken the right- view 0! the law. It is of the highest importance that discipline should be maintained in the Stat schooL. The children attendmg th^se es 6 tablishments are necessaiily of very mixed characters. : It is impossible to find any eon gregation-of several hundreds of children col" lected indiscriminately together in a free school, without having amongst them, at least a sprinkling of vicious, and even coiTuptea ones., If these are compelled to atteiid school they should also be compelled to conduct themselves propeily while there, and the only way in which this can be' done, is' to entrust the teachers with the power to inflict reasonable punishment m necessary cases, and "the only question for magistrates ever to be called upon to., consider, should be whether -punishment was of a character that could he called " reasonable." There is, m fact, a great deal «f superfine sentiment expressed connection with this subject. There is not one of us who has not received a good sound floggings at school, and most of us have benefited by them. If any of have gone wrong.-it has not been because of punishment at school but m spite of it. Most of us. ou the contrary, feel that those applications of the rod did us good. . Why, then, should be so sensitive as to our children being flogged, so Ion" as the flogging- is,: administered properly. A boy who would commit: such an oSence as that ascribed to the lad at Sandhurst deserves not only an ordinary school teachers flogginc, but such a sound thrashing that whenever hTs fingers itched to indulge m the writing of filth, there would be an. accompanying smart which Would admonish him that whr those out rage common decency must expect to meet with the anger of societ£, as represented by the school master, and a. condign punishment.,..: The fact is, that the c-ane and the' school are inseparable, and there is no reason why the rod should be banished. If it we' there would at once be an end to discipline at school, and teachers would'find it impossible to control, much less to instruct the children. —Herald. The Temperance Keics has the following "Wo have to chronicle a notable event m the history of the temperance cause in Te rang, viz., the opposition to. &ud; a successful opposition to the granting of a publica'ns licence. Bro. . A. P. Atkinsi of die Strang Lodge of L 0. G.T., backed up by a petition, opposed the granting of a publicans's licence to F.' Scown, on the grounds that the house was not wanted, and also that the house was not built in accordance with the "Wints, Beer and Spirit Sale Statute. After hearing both sides, the magistrate decided not to grant the licence on both points, the police magistrate remarking to the applicants solicitor, " that tne Act was framed with tie ;ihtentionof;lessening the number of -publichouses " All honour is due io Bro. Atkias and the Terang friends. A Scotch maiden upon her lover's remarking " I think Pll marry ye, Jean," replied, "Ishould he muckle obleeged to ye if ye would." i. A HEROINE-—Few woman so brave and salf- sacrificing are to be found as Mary Jane Brown, of Maine, U.S.A. The lepoita of distress m the West from the grasshopper plague have so touched her kiudly feeliugs that she has determined to do something for the relief of those who have had their crops : devoured by the insect pest. Mary Jaue, therefore, hi the true spirit of chivalry, common before the present easylivuig anil self- loving generation w<is known, stimulated to great deeds by the reports of distress, offers to fight any woman in America for 103 dol. a-side, the gate- money to go to the grasshopper su fferers. This brave wonmn, living in the State in which Kquor traffic is prohibited, has no sham valor or philsmthropy, although both take a curious turn. Should Mary Jane Brown meet ss opponent-there will be the novel spectacle of two woman blackening each other's eyes and. Scratching each^other's f4ees in the caused of charity and good-will to men. We wonder what the correct fightiSg Weight of Mary Jane {Browne^ean be, and if she has a husband, whether he knows by experienrs her attainments in the " noble art," and is prepared to back her for a good round sum. Ii feheis a single Mary Jaue. h? indeed Mould lie a plucky man who would think of wooing swli a grand heroic woman. To Poxm LIQUID "FIEF, down one's throat in the shape of fiery, adalte< ated, unmedicatcd spirits, is to commit slow suicide VTfceti your flagging energies require to be rat^ forcing, use 'that safest, purest, and — most invigorating <>f stimulants, indorsed hy the njost distinguished chemists, physicians ana clergymen—TJ»0I IPHG , WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AnomTrc bCHNAEM. It is the only spirit- Uous invigorant and corrective which does : not overexcite the brSin. Gxv^Bif is Lifu—DE, BEIGIETS PBOSPHOdvke —Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Dehihtj Kervous and Liver Complaints, "Depression of Spirit?, Hyp°v chondnk. Timidity, Indigestion, Fail are « Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Lassie Want«f Bower, fe.j whosfe' cas^t admit of a ' M — perm^aentcure toy hy the new remeay remedy Ptos|ho- ru^"- dynte ^Ozonic tjxygfen) 1 , wbi^iat once * -ail fmtaiaon and excitement, mparts new Ifffe to enfeebled constitution,. ana taptffiy ever? stage of ^ so beenjaid to 30U® ^tne .Vxiooe. 'vsawa-iuo \ A inereasmg^demand for Dr Bright's PbospMay^rh^M S^feral imitations imder shmewhat sijnilar names; purchasers m3edi^ne,shoiil<l therefore be oaretai v „ observe that.eatih oase heareihe ; ^tamp, with tW wpVds Be Bright^ fw s F 0 ' i '^i^ca^a th^eon, a^d ^ ^same ; Wlsen %he frst^&e; ori^the a^ct^ dissipatehow- ^stwmarfc' 