IiiiTDE more than thirteen years have passed away since the Prince Consort, after u brief illness, died. . In these thirteen years great events have passed— events' which," bad he lived, must have, secured to him mixed feelings of joy and grfcf, . The one thing for which the Prince "Consort will evpr /be "remembered is that:of<the- ; great international exhibitions. That they have done good is an admitted-fact ; but it is equally w« fait accompli that they have not secured' what it was hoped they weuld.brinabout-i- rniiiversal pence/ 'fThe , great exhibition . of; 1851 'was followed by the Crimean war,in -which England; France; ' and Turkey, aided by au Italian contingent, obtained a- crushing' victory river Russia,' arid therond to tlie East 'was kept open for , Great Britain. TheTntornntional Exhibi tion in Paris, in 1857 was. followed by the Italian war, in'Svbich' Itnly, aided by France/ managed .to guiu the Kingdom of .Lombardy. TheTuterhational TSxIiibition in Englnndin 18G2 was in active, nrepara-. tion when the Prince Consort (lied. This was ; followed by thcfirst act of rapacity on the part of Prussia by the torcible. , seizure f , of,,., the provinces of Schleswig arid Hblstcin from Denmark. Seven weeks later a war broke out between Prussia arid Austria by which the latter, was, (bhut, out of. the. German Confederation/ Then came another Ih- ternational, Exhibition in Paris, .to be;< fol lowed by/th'e .Franco-PrussiaUi war. in wbich,'to. tbe.'aurpri8c of the, world, France sustained a defeat uriparalelled in. the 'his- toryi of nations.' ;> . It/ would,- ; : therefore, seem that international exhibitions have, iu this great .1 respect— 1 the obtaiimientj of universal peace — been a: signal failure; and this; consequently, would hftvc been one of the chief causes of grief to the Prince Consort. On .the;other;harid,M orie great event' which/ has occurred .would, lave causedhiin unalloyed 'saiisfaction! A German," 'arid, by the accident of birth, a ruler of a petty principality iiPGernianv. .it .would have come to biinasa great nnd pleasaut fact. Though, from his position, andjby his education he might feel in clined . to .reprobate the, action of. . those 'ardent! German students who thought the ! uriion qf Fatherland could be achieved;' by the breakiug;iepch ,'of ! prisons, /arid/, by' futile demonstrations agaihk. the- powcrs, that be, and which some bf.th'ehi paid for by. long years of .imprisonment. ; Still liis intelligence mrist nave taught liiiri that such a thing was desirable, and a s/we qua toon if Germany was to take .a . great: position in Europe.;.nnd thougb he might have deprecated the action, of Prussia, first, in seizing the Denmark provinces, und; secondly, jn forcing a/jvnr, .with , Aus- tria; yet;!he ,wo'uld '.have remained 'silent, for these things were hut .-.means to. anrimi, Then -when the; deathistruggle came witli the old enemy, France, with the grandson of the mari'who had so many, times huini- liatedtheFatherland/his hcart >yould have beat quick/ the colour deepened in ' his "cheek, and the determination would linvc' settled in his breast that the arms of the Fatherland /should notrjrctqrn 'disgraced. The result of tlie contest would have satisficdithe heart of a German. There is, too,1 a .third point that may be noticed " vhibh> would ,h&.vejgiyeh-.bim pleasure.. "No j '-'man i.withuhb.ytrue/jreelihg8/o.f fatiterj cnuld refrain from'jjoy .at sppiug.Mg chi1--- dren launch- -forth-, Juto«- the ?worldj'rand -themselves become the heads of families. It may be1 said that by the unions his children' have made, England has been united, to -two of the leading, nationf'#? Europe." The Princess Rot ad having married the Crown Prince of Prussia, will, if she live, he the next Empress of Germany. Iie Dukr of .EniNnuRnH has oulyroiCTilyRcricd the Grand Duchess cjlahiajtfie'oniy daughter of the Czar of 'Russj.jXThuugh family relations mny ui be jsufiposcdt'i couut muehwhen.. mliticai combiuations arc being cohmdered/ they,/ it willbc conceded by riveryoQci havc/'snme cight; and it is no j small tluhg thatEngland has become, connected with Gcniiririy nnd Russia. It/rmliy; hc'- snfcly saidthut in tbo thirteen years which have passed since the Prince Consort's death, England has not in any way retro graded in posUioirbr-irifluence ; arid tliat" shc; hasjnercased \'u\ yycaUlrJhcre cannot, bVtVo'bpiiiibus. " —- t-. A CifALLELNQE.— Tho. following Jettcr . was received from Mr 'A."B." Counsel, "of Piper's River, by Matt Higgius, our local.' cuam- piou : — "I will givo- you' one more chance of picking up another 100. . I .take . from you . 4 3 -yds in 100 y(l9/ 4 iuT20/nn(V4 in -150 yds/ tliowihnor/of' 'two/events. to take the moii'oy, i the races all to bo run at -Launceston. If this will moot the approval of >your 'rbackors// accept it through tho Chronicle." Air Matt Higgins replies as follows rrr.VPedestriatism. —In reply to Mr A. B. Counsel's ahnllongo to'rnnjmcfor £100, 'I.bcg tojnform' liim. that I will not givoihiui Bjyds -.start .in/ lOO.iyds, . nor 4 ydsin 120 pr 150 yds.; Any vinan .can be a successful runuer if;he gets a . sufficient , start I I'cunnofc accopt Air . Counsel's: chal lenge on the terms he asks." Seven-earedv Wheat.— We have been shown' some specimens of what is termed . Egyptian wheat, grown'by Alr/Handnloffc, of ;Summerc6tc3, Ross/ -:;It has sovcn/listincfc cnrs.ori cach'stem,' hnd-is said/ to havo ;bcou used in the ceremonies of the'auoient Egypt"- iaris'as an'emblcmoftlio droam .of Pharoah," which; Joseph' Bo'distingiiishod hiinself in un- 1 riddling; -However this may he, thoro is no .doubt of its being oxtreincly prolific' on 'Tas- "riianian soil, and in that respect is worthy the attention of such agriculturists us prefer sovou cars of corn to ono. j Green <Po"nds' HAndioavWo .'aro/ in-/ debtodtoMr Thomas \Yolls, Secretary of the Racing Club Committeo/for' the follow- . ing list of uomiimtious received for tho Green Ponds /Handicap : — Air G. -T.— Law's b U Rocket,.: 5 yrs ; Mr G. T. Law's oh Old Paddy's Xhnd- aged ; -MrW/ 'Rumloy's 'l) li Tttlloyrand/ 'agca'; - Mr .fJ. - Fish's brn' 'm' Colloon Bami, 'aged ; Mr C,' ' G/ Eady 's ' b' -g/ Albion, :;4 yrs /-Mr S. :BlackweU'8 'b g John'1 Pcoi; aged. /'-Weights will bo doolarod ou the - lOtli Alarch. Acceptnnccs"(nccoinpauicd by 1 spy.) on tlio lGth March, , The roinaining. «ov on thp nigh'trif general ontry'/! 7 A lNSUFriciKNTr>Y./STAMI,ED./-Tbo follo\V'- iitg letter was posted insufficiently1 stamped yesterday Thomas Whitakor, r Esq.;, Com- mission Agent," .Howlqrijg/N!3. W./ . /. Fishing Above Bounds/— The > fiyo per: 'sons' whom we incntioned m our.isauo of the:. 25th ult. as having boon summpncd for, a : breach of tlie Salmon Act, appeared yestor- Uay at tho Glcnorbliy'Police'Odurt, a'nd worc' fined 5s.)each; the; costs being- remitted /and. the nrita returned. s:. .y The Wrono AIan!— Iri/Vthe' caso'-ofthc'- girl Isltorwood, which formed 'tlie subject' fif an article: in. oui contemporary ;y csterday,-. ' the approhcrisioii wiis effected by somo otlier ' person tlrnri' Acting.. Sub-Inapectbr/Dbrsott; wlio assurcs.us thrit;hQ.had hoither liandnbr.. part in it.,//'.', i ;/'./f///;!i'. The Late Fiiie. — An inquest was hold1 yesterday afternoon at the Hobart To\vu hotel,' Mncquiu-io-strcct, to inquiro .into; thc; origin of the late firo. on tho promises- of, Mr.-Hedborg and Mr. Burdon, of Argylo- atrcct, but it will be Scon by' our report- in another column, that the usual " open ver dict " was returnud. . . i : Accident at Campbelt, Town.— A cor respondent writing from Campbell Town, on Monday evening, says: — A.serioiiB accident liappcnod on Saturday night lo a man' named William White, who was drinking at Borgon's public .house, when lio foil and - . broke his leg. Ho was foitud by the polico on Sunday - afternoon _ in a . .stable, from which the poor fellow was convoyed to tho Campbell Town Hospital, whet'o, in> tho ab- senco of Dr. Valentino, Mr. Raikor reduced tho fracture aud put tho leg in splints, j Tho nmu is doing well ATdlle. Clau8.— Wo rcniind alMovcrarif music that this talented artiste will appear this evening at the Town-hull, tin-. a; special; concert to be given by tho Philharmonic Society," when /she will favour tho audience with tho following pieces j— -Trio, No. 1 by Haydn, a dnot from r<QS3im'B,c,.\Yillinm Toll," a transcription of " Homo/swoctjiome," and .a1 fantasia from II 'frocatore. ,. Thcso/wo need ' scarcely'ndd, Svill furiiish a? treat of no ordi nary description. , . ; ' Lent Lectures. third of 'tho' scries of Lorit lectures was delivered last nightat St. David's Cathedral by'tlie Lord Bishop of Tas- iriariia. Tho usual evening sorvice was cole- ijrated previous to tho interesting4 arid- in! - structive disquisition on ancient British ec clesiastical history was entered into, arid there ;was a numerous ami attentive congregation preeont. His Lordship ghvd aii outline of all the principal events from the withdrawal of tho Rotnau legions from South Britain, which left it unprotected agaiust the incursions of the Piots and Sc6ts,/t6 tin/mission - of St. Augustiuo underthe auspiocsof PopoGrogory. The various historical references « were ad- . duced to show that an iudepdudcut episcopacy existed in Great Britian all through the period, : froiu'tho first introduction5 of primitive Chris-' tiariity to the tiuiio wlieu Rome was able, by moaris'of hor temporal power, to assert lier Supremacy.. . At, the conclusion of his re marks, whicli did riot'exliuusV tho subject, Hia Lordahin announced that circumBtauccs com pelled him to suspend the sories until that day 1 fortnight, wlieu it would be continued; thoro would, however, bo a sendee next Wednesday ovoning as UBual. ' Drwbnt Saimno Club.— TIioV :uswal monthly mooting of this. club.wns hold at Mr.' Prontis s Duke of York Hotel, Battery Point, lost evening, All. Stowarb,..vico-coininodore, iu the choir. Thoro wero also present Alcssrs. Turner, Whitqhouso,r Guesuon, .-Barnard, WickiiiB, Stewart/ Penny Norman; J. Haylo (treasuror), and J. "Mr Clarko '(secretary). tTIio chairinau presented Air. ,J. Haylo with, "the first prize of £10,- his bbat.feh'c Irls/ haring 'won, tho club sailing race twice out of three times. Mr/Bariiard proposed, arid MrHaylo' seconded, that a prize of :£l from tho club funds, together! trith!a'8Wcep8triko /of '5s., be 'gi ven for a race to bo sailed .on the 20th inst. :This was carried; unanimously,; and it; .was ! tigrcbd that' the usual timo allowance;, of half r ' an inch to the foot bo allowcd/ The gontlo- men1 who acted as.-niquaging committco'cqn-i Bcnted to act-in. the samo capacity- on the oc casion of the for thcomirig raco. ' . Iu relation .to ballast, Mr.'' Wick ins. proposed, ..and Air. Steiyart seconded, .tliat. the rule" with regard to water ballaat .he amended to/read : water- vbqllast or any wood that will float," Buch wood ;to iricot with the'satisfoctiori of 'the com mittee!' With regard to' tliis, it may be men tioned that'tliis'rnlo waa' devised fur the pm!- ; pose' of miccting tho 'wisheB of those who- were ; not always able' to procure kegforwater bal last,! arid as tho'epinioii was geueral that the object £ the fromer /of; the rule regarding water ballast was to-provdnt tho importation of nriy iron' or other heavy substance as ballast iihtoiboats, so that if a boat wore to capsize' it flnnf. the: resolution was unani/ mously agreed to. A vote of- thanks having beeii accorded to the' chairman, and having' been duly responded to, tlie 'mooting closed. ; It was arrarigod tliat as this meeting liad- been1 hold ou Wednesday .mi<l . not on Friday, the'- day 'oh which it is utoally held; that lie other- uicoting takb 'place during'tho month/' ''Bir 'the Road-side!— An":;, aged 'uromim 'named Sarali Ann Smith wot found lyi" in a'state of insensibility on .the. Now rTow.n Road vontcrday. ' Sho was- fortunately1 soon by Dr. Crowthcr, ami ordered . to bo ..re moved to tho 'hospital, whore' she 'wasad- 'mitljed and now remaijtf. T.imar Rsgatta.— Entries, will be re ceived for this regatta, which will come off on .Wednesday next, from eight till a ten o'clock on Monday night, at the eominitloo room, Criterion Hotel, Lannceston. QuEENBoROUori'CEMETEnv. — In our special column will bo fouud a notification froiu-thu QacotibqrougU' Coinotery Cpmpanv , . iii refereiice;to uome'injurio.UH reportsybiph. bayo' bcxsiuiudutjtririii'sly/circulatcil byppr-, Boris' whose pecuniary interest it is to injuro , .thq /company. RThcso reports' loro, |it; fis Stqtotlj 'outircly/withvoub fountlatiori, vas.:fcliQ. ; coiriprtriy /hold/thy ground /under iiv-iicwJ , Crown grant, sigriod byour ldto Govornor Sir Charles Du Cane. For further informa tion wo refor to tho advertisement. ; TuoatAs's Guide. — It is announced in our .'advertising £6Uitniis3thafc tlio'fifthioditioh of "Thomas's Guide between tho,- Maiiilmid arid Tasinaiiiti " will b'o' published siriiultaiicoiisly with tho opening of our railway. It will bo carefully r revised,' '-arid a/now-niopftddod; showing tho tracks of our railways.>v Intho, ,'inearittmo;anyjUscfuVinformati6ri iriTcfo'rerico to the publication may lie addressed to .thooditor,:. No. -75 \Uliaucery/Lano;;AIelv bourao : . .. . RelioIous Services!— Uu Sunday noxt sorvicos will be conducted as usuoh morning arid ovoning, at tlie Baptist Chrip'ol/'Coristi- tutioriHili. f' ./ Queen's ,aavlu3t.-:r-a mooting ' of /tho _ Board, of Guardians was held yesterday when iwcro only twb meiribe'ra'prcsent; the ,Rev. Canon Huilspoth aud the Jlov. P. R. .Hennobry./i Sovoial applicatioiia' woro doalt' .with, :and it transpired tliat no answer had been received' from tho Colonial Sccrotary to ' .the.communication of the Board, -'on the sub ject of filling'up the.vaoahcics iq'that body/, and other matters calculated to promote its officioricy./r tr / / Retujined.' — A'inaii natriod Mooro.who has been missing for'sovoral days, post/ 'wo . arc. inforiucd,rotrirncd to the bosom of ;liis. family/ ;ycsterday..; .v,. More Wife "BRATiNq.-A! foniniq . patient" was tqkon into tlie hospital yesterday suffer ing from a beating. about the faco and. chost, admiiiistorod/nssliostates/byhor husband. Tho woman's name is 'Haztchnrst, and ' licr injuries were so severe hs to qualify hor for iti-door decdmiiiodatiou/ and sho tlicroforo/ rcmaiiis at tho institution.'!//., '/''u/ 1 .. : Railway ' Accident.— "A- named1 Henry Farr, aged 28, ,11106 with an accidentf.it -Cam-. piuiia,' uotweon 3' and' 4 ' o'clock," yesterday' afternoon. Ho waa ifrmng n ltorsc.aiid two -trollies coupled together,' .ricyir tho licad of" tho road, whon tho , onginq started .and tho horse with it. The man was sitting' on the front trqlly and jumped down to.catch, the Jior/e's head, whbn he fell1 vnnd tho-. trollies woro capsized on to him, and ho was dragged with tlienv down to; the fence ? about twenty yards. ; Tho man sustained some scv.oro con-; tusioiis, but there were no bones broken. jj-7'Josn Billings / on" PARTRtria ks7— Tho .partridgo iz also a game bird. -Tlioir game lztow urum/on.a log in' tho; spring ;of the year/and kcop both eyes open; watching the . sporttraon. Partridges aro.shofc on tho wing, and aro az easy tow niiss.az- a ghost iz. It jz phun ouoff tq/Beo/tho/qld bird "ludo.hcr" .yring brood whon "danger iz hear, v, 'Tliis must he reon, it kont- bo,; described,'; /and niako cniiy.l>oddy belcavo'it, Tlib partridgeg, rouse, .ami.plieasRnt.nro cousins, .and. cither oue ov "thorn! straddle' a gridiron /natural- :enuff .'few hav biri'born'tlmro." '-Tako a 'couple bf ymig' partridges and pot them down,, and serve up with tliq right Rind 'ov'- a clionis, and tbey beat tho lmm sandwich; yii buy1 on tliq' Cafn-' .den. arid'' Airiboy' Railroad 874'per ceiit. ,1 Jiaye cat' theso Iqinoritabol .'Nu 'Jersey liam snmUyieh, arid must sa that l prefer a couple' :o£ bass 'wood chips, soaked in'niustard water,' , and stuk1, together witli Spaldirig's gluc. ' 