TOWN TALK. Our usual monthly letter for transmission home will be published on Monday. With reference to the 10 acres of land at South Geelong which the Land Board decided to recommend should be put up for sale by public auction, we learn that it will be sub divided into quarter-acre allotments, at the upset price of £300 per acre. We learn from some gentlemen who re cently paid a visit to Spring Creek that the trees there are being'wantonly destroyed. iso time should be lost in having this locality included in an "ocean park," or all shelter will be gone, and the place spoilt as one of great resort, as few will care about going there in summer if they know they will be unable to obtain protection from the sun. A somewhat strange piece of information is telegraphed from Sydney, It appears that under a special Act the City Council there ran the risk of having to pay a £3000 penalty if they did not get their new Town Hall completed by the 1st January. Xever supposing, we imagine, that the penalty would be enforced, they forgot to have the Act amended. The Town Hall was not finished according to contract time, and now a citizen has entered an action against them to recover the specified sum of £3000. At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Free Public Library, held in the Town Hall last evening, it was resolved that the original night of meeting (Wednesday) be adhered to for six months, as being the most convenient. A letter was read from the Secretary for Lands, intimating that the application of the committee for a Free Library site had been received, and would bo considered by the Hon. the Minister of Lands and Agriculture when reported on by the district surveyor. It was decided to take the necessary steps to have the site in Market-square applied for duly conveyed to the Library trustees. Some routine busi ness having been disposed of, the meeting adjourned. The opinion that funereal pomp should be dispensed with is evidently gaining ground; it is only a matter of time, and that the time is rapidly approaching, when extravagance at funerals will be the exception. Poor people do not like to take the initiative, although they would be the most benefitted by a judi cious reform ; but when we see families like that of the Hon. J. F. Straclian, who are both rich and liberal, dispensing with plumes, mourning coaches, hatbands, and all show, we feel confident that the good example will be followed by others, and gradually become the custom. What with shanghais and the delight boys take in throwing stones, a considerable amount of damage is being done about town, not only in untenanted but also in occupied houses, and even churches do not get off scot free. Several windows in the Ityrie street Presbyterian Church have recently been broken, lumps of good sized road metal having been found inside of the sacred edifice, and yesterday Mr Quinoy called our atten tion to the state of his windows at the rear of his hotel, in nearly everyone of which there were squares of broken glass, evidently the result of shanghai practice. Surely there are some means that can be taken to put a stop to the nuisance; the police cannot do it as boys will not play pranks when they sec a guardian of the peace about, but parents can by confiscating shanghais and punishing their children if they hear of them throwing stones in the streets of the town. If they "spare tho rod and spoil the child " it may probably be their turn next to have their windows smashed and the lives of their family jeopar dised, therefore, for their own sakes, they should adopt the advice again. Victorian children appear to be blessed with wonderful constitutions. How often do we hear of them being lost, exposed to tho elements for nights, . and then found alive and hearty ? Imagine a child of three years and eight months being out during the recent cold damp nights from six o'clock on Tuesday evening until ten o'clock on Thurs day morning, and then found lying at the foot of a tree none the worse for the ex posure." Tliis h'appened this week to a little girl belonging to Mr James Kehery, of Old Lucky Woman's. Owners of dogs will have to beware of the inspector. Formerly the fine regularly inflicted for unregistered dogs was 2s 6'd, with os costs. Yesterday, in a few cases i that came under notice, the Mayor doubled tho usual fine. • The inhabitants of German town, folio' ing the example set by residents in t suburbs of Melbourne, have formed Sparrow Destruction Club, and it behov all who really wish to exterminate antiisan to become members thereof. In a few da they "will be afforded an' opportunity so doing, as Mr M'Gill proposes canvass for subscribers. AVe are glad see so really energetic a man at the head affairs; and we wish him every success, i showing how greatly the nuisance can 1 abated if proper steps were taken, we m; Btate that by simply laying wheat steeped: strychnine about his garden Mr M'Gill killc CS sparrows in two nights. The eccentric action of the macliinery tin regulates Justice's justice was forcibly e cmplified at the Police Court yesterday, respectably attired elderly woman from Chi well sought her legal remedy for an assau of a peculiarly aggravated character. SI was sweeping out the footpath in front of hi door when a cow belonging to a nei"hboi came along tho path, and because she trie to brush it off -with her broom she Wi furiously assailed by a precocious youth an tho wife of the owner. Affront was addc to injury,-for the assailants endeavored fir tq . .ash the cow along".the- footpath,- in.'d fiance of the old lady's endeavors to keep it off, and failing in that, applied the whip to her head and shoulders. The evidence | for the defence was exceedingly tame, and neither extenuated nor disproved satisfac torily the main items in the complaint, which were attested by the statement of an eye-witness whose evidence seemed reliable enough. It was admitted by the defendants that the borough authorities had cautioned tliein about the practice of their cow using the public foot-path.- In the face of this, the bench—after a long consultation in which it was evident the Mayor dissented strongly from his supporters, Messrs Weekes I and Parker—dismissed the summonses. It | only requires a few decisions of this nature to bring our Police Court into contempt. The usual weekly meeting of the Catholic | Young Men's Association was held last even ing in St. Mary's School, the President, Mr P. Wiley, in the chair. Three gentlemen | were nominated for membership, and copies of the syllabus for the ensuing quarter were distributed amongst the members.* It was announced that the rule providing for the infliction of penalties on members absenting themselves from the meetings should be rigidly enforced at the end of the current quarter. Mr Hogan brought under the notice of the meeting the desirability of having a reading room in connection with the library of the association. The Ven ArchdeaconSlattery expressed hisheartyapprovalofthesuggestion, and said he would have much pleasure in giving a room for snch a laudable purpose. Readings and recitations were then given by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, Messrs Kee [ nan, Carroll, Hogan, Purcell, Crolian,Holden, Murphy, and Ryan. The Ven. Arohdeacon Slattery's reading consisted of an extract from the Rev. T. B." Parkinson's reply to Mr Gladstone's pamphlet on the Vatican decrees. The reading was listened to with great at tention. The chairman announced that the business for next evening would be the read ing of the contributions to the Association's Monthly Magazine. It will be seen by onr Melbourne corres pondent's letter that Messrs John Bell, A. Hopkins, J. Sherwin and A. A. Austin all succeeded in obtaining a nomination. yester day for the Victorian Coursing Club Waterloo Cup. An important meeting of the Thompson Ward Separation Committee to consider the papers supplied by the Corporation, respect ing the alleged indebtedness of the ward, &c.;, is.aunoumced to take place on Monday evening. Demiis Deegan, a publican, W3S brought before the bench yesterday and remanded for a week on a charge of stealing £S. He had been arrested on Thursday on a warrant issued at flfe instance of "a runner" named Polan, who alleges that he visited Deegan's house on the 2nd April, and that while he was the worse of drink Deegan forcibly took £11 in notes from him. Of this amount Deegan subsequently refunded £3, and hence the charge. The prosecutor's conduct in the witness-box was of snch an extraordinary character that but little credit could be attached to his evidence. He addressed the bench and inspector of Police in the most familiar manner imaginable, gave a very con fused and hazy account of his transactions and appeared to be in a semi-stupid state from the effects of a long-continued drinking bout. Deegan was admitted to bail, and Folan, his prosecutor, was sent to gaol for 24 hours for contempt of court. We have received a copy of the balance sheet of the Victoria Fire and Marine Insurance Company for the year ending IStli February, 1S75, by which we perceive that the receipts during the twelve months amounted to £106,609 ISs, and, including a balance of £2S,S73 9s 3d brought forward, the balance to the credit of the society on ISth February was £63,200 10s Sd. This is a very satisfactory state of affairs. Tradesmen should be on their guard as we learn that counterfeit half-crowns and florins are being circulated in the suburbs of Mel bourne, and there is no knowing when the coiners may take it into their heads to favor us wifh a visit. A letter recently received from Mr Joseph Hobday, at present residing in Fiji, states that measles are so prevalent in that island among the natives that they are dying off by the hundred. When attacked they refuse to take care of themselves in any way, keep about as long as they can, and if the worst comes to the worst, lay down and die. In the County Court case of Graham v Fowler, an action to recover £10 damages for breach of contract, a verdict was given for the defendant, without costs. The result of the case was accidentally omitted from the report which appeared. Mr Hamill will preach as usual to-morrow in the Temperance Hall. Yesterday the Bellarine Cricket Club sent a team to Leigh Road to try conclusions with the Wabdallah wiclders of the willow, and suffered defeat. Onr correspondent writes— " The Bellarine Club was, undoubtedly, placed in a disadvantageous position through not being able to send their best men. Still they did remarkably well considering the 'local-talent' brought to bear against them. Mr Sinclair acted as generalissimo for the men from 'the onion country,' whilst Mr Longmore officiated in a similar capacity for the wine and wheat producers of the Moora bool. The highest scores for Wabdallah were—-M'Kinnon 37, Jenkins (not the ubi quitous) S, and Longmore 5 ; for Bellarine— Sinclair 9, Willey 7, and one of the great family of Smiths 6. The total scores were-— Bellarine: 1st innings 47, 2nd innings 59; total, 106. Wabdallah: 1st innings 66, 2nd innings, with two -wickets down, 9." The visitors, though disappointed at being beaten, were exceedingly well pleased with the man ner in which they were entertained: " The principal match at cricket to-day will be that between the Corio and Kardinia Clubs, in which both will be strongly repre sented. The Kardinia Park C. C.■■will also play a match with the following, chosen from the Breakwater C. C., viz :—Jane, Hurley, Gliddon, Pettigrew, Hogan, M'Kicol, Wilson. Brearley, Halmshaw, Hardyman, Brearley. Rawbottom, Shelley.-The list of theK,P. C. C. players has already been published.. Gliddon. it would appear, is to play on both sides, lucky fcliow, as his name has been included in both teams.. The following will represent the Kardinia C. C. in the match with the Corioj viz:—J. Birdsey (capt.), Veitch, Eden, Jones, Watt, Woollard, Leary, Woollard,; Armour, Crohan, M'Sweeney, ICoenan, and Steedman. Phillip Phillips, the world-renowned ex ponent of Sunday School and Church hymn music, is announced to .visit Geelong on Monday week, April 26th. His committee in Melbourne have accepted an application from Geelong for three evenings, which, it is understood, must be the extent of his engage ment here, other localities having to be con sidered also. Full particulars arc promised in a few (lays. Our contemporaries in' various parts of the colony report that a very brilliant: meteor was seen at about twenty minutes past 12 o'clock on Wednesday morning, when it burst with a cracking noise, emitting several large balls of fire of different colors, like a rocket, illuminating the face of the earth for almost a minute as though a full moon was slinung. Thc P/eosant Creek New* gives the followmg description of it:—"The largest meteor ever recorded as making itself ap parent in the southern hemisphere sailed slowly across the heavens, from a point about south-west to a little to tlie north of cast having a southern declination in its passage! Ihe meteor, when at its best, gave quite much light as the moon when in its secc quarter, and from its nebulous head to 1 extremity of its train, was fully 25 or degrees long. Its' head was at first abi one-quarter the size of the moon, but sub quently separated into two or three parts, each larger and more lustrous than the planet Venus at its best. It was ot a bluish-white in color, and gave out a train of phosphores cent sparks of a reddish color. It was certainly the most remarkable phenomenon it has ever been our lot to record, and was visible fully a conple of minutes." The Smythesdale correspondent of the Star writes as follows about it:—About midnight on Wednesday, 14th instant,- one of the brightest meteors ever seen in this locality fell, apparently, near the town. It was observed to rise from the west of Frazer's BUI, and travelling in an arc came Immediately over the town, when it burst with an explosion resembling that of a cannon, and sent forth several halls of intensely bright blue fire. The noise of the explosion was so great that several per ; sons were awoke from their sleep." 'A cor respondent, writing from Linton, saw the meteor "slowly .emitting fire like several blacksmiths' fires hut of different colors. It disappcared in -the east... A-few minutes, elapsed, then a low rumbling noise similar, to an earthquake was heard in the north west." It was also seen, as we learn from a. correspondent, by persons residing at Lara. Our correspondent furnishes us with a de scription of it similar to that already pub lished, and a telegram states' that what is believed to be a portion of it has been found at Smythesdale. In our yesterday's issue,.for the guidance of those who proposed to pay the Fakir of Oolu a visit, we published a brief description, of his wonderful illusion, entitled Aneotos, but we were little prepared to witness such' a startling scene that he presented.. to • 'a crowded hall, last evening. The " be-. headed conspirator" is undoubtedly one of ■ the greatest illusions we' ever witnessed, . and must be seen to he understood. Lying on the floor is the body of the poor wretch, who, for joining in.n conspiracy against a. Grand Duke, is made, to' suffer the''greatest penalty that man can inflict—death by thd/G| hands of the public executioner. On a tray, far out of - his reach, attached to four chains swinging to and fro, is the scheming head that brought him. witnin. reach of the law. Lime lights casting a reflection upon his countenance, give it a ghastly, even hor-' rible appearance, and so far as the most keen sighted is able to see, there is no connection between it and the body. The spectator can see right underneath the suspended tray—at any rate, he thinks so ; in fact, hut for knowing that his sight is being cheated, any man would be prepared to voucb that it. is really the head of a dead man,, and the head alone, that he is looking at. > When - called upon to disclose the. names of his fellow conspirators the face undergoes many: painful changes. There-is an evident desire ' to keep secret the knowledge gained in life, but the power of the alchemist, carries everything before it,:' and in sepulchral, tones the whole of the con spiracy is exposed. To, sum up, "It is wonderful," and as this will he the last night on which it will be produced in Geelong wo recommend those who were, unable to pa tronise the Fakir to go, see, and judge for themselves. It may be added that Dr Sil vester is thepatenteeofthe "ghost" mystery, in proof whereof he yesterday showed us the patentee papers granted him in England in connection therewith. We mention this as he lias been accused of using Professor, Pep per's illusions. As usual, the entertainment concluded with the beautifully illuminated fountain, which is also one of the Fakir's in ventions, he having been granted a patent for it in May 1SG4. > From the Courier, we learn that the fol lowing singular fact, showing the necessity, for railway reform, was mentioned by Mr Martin at the meeting of the Eailway Eefonn Association in the City Hall on Thursday night. A short time since, a person in Bal larat wishing to send 30 cwt of oats to Gee long, enquiring the rate at the railway station, was informed that the carriage for that quantity would he at the rate of 23s flip per ton; but that, if he sent two tons, it would be at tbe rate of iOs - Gil per ton. He expostulated with the station-master, but the latter insisted that those were the charges per goods tariff, and he was hound by his orders, ■ After thinking the matter over, the owner of the oats hit upon the happy expe dient of filling some hags with sand or gravel to make up the two tons, which ho did, and so got his oats and sand away at a consider able Baving upon the transaction by paying carriage at the lower rate. ' One argument for railway extension is that it brings localities into closer connection with each other and communication quicker, yet the experience here does not altogether favor the idea. Prior to the railway being opened from Ballarat to Ararat, when King Cobb ruled the road, letters posted in Geelong at 5.30 p.m. reached Stawell the next morning. How that Stawell is within .IS miles of the railway, letters posted here one evening does not. reach Stawell till ,tlie .next evening, which causes great inconvenience to mer chants and traders. We think some means could be adopted to place tbe postal arrange ments on as good a footing, if not better, than before. Surely the matter only re quires to be brought' under the attention of the Minister to he rectified. On the 7th instant a woman was killed at Brisbane through falling on a jug. -It would appear from the evidence given at the inquest that she went to fetch the supper beer, being perfectly sober, when she tripped on a stone, and she fell with^the- jug under her neck, inflicting a wound that caused her death. ' \ By the. steamship Otago, which arrived early on Friday, morning, we have How Zea land intelligence to the 10th inst. The most striking item of intelligence is the death of Judge Gray, better known as Mh; Wilson Gray, who occupied a prominent position in Victorian politics some years ago. He died at Lauience, Otago, on4th inst." His death was considered a public loss, and cast 'quite a gloom over Lunedin. Mr Wilson Gray arrived in Dunctlin in 1S62,: remained 'two years on the barristers' roll of the Supreme Court, and then accepted office as district judge. He'.-was universally respected,' and died without" leaving "an enemy. His f liberal was unprecedently large. It is estimated that 7000 people were present. The super intendent, Sir J. Bichardson, Chief Justice Prendergast, and Judges Chapman and Ward, and a number of members of Parlia ment were present All the religious de nominations sent representatives to. the funeral, Bishop Monin and his vicar attend ing in person. 