BERTHA SHELLEY. The Lily of the Hunter Valley! [An Australian Story of Forty Years Ago.] By WILLIAM AUBREY BURNAGE. CHAPTER XXXIII.—(Continued. ) Percy Sinclair's drooping spirits rose at Bow's words, and his eyes flashed at the pros- pect of another attack upon Field Place. 'Welcome even life itself, if it remain with a chance of serving her!' he mentally ex- claimed. 'Better, far better to lose it in her defence, than to die here for no greater pur- pose than the sport of a herd of brutal men!' He was now thoroughly reconciled to the idea of turning bushranger, or anything else that would preserve his life until he could rescue her from the anticipated danger. Leaving Percy to his thoughts, Bow returned to the fire, and applied himself vigorously to fan- ning the dying embers with his hat, as Jen- nings returned with the water for the tea. In a few minutes Darby came back leading the grey colt. 'He's mine then, Bow?' he said, patting the horse's arched and glossy neck. 'You take my roan filly, and I take this cove. It's a fair swop. You're witness, Jennings. Come, shake hands, Bow!' Hands were duly shaken in presence of the witness, Jennings; and the bargain concluded. 'I say, Darby, on second thought I fancy you might free that poor beggar there now!' said Bow, pointing over his shoulder to where Percy lay bound. 'By-the-by, Darby, I never thought to tell you before. He's the young feller, that devil Clayton run me and you to swear against at York. You recollect the young feller that got lagged for forging a cheque?' 'Young Sinclair of Elmsdale? Yes, I re- collect him right enough! That's him, is it?' 'Yes, Darby, that's him! And as it was owing to me and you, that he got lagged, we oughter to be easy with him.' 'I haven't no faith in them white- livered coves, Bow, as is afraid to wink for fear of the ten commandments. Howsomever, we'll try him for a while. Slip his cords off now, and let's see about supper.' Bow obeyed the order with alacity, and whispered, as he was untying the green hide thongs, from Percy's wrists. 'Don't say anything to offend that vagabond, Darby, sir. For the sake of the young lady it'll be best to keep sweet with him. Here's a slip of paper and a pencil, if you've any message for her, watch your chance and write it, and then give it, to me. I'll manage to give it to the blackboy up the gum tree, and he'll get away back when it is dark.' Percy was liberated, and admitted into the honorable brotherhood of foresters. The scene around the fire as the deepening dusk gave place to the silver radiance of moonlight, was singularly wild and grotesque. The bright flames of the huge pile of blazing logs shed a ruddy light upon the ferocious and bronzed features of the outlaws, presenting a picture that a slight stretch of imagination might easily have transformed into a scene among the farfamed, banditte infested Appenines. The bushrangers sat by their fire long after they had taken supper, "yarning" of their various adventures in the past, or laying plans for the future, and occasionally diversifying their "yarns" by anecdotes of different "gangs," who had long kept the country in terror till shot, or captured and hung. With their nat- ural inquisitiveness, the outlaws demanded to hear Percy's and Bow's history. Percy was about to peremptorily refuse, when Bow interrupted by volunteering to relate what he knew of both; and in his quaint and amusing way he detailed the part of his own and Percy's lives, which were so inseparably as- sociated, not omitting to explain Darby Greg- son's share of the villainous plot, by means of which Percy had been transported. During Bow's story, Darby watched Percy closely, and when Bow was relating what he had heard of the attack of the bushrangers upon Field Place, Darby interrupted him by exclaiming, with a coarse laugh, 'You must have been awful sweet on that little beauty, Bertha, Sin- clair! She was to have fallen to Nat Bryant's share, if that, she-devil of a mother of hers hadn't stuck a knife into him, and carried her off. But when we get hands on her again, and we shall before the turn of the moon, I'll make her my wife without either priest or parson. There no man, woman, nor devil shall take her away from me, when once I get my hands on her.' Percy had to exercise great self-control to keep from striking the outlaw dead at his feet. In all probability he would have done so, and provoked the vengeance of the remaining bush- rangers, had not Bow forcibly held him down, and whispered, 'If you'd save the young lady, you must be there, when the attack the homestead; and you can't you know, if you offend these devils!' Percy saw the necessity of forbearance, and biting his lips remained silent. 'Well, let's turn in mates!' proposed Darby. 'We've had a long run to-day; and we've a long journey before us in the morn- ing.' 'One of us'll have to watch the horses capt'n, or they'll slip their cables,' suggested the ex-sailor. 'You're right mate,' replied Jennings, 'and it's your turn now. You haven't had a watch for a week.' 'I'll take the first watch, Darby!' said Bow, stooping down to light his pipe at a smouldering branch. 'I've had a long sleep this eveniug, so a watch or two won't hurt me.' Darby and his gang readily consented to Bow being sentinel; and rolling themselves in their blankets were soon snoring in con- cert. Percy and Bow lay apart, each occu- pied with his own thoughts; and poor Jerry from the elevation of the topmost branch of the gum tree, watched the camp scene with mingled feelings of exultation and regret—the former sentiment occasioned by the kick he had administered upon Darby in escaping the latter by his inability to join in the attack upon good things he had seen spread so temptingly before him. A couple of tedious hours rolled by; and all being so silent and still, Jerry thought that the decisive moment for escape had ar- rived. 'Now me go along back murray make haste,' he said to himself as he stretched out his cramped limbs, 'Dat grey colt can gallop like it lightning! Bale dat bush- ranger horse can catch him!' Full of the project for escape, he had narrowly watched the movements of the famous grey, and knew just where he was grazing; and slowly clam- bering down the tree he reached its base with- out accident, and laying himself prone upon the damp grass he crawled along noiselessly till he reached the cover of a large tree, and then, rising to his feet and keeping the tree between himself and the camp, walked, briskly to the waterhole by the side of which the horses were grazing. Being all well, used to "camp," the horses permitted Jerry to ap- proach without their moving, and he was about to place his hand upon the silvery mane, of the grey, when he received a fright great enough to excuse him for the incautious ex- clamation of terror he gave utterance to. 'Hold your tongue, you little fool, or I'll pull it out of you!' growled Bow impatiently from the other side of the horse. Jerry breathed more freely when he found who his mysterious neighbour was. 'My word, you make me too much murry frighten, altother Misser Bow! What for you do like a dat?' muttered Jerry, his knees knocking together in his very fright. 'You take this note and give it to Miss, what's-her-name and tell her that Bow'll stick, to Mr. Sinclair, through thick and thin; so he needn't have no fears about him,' said Bow, Jerry took the note; and, before he could reply, Bow had vanished into the shadow of a thicket, and was cautiously hurrying back to his post at the fire. 'Hollo, Bow!' said Darby, as he took his place by the fire, 'What's up?' 'Didn't you hear the bells just now?' asked Bow evasively. 'No; I've only just woke. Was anything wrong with the horses!' 'No, I don't think so, Darby; they were frightened at a curlew, that was screeching down the ridge.' 'Well, goodnight! I'm too jolly tired to stop yarning now,' saying which, Darby turned over, and relapsed again into the sleep of excessive fatigue. paniment!' 'I'd better wait a bit, till he's off sound,' said Bow to himself, and after heaping a few logs upon the waning fire, he laid down to wait patiently for that consummation. Jerry found that the grey was bridled He was just about to mount, when an idea suddenly struck him, and hurriedly hitching the bridle to the branch of a tree, he caught the remaining horses in succession, and un- hobbled them. 'Ha, ha!' he chuckled, 'Dat bushranger won't catch him horse, too much murry quick now! Dat gallop away by and by!' The horses, however, grazed quietly around, not seeming at all to appreciate the blessings of liberty, just conferred upon them and Jerry, disgusted and disap- pointed, mounted the grey, declaring, as he did so, that he would never unhobble them again. Astride the grey, he drummed its sides with his heals, and in a few minutes the hollow thud, its retreating hoofs upon the green sward was heard far down the slope. Bow anxiously watched the outlaws around, fearful lest their accustomed ears should catch the tell- tale sound. They were too sound asleep, how- ever, to be aroused by the sound, and after waiting until the last echo had died away, Bow noiselessly approached Percy's side, 'I gave the black boy the note,' he whispered, 'I saw him slipping down the gum, and guessing what he was up to, I took a bridle and met him at the horses. He'll be back to the station by to-morrow night.' 'The poor boy had a narrow escupe. You told him to give the note to Miss Shelley,' said Percy in the same tone. 'I forgot the name, sir, but he'll give it to the young lady, never fear. He knows as well as I do, who it's for. It won't do for that suspicious vagabond Darby to wake up and find us talking so I'll just tell you one thing, sir, before I go, a thing you must remember— whatever they may say about robbing any of the stations, don't say a word agin it. You must pretend you're on for anything. Look, there is the chap they call Sam, moving, so we'd better separate! Good night, sir!' 'Good night Bow, and may heaven bless your disinterested faithfulness!' returned Percy, gratefully pressing his hand, Bow crept back to the fire, and prepared to while away the rest of the night by carving the handle of a tomahawk, he picked up by Dar- by's side. Bow had recently examined with great interest a stockwhip handle, which one of his acquaintances had carved with great skill; and although he had never learned the names of the letters he observed upon the handle, he felt ambitions of reproducing them from memory, and set to work with great diligence to do so. He had promised to call Percy at midnight to take his place; but he was determined to watch the whole night himself, that Darby could on the morrow have no opportunity of blaming Percy for Jerry's escape with the gray colt; and so he sat hour after hour patiently cutting away at his task. Percy lay for hours in a bitter reverie, think- ing of his wretched past, and future; too ut- terly hopeless for him to have heart to plan for its amelioration—his prospect in life was indeed gloomy: To remain free was to starve, or join in robbery: To be captured, death. In each instance he was separated for ever from those he loved. Food enongh in that for his aching brain to ruminate upon till it was fed with misery almost to bursting. A little before daylight he dozed off for a few minutes leaving the indefugitable Bow still bent over the tomahawk handle, carving away with all his might. Three weeks passed away as swiftly as though "Old Time" was too much occupied with his own affairs, to pause to heed human misery. The gang were still hovering about the settlements upon the Hunter River, the captain undecided in his movements in conse- quence of the vigilant attitude of the police. With the exception of the robbery of a dray loaded with provisions the gang had done no- thing, Darby waiting for the watchfulness of the police to abate through the sense of security, that would be sure to succeed, if the gang kept out of sight for a time. Jerry's es- cape with the Police Magistrate's horse had given the clue to the movements of the fugi- tives! and the blackboy's report of the pres- ence of the notorious Darby gave the local authorities increased motive for putting forth extraordinary exertion to take the whole gang. A large body of mounted police was collected at a camp between the villages or 'townships' of Newcastle and Maitland, ready to move in any direction danger might threaten. Bertha watched with dismay the preparations proceed- ing for the capture of the bushrangers. Percy's brief note, had filled her gentle heart with a now dread. He wrote that as the bushrangers meditated attacking the stations upon the river, he would remain with them, that he might be by to save her if Field Place was molested. 'And they will find him with the bushrangers, and punish him—hang him!' was the burden of her thoughts day and night. She had consoled herself for the mis- fortune of his escape from jail at such an un- fortunate juncture, by the hope that he would escape from the colony, and thus get free alto- gether. But this vain hope was now com- pletely dissipated. By his determination to protect her he was rushing into the arms of capture and death; she thus again being the direct cause of his ruin. Hubert Clayton viewed the preparations with a very different eye. As they grew more and more complete his spirits rose higher, and he took no pains to conceal his satisfaction. He did not go near Field Place, but he heard from others the fact of Percy Sinclair having joined the bush- rangers; and on meeting Mr. Shelley one morning in Maitlaud, he asked, triumphantly. 'Can you believe in Sinclair's innocence after this new move of his, or give credence to the wild stories Miss Shelley has been im- posed upon with? A man who can turn bushranger, and join such notorious ruffians as Darby Gregsou, is quite capable of even blacker crimes than forgery. No, sir, take my word for it, you may consider yourself fortunate in so easily getting rid of a cut- throat in disguise!' 'I have yet to learn, Mr. Clayton, that Mr. Sinclair is a cut-throat!' Mr. Shelley replied, haughtily. He felt a strong inclination to knock the scoundrel down, who had not decency enough to conceal his exultation at the fugitive's misfortunes; but restraining himself, he continued, sarcastically, 'I judge every one as I find him, and contrasting you with Mr. Sinclair I can assure you the com- parison is very much to your disadvantage,' saying which Mr. Shelley passed on, leaving Mr. Clayton standing white with passion at the uumistakeable scorn with which he had been treated. At the moment two rough- looking men approached. They were ticket-of- leave men, who had volunteered to assist in rooting out the nest of outlaws, that the pub- lic mind felt was forming among the moun- tains. 'You both understand the compact? If you shoot him dead when we come upon the gang, I shall advise the Governor to grant you both a free pardon. No winging mind! It must be a dead shot, or yon don't earn the recommendation.' 'All right, captain, we're on! He's as dead as his grandfather's ghost, if we only set eyes on him,' replied one of his accomplices. 'When d'we start, yer honor? Be the piper that played the Rogue's march, when St. Pat- rick was kicking the varmant outer old Ire- and, I'll knock him into a coffin as nate as you plase, if I can only get inside o' a wink o' him!' 'The day after to-morrow, Tony. You'll get your orders from Bartell. There's to be a desperate effort to take the whole gang; but you know your especial mark. Good-bye, now. I'll see you to-morrow night,' replied Clayton, as he mounted his horse. The atrocities, that had recently been com- mitted by the notoiious Darby Gregson on the other side of the range, roused the whole pop- ulation of the Hunter to exert themselves to take him, dead or alive; and taking advantage of the general excitement Clayton was plan- ning to have his new associate, Percy Sinclair murdered under the cover of justifiable homi- cide. The plot was deep, and well laid. In the struggle when the bushrangers were at- tacked, what was easier than to shoot him down ? Bertha waited with great excitement for the issue of the meditated attack upon the bush- rangers, and her anxiety was participated in by Anne, and indeed by all at Field Place, for the unfortunate Percy was a general favorite And while his friends were bewailing for the great danger of capture or death at the hands of the police, Percy was being exposed to even more terrible and urgent peril from his new companions. To be Continued. 