HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, October 12. The SFEiKEB took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. WIGLEY presented a petition from 106 residents of Narracoorte, Kincrai& and vicinity, praying that the Narracoorte site of Laccpede Bay and Narracoorte Bail way might be altered. deceived and read. UEUT. GOALEN'S SURVEY OF, PORT The Hon. A.BLYTH asked when the chart of Iieut Goalen's survey of Port Adelaide— which had been supplied to other persjna in the com munity—would be laid before members of the House. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon, J. P. Boucaut) believed it had been laid on the table. The SPEAKER said it had been ordered to be lithographed, but the oih'cer incharge of the litho graphing had not jel gent copies to the House. Such delays were frequent, but the officers of the House bad no power in the matter. The CUMMlSSlOJiEK of CKOlTtf 1ASUS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said that a considerable sum would be placed upon the Supplementary Esti mates, with a view of preventing complaints ia the future. If it was found on enquiry that any officer was nealigent in complying with the orders of the House ha would be informed that he mat be more prompt. INTERCOLONIAL STOCK REGULATIONS. Mr. INGLEBY asked whether the Governmen intended during the recess to commmrcste with the Government of Victoria with a view to re moving the restrictions upon stock crossing the Border. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said that in some respects the matter waa before the Government If the hon. member would give him a memorandum he would make enquiry. Mr. INGLEBY made enquiry before, but rs there was some fear in Melbourne at the time of scab, a fear which had proved unfounded— he aid not pursue the matter. THE GOVEKNMENT POLICY. Mr, WIGLEY asked whether the action of the Legislative Council in thr -wing out the Stamp Bill would prejudicially affect the policy of the Govern ment in respect to future immigration, and if so, to what extent. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANL-- (Hon, J. P. Boucaut) said the sum voted by the House for immigration would, so far as was aaf e and judicious, be voted for that purpose, Oi course he would have to exercise great caw ami consideration in reference to the immigrants imported if the railways were not made, LANDING OF THE MAILS AT GLENELG. Mr. BO WEB asked whether the Government would make arrangements wicb. the P. & .0. Company for the transhipment of the English, mails at the Semaphore when circumstances pre vented the work being done at tilenelg, as waa the case the other day. The COMMISSIONEB ofjOBOWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said the Victorian Govern ment and the P. & O. Company would have to be considered- (Bear, hear)-and he could give no piecise promise in the matter. He was, however, carefully looking into the question of landing the mails at Glenelg, and he hoped some arrangements wculd be made for landing and embarking the mails at Glenelg more securely and safely for the future. THE WASTE LANDS BILL. Mr. NOCK asked whether it was the intention of the Government to bring in the Waste Lands Bill again next session wit ban honest intention to pass it-(langhter)-and if so whether they would intro duce it m its present form. The SPEAKER did not think it would be in order or quite in accordance with propriety to use the words 'honest intention.1' Mr. NOCK-I will strike that out The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said the Land Bill was in troduced with a very honest intention to pass it this session. (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') He could only Eay 'sufficient for the day is the evil thereof,' and be would be sorry to make any promise for the luture. MINERAL LEASES BILL. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut), in giving notice of motion for leave to introduce a Bill to amend the law rkating to gold-mining leases, said he would have introduced the Bill that day, but a deputation had the previous day waited upon the Surveyor-General and made some suggestions which had to be considered. ROAD NEAR BROMPTON. Mr. COG1AN asked whether the Government would provide for levelling and macadamizing a piece of road adjacent to Brompton. The TREASURER (Hon. J. Ooltcn). in the absence of the Commissioner of Public Works, said he did not think the matter had been brought before bis colleague. If this was a matter of necessity, as it appeared to be from what the hon. member had told him, the Government would certainly do the work. COOLIE IMMIGRATION. Mr. BRAY asked whether the Government had received any communication from Mr. W. J. Da- in reference to the introduction of coolies; and, if eo, whether they had given any reply. ? The MUS1STER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) said that the Government, as represented by two of his pre decessors, bad received letters from Mr. Day, which he had found in his office. He had received a letter addressed to him individually, which he did not think it worth while to reply to. PRINTING PAPERS. Mr. CARB moved that papers laid on the table by the Commissioner of Crown Lands in reference to land held by pastoral lessees be printed. Carried. RABBIT BILL. Returned from the Legislative Council with amendments, which were ordered to be printed and taken into consideration neit day. JOINT STANDING ORDER. The joint Standing Order passed by the House was returned from the Legislative Council in an amended form. The amendment was agreed to. PRINTING PETITION. Mr. HAWKER moved 'That Petition No. 66, presented on October 7, from the District Council or Penola, be printed.' Carried, PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of CHOWS LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) moved— 'That it be an Order of this House that all papers and other documents ordered by the House during this session, if not prepared by the responsible Minister from whom they may be required prior to the prorogation, be completed as soon after such prorogation as may be, and for warded to the Speaker in print ; - and that it be an instruction to the Uierk of the House to aauseBudi papers and other documents t - be seut to members and bound with the Voces and Proceedings in the same manner as if the same ha i been laid on the table during the bession of the House.' The Hon. A. BLYTH hoped the Government would endeavor to supply all papers which could possibly be produced before the prorogation. A return bad beeu ordered in refeieace to the salaries of officers paid out of loans which he thought might have been laid on the table. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) would endeavour to meet tlie hon. member's wishes, but he must ask the indul gecc: of the House with regard to several Govern ment officers who were very hard worked, especially the Engineer-in Chief. Ihe Chief Clerk in hi* (Mr. Boucaut's) office had been engaged for three weeks in the preparation of the return which hwi just betn ordered to be printed on the motion of Mr. Carr. CLAIMANTS' BELIEF BILL. No. 2. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut), for the Attobxet-Gexkbal (Hon. S. J. Way) moved— 'That be have leave to introduce * A Bill for an Act (or making better provision for enforcing claims against the Crown.' ' . . This Bill was to be introduced in consequence of aprcmisetoMr. Play ford, who had a somewhat similar measure upon the Piper which did not in sorre points meet with the approbation of the Attorney- General. His hon. colleague desired to acknowledge the courtesy shown by Mr. Playford in allowing his Bill to remain in abeyance. Mr. BRAY suggested that it would be well for the Government to avail themselves of the Bill upon the table. He asked whether it was in order for two Bills upon the same subject to be intro duced in the same session. Ihe SPEAKER said that it was frequently the case in the House of Commons, and the Bills were numbered one and two. Carried. The Bill was laid on the table and read a first time. The eecond reading was made an Order of the Day for next day. PAPERS AND PLANS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAXDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaul) laid on the table Plan showing various railway routes to |the Murray. To be lithographed. , Return of tonnage of goods inwards and Return showing names of persons allowed com monage licences during 1675-6'. LAND PARTITION BILL. ThedCOMMfesi0NER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) moved the third tea ling of Mr. LIND8AY opposed the Bill because he believed by increasing the power of the Equity Court as proposed it would have a most mischievous effect It was said that the Bill would facilitate and cheapen suits for the partition of land by allowing the land to be sold instead of being divided at the discretion of Uie Judge on the application of any one person, so that upon the application of any one child who was interested in property the sub ject of partition the Judge might, notwithstanding the dissent or disability of any of the others inte rested in the land, direct a S3le of the property accordingly, and mi|i ht give all necessary or proper consequential directions. Now, he did not think it was desirable that we should fallow the example of England, and allow land to be accumulated in large blocks in the hands of a few individuals. That would be the effect of the Bill. He thought our policy should be to give facilities for large blocks of land to be distributed. He believed it was a feeling that such was the case in this country that had induced many people to emigrate. Mr. WIGLEY sail the hon. member was mistaken in Baying that one person could use the machinery of the Equity Court, and have sold property in which & large number of persons were concerned. At the present time land belonging to £0 or 70 persons which was in the hands of trustees could not be sold without the consent of the 60 or 70 persons being obtained, in which case a Commissioner would have to be ap pointed, a surveyor called in, and great expense incurred before the land could be divided nd each persoa cculd take his own particular portion. Instead of having to go through all those proceedings the Bill provided under clause 8 that the Court, after matanjr enquiries as to the nature of the property, might after notice of the hearing of the case had been given by advertisement give an order for partition or sale. Under the existing law the property could only be divided and not sold* The motion was carried, and tke Bill read a third time and passed. DRAINAGE BILL. Third reading. This Bill was read a third time and passed. SEMAPHORE RAILWAY BILL. Second reading. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut), in moving the second readiDg, laid upon the table, in accordance with the suggestion of the Speaker, a plan showing the route of the proposed line. The Bill was necessary in order that a piece ef land not included in a former Bill might be taken by the Government for the purpos' softie railway. . .,..,. Mr. BRIGHT thought it was desirable that the Commissioner of Crown Lands should, m the absence of the Commissioner of Public Works, point out more definitely what piecs of land he referred to. Comparing the plan prepared in 1S73 with the one laid on the table that day he could not see any difference. ? The Hon. A. BLYTH had no doubt the Commis sioner of Crown Lands would give the necessary explanation. He bad no doubt that the House was suffering from the absence of the Commis sioner of Public Works-(laughU:r)-who would have given a clear and explicit explanation of the BilL The Commissioner of Crown Lands, he sup posed, was better able to take charge of the Bill, as the House knew bow much of his time had lately been taken up in connection with the Public Worka Department. The piece of land, he understood, was rt Quired, and he saw no objection to passing The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said it was utterly impossible to complete the railway as proposed, owing to a curve in the river, and if the Government had not power to take in a certain piece of land no room would be left on one side of the line. He would be very happy to point out to hon. members the piece of land in question, but he did not think it was desirable to give a rough-and-ready explanation of the plan while the Speaker was in the chair. The motion was carried, the Bill passed through Committee without amendment, the Standing Orders were suspended, and the Bill was read a third time and passed. SAVINGS BANK BILL. In Committee. Clause {-disqualification of Trustees-was re considered. The Hon. A. BLYTH move 1 to insert after the word 'shall' in thg first clause the words ' lecome or continue as a Director of any Banking Company transacting business in this province, or become one of the responsible Ministers of the province, or.' GAMING BILL. A message waB received from the Council, stating that they had agreed to the amendments of the House of Assembly in the Gaming Bill without amendment. SAVINGS BANK BILL. Debate resumed. Mr. SMITH opposed the amendment, contending that if it was carried it would result in the retire ment of at least four valuable gentlemen from the Board who were the oldest members of that body. The Treasurer and Chief Secretary would have to retire, and also such men as Sir Henry Ayers if he be came a member of the Ministry, which was not at all improbable considering the frequent changes in the Ministry. The Government had tie powerof nomi nation, and knowing there was a feeling that Ministers of the Crown and Bank Directors should not be appointed as Trustees to the Savings Bank he thought they might safely be relied upon to act carefully. He was sure the public had confidence in the gentlemen who acted as Trustees, and he did not think it was desirable that the House should make a hard-and-fast rule that a Minister of the Crown, who might be so to* day and not so to-morrow, but was previously a Trustee of the Savings Bank, should have to resign. If he saw that any good would arise from the adoption of the amendment he would sup port it but he did not j The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) admitted there was a great deal of force in what Mr. Blyth had said on the previous consideration of the clause in reference to the disqualification of Trustees, and notwith standing what Mr. Smith had said he felt he must support the amendment. Mr. BRIGHT pointed out' that when the late Treasurer. Mr. Glyde, was a Trustee of the Savings Bank a difficulty arose in reference to the Govern ment bonds, and Mr. Glyde felt that it was incompatible that a member of the Ministry should be a Trustee of the Savings Bank. He should support the amendment Mr. SMITH said Mr. Glyde might have found the two positions incompatible. No doubt he did. Mr. Glyde was Chairman sof the Board when matters affectiDR the depositing of Government bonds with the Savings Bank formed the subject of discussion. He found it better to retire, which. he (air. Smith) regretted. If the amendment was carried it would preclude the appointment of such men as Mr. Blyth and Mr. Hay. The Register had expressed an opinion that the amendment would be carried, and be supposed that would be the order of the day. lie wa3 sure if the amendment was carried the usefulness of the Savings Bauk would be impaired. The Hon. A. BLYTH said Mr. Smith was wrong in eaying that if the amendment was carried the oldest members of the Board would have to retire. The oldest member of the Board was Dr. Wyatt, a very respected colonist, whose length of service had been considerably above that of any other member of the Board. If there was any feeling— a sort of unwritten law— that Ministers of the Crown and Bank Directors should not be Trustees of tae Savings Bank he thought it waa better that the law should be a written one. Mr. BRAY supported the amendment, and thought it was a reflection upon the colonists to say that the Savings Bank would suffer through certain gentlemen having to retire, as if there were not gentlemen in the colony qualified to take such positions. Mr. JOHNSON opposed the amendment, because it narrowed the selection, and because a Govern ment might be appointed which would only stand i week, and members of it. if they were Trustees of the Savings Bank, would then have to resign. He did not approve of members of the Ministry being appointed Trustees of the Savings Bank; but if they were Trustees before they joined a Govern ment he did not think it was necessary that they should resign because they became Ministers of the Crown. : Tne TKEASUREli (Hon. J. Colton) had had some difficulty in arriving at a decision on the matter, but after hearing the discussion and recoa sideriDg the whole question be thought it was undesirable to have members of a Ministry or Bank Directors as Trustees of the Savings Bank. He should therefore vote with the Hon. A. Biyth. Mr. NOCK would vote for the amendment, as he believed that the interests of the Savings Bank . might in special instances ciash with the interests of the Government. It was true that the ground of selection would be narrowed, but there were ether colonists equally eligible with the gentlemen who would have to resign. The amendment was declared negatived. Mr. SMITH called for a division :— Ayes, 17— The Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Treasurer, tbe Minister of Agriculture, Messrs. Boswortb, Bray, Bright, Cavenajjh, J.Dunn, Hardy, InRleby. Landseer, Nock. Quin, Rounsevell, Town send, Wgley, and Blyth (teller). Noes, 12-The Attorney-General, Messrs. Coglin, Coles, Cooke, Duncan, Hawker, Johnson, Lindsay, Pickering, Simms, Taylor, and Smith (teller). Majority of 5 for the Ayes. Tbe clause was inserted. The Hon. A. BLYTH moved to insert after clauEe 30 the following new clause:— 'The interest payable to depositors by the trustees Bhall be fixed and determined from time to time by the trustees, acd shall not exceed the rate of four pounds per centum per annum.' Mr. SMITH asked the hon. member not to press the clause. He mentioned on the second reading that there was a very large Reserve Fund ia the Savings Bauk-in fact, ? something like £27,0u0. It was only fair therefore that the depositors should have the full amount of interest likely to accrue after all expenses had been paid. No claim was made on the Government funds for the carry ing on of the Bank— in fact, the provision giving the trustees power to borrow JCIO.COD on thi iruarantee of the Government had been struck out The trustees now found that the Reserve Fund was quite sufficient, and that the Bank was a thoroughly paying concern, and they sought no fu ure gua rantee from the Government. The loases had not hitherto been more than i2G per annum for 27 years, and with the same excellent management the £27,0(30 was not likely to be encroached on in the future; What did the Hon. A. Blyth propose should be done with the difference between 4 per cent and the 5 per cent or more that they coulu actually pay ? 1 he difference between 4 per cent and 5 per cent, would give £4.000. and he should like to know where it was to go. If not to the depositors, it must go to the Reserve Fund, which was admitted to be quite large enough. There were over 11,000 depositors in the Savings Bank, whose average deposits only amounted to £aO; and that fact showed what a number of people in the colony were exercising habits of thrift and economy. In his opinion they should be encouraged by having given to them the amount of interest earned by their money after the payment of all expenses. Mr. BRIGHT hoped the Hon. A. Blyth would withdraw his motion. Until there. were Govern ment bonds for small amounts, as in Victoria, so that the people of the colony could invest in them, he thought they were entitlfd to all the interest from the Swaa Bank, At the same time every thing possible should be done to induce the people of the colony to invest their spare money in Government bonds rather than have to send home for the money. He hoped the hon. member would withdraw his motion, as he would not have a ghost of a chance - f carrying it ? Mr. JOHNSON would support Mr. Blyth's clause if the hon. member would assure him that it would have the effect of reducing the rate of interest and thus cheapening money. But if it was only to create half a tdozen extia offices to pay away the money that jwas not wanted he should certainly oppose it The Savings Bank had hitherto been a power to keep the price of money down, and anything the hon. member could do in that direction skoulil have his cordial support. The Hon. A. BLYTH said that was one of the objects he had in view, lieduce the price of mouey in the Savings Bank and it was reduced throughout the colony. What was the reason that in other Savings Banks there was a fixed rate of interest? It was that Savings Banks should not be a means of investment to obtain high interest, but for the benefit of the depositors. Tlie ll.OCO depositors had each so little money in the Savings Bank that the reduction of the amount from five to four per cent would be a trumpery thing to them. He was himself an investor in the Savings Bank, but he could not look at the matter from a narrow point of view, and proposed the amendment in the interests of the colony. There was in the Savings Bank a large amount of money which might be far more advantageously employed. The Government bonds might be held, higher lates might be tendered with the Government, and land on mortgage be held at a lower rate than hitherto. He did not wish to swell the Reserve Fund of the Savings Bank. If they paid four per cent £3,000 could be taken off the mortgage. Besides, what industries could be started ! What a relief it would be to the least considered «but most deserving portion of the community— the burdened portion. To pay 4 per cent, instead of 5 per cent would promote the progress of tbe colony. Mr. TOWNSEND asked why the poor man should not have his share of interest as well as his richer neighbour. The fact was that the thrifty poor believed in the Savings Banks, and the only effect of the clause now proposed would be to drive the money at present invested there into the other Banks. Mr. BRAY said the Hon. A. Blyth would do well to withdraw tbe amendment. If the Savings Bank were a Government institution it would be necessary to fix the rate of interest. But the Government did not say that depositors should alwayB have 4 per cent ; they merely said that the interest should never exceed that, though it might be lower. If the Government would guarantee 4 per cent there would be some equity in the present proposal. „ , Mr. COOKE did not think the reductiou of the rate of interest in the Savings Bank would have given such an impetus to the progress of the colony as had been suggested by the Hod. A, Blyth. The Savings Bank was not in the habit of lending money to start fresh industries. He did not think the hon. member could show any case in which that hbd been done. The fact was that the money was generally lent to the landed proprietors of the colony, and by that means good security was obtained. Mr. INGLEBY hoped the amendment would be withdrawn. The Hon. A. BLYTH agreed to withdraw it The clause was negatived. The preamble was passed. The House resumed, and the Bill was reported. Tbe Standing Orders having been suspended, the report was agreed to, and the third reading made an Order of the Day for next day, INSOLVENT BILL. Second reading. The ATIOKNEY-GENERAL (Hon. S. J. Way). in moving the second reading, said the Bill had been introduced in consequence of representations made in a petition from the Mount Gambier Dis trict, praying that further provision might be made in respect to the arrest of absconding debtors, and as to proceedings in insolvency and other matters. The Government promised to introduce a measure on the BUbject during the present session. Another matter dealt with in the Bill— the question of arranging between debtors and creditors by deed was equally urgent. The first part of the Bill had reference to arresting absconding debtors, ami it cave power to Special Magistrates resident ia the Districts of Card well, Buckingham, MacDounell, Robe, or Grey, to issue a warrant for the arrest of absconding debtors resident in tbe counties nainei, or who had contracted debts there, and were about to leave the colony. The creditor was to give a bond that he would prosecute when the absconding debtor was taken for trial at the Supreme Court If the action was not so commenced alter tne apprehension of a man, he would have a right to l-e discharged and to proceed against the persou w.io caused his arrest. The petition to which he had referred also called attention to the necessity of an Insolvent Court in the South-Eastern District. Occasionally such a Court would be found to bs an advantage; but a reference to statistics bearing on the question had satisfied him and the Government that it would be out of the question to go to such an expense at present. He referred to the circum stance with pleasure, as it indicated the prosperous condition or the people in the South-East He thought his statement would be found correct on reference to the number of cases that had cooie before the Insolvent Court during the past few years. He found that in 1875 there were o insolvencies in theSouth-E3st; in 1871, 3; in 187S, 4; in lS7i 3; in 1S71. 6; and in 1S70 the maximum. 7. was reached. With every desire to afford a pleasant retirement for members of the profession of suffi cient ability and standing to undertake the pre« dence of such a Court, he did not think that the Government in the face of these statistics could ask for the institution of a Court of that character. At the same time he waa free to admit that the insolvencies were less than they would be if it were not for the deeds clauses introduced for the benefit of the South-East and the inconvenience of comiog to Adelaide. He thought there was a strong case for giving facilities for the administration of the insolvent law in the South- East, and it was there fore provided that meetings could be held before a Special Magistrate, and the case conducted before him from beginning to end. Such an arrangement would be beneficial not only to insolvents but to creditors, as it was a great tax upon creditors to travel three or four hundred miles to prosecute their just rights. The 16th cause, which provided for the appointment of an accountant in the South East to investigate and preparclaccounts, would be of considerable practical advantage, as at present insolvents had to attend the accountant ia Adelaide to give information for the preparation of their schedules. There were two other provisions in this part of the Bill, the advantages of which were not limited to the Soutn Eastern portion of the province. One provided for the examination of witnesses before a Commis sioner in any part of the colony in the same way as under the Local Courts Act. It was fre quently desirable that the evidence of witnesses who were in remote parts of the colony should be taken, but their attendance in Adelaide could not be secured without inconvenience to themselves and great expense to the State. Another provision was one giving authority to the Insolvent Court to issue a commission for examining witnesses out of the colony, which would be very useful to persons engaged in commercial pursuits in cases such as one which was now berore the Insolvent Court. At present the only way of getting evidence from any place out of the colony was by an affidavit, which did not afford tbe necessary protection of cross-examination, or by an order from the Supreme Court, The third part of the Bill was not local. It referred to a defect which caused great piactical inconvenience in the working of the insol vency laws. At present deeds of insolvency were void unless executed by three-fourths of the creditors in number and va'ue, but after twelve months had expired they could not be challenged upon that ground. Creditors were frequently put to incouvenieuce through the liability of deeds being set aside, and it was therefore provided by this Bill that the simple fact whether a deed was executed by a majority of creditors could be enquired into once for all and finally decided. The last clause afforded the ordinary protection to creditors, by which they could challenge any action taken under the preceding clauses during their absence from the colony. There were no matters of serious controversy in the Bill, and he hoped that it would be passed this session. Mr. BKAY said the Bill had only just been placed on members* files, and he thought it would be unwise to pass it without further eo sideration. There had been for a long time uecessity for some legislation affecting the South-East, but this Bill included provisions relating to the whole colony. He hoped the Attorney-General would not take the Bill through Committee that day. If there was immediate necessity for legislating with regard to the South-East the Bill might be divided, and only those portions relating to tue South-East passetL Mr. HAWKER had great pleasure in supporting the BilL Both himself and his colleagues were greatly indebted to the A.torney-General for re deeming the promise he made early in the session to introduce a BilL The facilities with which debtors could escape over the Border were too well known to need mentioning. As to the general provisions of the Bill he did not profess to express an opinioD, but he trusted the House would see the necessity of immediately passing those por tions having reference to the South-East, where great wrong was done. (Hear, hear.) Mr. E.A.Y hoped the Attorney-General would not take the Bill through Committee that day. He had every wish to help the Government in speedily terminating the session, but it was too much to expect that a Bill affecting the commercial community should be passed through both branches of the Legislature in about four days. He had every confidence in the At torney-General but to swallow the Bill because th» hon. gentleman was satisfied with it would be hardly doing justice to hi* constituent*. If tht Government tried to press the Bill through that day he would perhaps be forced to oppose it, and if they did not take it into Committee »i once hi did not see what chance there was of passing it this session. Mr. INGLEBY hoped the Bill would be gone on with, particularly the clauses affecting the district be represented. There was one glaring instance of absconding over the Border, in which a man went away with a herd of cattle, a drove of horses, two German wagon?, and a new buggy. The man was tempted ~by cheap land on the other side of the boundary-line, and until our drained lands were opened up there would always be that temptation. He thought arrangements should be made with the Government of Victoria to cheapen the processes by which persons who had already absconded could be reached. At present, they could begot at but the process was too expensive. Mr. JOHNSON said that frequently creditors in Adelaide were defrauded by their debtors in the South-East escaping over the Border, and he knew of several cases where men who had so escaped had set up in business with the plunder of their South Australian creditors. There would have been more insolvencies than were mentioned by the Attorney General if the facilities for absconding had not been so great. Ihe ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. S. J. Way) said the discussion had drifted into a large subject which it was impossible to deal with this session, or solely by an Act of this Parliament Overtures had been made by past Governments to the adjoiniug colony with regard to the question, and sometimes they had not met with a very favourable reception. The present Government would follow in ithe footsteps of their predecessors and try to bring about an agreement. He agreed with the hon. member for East Adelaide that it would not be reasonable to press the Bill through Committee that day, but he had r.o doubt that with the assis tance of hon. members it would be passed before the close of the session, even if not m exactly the present fhape. He would not consider that his promise was redeemed by simply introducing the Bill. The motion was carried. In Committee. On the motion that the preamble be postponed, The Hon. A. BLYTH said it was true that over* tures had been made to the adjoining colony, but they had not always met with an unfavourable reception. On one occasion the Government of Victoria went ho far as to ask this Government to prepare a Bill and submit it for their consideration. He believed it was prepared and submitted, but various circumstances had prevented its becoming law. He was afraid that the Bill now before the House would not be regarded with such favour as if it had only included provisions relating to the Scuth-East and be thought the request of the hon. member for East Adelaide a reasonable one. As regarded the Attorney - General keeping his promises, he would ask where the Manufacturing Districts Bill was. There was a very distinct promise as regarded that. (Laughter.) The ATTORN Etf-GLNERAL (Hon. S. J. Way) assured the hon. member that he was trying as far as he could to manufacture the Bill, aud he was sure hon. members would agree with him that it would not be fair to introduce a debatable measure of the kind at this period of the session. The preamble was postponed. The House resumed, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again next day. WASTE LANDS BILL. Adjoumei debate ou second reading. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Waid) had a motion to movewhicbjhe did.not propose with same pleasure that he moved the second reading of the Bill. It was that the Order of the Day for the adjourned debate on this Bill be read and discharged. When he moved the second reading he was not aware that circumstances would arise which would necessitate the speedy close of the session, but uow he recog nised that it would be impossible to carry the Bill through this session, aud that it would be useless to occupy the attention of hon. members with it. Mr. MARN bad not the slightest objection to the motion, because there was no probability of the Bill becoming law this session He hoped, however, that tke Government would give the House some assurance that this or some kindred Bill would be introduced early next session. Mr. LINDSAY did not see the necessity for dropping the Bill. (Laughter.) As regarded hasty legislation, they had that afternoon paEsed without discussion a Bill which would enable capitalists to monopolize land to a greater extent than they could possibly do under this measure. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said that the Government would introduce a Land Bill after the long recess; but without making any promise as to the nature of the measure he would say that instructions would be given for the preparation of a consolidating BilL so as to place tre whole law. which was at present in a very unsatisfactory state, upon a permanent bads. Mr. NOCK quite agreed with the necessity of the motion, as it would be waste of time to discuss the question now. He was glad to hear the Commis sioner of Crown LandB state that it was the inten tion of tbe Government to bring in a Consolidated Waste Lands iSillnext session, as he believed there was a great necessity for amending and consoli dating the land laws. The motion was carried. CORPORATION BILL. Second reading. Mr. BRaY moved the second reading. He said he introduced this Bill at the request of the City Corporation, and hon. members would remember that he presented a petition the other daj in favour of this Bill. The chief object of the Bill was to give greater powers to the Adelaide and other Cor porations with reference to the different objects which Corporations sought to carry out. The clause provided tor the licensing of bazaars, bide and skin markets, and fixed penalties forper ona using these places without a licence. There were also penalties provided for destroying plants and shrubs in the plantations and Park Lands, and for annoyance by street musicians who refused to move away when crdered to do eo. There were provisions also for enlarging the powers of Corporations to make by laws with reference to the Park Lands and public lands under their control, and also with reference to the making and laying out of private streets. These provisions applied to Corporations generally, but they were optional provisions, and it was not imperative that other Corporations should avail themselves of them. In addition to the things he had pointed out the Bill provided for a different plan for the nomination and election of the Mayor of Adelaide than that n hicli now existed. He was sotry to sec -that one {portion of the Press blindly imagined that this was returning to the old system of open nomination, The 2Sth section of the Cor porations Act of 1661 was repealed, but ihe other clause, which required the nominations to be in writing, remained in force. This Bill provided that on the second Monday in November a pubic meeting should be held at which persons should be nominated to act as Mayor, If only one was nomi nated he shoulpbedeclared elected, but if more than one were proposed the election should take place on the 1st December. There were provisions also with reference to the election of Auditors. It was considered advisable to require that Auditors should be in t/be province at the time of their election to serve as Auditors, and also that an Auditor should be disqualified after receiving notice to attend an audit and absconding himself without leave of absence. Claute 16 had attracted some attention from one part of the Press. It was with reference to the better observance of Sundays. (Lauchter.) Whatever they could do to achieve this object should be done, although he thought it would have beeu oetter to have introduced this provision in the Police Act. Thia was a point on which doubtless there would be some little expres sion of opinion, and which be was quite prepared to leave for the decision, of the House, because it did not affect the main objects of the measure. Every one who knew Adelaide would know that there was a good deal of Sunday trading done which ought to be put down. The object aimed at was a worthy one, although he could have wished that a more suitable means of dealing with it had leen adopted, and he should not feel it very deeply if he were urged to consent to strike out that clause aa it did not affect the principle of the measure. It was absolutely necessary the Adelaide Corpora tion should possess some of the powers sought for in this Bill. Mr. Bower had intimated that he had au amendment to propose with reference to the Port Adelaide Corporation, and be should be quite willing to accept any amendments which appeared consistent with the objects of the Bill. Tbe ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. S. J. Way) had no intention of offering any opposition to the second reading of the Bill. It appeared to contain several very useful provisions, but it also contained some to which he should like to have the oppor tunity of giving more consideration. He did not yield to the hon. member in his consideration of the importance of the lt-th clause, but he was not quite clear that the section as drawn would meet the case. The words 'works of necessity or charity excepted' would require a long interpreta tion clause. He suggested to the hon. member that after the second reading he should only go into Committee pro forma that day, and take its further consideration in Committee next day. He should be very happy to support him w carrying :he Bill through Committee. Mr. COGLIN did not know who were the insti gators of the Bill, but hejdid not like the 16th clause. The next thing they would want would be to prevent people cooking or eating on Sunday. Then again, 'any person riding or driving any horse, ass, mule, or other animal fer sport or racing' was liable to a penalty. Well, pirson3 went out on horseback to preach, out if he (Mr. Coglin) went out on horseback it would at once be said he was going for sport. (Laughter.) He should move the striking out of that clause. Mr. BRAY would adopt the Attorney-General's suggestion, especially aa he understood that hon. gentleman to say the Government would auist him in passing the Bill thia session. The motion was carried, the Bill was read a second time, and tbe House wont into Committee rro formd. The House resumed, and the Com mittee obtained leave to sit again next day. ? PAPEB, The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. f . Boucaut) laid on the table return of correspondence ou the matter of the Flinders Dis trict Road Board. CROSSING OF THE HUTT RIVER. Mr. £iA\\\K£Rmoved 'Ihat it is desirable that the crossing-place of the Hutt River, on the main road from Clare to Bundaleer and Jamestown, be immediately repaired.'' From a statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands the other day that matters of urgency would be taken into consideration, he had hoped that this subject would have been attended to, or at any rate that a report would have been called for from Mr. Morris the Superintending Surveyor for the district, who knew all about it. This crossing-place was on the main North-road leading up to Bundaleer, Jamestown, and the North, and was a main trunk road. There was an excellent macada mized road from Adelaide as far as the river, and a good natural road beyond, but this crossing was an impassable bog for any loaded vehicle, and was exceedingly dangerous to all who attempted to pass it. The length of fording required was not more than two or three chains, and if that was not repaired the whole of the traffic would have to go three or four miles round. Mr. Morris was aware of the necessity of this work, but said he bad no money for it as it was not a declared main line and he could not touch it He considered this a case of emergency, and he hoped the Government would attend to it. Mr. COGLIN said he knew this place and could testify to the dangerous nature of the crossing. A sum of £50 or £100 would, however, put it in repair. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motion. He had given instruc tions to one of his Btaff to make out a list of the questions asked in that House and the promises made by tbe Gorernmeut, and as soon as the Government had some leisure they would look into all these matters, and the most urgent should receive their immediate attention. In the mean time he promised to call for a report from Mr. Morris on this crossing- place. Mr. HAWKER said he would withdraw the motion after the request of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and he was sure Ml. Morris would report that it was a work which required urgently to be carried out. Motion withdrawn. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 21 minutes past 4 till 2 o'clock next day. 