THE HIXGW00D GHOST. To the Editor of the Cornwall Ckronietr. 5m, — Dn the electors of Ringwood observe aud remember what tbeyobserve t Kave Ihcy a caro for their privileges and rights as electors ? Have lliey adapted themiiolves to be considered, looked upon, and Irpat4-d as mere nnnnetsl' Are tlipv morally muddled aod becomo nonob server* of tho grafuitous oontempt in which they arc held by Ihe gentleman called their reprcsennlivc, who before his election never saw tUem, after bit election did not visit them, and even now, upon the eve of the coming wsu'ihi, has nut condescended to visitor correspond with thera_ as constituents, apparently uot knowing or earing for consistency as a legislator, and politically careless either of the geographical uosiliouof the district or the political requirements of ils in habitants. These queries and asucrtinns signify positive facts, and indicate a want of courteousneBs not anticipated. The hon orable member came from Ifobart Town to Launceston during the Easter week ; was aeen walking in the streots among tbe busy throng; was aikcj by another lion, member ' whether bo intended paying a visit to Ringwood P' And replied ' O. no. Sir, your isBue of to day givos a para graph making Josh Billings say something about ghosts, whieh I would advise ibe said member to read, tvJieit he will find this sentence ' Not seen but oflcu heard The people of Itingwood, if they are not ' jammed' like fair Hobart, have truly got the Gellibrand upon them, and think wlwt in tlie use of seeing such intangible cotinervatorit of themselves. We are. Sir, in the present day, through our scientific research, tracing out many imponderable agencies employed around us : may not our member be one of these P A wonderful thing yet to be Mvealud— a political ghost. But perhaps the vapour member con siders we nre not qunlilied by training as polilicinns to he observers, of such spirits of the raaty senate house, llut I fore warn thai suck is a delicate question, for Ihi! pr.'senl member lo draw, and should he have dono so uelhink* his intuition iiinr prove a source oflaliacy which, may lead him far astray in hia gropings as a inlitician. Let him believe that his con mitueiits are not all ignoramusses, «nd tint they do not believe iu a phantom, but that they hire a community of inhreats and a comprehension of character of those who profess lo represent liiem, and that it ia i. ractliing like wiadom iu members sometimes io think of the lookers on, Qicaiious of moment must oocupv Par liamentary attention, aud ibe opinions of conxlilaeimei ought to 1)6 of Homo account, and are such lo be ignored and rendered valuelcs. f Yours truly, KLKCTOlt. Uiugwno.1, April filli, 1875. 