BERTHA SHELLEY. The Lily of the Hunter Valley! [An Australian Story of Forty Years Ago.] By WILLIAM AUBREY BURNAGE. CHAPTER XV. (Continued.) 'Strange that he did not wait till we came up,' said Mr. Shelley, in surprise. 'Has he gone alone?' 'Yes, sir! He went away directly he made the hut comfortable like for the ladies.' 'But he cannot find his way through the brush and up the mountain in the dark,' doubted Mrs. Shelley. 'The moon has gone down.' 'Oh! if he should get lost after having risked so much for me! The thought is ter- rible!' Bertha exclaimed, shuddering. 'I don't think that's likely, Miss,' said the shepherd. 'He can't lose the path through the bush; and though the mountain's a bit steep, when he's once at the top, he can see the fires in the burning off.' 'Then, you do not think he can lose him- self?' 'No Miss; he can't well do that. The mountain's right before him, and it'll be lighter climbing it than in the brush. He'll get home right enough, never fear,' replied the shepherd. 'Well, take Giles with you, and go after him. I don't like the idea of his going alone,' said Mr. Shelley, thoughtfully. 'I—I don't think—I don't like to, sir!' said the shepherd, uneasily. 'He'll find his way all right, sir!' 'It be too dark, zir!' supported Giles. 'We be froighten. There moight be ghosts an' things.' Mr. Shelley saw it would be useless to urge the superstitious fellows further. Though they were brave men, and would encounter real danger without flinching, they would not risk a meeting with imaginary ones. 'Come, Jerry,' he said, turning to the blackboy, who was close at his elbow, 'you are not frightened too?' 'Bale Jerry can find him,' returned the blackboy, hastily. He was determined not to leave his young mistress again till she was safely home. 'Why you know the way well enough, Jerry. No fear of you losiug yourself,' said the overseer. 'Bale Jerry can find him tract,' he reitera- ted doggedly. 'Bale Jerry no want to go!' 'Never mind, Davy. If Jerry will not go, and the others are frightened, Mr. Sinclair must manage without them. He is not likely to lose his way. I am sorry he went. It was thoughtful of him. But I am afraid he can be of no service to old Hal. The poor fellow seemed quite dead when we left him!' 'Do you really think that he is dead?' Bertha asked, the tears gathering in her eyes, as she remembered the brave old man's gal- lant defence of their retreat. 'I am afraid he is, my child,' Mr. Shelley replied. 'But come along, we must repair to the hut at once. The night air is damp, and you have already been too much exposed. 'If ever there was a hero, Hal. is one,' said Mrs Shelley. 'He could easily have escaped, instead of going to our assistance; he volun- tarily sacrificed his life in our defence.' 'Poor fellow! But if we are not careful, more lives may be sacrificed; for we all have wet feet, and must get them dry, or we risk our death by colds. Bring us some tea into the hut, Davy.' 'The shepherd found some capital rum in the hut, sir. Wouldn't a paunican of hot rum and water be the best thing to prevent the ladies catching cold?' It isn't right for ladies to take it as a general rule, but there's a time for all things, sir.' said the overseer. 'Yes, perhaps is would. Mix some Davy, and make haste.' Davy turned to prepare the spirits; and Mr. Shelley led his wife and daughter to the shelter of the outlaws' abode. They found everything carefully prepared for their recep- tion. Percy had made a comfortable couch for Bertha and her mother, by spreading a quantity of twigs and leaves upon the bare floor, and covering them with a large opossum rug, and a new pair of blankets, recently stolen from a store on the Hawkesbury, was spread over it for a coverlet. He had also laid some blankets out for the maidservants to sleep upon. 'How thoughtful Mr. Sinclair is,' exclaimed Mrs. Shelley, as she noticed how carefully everything was prepared. 'Yes, Grace; but we will leave further conversation till tomorrow; I am anxious for you both to get to rest at once, or the chill you have received from wading down the stream,. and the excitement you have undergone dur- ing the last few hours may lay you upon a sick bed. Here comes Davy with the hot spirits. Give Bertha and the girls a good pannican full each, and take as much yourself, and then wrap yourselves up in these blankets and get to sleep.' Mr. Shelley tenderly kissed the dear ones he had so nearly lost, and left them and re- turned to the fire, while they drank the warm mixture Davy had prepared, and then lay down upon their primitive couches. They lay for a few minutes, thinking over the strange and exciting incidents of the eventful day; but the mysterious spell of the spirit soon enveloped their faculties, and, in a short time, they were deeply folded in the arms of health-giving sleep. 'Davy, you and I must take turns to watch daring the remainder of the night, as it is quite possible; the bushrangers may be lurking about. We have no idea of the num- bers of the whole gang; and we must not al- low them to take us unprepared,' Mr. Shslley said to the overseer, as they finished the hot spirits, and lay down by the crackling fire. 'I will keep watch for the first turn, if you like sir,' replied Davy. 'I could not sleep, if I tried, just now, Davy; so I may as well watch first,' said Mr. Shelley, rising. 'Each of you keep your musket by your side ready for use, if we are molested; and I will keep watch for the first couple of hours.' Each of the men begged to be permitted to mount guard in his stead; but Mr. Shelley refused, and began to pace up and down be- fore the hut, where the dear ones were sleep- ing. Jerry had already chosen his post—he was lying, coiled up upon the grass before the door. He raised his head as his master pass- ed him—'Bale dat damn bushranger can get him Missie Berta nother time,' he said, de- fiantly. 'That's right, Jerry , you mind him,' Mr. Shelley replied, smiling at the faithful guard. The hours slowly past, but Mr. Shelley did not call Davy to relieve him; the sleepers in the hut were too precious to leave to the charge of any eyes but his own; and the grey dawn broke before any of the sleepers around the fire awoke. CHAPTER XVI. Oh, I defy thee, hell, to show, On beds of fire that burn below, An humbler heart, a deeper woe! EDGAR ALLAN POE. Percy Sinclair found himself on the top of the range overlooking Field Place, without havin' any very definite idea of how he had reached it. Wrapped in the cloud of his own gloomy thought, he had mechanically traversed the dark passage of the brush, and climbed the steep ascent of the mountain, totally un- conscious of his movements. A curious medley of emotions held possession of his breast gratitude to heaven for the deliverance of his heart's mistress, and fear that her long ex- posure to the chilling damps of night might even yet prove fatal, were mingled with regret that it had not been another who had saved her. Sweet though it was to feel that she must again owe her life to him, he knew only too well the danger of his situation. Had he been a free man, and thereby her equal, he would have rejoiced at auy accident through which he could have proved his devotion, but in his position every new service that he rendered her but added to his love—and his despair. That morn- ing he had decided upon leaving Field Place, if he could prevail upon his master to allow him to do so; and the events of the last few hours had made it the more urgently ne- cessary that he should do so at once. He felt that the new claim he had made upon their gratitude, would cause her parents to treat him with increased confidence and kindness; and that, unless he escaped, he might in some un- guarded moment be betrayed into giving ut- terance to his passion. Shame and sor- row must, then, follow—whether she returned his affection, or treated it with scorn, still shame and sorrow! He, a convict, could never win her hand; and, if it were possible to win her heart, he would only be casting a dark cloud of trouble over her young life. No! With, or without her father's consent, he would go! He rested upon the summit of the range for a few moments to calm his thoughts, and then began the descent towards the homestead, the burning stumps near the dairy directing his steps. As he glanced at the distant fires, his thoughts reverted to the brave old man lying upon the cold floor of the dairy. 'Poor old Hal.! I wish it had been my hap instead of yours to have died in her defence !' he apostrophised, as he hurried down the hill. As he neared the house, he was startled by the number of fires between the dairy and the house. The land being burnt off was at the back of the dairy, and there had been but one fire before it—that of a burning stump— and he now counted six or seven. This dis- covery thoroughly roused him from his reverie; and, fearing that the outlaws, driven from their den in the mountains, had returned to the house in the absence of its defenders, he approached with great caution. A strong breeze was blowing; and, being to leeward (to use a nautical term) of the fires, he was enabled to advauce to the cover of the dairy unheard. He stood in its shadow for a few moments, undecided how to act. He noticed several strange dogs lying around the centre fire and he begun to doubt the correctness of his first supposition—dogs forming no part of a bushrauger's train—when a low whining within the dairy suddenly set them on their mettle, and a furious baying resulted in a dozen black heads rising simultaneously from behind the fires. Percy Sinclair saw at once that the blacks, who usually hung about the station, had returned from their recent visit to a tribe on the Yimming (Patterson River), he walked boldly up to their camp, although the persistent attention of their dogs would have daunted a less resolute man, and was greeted by the hoary-headed monarch, Bony, with, 'Holloa, Misser Sinlar, where you come from? Where Misser Selley and all dother whitefeller?' while Euringa and the rest of the darkies exerted themselves to pacify the dogs. As soon as order was restored, Percy ex- plained to his eager audience what had oc- curred during the day. 'Where dat my piccaninny? Where Jerry?' demanded an old gin, anxiously. 'Dat dam bushranger shoot him?' 'No, Dolly, Jerry's all right. He tracked the bushrangers for us, or we should never have been able to find them,' replied Percy. 'Dat Jerry murray budgery piccaninny, belongin' to me!' exclaimed Dolly, with ma- ternal pride. 'Bale dat no jerran [frightened] anything! What dat Missie Shelley pialla— dat cobbon budgery good job Jerry find him?' 'Yes, Dolly; she says Jerry is a brave fellow. They will all come home in the morning, and then she will tell you all about him.' 'Where all dat bushranger yan [gone to]?' abked Euringa, as interpreter for one of the other blacks, whose stock of English was not sufficient to enable Percy to understand him. 'Some of them are shot, and the others have escaped into the bush.' 'Ha!' exclaimed King Bony, emphati- cally; and the profound observation was echoed by his dusky followers. 'Dat poor old Perbly very near dead, too!' said Dolly, with feeling. 'Bale him can pialla [speak] this long time!' 'Holloa, Misser Sinlar, you murry wet! Where yoa bin?' interrupted Euringa, sur- veying Percy's drenched clothes. He satisfied the blackfellow's curiosity up- on the subject, and then turned to Dolly. 'Where's old Hal. now? In the dairy?' he Dolly led the way to her own fire a few feet from where they were standing, and pointed to a blanket as dark as herself; 'dat poor old Perbly, him got it murry deep cut here!' she continued, throwing back the blanket, and pointing to his breast, 'me word that murry deep cut.' 'Poor fellow,' said Percy, stooping over him and feeling his pulse. 'There is not much life left in him.' Hal. was insensible, and the gin had care- fully bound up his wounds with slips torn from an old gown Mrs. Shelley had given her. The bleeding was staunched, and though his pulse was weak from loss of blood, Percy began to hope that with care he might rally and re- cover. 'I will be back in a minute or two, Dolly, you mind him till I come back,' he said to Hal.'s self- appointed nurse and then hurried on to the house, Dolly the while calling back with a shrill voice the dogs, who seemed bent on accompanying him. Percy went to a small chest in the diningroom, where he knew Mr. Shelley kept a small bottle of spirits; and not finding the key in it, burst the chest open. He found what he was in search of, and returned to the camp with it. Knowing their propensity for rum, he ordered all the blacks, who had gathered round old Hal., except Dolly, to re- turn to their own fires; and he then poured a small quantity of the spirit down the wounded man's throat. It partially revived him, and Percy waited for a quarter of an hour when he repeated the dose. The spirit seemed to infuse new life into the old man. The colour re- turned to his cheeks, and his pulse became firmer and more even. 'Look here, Misser Sinlar, you catch him cobbon feller cold, 'spo' you keep all dat wet ting on!' said Dolly prophetically. 'You drink him cobbon pannican rum, and den lay down along bed.' Percy saw the truth of the black woman's words, and though caring little in his gloomy mood what became of him, he decided upon following her advice. 'Will you mind him till daylight, Dolly, and give him a little of this every now and then?' he said, handing her the bottle. 'All right, Misser Sinlar, me give it; bale Dolly drink it,' she replied proudly. 'Dat oder blackfeller drink it; bale Dolly drink it.' 'Percy left her in charge of old Hal. and the bottle; and though the struggle was hard, she bravely resisted the temptation of sharing it with her patient; but gave him his dimin- utive doses at frequent, if not regular, inter- vals. Percy retired to his little room off the kitchen, and soon got to bed. His limbs were aching with the cold, and the cuts and bruises about his face and hands were smarting acutely; but the large dose of spirit he had taken soon soothed him into forgetfulness. Directly dawn had penetrated the dark hollow of the brush, Mr. Shelley called the men; and before half-an-hour had passed, the quarts were boiling for breakfast, and a good meal was prepared from the outlaws' larder. 'Davy, we must contrive a litter of some kind to carry the ladies up the mountain. They can never climb it by themselves,' said Mr. Shelley, thoughtfully. 'You may find some tools in the hut when the ladies rise.' 'I'm afraid the mountain's too steep for that; but we'll try, if you like, sir. The ladies are coming uow. I will look for the tools at once,' replied the overseer, as Mrs. Shelley and Bertha left the hut and ap- proached the fire. 'My darlings, how are you this morning,' Mr. Shelley exclaimed, delightedly, as he ad- vanced to meet them. 'I feel quite well, Walter. I think Davy's receipt last night preserved us from the ill effects of our wet feet.' 'I am quite recovered from my terri- ble fall, papa, aud I am intensely anxious to get home to see how poor old Hal. is, and whether Mr. Sinclair reached home safely.' 'Make haste, then, to get your breakfast over. Davy is looking for tools to make a litter to carry you up the mountain.' 'To carry me! I would much rather walk, papa. All that I want is to make haste. But for Mr. Sinclair's bravery I should have been dead before now; and I am anxious to ascer- tain if he is safe.' The party took breakfast hurriedly, and theu began their long walk home. Mr. Shelley left the overseer and Giles to bury the fallen bushrangers, and with the remain- der of the party pushed on through the brush. The ascent of the mountain was not nearly so difficult in daylight; and Jerry was able to point out a path that wound along among the rocks, and which was not so steep as where they had descended. About nine o'clock they reached the house, and found the blackfellows holding a feast in the verandah. They were greeted with a wild shout of pleasure as the darkskins recognised them. 'Holloa, here dat Missie Berta! Here dat Missie Selley!' shouted the blacks in chorus, as they approached. After a few words of welcome to the tame blacks, as those frequenting the station were called, Mr. Shelley enquired of Dolly where Mr: Sinclair was. 'Dat Misser Sinlar gone sleep in him room,' she replied. 'Where dat Jerry?' 'Gone to the dairy with the overseer to see if Hal. is alive. Ha, here, he comes!' Jerry approached with an expression of pain upon his honest black face. 'Bale dat old Perbly in dairy, only old Nell,' he said anxiously. 'Where dat old Perbly go to?' 'Dat all right; Euringa and Minnighi bring him in kitchen. Dat get all right by by,' answered Dolly. 'Then the brave old man is not dead,' ex- claimed Bertha joyfully. 'Come mamma, let us go to him.' They entered the kitchen, and found that old Dolly had made him a bed by the side of the fire. He was sensible, but so weak that he could not raise a hand. He looked up as they entered, and whispered fervently, 'Thank God you are saved. It was your prayin' to Him in the dairy that saved us all.' 'Don't speak, Hal., you are too weak yet. We hare great cause indeed for gratitude to heaven for the wonderful preservation of you all; and I trust we may never forget the mercy that has been extended to us. I have learnt your gallant defence of my wife and child; accept my deepest gratitude for your heroism,' Mr. Shelley said, as Mrs. Shelley and Bertha knelt by the old man's side, too much overpowered by pity and gratitude to speak.| 'You have bin a kind master, sir; and I'd I have freely died to serve you; and the Missis and Miss Bertha.have always had a kind word for us prisoners; and there isn't one o' us that wouldn't do anything for 'em.' 'I believe you, Hal.; but you must speak no more now; you must rest, and try to get round afain. I will examine your wounds in a few minutes, and in the meantime, Dolly, you kill a fowl, and Janet will make some broth for Hal.' 'All right, Misser Selley. Me wring him neck,' answered Dolly, pleased at receiving an order from the master. 'Dear old Hal., we shall never forget your bravery,' said Mrs. Shelley rising and brush- ing a tear from her eyes. 'Walter send a man to Newcnstle for a doctor.' 'Take your horse, Davy, and start at once,' Mr. Shelley said, turning to the overseer, who had inst entered the kitchen. 'Yes, sir! I can't well get back with one before dark though; for if I push the horse going, he will likely knock up coming back.' 'Lose no time, Davy. You can get a fresh horse from Meredith. I wouldn't risk the chance of losing Hal. for the price of a thousand horses.' Davy started for the doctor, and Mr. Shel- ley saying 'Make Mr. Sinclair a bed in the parlor, Grace; we must give his room to Hal. for the present,' entered Percy's room; Mrs. Shelley went into the house to prepare the parlor for Mr. Sinclair; and Bertha knelt by old Hal.'s side, waiting anxiously to learn how her other preserver was. Percy awoke as Mr. Shelley entered. 'Are all home safe, sir !' he asked. 'Yes, thank heaven!' the wetting in the stream appears to have done them no harm; and Bertha's fall over the rocks has left noth- ing more than a small contusion upon the left temple. 'Sinclair, I cannot express my gratitude for your reckless daring in leaping down that precipice to her rescue. It was a leap that a brave man might have recoiled from!' said Mr. Shelley wringing Percy's hand. 'It is the second time we have to owe her life to you.' 'You would wish to repay me for saving Miss Shelley?' Percy asked, gloomily. 'Can you doubt it?' 'Then promise me two things—first, never to mention the subject to me again while I remain here; and, second, to exchange me with some one upon the Hawkesbury Rver, or to send me back to the central depot. Mr. Shelley rose from the seat, he had taken by the bedside, and stared at Percy in surprise. 'What have we done to offend you, Sinclair?' he asked after a few seconds. 'Something must have happened that I know nothing of, to cause you to wish to leave us. I recollect now, you said something about this yesterday morning.' 'I hope you will believe me, sir, when I say that so far from wishing to leave Field Place through offence of any kind, I feel that I have always received the utmost kindness from you and your family, and that I can never hope to be treated so well anywhere else I may go. The reason that urges me to leave is one that I cannot tell you; and, as a gentleman, I am certain you will not press me to divulge it. As you value my service in saving Miss Shelley's life, promise me that you will grant my request!' 'Mr. Shelley could not help feeling annoyed at Percy's strange wish to leave him and he had a suspicion that something must have happeued to have offended him. Yet, in the face of his late service, he could not well refuse a request so urgently made. 'You may go, Sinclair,' he said, slowly, 'but remember that our home is always open for you; and as soon as yon grow tired of the reality of your new life, I will contrive to get you back again. When you recollect that last night you again restored to us the one flower that brightens our home, you will not be surprised that Mrs. Shelley and myself will both be grieved at your going.' 'If I could tell you why I go, I am afraid yon would be only too pleased!' Percy thought, but he kept his thought to himself, and thanked his master for his permission to leave. 'You have several ugly cuts and bruises about the face, I am sorry to see,' said Mr. Shelley, 'I will bring something to bind them up in a few minutes. I have to go now and examine old Hal. He is dreadfully wounded, but I think he will recover.' 'I shall get up directly, sir; I feel none the worse for my wetting,' replied Percy; and Mr. Shelley left the room, pondering over his determination to leave—'Bertha, Mr. Sinclair is going away in a few days!' he said, as he approached Hal.'s side. 'Going away!' exclaimed Bertha, rising, the color leaving her cheeks. 'Going away! Why?' To be continued. 