 THE Melbourne papers having despatched special re porters the camp of the distressed Silesians referred to in recent telegrams, furnish, as the ARGUS says, the materials for a supplementary chapter to Mr. Mackay's " History of Popular Delusions '' From the published reports we gather the following particulars. THE FIRST ENCAMPMENT. Inspector A. B. Smith accompanied by an interpre- tor, left Benalla on Friday evening, arriving at Devenish at 11 o' lock p m., and after travelling all night they arrived at the Cocked Hat Camp about 6 o'clock on Saturday morning. From there they proceeded to the first German camp, about a quarter of a mile distance. This camp is situated on Boosey Creek, and has a num- ber of fine water holes. The camp consists of four bark huts, used as dwellings and two bark sheds used for cooking and other purposes. There are three families living in the Cocked Hat camp, in all 10 people, three being males and seven females. There are two very old men, one a carpenter aged 65, and a saddler about the same age; the saddler was away at the Dookie Flour mills, trying to obtain three bags of flour on credit. The visitors were received with great kindness, and Inspector Smith, assisted by Mr. Myles, interpreter, explained the object of their visit. The physical condition of the people here appeared to be as good as that of the ordinary peasant. Seven are aged; one is a young woman about twenty one, there is a boy about six and the other a girl about two years old. The last named three looked remarkably healthy and strong, showing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man (the carpenter) was asked who induced them to come to the country, and his reply was that God had called them and they were bound to come. The huts were then inspected, and everything appeared clean and well conditioned. There was plenty of furniture and bedding; all brought from home. In one of the cooking sheds an old woman was preparing food consisting of vegetables and flour. Inspector Smith asked them what prospects they had for the future. They replied that they had between the two camps 8,000 acres of land selected, and had this year 60 acres of' wheat crop, and if they could rue along till the harvest was gathered, they could get on for the remainder of the year. It was explained that the two camps were on the com munist arrangement. Being asked how they managed to get the crop in they stated that when they arrived in Melbourne they bought a waggon, dray, plough, and other farming implements, and two horses, but they were compelled to sell the horses and dray to Carl Berndt's man for £5 each or £15 for the lot, which it seems they expended in food for the benefit of the community. Inspector Smith promised them relief, and a smile of gladness was observed upon all around. STATEMENT OF ONE OF SECEDERS The Inspector then proceeded to Carl Berndt's place, where they found a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, who was found busily engaged at the forge repairing some tools. The object of the visit was ex- plained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the information in his power. He stated that he was away from his village during the Franco - Prussian war. He was in the 42nd. regiment of the line, and served at Metz and Amiens. After the evacuation of France by the German army he returned home, and found that THE WOMAN HELLER had attained great power over the villagers in the neighbourhood of Hainau. She was about 30 years of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in con- sequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Messingbrod one of their number was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they had been on the Hill- Plains that man had died, and she had then chosen another man named Schultz. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsense and with his wife had left the community, and was now work- ing for Mr Berndt. His parents and sisters still lived at the settlement and he had done all in his power to get them away, but without avail, as they fuily be- lieved in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things but he believed Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought it would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to take Maria away, as she was certainly the cause of starving them all, for she would not allow them to go to work. Since they had been there eight of their number had died. Notice of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major plains ; but the others were simply buried at the settlement without any notioe being given, or any doctor attending them. Maria said some prayers at the graves. THE SECOND ENCAMPMENT, " Hill Plains Camp," is two and a half miles distant from Mr. Berndts, and he was asked to accompany the party to the place ; but he said he would not unless he was paid for it as he had lost too much time already by them. However, he at last consented to go being persuaded not to forfeit the good name he had already gained for his exortions in their behalf, and seeing that succour was at hand. The party then started for the camp, which consists of 10 bark hut, and contains about 40 people, mostly women and chil- dren. The interpreter, as before, explained the object of the visit. The first thing that attracted the atten- tion of the party was something covered over with an old tarpoulin, and on inquiry they were informed that it was a coffin ready to receive the body of a boy about 12 years of age, who was lying in a dying state in an adjoining hut. Inspector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, and on its being pointed out the party entered without any ceremony, and an appalling sight met their view. Lying on a kind of bed, within four feet of a blazing fire, lay the emaciated form of what appeared to have been a fine intelligent, boy of about fourteen years of age. At a table in the same hut, facing the door, sat a man and woman both engaged chewing a piece of paint.(?) The man looked as if he just recently recovered from sickness. The female was about 25 years old, four feet six inches high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a pug nose, rough black hair and sunken eyes. She took no notice of the intrusion. They uncovered the boy, and a most distressing spectacle met them. His legs, feet, and body were swollen to monstrous proportions, and the skin was in a neglected state as to cleanliness. The proud flesh from the upper gums extended over the teeth, and the whole condition of the sufferer indicated scurvey. By this time a crowd had gathered round the hut, and on inquiring what nourishment the boy was getting, his mother replied that all they had was flour and vegetables. The room in which the sick boy lay contained the other body. They then pro- ceeded to examine the other huts. In the adjoining hut lay an old man, about 67 years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, but tho disease had not made quite such great progress. The whole of the hut appeared as clean as they could be made. Inspector Smith inquired how many had died since they arrived at the Hill Plain Camp, and he was told eight adults and one child, the latter still born. Mr. Smith requested to be shown where the bodies were buried, and he was taken to the corner 0f a garden about three chains distant from the dwellings and fenced off with a bush fence, and at the upper end of the garden he was shown the graves, all fresh filled. The depths of the graves are about three feet each. The party returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked them if they would accept assistance, and they thankfully replied, " Yes." By this time several of the community, that had not been seen before, arrived, as if from work. They com- prised men, boys, and girls. All the young people appeared to be healthy, the girls particularly so. Their complexion was bright and fresh, and their coun? en?ces intelligent. The majority of the elder members of the country appeared to be suffering from some malady. THE PROPHETESS INTERVIEWED. Inspector Smith had of course, certain official duties to perform that, necessitated an interview with the woman Maria Heller, and an inquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at once shown her hut on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence their mid-day meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, they were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming about in a plate of greasy water, dignified by the name of soup. While the prophete's and her companions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the elder children, who answered all their in- quiries readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had managed to pick up a little English, and she was very proud of her acquirements, but her companions ap- peared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a very large one while the girl herself appeared to be as happy as possible at her brilliant prospects. There were three other girls who expressed a desire to get situations if they could, but would prefer farm work to household work, and Inspector Smith promised to get them situations if possible. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She was sitting at the table trying to sow, but her hands were shaking so much, apparently with FEAR AT THE SIGHT OF THE POLICE uniform that she could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Shultz, who, according to the man Schmidts statement, is her chosen companion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little, thin, miserable, prematurely aged looking youngman, with a livid white complexion, and evidently far gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impossible to see her face. The conversation had scarcely commenced--- in fact the interpreter had not asked her name--- before she pretended to get very excited, commenced screaming and was evidently trying to work herself into an hysterical fit. The other women all of whom,by the way, are older than herself--- at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, co mmenced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. A it was so palpable that the woman was shamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut off the patient's hair and throw few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, requested a few minutes' delay before speaking to Inspector Smith. In the mean time one voluble little man having said he was HER STEP-FATHER was pounced upon immediately, and the following statement obtained. He said-" My name is Carl Scholtze. I am 56 years of age. I consider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller. She is 33 years of age. I am her stepfather because her parents are dead. I have known her about five years. I knew her at Jhandanton near Hainau, in Silesia, she has nearly always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. That spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities--- but what were we to do ? We cannot speak English ! The notices of the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt. We also sent him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not much food. We think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon, I do not know how often Maria has these trances. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by the Al- mighty." While this conversation was going on Maria had re- covered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain re- velations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many to follow her to starvation and death. HER PHYSICAL APPEARANCE. She is a wo man of about five feet in height, and looks about forty years of age although only owning to thirty three. She is far from prepossessing in ap- pearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole community, she has a low retreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a sus- picious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and unsual. She has a massive lower jaw. Without waiting to have any questions put to her SHE COMMENCED A RAPID STATEMENT As follows :--- "I have had those trances since child- hood. I don't know what happens to me when I am in them; I believe the Lord speaks to me then. I only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often speaks to me." This closed the conversation, and she was advised not give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum. AID TO THE SUFFERERS. The only money they had received up to Saturday was £9 from the German Association in Adelaide. Half a ton of flour, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit and medical comfort's, have this morning been despatched to the camp, which is 30 miles distant from Benalla. Dr. Nicholson also went out, and arrived at Hill Plains on Monday afternoon. He telegraphed to the effect that the disease they were suffering from was LAND SCURVY, Brought on by improper and insufficient food. He ex- pressed himself satisfied with the personal cleanliness of the settlers. The provisions ordered by Inspector Smith arrived late on Sunday evening in charge of Mr. Coghill, of Major Plains, but a dray load had arrived during the previous day. These provisions had been sent by Mr. Hill the manager of the bank at Dookie South, in compliance with the request of Mr. Holmes, P.M. Dr. Nicholson considered that there is a possi- ability of the patient's recovering. He had, however, no interpreter with him, and could not freely con- verse with them, and had therefore to be content with a physical examination. While Dr. Nicholson was examining tho sick boy, the woman Heller had one of her hysterical fits in the same hut. 