£ieui& of Willis. nnptBTurxB Day, as all our readers are aware, will fall on next Saturday. The usual Saturday auction, will consequently take pl.ee on Friday, and the vanon. ootatoe aonru for Boxjor day will be found m onr other crinmoa. The bank. wrU of on Christmas Day, and will not open bll the following Tuesday. Tab English Mxit. trill close in Ham ilton on Tnreday, and Onr letter Home will appear in our next irene. Person, deurnns of obtaining extra copies should gixe timely notice. Wateb Supply. — Mr. G. Gordon, Chiel Engineer of Victorian Water Supply, arrived here on Monday night, for the pnrpose of personally inspecting tbe van- OOB sources from which Hamilton might obtain that anpply of water which she ao sadly need.. Yesterday morning he had an interview with his worship the Mayor, and at aboat noon he drove off in a boggy with Mr. W. Smith, the borongh engineer, to make himself acquainted with onr swamps and other water-gathering placet They first went to Dooling Pooling, and after having taken the necessary observations pro ceeded to Crocknoor. They next vinted Mount Baimbridge,- where Mr. Smith ex plained his own scheme ; after which they went down the river Wannon from the Negretti Fall, to those at Bedrutb. Unless they had eome bottles in the basket which abonld be found in all baggie, at this time of the year, they must have been thoroughly impressed witb tbe necessity of having a better Bystem of water supply, as tbe Ban .bone viciously upon them all day. Of course Mr. Gordon committed himself to no opinion with regard to any of the proposed schemes, and it is unlikely that he will do so until afteT be has digested tbe lot. To day he wiU proceed to Mount Napier, and he' will again be accompanied by Mr. Smith. Death of Inspector Disney. — -We are sorry at having to announce the death of Mr. Hubert Disney, who daring tbe lut tour years acted as inspector of police in the Hamilton district. The event was not unexpected, as the deceased gentleman bad been a confirmed invalid for a long time past, and it was often thnngbt by bis friends that be conld not live from one day to another. However, he at length succumbed at a late hour last mgbt, very deeply regretted by all who ki ew bim. He was tbe eldest sou of tbe Rev. Harry Disney, of Mitcbels- t< vu, in tbe connty of Cotk, and arriving in this colony in 1852, he was made a cadet 10 December oi thai year. Io 1853 he w8 promoted >o tbe rank of Snb-in.pector ot Police, and during several years afterwards he did very severe escort duty, wbich is be lieved to have undermined bis constitution. ServingatMarj borough, Beech wortb, Ballarat, Castlemaine, and many other places, he rose by degrees to tbe position of lirst-clase senior inspector. He oaine here from Kyneton aboat four years since, and bis sot»a« qnent career is sufficiently well-known to onr readers. He was exceedingly popular witb all classes, especially with hu brother officers and those serving under bim. a week ago we announced that continued in disposition obliged him to retire from the service on gratuity, at the early age of 44 years, 23 of which were spent in harness. The fnnerai cortege, wbich will doubtless be a long one, will move from the deoeased'a late resides oe in French -street, at two o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The Cable Communication between Penang aud Madras has been restored, as will be seen in onr telegraphic intelligence, whiob contains some important items of home D6WA The Weather. — Somehow or other, people ere never eetiafied with tbe weather. Lut week the complaint was that we had almost reached the longest day without expe riencing any rammer, and yesterday the Englishman's privilege of grumbling was exercised because the thermometer registered 100 degree io the shade of Mr. Farroll's verandah. Que votdez-vouef as the French- man grid. Licensing Bench. — On Monday about a d» zeo hutelkeepers iu aod around Hamilton put io an appeara joe before the Police Magis trate and Mr. Laidlaw, J. P., to ask for re newals of tbrir licenses j and, no objection beiog i ffered by tbe police or any one else, all the applications were granted without even even so much as a caution, which refleots much credit on all concerned. Mr. Mitchell Mackay nrxt applied, through Mr. Samuels, for a liceose for his new house to be called the Town Hall Hotel, aud the same objection was taken as on the previous occasion — namely, that the building was too close to the State school. However, the Bench took « business-like view of the matter, and granted the application oo condition chat Mr. Mackay would fence off a portion of ground between the licensed premises and the school, and make auoe necessary alteration io the stable. This Mr. Mackay willingly promised to do. Curious Coincidence. — Whilst Mr. Wucdo was talking treason and water in the Assembly a few nights ago, with a view of getti >g the Hoose to assist him io playing tricks upon contractors, the acting Govern ment printer was engaged in preparing for bis lively G-zalte, a brief declaration to the effect that the tender of Daoiel Living stone for tw«» drinking fountain, one for the Ararat and Hamilton line of railway, aod the other for the Hamilton and Portland line, each at £8 16a, had been accepted. Inquest at Boohaba. — Mr. H&mil-; too, P.M., held an luquest at Bichara yes terday, on the body of a boy named John M'Rionoo, who was accidentally drowned in a waterbole on tbe previous day. Margaret M'Kinoon, wife of Dogald M'Kinoon, de pueed as follows j— Ou tbe 20th of this month, in the eveniog, I was with my children oatside the house. Deoeased and his brother run down towards tbe waterbole, and I followed them, but before I got there I heard a splash, and the deceased fell into the hole. I got a rope aod went into the hole as far as I cuuid, bat, owing. to tbe depth of water, conld not reach my son. A man named Sale oame to tbe hole, and another man, Samuel Stern, dived for and got tbe body out. The deceased was six years old. Samuel Stern, a labourer residing at Bochara, stated that be beard Mrs. M'Kin- nnn calling out from the waterhule, and went to her assistance. He supposed that tbe deoeased was in the water aboat teo minutes before he was brought out. He was quite dead when taken from tbe hole. The jury returned tile following verdict ; — 4< That the deceased, John M'Kinnon, was acci dentally dfowned at B«»chra on the 20th day of December, 18$, by falliog into a waterbole near foe parents- residence?1 Our Picture Papers. — The Christ mas numbers of the AusbraJxan Afaos ami the Sktfcher have reached us, aud we have no hesitation in pronouncing them a credit to tbe colony. The first-named contains a very good engraving entitled 4 The Return to the Old Hunting Gronnds ;n a spirited sketch of the game of "polo," recently plsyed in Albert Park ; a well drawn view of New. castle, S.S.W. (with key), aod many other interesting subjects. The Skddier has also a good coloured engraving, 4 Tbe Old Race and the New,?-' or a young lady, whom we t&fee; tp ira a bqaatterfe dau|ter, supporting a venerable old pativs woigan io )er' inarch towards — the grave. Whether t" keep and bind up with tbe rest, ' or to send home by the next mail, each of these illustrated papers is worth far more than the price re quired for it. Tenders fob Forage for the police for the year commencing let March are in vited iu another column. Further partioulais can be had at any of the police stations. Mr- Bon?) has fraen elected a member ot ihe Board of AdyiflC for" the school district of Mount Rouse, Donkeld Races.— The programme of tbe Duokeid Boxing Oay 'raoes will be found io another column. Six events are announced, and the entries are to be made before noon on tbe day of running. It is stated that there will be a dauoe in the even ing. '"Pgpjpjp.— ' hpn, fepretaiy 0f the k'au (Joininil£--e 'd'-sirfesBo- sckliow lodge ' toe wr Mr. W:'jr "Sfciek, J- mwraeunnr, of tbe Qolerop Qiab, r"B® » d-utioB front Mr. «f £2 2v ' - -. Hi, food Traugmar, of Colenine, »_ ; rainei for the jiurpoMiof porckning tropny to be .warded to tile c.ab which win. the greatest number of cup Xnatchte during this aaaon. . Will not some of our Hamilton Rovers of the " noble guse " follow the excel - lent example set them by Meesrs- Muremv and' Trapgmar 7 Tue Cuji match, Colenine v. Belfast, which should have tekm pl.ot on S»tardy last, fell through, theSeUtetines not putting in «n appearance. Our own team are next in order, and will ply <>Q New Year's Day t Colerame. Ae the holder, are iu good "form," we should like to see our local plsyera doing some pre- liminaiy prachoe. Accident: — We regret to learn that a poor litt-e fellow, aged live years, tbe son of Mr. Thomas Walker, of Imsdale-.treet, broke ooe of bis arma yesterday evening, by falling while playing with bis eiater. He bravely stood tbe resetting of the bone, and wsa progressing favourably last night. « Parliament aby Reform." — We have received from Mr. E. 6. FitzGibbon, town clerk of Melbourne, a copy of his pamphlet, " Parliamentary Reform : Perman ent Government and Progress tnee Selfishness, Party wrangling and Stagnation.' Cavendish. — A correspondent writing on Wednesday says " Yesterday an in teresting gathering took plaoe in onr church here. The Sabbath abbolare and teacher, mat to present an address wnd eouvaar to Mi— Lowe, who has long laboured as a teacher in the Sunday School, and is leaving the district. The presentation waa made by Mr. G. Garton, one of tbe teach ere, and deep regret waa expressed at parting witb one who bad worked with most puns taking industry ainoe her connexion with the school. Mies Lowe, by her kindnesses and unaffected manner., has won tbe esteem of all, and her lues is deeply regretted here. — The heavy rain on Saturday night and Sunday has filled the basin between Kenilworth and the township to such an extent that Mr. E. Crossley, was able on Monday, without difficulty, to make the journey from Kenilworth to the township in his boat, a feat he conld not per haps have done daring the whole wioter." Victorian Humane Society. — We have reoeived the report (if the brat annual meeting of the Victorian Humane Society. The pamphlet requires revision, as it speaks of Mr. MTlwraith as Mayor of Melbourne for 1875, though we all know be reased to act io that capacity in 1874 ; and it woold stand eome "cutting down," as it mainly consists of adulatory twaddle concerning tbe officers. The cost of the printing of their names, styles, and titles, would be as much as a substantial donation, whilst that of re porting and publishing their speeches should be st lesst something more than the amouut necessary to constitute s life governorship. Onr Council gave them s trifle last year ; but we hope they will keep tbeir next ohtqae back uotil tbey more dearly Bee what tbey are aekefi to pay for. Contracts Accepted. — The accept- ance 4 the following teudere baa jual Deeo gazetted .'—Office furniture for the court- bouses at Casterton and Hey wood, £110, W„ J. Ptflett ; paiuting and fenciog at th Hexham Poet and Telegraph Office, £162 9s T. Cole. Haruo Saiata. — We received from Mr. T. F. Cbuck, tbe well -known photo grapher, a well -executed carte de vutUe of tbe above gentleman, who u ooe <>f the Jaitancse Commissioners for tbe Philadelphia Exhibition. New Magistrates. — Messrs. John Boud, Horabam ; Richard Brown Broughton. K'tut Narien, Harrow; and George North, Stangate Park, Sheppartoo, have been en trusted wi«h the ootnmisdinn of the peace. M.r. Walter Madden Land Officer at Horsham, has been relieved of the duty uf oolleetiog revenue. Appointments. — Mr. Abraham Robert Please has beau gazetted harbourmaster and pilot at Belfast, and Mr. John Ross has been appointed deputy registrar of births and deaths at Byaduk, vice Mr. L. Anderson, resigned. Convictions for Scab. — Mr. Con- stantine S teddy has been fined £50 at Bal larat, and Mr. Peter O'Hair a similar sum at Kilxnore, for breaches of section 67 of tbe Scab Act ; and Mr. Patrick Darcy 10 for a breach of section 49. Rxt.v: of Station. — Mr. Trebeck re ports having, in conjunction with Mt-ssre, Madine, Riu, and Clark, of Wagga W«gg&, sold on aooount of Messrs. Austin, Taoge, and Couoens, tbeir Urawilkie station, n.s.w., with 9300 sheep, at 14s 65 per bead; 950 cattle, at £5 10s per bead; land for £500; horses, storm, Ac., at a valuation. Mr. Duncan M4Rae, purchaser. The Press. — The first number of the Uarracoorte Herald , a weekly newspaper which makes a very creditable appearance both in the literary and typographical de partments, is to haod. Also we have to acknowledge the receipt of tbe Ediuca Daily< Times, a small sheet printed by Mr. Haalam, formerly of Colac. The Railway. — The following pithy remarks occurred in the leading columns of the Dally Telegraph of Saturday last, on a subject which can scarcely fail to interest our readers : — 44 Tenders for the Hamilton aud Ararat Railway were opened yesterday, aod the lowest was found to be £20,000 Jess than the estimate of the department. This will be some consolation to Mr. Woods. But the conduct of tbe Opposition iu coonecti»n with tbirt subject is wholly inexplicable. They obtained a vote fur the lioe, and they called for tenders, aod yet Mr. Woods declares he never meant to aocept one. That is, the contractors were to make inquiries, to work at the quantities, to arrange aboat securities, to come to forms with the banks to advances, fo send io their heavy ca»ti deposits, and all for nothing. What wonM be thought of a business man who called fur tenders for a boose, and deolioed to aocept one, sayiog, 4 Gentlemen, i am satisfied with yoor « ffers ; they are lower than 1 expected ; yoor security is good, but I never bed tbe remotest intention of building.' Possibly .11 notion would lie. at any rate, each naodact is wholly unworthy of . nations! Govern ment, nod we mast decline to believe thst Mr. Woods ever inteeded to be guilty of it. Some of his colleague, entirely disroot from him. Mr. Berry bss . vehement belief that Hamilton is entitled to . railway, only tbe terminns, he says, should be Geelong, and not Ararat. Perhaps eo j bnt this brings us to the original question— Why did the Berry Government pledge the department by calling for Ararat tenders J In n question of this sort the country has a right to expect that its responsible Ministers will act judicially, and solely for the best iotereets of the lend. The calm, unfettered decision of any Go vernment ie entitled, in a business matter, to respect. It comes witb a .bock, there fore, to find a Ministry— even a Berry Ministry — prooeeding to carry ont a railway one day, aod immediately on being ejected from office, jumping round and describing the line as a "political job." Had they remained in office they would have token credit lor launching a work which they now stigmatise as nefarious. Parliament may be excused for confesstog itself puzzled about tiie hqna Jide of the line, and' as to the pnblrc, it uan only feel its confidenoe further shaken in its public men." The Telegraph adds, in another part of tbe paper, "ixie distance is sixty-six miles, so that tbe line promises to be the cheapest ever constructed in Victoria. There were six tenderers in Ml." Dbik-Dbik and Nelson Mails. — Tenders wilt be reoeived by tbe Postmaster- General until noon of the 4th of next Jaenary, for the carriage of m.ila to and from Drik-Drik and Nelson, by way of Johnston's, once a we-k. Th$ Rfiy. R. K. Einq.— nnder: stood tbtit thifi cus, ' which fia so long engaged the Attention of the Presbyterian Church, is likely to be aatififecborily arranged. At a recent meeting of the Beech worth con gregation a letter w&e; read from the Rev. J. K. Macmfilan, urging the congregation and Mr. Ewiog cordially to acquiesce in tbe decision of the last general assembly. The congregation were unanimous in asking Mr. Ewiog to fall in with the proposal made by tbe assembly. Mr. Ewiog, on being thus appealed to, resigned hie connection with -the' Congregation, who have generously resolydd to pay his stipend while tbe investigation into his ease is beiog proceeded with, aod if he is admitted as a mioister of the Presbyterian Church uf Victoria, he will again be called by t.lrea rninommfinn «tul Im indnetod u ' their pastor. Lands Open for Selection. — The following holdings, fasve been revoked, and will be open -for selection on end after the 3).t Deoember (—Hamilton district — Gastev J.kobi, parish' of Einyyabyf, f>r p- Part <11 Jemss Hobo's lioeoro, nsrisn of £ nesth, 36, 3r 33p. Of Simon M'-Evqy, puish "f Waoknrkuok, 266 Or 10p- Henry Fleck, \- - — — S09,2r27p- Heury Stan- parish of Moor. .- L ' " ' " 07 £'»»« J ley, pariah tQf Muure, 3l5#»- Jaqe Btanley, pariah of M or- e, 213 3r 38p. James -parish ef Edenhope, 319 3r I7p. . William O-Brieo Howes, pa-n»h of Ktogerfoog, 10 John Gaudy, pwieh of KaDxertoog, 10s. Ararat ditriut — Job a M'Oostt, jwish of Evcrslcy, 297s St 20p- fi'.bert Edmondston, parish of I 16\. 3r 37p. Horah«mdUtrict-Hh.l,> I son, parish of Vectis Eaat, 27 Balmoral Racks. — These event, I which emprise two hurdle and fUUr races will come off on Bering Day, the 97 V U iOBtUJ. We regret to learn that Mr. William I Anderooo, for many years mansuer aL P I horet for Messra. Cramond sud D.d I died there yesterday afternoon. He ' H old and mncb respected resident in I uSSereiSi — b I Important Sale.— In another column i will be funnd the prelimieair aunounepn I of the sale, by Messrs. BrS, 0 I Co on an early date, of the ChurehoF E0if I hmd Parrooe rewirve. The property be disposed of in convenient lots or abent m scree each, according to the plan of euh siou to he seen si the auctioneers' offi H The Market Sheds.— Young as Ham I iltoo ib, she ouriog suiue yean, past bowuJ of a nun ; but yesterday Bbe lc«t it, end wit I oat very deep regret. It consists ofsraH I timber bnilding uf tbe packing-cue oph ! I architecture, railed the MsxkeLstaeds"smi I one can now remember why it sr.. " erected in Market Square. On Saturday thl I structure was knocked down by the h.m»T I ot Mr. Mom, for £21, and yreterd.y fc??? I moval by that of the purchaser, Mr. Ja-J Willett, who will long be haunted bvT I ghosts of the stray goats that nsed to be .lain within its murderous walla H The Funders-lane Tragedy.— Men- 1 day's Herald thns supplements our teleorsm" I rebting to the above horrible catastrophe- "Alice Mankiewitcz wssohargedthiemoroi st the City Court with attempting to commit I anicide. The woman is the' wile of the on furtnnate man who killed himself on Friday B night lost, at a honae of ill-fame to Fliodera I lane, which was inhabited by the wom,n B a Mr. Day, who had charge of ths home, fl stated that he had given the woman in char fl n consequence of threats she made on S.tur- fl day night against her own life. She had evidently been drinkiog freely, but no evi- fl dence was given that ebe really made sn I attempt to kill herself. Mrs. Mankiewiu-z fl aid she did not intend to ose violence H towards herself. She wss remanded till fl Friday next for medical inquiry." Onr Mel. fl bourne correspondent also refers to the sad' I ease. H Applications Approyed (sec. 19).— fl John Maguire, Laang , John Jj. DcVei'lu. I Eversley ; Bodulpb J. Greene, Morrl Morri. fl Wiiliam Potter, Joel Joel ; Kobert Grimer' fl Watta Wella ; John M-j .r, Ksdnook j fl -lames Blackwood, sen., Horipnr ; Geone fl Uryan. Wombelano ; George Upton Dev. fl rang ; Elizateth C. M'Kecbme, Bil-bU Wrt- fl Thomas Clayton, TuoiaDg and Urangani'l Alfred Lui-ae, Willaiook ; Joseph Jsvhaet! fl G erak ; Tboma- Kubinaon, Ke»>li jjut. fl Alfred Sanders, Q rantong ; Hugh Cuuernn' fl junr., Telangatnk ; George B-riey, JUBj fl Jung; Martin Nouu, Jang Jang ; Wdlum A. Patterson, Wallop ; Mary Kealey, Bring, fl albert ; William Meek, Natimuk ; Arthur Gratwick", Natimnk ; El a, Mutt, Nstunnk Thomro Kieler, Nauruuk ; William White! Nnllan j J-.hn M'Nrill, Natimak ; Jehu Mitchell, Natimnk ; David Walton, Nab. mok ; Christian Lewitzka, Nstunnk - C. P Hayman, Natimuk ; Christian Lewiitki! fl Natimnk ; George Webster, Natimnk ; band Oldbam, Natimnk; Johan Jensy, Natimiilt'fl Alexander M'Phee, Natimuk ; Thomu At! ten borongh, Natimnk ; James Meek, Nali. mnk; Jauies Meek, Natimnk; John Filrnir M»kanger ; Hugh . Oxen barn Walters, Mo. kanger ; Maurice Gee, Wuoblpooer ; Alfred fl George Fb.yed, Wuohlpooer ; Arthnr Jnbt fl Dark, Mirranatwa ; William Doyle, Brl-Bil- fl Wyt ; Charles Duucan, Cavendish ; Chatla fl D-noho, Weecnrra; Simeon Dnrbridge, fl Killars. (Sec. 20 ) — Ann Young, Wm. Tel> ford, aod Th-maa Hntchins, Parnps; Wm, fl M-Ginmskin, Munivae; John Oliver, Byadok- fl Henriclt Schmidt, Nstunnk; John Bulgetjfl Trentham ; J. T. Kennedy, Jarragal ; John fl Maher, Macarthnr ; Charles Loess, Tsllsn- fl gatta; James Wilson, Broadwater; Bernard fl Nnlty, Coropook; Juhn Lillie and Robert fl Hicks, executors of C. M'B. Wfayte, Mocsm-fl bom; Mary Jane Smith (nee Barker), Pmdeetfl East; Jobaon Miebns, Jenn&warra; Henyl Huntly Cavendish : Joseph Smith, Purdeet East ; Thomas Moran, Karup Karup ; James Reece, Purdeet East ; Thomas Hmy. Bell, fl Langerenong and Jang Jang ; J..hn Martin, B Toolongarook ; Friedrich Fiegert, Dmnifl Drnog ; Booald Campbell. Lf..DgereiT>eg,'m Henry Keyte, Natimnk ; Jomen Keyte,rii>B-fl muk ; F. W. Sndholz. Natimnk ; Dognld I M'Lachbn, Greenhiils ; Walter Doff Tyrec I darra; William Csthels, Gorac ; Micbiei Qaigley, Garvoc ; Norman M'Swain. Pnruim; Thomas Kelly, Pnrnim. (Sec. 49.)— Muyfl Harding, Byaduk. B We are requested to call atten-B tioD lj the aalb by Mr. J% G« Moss, of Rc.H M air's stuck of drapery, to be held to-mor- H row and Friday. H Messrs. Bree, Dickens and Co,H request ue to call attention to tbe fict tbitfl their uu«I Saturday sale will thi week be I held oo Friday, as Saturday will be Christ- H mas Day. H 