WAS IT. ,GHOST ? A coritespoldulit of the Ba -of Plenty Times thly writes : ''A most extraordinary starccy has been related by cicoct'ral gentlemen whichu hits cln'iced nolittle amount t of disecssion. T he story is :-Scince short time agoc rh' relators left this place in a whale-boat for cii 1 k cicng'i called I W'acicihlni, "a feiv ciles iclocig the inn"gin of. the lace; that: after landing ctd reicitinii" fo sor n tirte they deevded to stay firn the night, ivid liailly took uip their quiartets iti cut Id Maori ware. In the eveniit i 'they made a fire in the house and retired to rest. '!hair siuc bet woere ncto soft as could bie desir~ed ho vv J; fu, 19}i', a short tithe siui ulcs 'stangc ccac un natura,'i salutetd the isof ftlcQ wivoild be sleepers, and very soon cf ter c very atrticnge figure ' 'cudl its fppentnieO'itoi the %lha t t, ;aid-:foil 'iiji -"'n - sosition' before the tire. The occcpnts of the hicise, it en be ccasi y i inginced; ctid not care particuc c ly for a being in Ruch a q testinniccchlcle-.cipr, indic isome of' hen. 'gui' titd iii lcccii liccd tiitibi bng, niul SLa aiifteri they li ftf' the hoise the rest r nciciiie' 'Iwith I thiuic'' clicils ucder.the blinkcts.O Qe ,gh-tictenii ccuiirgeously seizei'cl ci firying; pan cccid shied it cit thle 5iiject, which ii- ci diniclffled from c tiihir gcze, but cot like c heautiful dream u TiIe spectc'e is described' as liebiig ini liii' ccliiefic c assn, of a light colour, large grey beurtd, with eyes like halls of fire, acid` seemed its if it hail just emerged fro the water ts its had cicis civered with water-cress htnging downi tic its shhiuutcs, about three feet ic height and a pftch t khletoitnt] intsit ithlked or 'obbied thiny could, heitiits.Icin's rattle lile dicu in 'ac i. b ihe story is well nctheuttientcacll by till i h o c'werep (eenti (t'ropic ii ), ccid~tlciubcice tin? doubt but that some etticce i oh- fury i set wis seen by them, but whethe' a spirit. from' heaven cr-- ai ' gobilin dfc ned ' icnlins at present i irt fonsul mystery.Jp" FTTf The blh( efollows nria becoming morn troublesomio itt the Palitniliut rind ccc gd ' -iatiny intirde-rs fis boon coumitted of white moic and Obinosq, 