CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS. ... CHRIST CHURCH. This edifice, a thorough type of aa old Eng-;:. lisli churclx 'with its ancient-looking tower and ivy-covered-walls, lias, in accordance with the time-honored custom, heeh subjected to a neat and very handsome floral decoration in honor of the anniversary of the nativity of our Saviour. On entering the church the lirsfc ornamentation which strikes the eye is the oak pulpit interwoven with holly, contrast ing nicely with the natural colour of the wood, and the pleasingly careless manner in' which fair liauds have beautified it renders it one of the best decorative efforts about the building. The reading desk is similarly adorned, whilst in the wings, written in. letters of gold, are the words "Unto us a "Son is given." Each word hangs separately at short intervals, the material on which the motto is recorded being blue silk, surrounded with a border of green leaves, the effect being excellent. The gase liers have also received a share of attention, being almost hidden by floral adornments. The organ is beautifully decorated, being bung with festoons of flowers and boughs, whilst peeping out between the leaves, ap pears, in glittering gilt, the inscription— " Glory to God in the Highest." The choir railings are also richly ornamented, the tasto displayed being great, the different colors being so nicely relieved, by the introduction of the prairie grass flower, which rears its silvery head above the evergreens. On the walls are numbers of devices, all being applicable to the anniversary of Christ'3 birth. On the walls on either side of the church a passage of Holy "Writ appears— "Thou art the King of Glory, 0 Christ;" and "The Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost," being surrounded; like the others, with garlands of choice flowers. These deco rations, with the general homely appearance of the church, will go far to remind English men of the country which is so dear to them. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The decorations at tliis church in honour and commemoration of another Christmas, are truly beautiful and admirable. Simplo they certainly are, but on that account they . are not the less artistic. The perfection of art is to conceal art. If it be so, then tbo • fair decorators whose handiwork has so much tended to the festive beautilication of the sacred edifice of St. Paul's, have excelled themselves. The interior is riclily ornate in its present festal garb, and last evening—when we had an opportunity of glancing at the result of the efforts of the ladies and gentlemen who have so ably car ried out their labor of love—the effect of the whole was both neat and attractive. Along both aisles of the church, drooping gracefully from pillar to pillar, is au almost continuous festoon of evergreens, relieved with appro priate flowers. Then there is an inscription on-the walls very effectively executed in hlue and gold, "Godsent forth His Son," being elegantly wrought on the right side, and on the left the concluding words of the sentence, "and His name was called Jesus." The pulpit itself bears the simple word " Inunanuel" in. gold letters, and at the en trance are the words "Faith, hope, love," and " Unto us a child is born." The whole appearance of the building is tastefully set off not even the peW3 being without adorn ment Amongst the workers ilr A. R. Reed, we are informed, lent valuable assistance in executing and designing the decorations, which reflect much credit on the skill of the ladies, as well as on his own handiwork. AIL SAEsTS' CHURCH. This really handsome structure will to dav present to the view an extremely elegant and attractive appearance. The general de sign which is somewhat similar to that of lastvear, will embrace tbe words, "Glory to God in the Highest," described separately in floral circles, wreaths, and triangles. The word "Glory "will occupy the highest and most conspicuons point of the design. Im mediately beneath it, and on either side' of it will be two triangular shaped wreaths, en closing the words "to God" and "inthe," while under it, in a floral circlet, the final word "Highest" will appear and complete the sentence. The circles will display white letters on a red ground, and- the triangles gold letters with a hlue ex terior, these bringing the design out in a ddicate yet striking manner. Two Maltese crosses on either side, in red and hlue, and a wreath with " JLH.S." as its centre, will .set of the whole, and complete a very elegant device' appropriate to the present season. The whole appearance of the structure will he found to be charming, and such as will afford, an appropriate and pleasing emble matical device in the present season of re joicing and festivity. 