THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. SECCOND DAY. The annual sessions of this body were con- tinued on Wednesday, April 21. After a ministers' prayer meeting in the Hindmarsh Square Church Lecture Hall a business gather- ing was held at 11 a.m. The Rev. J. C. McMichael, the Chairman, presided, and a large number of ministers and delegates attended. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Rev. H. Cheetham moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the very manly and noble address he delivered on the previous evening. The Hon. R. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., in second- ing, said that such papers, if more frequent, would tend greatly to strengthen and fortify the Church. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., without dis- paragement of previous Chairmen, said he had never listened to an address of the kind with greater pleasure. (Hear, hear.) Not that he agreed with all the views propounded, for he was more at one with some of the authors quoted, but he admired very greatly their breadth and honesty. The paper set forth in the clearest and most powerful manner views antagonistic to the Chair man's conviction, and then his own views were set forth with that modesty and diffidence which belonged to every real searcher after truth. His (Mr. Jefferis's) pursuit of science, and especially of microscopic investigation, had led him to the belief that while God was all wise, and in many of the aspects of His physical government all loving, and while He was found working every- where it was always as God, in some aspects of His being to us utterly unknown; and when he saw he could not discover the true meaning hidden in a single blade of grass, or grain of sand he turned to questions of theology relating to the invisible realm of the King, and said to himself quietly and modestly, 'I don't expect to master these things, and will leave them among the many points undecided and undetermined until I get into the region where the light is brighter and the breadth of my own intelligence will become broader.' Referring to some controversial points, he remarked that upon the theory of endless punishment he was not in a position to decide and declare, and he simply used the language of Scripture with all humility, and left it to the consciences of his congregation to gather from his teaching what they could. The Rev. M. M. Dick, supported, agreeing as to the honesty and broadness of the address. The faith of many Church members was, he remarked, largely shaken by the imprudent ventilation of half-formed views, of which some who were considered very great authorities in England had been, he feared, guilty. The motion was carried, and the Chairman returned thanks. NEW MEMBERS. The following names were added to the roll of the personal members :— The Revs. A. Buchanan; Green's Plains ; R. N. Morris, B.A., Angaston ; and J. Barber, Happy Valley. ROLL OF DELEGATES. The list of delegates was read as follows :— Stow Church— Messrs. R. Stuckey, J. Tasker, W. Berry, S. J. Stuckey, A. Adamson, M. Goode, T. U. Scrutton. D. Robin, C. Fisher, J. Knox, and H. Dean. North Adelaide— Messrs. J. Porter, R. Searle, J. Grote. J. Tasker, jun., A. S. Devenish, J. Green, J. F. Conigrave, A.Dowie, J. Masters, and W. Hill. Hindmarsh-square— Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. W. D. Allott, C. Smedley, J. A. Chartier, J. M. Dowie, W. Bonnett, S. Whitmore, and W. C. Buik. Gawler— Rev. J. C. McMichael, Messrs. C. Cox, J. Davies, and J. Finch. Hindmarsh — Rev. J. McEwin, Messrs. J. E. Mitton, G. Burnell, S. Smith, J. Shearing, and J. Mitton. Glenelg— Hons. W. Parkin, R. A. Tarlton, Messrs. J. Counsell, J. H. Russell, J. W. Davis, and J. Storrie. Clayton— Rev. T. Hope, Messrs. E. T. Smith, G. Wood, and G. Miller. , Kapunda— Rev. W. Hopkins, Messrs. W. Old- ham, D. Will, and R. Cameron. Maclaren Vale — Messrs. J. Howie, J. Brown, and M. Burgess. Wallaroo— Rev. T. Lloyd. ; Kadina— Rev. W. Wilson. Milang — Rev. H. Cheetham. Alma— Rev. M. H. Dick, Messrs. T. Freebairn and & Aitchison. Green's Plains— Rev. A. Buchanan. Salisbury — Rev. J. R. Ferguson. Happy Valley— Rev. J. Barber and Mr. L. G. Klose. Shipley -Mr. A. Russell. Port Adelaide— Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, T. Michelmore, and J. Ballantyne. Encounter Bay and Bald Hills— Rev. C. Hodge and Mr. L. Y. Tite. Angaston— Rev. R. N. Morris, Messrs. E. Keynes and E. Salter. Border Town— Mr. D. Milne. REPORTS, ETC. The various statements made on the previous evening were adopted with additions and amend ments. The proposed constitution of the Aged Ministers Provident Fund was considered and amended. UNION COLLEGE. The Rev. J. Jefferis, while the report on this institution was under consideration, said he would as one of the tutors like to enlist the increased sympathies of the Churches generally in the College. A quiet steady work was being done among the young men, but not a third of what might be done with the same expenditure. Of his class of nine members seven were out of his own Church, and although that was very satisfac tory to him as a pastor, yet it was not so when he considered his position as a tutor of the College. They ought to have at least three times the present number of students. The Rev. J. R. Ferguson remarked that the College was instituted for the primary purpose of preparing young men for the ministry, and while they were all glad that the College had been so successful, and was affording such high class and sound education for the superior young men of their Churches, still at the same time they were in great want of young men for the ministry, and it must be borne in mind that the College was for this purpose. It was gratifying that young men were availing themselves in such numbers of the superior education afforded; but could not the efforts of the Council be more concentrated upon encouraging young men to enter the College with a view to the Church? Too strong expressions could not be used on this point, for the want of preachers was the great need of the Churches, and he hoped the College would be kept as a seminary for theological students. The Rev. J. Jefferis— The College was simply a theological institution, and had been so since the University was established. There was a tutorship for Biblical and Church history, another for the exegises of the Greek Testament, and a third for theology proper. At present there were no definite theological students in the classes, which contained 23 or 24 students. This was a fair number, but it should be much larger. They could not, however, educate ministerial students until they had funds for supporting them, and the cost would be from £80 to £100 for each person. Now the whole cost of tutorship was £50 a year, paid to each master— a sum merely intended by the Council as an honorarium and not as payment. He could not endorse any application for entrance into the College with the definite object of joining the ministry by any young man engaged in business during the daytime. No ministerial training could be considered at all adequate to the requirements of the Churches and the present age unless three or four years were given solely to study. (Question.) Well, he thought so. They could not expect that young men who were engaged ten or twelve hours a day in business, and had consequently very little leisure time, could be adequately educated for the ministry. He deprecated it— (Hear, hear)— still, local preachers might receive great advantage from the classes. Mr. R. Searle said the inadequate salaries offered to ministers was at the root of the whole matter. (Hear, hear.) Many of the young men engaged in business were well qualified to be- come ministers, but the remuneration was so exceedingly small that they preferred the middle course, and devoted what spare time they had to the cause of the Master. The Rev. F. W. Cox believed many young men in mercantile circles would prove very interesting and useful as occasional preachers, but he did not know how it would do if they devoted themselves to continual work as they were. He had long wished that some of these could be induced to enter the ministry, for they were to a certain extent tried men. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. H0pkins remarked that years would elapse before the College produces any ministers. What, he asked, were the sons of wealthy parents doing? Were they on reaching 15 or 16 to be merely sent into offices, and were they to be content, through filling respectable situations, to become gigantic money - bags without doing more? The Rev. J. Jefferis said they were fulfilling to a considerable degree the ends at first pro- posed, viz.— First, to educate such ministerial students as they might get; and, secondly, to educate such ministerial workers, and co workers connected with the Churches as they would be sure to obtain. The last aim was being fulfilled to a great extent, and he hoped the other would also. Ihe Rev. W. Hopkins thought it indispen- sable that the Churches should take up the matter, and provide a fund for young men, so tbat they might have sustenance while devoting themselves to the Christian work. ( Hear, hear.) Mr. J. Masters did not think they need feel dispirited at the way in which the Collage was carried on; still it would be better if they had funds for the support of talented young men. The Rev. T. Hope said the question had often been brought forward, and yet nothing had been done, and nothing could be effected until the Churches took action. The Chairman — Would you make a proposi- tion by-and-by, Mr. Hopkins ? (Hear, hear) An adjournment was then made for luncheon. DEPUTATION FROM THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The Rev. J. M. Day, on being invited to speak, said the Rev. J. L. Parsons and another had been appointed to accompany him, but they were unavoidably absent, and he added that he had attended as representing the Baptist Asso- ciation to express the brotherly sympathy of the members of that body with the Independents. It might perhaps be thought that these friendly greetings were likely to come to be only a matter of form, but his own impression was that it was exceedingly good that they had started the practice of sending messages of fra- ternal sympathy from one denomination to the other, and he hoped the custom would con- tinue, and that ultimately, perhaps, they would merge into one large ecclesiastical body. (Hear, hear.) But whether they did that or not, he was persuaded that they should con- tinue to think of each other as members of one Christian family, and they did not claim brother- hood merely by virtue of any resolution they might pass, but rather by virtue of their union with one common Saviour. It was true, as their Bible and their own experience taught, that when one member suffered all suffered, and therefore, as a member in the Christian com- munion of this colony, he could say that the Congregationalists felt unfeigned joy in what ever success at the movements of the Baptists, and they also deeply sympathized with their brethren in any disappointment that arose at any time in their work. He was glad they did not simply say that a friendly feeling existed between the two denominations, but there were directions in which they could prove this by working together. He was pleased at the success of their magazine. Denominational it used to be, but that distinction had now ceased, and he hoped the paper would ulti- mately grow into the representative magazine of all the Churches of the colony. In connection with Union College, he was very glad to note that the Independents, Presbyterians, and Baptists had worked together, and he hoped and believed united effort would continue. (Applause.) The Chairman read a letter from the Rev. Mr. Parsons, in which he said, after apologizing for his absence :— ' Our Asso- ciation desires to greet your Union on the broad platform of our common Chris- tianity, and earnestly prays that to-night and throughout your annual gatherings you may realize the richest spiritual blessings, and the presence of the Lord Jesus, whose we all are. For once, at least, we would fain interchange Christian courtesies, without either mentioning or hearing of any difference between us. We are not divided from you, but are with you in all the grand essentials of the Gospel. We wish to lock only upon the substantial unity that binds us together. The world is broad enough for the faithful, conscientious testimony and toil of all the loyal disciples of the Christ. We may not only tolerate but honour each other. We may be sure, too, that those whose eyes are single and whose hearts are pure are bearing their portion of our Lord's travail, and are equipped and sent forth by Him to fulfil His joy and accomplish His purposes. We have our witness to bear to the vitality, to the spirituality, and to the plainness of the Christian faith. Its strength is not spent, for its mission is not yet accomplished. Its true essence is the revelation of God as a Spirit, who to be accept- ably worshipped must be worshipped in Spirit and in truth, who quickens believers by the Holy Ghost, and who makes them partakers of the Divine nature through faith in the Redeeming Saviour. Its meaning is level with and clear to the understandings of the common people. Its ministers are preachers to proclaim the evangel of love, and pastors to feed and care for the flock— not priests to offer sacrifices to God or mediate for men. Sacerdo- talism and Sacramentalism are foreign to its Divine simplicity, and no man and no class of men may of right interpose between the soul and the living God. There is one mediator, the man Chi ist Jesus. Through dark and stormy epochs the Independents have bore firm and faithful, witness to these foundation verities, and they! in whose name I address you pray that in this! era of ferment and unsettlement your testimony' may be asfirm and forcible as in the past. We pray also that your Churches and all the Churches in this land may be revived and; multiplied exceedingly.' (Applause.) . ?' The Chairman then expressed the pleasure; felt at Mr. Day's presence, and said he believed tte sympathies of the two denominations were ? one and the union was hearty, and ho desired : especially to feel thankful aud gratified that' Mr. Day appeared before them inanewcharacter. He had now, he (the Chairman) was happy to say, been induced to accept the tutorship of tha \ Greek Testament Class in Union College. (Hear, ? hear.) This was a step in the right direction. ; The working of the institution had been very ? satisfactory, and he believed that tho united action on the part of the Baptists, Indepen dents, and Presbyterians was as hearty ? and genuine as it could possibly be. He trusted Mr. Day's hopes would be realized, and respecting tha differences between the denominations thought they were so trifling as not to ba worth men tioning. The Union accepted and eordially returned the Delegate's assurances, and would ] rejoice with the Baptists in their joys and sym pathize with them in their difficulties. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Day then withdrew. THE REV. 0. MANTHOBPB. i In view of the approaching departure of Mr. ? Manthorpo for the old country the following motion was agreed to on tha proposition of the Rev. W. Wilson of Kadina, seconded by Mr. W. C. Buik :— ' That this meeting, having heard with deep regret tho necessity of theRev. C. Manthorpe's resting for a season from ministerial labours, in consequence of the infirm state of his health, for the recruitiag of which he is about to visit England, do hereby express its cordial sympathy with Mr. Manthorpe, his family, aud tha people of his charge in these trying circum stances, and express ita earnest prayer and hope that he will soon return amongst us with renewed health and strength and in the full enjoyment of all neadful providential and gracious blearing.' Mr. Manthorpo was unavoid ably absent, but the Hon. B. A. TarUtoa repliad on his behalf. CHAIRMAN. The Rev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, was elected Chairman for 1876-7. OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were appointed to act for the ensuing year:— Corresponding Secre tary, Bev. F. W. Cox; Finance Secretary, Mr. W. C. Buik; Minute Secretary, Mr. R. Searle; Treasurer, Hon. A. Hay; Auditors, Messrs. J. M, Anderson and D. Robin; Committee, RevF. H. Cheetham, J. Jefferi?, J. R. Ferguson, J. McEwin, A. Scales, C. B. Symes, and T. Bora; also Messrs. A. Adamson, J. A. Chartier, H. Dean, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, J. Growe, W. Newbould E. Phillips, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer, 8. Whitmore, C. Smedley, W. H. Phillips, G. P. Doolette, J. Pickering, jun., aad J. Tasker, jun. COUNCIL OF BEFEREXCE. ThaCouncQ was elected m annexed;— Bant J. C. MoMicbael, F. W. Cox, J. Jefferh, anJ J R. Ferguson; Hon. A. Hay, and Messrs. C. fimedley, W. C. Buik, and J. Btorrie. DELEGATES TO USIOH COIXEOB. Delegates were appointed as under:— Revs, j JefforiP, C. B. Sjmes, F. W. Cox, Hon. A. Hav, also Messrs. C. Smedley and R. Searle. DKTCTATION TO OTHKB RELIGIOUS BODIES. The Revs. T. Hope and J. McEwin won named delegates to represent the Union at ths other relicious organizations. ministers' provtokmt fond. Mr. D. Kobin was elected Secretary and tha Hon. R. A. Tarlton Treasurer of this fund. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS. ' It was resolved that the Committee bo em powered to arrange for the place at which to iold the half-yearly meeting'. The Council then adjourned till next day at 2 p.m., in consequence of the departure of tha English mail A luncheon, provided by Mr. Lindrum in White's Rooms, was attended by about CO persons. At the close Mr. Jefferis proposed aad Mr. Howie seconded a cordial vote of thanlu to Mr. Ferguson, the Chairman df the Union for tho past year. A subscription made in tha hall to aid an aged and infirm minister realized £il, and a collection in the evening was deroted to the same object. v UNITED COMMUNION. In the evening a Commuuhu Service w.u haM at the Hindmarsb-square Church, thi Kar. F. W. Cox, the pastor, presiding. Tbere wa-i a large attendance, the body of the buiding being full. The devotional exerciseB were conducted *-y ths Rtv. Messrs. Morris and Jeffetio. E-irnest addresses were delivered by tha Rsvs. M. McK. Diokand W. Hopkins, and^ the whole pnxwad ings were of a very impressive character. 