SIX DAYS IN THE MOUNTAINS OF COWLEY BY THE EDITOR. - NO. VIII. EVERY mystery has its solution. Those who are familiar with ghostly lore, know full well that even the most awful apparitions or thrilling adventures resolve themselves into some simple affair or owe their origin to natural and common- place causes. In the earlier num- bers, published many years ago, of Chambers's Tracts for the People, there may be found some capital ghost stories illustrative of the above remarks. It remains, there- fore, for me to proceed with THE SOLUTION of the extraordinary adventure re- corded in the foregoing paper. The denouement with which that chapter concluded, was, in short, that of one of the best concerted tricks which ever came under my notice. It was concocted by W. R. and G. F. at the fireside at Long Plain station on the previous even- ing. Two or three only, besides themselves, were in the secret; and its object was to try the effect of an apparition upon the nerves and courage of those of our party who were not in the secret. Never was there a better get-up for the role of a ghost; and really startling and supernatural as the effect was, under a partial failure of the plan, it would, but for one untoward circumstance, have been one of the best practical jokes upon record. The ghost-trick having been re- solved upon, preparations were next undertaken for putting it into prac- tice. B.'s chanter, with which he had beguiled the previous hours, was in the first place laid under contribution. That instrument was to perform an important part in the trick; and consequently several ex- periments were tried in order to ex- tract from it certain hideous sounds most approved as resembling those supposed to emanate from the spirit-world. Then old ropes were teased into hempen fibre, white cloths were in requisition, and the flour-bag itself taxed for a por- tion of its contents to complete the paraphernalia of a spectre. As for the intended plan of operations, all that was left to the party who were to carry out the ghost-trick. In the morning they accompa- nied us as far as Old Cooleman, where they left us for the direct route to the first cave, having first used every precaution to ensure secrecy, and obtained from us a pledge that in the event of violence being offered to them by any of the affrighted members of the party, we would interpose to protect them. Just as were parting, a horseman was discerned crossing the plain in the direction W. R. and G. F. were about to pursue. This caused some further deliberation. If he should prove to be one of the party about to visit the cave, as he must inevi- tably see our two comrades making straight for the direction, the cheat would be detected. But the next moment a flock of sheep was noticed in close proximity to the stranger, who was then discovered to be one of Mr De Salis's shepherds—"a Queanbeyan fellow," who would know nothing of our ghost party; "and," added our spokesman,"when you get up to him, just say to him, 'mate, does Mr DeSalis want any boundary riders or stockmen?' and he'll never suspect your intentions." With the interchange of a fami- liar ''tata" we made for Mr DeSalis's, and they for the caves. All that transpired at the former place and by the main body of the excursionists until they confronted the spectre in the cave, my readers are already conversant with; and it now remains for me to state, by way of explanation, that when the ghost party arrived at the entrance to the cave, their first care was to secure their horses at some distance out of sight, so that on the arrival of the main body of excursionists nothing should present itself to lead to the suspicion that anyone was in the neighbourhood. All this faithfully performed, they entered the cave with all their ghostly ap- pliances. W. R. stationed himself in the extreme end of the cave, and plunging his chanter under water nearly to its reed, produced the gurgling scream which first attrac- ted the notice of the party. G. F. having completed his fixings, seated himself at the angle of the passage before described, and thus both patiently awaited the advent of the rest of the party. The unexpected dely occasioned at the place of general rendezvous was, however, well nigh the cause of rendering the whole scheme abortive. Weary of waiting for upwards of an hour in their respec- tive positions in that damp and dark cavern, its occupants, expecting the arrival of the party by a route which would have rendered the cave's mouth invisible to them until close upon it, sallied forth to relieve their monotony by a glimpse of daylight. But, unluckily, just at the moment of their arrival at the entrance of the cave, the whole body of their comrades appeared on the heights over against them. Of course they instantly retreated, fearing they had been detected, and the consequent frustration of their plot, which, nevertheless, they resolved upon carrying out as well as under the circumstances they could. It was a most fortunate circum- stance, as we afterwards ascertained, that the individuals at the cave's mouth were seen by only two or three of the party; and they, having called the attention of some of us who were already in the secret to the fact, divining that some practical joke was being carried out, wisely held their peace, except when entering the first chamber of the cave giving utterance to such exclamations as recorded in the pre- vious chapter. Although, therefore, some of the party were prepared for something of the sort, there were others who were in utter ignorance of any trick concocted for their surprise. Yet even those who were in the secret, myself amongst the number, had not the slightest idea of the details or locality of the surprise. With all our previous knowledge, we shared to some extent the excitement and thrill of horror produced by the cheat. In such a place—deep in the caverns of the earth, and sur- rounded by a gloom dark as the shades of death—that which else- where would have been perhaps a clumsy attempt, bordering on the ridiculous, here seemed to assume the sublime and to merge into the realities of the spirit world itself. But when the climax was reached —when the spectre leaped forth from his throne of stalactite pillars and drapery—when "The bravest of them a' " (though he was not exactly a Mac- gregor) seized the spectre by his beard, and tore away both that and his shaggy locks, and a dozen ex- cited fellows began to discover the trick, the scene was most grotesque. As he threw off his robes and with his face still whitened with the contents of the flour-bag (with which also he had filled his nostrils mouth, hands, and raiment, and, previously enveloped himself in ap- parent vapour), I was forcibly re- minded of the concluding verse of an old nautical song, sung many years ago by some theatrical star at Drury Lane Theatre— Then off his winding-sheet he throw'd, And by his trousers, Tom, I know'd; He wasn't dead, but come to mess: So there's an end, as you may guess. For there stood our friend G. F., who joined with us in the merry laugh which succeeded the conster- nation. As an instance of the success of the plot—somewhat marred as it was by the untimely appearance of the chief actors at the mouth of the cave—I accosted Steve G. to ascer- tain whether he really meant to hurl the heavy stone (whicl he held in his hand at the time I ar- rested his arm) at the spectre's head. I said— Did you really mean to throw that stone, Steve?—I did, indeed; I'd a' dashed the creature's brains out if you hadn't caught my arm. Didn't you know who it was?— Well, I saw the two men go into the cave; but I never thought that ugly monster was one of them. I thought it was some big brute or other. Well, Steve, it was well that I seized your arm, or there might have been manslaughter.—I'd a' throw'd the stone anyway, was the candid young boundary-rider's reply. A. McC., who so courageously approached the spectre, as described before, was amongst the number of the uninitiated; and both his, and the self-possession of others in like ignorance with himself, must really be put down to the score of true courage; as they afterwards averred that they had not the least idea of any trick being played. These brave fellows may after this be safely trusted in any position of sudden danger or alarm. They will never suffer through want, firmness of mind, and self-possession. As soon as our first excitement was over, we were joined by W. R., who had returned from his more remote station with the broken chanter in his hand, with which he had contributed his share to the exciting adventure just concluded. I have perhaps been too prolix in this solution of the mystery of the haunted cave; for which I must crave the readers' indulgence, more especially as on this account I must defer a description of the cave itself till the subsequent chapter. (TO BE CONTINUED.) APPOINTMENT.—Mr Obadiah Wil- lans, Mining Registrar, Queanbeyan, to issue miners' rights, business and mineral licenses. FOXLOW DIGGINGS.—The Dispatch says that these diggings are likely to be tested in earnest, for a number of experienced miners from Jembaicum- bene and other goldfields in that district, have started for the place, and should it fulfil the expectations formed of it, no one can say what it may lead to, nor how much good it may do to Queanbeyan and Braidwood. 