READEns who have. not perused it else. where will -find in our columns this week the notable speech delivered by the member for Kiama during the do. bate on Mr. Dibbs's motion, for the die. continuance of aid to denominational schools. We print side by side with it the brief but sarcastci and telling com. munication to the Herald which the re. port of the speech in question drew from Mr. John Stewart. In our opinion, local journals cannot be better occupied, so far as such things go, than in keep ing the attention of constituencies fixed upon the sayings and doings of repro. sontatives, to whatever extent the con. dition of each particular case may allow. It will be remembered that on some oc. oasions we expressed in the plainest possible terms our disapprobation of the c..ourse pursued by Mr. Stewart in Par' liameont; though, as the disagreement was in every such case a matter of bond fide difference of opinion on public questions, we were enabled to differ without any loss of personal regard. Whether it may be of any importance or not, our practice will be to deal with Mr. Charles as we did with Mr. Stew. art. We do not feel any portion of the responsibility of having placed him in the position he holds, because, as is well known, we did not favour his candida. tare: and we now feel compelled to re gret more than we did at first that Mr. Stewart did not possess that small modi. onm of the talent of securing popularity, which would have been suflicient beyond a'doubt to secure his re-election, Eveni b had the difference between the two ouan. didates, as regards their qualifications for general legislation, been greater than it was or is, we could not have felt much surprise or dissatisfabtion, as such things go, that the people of this dis. trict should, when there was suoh a project as the Illawarra Railway before their eyes, have given the preference to the candidate who was supposed to have the weightier motives and the more ac tive inclination to bring that project to '" a piatical issue.. Yielding, as we do, to none in the strength of conviction as to the benefits likely to be conferred upon Illawarra by the construction of a railway, we were inclined to hope theb best in other respects from a person who was naturally regarded as likely to' prove an energetic promoter of .this im. portant enterprise, and of local'improve meats in goeeral,-a matter, on which there was an extensive conviction that 'tho wants of the district ought to b:e more energetically pressed upon the ED outive than they had been for eeveralyears. Mr,. Oharles's personal qualities d \- private conduct'had secured for hir' a considerable amount of goodwill, who; ther with or without a direct view on his part to the attainment of his present position': and.though every intelligent person who either supported or opposed him, knew full well that he was not likely to add either brilliancy or pro fundity to the debates in our Parlia. ment, it might be hoped that he would recollect where his weakness lay, while his practical knowledge and experience on some subjects might be useful-as they have boon-in discussing the details .of bills in Committee, and so forth. The first parliamentary speech with which Mr. Charles was credited ap. peered to have been made for the pur. pose of conveying a thrust, in his known and admirable style, at the dilapidated fortunes of his old enemy, Mr. Parkes; and, doubtless, came from him with peculiar grace, as his own had not long before been notably mended, This, however, was passed over by Mr. Parkes with landifference, and by others, we suppose, as just the thing that was to be expected, His more recent per. formance, we are afraid, will go some distance to establish for him a reputa. tion which his friends would not very eagerly desire on his behalf. Some, who are not themselves of the abetomi. one and ascetic sort, might be disposed to attribute its vagaries to a kind of ox. oitoment said to be not quite unknown in the Assembly, and not incompatiblef with Mr, Charles's wish to have strong drinks sold at the railway stations, We would gladly attribute the ill qualities of Mr. Charlea's speech to some other spirit than hila own, if possible; for, such as it is, it has laid him open to re. buke for more serious faults than bad taste or involuntary wait of aouranuy in statement. Mrl. Stowarl'e letter is amply sufficient for the writer's immo. diate object, On Thursday last Dr, M'(ibbon wrote to the S. lf I?ei oald regarding a calumnious statement in AIr, Oiharlos's speech, to the oeffeot that the supporters of the League, inoluding clergymon, wont through the country lecturing as paid agents, TIho doctor 'had written, he says, to Mr, Charles, pointing out his error as to :this matter of payment, and asking for the grodund of his statement. Mr. Obharlos had not h ind the honour or fiairnoess to answer by lotter, mor had he mpologiaod in the liouso br his unfounded accusation, Mr, Charloes, doubtless, adopted salmply withliout hisitatio or sorunple thle state. sont which haud boon luefore unsrunpue. loasly made by cleriymcnm and other~s pf ise anotariau Inolloni and hp prey, sent is only. another instance of the pro. pensity which has unfortunately die. tinguished him since his first appear ance in ahy public capacity here,-the propensity, we mean, to give' vent to anything, however paltry, liowover fool. ish, however unfounded, Which may in his opinion contribute in the smallest degree to annoy those whom he happens to regard as his adversaries for the time being. The repression of this trait, if it could be hoped for, would improve Mr. Charles's character as a public man, though he is never likely to become a brilliant politioian. The charge of which Dr. M'Gibbon complains canne , in our opinion be re. garded as in its lf calumnious; though it was so, doubtl es, in intention, as it proceeded fro the mouth of Mr. Charles, and of hose from whom he bor. rowed it. Thb y, no doubt, intended, in making this a argo, both to express and to excite proj dice,-to say nothing of the credit, bj ich, if they had been honourable op poionts, they would have given to the lfcturors for having con. tributed their\ services gratuitously towards what tey considerod a great publio benofit, t would puzzle a much more acute in than Mr. Charles to show how re was anything die. honourable on the part of the lecturers in aoceptinfbgh'those services payments which others'ea6lb witling to make. The Ministers who arry on the Government as well as the i inisters of religion, for whom Mr. C rrles has so profound a respect, are "paid agents,"-some of the latter being the agents of a foreign pows not unknown by name to Mr. Charles: nd Mr. Charles may also know that dur g the great Anti.Corn Law agitation considerable number of eminent men, embers of Parliament and others, did otually perambulate the country as pai lecturers on behalf of the League to hich they belonged. Some eorres ondence, which may be described as harls v. Stewart and M'Gibbon, an hioh followed the pub. lication of the o letters we have men. tioned, is ropri ed in our present issue, We agree with r. M'Gibbon in think. ing Mr. Charle as letters "curious;" but do not think t y will do much to on. bance the esti ation in which his under. standing or ral sense may be held by intelligent rsons either among his constituents r elsewhere. We should have been gl d, if the thing had been possible, to h vo effeotually warned Mr. Charles befo band against the follies he is oummitt g. But as that was not possible, noth g remains but exposure and criticism. We do not affeot to be ropresontativ .any further than our readers may hink proper to consider useso : but, to ur thinking, a constitu. enoy whicll d s not to the best of its opportunities toh the conduct of those whom it send to Parliament, deserves to be deluded d betrayed by any one who may seek representative position to further his n ends, For speeches actually deliv ed in Parliament, our readers, like rselves, must generally rely upon th metropolitan Press; and this they ma perhaps, pn the whole, more safely do than if they had been present to hea Mr. Charles. aoknow ledges that . has something to be grateful for to the reporters ; and this statement we ertainly do not doubt. There are comr aratively few speakers -very few, i sod-who could bear a verbatim rep t, and Mr Charles is cor. tainly not o of those, Experienced reporters can 'equontly toll better than inexperienced eakers what the 'latter intend to say, ot to mention what they aotually say; nd in printed reports the worst parts f speeooohes are omitted; blunders and absurdities softened or corrected, and rammar rectified.. We have no do t, therefore, that Mr, Charles's spe ohes, as printed, are better than those h elivered,' The speeches, after all, are b , to be sure : but, h? no one over looke upon our member tis an orator, or like to inako one, noi die. appointment ould be felt if he would only keep cle of auoh flagrant absur. dities as those vhieh have provoked the animadvorsio of Mr. Stewart and Dr. M'Gibbon, But Mr. C res not only misrepre. sonts the loo rers on behalf of the Langue: h misrepresoents' also the events conne ed with his 'own return and the pore a who took part in the election--iaol ing some of his own near relations. It is not true that the League, nos an organised body, sot up any candidates at anll,-with porbaps one doubtful. exceptioni and for this plain roeasonu, thatthe petulant anotion of Mr, Parkes, in pbraining a dissolution of Parliament, bad deprived them of the time they oalculatod upon for organising their oloutoral plane,-It is not trui that the local branch of thIe Longue in Klama, in any collectivo oharactore, supported Mr. St wart or opposed Mr. Charles, v f-sbora of it who voted ~r, Olmax4a fbrtcpo of the stress,: , a oibEo ~ ? evo, they very naturally laid t hoZquoe stion of local improvemontoa, t is tro that hlie onamo into thie field snrraunded by a baud of adhroents orying "Reovonge for our in suited roligion;" and tlhat be was sup. ported by priest and parson,. 3But all this would riot have availed-Mr, Charlesoa's majority was but srnall-if the cry 'for lotel improvoinoets ihad not fortilled 'hisla case, It is not true that Mr. Stownart wasn "shoved out" beauseo' hle was a leaguor i or if,any one thinks this a doubtful question, it 'will hardly be denied by Mr;, Charles or any body else that if his kinsman, Mr. John Marks, the chairman of the lobanl:branoh of the Leoagueo had sooded to the ,wishebos of tliose who desired thliit he liii 'ld bootnom n oanildate, IMr, Chlanrleas'ohandoiwotmld have, beeoon absoluately nowhero. Soms little amuseoment may be found in [Mr. Oharloa's nasertion that qluiot people.. would have nothing to do with the League, Io Is, doubtlese, in n espoelal 'sense thle represeontative of the quiet portion of'our Ioaal population m and whalover ltlltlo rowdylam exists among us would have been Iound, had It shown. up, anr tha sarlo of Mr. Stewart and the TiHm debate on Mr. Dibbs's resolution in t favour of the amendiment' of our public school system, will be renowed to-morrow. All that occurs to suggest thought on the subject confirms us in the opinion we have from time to time expreised, more or less fully, which is, not so much that denomi national schools merely should be deprived of Govermnent aid, or treated with any appearance of harshness, as that denonrina tionalisn in oevery form should be, as a matter of principle, ignored by the secular Government of this colony, and all secta rian influence elimninatod from its machi nory. We do not very complthly symrpa thise with resolutions like that of Mfr. Dibbs, which seem to make a dead sot at one particular class of schools in favour of another, at the same time that they assert only a portion of the more comprehensive principle sot forth above, and whio)s would probably receive the adhesion of many both in and out of Parliament, who do not care to join in active hostility against sectar'ian schools merely, With those schools where they exist in a state of efliciency, which is only the case in the larger towns of the co lony, we would deal in a manner at once just to tihe public, advantageous to the schools themselves in a proprietary sense, and consistent with the principle enunciated above. After procuring, if possible, a par limunontary declaration to the effect that the division of the people into occlesiastical and theological sects would not henceforth be roecognised hi the policy of the country, the Government should proceed, we think, to deal with such persons as should in clue form be put forward to represent the pro prietary of the schools in question ; and, according to a suggestion of Mr. S. 0. Browna, should either buy the buildings, whore suitable and conveniently situated, or obtain: the use of them for school, purposes at a fair rent, when, front sentimental or other reasons, the persons holding the place of proprietors might be unweilling to dispose of them outright, The dsnominatiomal schools, Mr. Parkos observed,: ari est ab lished by private persons. In,thlis.light we would dual with. themorn ; for th State, we think, hais 'ample reason for desiring to wash its 1 rid of all ccnlmoxion withl.thos bodio bi nor strictly ir rhich are termed "donominations, Of school buildings which nmight bo sold to Governmont, nothing mor neeood be said : but the or. rangerment rogarding those to be ' rented would be so much snore advantagepus thana the existing one, that probably it would be in scarcely any case refused ;' and oven if it wore, the very fact of such an oflor having boeen mado 'an'd rdfusec would greatly weaken, ina a moral sense, the hands of the sectarian party so far as concerned: it the particular transactions. Of course, if noe cossary condition of the agreoomont would be that tlho buildings should be entirely at the disposal of the Government for oducational purposes, du'ing the. requisite number of hours on school days: and this, with mi nor arrangemsents naturally hanging to it, seooms.to be all that the Govermuent would need' to demand. It is true, no doubt, that the action of Govermnont is now little encumbered by sectarian coninexion any otherwise than through the schools; but we' thinki the broader and bolder method of terminuatilug that connexion is the proforable one :'arid theo soots themselves would probably fall in more readily witlh a procooedingwhiel would be the legitimate complement of tile anti State-aid action taken ia dozen years tigo, than with one wlhich seemed specially diroeotd against their schools, '. Mr; Parkos found a, good deal to say on the subject of the Roman Catholics : and the latter, or rather that class of persons who profess to direoot theom in all things, will probably be much obliged to Ihir for saying it. According to Mrl. ,Parkes, one-: third of tihe population is o; would be rnui toed in violent opposition to tihe stat' of things which would be brought abouit:by.. the policy reconmmended in Mr. Kibbs s'ro solutions; and we should' ha1 , :he says, "Oatholies 'of that extremo, type tlhat we never had in this colony before,"' '-We should be glad to know what mannor of ogros those would be ;-somethling, doubt.t lees; more torfilo than, the Kiami gho'st; which, indeed; Mr. Panrkos did not'invoi?t, though his present allies spont a good dohl of labour in ondeavouring to got him oroedi tod with it, ''lho Iltbornian llrdmanists, being thoso whoru weo havo amongsiet us, are gonurally, and we think justly rogardod, ant least in thoir pur' state, its thie i plus rilf tra of Itornmanismr, though it is, of couirso," impossiblo thast tlheoy srhould mix intiqsatoly with otlier classes' of 'porsons, whomr they find to be on hi wivliolb ednsidoiably bottor informed anci' moero nioanced iir the d001al seale tuhan trhomsolvose, wlthouit becocdiing irs somd degreo eosioldl frori'tho blindloess and bigotry of thoir olid ocoolsianstiarl at tnohiriornt. "Mr. P'arkoe s ow :poerfootly well, thlt in talting 'ntco ac'orit tlho IHi borno-Roran lmrt of the populintion arsa political oloment, hIo hais renally to conslisdor, ir tlhi first inrttiircos, not thie mnaisos of mren, :womon, arnd children who makrd rps, the so carlld ono-tlhird, but the intoroeted soirmes of a small minollrty,--a kind of olgarclhy calling theomsolves priestts, lwho arrogato.thel right, sanld colmionly possess thi poudr of disposing of the politlicl ifllunbluco of .tildso mnnss ais imary rap~loritr to be for thie itatr rest of the instishlolr oolUsaistisal orrganisir tlon to whoih thsy'bholong,. Mr ParkoAs linowi that the iroro intoligout andrinido pundoat individual romanists beooome,' 'tio 'niorrog'atoeful they irebfor any i6tlionr of thbe Oovormonr t or tie publHi which dirinlrhahor 'the ,dictatorhial inlflunce wlhich tie' ''otf' :itibil ;oaAhtd r H;di" 'ofthrnh' elnrhi ansanos thu righirtof exe'rolhilirg' ro, thomi I auil LIr, Parksc-- porhaps ovol e iri Chlrlr'i--lmnur t airely admit that~ just in prol'orl6n i?q nmy phrt of the " rl'-rthlird" Ir's the ulllirig slarves of theu cisahim squnotion, ari tlhsy .(1. atitltod to.aiy potontial voice ir. thoe 'ol, ditiO o' oQhr plbllp 'Tffalr , " ' })iYlt0oF their views 'might beo," said Mr. Parkos, " they (the lRomanists) wore subjects of her Majesty, as we wore. They lived under the siune laws as we lived under, and paid the same taxes as as we paid." It imay be true that they pay the amiue taxes, and in some senso that they live under the same la?s. It is also true that if theydo not lilio to live under these laws, they can betake themselves to some other country, where ecclesiastical influence is more rampant, such as Mexico or Brazil. It is not true, however, except in proportion as they as sert their independence of the priesthood, tlhat they are " subjects of her Majesty as we are," for the simple reason that if they are such Catholics is their own hierarchy will recognise, their primary allegiance is given to a foreign power, which claims su periority over the government of this anid every other country in Christendom. If AIr. Parkes does not know or understand this, we refer him to Doctors NOwm'an and Manning, or, if he prefers it, to Mir. Glad. stone. The best speech in the educational debate, so far, has been, to judge from the reports, that of Mir. S. O. Brown, which seoms to deserve the praise of being ahnost a method of relevancy, good sense, and mio deration. Thoe worst, as we observed be fore, with thll exception of Mir. Chalrlos's, appears to have been that delivered by AMr. Parkes : but it will do, we imagilno, no great hiarm to the cause he now assails ; as it is not calculated to prove or illustrate anything but his own interested tergivorsa tion. 