, THE FOOL "OF FIVE FORKS. / "- , . Br Bret Haute. . FR05I THE -HEW YORK TIMES. ' j -'-(uoifoiiuded from ocr hi. st.) : Ifc;; waa_,a;'pleasant June afternoon that MiS3 Nelly Arnot, Principal of the .primary depart ment., 'of one' of the public schools of San Fran cisco, baying evaded her companions, resolved to put ( into operation a plan which had lately sprungjtip in her .courageous qnd mischief-loving fancy. .With that/ wonderful and mysterious in stinct' of her sex, from1 whom no secrets of the affections are hid, and to whom all hearts arc laid -open, she-had heard' the story of Hawkins' folly 'and the existence of the " Idiot Asylum." Alone,- on Hawkins' Hill, she had determined to penetrate. its : Seclusion. Skirting the uuderbush at the foot ,of:the hill, she managed to. keep the heaviest timber between heraolf and. the Blazing Star" Tunnel at its base, as well as the cabin-of -Hawkins, half way up tho ascent, until, by a circuitous route, at last she reached, unobserved, ithe summit. Before hor rose, silent, darkened, and motionless, the object of her search. Here hor courage failed her, with all the characteristic inconsequence of her sex. A sudden- fear of. all -the dangers she had safely passed— beam, > tarantulas, drunken men, ,4 and lizards— came upon her. For a moment!, as she afterward expressed it, "She thought she Bhould" die." With this belief, probably, she gathered three largo stones, which sho could hardly lift, for tbo. purpose' bf throwing a great distance ; put two hair-pins in her mouth, -and carefully read justed with both hands two stray braids of her lovely blue-black mane which had fallen in gathering the .stones. Then she felt in the pockets of .her linen dnster for her card-case, handkerchief, pocket-book, and smelling-bottle, and fiiiding them intact, suddenly assumed an air of easy, lady-like unconcern, wont up the steps of the verandah and demurely pulled the front-door bell, 'which! she knew would not be answered. After a decent pause, she walked around the encompassing verand ah examining the closed shutters of the French windows until she found one that yielded to her tonch. Here she paused -again to adjust her coquettish bat by. the mirror- like surface of the long sash window that reflected the full length of hor pretty figure. And then she opened the wiudow and. entered the room. Although long closed, the house had a smell of newness and of fresh paint tbat was quite un like the mouldiuess of the conventional haunted house. The- bright; carpets, the cheerfnl walls, the glistening oilcloths, were quite inconsistent with tho idea of a. ghost. With childish curi osity sho began to exploio the silent house, at first tiinidly,— opening the doom with a violent push, and then stepping back from the thresh old to make good a possible retreat; and then more boldly, as she became convinced of her security and absolute loneliness. In one of the chambers, the largest, there were fresh flowers iu a vase,— evidently gathered that morning ; and, what seemed .still more remarkable, the pitchers and ewers were fieshly filled with water. This obliged Miss Nelly to ''notice another singular fact, namely, that tho house was free from dust, — the one most obtrusive and penetrating visitor of Five, Forks. Tho floors and carpets had been recently swept, tho chairs and furniture care fully wiped-- and dusted. If the house was haunted, it' was possessed by a spirit who had none of the usual indifference to decay and mould. And yet the beds had evidently never been slept in, the very springs of the chair in which she sat creaked stiffly at the novelty, the closet doora opened with the reluctance of fresh paint and varnish, and in spite of tho warmth, cleanliness, and cheerfulness of furniture and decoration, there was nono of tho ease of tenancy and occu- ,'pation: As 'Miss Nelly afterward confessed, she longed 'to " tumble things around," and when she reached the parlor or drawing-room again, she could hardly resist the. desire. Particularly w$ts sho tempted by a closed piano, tbat stood mutely against the wall. She thought she would j open it, just to see who was the maker. That /'done, it would be no harm to try its tone. She did so, with one little foot on the soft pcdaJ. But Miss Nelly was too good a player, and too en thusiastic a musician to stop at half measures. She tried it again, — this timo so sincerely that the whole house seemed to spring into voica. There was no response,— the empty rooms seemed to have relapsed into their stillness. She stepped out on tho verandah — awoodpecker recommenced cent tree, the rattle of a Ich below the bill came her 8trqw.h($ flung on the piano, her white hands bared, and/ a- black loop of her braided hair banging upon her shoulder, was fairly embarked upon a flbwihg sea of. musical recollection. ' i She had .played perhaps half an hour, when, haying just finished an elaborate symphony and. resting' her hands on the keys, sho neard very distinctly and unmistakably thesound of applause from without. In.an instant the fires of shame and indignation leaped into her cheek, and she rose from the instrument and rail to the window, only iu time to catch sight of a dozen figures in blue and red. flannel shirts vanishing hurriedly through the trees below. / : Miss Nelly's mind was instantly made up. I think I have already intimated that tinder the stimulus of excitement she was not wanting in' courage, and as she quietly resumed her gloves, hat, and duster, she was not perhaps exactly the young person that it would be entirely safe for the timid, embarrassed, or inexperienced of my. 'sexto meet alone. : She shut down the piano,' and' having carefully reclosed all the windows and doors, aud restored the house to its former desolated condition she stepped from the verandah aud proceeded directly to the cabin of. the' un'. intellectual Hawkins, that reared its adobe chimney above the umbrage a quarter of .a mile bolow. . The door opened instantly to her impulsive knock, and the Fool of Five . Forks stood before her. Miss Nelly had. never before seen the man , designated by this infelicitous title, and as. he ' stepped back in half courtesy and. half astonish ment, Bhe was for the moment disconcerted. .He was till, finely, formed, and' black bearded., Above cheeks a little hollowed by care and ill- health shone a pair of hazel eyes, very large, very gentle,, but inexpressibly sad and mournful. This was certainly not the kind of man Miss. Nelly had' expected to see'; yet; after' her first embarrassment' had' passed, the very, circum Stances, oddly enough, added to her indignation; and stung lier wounded .pride still more deeply.- Neycrthele'ss, the. . arch ' hypocrite instantly changed her. tactics with the swift intuition of her sex. , i'-' ; "I'„ have come," she. said, with a dazzling smile, infinitely more dangerous than her former dignified severity ; "I have come to ask your pardon for, a great liberty I have just taken. I believe the new house on the bill' above us is youra. . I was so much pleased with it3 exterior that I left my friends for a moment below, here," she continued artfully, with a slight' wave of tho ; barnl, as if indicating a. band of fearless Ama zons without, and waiting to avenge any.possible insult offered to one of their number, "and, ven tured to enter it. ! Finding it unoccupied; as I had been told, I am afraid ' I. had the audacity to ait down and amuso;myself for a few moments at the piano— while waiting for my friends." . Hawkins raised his beautiful eyes to hers. He saw a very, pretty girl, with frank igrey eyes glis-. tening with excitement, with two red, slightly, freckled cheeks glowing a little under his eyes, with a short- scarlet upper lip turned back, like a rose-leaf, oyer a little line of white teeth, as she breathed somewhat hurriedly in her nervous ex citement. -He. saw all this calmly, quietly, and, save. for the natural uneasiness of a shy, reti cent man, I fear without a quickening of his pulse! . .. " I kno'wod it," he said, Bimply. "I heerd ye as T kem up." . Miss Nelly was furious at his grammar, his dialect, his coolness, and still more at the . sus- picion that he was au active member of her in visible claque, > " Ah," she said, still smiling, " then I think I heard you—" ,kT reckon not," he interrupted gravely. "I .didu't slay long. I found the noys hanging round the house, and I allowed at first I'd go in and kinder warn you, but they promised to keep still, and you looked ro comfortable and wrapped up in your music that I hadn't! the heart to dis turb you, and keiii away. I hope," he added earnestly, " tliey didn't let on ez they heerd you. They' ain't a bad lot— them Blazin' Star boys — though they're a little hard at times. But they'd no - more hurt ye then they would a — a — a cat ! " continued _ Mr. Hawkins, blushing with a faint apprehension of the inelegance of his simile. ; "No ! no l " said Miss Nelly, feeling suddenly very angry with herself, the Fool, and the en tire male population of Five Forks. "No ! I have behaved foolishly, I suppose — and if they had it would have served me right. But I only wanted to apologise to you. You'll find every-- thing as you left it. Good-day!" She turned to go. Mr. Hawkins began to feel embarrassed. "I'd have asked ye to sit down," lie said, finally, "if it had been a place fit for a lady. I .ougnter done so, enny way. I don't know, what kept me from it. But I ain't well, Miss. Times I get a sort o'dumbager — it's the ditches, I think, Mis3 — and I don't seem to hev mv wits about me." Instantly Miss Arnot was all sympathy — hor quick woman's heart was touched. "Can I— can anything be dono?" she asked, more timidly than she had before spoken. " No J — not onless ye. remember sutkin' about these pills." Ho exhibited a box containing about half, a dozen. "I forget the direction — I" don't seem to remember much, any way, these - times — they're 'Jones's Vegetable Compound.' If ye've ever took _'em_ ye'll remember whether the rcg'lar dose is eight. There ain't but six hero. But perhaps ye never tuk any," he added, deprecatingjy. No," skid Miss Nelly, curtly. She had usu ally a keen sense of tho ludicrous, but somehow Mr. Hawkins' eccentricity only pained her. "Will you let me see you to tho foot of the hill," he said -again, after another embarrassing pause. " ; . Miss Arnot felt instantly that such ; an. act . would condone her trespass in the eyes of the world. ; She might meet some of her invisible admirers— or eveu her companions— and, with all her erratic impulses, bIio was nevertheless a . woman, and did not entirely despisetke verdict of conventionality. She smiled sweetly and as sented, and in" another moment the two were lost in the shadows of the wood. Like many other apparently trivial acts in an uneventful life it was decisive. As she expect ed, she met two or three of hor late applauders, who," she fancied, looked sheepish and embar rassed: she met also' her companions looking for her in- some alarm, who really appeared as tonished at her escort, and, sho fancied, a trifle envious of her evident success. I- fear tnat Miss Arnot, in response to their f.'nxious inquiries, did not state entirely the truth, but, without actual assertion, led.theiu to believe that she had at a very early stage of the proceedings com pletely subjugated ibis weak-minded giant, and had brought him triumphantly to her feet. From telling this story two or three times she got finally to believing that she had some foundation for it ; then to a vague sort of desiro that it would eventually prove to be true, and then to an equally vague yearning to hasten that consum mation. Tbat it would redound to any satisfac tion of the Fool she did not stop to doubt. Tbat it would cure him of his folly she was quite con fident; Indeed, there are very few of us — men or women— who do not believe that even a' hope less love for ourselves is more conducive to the salvation of tho lover than a requited affection for another. The criticism of Five Forks was, as the reader may iinagine, swift and conclusive. When it was found out that Miss Arnot was not "the Hag" 1 u i | u trading as a young and pretty girl, to the gfflsfeaaate deception of Five Forks in general and MteMffticular, it was at once deckled i JMmk: speed v union of the -Fool and the pretty schoolmann" was consist., with ordinary common sense. . The singular eof fortune of Hawkins was' quite in accordant! with the theory of his luck as propounded hZ- the camp. That after " the Hag" failed to mak£ her appearance he should "strike a lead" in own house, without the trouble of "pro3pectin " seemed to these casuists as a wonderful hi, inevitable law. To add to these fateful proba. bilities, Miss Arnot fell and sprained her ankfo in the ascent of Mount Lincoln, and was confined for seme weeks to the hotel after her companions had departed. During this period Hawkins civilly but grotesquely attentive. When, after a reasonable time had elapsed, there still appeared to be no immediate prospect Of the: occupancy of the new house, public opinion experienced » singular change in regard to its theories of tr Hawkins conduct. " The Hag" was looked upon as a saint-like and long Buffering martyr to tho weaknesses and inconsistency of the Fool. That after erecting this new house at her request, ha had suddenly ' " gone back" on her ; that his celibacy was the result of a long habit of weak proposal and subsequent sbnmeles3 rejection and that he was now trying his hand on the helpless schoolmarm, was perfectly plain to Forks. That he should bo frustrated in his attempts at any cost was equally plaiu. Misj Nelly 'suddenly found herself invested with a rude chivalry that would have been amusing had it not been at times embarrassing ; that would have been impertinent but for the almost super, .'stitious respect with which it was proffered. Every day somebody from Five Forks rode out to inquire the health of the fair patient, "flez Hawkins bin over yer to-day," queried Tom Flynn with artful ease and indifference as ho leaned over Miss Nelly's easy-chair on the verandah. Miss, Nelly, with a faint pink flush on her cheek, was constrained to answer " So." "Well, he sorter sprained his foot agin » rock yesterday," continued Flynn, with shameless Untruthfulness. " You mnsn't think anything o' that, Miss Arnot. He'll be over yer to-morrer, and meantime he told me to' hand this yer bootay with his re gards, and this yor specimen !" And Mr. Flynn laid down the flowers ho had picked en route against such an emergency, and presented respectfully a piece of quartz and go'd which ho had taken tnat morning from his own sluice, box. "Yen mns'n't mind Hawkins' ways.Misj Nelly," said another sympathising miner. " Them 'ain't a belter man in camp than that tbeerCy Hawkins ! — but he don t understand the wayso' the world with wimen. He hasn't mixed as much, with society as the rest of us," lie added with au elaborate Chcsterfieldhn ease of manner, "but be means well." Meanwhile a few other sympathetic tunnel-men were impressing upon. Mr. Hawkins the necessity of the greatest atten., tion to the invalid,. "It won't, do, Hawkins," they explained, "to let that there gal go back to San Francisco and say that when slio was sick and alone, the only man in Five Forks under whose roof she had rested, and at whose table she had sat"— this was considered a natural but pardonable exaggeration of rhetoric — "ever threw off on her ; audit shan't be done. It ain't the square thing to Five Forks." And then the Fool would rush away to the valley, and be received by Miss Nelly with a certain reserve of hiannor that finally disappeared in a flush of color, some increased vivacity, and a pardonable coquetry. And so the days passed ;, Miss Nelly grew better in health and more troubled in mind, and Mr. Hawkins becarno mors and more em barrassed, and, Five Forks smiled and rubbed ib hands, aud waited for the approaching denoue ment. And then it came. But not perhaps in the manner tbat Five Forks had imagined. It was a lovely afternoon in July that a parly of Eastern tourists rode into Fivo Forks. Tfcoy had just " done "the Valley of Big Things, ml, there being one or two Eastern capitalists among the party, it was deemed advisable tbat a vwjk knowledge of the practical mining . resource ol. California should be added to their experience of' the merely picturesque in Nature. Thus far everything had been satisfactory ; the amount of water which passed over the Fall was large, owing to a backward season ; some snow still remained in the canons near the highest peaks ; they bad ridden- round one of the biggest trees, and' through the prostrate trunk of another. To saj that they were delighted is to express feebly the enthusiasm of these ladies and gentlemen, drunk with tho champagne, hospitality of their cuter- tainers, the utter novelty of the scene, and the dry, exhilarating air of the valley. One or two had already expressed themselves ready to live and die there; another had written a' glowing account to the Eastern Press, depreciating all other scenery in Europo and America; and under tlieso cifcnmstauces it was reasonably expected that Five Forks would do its duty, and equally impress tho stranger after its own fashion. \- Letters to this effect were sent from San Fran cisco by prominent capitalists there, and unset the able superintendence of one of their agents, the visitors wero taken in hand, shown "what was to be seen," carefully restrained from ob serving what ought not to bo visible, and so kept iu a blissful and enthusiastic condition. And so < the graveyard of Five Forks, in which but two .of tbe occupants had died natural deaths, the. .dreary, ragged cabins on the hill-sides, with their sad-eyed, cynical, broken-spirit ed occupants, toiling on, day by day, for a miserable pittance and a fare that a self-respecting Eastern mcckanio would have scornfully rejected, were not a part of the Eastor visitors' recollections. But tbo hoisting works and machinery of the " Blazing Star Tunnel Company " was— the Blazing Stat Tunnel Company, whose "gentlemanly supeiiuten- , dent " had received private information from Sag Francisco to do the "proper thing." for the party. Wherefore the valuable heaps of ore in the com pany's works were shown, the oblong bars of gold — ready for shipment— were playfully offered to the ladies who could lift and carry them away no- aided, and even the tunnel itself, gloomy, fateful, and peculiar, was shown as part of the experience; and, in the language of cue noble conevpondent, " the .wealth of Five Forks and the peculiar in ducements that it offered to Eastern capitalists were established beyond a doubt. And thou oc curred a little incident which, as an unbiassed spectator, I am free to say offered no inducement to anybody whatever, but which, for its bearing upon the central figure of this veracious chronicle I cannot pass over. It had become apparent to one or two more practical and sober-minded' in tho party that car- tain portions of the "Blazing Star " Tunney- (owing, perhaps, to the exigencies of a flattering annual dividend)— were economically and iinper- fectly "shored "and' supported, and were conse quently unsafe,' insecure, and to bo avoided. Nevertheless, at a time when champagne ports were popping in dark corners, and enthusiast!6 voices and happy laughter rang through the halt lighted levels and galleries, there came a sudden and mysterious silenco.' A few lights dasncu swiftly by in the direction of a distant part or the gallery, and then there was a sudden sharp issuing of orders and a dull, ominous rumble. Some of the visitors turned pale, — one woman fainted! Something had happened. What? "Nothing. — the speaker is fluent but uneasy, — "one of t", fentlemen, in trying to dislodge a 'specimen rom the wall, had knocked , away a support There had been a 'cave' — the gentleman wa caught and buried below his shoulders. It v. all right— they'd get him out in a moment— on / it required great care to keep from oxtendmg : t ' cave.' Didn't know Lis name— it was that ut man— the husband of -that lively lady wits t t>hck «yc3. Eh ! Hull!) -there"! Stop her. 1 sake 1— not that way ! She'll fall from that She'll be killed ! But the lively lady wa3 already gone. With i Hrieg black eyes, iraploringly trying to pierce the gloom, with hands and feet that sought to trt'l/srand break down the thick darkness, with incoherent cries and supplications, following the "ring of ignis fatuus lights ahead, she ran, and «a awiftly ! Ban over treacherous foundations, " " bv yawning gulfs, ran past' branching ".lerles and arches, ran wildly, ran despairingly, t'.u blindly, and at la3t nn into the arms of the Fool of Fire Forks. . In an instant she caught at his hand. "Oh, 1 ,ua him !" she cried ; " you belong here — you 1 know this dreadful place : bring me to him. Tell I . whore to go and what to do, I implore you ! I Ouick, he is 'dying. Come !" 8 Ho raised his eyes 'to hers, and then,.with a 3i -...liiea cry, dropped the rope and crowbar he was 1 cjrr"ing, and reeled against the wall. 1 "JAunie ! he gasped, slowly, "is it yon? " | j,e caught at 'both his hands, brought her 1 fscc to bis with staring eyes, murmured " Good | GyrU3 ! " and sank upon her knees before 1 He tried to disengage the hand that she wrung 1 with passionate entreaty, if "No, no! Cyrus, you will forgive me -you I will forget the past ! God has sent yon here to ll v. You will come with me. You will— yen iniu&tsave; him:!" ' 8 " Save who ? cried Cyras hoarsely, 1" My husband !" Tlio blow was so direct — so strong and over whelming, that even through her own stronger and more selfish absorption she saw it in the hceofthe man' and pitied him. "I thought— you— knew— it !" she faltered. Ho did not speak but looked at her with fixed, dumb eyes. ' And then the sound of distant voices and hurrying feet started her again into PJ passionate life- She once more caught his band, i '< Cyrus ! hear me ! If you have loved me H through all these years, yon will not fail me inow! Y'ou must save him ! Yon can! You are 8 brave and strong— you always were, Cyras ! You i will save him, Cyrus, for my sake— for the sake || 0 your love for me ! You will— I know it i God llblesayou!" . ' .? 1 She rose as if to follow him, but at a gesture I of command she stood still. He picked up' the £ rope and crowbar slowly, and in a dazed,- blinded If way that, in her agony of impatience and alarm, pi seemed protracted to. cruel infinity. Then he II turned and raising her hand to his lips, kissed it If slowly, looked at her again— and the next mo ll meat was gone. || Ho did not return. For at the end of the next K| Lalf hour, when .thejr had laid before her the ®.i half-conscious, breathing body of her husband, a safe and unharmed but for exhaustion and some p< slight bruises, she 'learned that the worst fears Iff of the workmen had been realised. ' In releasing || him a second cave had. taken place. Theiy had rj barely time to snatch away the helpless body of 5 3 her husband before the stfong frame of. his rea ls cucr, Cyrus Hawkins, was struck and smitten || down in his place. - H For two nonrs he lay there, crushed and |j broken-limbed, with a heavy beam lying across || his breast, in sight of all, conscious and pa st? tient. For two hours they had labored around fhiin, wildly, despairingly, hopefully, with the wills of gods and the strength of giants, and at || the ond of that time they came to an upright c I timber, which rested its base upon the beam. |i| There was a cry for axes, and one was already swingingin the air, when the dying man'called to H thorn feehly : , I "Don't cut that upright !" | "Why?" | "It will bring down the whole gallery with El it." "How?" ... "It's one of the foundations oE my house." The axe fell from the workman's hand, and with a blanched face he turned to his fellows. -It war too true. They were in tko uppermost | gallery, and the "cave" had taken place directly E below, tlio new house.. After a pause the Fool spoke again more feebly. , "The lady! — quick." . They brought her,— a waetched, fainting crea ture, with pallid face and streaming eyes,— and | fell back as she bent her face above him. - | "It was built for you, Annie, darling," he E|fj said in a hurried whisper, " and has been wait- pfin; for you and me all these long days. It's |M deeded to you, Annie, and you must— live there If l — nith Mm Ho will- not mind that I shall be \- | always near you— for it stands above— my ><gia\ol" vas right. In a few minutes later, ' : allien he had passed away, they did not move1 ; -fhim, outsat by bis bodyall night-, with a torch, t- 'i m1? ec' and head. And the next day they- Ml called up the gallery as a vault, but they put.no. Remark or any sign thereon, trusting rather to the! Kps-J reouument that, bright and cheerful, rose above f."J " sunlight of the lull. For, they. Br i : ' "his is not an evidence of death, and; fi'fam, and sorrow, as are other monuments,- Bll i IS,.a 8'Sa of Life, and Light, and Hope, ate therefore shall all men know that he who lies gp guilder it— is a Fool!" , ilL " . 03 K,XCE AXD Parxcsas op Wales at Biiuiinoham p4 '"Lu"ch(:onover, the Royal' party set out with their Ii4„r,n(a .t0Uf ,f inspection over one ortwoot tho I - X "a8lJ>ries which form the distinctive sights or the i?ii,in'r.i ,V1S a electro-plate works of Mesne.. Il'lane ' ,tl!0 peu-maldng works of Messrs. Gillott,' fe all ,,, coinage works of Heaton and Son. They -. , c.Kl.'iiaKn??,5', Kit,> supposed to see over these great p- am ,,,? J ' Ciough to have formed a fair Idea of E- nL R ?/. J'fn1 would have taken more time than I -5 cn XAa H,'b'h"esses were enabled to devote to the I Lihrncnt XI h' To " d0" Messra- Elkington's eatab- a couple of hours one must have a the "P."!!'? of artistic vision than even < aro 9'»rumttteo of the Royal Academy, who F\ spitt> rf ,. ' fake in all the merits of a work in a 1- 'wcondstAfcl6 vari0U8ly estimated at from-threo E 1C2 seconds and a fifteenth. On enter- W prlncinniQ i e reyal party were met by the mi'i ana bXmL i.?1?1' antl wero conducted by a hall lHv knoini V » considering the pretty well K.mrfairi ?,r,| tllcir permanent decorations, miS v/iiii 1 called famous, to the showrooms filled' K hie most ? a? work— from the moderate to Kg ten th -Jyin electro-plate and silver. First to fir It con X!tteiltIon- the illustrious visitors was the lib'; ronous.wp s!,in exuisite specimen of silver and steel 1 ii i b ? damascened in gold, which was one of the I vh eti thp Tir03 ln Vienna Exhibition, and with | c a nti.. t r'nce»fomhIa prolonged examination, was r vh Idmi£Xfeil 1 re.uow acquaintance. It is the I i hart Yb« l that ?mipent artist, M, Morel LadeuU, L 5 liuhncBs beins presented to his Royal U Kutreplcce -A'18= maKuiQcent silver C to Baron ai? Jfactured by the firm foe presentation T Grant, by the Conservatives of ev arranged m! 1' There was also shown, elegantly feci gold ,.ia?o?6!i l table, a superb dinner service s vBcccan !.!?;.. J H8t co®pleted for the Nizam of the ? certai ill 1®,of such exceptional splendor as must I From her"til ',? ®yes oven of an Eastern Potentate, fei-ln a etiun i 'Sitora passed into the art workrooms. fa models of « spu'ptors, half designers— amidst 1 modern . forms of beauty in ancient and f j vdiose ide-'nw?.rei. n.(i a larSe staff of gentlemen I '-nient j„ ' ,. a-v be sad to set the whole establish- W< hi elder s K11' the generalship of the artist 1 tllaugh twalinu8; A11 thc rest that was seen, K <"isidered an ivtm ? complex, cauld only be E? '"ipresiiieij 2l011 tuto details of this one really 1 ehown a varict? n\on tllIs Koyal visitors K juraiy t) L 0l. Preresses of art manufacture Ri katned ;, 8 '"reted here. They might have e,luchwa3 toLXlb,e,t..roi?ember 't. where so Rl i'l an«e e:r,m nir?n i;fc.X' the difference between tlie llthigtoVaM;",? 's'u'y introduced by thc Messrs. ''lt! ni.-uu;?ctii« nrl' sh mc' thod. they wero shown M n0m tho first stage of K to the t;,Si Xf' % thut t were flattery to call a shape RPf-u-Seo wc-H- Xf w\ani1 hld emboST.!njnt3 in" rn» i01'1!!. suriace oniamentaiira t. A,er, r.|C famlhar dish cover of £>;ivat life was Stamped out of a dab' plate oE oaetal «n a few great blow.-:, and the spoons and forks, ou ivliich ' Wo ' depend through iife, were caught in thc 'mlddtei of their elcctro-silver bath. The intermediate stages .led them to the electro-plating room. W here the shapes aro piicocl in solutions of silver or of pur? gold to receive the coating of tho precious mcta's ; to the eicctrotjp- ing-house, where there tsa force of eleetricitysufScient to i-trikc tea thousand men dead at one shock, if so many could lie induced to grasp hands and to place two of their number in communication with, the in strument; and to the stampiug-honse, where a press built on the same principle aB the Nasrayth hammer strikes dish covers out of dies, many of which mu3t be larger tlian the largest projectiles known to modern artillerymen. To attempt to describe one tithe of wliat was brought-under the notice of the Prince and Princess is impossible ; aud it would be difficult to do full justice to" the consideration which was shown by the firm for the comfort of all their visi tors. Nil labor seemed to have been spared. The ivories were decorated within aa well a3 without ; crimson carpet was laid throughout the yards and passages, and three temporary bridges had been con- . structed solely to facilitate communication between - one part of thc extensive, establishment and the other. Throughout their, promenade in this little world of manufacture, their Royal Highnesses ap peared to take the deepest interest iu the various de partments. ..We have r ot space to go further into de tails,- but_ we cannot close without mentioning that while _ iu tho electro depositing department the Princess herself gilded a handsome and valuable , vase, which, when, it is finished, wiil be forwarded to her. as .a memento of H.R.H.'b visit to the Midland metropolis. On return ing to the show room a handsome basket of natural flowers, coated wilh silver and gold, was presented to tho Princess by Miss Elkington, and in reply Her Royal Highness said she was vciy much pleased with her visit' to the worlts, and the basket of flowers she would always look upon as a souvenir of her visit. The names written in the visitors' book were " Albert Edward,". "Alexandria" "Aylcsford," ".Edith Ayles- ford,"" " Louise Manchester," " Adelaide Westmore land," Prince Dolgorouki" and "Arthur Ellis." .Maba villa Cocoa.— Taylor Brothere (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europo), having tho ex clusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite com parison with any other Cocoa for Purity— fine Aroma —Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power — Easiness of Digestion— and especially, high delicious flavor- -One trial wiil establish it as a favorite Beverage for breakfast; luncheon, and Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution— "Maravllla " is a re gistered Trade Mark. ; MatiaviZiLA Cocoa— The Glebe says" ! ' . Tayloi Brothers' Mara villa Cocoa has achieved "a", orough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, wo could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For furthei favorable opinions . vide Standard, Homing - Post, British Medical Journal. &c.; &c.; Homeopathic CoooA.-rThia original preparation, which has attained such a. world-wide reputation, is' manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided , by the skill and expert enco of the inventors, and will be . found to combine in an. eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nu tritious property of the" fresh nut. Solubls CaocoLATB made in- one minute- without boiling. The ' above articles aro prepared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the largest- manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only by store keepers and others, all over the world. Steam Ming. " Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Bolgium. Hollowat's 'Pills.— Indigestion' and - Liver Comj plaints. — Tho digestion cannot be long or seriously disordered without the effects of the derangement being visible on the countenance. Theso pills at ohce remove tho disorder aud its unpleasant consequences; they improve the appetite, and with the increased desire for food, they augment tho powers of digestion' and assimilation in the stomach. Hoiloway's Pills most satisfactorily remove all deranged or diseased action of the many organs engaged in extracting nou rishment for our bodies from our various diets— as the liver, stomach, and bowels, over all of which they exercise the most salutary control. By resorting at- an early stage of the malady to these purifying and laxative pills, the dyspeptic is speedily restored to. health and- strength, and his sallowness gradually vanishes.— Advt. To Motubus and Nuosbs.— Tlie most innocent' remeiy fur. children cutting their teeth is Mrs. John son's Soothing Syrup, an outward application, which cools the heated gums, and gives immediato relief to the child. Prepared only by Barclay and Soils, Far- ringdon-strcet, London, Price, 2s. 9d. per bottle/ Sold by all chemists. Agents : Me-3sra. Long and Son, Melbourne. - 