LATEST NEWS. By Electric 'Telegraph ANULO-AUSTiIALIAN PRESS TELEGRAMS. VICTORTA. S Melbourne, December 22. Action by John O'Malley, station master, against Douglas, Elder, and A. T. Clark, M.P., proprietors of the Williamnstown Advertiser, for libel, claimed £250 damages. The no'ion a rose out of an attack mado by the Williamstown Advertiser on O'Malley, in connection with cheque for £100, Little was compelled by him to give to pay cost of transport of the Wesleyan Sunday School excursionists from Ballarat in February last. O'M[alley's appointment was character ised as a political one; he was in ferentially called a bog.tretter ani incubus, untaught and unteachable, a muff, ignorant of bearing or the manners of a gentleman ; an imperfectly reclaimed creature and' other like terms. "The jury found a verdict for the defendants. Scratchings of Ella for the Mid. sumer Handicap ; Sonneteer for the three year old Handicap; Cronsdadt for the Hurdles. Decision of the Master in the case' of of Mary Ann Pennington confirmed by Judge Molesworth ; the girl ordered to leave Mrs Clinton and reside with Mrs. Williams for six weeks. Debtors .summoned 'by'. Waxinan against M.S. Levy dismissed on ground of service 'bid; Waxman will have to commence de novo. Witness who attended the Insolvent court intoxicated, n~as consequently committed: he escaped before the crier could arrest him. A boat accident at StKilda; a gentle .man, two ladies, and a boy thrown out of. the capsized boat. One lady could I swim', and the gentlenun supported the other lady and boy until assistance catne.,:. Theatre Royal closed for Christmas pantomime; the harlequin, lnumpty iDtimpty, Dr Sylvester, intends giving great ghost illusions, similar to those tf the Polytechnic, London, at St., George's Hall, PAuLIAMuENT.-In the Assembly, M'Culloch, answering Campbell, said, no scabby sheep were in quarantine, but the Chief Inspector would not declare the colony clean,. University Act Amendment Dill ad- a mitting women to degrees considered ; the amendment by M'Dermtt that the bill be read this day six months was E lost by 28 votes ; the bill was read at third time t The House is in committee otl the t Legal Professions amalgamation bill. Collection of.Tolls Extention likely fi p' come on it) the Council h Land Aot Amendment Bill submitted last night ; read first time, and second reading tomorrow. Petitions from It run owners on the (loulbouru, Upper Murray, and Benalla, giving reasons why the present squatting rents should ri remail, untouched, received. In the Assembly on Thursday, Sir James McCulloch to move that the House at its rising adjourn till Tuesday, 11th January. December 23. ° Sydney cricketers entertained at the residence of M'Artbur, President of h the Mlelbourne Club; enjoyable day. o Young man named Simpson, charged with attempting to break open a safe in the Collingwood Post Offce, con fessel he visited the room where the Postmaster slept on revolver; three times failed to penetrate the safe; stole small articles; remanded. Man named Leist, charged with attemlpting suicide at the watch house e by pulling a strap round his throat, remanded for seven days. C:ancy, who escaped from the Insolvent Court after order for com.. mittal for intoxication, yesterday attended ; to-day made humble apology, and was discharged with a caution. Scratchings :-Arbutus and Rode for the Championship ; Tenor for the Midsummer Handicap; Melbourne improving, 4 to 1; Richmond, Robin Hood, late Sylvia Colt, 5 to 1; New tminster well supported for the Two Year Old Stakes, 3 to I. PAiXarMNT. - Councoil occupied with discussion of the Land Act I Amendment Bill; Sir Samuel Wilson approved of it; Hon W. Wilson opposed the Bill, as also tolls; the i extension of the 'time in the case of tolls sure to be carried. In the Assembly, M'Cullooh, answering Stewart, said it was neces- I eary the New Election Bill should be a passed before a dissolution took place, I but as there is no imminent fear of a dissolution there need be no hurry ; the Government would bring in a Bill h on the subject early next session. l Witt asked if the Railway Depart. ment would grant compensation to Martin Ford for goods destroyed by p burning of the Avenel station. Gillies 0 said the Department was generally O advised not to pay these claims, as the 0 owners of goods had been repeatedly n requested to remove them. Financial debate resumed; Tucker a moved that as the proposition of the ti Government involves a radical change d in the present system of taxation, it is it just and right that the constituences tt should have an opportunity of axpres. sing thleir opinions at a general election before such proposition for new taxation at raceivis the final sanction of Parliament, B and also because at the last general c. electios the only question submitted was Constitutional Reform. Tucker com- se mencel speaking to the resolution ; the chairmnu said the committee could not 11l consid r the question unless it should at have been introduced in the House by M message ; quoted authorities. Berry st continued the debate, and held the amendment admissable as this was com- ti mittee, of the whole House; still dis. t6 cosaing the point of order. to Gaunson gave notice of his intention to ask the Premier what steps he 0 intended to take relative to the seats now unconstitutionally held by members W who had been rejected by important conmtituencies. Terms agreed to for the purchase of the Criterion Hotel as the site of a com poste hotel, stock exchange, etc. 