The Protestant Mall* Sydney. (Abridged from the UeTUld.) On-Tuesday last (Prince of Wales Birthday), tho foundation stone of the Protestant Hall, in course of erection in Sydney, was laid by Dr. Barker, tho Bishop of Sydney. A procession was formed in the Outer Domain, at 10 o'clock, after which it proceeded to the site of the Protestant Hall, 011 the east side of Castlorcagh-street, between Biithurst and Liverpool streets; The procession was headed by an excellent bnisa band, loyally breathing forth the inspiring strains of ' God bless t.llA Prill m nf Wnlns ' ' :- 1 1 i ?! T j-rl liv ' ! find vn the Queen.' They wore followed by a Protostant society with an enormous banner, on one side of which was depicted a full-length painting of her Majesty. In the procession there must have been many thousands, all decorated with blue and orange ribbons, and most wearing the regalia of tho Orange lodges and friendly socitics. Indeod as to the sentiment of tho crowd there could be no mistake. Oranges wore displayed everywhere' on the tops of sticks and parasols and flag-poles ) in fact, wheroVer they could bo made prominent. Altogether great enthusiasm appears to have characterised the proceedings, which, however, it seems were very orderly. On the arrival of the procession at the site of the Hall, The Rev. Mr. Wilkinson (Wesleyan) gavo out the hymn, ' Before Jehovah's awful throne,' and it was sung by the vast assembly to the ' Old Hundredth' tune — oho of the bands leading, and Mr. Packer presiding at tho harmonium placed on the platform. Prayer was then offered by the Tie v. G. Suther land, and tho 55th chapter of Isaiall having been read, the Rev. H, A. Langley gave out the hymn beginning ' O God of Bethel.' Mr. R. M'Coj', the Chairman of tho Protestant Hall Company, then handed Dr. Barker a silver trowol and mallet, with which, under the direction of Mr. lloWo, the architect, he laid the foundation stone in the name of tho Father, the Son, and the Holv Ghost. The Bishop, having laid the stone, then ad dressed tho assemblage as follows : — It is with very great satisfaction that I take the part assigned to 1110 in this day's proceedings, and assist my fellow Protestants in providing a suitable hall for their meetings. I deem it an honor to have been asked to lay this stone. . I accept tho request as a mark of confidence, and rejoice in such an evidence of the esteem which so many of the citizens of Sydney entertain for ono who has lived before them for twenty years, and who makes no other claim to their regard than his earnest desire and consistent endeavor to uphold the principles of the Reformed Protestant faith. (Cheers.) I beg to thank the friends who havo thus distinguished 1110, and have afforded me this public opportunity of commending those prin ciples to the attention and acceptance of many who, if they do not hear, will read the words hero uttered. We are Protestants. What then i asks some one. What is a Protestant ? and what is the Protestant religion ? and where was your religion before Luther ? and so forth. We reply that our religion is in the Bible, or, in other words, that the Bible, and the Biblo only, is the religion of Protestants. Wo differ, 110 doubt, 011 some, and perhaps many points ; but we agree in this, our rule of faith is tho Word of God. Whatever is not found therein, or cannot bo proved thereby, wo do not receive, and if an attempt is made to forco upon our acceptance articles of faith we cannot believe, wo protest — cheers — and have for some ages protested, and havo protested with such effect that wherever tho English language is spoken there you will find a people agreeing to maintain this fundamental principle — that the Bible is the sole rule of faith. (Cheers.) Agreement upon this point is agree ment upon a foundation of truth. The testimony of Scripture is the rock upon which the Church is built. It is founded upon tho Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself boing tho head conicr-stone. And other foundation than this is faulty, and however fair iu appearance or lofty in pretonsion tho superstructure may bo, if not rest ing upon this ono foundation, it is doomed to destruction ; of it as of great Babylon, it will 0110 day be said, 'It is fallen, it is fallen.' Let, it bo observed that the differences of Protestants are differences in tho interpretations of Scripture, and these differences can never ccase so long as free- | dom of inquiry and liberty of conscience aro allowed to men. (Cheers.) Tho day is past when it w;is possible to produce a dead uniformity by tho violontftuppression of the utterances of an awakened and inquiring conscience. Wo may and do differ upon the meaning of certain terms in which Church government is sot forth ; but in this wo agree — wo recognise one and only one Supreme Authority, wo make our appeal to one Statute Book — tho Word of God. And I repeat that bo long'as men are honest and free, such indifferences will pre vail, and are no valid ob jections against the autho rity of the Scriptures. Very conscicntious and able advocates differ widely in their interpretation of an Act of Parliament. Very learned and im partial judges may be quite unable to agree in their decisions. But all, advocates and judges, - are of one mind in this respect, that, whenever.tho. law is ascertained, it is supreme, and must be obeyed, and to this extent all Protestants aro agreed ? with them the authority of Scripture is final and decisive. Their difficulty in determining the moaning of Scripture has led some to desire that an infallible interpretation of it could be ob tained, and they have sought relief from the re sponsibility of private judgment in tho voice of the Church, tho unanimous consent of the Fathers, or in tho authoritative decisions of some spiritual guide. Tho Church of Rome professes to supply this guidance, and affirms that the Pope, to whom, in the Pope's letter to tho Emperor of Prussia, all baptized persons are said to ' belong in some way or other,' has authority to decide in matters of faith, and that all who yield themselves to his in falliblo decisions are safe. ' I claim,' says Arch bishop Manning, speaking in the person of tho Pope, ' to be the supreme judge on earth and director of tho consciences of men, of tho peasant that tills in the field, and tho prince that sits on tho throne, of the household that sits in tho shade of privacy, and tiie legislature that makes laws for tho kingdom. I am the last supreme judge on earth of what is right and wrong.' (Laughter.) Against these statements and the claims founded on them, we protest as unscriptural and untrue. (Cheers.) They are ' fond inventions,' 'fables of the middle ages,' falsehoods, founded upon for geries. Tako for example tho famous donation of Constantine, as it is called, by which it was pre tended that tho Emperor Constantine gave to the Bishop of Rome imperial power and honor, made him judge in all that concerns the service of God, gave him supreme authority over all the Churches in the world, and conferred upon him tho sove- reignty over Rome, Italy, and the Western regions. Our Irish friends are, some of them at least, in dignant at being placed under an English Govern ment, and are vehement in their aspirations after independence and Home Rule. Does it ever occur to them to inquire how they were first brought under the hated Saxon yoke ? A Pope gave them to an English king on condition that each house paid a penny to a Pope. Pope Adrian blessed the second King Henry's invasion of Ireland and founded his grant of tho kingdom upon the authority of the forged donation of Constan tine. (Cheers.) The false decretials wore a still more stupendous forgery. Tho end aimed at in them is the same as in the donation of Constantine ; the Bishop of Rome is universal Bishop, and all appeals are finally to be carried to Rome. These forgeries served their gnrpose. They were sanctioned by infallible Popes. For centuries they were held to be authentic, and though now abandoned and pronounced to be forgeries by every modern historian of repute, in tho catechism of the Council of Trent and by Liguori they are still referred to as of authority. Against the claims thus propounded and supported we protest. For six centuries the Roman suprem acy was unheard of in the universal Church. It is rejected in tho East to this day. We refuse to admit it on these and on other grounds. No man has a right to claim supreme authority over the conscience of another. We are each of irresponsible to God, and that responsibility cannot be shared by another — cannot be usurped by another, how ever high his position or great his power. In struction, information may be given, exhortation and persuasion may be used, but when one attempts to extort from another the profession of that which in his heart he disbelieves, a hypocrite or a martyr is made ; and if the body is saved from'thc flames, it is at the peril of tho soul. In the domain of conscience we call no man master or lord. We claim and we exercise the right of private judgment as a part of that inheritance which our forefathers purchased, not without some cist and labour and suffering even unto death. These claims of the Church of Rome, against which we protest, set up and maintained by forgery and fraud, were for some ages received, or were challenged but by few. They were times of ignorance of the Scriptures, 'there was no open vision.' But with tho revival of letters and the discovery of printing, when Erasmus published his edition of the Greek Testa ment, and Luther and Tyndal gave to tho people the Bible in the vulgar tongue, then light broke in upon an enlightened Europe, Tho night of darkness was indeed long ; the truth had been fettered- and thrust into the inner prison, and its feet made fast in the stocks. The Reformation was an earthquake, a manifestation of divine power, before which many who had been the gaolers and tormentors of God's servants were constrained to cry out, ' What shall we do to be saved ?' A liberated Bible freed tho world from mental and spiritual slavery. This was felt and feared, Every effort was made to suppress and destroy tho early printed copies of the Scriptures, and with such success, that of some editions of Tyndal's not a single New Testament remains, while he, the noble Englishman who first gave liberty to the world, was treacherously seized and strangled, and his body burned at Velvorde. But tho Word of God was not to be thus bound. When tho English Bible was allowed to be circu lated throughout tho realm the Reformation became an accomplished fact ; the English nation took up that protest against tho usurpations of the Bislmp of Rome, which, save for brief intervals in the reigns of Mary and the second James, has continued to this day. (Cheers.) Tho English Reformation gave decided and permanent form to that protest which tho Reformation began. At the Revolution the Protestant settlement was established — a transaction in virtue of which her (Cheers.) In that settlement is tho statute of William and Mary, cap. 6, entitled ' An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath and one of tho articles of that oath is to the following effect : ' Will you, to tho uttermost of your power, maintain the laws of God, the true profession of tho Gospel, and the Protestant reformed religion established by law !' (Cheers.) It is thus one of the conditions by which the settlement of the Throne is secured to the present Royal Family, that the Sovereign is a Protestant, and swears to maintain tho Protestant reformed religion. (Cheers.) This expression occurs also in the Act of Union with Scotland ; and on high authority it is maintained that tho words were made large onough intentionally to include tho Church of Scotland, of which Archbishop Tenison said at the time : ' He believed the Church of Scotland to be as true a Protestant Church as the Church of England, though ho could not say it was as perfect.' (Cheers.) The Queen of England carries out the spirit and intention of this Consti tution ; when sojourning in her Highland home she worships and communicates iu the parish church as a Protestant in the Presbyterian form. Again in tho Roman Catholic Relief Act the reli gion of England is styled the Protestant religion, and the Church of England is the Protestant Episcopal Church. Have we then any reason to be ashamed of this maligned word! (Voices: 'No, no.') I trow not. According to the Con stitution of England the Queen, God bless her, mast bo a Protestant. The Prince, whose birth day we commemorate, is a Protestant, and must remain such as he ascends the throne. The reli gion of England is Protestant, the Church of England is Protestant, and ' Englishmen,' says the ' Times' in an article 011 tho old Catholics of Germany, ' are Protestants to the backbone.' (Great cheering.) There are some indeed who disavow this term, and one prominent member of the Ritualistic party is reported to have gloried in the fact that he and his had for ever got rid of tho odious word Protestant. We can believe tho report to be true, since in the present use of tho term we understand that ' Protestantism is a principlo opposed to Sacerdotalism, and is a perpetual protest against the whole body of ritual doctrine, the avowed object of which is to exalt the sacerdotal function, aud to trans form the minister of the people into the priest of tho sacrifice.' (Historicus in the 'Times'.) If this is a correct definition of Protestantism no wonder that Ritualists and their followers reject the word. But it is further said that the term is unmeaning, that it teaches nothing and is simply a negation. The phrase is no doubt understood in a sense different from that which was attached to it when on the 19th of April, 1529, the Elector of Saxony, the (Landgrave of Hesse, and many others at the Diet of Spiro, publicly protested against tho decree of that Assembly, and appoaled to tho Emperor and a future Council. The namo however, from that time onward has been common to thoso who havo forsaken the communion of tho* Roman Pontiff— who deny his supreme authority —and appeal to tho Word of Cod. This objection to the word Protestant that it is nimplv a negation would apply to a considerable part of tho' Deca logue, and to the teaching ot the Prophets Apostles, and Our Lord Himself. In all these prohibition occupies a large space, and while tho ' word Protestant does in the first instance declare that, as respects tho Church of Rome, we are Protestants, it is perfectly well understood that we hold nil that to bo true which is revealed in ' tho Scriptures, And if it be said that the origin of tho term shows that Protestantism is novel and schismatical, we reply that the. reformed religion is no novelty ; tho Fathers of the English Church are the Apostles ; it is tho Church of Rome which is modern in its many innovations on genuine Christianity (cheers)— on the Christianity preached by Our Lord and his Apostles, and the Christianity exhibited by the writers of tho first four centuries of the Church. (Cheers.) Our contention is this — tho Church of Rome has abandoned the straight rule of the Word of God, but we have observed it. If we cannot travel in company, it is because they, not we, have left the ' old paths.' When tho Reformation dispelled the fogs of ignorance and superstition, and let in the rich light of heaven, men could no longer be induced by a pre tended infallibity to give their sanction to errors and practices of a most dangerous and deadly character. ''At the Reformation God raised up men with power and disposition to examine the claims of the Church of Rome, and with intre pidity to proclaim tho results of their inquiry. And when England rose in her might she shook off the yoke of that Church. The Reformation was a denial that the Bishop of Rome had any authority in England. A claim was their resisted which ought never to have been admitted, and a power was resummed which ought never to have been delegated,' — Melvill. The Reformation was thus a restoration — a restoration of the supremacy of tho Word of God, of public worship to an intelli gent service, of justification before God to Christ alone, of liberty of conscience and freedom of in quiry, The Reformers were no more schismatics than were the Apostles, when they left tho Jewish Church in its superstition and unbelief, and formed the Church of Christ. Let no man be led astray by tho assertion that our common Protestantism is a novelty. We are satisfied with our position in history. Tho Protestantism we profess is the' old faith, that which was from the beginning, and for the truth of which we appeal to tho Word of God. If any one objects that state ments of tho kind I am now making are uncalled for, and that whatever the Church of Rome may have been in days gone by, there is little danger to be apprehended from that quarter now, let him ' consider that an infallible Church cannot change, its motto is ' semper eadem and though, chame leon-like, its hue may vary, its claims to supremacy and universal sway over the conscience, the liberty, and the life of every baptized person are the same to-day as of old. What says Mr. Gladstone— (cheers) — of one of two latest utterances of the Roman See. In the Syllabus, ' tho Pope has condemned with fearfully energetic epithets those who maintain the liberty of the Press, or the liberty of conscience and of worship, or the liberty of speech, or who hold that the Church may not employ force, or that in countries called Catholic the free exercise of other religions may be laud ably allowed.' Let no man be induced by smooth words and fair speeches to believe that any change for the better his come over tho Church of Rome. The snare is set, the pit is dug, and men cannot be driven blindfold into it ; they may be dazzled by a false glare. If they cannot be coerced they may be beguiled. Too wise in their own conceit to seek God prayerfully and humbly in the Bible, they may be captivated by a religion set forth in an attractive form, and thus has been said 'A day of great intellectual light may be as favourable to the Church of Rome as a day of great intellectual darkness.' For these reasons our protest must still be continued, Tho danger to be apprehended from the principles and practices of the Church of Rome is as great as ever, and it is impossible that there can ba union and peace between us and them. ' True brotherhood can never be maintained by com- promising principles. ' The Apostle himself, when exhorting us to live peaceably with all men, guards and limits that direction by the possibility of doing this. ' If it be possible, as umcli as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.' Yes, as much as lieth in us, let us live peaceably with our Roman Catholic neighbours and fellow colonists. Let nothing be said or done calculated needlessly to jn'ovoke angry feelings ; hard argu ments if you will, but kindly words nevertheless. (Cheers. ) Aud yet with every disposition to avoid giving unnecessary offence it mn st needs lie that Roman Catholics will count vt their enemies be cause we tell tlieni tho truth. Towards the Church of Rome we must live in an attitude of opposition, by argument, by counsel, by exhortation, by prayer. Let me add that no man should, go, or allow others with whom he has inlluence to go, into the way of temptation. Why go to hear dis courses which aro intended to conduct you into the pale of the Romish Church'! (Cheers.) Let no man sanction the marriage of his child to s Roman Catholic. (Great cheering.) Let 110 man subscribe to the building of Roman Catholic pluces of worship. (Great Cheering.) Be kind, be neigh bourly, give relief in distress, help in sickness, but do nothing for the advancement of a religious system against which our very name is a perpetual protest. (Cheers.) Let me remind yon that while you protest against error, you are bound hy^your profession to commend the truth. Is the 'ora of God supreme as your rule of faith ? — then let its power be seen in regulating your life You bear the honoured name of Protestant : adorn it by the still more honourable character of the Christian. The consistent, kind and loving life will do more than the loudest protestations to command your principles I pray that tho Divine blessing may rest 011 the labours of those who are engaged if tho erection of this hall, and I trust that they will meet with a large and liberal sympathy from the people of this colon}' — that they will no' 0D'y be ablo to complete the present structure, bu throw back the walls into the adjoining street, ail thus show to the community of Sydney what tiie Protestant strength is. (Cheers.) I earnestly nope, that this hall, amongst othor advantages, may ua used for the diffusion — by lectures or classes— 0 scriptural truth, as well as for the transaction 0 business. I know not what, provision is intMicte to be made for the elevation of the character the members of the different bodies meeting ncre, but I trust that occasionally such instruction may be given as will tend to the formation of religious, intelligent and prudent communities, distin guished for attachment to the cause of order * good government, a wise and understJi' 1 S peoplo in this fair Australia of ours, a loyal peupw —loyal to the Bible and the Crown, and who, m faith and practice, will adopt that emblem of the British Constitution— the Orowu supported by the Word of God. (Obeers.) Tho Rev. Dr. Steel gavo out the hymn begm ning, ' Standing by a purpose true ; «»' having been sung, the Rev. Dean Oowpor pr HOUIICUU UMJ UW11WUH»MUH. n. f Cheers wore given for the Queen, the I rin Wales, and the Bishop of Sydnoy, and the proces sion reformed and walked, by Bathui'st, » and Devonshire streets, to tho Exhibition tiiou 1 r where, in the afternoon, a programme of «'!'UT sports took place ; and music and speeches mbi the building in the afternoon and evening, number present in' the afternoon being 11 1.0, 0U0, and in the evening OOOO. tin- Alf Stephen presided in the evening. ? ? ? ? ? ? Miner's Relief Fund.— It would appe.-tr from the ' Miner's Advocate' that the discussion uf uueJticn is going to bear fruit after all, a - ? General Secretary and District Chairman of the mini-r-1 proceeded to Sydney for th° l'^l'. , rg holding a conlerenco with the Associated Jlaat and Managers. 