APPALLING SUICIDE. A brothel in Little Flinders-street wa', on Thursday evening about dusk. the scene of a most horrible case of suicide; the victim being a native of Dantzic, named Maurice John Mackewitz, aged 42 years. About twelve months ago, ayoung woman named Alice Buckley was rescued from drowning near Prince's Bridge by the efforts of two men, who saw her im mninent danger, arid risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, but the" other succeeded in bringing the girl safely to land. She possessed considerable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain -repute. several persons took an interest in her, and amongst them the unfortunate man who on-Friday blew his brains out. lie ap pears to have been an industrious and re; spectable individual, and having made the acquaintance of Buckley, he at once pro ,pused- marriage to her. She consented, and the.cerensuny was duly performed. With the means they had at command, the married couple tolk the Empire IIotel at Hotham, and carried on business there for some-time, hut not with the satisfactory result.that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relihiquish the pre mises, and with what they could save from the wreck they took another hotel named the British Lion. "This albo failed, and about a week ago they resigned the business and separated. the woman going to live in a cottage in Flinders-lane, where the tragedy occurred, the deceased intima ting his intention of goin' up country to look for employment. ''l?e deceased was prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill treated his wife.. At the time she left hint he was quite aware of.her purpose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith with her in this respect until Friday morning, when about ten o'clock, he called at the cottage in Flinders-lane, Where Buckley lived. The house is one of a range'of four, between Russell and Stephen streets, and consists of a front parlor and a back bed room, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to the rear, where the 6stensible lady of the house and her children slept.. One of the youngrsteris opened the door when deceased kniocked, and in accordance with directions, informed Buckley, who was then in bed with a- man in' the back room, that "a gentleman wanted to see her'" She, not 'knowing who it was.that inquired for her, sent out word for him to call again. The message having been conveyed to Miacke ivitz, he left, stating that he would return about one o'clock. The woman seemed to be aware of who the visitor wis, and ac cordingly was prepared for him at the hour named. Punctually to promise he airrived. He seemed troubled and ill tempered, and' without .saying anything entered the parlour and took his seat upon a sofa. Buckley approached him in. a frieridly manner, and, placing her hand upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to the country. He said that he intended starting the following day, and asked her it she had got any money. She opened her purse and handed him a sovereign. Some conver sation ensued'as to what he purposed do ing with the .noney. Hie replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and he wanted to re lease'them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This. satisfied her, and, on apparently. friendly terms, he rose to take his departure.; When at the hall door he stopped, and "turning, round .he said, in tones that indicated determina tion, "I shall return this evening at six o'clock, without faiil. Mind I am deter mined to see you, and therefore do not fiil me.".' She said "All right," and he then went a?ray. Shortly after the hour named he knocked at the door, and,there being at .the time no:one'.else-%but herself in the hoidse she gave him admission. They both proceeded to the bedroom, and she, in the first instance, suggested that she should. return him the pawn. tickets of his clothes 'and other articles which she had in her possession.. 'His manner wVas abstracted, and the expression of his eyes was wild and revengeful; but she took no particular notice of this until he leaned over. and struck her in.the face, at the same time throwing a quantity of silver on the floor. .This sent her reeling against the bed, on to which he pressed her, lean ing over, and holding her down with a sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of .his fingers and addressing her said, :'Do you see that ? That is a ring, com posed of your hair." He at the same time drew from his pocket a small pistol, which he showed her. The woman, believing he was'goingto shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape.. The next moment she heard a report and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and, on returning to consciousness, she found herself lying on the bed and the room in "darkness. She rose and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly disfigured, lying on the floor beside the bed. Slhe rushed to the door, and in doing so hadl to stumble over the corpse, and cried for help. Dis turbances are unfortunately niot rarities in such places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm. She succeeded after a timne in escaping from the rorno, and then scream ing like a womnan deranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted attention, and several of the neishbours burst in, when they found the unfortunate womanleasningoverand caressc ing the blood-staised corpse. A moresicken ing sight could hardly be imagined than was presented by the body. The deceased appeared a large mian, with somewhat re gular and rather prepossessing features. Hie, in commnitting the act. had placed the muzzle of the pistol i his miIouthl, nud fired it. 'IThe bIullet took an upward direc tion. traversing the left cheek and carry ing a:way oir splintering in f'ragnments the entire left hlemisphere of.the skull. leav ing an operture through which the lace. rated brains exudedl., falling in a mass upon the floor. Deaths. in its most revolt. ing form, must have bIeen instantasieous. and it was with difficulty- the wmlarllI could be dragged from the chamber. The spectacle presented was truly terrible. Stretched at ti'ull length, ansi filling up the greater portion of the vacant space in the r ?nm, was the body, the face and upper p >rtion covered with blood that still trick I-.d to the floor and added to the ensan gained pool in which the head lay partly buried. The bed with its elegant hang ings all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture and pictures of women decolletees, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of itnmorality and crime that, happily, are rarely witnessed amongst us. Beside the body was found a docu ment, from which it was evident that the wretched man had conunitted premeditated suicide from motives of jealousy. The letter contains allusions to his wife's im moral relations with men, whose anmies are not given below for obvious reasons. Some of the context also has been omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to the day oif his wedding and his burial, ,no doubt alluding to the fact that Friday was the anniversary of his wedding-day.- The reference to the detective force apparently alludes to the fact that the woman lived near the Detective-office. The letter runs thus: "I)ecember 17, 1875.-I write this in my proper senses, and I intend to kill myse'f to.day some way. My wife left me last we:'k through the interference uof the follnvowing women and' men :-[The next sentence is incoherent.] Prostitu tion is the best carried on, most successfill carried on, under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an examnle. I don't sign my name. It will b. found out soon enough. I have no mon, y, and I intend to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcas that'she mty re member me in that beautifull life that she and her companion are leeding, and maiy the course of God be on here that she shall always have the mangled body of myself always before herself; and if my ghost he shall hunt and drive her to mad ness, and the worst I wish here [The re mainder was written so that it could not he known which portion read first] I got £1 from my wife and . . . . I paid 4s for a pistol in Cleeland's. I re turn the rest to her after paying for powi der and shot. I see her at my wedding day my byrri:l I wish to be burried witTh the lock of hair on my finger ..... I leave my lodging now 10 a.m. to go and see me cursed wife to get some money,- the first and.last to buy a. pistol, and re turn to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed caress. Amen. N.B.-My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find froom her, her brother is an old policeman, and living, I believe, in Dandenong, Oakleigh, Fern tree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland) at present I believe. J. M. M. married December 17, 1874; died by his own hand December 17, 18.15: order for a gra;ve stone." The tragic event naturally caused con siderable excitement in the neighbourhood, and a great many people assembled in Flinder-lane and wished to see the corpse, hut the police in charge of course admitted no one except those who had business in. the place.---Age. 