IHB DSA9 SECRET. BOOK V. CHAPTER III. APPROACHING THE PRECIPICE. BY W TLKIE COLLINS. Travelling from London to Porthgenna, Mr. and Mrs. Frankland had stopped, on the ninth of May, at the West Winston station. On the eleventh of June they left it again to continue their journey to Cornwall. On the thirteenth, after resting two nights upon the road, they arrived, towards the evening, at Porthgenna Tower. There had been storm and rain all the morning,' it had lulled towards the afternoon; and at the hour when they reached tlio house, the wind had dropped, a thick white fog hid the sea from view, and sudden showers fell drearily from time to time over the sodden land. Not even a solitary idler from the village was hanging about the west terrace, as the carriage containing Mr. and Mrs. Frankland, the baby, and the two servants, drove up to the house. No one was waiting with the door open to receive the travellers; for all hope of their arriving on that day had been given up, and the ceaseless thundering of the surf, as the stormy sea suited in on the beach beneath, drowned the roll of the carriage-wheels over the terrace road. The driver was obliged to leave his seat, and ring at the bell for admittance. A minute or more elapsed before the door was opened. With the rain falling sullen and steady on the roof of the carriage, with the raw dampness of the atmosphere penetrating through all coverings and defences, with the boolbing of the surf sounding threateningly near in the dense obscurity of the fog, the young couple waited for admission to their own home, as strangers might have waited who had called at an ill-chosen time. When the door was. opened at last, the master and mistress, whom the servants would have welcomed with the proper congratulations on any other occasion, were now received with the propei- apologies instead. Mr. Munder, Mrs. Pentreath, Betsey, and Mr. Fraiikland's man, all crowded together in the hall, and all begged pardon confusedly for not having been ready at the door, when the carriage drove up. The appoarance of the baby changed the conventional excuses of the housekeeper and the maid into conventional expressions of admiration ; but the men remained grave and gloomy, and spoke of the miserable nveather apologetically, as if the rain and the fog had been of their own making. The reason for their persistency in dwelling on this one dreary topic, came out while Mr and Mrs. Frankland were beiug conducted up the west staircase. The storm of the morning had been fatal to three of the Porthgenna fishermen, who had been lost with their boat at sea, and whoso deatlis had thrown the whole village into mourning. The servants had done nothing but talk of the catastrophe ever since the intelligence of it liad reached them, early in the afternoon; and Mr. Mundor now thought it his duty to explain that the absence of the villagers, on the occasion of the arrival of his master and mistress, was entirely attributable to the effect produced among the little community by the wreck of the fishing boat. Under any less lamentable circumstances, the west terrace would liave been crowded, and the appearance of the carriage would have been welcomed with cheers. " Lenny, I almost wish we had waited a little longer before we came here," whispered Rosamond, nervously pressing her husband's arm. " It is very dreary and disheartening to return to my first home on such a day as this. That story of the poor fishermen is a sad story, love, to welcome mo back to the place of my birtli. Lot us send the first thing to-morrow morning, and see what we can do for the poor helpless women and children. I shall not feel easy in my mind, after hearing that stoiy, till we have done something to comfort them." " I trust you will approve of the repairs, ma'am," said the housekeeper, pointing to the staircase which led to the second story. "The repairs?" said Rosamond, absently. Repairs ! I never hoar the word now, without thinking of the north rooms, and of the plans wc devised for getting my poor dear father to live in them. Mrs Pentreath, I have a host of questions to ask you and Mr. Munder, about all the extraordinary things that happened when the mysterious lady and the incomprehensible foreigner came hdbe. JBut tell; me first—this is the west front, I suppose M-how far are >ve from the north rooijis ? I mean,' how long would it take us *to get to them, if we wanted to go now to that part of tlie house?" " Oh, • dear mo, ma'am, not five minutes!" answered. Mrs. Pentreath. : f^Not flvo minutes 1" repeated R^Wunond, Whispering to her husband again, " Do. .you hear that, Lenny I In five minutes we might be in the Myrtle Room!" "Yet," said Mr. Frankland, smiling, "in our present state of ignorance, we are just as far from it, as if we were at West Winston still]" " I can't think that, Lenny. It may ba only my fancy, but now we are on the spot, I feel as if we had driven the mystery into its last hiding place. We are actually in the house that holds the Secret; and nothing will persuade me tliat we are not half way already towards finding it out. But don't let us stop on this cold landing. Which way are we to go next?" "This way, ma'am," said Mr. Munder, seizing the first opportunity of placing himself in a promiuent position. " There is a fire in the drawing-room. Will you allow mo the honour of leading and conducting you, sir, to the apartment in question I" he added, officiously stretching out his hand to Mr, Frankland. " Certainly not!" interposed Rosamond sharply. She had noticed with her usual quickness of observation, that Mr. Munder wanted the dclicacy of feeling which ought to have restrained him from staring curiously at his blind master, in her presence; and she was unfavourably disposed towards him in consequence. " Wherever the apartment in question may happen to he," she continued with satirical emphasis, "I will lead Mr. Franklaud to it, if you please. If you want to make yourself useful, you had better go on before us, and open tlie door." Outwardly crest-Mien, but inwardly indignant, Mr. Munder led the way to the drawingroom. The fire burned brightly, the oldfashioned furniture displayed itself to the most picturesque advantage, tlie paper on the walls looked comfortably mellow, the carpet, faded as it was, felt soft and warm underfoot. Rosamond led her husband to an easy chair by the fireside, and began to feel at home for the first time. This looks really comfortable," she said. " When we have shut out that dreary white fog, and the candles are lit, and the tea is on the table, we shall liave nothing in the world to complain of. You enjoy this nice warm, atmosphere, don't you, Lenny? There is a piano in the room mydear; I canplay to you in the evening at Porthgenna, just as I used in London. Nurse, sit down and make yourself and the baby as comfortable as you can. Before we take our bonnets off, I aiuet go away with Mrs. Pentreath, and see about the bedrooms. What is your name, you veiyjosy, good-natured looking girl! Betsey, is it! Well then, Betsey, suppose you go down and get the tea; and we shall like you all the better,if you can contrive to bring us some cold meat with it." Giving her orders in those goodhumoured terms, and not noticing that her husband looked a little uneasy while she was talking so familiarly to a servant, Rosamond left the room in company with Mrs Pentreath. When she returned, her face and manner were altered : she looked and rprlrn^ninnrljr and quietly. " I hope I have arranged everything for the best, Lenny," she said. "The airiest and largest room, Mis. Pentreath tells me, is the room in which my mother died. But I thought we had better not make use of that: I felt as if it chilled and saddened me only to look at it. Further on, along the passage, there is a room tliat was my nursery. I almost fancied, when Mrs. Pentreath told me she had heard I used to sleep there, tliat I remembered the pretty little arched doorway leading into the second room—tho night-nursery, it used to he called in former days. I have ordered the flip to be lit there, and the beds to be made. There is a third room on the right hand, whica communicates with tho day-nursery. I think we nraht manage to establish ourselves very comfinRbly in the three rooms—if you felt no objection—though they are not so large or so grandly furnished as the company-bedrooms., I will cliange the arrangement, if you likebut the house looks rather lonesome and dreary, just at first—ami my heart warms to the old nursery—and I think we might at least try it, to begin with, don't you, Lenny 1" Mr. Fraukland was quite of his wife's opinion, and was ready to accede to any domestic arrangements that she might think fit to make. While ho was assuring her of this, the tea came up: and the sight 1 ;of it helped to restore Rosamond to her usualepirits. When the meal was over, she occupied herself in seeing tho baby comfortably established fori the night, in the room on tha right hand: which communicated . With the dayrnursdry,* That maternal duty performed, »lie came back to her husband in the drawing-room; and the, conversation between them turned—asit almost • always turned, uow, when they wcro Alouo—- ton the two perplexing subjects of Mrs. Jazeph' and tho Myrtle Room. . > < < " I wish it was nof night," said, fiogum6nd. ?' I should like begin iexploriug£ja£ 4nco. Mind; Leiiny,.yonmust bo wathano Jiii/alliiny give mo your advice. You must never lose patience, and never tell me that yqu can be of no use. How I do wish -wo were starting on our voyage of discovery at this very moment! But wo may make inquiries, at any rate," she continued, ringing the 1>eH. "Let us have the housekeeper and tlio steward up, and try if we can't make them tell us something more than 'they told us in their letter." The hell was answered by Betsey. Rosamond desired that Mr. Muuder anil Mrs. Penfcreath might bo sent upstairs. Betsey having board Mrs. Frankland express her intention of questioning the housekeeper and the steward, guessed why they wore wauted, and smiled mysteriously. "Did you sue anything of those strange visitor who behaved so oddly ?" asked Rosamond, detecting the smile. " Yes, I am sure you did. Tell us what you saw. We want to hear everything tliat hapjicned—everything, down to the smallest trifle." Appealed to in these dircct terms, Betsey contrived, with much circumlocution and confusion, to relate what her own personal experience had been of the proceedings of Mrs. Jazeph and her foreign companion. When she <had done, Rosamond stopped her on her way to the door, by asking this question :— You say the lady was found lying in a fainting fit at the top of the stairs, lluve you any notion, Betsey, why she fainted 1" The servant hesitated. " Come! come!" said Rosamond. " Yon have some notion, I can see. Tell us what it is." tl I'm afraid you will be angry with me, ma'am," said Betsey, expressing embarrassment by drawing lines slowly with her forefinger on a table at her side. " Nonsense! I shall only be angry with you, if you won't speak. Why do you think the lady fiiinted i" Betsey drew a very long line with her embarrassed forefinger, wiped it afterwards 011 her apron, and answered :— " I think she fainted, if you please, ma'am because she see the ghost" " The ghost! What! is there a ghost in the house f Lenny, here is a romance that we never expected. What sort of ghost is it t Lot us have the whole story." The whole story, as Betsey told it, was not of a nature to afford her hearers any extraordinary information, or to keep them very long in suspense. The ghost was a lady who had been at a remote period the wife of one of the owners of Porthgenna Tower, and who had been guilty of deceiving her husband in some way unknown. She had been condemned in consequence to walk about the north rooms, as long as ever the walls of them held together. She had long curling light brown hair, and very white teeth, and a dimple iu each cheek, and was altogether "awful beautiful" to look at. Her approach was heralded to any mortal creature who was unfortunate enough to fall in her way, by the blowing of a cold wind; and nobody who had once felt tliat wind had the elightdPchance of ever feeling warm again. That was all Betsey knew about the ghost; and it was in her opinion enough to freeze a person's blood only to think of it." Bosamond smiled, then looked grave again. " I wish you could have told u6 a Uttle more," she said. " But, as you cannot, we must try Mrs. Fentmatli and Sir. Muudcr next. Send them up here if you please, Betsey, as soon as you get down-stairs." The examination of the housekeeper and the steward led to 110 result whatever. Nothing more than they had already communicated in their letter to Mrs. Frankland cpold be extracted from cither of them. Mr. Munder's dominant idea was, that the foreigner liad entored the doors of Porthgenna Tower with felonious ideas on the subject of the family plate. Mi's. Pontreath coucmjKd in that opinion, and mentioned, in coinrcction with it, her own private impression tjjjat the lady in the quiet dress was au unfortunate person who had escaped from sa madhouse. As to giving a word of advice, or suggesting^ plan for solving the mystery, neither the. housekeeper nor the steward appeared to think that the rendering of any assistance of that sort Jay at all within their province. They took their own practical view of the suspicious conduct of the two strangers, and no mortal power could persuade them to look an inch beyond it. . *'f G, the stupidity, the provoking, inponetrable, pretentious stupidity of respectable English servants!" exclaimed Ii6samoud, when she and her husband were alone again, " No liGlp,\Lonny, to be hoped for from either of: those twopeople, We have nothing to trust tonow but the examination of the house to-inolproW'j and tliat resource may fail us, like alLthorost. . What can Doctor Chenuery he'about ? * 5Why did wo not hear from him before ipe left West Winston yestecday ?" « 1 '*('Patience, 'Rosamond, patience. We shall boa iwhat'the pfest; brings to-mpmw." . -.talk .about patience; dear! My stwk ofvirtue tow hover'.a very lai-gc one, and it was all exhausted ten days ago,* at least. 0, the weeks aud weeks I have been vaiidy asking myself—'Why should Mrs. Jazeph warn me against going into the Myrtle Room? Is she afraid of my discovering a crime i or afraid of my tumbling through the floor f What did she want to do in the room, when she made that attempt to got into it ? Why, in the name of wonder, should she know something about this house that I never knew, that my father never knew, that nobody else—> "Rosamond2" cried Mr. Frankland, suddenly changing colour, and starting in his chair—" I think I can guess who Mrs. Jazeph is!" "Good gracious, Lenny! What do you mean!" " Something in those last words of yours started the idea in my mind, the instant you spoke. Do you remember, when we were staying at St. Swithin's 011 Sea, and talking about the chances for and against our prevailing on your father to live with us here—do you remember, Rosamond, telling me at that time of certain unpleasant associations which he had with the house, and mentioning among them the mysterious disappearance of a servant on the morning of your mother's death ?" Rosamond turned pale at the question. " How came we never to tliiuk of that before ?" she said. " You told me," pursued. Mr. Frankland, " that this servant left a strange letter behind her, in which she confessed that your mother had charged her with the duty of telling a secret to your father—that she was afraid to divulge, aud that she was afraid of being questioned about. I am right am I not, in stating those two reasons she gave for her disappearance ?" "Quite right." "And your father never heard of her again 1" " Never!" " It is a bold guess to make, Rosamond, but the impression is strong on my mind that, on the day when Mrs. Jazeph came into your room at West Winston, you and that servant met, and she knew it!" " Aud the Secret, dear—the Secret she was afraid to tell my father ?" " Must be in some way connected with the Myrtle Room." Rosamond said nothing in answer. She rose from her chair, and began to walk agitated^ up and down the room. Hearing the rustle of her dress, Leonard called her to him, and, taking her band, laid his fingers on her pulse, and then lifted them for a moment to her cheek. ' I \vish I had waited until to-morrow morning before I told you my idea about Mrs. Jazeph," he said. " I have agitated you to 110 purpose wliatever, and liave spoilt your chance of a good night's rest." " No, no ! nothing of the kiud. O, Lenny, how this guess of yours adds to the interest, the fearful, breathless interest, we have in tracing that woman, and in finding out the Myrtle Room. Do you think ?" " I have done with thinking, for the night, my dear; and you must have done with it too. We liave said more than enough about Mrs. Jazeph already. Change the subject, and .1 will talk of anything else you please." " It is not so easy to cliange the subject," said Rosamond, pouting, and moving away to walk up and down the room again. " Then let us change the place, and make it easier tliat way. 1 know you think me tho most provokingly obstinate man in the world, but there is reason in tuy obstinacy, and yon will acknowledge as much when you wake tomorrow morning refreshed by a good night's rest. Come, let us give our anxieties a holiday. Take me into 011c of tho other rooms, and let me try if I can guess what it is by touching the furniture." The reference to his blindness which the last woids contained brought Rosamond to his side in a moment, " You always know best," she said, putting her arm round his neck, and kissing him, " I was looking .cross, love a minute ago, but the clouds are all gone now. We will change the scene, and explore some other room, as you propose." She paused, her eyes suddenly sparkled, her colour rose, and she smiled to herself as if some new fancy had tliat instant crossed her mind. " Lenny, I will take you where- you shall touch a very remarkable piece of furniture indeed," she resumed, leading him to tho door while she spoke. "We will see if you can tell mo at once what it is like. You must not be impatient, mind) and you must promise to touch nothing till you feel mo guiding your Irnnd." Sho drew him after her along the passage, opened tho door of the room in which the baby had been put to bod, made a sign to the nurse to be silent, aud, loading Leonard up to the cot, guided his hand down gently, so as to lot the tips of hie fiugors touch the child's chock. "There, sir!" shs cried, hor,. face beaming with happinoss as she saw the Budden flush of surprise and pleasure which changed her husband's naturally quiet, subdued expression iu an instant. " What do you say to that piece of furniture ? Is it a chair, or a table ? Or is it the most precious thing iu all tlrn house, in all Cornwall, in all England, in all the world ? Kiss it, aud see which it is—a bust of a baby by a sculptor, or a living cherub by your wife 3 She turned, laughing, to the nurse: " Hannah, you look so serious that I am sure you must be hungry. Have you bad your supper yet f" The woman smiled, and answered that she had arranged to go down-stairs, as soon as one of the servants could relieve her in taking care of the child. "Go at once," said Rosamond. " I will stop here and look after the baby. Get your supper, and come back again inhalfan-ho»r." When the nurse had left the room, Rosamond placed a chair for Leonard by the side of the cot, and seated herself on a low stool at his knees. Her variable disposition seemed to change again when she did this; her face grew thoughtful, her eyes softened, as they turned, now on her husband, now on the bed iu which the child was sleeping by his side. After a minute or two of silence, she took one of his hands, placed it on his knee, and laid her cheek gently down on it. " Lenny," she said, rather sadly," I wonder whether we are any of us capable of feeling perfect happiness iu this world ?" " What makes you ask that question, my dear ?" " I fancy that I could feel perfect happiness and yet " "Aud yet, what!'-' " And yet it seems as if, with all my blessings, that blessing was never likely to be granted to me. I should be perfectly liappy now, but for one little thing. I suppose you can't guess what the thing is ¥' " I would rather you told me, Rosamond." Ever since our child was bom, love, I have had a little aching at the heart—especially when we were all three together, as we are now—a little sorrow that I can't quite put away from me, on your account," " O11 my account! Lift up your head, Rosamond, and come nearer to me. I feel something on my liaud which telle me that you are crying." She rose directly, and laid her face close to his. " My own love," she said, clasping her anus fast round him. " My own heart's darling, you have never seen our child." "Yes, Rosamond, I see him with your eyes." " Oh, Lenny ! I tell you everything I can —I do my best to lighten the cruel, cruel darkness which shuts you out from that lovely little face lying so close to you! But can I tell you how he looks when he first begins to take notice ? can I tell you all the thousand pretty things he will do, when he first tries to walk ? God has been very merciful to us— but, oh, how much more heavily the sense of your affliction weighs on me, now when I am more to you than your wife, now when I am the mother of your child!" " Aud yet, that affliction ought to weigh lightly 011 your spirits, Rosamond; for yoU have made it weigh lightly on mine." " Have I ? Really aud truly, have I ? It is something noble to live for that! It is some comfort to hear you say, as you said just now, that you see with my eyes. They shall always serve you—oh, always! always!—as faithfully as if they were your own. The veriest trifle of a visible thing that I look at with any interest, you shall as good as look at, too. I might have lnuUmy own little harmless secrets, dear, with another husband ;'but, with you, to liave even so much as a thought in secret, seems like taking the basest, the cruellest advantage of your blindness. I dolove you so, Lenny! I am so much fonder of you now,* than I was when wo were first married—J never thought I should be, but I am. You arc so much handsomer to me, so much cleverer to mo, so much more precious to "me, in every way. But I am always telling you that, am I not? Do you get tired of hearing me? No? Are you sure of that % Very, very, very sure?" She stopped, and looked at him earnestly, with a smile on her lips, and the tears still glistening iu her eyes. Just then the child stirred a little in his cot, aud drew her attention away. She arranged the bed-clothes.over him, watched him, in silence for a little wliilb, then sat down again 011 tho stool at Leonard's jfect. " Baby has turned his fece quite round towards you now," sho Said. " Shall I tell you exactly how ho looks, and what his bed is like, and how the room is furnished?" 1 Without waiting for au auswer, sho began to describe tho child's appearance and position with the marvellous minuteness of a woman's observation, While she proceeded, her elastic spirits recovered themselves, and its' naturally jbright happy expression reappeared on her face. By the time the nurse Returned toiler post, Rosamond wftsialkingwith &U; her accustomed vivacity," and amusing her husband with all hor accustomed success..: - ' ^ . ^ "When theywentback to fchedrapdt^foom, she opened tho piano, and sat dowh fo play. " I must give you your usual eveuiug-concert, Lonuy," she said, "or I shall ho talking again on the forbidden subject of the Myrtle Room." She played some of Mr. FranklamTs fovourito airs, with a certain union of fooling and fancifulness* in her execution of the music, which seemed to blond tho charm of her |*wn disposition with the charm pf the melodies which spraug into lifo under her touch. After playing through the airs sho could remember most easily, she ended with the Last Waltz of Weber. It -was Leonard's favourite, and it was always reserved on tliat account to grace the close of tho evening's performance. Slio lingered longer than usual over the last plaintive notes of the waltz; then suddenly left the piano, and liastened across the room to the fireplace. " Surely it lias turned much colder within the last minute or two," she said, kneeling down on the rug, and holding her face and hands over tho fire. "Has it?" returned Leonard. "I don't feel any change." - " Perhaps I liave caught cold," said Rosamond. " Or perliaps," she added, laugliing rather uneasily, " the wind that goes before the ghostly lady of the north rooms, lias been blowing over me. I certaiuly felt something like a sudden chill, Lenny, while I was playing the last notes of Weber." " Nonsense, Rosamond. You are overfatigued and over-excited. Tgll your maid to make you some hot wine and water, and lose 110 time in getting to bed." Rosamond cowered closer over the fire. " It's lucky I aui not superstitious," she said, " or I might fancy that I was predestined to see the ghost." t f CHAPTER. IV. STANDING ON THE BRINK. The first night at Porthgenna passed without the slightest noise or interruption of any kind. No ghost, or dream of a ghost, disturbed the soundness of Rosamond's slumbers. She woke in her usual spirits and her usual health, and was out in the west garden before breakfast. The sky was cloudy and the wind veered about capriciously to all the points of the compass. In the courstf of herwalk, Rosamond met with the gardener, and asked him what he thought about the weather. The man replied that it might rain again before noon, but that, unless he was very much mistaken, it, was going to turn to heat iu the course of the next four-and-twenty hours. " Pray did you ever hear of a room 011 the north side of our old house, called the Myrtle room?" inquired Rosamond. • She had resolved, on rising tliat morning, not to lose a chance of making the all-important discovery for want of asking questions of everybody in the neighbourhood ; and she began with the gardener accordingly. " I never heard tell of it, ma'am," said the man. " But it's a likely name enough, considering how the myrtles do grow in these parts." "Are there any myrtles growing at the north side of the house ?" asked Rosamond, struck with the idea of tracing the mysterious room by searcliiug for it outside the building instead of inside. ''I mean close to the walls," she added, seeing the man look puzzled, " under the windows, you know V " I never see anything under the windows, iu m5 r time, but weeds aud rubbish," replied the gardener. Just then the breakfast bell rang- Rosa mond returned to the house, determined to explore the north garden, aud, if she found any relic of a bed of myrtles, to mark tho window alcove it, aud to have the room which that window lighted opeuod immediately. She confided this new scheme to her husband. He complimented licr on her ingenuity, but confessed that he had 110 great hope of any discoveries being made out of doors, after what the gardener had said about tho weeds and rubbish. As soon as breakfast was over, Rosamond rang the bell, to order the gardener to be in attendance, and to say that tho keys of tho north rooms would be wanted. The summons was answered by Mr. Frauklaud's servant, who' brought -up with him the morning's supply of letters, which the postman had just delivered. Bosamond turned tliom over eagerly, pounced on one with au exclamation of delight, and said to hor husband.—" The Long Bockley postmark 1 News from the vicar, at last 1" She opened the letter and ran her eye over it—then suddenly dropped it in her lap witli her face all in a glow. Lenny I" oKclaimod, "there is news here that is positively enough to turn one's head. I declare the vicar s letter has quite taken away my breath !" 1 fa • " Road it/', said Mr. Franklaud, "pmyroad it at once.." • - . Rosamond complied with tho request $n a-' Wry Mdering, unsteady voice.' BSotor Ckto- • nerybegan his letter l>y announcing that his ) application io Andrew iWorton had remained unanswered; but ho added that it had, neverthcloBS, produced jxssults which no one could possibly have anticipated. For information , on the subject of those results, ho referred Silr. arid Mrs, Frankland to a copy subjoined of a ' communication marked private, which ho had received from his man of business in London. The communication contained a detailed report of an interview which lind taken place between Mr. Treverton's servant and the messenger who had called for an answer to DoctorChcnueiy's letter. Shrowl.it appeared, , had opened the interview, by delivering his master's message, had then produced the vicar's torn letter and the copy of the Plan, and had * announced hisreadiuess to part with the latter for the consideration of a five-pound note. The messenger had explained that he had no power to treat for the document, and had advised Mr. Treverton's servant to wait on Doctor Chennery's agent. After some hesitation, Shrmvl had decided to do this, on proteuce of going out 011 an errand—had seen tho agent—had been questioned about how ho became possessed of the copy—and, ilnding that there would be no' chance of disposing of it unless ho answered all inquiries, had related tho circumstances under which tho copy had been made. After, hearing his statement the agent had engaged to apply immediately for instructions to Doctor Cbcimery; and had written accordingly, mentioning, in a postscript, that he had seen the Itanscribed Plan, and had ascertained that it really exhibited the positions of doors, stair-cases, and rooms, with the names attached to them." Resuming liis own letter, Doctor Chennery proceeded to say that he must now leave it entirely to Mr. and Mrs. Frankland to decide wliat course they ought to adopt Ho had already compromised himself a little in his own estimation, by assuming a character which really did not belong to him, when he made his application to Andrew Treverton; and he felt he could personally venture no further in the affair, either by expressing an opinion or giving auy advice, now that it had assumed such a totally new aspect. He felt quite sure that his young friends would arrive at the wise and the right decision, after they had maturely considered the matter in all its bearings. In that conviction, he had instructed his mau of business not to stir in the aflair until he had heard from Mr. Frankland, and to be guided entirely by any directions which that gentle- man might give. " Directions!" exclaimed Rosamond, crumpling up tho letter in a high state of excitement as soon as she hdd read to the end of it. "All the directions we have to give may be written in a minute and read in a second f -What in ttie world docs the vicar mean by talking about mature consideration I Of course,". cried Rosamond, looking, womanlike, straight on to the purpose she had in view,#ithout wasting a thought on the means by which it was to be achieved,—"Of course we give the man his five-pound note and get the Plan by return of post!" Mr. Frankland shook his head gravely. " Quite impossible," he said. " If you think for a moment, ray dear, you will surely see that it is out of the question to traffic with a servant for information that has been surreptitiously obtained from hie master's library.'! " O, dear 3 dear! don't say that!" pleaded Rosamond, looking quite agliast at the view her husband took of the matter. " What harm , arewe doing if we give the man his five pounds? \- He has only made a copy of tho Plan: he has not stolen anything." " He has .stolen information, according to my idea of it," said Leonard. " Well,' but if he has," persisted Rosamond, " What harm does it do to his master t In my opinion his master deserves to liave tho information stolen, for not liaving had the common politeness to send it to the vicar. We must have the Plan—O, Lenny, don't shake your head, please!—we must have it, you know we must f What is the use of being scrupulous with au old wretch (I must call hiiu so, though ho is my uucle), who won't conform to the commonest usages of society ! You can't deal with him—and I am sure the vicar would say so, if he was hero—as you would with civilised people, or people in their senses, which everybody says he is not. What nse is the flan of the north rooms to him ? And, besides, if it is of any use, ho has got the original; so his information is not stolen,- ^nffcor aU, because he has got it the whole time \- —has he not, dear?" "Rosamond! Rosamond?" said Leonard, smiling at his wife's transparent sophistries, " you are trying to reason like a Jesuit." " I don't care who-I reason like, love, as long as I got the Plan." Mr. Frankland still shook hisjiead. Findiug her arguments of no avail, Rosamond wisely resorted to the immemorial weapon of her 'sex such dobe quarters fiuafty won ^Srjittsband'fl i»luofeni^ie®afcJfco », species of compromise, which granted her leave to give directions for purchasing the copied Plan, on ono condition. .This condition was, that they should send back tho Plan to Mr. Treverton as soon as it had served their purpose; making a full acknowledgement to him of the mauner in which it had been obtained, and pleading in justification of the proceeding his own want of courtesy in withholding information of no cpnscqueuce in itself, which any one else in his place would have communicated as a matter of course. Rosamond tried hard to obtain the withdrawal, or modification, of tliis condition; but her husband's sensitive pride was not to be touched, on that" point, with impunity, even by her light hand. " I have done too much violence already to my own convictions," he said, " and I will now do no more. If we are to degrade ourselves by dealing with this servant, lot us at least prevent hiiu from claiming us as his accomplices. Write in iny name, Rosamond, to Doctor Chennery's man of business, and say that we are willing to purchase the transcribed Plan, on the condition that I have staled—which, condition ho will of course place before the servant in the plainest possible terms." " And suppose the servant refuses to risk losing his place, which he must do if he accepts your condition f" said Rosamond, going rather reluctantly to tho writing-table. " Let us not worry ourselves, mv dear, by supposing anything. Let us wait and hear wliat happens, ami act accordingly. When you are ready to write, tell me, and I will dictate your letter on this occasion. I wish to make the vicar's man of business understand that we act as wc do, knowing, in the first place, fliat Mr. Andrew Treverton cannot be dealt with according to the established usages of society; and knowing, in the second place, that the information which his servant offers to us, is contained iu au extract from a printed book, and is in no way, directly or indirectly, connected with Mr. Treverton's private affairs. Now that you have made me consent to this compromise, Rosamond, I must justify it as completely as possible to others as well as to myself." Seeing that his resolution was firmly settled Rosamond lvad tact enough to abstain from saying anything more. The letter was written exactly as Leonard dictated it. When it had been placed in the post-bag, and when the other letters of the morning had been read aud auswered, Mr, Frankland reminded his wife of the inteution she had expressed at breakfast-time of visiting the north garden, and requested that she would take him there with her. He candidly acknowledged that since he had been made acquainted with Doctor Chennery's letter, he would give five times the sum demanded by Shrowl for the copy of the Plan, if the Myrtle Room could be discovered, without assistance from any one, before the letter to the vicar's man of business was put into the post. Xothing would give him so much pleasure, he said, as to be able to throw it into the fire, aud to send a plain refusal to treat for the Plan in its place. They went into the nortli garden, and there Rosamond's own eyes convinced her that she had not the slightest chance of discovering any vestige of a myrtle- bed near any one of the windows. From the garden they returned to the house, aud liad the door opened that led into the north hall. They were shown tho place, on the pavement where the keys had been found, and the place at the top of the first flight of stairs where Mrs. Jazcph had been discovered when the alarm was given. At Mr. Fraukland's suggestion, the door of tho room which immediately fronted this spot was opened. It presented a dreary spectacle of dust and dirt and dimuoss. tSomo old pictures were piled against one of the walls, some tattered chairs were heaped together in the middle of the floor, some broken china lay on the mantelpiece, and a rotten cabinet, cracked through from top to bottom, stood in ono corner. These few relics of the furnishing and fittingup of the room were all carefully examined, but nothing of the smallest importance—nothing tending in the most remote degree to clear up tho mystery of the Myrtle Room— wtts discovered. " Shall we have the other doors opened 1" inquired Rosamond when' they came out on the lauding again. " I think it will bo useless," replied her husband. " Our—only hope of finding oht the mystery of tfye Myrtle Room—if it is as deeply hidden from us as X believe it to be'— is by searching for it in-that room, and no other. The search, to be effectual, must ex- v tend, ^ we find it necessary, to the pulling up of the floor and wainscots—perhaps even to tho dismantling of the walls. We may do that with one room when we know where it is, but wo cannot, by any process short of pulling ibhe whole side of the house down, do it with iho sixteen rooms, through which our present ignorarice condemns us to wander without lie v : £ti<i8 looking for We know not what; but let us discover, if we can, whew the four walls are within which that unpromising search must begin and end. Surely the floor of the landing must be dusty ? Are there no footmarks on it, after Mrs. Jazcph'a visit, that might lead us to the right door?" This suggestion led to a search for footsteps on tho dusty floor of the Landing, but nothing of tho sort could bo found. Matting had been kid down over the floor at .some former period, aud the surface, torn, ragged, and rotten with age, was too uneven in every part to allow the dust to lie smoothly on it. Here and there, where there was a hole through to the boards of the landing, Mr. Fiunkland's servant thought he detected marks in tho dust which might have been produced by a toe or the heel of a shoe ; but these faint and doubtful indications lay yards and yards apart from each other, and to draw any conclusion of the slightest importance from them was simply and plainly impossible. After spending more than an hour in examining the north side of the house, I'osamond was obliged to confess that the servants were, right when they predicted, on first opening the floor into the hall, that she would discover nothing. " The letter must go, Lenny," she said, when they returned to the breakfast-room. " There is no help for it," answered her husband. " Send away the post-bag, aud let us say no more about it." The letter was despatched by that day'spout. In tho remote position of Porthgenua, and iu the unfinished state of railroad at that time, two days would elapse before an answer from London could be reasonably hoped for. Feeling that it would be better for Rosamond if this period of suspense was passed out of the house, Mr. Frankland proposed to fill up the time by a #litile excursion along the coast to some places famous for their scenery, which would be likely to interest his wife, and which she might occupy herself pleasantly in describing on the spot for the benefit of her blind husband. Tliis suggestion was immediately acted on. The young couple left Porthgeuna, and only returned on the evening of the second day. On the morning of the third day, the longed-for letter from the vicar's man of business lay on the table when Leonard aud Rosamond entered the breakfast-^oom. .Shrowl had decided to accept Mr. Fraukland's condition—first, because lie held tliat any man must be out of his senses who refused a fivc- pouud note when It was offered to him; secondly, because he believed that his master was too absolutely dependent on him to turn him away for any cause wliatever; thirdly, because if Mr. Treverton did part with him, he was not sufficiently attached to his place to care at all about losing it. Accordingly, the bargain had been struck iu five minutes,— and there was the copy of the Plan, enclosed with the letter jof explanation to attest the fact! Rosamond spread the all-important document out oil the table with trembling hands, looked it over eagerly for a few moments, and laid her finger on the square that represented the position of the Myrtle Room !" " Here it is !" she cried. " O, Lenny, _ how my heart beats!' One, two, three, four—the fourth door on the first-floor landing is the door of the Myrtle Room !". She would have called at once for the keys of the north rooms ; but her husband insisted on her waiting until she had composed herself a little, and until she had taken some breakfast. Iu .spite of all he could say, the meal was hurried ovfcr so rapidly, that iu ten minutes more his wife's arm was in his, and she was loading him to the staircase. The gardener's prognostication about the weather had been verified : it had turned to heat—heavy, misty, vaporous, dull heat. One white quivering fog-cloud spread thinly over all the heaven rolled down seaward on the horizon line, and dulled the sharp edges of the distant moorland view. Tho sunlight shone pale and trembling: the lightest, highest leaves of flowery at open windows were still; the domestic animals lay about sleepily in dark cornel's. Chance household noises sounded heavy and loud in the languid airless stillness which the heat seemed to hold over the earth, Down in the servants' hall, the usual bustle of morning work was suspended. When Rosamond looked in, on her way to the housekeeper's room to get the keys, the women were fanning themselves, and the men were sitting with their'coats oft'. They were all talking peevishly about the heat, and all agreeing that such a day as that, in the month of Juno, they •hail never known and never heard of before. Rosamond took the keys, declined the housekeeper's offer to accompany her, aud leading her husband along the passages, unlocked the,door of tho north hall.' " How unnaturally cool it is here!" she said, as they entered the deserted place. At tho foot of the stairs she stopped, and took a firmer hold of her husband's arm. • ';••"* "Is anything the matter f asked Leonard. " Is tlw change to the damp coolness of this place affecting you in any way 1" "No, no," she answered hastily. "I am far too excited to feel cither heat or damp, as I might feel them at other times. Rut, Lenny, supposing your guess about Mrs. Jazcph is right! " "\ r cs?" " A »d, supposing we discover tho secret of the Myrtle Room, might it not turn out to bo something concerning my father or my mother, which we ought not to know I I thought of tliat when Mrs. Pcntreath offered to accompany us, and it determined mc to come here alouo with you." " It is just as likely that the secret might be something we ought to "know," replied Mr. Frankland, after a moment's thought. " In any case, my idea about Mrs. Joseph is, after all, oidy a guess in the dark. However, Rosamond, if you feel any hesitation " "No! comewh.it may of it, Lenny, wo can't go back now. < Jive mc your lmnd again. Wc have traced the mystery thus far, together; ami together we will find it out." She ascended the staircase, leading him after her, as she spoke. On tho landing, she looked again at the Plan, and satisfied herself that the first impression she had derived from it, of the position of the Myrtle Room, was correct. She counted the doors on to the fourth, and looked out from the bunch the key numbered " 4," aud put it into the lock. lief. ire she turned it she paused, aud looked round at her husband. He. was standing by her side, with his patient face turned expectantly towards the door. She put her right hand on the key, turned it slowly iu the lock, drew him closer to her with her left hand, and paused again. " I don't know what has come to me," she whispered faintly. " 1 feel as if I was afraid to push op; it the door." " Your hand is cold, IJosauioud. Wait a little—lock the door again—put it off till another day." He felt his wife's fingers close tighter and tighter on his hand, while he said those words. Then there was an instant—one memorable, breathless instant, never to lie forgotten afterwards—of utter silence. Then he lieaixl the sharp, cracking sound of the opening door, and felt himself drawn forward suddeidy into a changed atmosphere, and knew that Rosamond and lie were iu the Myrtle Room. ' (2o IH' continued.) 