THE DESTITUTE OILMAN IMMIGRANTS. The following is the larger portion of a report that was telegraphed to tne Argus from Benalla by a special reporter :— The 'extraordinary story' which appeared number cf German families being iu a starving condition on the Major Plains oaused consider able surprise here, as nobody had heard any thing of the affair before; but it was found that, although the letter of Mr. Grube contained many iaoorrect statements, the main facts were true. The German consul having forwarded Mr. Grube's letter to the Chief Commissioner of Police, Captain Standish telegraphed to In spector Brook Smith, at WaDgaratta, to at once proceed to the locality, and, on behalf of tho Government render any assistance required. Upon reaching Benalla, Mr. Smith, with the representative of the Argut, and ; accompanied by an interpreter, started for the locality. Upon reaching Dookie, or the Major Plains, it was found that the Germans were 20 miles further L.n, at what is known as the Hill Plains, on tho Yarrawoiiga Station, belongagto Messrs. Nichol and Telford. After travelling all night, the party reached the Cocked-hat Creak, and found the German encampment. It wa3 for 'unate that an interpreter had been taken, as aot one of the immigrants could Bpeak a word of English, They all came from small villages aear Hainan, Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic tits, and pretented to receive divine inspiration during these attacks. The iguoraut villagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or wbat she termed pro* I hesies, relative to local matters came true. At ?Hat ifae prophesied the Franco-Prussian war, and when that took placa their belief in her was boundless. In IS74, in one of her fits, she announced that the Lord had told her that in » very short time a frightful war would break ?ut, and devastate not only Germany b-t the whole of Europe, and that Australia would ' -o tho only safe piace in the world. She therd ro.-b called upon them to follow her to that ola- c, and promised that aftar remaining there ?'*u rears she would bring thorn back to Jaru =al«n, xshicb. would be their eesund restin# r-lacG, after which they would return a^aio to Germany and find peace and plenty afwr all their wanderings. They believed her story, ani at once commenced preparations for thair loag aud wtary journey. All their little savinga were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, th«y loft riilesia, numbering 64 souls, and made their way to Hamburg, where tbsy took the stoimer to London, to get a ship to carry them to Australia, their land of promise. They took passage in tha steamer Sdinsrsst shire, and arrived in Melbourne in April laat. hlere four seceded, thus reducing the number to t'A Their mor.oy amounted to £210. They made enquiries about taking land, and knowing that there wete two settlors in tha Bsnalla Dis trict who came from their own part of Silosia, .'ecided to settle near then), and accordingly made their way to their present camping ground. The settlers are brothers named Carl Mid Wilhelm Bemdt. Mr. Carl Berndt has behaved very kindly to thesa poor people; but just now they have disagreed, for when he found cbat instead of taking the sound advice he gave, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. As he is the only one in the vicinity who can converse with them, this is no doubt a great Ios3 to them, and they therefore feel all the more wroth. Prior to visiting the Germans' encamp ment a halt was made at tho hut of Gray, a thepherd at Cocked-hat Creek, about a mile from the Germans. This wa3 done with a view uf ascertaining from some neighbours whether there was any knowledge in the district of the alleged starving condition of the new settlers. In answer to questions, Mrs. Gray said that there were three or four families lower down tbe creek. They had been in very poor health for some time, owin? to the want of proper food, but they were getting better. She had given them milk, and eggs, &vd; goats' flaeb, for which they had been very thankful. She thought they were kindly disposed people, as, in return for what she bad given them, two of them went to Lor place one day and chopped and stacked a lot of wood for her, but refused to take any pay ment, although money was offared. 8he had heard stories about a woman who controlled ihem. Mrs. Gray, although strongly pressed, declined to say wbat these stories W9re, conse quently there was a gre&t; desire to t( interview' tbe prophetess, as she is termed. Proceedicg down tbe creek about a mile, the German settlement was reached, and the party were courteously received, and invited to enter. Mr. fiiiors, tbe interpreter, at once entered into conversation with them, while the others made a tour of the huts. Tha people appeared to be delighted to meet with a country maa, and they were soon explaining their condition. The settlement consisted of three bark huts with two outbuildings constructed of the same material. Two of tha huts have only one room, but tbe third was considerably larger and contained tvo room?, one of them used as a general room for tbe whole settlement. This room manured about 20 feet by 25 feet There are three families located at this pkee, and originally they con sisted of eight adults and two children. One of the men has since died, and when the huts were visited there were only three women, ona man. aud two children at home. The absence of tbe others was explained by tbe state ment that they had ?one up to the mill to obtain three bags of flour on credit if pos sible. Tbe man was at work at a carpenter's bench in the genera! room, while the wonwn were sweeping the eartben floors and perform ing other domestic duties. At one end of the general room was tbe fireplace, and tbare wa3 a iarge tin of flour mixed in readiness to make damper. One of tho women was cutting up some small cabba^o and lettue© plants, and tbis they 6tated was to form their meal for the day. The only furniture consistad of a rough table and two or three equally rough stool3. Taero was a carpenter's beuoh in front of the opaniag that served as a window, and on tbu wera a number of well-worn tools. Tha sleeping-rooms, which measured about 20ft. square, were also very clean, the bads being arranged in a row down tha centre. Tha furniture bad evidently been from Germany, ∋ a iireat saving might have been effected if tba greater portion of tbe ? ? d rubbish bad bceti left bt-bind. A number of solid old oak ckesta served as seats, and in each but was a great heavy wardrobe. At. the back of the huts about three-quarters of an acre of lacd had beerf cleared, and tumid into a vegetable garden. . Ifc ,was, . surrouaded by a ceat fence, ana we^ law out- In oae coiner a Email flower-5w-r-«° had also been prepared, and appeared to be ^onnshing. The only man here was about 60 years 01 ajja, le&n; and withered. He stated that although they^were some distance from tho maiu body of immi grants they were all working together. They did not all come from the same village in Silesia, but had all Jived wuhin a radius of three mueg ot Hainau. Tbey bad come to Australia beausa the Almighty commanded them. Tbi3 was said with a great deal of reverence. Tbey had placed all their money In one common fuud, which was used for the benefit of all. When they ariivod in the district tbey stopped five weeks with Carl Barndt, and then took land. They had 890 acres, of which. 700 acrs3 was at Hiil-plains, and 190 acres at Cocked-hat Creek. They selected the land in June but had not yet paid any rect. 'What little money tbey had when they arrived had been spent in pur chasing rations, and when that was finished they sold two horso3 and a dray whick thay had purchased in Melbourne. Tnis money bad also been spent in getting food, and now thay had no more lett. They sold tbe two horsoa for £5 each and the dray for £7. Ho could not say how mucb tbey paid for them, as they did not understand English. Grubb had transaotad all their business. Ha denied that they had baan starring, but at the same tima they had had very little meat or vegetables, their principal food being flour made into damper. They bad cleared and fenced 60 acres, on which they had wheat and barley growing. They fully expac'-ed tbis crop would carry them through tba winter, but if they could obtain some little assistance in food until tha harvest was gathered thoy would feel very thankful. He was asked whether it wouid not be possible lor some of the able-bodied women to go into service, so as to render a little assistance to the common fund. One, however, strongly protested. She said that it would be impossible, as they would all nave to work together in getting the rest of the land fenced, doinc the work tbo sick people were unable to do, and assist shortly in getting in the harvest. ? The old man expressed himself rather bitterly respecting ten of the party who had seceeded, although their passage to Australia had been paid out of the common fund. He explained that they were working for Carl Berndt, and this appeared to him to bo an aggra vation of their conduct. A start was next made for Carl Berndt's place at Hill Plains. Mr. Berndt has a large selection bere, and has also a farm near the limekilns at Major Plains, which is in charge of his brother Wilhelm. On tbe two farms he has ten of these poor Germans, seven of them being children, who were busily engaged in the hayfiold. Hr. Berndt states that as these people came from near his own village he folt an interest in them, and was desirous of rendering them every assist ance in his power, especially as there were none amongst them able to speak English. When they arrived in Melbourne two of their number came to Major Plains to ask him about land. He explained that there was land opau for saleu tion at Hill Plains, near hia own farm, aud fine land in another part of tbe district. They, however, desired to settle near their country* men, and sending all their luggage by train to Benalla, the whole party took tho road, camping each night. When tbey arrived at Hill Plains they at once proceeded to Mr. Berndt's place, and as they had very little money he paid £59 10s., the railway freight of their luggage. They remained with him seven weeks, during whioh he fed them while they were look* ing for land and getting it surveyed. Some of them certainly did a little work iu fencing, but in consideratioL of that he fad the whole party. They consumed 25 bags of flour aud between 30 and 40 sheep. A woman controlled them, aud whatever she told them to do they did. Sbe bad prophesied that when tbey arrived in Australia they would find houses ready built for them and tbe land under oultivatiou, so that they would be able to live easily. When they reached here they were somewhat surprised at not fiaiing things as she had lod them to believe; still did not look upon her as a false pro phetess, as sbe explained that some of their number were sceptical, ani this was a trial of then- faith. The nrst cause of disagreement between Berndt and the immigrants waa in con sequence of tbis woman. He enquired what money they bad, but while they refused to tell him tbe exact aniouut, they let him knew tbat it was not very much. Consequently ho advisad them not to take up too much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered them each to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed, and Berndt expressed his determination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in following the :-dviee of tbis woman on such subjeots. Since then they have only spoken occa sionally. He stated that when they lauded thoy had plenty of provisions which tbey bad brought from home, aad also saved from tbeir allowance on the voyage. When they took possession of the land thay had selected tbey commenced to dear the most lightly timbered land, but used only to work fjr a few heurs daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to tbe little children. When their provisions were exhausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have those articles cheaper then he sold them in the rxarket. He bad never received back the money he bad expended in paying tbe railway freight, and when he asked them to giva him au acknowledgment that they owed him that amount they refused. They were all iu excellent health when tbey landed, but now several of them were in very poor health, and nine had died, owing, he believed, to the want of sufficient nourishing food. They were only two miles distant from him, but as they persistently refused to take the advice which he ga?d for tbeir good, he now kept clear of them. He had told them, however, to send over every morning, when he would give them some milk for the children. They had not even done tbat lately. Berndt further Btated that the camp was some what divided, as two families worked very hard, while the others did very little more than pre tend to work. There were some carpenters among tbeir number, and as be required some furniture made he had offered them the job long since. Tbey did not, however, seem inclined to work, and all he had got waa a table, for whioh Le paid. Tbey said they had no time to do tbe work, and he therefore bought what he wanted at Benalla. Tbey had sold two horses and a dray, but got tbe full value. Although some of their number had died, the woman Maria would not allow the dootor to be called in when they were sick, but merely prayed over them. He had heard she did t'-e same on board and would not have them attended by the ship doctor. As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from tha prophetess was then on Berudt's farm, a request waa made tbat be might be seen, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop near tbe house, a fair, stout, active, young fellow was found at the forge repairing tools. The object of the vise was explained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the information in his power. He stated tbat during the Franco Prussian war he was in the 42nd Regiment, and served at Jletz and Amiens. After tbe evacua tion of France by tbe German Army ke returned home, and found that tho woman Heller had attained great power over tho villagers in tba neighbourhood of Hainau. 8he was about 30 years of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family bad discarded her in consequence of her conduct. Ho had never heard of her doing anything to earn ber livelihood, but ehe waa supported by tbe whole of tbe community. When they arrived here she said tbat she had received a message in her sleep tbat Messingbrod, one of th9ir number, was to marry her. In consequence of tbat they lived together as man and wife. Since tbey had been on tbe Hill Plains tbat mau bad died, and sbe bad tben chosen another man named Schultz. He wia now living with her. She had controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever sbe told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsanse, and witb his wife had left the community, and was now working for Mr. Berndt. His parents and sisters still lived at tho settlement, and ha had done all in his power to get them away, bit without avail, as they fully believed iu this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he beliaved Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and rery little foxL Ho thought it would be a good thing for v6?^! 'JJ^ fZ sible for the police to tak* V^ ££*?!? *2 was certainly tbe causa of starrfas t&?m «fi '£ she would not allow them to go tott. fc . °in°! they bad been there oigbt of their nruw DBr °™* died. Notice of tho death of the first tbt^* 7?' given to the police at Major Plains ; btffc * ? others were buried at tbd settlement witbi«v any notice being given or cny doctor attendbgf them, Maria said some prayers at tbo graves. The party, under the guidance of Mr. Bemdtr' next proceeded to the sottlemsnt, about two miles distant. Tho huts were seven in number, and constructed of bark, similar to those seec-at the other Eettlement but much smuller. Most cf them only contained one room, about 15 feofc by 10 feet But iu two instances, wbora thertf were grown-up daughters, the huts wero- rather larger, and were divided into two by means of a curtain. Here, as at tha other place, they appeared to have plenty of bedding. There'WM do appearance of starvation, and tba children appeared to be in rudo hoalth. Although bearing that worn and aged appearauc*' that eo often distinguishes the Germa* peasant, tbey appeared to be in tolerably good health. They were courteous. Tho hut* were ranged in a row, and at tba rear about an acre and a half of ground bad been turned into a vegetable garden, aud gttve promise of a cood crop in a tbort time. In front of the buts,~but about 60 yards distant, was & Email lagoon or swamp, from which they obtained their water supply. la ouo portion of # the settlement thtre was a very bad stanch* owing to the want of prop&r; necessary accom modation. Upon enteriug the first hut a woman, who said sbe waa 36 but looked 60, was found suffering from tha effeota of a soyere attack of rhoumatism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In another place there was au old man of 60 confined to bis bad from scurvy and general debility, and in a third hut waa a lad of 13 in a very bad state from scurvy. He was in a most emaciated condition, with very much swollen feet, which presented tbat doughy appearance whioh Is one of the signs of scurvy. Hie gums were also very soft, spungy, and bleeding, plainly showing that he was suffering severely from the disease. The community had so far made up tbeii mind to his early decease that they had prepared his coffin, and this was shown with some little pride in one of tbo out bouses. Tbe lad was not ia a very cleanly oou dition, and it was suggested that a warm bath would help his recovery, jt was, however, alleged by the elderly woman who wa3 tending him that he could not bear the touob of water, and that they had in consequence desisted from their attempts. The gift of a few lollies and half-a-crown to buy more appeared to brightea the boy up wonderfully, aud from the manner in which he looked at the coin it is doubtful whether he ever had so much money before. Inspector Smith had official duties to per form that necessitated an interview with Marit Heller, and an enquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at onco shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence tbeir mid day meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. A glance at the table showed that all they had. was some bread or damper, swimming about in & plate of greasy water, dignified by the name of soup. While the prophetess and her com panions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the older children, who answered all their enquiries readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had managed to pick up a little English, and was very proud of her acquirements, but her com panions appeared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to whioh she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. par week, and bey evidently looked upon that Gum as a very large one, while the girl herself appeared to b» as happy aa possible at her brilliant jprospacts. Three other girls expressed a desira to gat situations, but would prefer farmwork to house hold work, aud Inspector Smith promised to get thorn situations if possible. By this time Maria Hcllor had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She waa sitting at tbe table trying to saw, but bar hands were shaking so much, apparently with foar at tbe Eight of tbe police uniform, tbat sbe could not stitcb. Alongside ber was Schultz, who, according to Schmidt's statement, is her chosen companion at prewout. lie also was sewing. He was a little, thin, miser able, prematurely-aged locking young man, with a livid white complexiuu, aud ovidontly fir gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impossible to see her face. Tbe conversation had scarcely com menced—in fact the interpreter bad not asked her name— before she pretended to get very excited, commenced screaming, aud was evidently trying to work hersalf into an hysterical fit. The other women, all of whom are older, at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. As it was so palpablo that the woman was shamming, a sug gestion was made by Inspector Smith that tho only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut eff the pationt's heir and throw a few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon hor, and she soon re covered. She, however, requested a few minutoa' delay before speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. While this had been going on, the men who had been away returned, aud they W6ra inter rogated aa to their condition. Thoy admitted tbat there was no money amongst them, and that there was nothing bub a little flour left in tbe camp, but they were in hopes of getting more from the mill on credit until they gathered their harvest. They bad very little meat, their principal food being damper. Thoy would be very glad of a little assistance in food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exercised by Maria Heller, they refused to give any iuformation, until at last one voluble little man stated that he was her stepfather. He was at once pounced upon, led far away from bis companions, and submitted to a series of ques tions. Ho said— 'My name is Carl Scholtze. I am 58 years of age. I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead. I bave known her about five years. I knew her at Jhor danton, near Hainau, in Silesia. She kasnofc always had these fits. She u not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she haa conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as tbat there is a God in heaven* I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with bar in the same manner a* is mentioned in tbe Bible. The Spirit of God speaks through ber mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law haa been broken by burying the bodies of tha dead without giving notice to tho authorities— but what were we to do? We cannot speak English. The notices of tha first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt. Wo also Bent him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because ire had no money. No doctor wou'd come all this distance without payment. We have not muoh food. I think if some of those who are dead had liad good food they would not have died bo soon. I do not know how often Maria has tbese trances. She had one last night. I do not know whatber bbo received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do bo by the Almighty.' While this convereation was going on Maria had recovered from her fit, and was watohing tbe old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain revelations that would not suit ber. Unable to stand it any longer, Bho walked across to the tres where the conver sation was going on, and then was afforded tha firet opportunity that had been obtained of sooing wbat tbe woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and death. She is about five feet In height, aud looks about 40 years of ago, although only owning to 33. She is far from prepossessing. In fact, she is the meat ill-favoured of tbo whole) community. Sbe has a low retreating fore bead, shaded by heavy masses of coarsa black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrow*, and generally a suspicious unoasy appearance. Her nose is broad and fiat, ber lips trick and sensual. 8he has a massive lower jaw. With out waiting to have any question put to her she commenced a rapid statement &s; follows:—' I have had these trances sines childhood, I don't know what happens to me when I am in them. I beUeTettne Lord speaks to m* then. X, only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet Kfe, and (excitedJj) I deny that I was ever married, or had Anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them from gobs: to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Alniighty often speaks to me.' This closed tae coiivsrsation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworth Asylum. A desire hating been expressed to see the place where the bodies were buried, the party were taken to the ground which had been Bet apart* as a cemetery, and there found eight graves very roughly made and finished. It was stated that the bodies were only buried 5 feet deep, bus as the law requires 9 feet to be the mfrm-nm depth, and the soil there is very light and porous, it is probable that the police will have to take some action in the matter. Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the statements into consideration, eune to the conclusion that it was his duty to order a certain quantity of provisions to be sup pled, and gave an order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, &a;, to carry them over the t arrest, fcr which they appeared very thank ful. In fact, it wss quite a pleasure to watch the faces cf the children as they listened to the list which was read by the interpreter. It waa evident that a good substantial meal bad been a stronger to them for a long time. As it had been stated that the waters which thes) people drank contained mineral matters, which had partly caused their illness, a bottle cf it was taken for analysis. The letter which appeared in the Argus was translated to them, and at several portions they expressed great indig nation. They emphatically denied that any of tieir children had ever ran to the writer crying with starvation, or that he had given them £2 when he visited them. All the assistance they had received was £9 from the Adelaide German Association, and not £15. They also stated that they bad written to the German Consulate three months ago, making known their condition, but had never received any answer. The party started on the return journey, and as scon as Benalla was reached the goods ordered by Inspector Smith were dispatched, and Er. Nicholson having been communicated with on behalf of the Government left early for the settlement to render what medical assistance waa required. __m_____^^___m 