INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF BALLARAT Tke Interesting and solemn ceremony of e+M!Knf. the Right- Beraen<l Dr Thornton, DJD., as An- glicu Bishop of Ballarat took place at Christ Church yesterday morning. The sacred edifice was crowded with members of the various Episcopalian churches in the district, more than 700 persons being nrasanL The eallerv was occupied entirely bv Udiea. and seats had to be placed down tbe passages in the aisle, and in every available corner, to accommodate aQ who dedred io be present. Shortly after eleven odock the assembled clergy, robed in white mrpBoes, with tbe registrar, choir, and verger, met the BisLop -at the principal entrance to the church, and conducted liim to .thCj chancel : in. the following .order:—1 The verger, the choir, deacons in sniplices, priests in surplices, officiating priests in surplices, the Archdeacon, the Vicar-general, the Bishop, the Bishop's «hnpljT» (E&v.; H. R Cooper) and the Rev. Canon Goodman (chaplain pro tan."), and the Hon. T. T. A'BeckeJt (registrar pro tern.). In this order the procession advanced to the comm anion rails, and the Archdeacon directed the Bi3liop to Ids chair on the north side of the communion table, the Vicar- general going io the reading desk and the choir to tbeir seats, the clergy filling the seats behind tbe cbo;r. The fol lowing are the names of the clergymen who took part in tbe procession: — Dean Macartney, Archdeacon Stretch, OanenGoodman, Canon Homan, Canon Chase. Rev. Dr Beamish, and the Revs. C. J. AJ»anbyt H. W. H Adeney, L- A. Baker, W. K. BrodribbrG. F. Cross, B. T. Cummins, J. Glover, J. E. Herring, J. BL Mac- farlane, R. J. Mercer, J. Ocyous, J. Potter, B. Rodda, C. H. L. Rnpp,G. J. Russell, F. Smith. J. Wagg, S. XV'olker, G. M. Watson, and E. K. Yeatman. The Archdeacon and offiaating clergy toek their seats within the cosmnmion ra3s. Dxiring this j_>ortioii of tbe proceedings the organist (Mr Herbert) played s. roluntary. Morning prayer was tben read by the Very Rev. the Vicar- General, who selected psalms 46 and 47 as appropriate to the occasion. I be first lesson ffeaiflh lirA wss read hv the Rev. Canon Human. Im- mediately after the first lesson, the Bishop delivered to the Archdeacon his letters commend&toxy; from the ! Archbishop of Canterbury. ... Tbe Hon.T. T. A'Beckbtt, registrar of tbe diocese of Melbourne, and acting registrar of the Siocew of Ballarat, then read the notarial act on tbe consecra tion of the Bishop by the Archishop of Canterbury I in the' Collegiate Church of St. Peter In the City of Westminster, by virtue' of the Royal warrant of Queen Victoria, vgiven .at Osborne House. Isle of Wight, on the 16tli day of AprB',1875. Tbe registrar tben read the Lord Bishop of Mhlbourne'e order, ad dressed to Archdeacon Stretch, to instal effectually end in fuH'episcopal right the' said Samuel Thornton, with all the rights, dignities, .&c;«, of the chnrclL Dated 10th day of August, 1875, 'Melbourne; and signed by the ear-Generai, Doaa Macartney. 0r Thobktox then made the following delaration: — " I, Thornton, doctor' of divinity, Bishop of RaIIm watj eoleiniily.and smcerely declare my ac ceptance of the Constitution of the United Chnzrii-of England and Ireland, in the.colony of Victoria, as it is 6et forth in the Act 18th Vic., "o. 45, commonly known as the Church Constitutian Act-and the act to the tame, passed in the thirty-euili year of the reiga of . herpaxiBcnt Majesty, and nnmbered 454; and that I Trill, to the best of my ability, give effect thereto, and to the acts passed in pursnanoe thereof, nnt3 the same, or any of them, snail respectively be lawfnlly altered or varied "S. BALLAJ tAT." The Archdeacon" read his charge to the Bishop as follows : — " I, Theodore Carlos Ba.noni Stretch, rf _ Arehdeacon of the Archdeaconry of BaBarat and Hamilton, do, on this the eleventh day t-£ August, in tbe year of our Lord 1875, instal effectually and in fall episcopal right, you, the Bight Reverend Father in Gofi, Samuel Thornton, doctor of divinity, in your own proper person Bishop of Ballarat, elected, con- firmed, and consecrated, into the real, actual, and cor poral possession of the said bishopric, with all its rights, dignities, honors, privileges, audappurten&noee; whatsoever." The Bishop was then conducted to his chlir or throne, and the choir sang Hare's Te Dewn and JubUaU. The second lesson, 2 Tim. it, was read by Dr Beamisb, and morning service was tben proceeded with. The anthem (Kent's) wae from 1 Chronicles. Trir., 10-13, as follows ; — Blessed be thou, Lord God of Isram, our father, for ever and ever. Thine, 0 Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty; for ail that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine ; thine is the kmg- : dom, O Lord, and thou art exalted as liead above ML Both riches and honor come of thee, and thon reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might, and in thine hand it i5 to make great, and to give strength nntoalL Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name." Hymn 184 — "Blessed are those servants whom the Lord, when he cometh, shall find watching" " Ye servants of the Ird" — having been sung by tbe congregation, the Bishop read tbe ante-cranmunicn service. The epistle was read by tbe Rev. John Potter, and after the Kicene creed, Hymn 320 — " He is the head of the body, the church " The Church's one foundation is Jesus Christ her Lord — was sung, during which the Bishop proceeded to the pulpit, where be offered a short prayer, and then preached the sermon, as follows : — The Bishop took his text from Zechariah iv., 14. " The two anointed ones or sons of oil that stand by the Lord of the whole earth." He said, we fetch our for this morning's solemn service from the Book of the Prophet Zechariah, one of the most remarkable and suggestive, as it is certainly one of the most obscure portions of the inspired Scriptures. This prophet was charged by God with a message to his people of sym pathy, encouragement, and revival at a period of their history when, amid poverty and hostility, they were seeking to plant anew, and to develops, the Temple sad kingdom of Jehovah, under the leadership of those two remarkable men, Zerub&hel; the prince, representa tive of the lay, or civ3 element, in the nation ; and Joshua, the high priest, its religious, or spiritual In unfolding his errand, the prophet records seven sublime visions, difficult of interpretation separately and in detail, but bearing unmistak cable reference, when compared, to certain great central facts, or truths, and throwing most instructive light upon each other. Rich and deep are these store-houses of divine wisdom, and like some fertile field, they yield more than one harvest of interpretation : as in some teeming mina whence more precious ores than one can be taken, one layer of spiritual tignificauce in these visions un derlies another. We have here the rehearsal of Gospel blessings. We are taught how the better temple and kingdom should be sot op : salvation and its meins, the work of the Lord Je»us, the coming "of the Holy Ghost, the destinies and triumph of the church of Christ are unfolded here for those whose eyes are anointed to discern these things, and who have <-xrs to what the 5pirit soitb unto the churches. O, for help from , above! As we read, may it be. as with tbe pro- ; phet, so with ns, "as though an augel talked with us," and u waked us, as men that are wakened out of sleep for sense collapses, and nature is drowsy, in presence of the revelations of God, and tite eye must be divinely opened, and the spirit umt wake, before, is the high mood of spiritual consciousness, we can look upon and ponder the virion of the deep things of Go4 Perhaps the best known of these virionsare those contained in the thud and fourth chapters, .which are intimately connected with each other, almost as parts of the same vision, and ore closed with the words of our text. In the third chapter we have Joshua, tbe high priest, standing as though he would exercise his office before God in tin? nsme of tbe cove nant people : but lo 1 Satan stands there to resist him. How should he .minister la that presence, with the conscience of tm perfection and sin? How should be keep his charge In filthy garments, with an accQeing Satan thrust between? And how shall the Church or her ministers ever find acceptance and re cognition in presence of that consuming Holiness, before which heaven and earth shall fieo away? The vision gives the answer. Joobua has au adversary, but he has an Advocate. u The ange of the Lord stands by." The brand meet for the burning is plucked thence; Satan is rebuked; the filthy gar ments are takes away; his iniquity passes from Mm. 1 he sinful is sinless in God's sight, for a R.-d earner has interposed. Clothed with white raiment, be is told that, in spite of all her nnworthioess, God has chosen Jerusalem. Then comes the call to service — " Walk in My ways, koep My charge, judge My house, and I will give thee a place to walk among -these that stand by." My people, t'u=te is an application which might have Uen mnde of this vision this morning by other lips than mine, which T forbear to do more than indicate. I cannot trust myself to dwell lqxm tbe personal reference it might obviously be made to boar to one who, sum moned in the mysterious but (as he ventures firmly to believe) the unmistakable providence of God from the dear far-off Fatherland to the chief pastorate of the Church of England communion in this new diocese, solemnly assumes this day, before high God and in His holy church, and with your loving and loyal con currence, Ms place and function in tho midst of you is your brother and your servant in Christ Jesus. He has been called and charged and scut hither by lawful authority in tbe church of Christ, not to have dominion over your faith, but to seek to lw a '.helper of jour joy ; not to sustain the dignities of a lofty office, but rather to be amongst you as one that faithfully serves, in ad ministering and ordering the discipline and work of the church in this important diocese, as shall most conduce to the spread of truth, tbe saving of souls, the glory of -God the hastening of the Redeemer's kingdom. 44 God be merciful to me, a sinner, M and gnat even to ana to wear, and keep unstained, the blood-washed raiment, white and clean, to "walk in His ways, sad keep His charge, and judge His house," in that spurt of power aud love, and of a sound mind, which cometh of Ham-alone; aye, and of his great love grant even to me, and to earii ooe of you also, my brothers and sisters in the Lord, a good, well-grounded hope of some humble place by and bye, up yonder m His nearer presence, 44 among (hose that stand by. The second part of the twofold virion we are ponder ing seta before us, not tbe minister, bnt the church; not the representative individual, but the -coiporate body at large. The prophet beholds a candlestick, all of gold; it hasa single stem; there is abowluponthe top of it; It has seven lamps, and seven pipes branching to them: and two aHrwireM Aw alive branches'! standee- 6ideit,pcmringintoit,throaglitwootlierpipes,cMnel® -supplies of all to feed their flams. This splendid «>- >sC-thfa goilen candlestick— fa cot met with here ror the first time in tho Bible, nor for the last. It -formed perhaps the most striking leaf ure of the Temple furniture ; its construction was minutely de- . scribed fa Exodus, and It etauds carved npon the arch of Titas'at Rome, as conspicuous among the tropties captured at Jerusalem. And it rc-appesrs m t Apocalypse of BL John; although here (and |his per haps may be significant as to the special deficiencies of theohurch fa tbe fatter days) the unity of the stem seems to psss oat of sight, and we read of the reren golden candlesticks. Among these tho Master Jann self was walking; anil -we cannot miss the true mean ing of the symbol, for He Himself interpreted » tbemosaensbegaxsd. " Tho randlestiis are toe- \- churches " the candlestick is the visible church— God's witness in a sinful wmldiflnmirrati og its <WVt.pfs letting- His light shine. boOing forth the wnr oftite It has a single stem, whether men can discern its" unity or no; forit ib one in its calling, in its faith in its sympathies.in itsaspirations. Hires one bowl' or reservoir of the heavenly oil, for is it not toetone word of God from which alone it draws its consolations, and its warnings, and its knowledge iff Hrs cbanSlefe will? But its lamps are seven— the number ofcom-1 nleteness; for its diffusion is meant to be catholic or universal athwart the wide, wide world; and lis pipes that supply them are seven, for toe sacraments and ordinances of Christ's chnrch, aud toe operations of His spirit in her, are rofficfeht, if bnly meSavaifed themselves oftoem arqtot, for all toe needs iff human- souls. Andall is of pure fine gold. Sachamaierialisuh- worirable, Ihsve been told, in hnmsn art. Whether toat be true I know not; but Lknowthat in God's sanctuary no other was admitted Ho, there was no alloy in the candlestick! H was to be the type and standard of all that was true, sincere, and precious. If there is ouc tiling toe Lord stipulates for in ids -church more than another, it is reality. For ever away with all shams fa His house and work 1 O, for reality in reli gion and in the churches: -To no other kmd of ohUrch do the premises apply." Let toe world have its comely pretences, its conventional, figments, ite wh&edWifi-; c'lres— be the' church's Standard far above -and beyond all these"; np, high up, should she move, and breathe in a pure clear atmosphere, where the adulterations aud deceptions of this forum' and this -market are fori ever unknown ! The oandlesfick was above all, unal loyed in its material.- It was of fine gold; the "pure candlestick," as it is called repeatedly in toe bookfTaiff Moses. Learn, my hearers, from this beauteous vision that God himself fakes profound interest iu the visible' church, of which He has drawn for us here the por trait and the pattern. There are those who will make light of the condition of tlie church in its outward organisation. 1 do not find too expression " visible " or " invisible"cburch in the Bible, hut that chutch mnst unquestionably be a visible organisation, to which we are to tell an obstinate brother's fault; the chuffih that is to bare elders ordained for it ; the- church whose unity is to convince the world; the church iiiat could be gathered together, could have an epistle ad dressed to it, could have its candlestick removed out of its place. And the condition of such visible orga nisation of professed believers must he matter of solemn importance, it must be right to pray for it, to watch its state, to sympatlise with its purifi cation and its advance. Our God is thus interested iu it. Who will not be also? It must be mistaken spirituality that ignores toe golden candlestick. I care not to be wiser than my Bible, or more spiritual than the Gospel itself. If toe church be nothing, what was this symbol toat John and Zechariah saw ? And vet. what, of itself, is a candlestick? Nothing what ever. without the burning oil- Without that it has no meaning, no purpose; it is emptiness and follv, how ever comely, and a dark and useless thing— a vehicle without its charge; an instrumentality -without power or object. And this Mings me, in conclusion, to the words of the text itself, with which yen might have thought we w ere failing to deal, bat to toe true exposition of which wo have been seeking gradually to conduct yon. " What are these olive trees, my Lord ?" asked Zechariah of the angeL And when the angel gave him. as Jesns often gave His disciples, an answer that only stimulated instead of satisfying his holy curiesity, the prophet presses his question again. And when, again, it is unanswered, he puts it a third time with importunity. Then answered He, and' said to him— "What are those two dive branches which, through toe two golden pipes, empty toe golden on out of themselves ?" An answer se long and earnestly waited for must be important when it comes (read verses 13,14). What does this mean? It means that the church's work is sustained and guaranteed by the Trinity, the Triune Lord Himself, by each blesred: person in the Godhead, iu too individuality of His gracious attributes ; and by all toe fullness of power' an-1 prerogative thai dwells in the one holy un divided Jehovah. By " The Lord of toe whole' earth " eeems'meant toe Almighty Fatier. All things are done in His presence; Bis will prefoils on earth, as in the heavens. The golden oil can mean nothing but the grace oi toe Boly Spirit, shed on His church, abundantly, by Christ Jesus ; the sacred oil, fragrant, c.nsecrating, enlightening, which it was high treason to supersede by strange compositions in toe Temple Service, which it was blasphemyand death to counter feit. Without this on, there is no light in a church; toe pipes are useless ; the means and ordinances of re ligion are empty show. It is only when they are channels of toe Spirit's influence, that value is found. It is He that sustains the devotion, the sound ness, the unity, the liberality of toe faithful and pray ing church; it is toe ignoring, grieving, the quenching of His grace tost accounts for the debility, the barren ness, the death ef churches ! The true prosperity of our branch of Christ's chnrch iu this diocese will turn, my brethren, not on the amount of money supplies, of buildings raised, offmembere registered; but upon the extent to which God, toe Holy Ghost, is believed iu, honored, trusted, submitted to, and, above all, sought ix prayer by you and me, my people, and by others in our behalf. But what are toe two anointed ones, thetwosous of oil ? Are they Zerub'oabel and Joshua ? They were anointed, assuredly— the one as of kingly descent and rank, the other to ihe high priesthood; and woe they not toe twin supporters of the visible Church of Israel, in her time of trial ? Aye, but we cannot so exhaust the meaning of the vision. Not from Zerubbsbel and Josbna does the oil flow for God's church continually; did they forth the Spirit as from a fountain head? Let us look for a deeper Spiritual meaning, npon the shoulder of this primary and t-»edintft solution > jr. the twofold figure Is there not one who unites ( "tooth their offices, as king and priest for ever to His holy chnrch? Fes, the two sons of oil mean one Christ. The two branches mean one whose >«"» is (he branch. The two olive trees -stand for ihe one good olive tree, toe holy root of whose fatness we partake, for in Him aH fulness dwells. We need not be startled at the donble typo of a single Jesus. Think of the two gnats of toe atonement day— the scapegoat and tort slain as a sin-offering ; both meant Chnsti He is the shepherd and the door, toe priest and the victim. We see Him more clearly and edidlyas we gaze at Him through the twofold image, much as the binocn- lar SfatfMAMBe br nwrant nf Hia Hnnhlra raotnra «..(«. a portrait or landscape balknpon toe view. And is not ibis twofold character appropriate to the Blessed One ? As seven is toe number associated with toe Spirit and Hiswork, so the number two fitly reminds of Him who. though not two but one Christ, is yet both God and man, both king and priest— like Melchuedak: able to save to thsnttermost. yet compassed with infirmities, at ocoe the loftiest and lowliest bang in the universe. Out of Him, toe living Christ— as out of the two olive trees —flows directly, without manipulation or manufacture, all grace, all fulneas, all life. My God shall supply all need, according to the riches of the glory of Christ Jesus. All we have to do is to keep the pipes dear of obstacles that bring the oil from the olive trees. We cannot sldne if we receive not toe ceaseless supply. Study, meditation, communion— it is thus the oilfiows in; the restraint of these will hinder or qnenchits How. But the supply is inexhaustible. Be sure j-ou consume— not hoard— graoegiven; see that yon born — not store the holy oil! If 1 turn out a gasalier, toe gas ceases to flow in — the more I use toe more will come. So with grace; the more we display the more we shall receive. O, for boldness, for a holy andaixty 4 fnt'u in drawing upon our God! We smite thrice, and stay. Our oil ceases like the widow's— not be- ause there is no more oH, but becaase we have not enough vessels. G, any brethren and asters, 1 pant for the revival and rekindling of thefiame of onr church's testimony here in Ballarat; toat the dark and chilly corners of our colony may be illumined by toe holy light- For this, let ns plead with God in private, in the family, in the house of -prayer. For enr Zien's sake, let as not hold our pesos, for our brethren's sake, let us not rest,"until tlie righteous ness go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burnetii. 1 entreat you, I charge you as one of your ministers, as your Bishop, to make tlie stale of the church in this our diocese, matter, in the case oi every one of you, at anxious interest— of real aud honest -exeition-— ff daily and habitual interoes- rion. _ Wonderful as has beeu toe advance, under the fostering care of my revered elder brother, of church work in this place npon days gone by, things must be made other than they are at present And why not ? '< Tbe_ difficulties are great indeed; but is not tlie Trinity on our ode, sustaining the church's work, guaranteeing its success, assuring it of supply and. blessing? " Not by might nor by power," indeed, \- hut by my squat, raito the Lord." Then the Temple shall be built— toe mountains shall be removed Who hath despised the day of small things? The eyes of toe Lord, whatever men say. rejoice to beheld the plummet in the hand of Zercbbtoel, and promise runs — " The hands that hare laid the foundation shall alsqjhnsh." Blessed thought, the triune God is for us. The Father looks on with sympathy; toe risen Son is ihe fountain head of Mess- nig to the congregations at His people, even wbe-e two or three only are gathered In His name on a lenely station in the hush; the Holy Spirit will never be do med to them that aide for Him. Such are lite pur poses, suchihe disposition of God towards the people an this pLa- it is for us to prove Him. and to find it true " according to our faith so eliall it be unto ns." Uh, te toat gracious triune God let all our hearts go forth in loving adoration on this sacred day. Let us drasr near, in fell assurance of faith, to His holy (able, and feed with faith in the power of His pu« on the bounties of redeeming grace. Let ns ro glad, and rejoice before Him; yea, let us exoeed- tugly rejoice, with tort deep calm joy with which men are glad who rejoice before toe Lord-. For'Heifiin. "urni-da this morning; "the angel of the Lord stands uy— not only up there, in that angnst Imperial presence, where " toe Lord of the whole earth" site In , glory unapproachable. Hestandshy,also,here below, , sympathise, to sanction, and to Mesa. While Joshua is robed 4or His uerriee, in Bos courts upon janh, and in the midst of toe congregation, as the true of OBr mugs praises onto Godj I "i>0 will no; bow at His footstool, and wrrslnp "elore Bis face, and shout His praise. Faint and weble are they at the best, we tan; tat "though we : tbem not with toe ear of sense, angela and arch- wg<Ss, and ah the compaSVof heaven, art joining, in,' responsive to the church's stem on eartb. "And we, and people, if we be of His faithful ones add our alleluias to the tumultuous song of praise all heaven is offering to toe Lamb npon Bis throne, SjSthc vaicemf a great multitude, and as toevoiceof "i'tere, and as the troice of mighty tbuuderings. ra sermon the «ffertoiy .im made, which fodto£S314s6d, t« be devoted to toe church new dioceee. A large number of persons ST i tbe starch, tat about 100, hecindmg all wilt .1!®3'' wnafoed, while toe" Bishop proceeded airfL , , admlnfatratiao of toe holy eammnnhm. thf the Vicar-genera!, toe ArebdeaCta, and Bit!., . John Potter. The service ervied, the lav oforgy left the channel, and, with toe from toe church in the order in eaie«!d, the whole of tlieeolemn ceremoniee « bang concluded till half-past twoo'dodo tee aherooon maayV the ridgy viffited torn 4 , jWMiM H ni tartly, jtcfaioedge your , lordship's com- upm Cation of ItJth April, In Trbich, wLile omnlleine rour continued in&reei; Incur welfttj&yfrttlrid; us, as tOfir 'Bisfaop,-ersfiectionatc ferewlL conviiiced- tpatinthe dmkUJn cfiihe piooese-Of Melbourne, a good and neclssafy "Wcirk lias beeu accomplished, we cpittLol >-b5t.rdgrei41i& 'sevaiing at ties vhj£hJmvB so. lnc wisM between ns and your lordship. Some of us have, rUS you jntimatn in your letter, labored for more than twenty years under your direction ; many of ns. have , been admitted to the sacred ministry by tire laying on of your bands: all bare experienced your thoughtful and prayerfin supervision. It be- comes. u8>on this occasion to acknowledge with thankfulness to God the many good gifts of which you ljawe been the minister to us. We eccept, with m.- xjeadymihd, the 'Godly monitions' contained In your ImrisfcipV letter; and we trust that, acting in the spirit oi jour preoepts, wo may continue to be, under <wr appointed bead, < a united band of Christ's soldiers and servants. And now, in bidding you farewH, vre wonld assure you of our sincere desire andpraydr that th& "remainder of a life wfaioh has proved do. Valuable to the church, and to ihe cause of Godliness, may be blessed with the ever present peace of God. With every respectful and affectionate regard for yourself, and for her who has been so well known and esteemed amongst us as your fellow helper, we beg to subscribe ourselves your faithful brethren in Christ T-Bigned by the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch and Bevs. Potter, Cummins. Adeney, Bodda, Mercer, Allanbr, Bussell, Bupp, Walker, "Onyons, Glover, TeatAkn, Inues, Baker, Morris, W. Mall, J. Hutchinson, Dr Beamish, Heron, Altuut, Badcliff, G. M: Watson, Brod- nbb, Macfariane, Collins, Sabine, Stair, Smith, Homan. Stone, Herring, Cross, Wagg, terming the clergy of the diocese." 