HUE PONTIFICATE OP PIUS IX. FATHER BURKE'S LECTURE. ( Concluded.) . AND forth from the recesses .of bygone ages comes a voice crying out that Peter is the rock on which the Church of God is founded. (Applause.) Forth from the martyr's grave comes the testimony —"The Pope is the successor of Peter." From the deptlis of mediaeval Christianity comes THE VOICE OF THOMAS AQUINAS, saying that the successor of Peter is the Vicar of God. From God's Bishops comes a voice proclaiming—" Thou, Pius, "art the successor of Peter, the Yicar of Christ (applause), to -whose word; speaking ' ex cathedra, the Church will bow down as. to the voice/of Jesus ChriBt." Will any voice arise in that vast 'assemblage to deny "hie claim 1 No. God's Bishops all bow down, and say it is true as the Gospel from which it comes. Will any bishop rise up, like Photius of old, In Constantinople, to deny it 1 No. Never was there such unanimity in the .Church's proclamation of a dogma as when that dogma comes forth from the lips of Pius the Ninth—''The Pope is Christ's Vicar on earth." If this unity, ' then, this great attribute that so clearly distinguishes her from jarring sects,'and makes her the image of the One God— one in His personality when He'became man—one in His prayer to the Father for His Church—if unity be a characteristic "of the true Church, it has never been illustrated so grandly before' the world as in the glorious figure of Pius the Ninth. (Applause.) Bat more than that, Christ "said His Church was an Apostolic Church. She is not only a working, but an agpessive Church. We Catholics are blamed by our fellow-citizens because, they say, we cannot keep ourselves quiet. " Is it not too bad," they say, " that we can't live in peace, and not mind religious questions ? These Catholics are constantly pestering us with their Sisters of Mercy, their Little Sisters, and friars, and parish priests, and preaching to us about Catholicity." Well, my friends, . we cannot help it. If there be any non- Catholic friends here to-night, I say— " We would let you alone if we could, but if we did, you and the world would never become Catholics, and you and the world would run great risk of eternal damnation. Garitas Cliristi urget nos." Do we not read—"Woe unto me if I do " not preach the Gospel of God ?" Christ " told his disciples to teach all nations. St. Paul repeated the lesson, and preached in season and out of season. We, therefore, cannot let the world alone. The Church must work—must spread the truth—must convert the nations." If there are savage heathens, she must send out her missionaries to them to suffer, and perhaps to die the martyr's death. Under the burning sun of India, or amidst the snowy mountains of the frozen North, the Jesuit or Lazarist will find his way to those who sit in darkness, to teach them the words of Jesus ChriBt, and receive, perhaps," as his reward, the stroke of the lance or the tomahawk, and seal the truth of his mission by the testimony of his blood, which may yet convert his savage murderer to the Faith of Jesus Christ. (Applause.) I WILL ASK OUR PBOTE8TANT FRIENDS WHERE, in the annals of history, since Christ founded His Church, and the last of the Apostles died, where is the nation, where is the province, where is the people, that has received Christianity, except from the Popes of Rome ? Who sent St. Patrick to Ireland? The holy Pope Celestine, who said to him, "I consecrate you f Bishop of Ireland ; go, and enkindle the , ught of Divine Faith amongst its people." {Applause.) St. Patrick came, and announced to the assembled monarchs and jPards of Ireland at Tara, "I am a messenger to you from God, sent by the Pope of Rome." And Ireland took the message of the Apostle, because he had the mission of the Pope of Rome. And Patrick ended his mission as he began it, for Ms last words to his disciples were :— "If you have any disputes between you, goto Rome, as you would to a mother." (Applause.) Who sent St. Augustine to England? The blessed and great Pope Gregory. Who sent their apostles through the wild forests of Germany and the north? ThePopeB of Rome. No man can convert unless he has hiB mission and diploma from .Rome. "No man can preach except he be sent ;" and the one imfc u . the jSupt^me Head of the ,(?hurch of Jeqjis Ciirist. Now, where, on the.long roll.of ,So v,ereign Pontiffe, is the Pope who has shown more of the power and strength of the apostolical spirit than Pius IX. ?' It is now nearly 30 years since he began to reign. He has exceeded : thiB ^eftrsof thepontificate of Peter. His pontificate is ari'historical miracle, for he is the only Pope that has reigned.longer' thanSt. Peter. When. he. began .that pontificate the bishops of America were few and far between—scarcely 20: no, nor anything, like 20. , To^ay rthe land is covered with: cathedrals.; 'the Catholic Faith is the one, united, : respectable and dominant religion of .the United States of America ; and the episcopate is one of the most glorigus'branches of the great tree of God's Chirch. (Applause!) When Pius IX. began his reign there was hot a single territorial bishop in England. Today this great man, in the fulness of his apostolic spirit, has restored once more the glories of England's hierarchy, and has rebuilt the edifice of her Btately Church, which seemed to have crumbled to ruins under three hundred years of persecution. (Applause.) His labours extended over the universal Church to the farthest ends of the earth. In the far antipodes, in Australia, and Polynesia, on the shore of the Pacific and the shore of Labrador, wherever the sun shines, the Catholic. Church flourishes under the apostolic hand of Pius IX. (Applause.) Finally, Christ has endowed his Church with a strength that nothing can resist. We have seen every day, and the testimony of history repeats it, that THERE IB NOTHING INDESTRUCTIBLE IN THIS WORLD. In our own days we have seen the collapse of dynasties that seemed to us invincible. We have seen the proud, courageous soldiers of France dashed to the earth and humbled under the iron heel of their German conquerors. We' are coerced to say that.everything in this world, no matter how strong it may seem, has in it the elements of weakness, save >nd except the Catholic. Church, because she rests on the strength of the Divine promise, that can never fail, and on the principles of justice, mercy, honour, and of knowledge. These principles are founded on the truthfulness of God. Principle's such as these are indestructible. Arms cannot destroy them ; cannon cannot pulverise them; armies cannot crush them ; brute force cannot break them down ; they rest on God, and are a portion of His divine nature, asserted amongst men. And such strength and such principles are the strength and the principles of Pius IX. (Applause.) If we compare him with other Popes, we will find that the greatest amongst them must take a lower grade than that of our Holy Father. Qf all the figures that loom out on the records of history, there is none that is greater than that of Gregory, or, as he was called, Hildebrand, whostood up for theChurch's rights and liberties, and fought, singlehanded, all the power of the German emperors, and humbled to the dust the greatest'and most wicked of them. But if he did he had Catholic France to'back him up, and the God of Truth and Faith to sustain him. He had great and powerful monarchs to sustain him. Pius IX. has stood alone before all the powers of this world. Alone, but that God supported him, he battled with heresy and infidelity. Left alone to the strength of his principles of faith, honour, and justice, the whole world demanded of hiin the commission of an act of disloyalty to his Divine Master, and in the face of the whole world he flung out his noble defiance and refusal—the words, Non possumus. That was the occasion when he was asked to surrender a little child to the Jewish religion. A little Jewish child had been baptised. The law of Faith says the moment a child is baptised that moment he becomes the property of Jesus Christ and His Church Such a'child was baptised. Pius IX. was called on to give him up, and surrender that property of his Divine Master, to play false to the interests of his Divine Lord, and he was summoned to do so at the peril of his liberty, and of his temporal' dominion. HE STOOD FAST TO THAT CHILD, despite the power of England and lYance, and the acts of ambassadors writing their scheming protocols. Everything that was possible was brought to bear on that iron old man, but he stood there' and said, " You may tear the heart out of my osom, but I tell you I will never do it." N~on posmmus ! There is the -only answer of this grand old man. But, coming from the lips of the Vicar of God, that answer was so powerful that all the 'powers of a ostile and wicked world were compelled to bow down before it. And I myself have shaken the hands of that very child when he grew up, and was filled with all the glory and purity of the priesthood. (Applause.) It is not only the strength to say Non Possumus that is characteristic of this great old man. There is one greater attribute that belongs to the'Pope of Rome which is well understood by all true Catholics, and that is the attribute of Divine sagacity to know and interpret the mind of the Church, and to alter it dogmatically in the proper timid and season. And how well every Catholic knows this is the attribute of the Pope ! I once said; to a poor old peasant in' the west off England, "Doyou think will'the Pope declare the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary ?". "Whether tie does or notj" was the answer, '' we knowit is the truth; and when th'e time Comes he will tnow better than' anyo&e; elsp." In these simple wordB he ahowfed that lie knew -this great attribute of -the Pope. Pius EL has risen to the gloTy of'proclaiming, on his own infallible authority, without waiting for a General Council, the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary. - John in Patmos had the glory of seeing Mary crowned in heaven, but to proclaim her Immaculate Conception as a dogma of the Church was a glory reserved for 1800 years for Pius IX. (Applause.) But far more wonderful is the sagacity whose exhibition has followed on the loss of his temporal power. Forecasting the dark ages that were coming on when, with prophetic eye, he beheld himself a prisoner, and his successors exiles on the face of the earth, he saw the time was come to save the Catholic Church from confusion to save thb uiiity of the Church in her Head. He called : his bishops together, and crowned the edifice of the Church by the declaration of the INFALLIBILITY of her head. (Applause.) The bishops came. He spoke—the wisdom of God spoke in him, and the successor of Peter was dogmatically declared to be what the Church had always believed him to be. The man who is the head of the Church, speaking ex cathedra, speaking her Faith and formulating her dogmas, cannot ask the Church to believe a lie ; for the Holy Ghost would come and strike him dead if he dared to tell her a lie. (Applause.) Now the Pope may lay down his temporal power, to be again given back to him in God's good time. But be he exile or martyr, there is that in him which the Church declares to be his, and which cannot belong to any other' man—the mysterious countersign of hia infallibility —and on that infallibility she rests, and bids defiance to all the monarchs of the earth. They may hinder her bishops from assembling in council; the Church has her head in the Pope. They may cast her bishops and priests into prison, or put them to death; she has the declaration of faith in the same infallible guide ; and she owes that to the wonderful energy and sagacity of Pius IX. (Applause.) Therefore, he, beyond all other Popes, has exulted in organising the Church, in maintaining her unity, increasing her strength; and, therefore, for the temporal crown which he has lost, the Church of God sets on his brow the triple crown of this three-fold glory. Therefore, let us remember that he is our father, and honour and praise him. Let us pray that length of days may crown his head, and that as he has buried so many of his enemies, he may live to triumph over those who remain. (Applause.) Not, indeed, to seek their destruction, but to take them back into his boBom. Let us remember him, as Irishmen, owing our Catholicity to the Pope, and the preservation of that Divine Faith to the strong fidelity with which Ireland has always, through good report and evil report, taken her stand by the Chair of Peter; and let us all with one heart and voice, in thankfulness cry out, "God bless Pius the Ninth, Pope of Rome." (Loud applause, during which the eloquent lecturer resumed his seat.) 