MADAME ADELAIDE BISTORTS BENEFIT, i YESTERDAY evening Mndiimo'jAdelaido Ristori took the, first big fit that has been allotted her in Sydney. In honour of the (occasion the exterior of the theatre was decorated twin kings, the Iiibbj bring adorned with boughs and other day with us; and the interior was also tastefully diminished. The pillars trap wreathed with evergreens and in the; in the, cracks were festooned with flags, that a lady being, of streets, in the ascendant. The proscenium v SP also gaily decorated, with pot plants were placed upon It e Hsjic. Jn'tlio uncle of the dress circle was the third " Ai'dio," with A. Ivison either side. There was a very large audience. ' - j The first piece was an Italian version of Mncboth. This was trent nal for Madame Ristori' by Signor (iiulioCnrcnno. The original has been greatly cut down and namely to turn nets; every sacrifice being, of richness, made to give prominence to Lady Macbeth. The wildes only appear in the first act, and thus wo IOFO not only all of Lui his beautiful music, but the savour of the Hundred supernatural that lends so peculiarly ohm in to this tragedy. and which is infused into it with that talent In Ihi'iiiii'niilic and legendary pre- eminently characteristic of fbnkfpiro. The firemen opens with tbos.ciioof theatres valid title echo heath; tim Fahy of Macbeth and Barque, their Rifles' salutation of Mncboth fai-CBhndqwing his future greatness, a portion of which is immediately reaffirmed by the miry of Ross and Angus. Thewell knitting soliloquy of Lady Macbeth commoners the next ?cine-folli.tud by the entry of Macbeth ; the scenes between him and Lady Mncboth, the arrival of Dunoon, the direct scene, and the murder of the king being returned mines, as also the scene with the two murderers, and the banquet with the appearance of Banquets ghosts The fourth net commences with the dialogue between Malcolm, Mficduff, and Rossi, in which they discuss their courage. The sleep-walking scene immediately follows, and this is succeeded by the death of the tyrant at Dun- sinane. ' Notwithstanding that in assuming this character Madame Ristori appears at some slight disadvantage before an audience accustomed to grand delineations of Shakspere's masterpieces, jet, upon the whole, the sensation she created y> as equal to that of most of her other impersonations. Lady Macbeth, as portrayed by her, is hard, determined reticent, almost cruel in the fixity of her purpose when she has sent her mind to it. She is the mainstay of her establishment that appears clear from her first entry with the letter in which her throne has con- fided to her his encounter with the witches. Her reading of the epistle is strongly marked ; she is surprised at Mno both's changes of fortune, She is startled and awed by his story of the encounter with the witches. Her mind, however, is at once sent to the realization of the prediction, and in the subsequent short dialogue with Macbeth, she urges him to the assassination of Dunoon with a persuasive cajolery admirably expressed. When he at length half yields, observing moodily " We will speak further," she places her hand upon him, and with a sort of half triumph leads him away-a style entirely peculiar to Madame Ristori, and which elicited her recall upon the stage, nor acting with Duncan is splendidly marked. The dissimulation, her own direction to look like the innocent flower, But be the serpent under it, is absolutely fulfilled, for every suspicion must be lulled. There must be nothing but a seeming cordiality, a pleni- tude of hospitality. But in the subsequent scene in which she reveals her project to Mncboth in all its naked dire ness, her noting is marked by the deepest tragic fire and effect. The withering scorn with which she stings away his hesitation is splendidly given ; but the former sweet- ness and assurance return with Miicbcth's assent, and a diabolical joy inspires her upon her triumph. Then, in the next net follows the murder scene and this is worked up as only Madame Ristori can. Lady Macbeth-pale, rigid, every nerve strung to its utmost tension, yet still sternly resolved appears before the audience ; her answers to her husband's distracted ravings are brief and cold, her mental torment is too great for speech ; but she arouses herself at the sight of the daggers; at all risks there must be no possibility of discovery. She serves the dogger from the shrinking bonds of her husband, and departs to put them by the sleepy grooms. There is a wild defiance in her manner when she returns; but she is still equal to the occasion, and drags her distracted husband away with fierce determination. When the alarm is given and all are aroused, Lady Macbeth's terror is real, for she does not know how her husband has disposed of the grooms. When, however, "he ' tells his tale, her port up feelings gave way at his picture of the horrid scene and she swoons. The grand feature of the succeed- ing act is of course the banquet scene, and in this Ristori's delineation is in many respects original. She is the kind and courteous hostess the bland and politic Queen ; but when the opposition of the murdered Banquo appears (invisible to her as to the others, save Macbeth) although she does her utmost to win the King's mind away from the horror that sits upon it, yet her courage begins to quail. She reassures the guests, however, and endeavours to dis- simulate, but Macbeth's continued frenzy disquiet her she hurries away the company, and when alone with the partner in her guilt her dejection is apparent. What was the regal dignity with this constant torture and agony I Tho sleep-walking scene was given in English, as it was last season ; Mr. F. Bolton and Mrs. C. Jones sustaining the respective roles of the physician and the gentlewoman. This was certainly (perhaps from the language) the most telling feature of the evening. It was acting grand and sublime from its very simplicity. Nothing could be more striking than the vague, lustreloRS expression of the pallid countenance ; the eyes, fixed and rigid, the slow and mechanical motion, the long-drawn breathing. It was the scene of the tragedy being re-enacted with all its horrors. 'The dreadful taint of blood would never be effaced, and is she lifts her hand to her countenance every motion was redolent of the reminiscence of the deed. " Here's the smell of blood : all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand," murmurs the conscience-stricken Queen. Butnowcomob the remembrance of that which followed: -" I tell you yet again, Banquo's buried ; he cannot come out of his grave." Again the mind for a moment found repose, and sleep ensues ; but soon comes again the memory of Duncan's murder. " There's knocking out the gale ; come, come, come, come, give me your hand, What's done cannot be undone" And so, with two old gesture of half lending half-cajoling Macbeth away, She departs, never to appear again. The stern heart had cracked in its agony, and the next intelligence brought to Mncboth is, " The Queen, my lord, is dead." At the termination of the scene, Madame Ristori was recalled upon the stage and saluted with a perfect shower of bouquets. They littered the entire stage, and the best scores, being utterly unable to carry them all away, she was assisted (rallied to the amusement of the audience by a body of the Scottish nobility of the period, and even then it took some time before they were all removed. Both the exigencies of space and the lateness of the hour at which the performance terminated (long after midnight) preclude us from giving more than a glance at the distribu- tion of the other characters. Signor Majeroni Macbeth is a highly-coloured and picturesque edition of the character, though perhaps to a British audience rather too melodic inatic. Nevertheless it was apparent that he had devoted an immense amount of study and attention to the port; and his rendering of the dagger soliloquy elicited his recall to bow his acknowledgments of the applause with which he was greeted. Signor Alberti, as Malcolm, had rather a thankless part, but he made the most of it. Signor Glenn was an effective Banquo, and Signor Schoggi did the utmost with Duncan. Signor ViBcordi was a creditable Miioduff. The company, however, hardly appeared to be at home in the business, and the voice of the prompter was un- pleasantly audible. We may also remark that the Scottish army were arrayed in dressing- gowns; that Maoboth's banquet appeared to consist of hard-boiled eggs and damper; and that the combat between Macbeth and Macduff! was unique in its way. However, Signor Marconi made a good impression in the character, and was recalled before the curtain at the termination of the tragedy. " Mad for a Purpose " IB a comedy in two acts, which has been translated from the Italian by Miss Alice M Solomon, of this city The plot runs thus -Norma, a young widow, having been left with an immense fortune, under the guardianship of her father, has been besieged by an immense number of suitors She, however, fixed her affection upon a young eoui-lttutctiatit of infantry, but the match was opposed by her father, in consequence of the poverty of the officer, not less than his profession however the old gentleman having departed this life, Norma married her lover but after several days of wedded bliss, he was suddenly compelled to depart with his regiment to a distant country with which war was being waged For eight years no tidings has been received of him All this is premised before the action of the play commences Norma is paying a visit to an uncle Dm lemons, who keeps a lunatic asylum, and hearing that a regiment of dragoons is about to pass through the town, is very anxious to ascertain and intelligence of her husband Her hush ind happens to be the colonel of the regiment, Blown), and visits the asylum but, upholding interrogated by Dal lemons (of whom he, of course, knows nothing he declares that for eight years he has not heard anything of his wife and has come to the conclusion that she is in constant He has in fact discarded her from his mind altogether Norma overhears all HUB, and determines upon a stratagem She feigns to be one of Darleinont's above patients, places herself in Bhnvul's way, and pathetically laments the loss of her husband shot at recognises her, falls in love with her again, and discloses his identity, but the lady feigns not to remember him, and the first act thus ends upon a well-arranged tableau A certain professor, named Eustache Brodolusi who profess to have a wonderful cure for insanittjhnB in the meantime arrived at the house with letters of credit from the Medical Society of the capital In the second act a certain Venanzio, an old curmudgeon, and his daughter Christina arrive Christina has been educated, without cost to her father, at a college in France, by a certain contraband to whom Viennese had rendered services Upon her return to the parental roof brimful of accomplishments, her father relegates her to the kitchen, and as she objects to this he desires to make out that she is mad, and fees a number of doctors to declare so D îrlemont, however, at ers the outrage, being a man of honour, and Vcnanzio offor H a. bribe to Eustachio to swear that Christina is out of her senses The worthy professor consents to this, and shortly afterwards Burns) offers to see him handsomely to cure Norma of her I supposed insanity To this he also consented but, upon endeavouring to induce Norma to take one of his pills, she becomes furious, supposing that her husband his a design upon her life Bhnval, however, now ascertain the true State's! affairs from Eurasia (Darkmont'fi middle-aged but romantic housekeeper), and byway of turning the tables himself ' affects to be mad,' talks wildly to', every one" and raves about his wife. ' visit' another complication arises. Blinvnl,' it would 'seem. had been staying at Venning's house, handbill' in dulged in a flirtation with Christine, stating that he had an old wife whose, decease he believed would not be far distant. ''IbiViB related to the not particularly gratified Non'nnj who at once perceives that her husband is not mad, and the] posts that his conduct is, Only a chink to cover his escape. however, a little scene ensues between them in which an itlaiteiisctnaU takes plate, and all ends as it should, No thing could be more opposed to the character in which Madame Ristori had previously appeared than that of the house in tbisooinidy; yet she rattled through a wild claiming purer and family. llcrmiidne'-s'wis thomas delightful of insanity ; the wildness of MT laugh this UHM till) lamingtons-, and the feminine vengeance which she worked upon her faithless husband by boxing his ears and pulling his hair was intensely appreciated. Sigijorn G. Glenn was quite adequate to the requirements of Chris line and Elenor C. Ristori as Eustnchio, and Signora, Majeroni as filming vied with each other in keeping the surface in comukho laughter. The other characters were well and truly played. I To-night Madame Ristori appears in "Medea" and 'Mud tor a Purpose," and delivers a valedictory address in English. ' ' 