A'uoIUTI ' s'i'uOIiRY' :, 'rirtETunmut aorrbspbnddht:of tho iOtnd agiai T'ia e is nccountabla 'for; th o followin i- 0Durlng th'opaas webk' tho oiiof topia of oonvdrsation'amoun loonlgoaaipdM hau lieon tho vagarioao of tlh Windowlo'ghdi6t'.! ' Ioro wa to' naaoHt oairdiliioliof inh" thli' oxiatanoo: of loHots 'in jtonbri alnd ,linn.tlia"bho .in partloular, woirwould prohnbly Inour tho dieplicauro ofddio'.endoriwith splridtlialio I;roalivitioill asoa'woo for' thl pIOrouent r friiiI from explrosaln'K nn'optlnion :upon tlho sb. joot, and. 'miroly rclntoithl fnotaowhiholhavo aomo inrldor outr nolti, llAving thai pub. lio to draw their ownt onolualona, 'Wa io, not ivO orodoanc to all iho'mnarvollouB atorlo ourront nboutl thi looal appnrllion z but, it..,iai: boyoynd disputo that nny numbor ofroaldaodit hivo rKonu omothlig mystlrlioue, and wo.e bvo, beon at lomo plninsto lo'nn, tho followlng dotnlla. Ono oavni tg lInt'wuonc n vory old 'roaldontan at Windowlo obaorvod n lemnlo in whlito on tho ijut uonr lila dlvolling,, inudreainrled, ' lMr l, ia Into puttlli, lin hor duukna,'-Mra. It, ho. iing noighibour of Ilia, itid tho only fomnilo booleais tlioso hi' liH own familyllltaly to bo thero at that tlim of. tnight b "iut on IuIbon (ulont iquiry at Mro, 11, a plico it wn. loitnld tha abli had not lufttho. i toueo all hllt aovcning,. . i Tlainhlont oooaelonod but 'llttllo oumennt unll thu follomvlnglooourrodI -Lnto on thl afilght of Thluradny ?tholl Sthb indlnti, tho rond ptrlty nl o'lly on, thu Win. dowie contract had retired to their hut, and one of the party, Mr. A., was in the act of bathing his feet. when his attention was at. trcletd by a slight noise outside. HIe called to 0., one of his mates, to run out to tlhe dray and scoe if someone was not stealing the harness. . . went outside, but quickly returned, pallid of aspect, and with bends of sweat upon his brow, saying, 'Its a ghost.' The third occupant of the hut, having no desire to interview the nocturnal visitor, drew the blanket over his head and re. imained where he was; but A. rushed out. side and beheld, sure enough, standing near tihe dray, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with extended arms draped in white, ' Ah i' exclaimed A., ' I guess you want one of my horse collars: just wait a second, and I'll give you a striking proof of my liberality.' So saying, A. sang out to his mate to hand him a long-handled hammer, and armed with this he rushed upon the enelny; but the blow fell harm. less, for the ghostly visitor vanished, Ow. ing to the darkness and the ground being covered with thistles, A., who was bare. footed, considered pursuit of the ghost un. advisable, else we might have heard the last of this Windowio woman in white, Since writing the above, we have heard that .another of the ghostly fraternity has been playing high pranks in another part of our district. In one instance, we understand, a miarriage had boon arranged, and every everything went smootly till the eve before the wedding, when a ghost appeared upon the scene, and we suppose.from what fol. lowed forbad the banns, as the bride elect, in consequence of revelations made to her by the suiernatural visitor has determined to forego matrimony for the present, 