GENERAL NEW& A somewhat serious accident occurred at the Sarnia Timber Yard, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday, June 15. One of the workmen, named John Moorhouse, whilst engaged working at a circular saw by some means caught his hand in the saw, severing all his fingers and part of his left hand, leaving only the thumb. Mr. T. Hack, one of the partners, immediately took the sufferer to Dr. Getiiing, who ordered his removal to the Adelaide Hospital, at which place the injuries were attended to by Dr. Gardner. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Mon day and the same hour on Tuesday, June 15, is registered as follows :— CapeJervis ... 0 020 Tort Elliot ... 0*188 Goolwa ... OTOO Mount Barker 0*240 Strathalbyn ... O'OIO Kingston ... 1*060 Narraooorte ... 0*020. Mount Gambier 0 "110 Adelaide ... 0*150 Clare 0*020 Wallaroo ... 0*050 Moonta ... 0 060 Tanunda ... 0*040 Gawler 0*010 .Gumeraoha ... 0*320 Willunga ... 0*080 Norman villa ... 0*175 The following is. Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin telegraph lineBeltana, cold, over cast, threatening; Strangways Springs, over cast, threatening; Peake, overcast, threaten ing; Charlotte Waters, overcast, threatening; Alice Springs, fine, clear, pleasant; Barrow Creek, fine, few clouds, cool; Tennant Creek, fine, clear, cool; Powell Creek, fine, clear, cool; Daly Waters, clear, warm, fine; Kiver Katherine, fine; Pine Creek, clear, cool; Yam Creek, fine, warm; Southport, fine, warm Port Darwin, cool, fine. . A concert is to be given this evening in the Kent Town Lecture Hall by members of the Wesleyan Church Choir, assisted by well known amateurs. Mr. Sothern, the actor, in a letter to a friend in Melbourne, expresses his great desire to visit Australia, and anticipates being in Mel bourne in March next. The steamer Claud Hamilton, which sailed on Saturday for Port Darwin, via New . castle,; had 16 steerage passengers for Port Darwin, and one for Newcastle. According to "iEgles" in the Aus tralasian, an enterprising bookmaker lately returned from the Adelaide Bace Meeting, was asked how he liked South Australia. He tersely replied. "Oh 1 I liked it seven fifty." On Monday, June 14, Catherine Molnnes was "admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from a broken leg, caused by jumping out of a buggy at Eeedy Creek, near the Broughton, on the previous Saturday. A married woman, named Mary Richards, on Monday, June 14, had seen her daughter admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, and had jast entered a: vehicle preparatory to' driving away, when the horses suddenly started off. Mrs. Richards jumped out, and in doing so sprained one of her ankles so seriously that she had also to become an inmate of the Hos pital. The Portland Guardian, a Victorian newspaper, of the 4th of June, states that a little before sunrise of that day the strange, atmospheric phenomenon of three suns—two well defined, the third rather faint—appeared in the eastern sky, and remained for some time, say three or four minutes, when the three gradually united into one, which was suddenly obscured by the dark masses of c'oud forming a great bank on the horizon. At a meeting of the Funeral Reform Association, held on Monday afternoon, June 14 (the Key. J. Biokfordin the chair), it was resolved that a plan for a bier, submitted by Messrs.. Duncan & Fraser, be adopted with a slight modification. A report was read from the Very Rev. the Dean, which was adopted. Several other routine matters were brought forward, and the meeting adjourned with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. James Bell, of Glenelg, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Monday, June 14, suffering from an injured hand. He was cutting sleepers on the Broughton Extension Railway on the previous Saturday, when the log he was engaged on turned over, oausing his hand to run against the saw, lacerating it very badly. Bell at once rode to Dr. Baba, of Clare, -who dressed the injured member, and on the doctor's recommendation he came to the Ade laide Hospital, • Our lady readers will no doubt be interested in learning that " a new method of carrying the umbrella by the fair sex is likely to be all the rage soon." The method, the BaUarat,Gouriir states, consists of having a loop attached to the back of the dress near the waist, and the umbrella hangs in this loop down the skirt of. tho dress, in the same manner as a volunteer carries his bayonet. The umbrella used is made with a sword-hilt. The new method has been adopted in Melbourne, and is said to be well deserving of the appro bation with whioh.it is regarded by all be holders. There was a very fair attendance at the Royal on Monday evening to witness the per formance of the Towers Dramatic Company, the gallery and pit being well filled, and the stalls fairly so. The drama of "Grateful" was repeated, and Miss Rosa Towers charmed the audience by her graceful and really exoellent impersonation of Gratty, the Charity Child. The applause was frequent, and Mr. Frank Towers came in for no inconsiderable share in his performance of the anusing part of Tony Barker. To-night, His Excellency the Governor is to be present, when the same pieces will be repeated. The responsibilities of a married woman were discussed at the Williamstown Police Court lately in a case of MoMelkan v. Hillman, in which the defendant, a married woman, was sued for £4, money lent. The Argus states that "the money was advanced to hersom* time ago, when her husband was absent from the colony, and it was now pleaded that the woman was not responsible, as the husband, on his re turn, had accepted the liability. The Bench thought the evidence showed that the liability rested on the defendant, and they accordingly made an order against her for the amount claimed, with 26s. costs." Mr. A. Landergan will give hi3 first concert in Adelaide, at White's Rooms, this evening. Apart from Mr. Landergan's known ability as a musician the entertainment pro mises to be an excellent one, as several popular amateurs, together with members of the Musical Union, have consented to assist. The pro gramme contains amongst other rare numbers' Beethoven's sonata for piano and violin (op, 24), and the same composer's sonata for piano forte (A major), theme and variations. In the instrumental portions Mr. Landergan will be assisted by Mr. John Hall. Doubtless, if the weather is fine, there will be a large attendance. Another sixpenny concert, in aid of St. Luke's Church Choir Fund, was given in the Lecture Hall connected with that church on Monday evening, June 14, There was a very good attendance. A capital programme was carried out in a commendable manner, and to the evident satisfaction of the audience. The ladies and ^gentlemen taking part were Mesdames Lenthall and Watson, the . Misses, McFie, Fuchs, Thompson, and Simpson, Messrs. Hall, Baker, Lenthall, Macklin, Andrews, Nay lor, Shaw, Lindow, and Master J. War. hurst. Mr. B. Warhurst conducted, and Mr. E. J. Warhurst presided at the piano and har. moniuui. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. B. Fox, the Eev. James Pollitt, who was to have presided, being absent through indisposition. There is now on view at the shop of Mr. Boberts, stationer, King William- Btreet, a fine oil painting, representing a landscape, with a group of cattle in the foreground, lying in the shade of a clump of trees. The cattle are very well painted, and the effeots of light and shade are admirably brought out by the artist, A. Cortes. The tone of the picture is excel lent, It was gained as a prize in the City of London and National Art Union—the tickets in. whioh were only Is. each—by Mr. E. Cleland, of Port Adelaide. The picture is valued at £20, and was won at the drawing which took place at the London Tavern on the 31st of last December. Mr. Boberts, who iB the local agent for disposing of tickets, has several other prizes in hi3 shop which were gained by South Aus tralian subscribers. One is a fine watercolor picture, by Louis Bellanger, of a scene on the Biver Cotter an, near Fribourg. The others are large and beautifully executed photographs, which arc well mounted in gilt frames. The following paaticulars of the early life of Mr. E. L. Grundy, of Gawler, are taken from the Manchester Courier of March 27 :— "Our file of Australian papers just to hand brings intelligence of the decease, in Adelaide, of an old'Manchester worthy, Mr. Edward Lindley Grundy, the event occurring on the 21st of January last, at the ripe old age of 80. To many of our townsmen he will ever be re membered as an active and eloquent advocate of many institutions, having for their object the welfare of the poor and the oppressed or every shade. He was one of the joint Secretaries of the infants' schools first established in this city, and some time afterwards holding the same position in connection with the Christian Institute, the chief feature of whioh was to counteract the influence of certain institutions opened on the Sabbath. He was also of the band of those kind-hearted men who introduced the temperance movement in this town, sup ported by Dr. Burton, William Wood, Dr. MoKerrow, and hosts of others, and for which Society he acted for many years as Hon. Secre tary. He also assisted Mr. B. Forrand and others in connection with the Factory Acts." "We have often had to record the vagaries of the brokers who do business at the Beehive," the Bendigo Independent observes. " In summer they have been known to beguile dull moments by an exhibition of their skill at marbles, and by their proficiency at peg-top, but yesterday they devoted their attention to something infinitely better. As our readers know, the day was terribly wet, and this drove the fraternity indoors. In the recesses of the Beehive there happens to be a .p.iano, and this instrument was brought into requisition, where upon, after the morning market had been dis posed of, they clustered about, while a musical broker discoursed excellent music therefrom, the crowd lifting up their voices ever and anon. But there were a couple who displayed singu larly good taste in singing, and they were warmly applauded, especially in the rendering of ' The Englishman' on the one part, and some touohing ballads by a resident of Eaglehawk on the other. They filled the Beehive for once. It may be fairly suggested that programmes should be issued for the remainder of the wet weather, and a regular series of concerted melo dies be given. The brokers might do worse than this." [Respecting the loss of the mail steamer Schiller, the Lyttelton Times has received posi-. tive information of the safety of the New Zaaland and Australian passengers. Captain Rose, who left New Zealand for England by the Mikado, in March, on business con nected with the New Zealand Shipping Com pany, writing from Ogden, Utah Territory, on April 22, says that on arrival at Ogden he found the line was damaged by floous for a distance of 200 mile3 beyond that spot, and in consequence he had been detained there for a week, but expected to proceed on his journey that day. Owing to the bad state of the roads he calculated that he could not embark at New York before the 1st of May. Forty New Zealand and 300 other passengers were detained with Oaptain Rose at Ogden. The mails by the Mikado had been sent on by the previous train from San Fran cisco, and got through to New York after four days' detention from the floods. It will be seen from this that Captain Rose and the rest of the passengers could not leave New York at the earliest before the 1st of May. The Schiller was lost at the Soilly Islands on the 4th or 5th of May, and must have loft New York at the latest on the 25th or 26th of April. It follows, therefore, that the New Zealand and Australian passengers could not have been on board the Schiller. [Regarding the wheat crop in California, the Alta of May 1 says:—" We are afraid that our people, upon occasion of the general and generous rains which visited the State some months ago, to use an old expression rather expressive than elegant, ' Whistled before they got out of the woods.' Then there were plenty of people and of journals who believed, and did not hesitate to say, that that rain settled the question of our wheat crop and ensured it. But they were mistaken. Perhaps, had we no northerly winds after that rain, we might have produced an average crop. Even that, how ever, is doubtful. For it is pretty well understood that late rains are a necessity to the filling out and perfection of our cereals. But since that general, although not heavy rain, we have had, probably, more northerly winds thau ever before during the last quarter of a century. In this city, probably but few have particularly noticed this fact., But some have. And in certain parts of the State they have had hot, dry, shrivelling north winds for days and days, while in this city we have had winds from entirely different points, and of entirely different character. The late rains we have not had, surely. As a consequenoe of that, and of the greatly prevailing north winds, the crops are injured—in some parts ruined. A letter received from Fairfield, Solano county, says that a hot north wind prevails there, and that it will require only a very few days more to completely wither the wheat in that vicinity.' " 111 a recent letter our Adelaide cor respondent made a remark which many might regard as a slight upon Mr. Hardy, M.P. for Albert," writes the Border Watch. " We may say that we thought the remark totally undeserved, and only allowed it to pass as being not the opinion of our correspondent, nor the opinion of the public, but of certain gentlemen interested in the formation of the Ministry, against whom Mr. Hardy veted. We are glad to be able to publish the following note from Mr. Hardy himself upon the subject' I notice in Saturday's Border Watch your correspondent writes, ' no one would think of the Attorney Generalship for suoh a duffer as Mr. Hardy.' I don't think it desirable to blow my own trumpet, by talking of what has been offered to me, but, as the expression referred to is cal culated to impair my usefulness for my friends in the South-Kast, I think it right to inform you that I was offered, before the debate came on, either the Attorney-Generalship or the Minister ship of Justice; and again, when Mr. Townsend was entrusted with the formation of a Ministry, I was offered the Attorney-Generalship. I de clined on both occasions. On the firBt, because although I did not approve of some of the men, I did (generally) of their proposed measures. I thought Mr. Hawker would be able to keep them straight in future; and I would not assist to turn out a Ministry unless I saw they would be re placed by a stronger Ministry, whose measures I should think (generally) useful. I would not even now write this to you until I had seen Mr, Townsend, and obtained his eanctionto mention the facts. In last Saturday's Chronicle, "Yabber" saysThe Rev. Mr. Cor, at the Education League meeting, spoke somewhat slightingly of the system of examinations for persons seeking positions as Government teachers. He knew that in this colony of the number that went up few passed for the third cl_-:s, and not one out of four for the seoond clais, "but he did not at tach much importance to this. Acquainted as he was with model school teaohing at home, he could state that he had seen men who had sprung from the ranks, were self-educated, and had adopted enthusiastically school teaohing as. a profession, if required to go through a second class examination, would fail ignominloualy, and yet who were doing a noble work for God and mankind. These competitive examinations were not the best test of a man's fitness for his work, and many a man who now occupied a high and honorable position, if asked to go through even the second-class examination, would ■ find himself failing."- This sounds very pretty talk, and given with emphasis from a semi-religious platform would no doubt elicit cheers from persons conscious of their own lack of acquirements; but what does it all amount to ? if a man is educated, whether self-educated or not, he can pass a fair examination; if be cannot pass it he_ has no olaim to be reoognised as a duly qualified teaoher. Enthusiasm will not supply the want of instruction, and there is too much vagueness about such expressions as " doing a noble work for God and mankind." The State properly requires a certain kind and quantity of know ledge .to be imparted ; and how is it to be as certained whether a person is competent to impart suoh knowledge unless by an examina tion? A certificate from Mr. Oox that the candidate was doing or would do "a noble work for God and mankind" would scarcely meet the requirements of the case. A curious ghost story, the scene of which is laid in a gaol, is related by the New York Times of March 11:—"Hackensalck, in Bergen Oounty, has a sensition in the Bhape of a genuine ghost which haunts the County Gaol, and creates the utmost consternation and alarm among the prisoners and other inmates. The spirit has been recognised as that of John W. Avery, the young man who was hanged in the gaol on June 28, 1872, for murder. The mysterious phenomena which accompany the appearanoe of the spirit were at first attributed to some plan of escape concocted by the prisoners, but recent developments prove that such is not the case. A prisoner named Wallace, who was confined in the gaol in October last, and who was familiar with Avery, solemnly affirms that his spirit ap peared one night, and was distinctly seen to walk around one of the tiers, and pull the bed clothing off a German prisoner who was confined in the cell formerly occupied by Avery. The German, who is still a prisoner, confirms the story, and many persons who visited Avery now remember that he made a solemn promise before his dbath to revisit the gaol after his execution. The story of his lateBt appearance seemed to be well authenticated, several of the prisoners thoroughly agreeing in their statement of all the alleged facts. The phenomenon ocourred 1 about midnight on Sunday, and: there is no ] doubt that the utmost consternation and alarm ! prevailed among the prisoners. As is custo mary in all well-regulated ghost stories, the clock had just oeased striking 12, when a soft funnatural light filled the whole in terior of the gaol and awakened all the prisoners. Some of them were terror stroken, and buiied their headB beneath the bed-clothing, while others seemed to be paralysed so that they could not move, and were thus compelled to be unwilling witnesses of the supernatural scenes and sounds that followed. They solemnly aver that they heard one of the windows raised, and felt tne cold air rush in. Then the shadowy form of a man, all plainly visible except the legs, seemed to glide between the bars and up the stairs to the top tier of cells. The figure stopped in front of: the cell which had been occupied by Avery, and opening the door, entered. The opening and closing of the door were distinctly heard. After tho lapse of a few minutes the figure re appeared, and its footfalls on the steps as it de-. scended again were : distinctly heard. The figure passed arou d <01 the tiers of cells, and then floated down to .vasbroom, and was heard to turn on the water. Finally the ghost re turned to the window and disappeared as it had entered, and the bluish light gradually faded away. This is substantially the story as told by several of the prisoners, who claim to have been eye-witnesses, and express their firm belief that they saw Avery's ghost." Services in conreul-ion with, the anni versary of the Presbyterian Sabbath- sohool, Flinders-street, were held on Sunday, June 13, when Rermons were preached by the Rev. Jas, Lyall (pastor of the Ohurch), the Rev. J'. Davidson, and the Rev. J. L. Parsons. Although the weather was unfavorable, there was a fair attendance at each service. The Rev. Mr. Davidson's discourse in the afternoon was specially intended for the young. On the following Monday a public tea was held in the church, and fairly attended. This was followed by a public meeting. The wet weather i militated against the success of these gather ings. At the public meeting Mr. David I Murray (Superintendent of the School) pre sided. He referred .to the importance of a religious training to the young, remarking that it was the duty of the Church to do all in its power to carry out that important work. He pointed out with pleasure that, despite the inclemency of the weather on Sunday, the col lections amounted to more than on the same day last year. The annual report, which was read by Mr. J. Lyon, the Secretary, stated that tbere was a marked decrease in the average attendance of both teachers and scholars ; that, however, was attributable to the large amount of sickness that had prevailed during the year, especially amongst children. There were at present in the school 19- teachers and 150 scholars, with an average attendance of 10J. Two efficient teachers had been lost—one, Mr. R. Gordon, who had to resign throughill-health, and Mrs. Whiteoross, who had been removed by death. Great difficulty was experienced in pro curing teachers, more especially from the ma'e members of the Church. Satisfaction was ex pressed at Mr. Murray having accepted the position of Superintendent. The library con tained 270 volumes, 82 of which had been added during the year. A harmonium had been pur chased for the use of the school, and a singing class had been carried on with satisfactory re sults. £19 0s. 5d. had been collected for Mission purposes, and divided as follows:— New Hebrides Mission, £10 j City Mission, £4 8s. ; Aborigines' Friends' Association, £4 8s. At a teachers' meeting, held on May 31, the following officers had been appointed for the ooming yearPresident, ea; officio, Rev. Jas. Lyall; Superintendent, Mr. David Murray j Superintendent Branch Sohool, Mr. Berry; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr, J. Lyon; Secretary and Treasurer of Branch School, Mr. T. W. Fleming; Li irarlan, Mr. F. Molliir, It was reported that the Branch School num bered 11 teachers, in addition so the Superin tendent, and had an average attendance of 65 scholars. The library had been replenished by 80 or 90 volumes. The financial statement showed that there was a balance due to the Treasurer of 6i. 3^cL The Rev. James Lyali then gave an interesting lecture on his recent visit to Rome, which for so many years was the mistress of the world, and which abounds in objects of antiquarian and artistic interest. The lecturer described what has been styled the grandest church in Christendom, St. Peter's, with its colossal architecture, and many shrines and statues. The Colosseum also came under notice, as well as other objects of interest. At the close of the lecture, Mr, Searle sang one of Messrs. Moody and Sankey's hymns, "Almost persuaded," very beautifully, accompanying himself on the harmonium. "Wo said that Victoria was grandmother to 23 children. The number is 26, It mast be borne in mind, however, that oar calculation was j made throe days ago. —Rochester Democrat. 