INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. AcomcNTn nvo BurD MAs.-A most peculiar anoi dent happened to a blind man (the Geelong Adver tiser states) on Wednesday,about half-past 6. A team of bullocks were being driven along Ryrie-street with outs waggon behind them,when the blind man, whowas crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra-street, and feeling his way with a long stick, came in contact with them, falling across the chain between the centre pairs. The bullocks, startled withl fiding a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the front ones kieking out at ihe unfortunate fellow es lie clung tenaciously to the chain, and the two behind seeming inclined to let him feel their horns. The rest of the team being alarmed at the commotion also took fright, the whole of them rushing up Yarra-street, dragging the blind man along with Ithem, who apparently was receiving blow errter blow from the ixeited quadrupeds' heels. When opposite the Wesleyan parsonage the driver, after using his utmost endeavours, sue ereded in bringing the bullokes to a standstill, and the blind man wamjerked of the chain and thrown in a heap on the footpath. Strange to sav, he did not appear in any way hart or disconcerted at his unpreeoncerted escape, his only anxiety being that he would not lose his stick. His clothes, however. were considerably torn through being dragged alone the ground. Acomri AT THE RAGLA? RAILWAY STATION -An accident, which did not result seriously, occurred at the Raglan station late on the 11th instant. The passenger train from Sidney was approaching the platform at slackened speed, when the engine, instead of going up to the station, was seen to swerve on to a aiding, and before it could be prevented it ran into another engine, which was standing on the loop-line. The buffers of the passenger engine were smashed, and two wheels of the tender on the siding were jerked off the rails, bat beyond this very little damare was done to the machinery. The train contained fifteen or twenty passengers, and only one of them was in any way seriously injured-a woman named Mrs. Kirby, who was thrown forward by the collision against the side of the carriage, and sustained a cut above the eye. She had a child in her arms at the time, but the youngster escaped without a scratch. The train was only detained about eight minutes, and got into Keleo shortly after the usual time. As to the train running on to the siding, there could be only one explanation, and that was that the points were turned over the wrong way, but how they came to be in this state no one seems to know-as was the case in the mishap at Kelso a few weeks ago. Mr. Higgs, the station-master, investigated the matter, and he was informed by the man who had charge of the points that they were turned in the proper direction imme diately before the train came in. Except the shunter, the only persons who could have interfered with the points were some men who were working near the spot with a trolly, but beyond mere supposition there was nothing to connect these men with the origin of the accident.-Bathurst Times. " IT rnVEB ralINS BUT IT PoWBm."-The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek Neeos:-" About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford threepenny worth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more fre. quently cannot. However, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly.wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate enaecement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark whet the whirligig of time brought ashout. In April last the husband weeas ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside property in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over £18,000 annually. He had kin, hut so far removed as to be quite unknown to him.. The mail which reached last told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better. £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches she had not the ghost of an idea." LovE, LAw, ADM L 8. D.-The CastlemanieRepre. senttiee, of Aug'st 14, has the following curious nar rative:-" Our readers will remember that yesterday a man named Octarius M. Baker was brought up at the Castlemaine Police Court and remanded to Mel bourne, charged with imp-reonation--i. e, that he declared himself to he the father of a girl, and in that capacity cave his consent to her marriase, whereby the Rev. Father O'Sullivan was induced to per'orm the ceremony, although the girl was a minor. We have been able to eather the following particulars of the case, which promisee to possess some elements of romantic interest:-About a month ago Mr. Baker (the accused), accompanied by his wife, nephew, re pulted daughter, and her newly-married huebend, ar rived in Castlemaine from Sandhurst, and engaged londings with Mrs George Evans, of Templeton.atreet. They intended to stay for a few days only, to allow the young couple (who had been forced to leave Sand hurst on account of a threatened action of a breach of promise by a Dr. - , who did not believe in being jilted) to complete their honeymoon. They then por posed proceeding to the metropolis, there to celebrate the coming of age of the daughter, who, according to their report, was entitled to a considerable amount of money willed to her by her uncle, a brother of Judge Pohlman. Baker, who described himself as a livery stable keeper, and a breeder of racehlorses, had sold his property, and was living on the proceeds. After a short stay in Itelbourne the family intended pro ceedingby the mail-steamer to India, thence to Europe, to see life, and enjoy it too, as became people who were possessed of almost fabulous wealth. The stay of a few days, however, extended to weeks, and still there were no signs of carrying out their original programme. Meanwhile rumour had been very busy with the name and occupation of the husband of the heiress, who had been a' shaver,' and now went by the appellation of Mr. Motteram, but who is said to have a better claim to the patronymic of ' Smith.' He had been, according to his own account, a sharebroker at Quartzopolis, but since his wife has been entitled to much wealth had given up that precarious mode of existence, and was now living on his means. The young lady cameof age on Tuesday last, and, according to our informant, is entitled to £200 a day for her life ! But, alas! for human hopes--a full, true, and ageurate description of Mr. Baker was published in the Police Gazette, which fell into the hands of Constable Anelin, who, in conjunation with Senior-constable Woods, arrested Baker on Thursday evening, on the charge mentioned above. In justice to the accused we must state that he has made no secret of his whereabouts, and that the young lady who has been the unconscious mean's of Baker's arrest presisted most emphatically that he is her father. Whether this is correct or not will be ascertained at the Mel bourne City Court on Wednesday next, whither Baker has been remanded." The Braidwood Despatch says :-" We are not aware whether it is generally known that a ram will give battle to a bull, and looking at the enormous difference in the size of the two, we would hardly have e?tdited it had we not witnessed an encounter which took place between a ram and a pedigree bull of immense proportions, the property of Mr. Robert Geelan. The ram, with a flock of sheep, was feeding in the paddock with the bull, and the latter going rather closer to the sheep than his ramship seemed to appreciate, lie went up to the bull, and after a quiet .inspection walked backwards for half-a-dozen yards, and then made a desperate charge at his gieantic an tagonist, which he repeated some three or four times. The sound of their horns striking together could be heard for a long distance, and they must have come against one another with considerable fL,re. as at each charge the ram was knocked back some two or three yards. However, the bull after the fourtth " round" bhd quite enough of it, and turned tail and scampered off round the paddock, with the little conquering hero full tear after him, the bell that was hanging round Ihis neck by its furious incessant clatter having appa rently as much efflee in scaring the ' lord of the pas tures' as the unexpected pluck of his diminutive ne sailant." How To lC Wives.--Don't think that you know everything. If you wish .to cure a scolding wife, neer. fail to smile until she ceases-then kiss her. Surecure. 