HOW MARK TWAIN WAS SOLD IN NEWARK. H It is seldom pleasant,' writes Mark Twain, *' to tell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad con fession. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm is — but I believe it. is the correct expression to use in this connection — never having seen any balm.) You may re member that I lectured in Newark lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayonian Society. I did, at any rate. During the afternoon of that day I was walking with one of the young gentlemen just referred to, and he said he had an uncle, who for some cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes, this young man said, * Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more ! Oh, if I could only see him weep !' I was touched ; I could never withstand distress; I said, * Bring him to my lecture ; I'll start him for you.' 'Oh, if I could but do it ! Oh, if you could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? Can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs?' I was profoundly moved. I said, * My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh, if there is any laugh in him, and if thev miss fire, I have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other ?' Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neek, and blew his nose on my coat-tail, and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ; I dosed him with bad jokes and riddled him wiih good oiks; I fired old stale jokes into him, and pressed him fere and aft with red hot ones { I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him right and left, in front and be hind } I fumed and sweated, and charged and muted, till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious, but I never moved him once^-I never started a smile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moistare. J waa astonished, I closed the ecture at last, with one wild shriek--™-witu one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted1. The president of the society came up and bathed ray head with cold water, and said, what made you carry on so towards the last ? I said I was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh, in the second row, and he said, ' Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger I1'' ^fow, was that any way for tbat old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I simply ask you, as a man and a brother, if that was any way for him to do ?' 