VARIETIES. A merchant, not over-conversant with geography, on hearing that one of his vessels was in jeopardy, exclaimed, '' Jeopardy, jeopardy ; where's that ?' A ' Down East' Yankee has recently invented a rat exterminator, consisting of a sort of powder-snutr. Ine animal jerks his head off at the third sneeze. A medical man asked his legal j adviser how he could punish a servant who had stolen a canister of -valuable snuff. ' I am not aware of any Act,' said the lawyer, ' that makes it penal to take snuff.' Mr. Jones, of Vermont, said on his dying bed that he had never written a line which he cared to erase. The whole State was proud of him, till it was found out that he could not even write his own name. A resident on JtLunlbug Creek (says a Wagga Wagga journal) sends a short j anecdote illustrative of the blackfellow's notion of a compass. He was out one day, tracking cattle, accompanied by one of tbe 'lords of the soil,' who imagined that the compass always pointed to home. Suddenly stopping 011 his way, after they had been travelling for some time, -the black fellow asked to see the compass, and on being shown.it, he dis claimed all faith in the truth of the polar needle, with : ' Big humbug, he ; home over there,' pointing with his finger in tlm ilii-oefrirm nf the homestead; ' Atticus' writes hi the Leader : — j ' A friend of mine who was spending some. time at the charming establishment of M. Blanc, at Monaco, has forwarded me one or two morsels of gossip. Amongst the uulucky players was the Prince of Wales, who lost rouleau after rouleau of Napoleons iu the most plucky manner, while a 1( rench auKc won 100,000 francs in a quarter of an hour. A young German banker lost £12j000 during the season, and a. Russian prin cess had left £60,000 behind her. 4 One of the most fortunate players was a late draper from Ballarat. Getting it.— Lady Visitor (in rural ! district). — 'Dear me! Mrs. Scrubb, j I your boy seems to want a deal of whip I ping ?' Mrs. S- — Well, he's a getting it, aio't he ?' A lady once consulted Dr. JohnsOn on the degree of turpitude to be attached to her son's robbing an orchard. ' Ma dam,' said Johnson, ' it all depends upon j the weight of the boy. I remember lhy school -fellow, David Garrick -'-who was always a little fellow, robbing a dozen orchards with impunity ; but the very j first tinle I clintbed 'up' an apple tree — for I always was a heavy boy — the bough broke With me, and it was called judge ment. I suppose t;i at is why justice is represented with a pair of scales.' ? Dr. Wilkes, in his recent work of Physiology, remarks that ' it is estima ted that the bone1; of every adult person required to be fed with lime enoujh to make a marble mantel every eisjht months.' It will be preceived, therefore that in the course of about ten years each of us eats three or four marble miutle-jiieces and a few sets.of front door steps. And in a long life I suppose it is fair to estimate that the healthy A.mfri can could devote the Capitol at Washing ton, and perhaps two or three medium size marble quarries besides. It is aw ful to think of the consequence of a man should be cut off from his supply of lime for awbiie and then should get loose in a cemetary. ? An ordinary 'tombstone would hardly be enough for a lunch' for him, — Adder. A curate of Lower Brittany at the conclusion of bis sermm on Palm Sun day, said to-jbis flock, ?' My brethren, I shall confess the liars, nu Monday, the covetous on Tuesday, the slanderers on Wednesday, the thieves on Thursday, the libertines on Friday, and the bad . women on Saturday.' It may be sup posed that no one went, and the curate had a holiday. ' It's rather damp here,' said a lady visiting Dublin to a cabman. He re - plied cheerfully, ' Bedad, it is ma'am ; biifc they say the rain is more wettiu* in England.' A melting sermon being preached in in a country church, all fell a-weeping but one man, who, when asked wh'y .he did not weep with the rest, said, ' Oh ! I belong to another parish.' Sad Falling Off. — The ghost of Noah Webster came to a spiritual medium in Alabama, not long since, and wrote on a slip of paper, ' It is tite times.' Noah was right, but we are sorry to see that he has gone back on his dictionary. A Tame Mayor. — A. Londoner who crossed from Canada to Ogdensburg asked his hack driver as to.the popula tion and form of government of Ogdens burg. On being informed that it was an incorporated city, the chief executive officer of which was a mayor, he in quired, ' And does the mayor wear the insignia of office ?' .' Insignia — what's that ?' asked the astonished hackman. 'Why, a chain about his neck,' ex plained the Cockney. ' Oh, bless you, no,' responded tbe other; 'he's per fectly harmless, and goes about loose.' „ There are tricks in all trades — but squatting. Saltbush tells me that a friend of his owned a very fine station m the interior. .Nipper, who was settled at no great distance, conceived a fierce desire to have that station. He was frightened off by the price wanted. Presently the occupant was startled by the arrival of a little army of selectors, well supplied with horses and drays, and who soon pegged out their selec tions. He wasn't, after that circum-'' stance, difficult to deal with as to price. He was surprised to find out. later, when the sale was perfected, that the pur chaser was Nipper; and the strangest thing of all was that on subsequent investigation he founfl that the selec tors' horses all bore Nipper's brand - 'jEGLES.' I believe there is an ex-metnber of the Legislative Assembly who sa,t for three sessions, and about whom it was lately, wagered that hehad never spoken in the House. The , backer of utter silence lost, but not by much. , It was, found, on searching Hansard, that this taciturn member had ejaculated ' No 1' on three separate occasions. So. that his ' Noes' cost the country just 4900. Bather an expensive feature in a politi »nl nTTofrtm TTrtnriaiTflr flio cilpnP.P nf uai OJ OlCUlt — - some honorable members who are per petually saying something (nothing?) would be cheap at any money. — ' -5SGLES.' . A dog howled half an hour for a death, in front of an Elm-street house before he discovered that it was a vacant tenement. Then he left, very much mortified. Some people have peculiar constitu tions. Mark Twain . once complained, after a lonyj interval of idleness — ' This working between meals is killing me.' Mr. Joseph Audet, well known m many parts of the colony as a photo grapher, lost one half of a five-pound Union Bank note about sixteen years ago in Bathurst. He had one half in his possession, which he got £2 10s from the bank for on making the neces sary affidavit. Some four or five months ago a woman died in Bathurst, and in an old drawer or box was found, by the deceased woman's nurse, the second half \- 1 . , Ti 1. Utf_ of tlie long-lost; note. it oore Audet's endorsement, and was forwarded to him on it being ascertained that he was the lawful owner. On Monday morning Mr. Audet went to the Union ! Bank, Sydney, armed with the required affidavit, and came away a richer man by £2 10s. — Evening News. T.r - ? ? ? « Mnrrrtr. ±SS iX fiUliueiLi IUWU ui xusuiauia, a man, on going his parochial rounds, had occa sion to p iy a visit oi condolence to one of his parishioners — a widow, whose fourth husband had just departed this life. The clergyman, endeavoring to console her iu her bereavement, saidi amongst other thingSj that ' the hand of the Lord had been very heavy upon her,' &c.; ' Ah ! yes, sir.' said the widow ; ' indeed, it has t-een heavy upbu me, but,' brightening through lj£r tears, I beep pretty square, for, as soon as he takes one, I 'take another !' She was preparing for her fifth. — ' ^Eglea,*' in the Anstralasiait,. O'Connell, of whose birtli tlie centenary, is fast approaching, was an orator from whose displays every actor m:ght have learnt much. His voice rolled in a volunle of spontaneous melody; surges of eloquence, and flashes of ( broad, racy humor seemed to escape from him. like tlie exclamations of en impulsive child j over his playthings when trying some fiesh combination of them, and believing himse f uulieanl. hjs indeed, the power of ' ti e socket word.' He once rollicked out to a piiva'i? friend a confession to the following purport : — '? I know not that my pretentions to talent are above average. By birtli 1 am simply a country gentleman 'of good family^ one of hundreds. Industry has made me a fair second-rate lawyer. To literature or science I make ho pretentions. But I hold fast to three special gifts, as the cat in the fable had but one trick '; these are the follow ing : — 1. I awake at'5, refreshed, full of mind and of purpose. 2. I preserve appetite, spirit', and energy for months, without alcohol or other stimulant. And (third) I can think while upon my less. ' The Ukweitten Side op Gbeat Men.— We always think of great men as in the act of performing deecls which give thein renown, or else in s'ately repos-, grand, sijent, arid majes tic. And yet this is hardly fair, tiecause the most gracious and magnificent o£ human beings have to bother themselves with the little things of life which ensftge the' attention of ufi smaller people. No doubt Moses snarled and* got ? angry when be had a severe cold in his bead , and if a fly bit his leg whilei lie was in the desert, -why should we istippose he did not Jum jj : and u3e violent . language, and rub tbe 'eore ? place ? Aud Caesar — isn't it tolerably certain he used to become furious when, he/went up stiiirs to get his slippers in the dark, and found - that Calphurnia had stowed them under the . bed so that he h»H ts* cnrAon. arAtinil mifJi n broom-handle. And when Solomon^ cracked' his crazy-bone is it -unreasonable to -suppose that be ran around tbe room and felt as if lie wanted to cry ? I m a g i n e Gep rge 'V^slnnj^t on , , ^ sitting oh the edge of the be&l; and growling at :- 7 Jlartha became the buttog^Wdre pff j or Sto Augustine with an apr6h ! atbiiBf& *his neck having his. hair cut ; or .Toah of Ajfilioldihg her front hair in her month, a^wnrri r*n i$n 'rohntf ' slie fixed np her back hair*;*^ NapS^dn. Jump- ing out of bed in a freoj:y to cnase 'a mos quito around the -room -with ar 'pillow'; or Mtrtin Luther, ill .a night-shirt trying to put the baby to sleep at two o'clock in the morning ; or Alexander the Great with, the hiccoughs ; or Thomas Jefferson getting ?sud- denly -over a fence to avoid a dog; or the Duke of Wellington with the mumps ; 'or Daniel Webster abasing his wife because she hadn't tucked the covers at the foot of the bed ; or Benjamin Franklin paring his- corns1 with a . razor; 01 Jonathan Edwards, at the dinner table, wanting to sneeze ? just as he got his I rn/ttlJli frill U ? £ ? ? . 31- ? . luvuiu luu ui nut uwl; or xNoan etaaaing at; his window at night throwing bricks at a cat, — Max Adder. Advice to Mothers 1 — Are you broken ih your rest by a isick child suffering with the. pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once 'to .a chemist and get a bbttle of Mrfi. WrNSLOW'S Siiothisg Syrup. It will relieve the -poo snfEerer immediately. It is perfectly harm less and pleasant to taste, it prodpoee natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakens ' as bright as a button.'' It sOothes the child, .it. softens the gums, a'lay8 all pain, relieves wind, regalates the bowels, and. is the best known remedy for , dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from « teiething or other cause'. _ Sold every where at Is ljd per bottle. Manufactory, street, London. Knife Poit-h. — Oakey's (London) Wel ixNQToN Kmipb Polish. — Old knives clean constantly vyith tbis preparation bear a brilliancy of po'ish equal to new cntlery. Ab will b« seen by their a-5 vertisenaent in onr columns, ' it can bo nsed with any kind dt . knife-board or k uife-olHanuig -mafthme. To Clean asd Preserve Si'lve . , fe^crato Pmte, &c.;— Oakey's (London) NosMebou iuax Silver smith's S--Ap is guaranteed to ce fiee from mercury or any other injurious in-*. - [ gradients too often used in the manufacture of plate povcJer, and is sold in tablets by s irekeepers generally. ? ? ? Valuable Discovery fob the Haib.— If your liair is' turning. grey;or white, or tailing off, use ' The Mexican, fiair , Eenewer,'' for it iclU positively restore in .every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most ' Res torers.' It. makes the hfcir Charmingly beautiful, as well ab promotes^'hegrowth of the ' b w on bald spots, where -the glands are not decayed. Certificate from Dr. 'Verstnann on every bottle, with full 'particulars. ~ Ask your nearest Chemist for ' The MEXICAN Hair B,enew.er,' . prepared by . ttenry. O. ; GAiMJE' 493 Oxford Street, London, and sold everywhere . at 3s 6d per bottle — [Advt.]' Important tO Engi^eem. A&p; Soirs* (London) Tc.keey, . Emery CLoTfi, ar- particularly, adapted .to the reqniremtints of eng'ne'ri OaKb^ Ann SonS , GtXss Paper i& ( ipressly made for ? cabinet. . . and piano orte - ak^rs. ' each sheet being Stamped and warran'ei. Flo kili.v e. ! —Foe treTaeth andBreath^ — A few drops of the. liquid ' Floriline' sprinkled on a wet tpoth'-Krush .produce a plea-' sant lather, which' thoroushlV cleanses the teeth from all parasiteVor'TmporitieB, hardens the gums, prevents tartsrty stopa &ecay;, gives to the -teeth peculiar pearly- white nessj^and^. de'ightful fragrance to the-breath,. It removs all unpleasant odour, arising from decayed teeth/ or ''tobacco smoke. i ' The Fragrant Floriline,' being cofnpoSed 'in part of honey [ andsweet .herbs, ife delicions to the taste.^ind the groatest toilet discovery 'of. the age.r Sold every where at 2s 6d. Prepared-by -Henry C. Gallup, 493 Oxford-6tfeet, London.— fADVT.^] ? V. Caution 1 — Spurious . Holloway's Pills and Ointment.' — I take leave most respectfully to inform the public of Australia that spurious imitations of my medicines, -emanating- from the United States, and labelled Holloway's Fills'' Gr 'Holloway's Ointment,' London and New York, are being sold in the Australian colonies. I have but one place 'of business, aB at fot, and there only are. my genuine reme dies manufactured \ allow me .then to caution you against being. victimised by unscrupulous vendors, .'honld any peredn be bo' deceived, and will kiudly inform me of the same, 1 will take such steps as will effectually put a stop to bulb luiposiLiun. x icuiaiu, wuu grcui tcspcuw yours faithfully, Thomas Holloway, 533 Oxford-streest. London, January 13 1874— Advt. Berkeley Sept., 1869.—' Gentlemen. I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude or the great benefit I have derived by taking Norton's Camomile- Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for tbe abovej, named Pills, for wiud in the stomach, from which I suffered ^excruciating pain for at length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills, I was quite restored to my usual state of healths Please give this publicity for the benefit of thos# who may thus he afflicted. I am, sir, yours truly Henry Ai.lpass. — To the Proprietors of N©tti tO --'* Oamom.le Pills. Wholesale agents for Queensland, Messrs. Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale druggists. Brisbane. The great source. of disease is seen to reside in the circulating jiuid ; and no medicine that does not act directly upon it, to purify and to renovate, has any iu^t claim upon public atten tion. The Blood 1 The Blood 1 This is the grand point to be considered When the blood becomes lifeless and stagnant, either from, change of weather or of climate, want of exer cise, the nse of a uniform saline diet, or from any other cause, Dr. S. r\ Townsend's Com pound Extract of Sabsaparilla will re new the Blood, carry off the putrid humors^ cleanse tlie stomach, regulate the bowels, and impart a toue of vigor to the whole body; and a most agreeable beverage for hot climates.— [Xdvt]. 