MR. BERRY'S BUDGET. There was a large attendance in the t Legislative Assembly on Tuesday after- a noon, both of.members and the public, 3 to hear Mr. Berry develope his financial h scheme. The speech .the Treasurer o made was remarkable for one thing-its I brevity. He said his say in about an j; hour and a quarter. After a rapid t revision of the:receipts and.expenditure Y for the past three years, Mr. Berry said c he should take the figures subinitted by I Mr. Service as to the probable revenue I and expenditure for the year; but he I proposed to materially modify his pro- , posals for raising the money requisite to c meet the acknowledged deficit of £200,000. He proposed to levy.d land tax, which for the remaining' nine t months of the year would: realise i £150,000; a bank note tax, which would yield £20,000; and a succession duty, from which might be expected £15,000, being a total of£185,000. He intended levying a duty on woolsacks and corn f sacks. A loan would be floated in the i London market for the purpose of com- E pleting public works, but this question ( he did not enter upon at length, as he t considered that it should be dealt with I separately, and upon its merits. The 1 scheme of land taxation, about which so s much had been said as to its busting-up large estates, is by no means so swee- .t ing a proposition as was anticipated., It t proposes that :-" On all lands alienated I in fee from the Crown there shall be i charged yearly in respect of the property 1 thereof for -every £100 of the capital value of such lands the sum of £1 5s., and'in the same proportion forhny frac tional part thereof. That, in, order to ascertain such caliital value such :lands shall be divided into four classes and valued as follows, that is: to say :--First class, £4 per acre ; second class, £3 per acre; third class, £2 'per:.acre; fourth class, £1 acre;-such classification to.be based on the grazing capabilities of such land, and to be estimated'as follows, viz.: -Land capable of carrying two sheep or more to the acre to be included in the first class; land capable of c:Lrrying three sheep to two acres to be included in :the second class ; land capable of carrying one sheep to the acre to be in cluded in the third class; "land not ca pable of carrying one. sheep to the acre to be included in the'fourth class: Pro vided that every owner in fee-simple shall to the extent of land of the value of' £2,500 be exempt from such rate: Provided also, that in levying the said rate or duty. every tenant paying the same shall be entitled to deduct from the next rent due to his landlord the amount so paid,; and all covenants, contracts, or agreements hontrary 'to the true effect: aid intent of this resolution shall be void aid 'of no effect." ' There can be no question , that, Mr. Berry's speech fell flat on the House. It evoked no responsive enthusiasm, and it; ould hiive' bedi surpi'ising if it had, for a more lame and'impotent conclusion after so much preceding fiery declama tion, it is almost impossible to conceive. Even the Age is constrained to conclude an article which was meant to be com inendatory with -these-- apologetic re nmarks: -" The policy which Mr. Berry has propounded is upon the whole wise 'and liberal, and if he has not gone so far in some directions as theLiberal party Smight desire, allowance must 'be made for the:- act that. he has e'ntdredi office during the middle of the session, and that his first task has necessarily been to extinguish the deficit left to him by his predecessors." If this mere ghost of,a policy is endorsed by the .House it will be owing to the fact that there is at pre.. sent no party strong'enough to:under Stake the Government of the country. 