iHistollaiteous (Cleanings. ; (From the Papers.) The ' Hawaiian Gazette ' states that the opera- ration of tracheotomy was performed on the 1st September, by Dr. Trousseau, on a boy of about ten years of age, who was within a hair's breadth of death from acute laryngitis — commonly known as croup. The operation consists in cutting into the throat and relieving the wind pipe of the accumulation of mucus that is strang ling the patient. It was all over in ten minutes and the little fellow, rescued from the jaws of death, is doing well. What a Postmaster is Expected to Read— A letter not enclosed in a envelope, was picked up outside the post office (says the ' Burrangong Chronicle ') during the week, it was addressed to the postmaster, and contained the following words — "Plies odder ish yum letters in ynr officers fur me plies to sand to post officers, Dunne'lig, Victoria." An occurrence took place on the main South ern Line of Railway, recently, which shows how an almost inevitable death had been averted by the presence of mind of the individual concerned. As the up train to Sydney was approaching Petersham station, an intending passenger named Piper, who is engaged at business in one of the city warehouses, attempted' to cross the line, being at the time unaware that the train was so near, or approaching at such high speed as it was. He was between the rails, the train was within a few yards of him, and then he appeared to be terror-stricken and unable to move, but 'the next instant, he threw himself backwards quickly and so cleared himself of the engine which the moment afterwards passed along without inflict-, in'g upon him the slightest injury. The engine driver reported to the Sydney station master that the man had been struck by the engine and immediately after the train had passed, several persons who witnessed the occurrence ran to Mr. Piper's assistance, but much to their surprise, found him uninjured. . These circumstances show how narrow was the escape. — ' Evening Njews.' . . „ In the street of Leicester, one day, Dean Swift Was accosted by a drunken weaver, who stagger ing against him, said, " I have been spinning it out" " Yes," said the Dean, " and now you are reeling it home." The deficiency in the English harvest will be epual to one month's consumption. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh were recently taking a drive close to their Eastwell estate, when, being overtaken by a heavy shower of rain, they knocked at the door of a cottage' which happened to be near, and asked that an umbrella might be lent them. An old lady — of a benevolent, but yet very careful disposition— to whom this application was addressed, and the persons of her illustrious visitors were unknown, replied if they would -promise to bring it back again she would lend them her hop-picking umbrella, but that she could not spare the best. Their Royal Highnesses gave the necessary undertaking, and drove away to Eastwell, where, perhaps, some little amusement was created by a recital of the adventure. The next day the borrowed article was returned, with the Duchess of Edinburgh's compliments, a sovereign, and a pound of good tea. The old lady, it is said, has since stated that, had she known it was the Duchess who had called upon her, she would certainly have lent her -the best umbrella. — ' Standard.' The 'Home News' of August 6th says: — William Price Waghorn, labourer, of Victoria, New South Wales (sic), is entitled to a portion of the estate of the late John Paxton, who died in the November of last year, at Rock House, Boughton Monchelsea, in the country of Kent, and Qhmilrl ?mn1v tn Mr. Or Thnfrhr rv f Dnrfnr'c W..WV..W 7 w Commons, forthwith. We give the above 011 the authority of an advertisement appearing in the daily papers, first of all because Mr. Waghorn is more likely to see the ' Home News ' than either the Times,' ' Telegraph,' or ' Standard,' and secondly to give an instance of the intimate knowledge of Australian geography possessed by people who ought to know better. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the 'Journal des Debats ' says. that there is a great mania for spiritualist manifestations in that city just now, and that the popularity of Home is far exceeded by that which a Frenchman named Brediffe at present enjoys. Home was looked upon as something of a dilettante, for he only held his seances in those houses to which he was an invited guest, whereas, M. Brediffe is always ready to " manifest " at the rate of three roubles . per head to a company not exceeding ten persons. As plenty of people are willing to pay three roubles on the chance of seeing spirits, he does a very flourishing trade. The . correspon dent of the ' Debats 5 says that among the be lievers in M. Brediffe are several professors of: science, one of whom, M. Wagner has published his profession of faith in the last number of the ' European Messenger.' This declaration, ap pearing in a magazine which has so much in fluence in Pussian society, created a great im pression, but so far, only two journals have made any effort to refute M. Wagner's statements. The correspondent adds that, ridiculous as the 1 pretensions of the spiritualists are, it is none the less to be regretted that their doctrines should find acceptance with men of intellect, for it happens that, at this very time, the Government is endeavouring to put down the fortune-tellers, and to root out the popular belief in wood- demons, ghosts, ghouls, etc. The well-wishers of Italy have been somewhat startled by the new Statistics of Education or rather of ignorance. After the census of i860 much discussion ensued. Both in Italy and abroad, it was found hard to believe that, 78 .per cent, of the population — that is, in round num bers, 17,000,000 out of 22,000,000 of Italians — were wholly uneducated. In sending out the results of the census of 1S70, the Government Commissioners have furnished a number of valu able tables, and shown, beyond all cavilling, that the situation is very little improved, notwithstand ing the many praiseworthy efforts which have been made on all hands. By the addition of the Venetian and Roman provinces, the population has risen to 26,801,154, and of these 19,553,792 are unable to read and write '! Seventy-three per cent., then, or three out of every four persons in Italy, are ignorant of the three R's ! In thirty- six out of fifty- six departments, the average ex ceeds 73 per cent., being in some 80 per cent., and in one reaching above 90 per cent. ! As was to be expected most of these provinces belonged to the former possessions of the Holy See, and the kingdom of the Two Sicilies, yet some of them form part of the most civilised portions of Italy. To the surprise of many, it was found that the rich and flourishing city of Milan, with a population of 200,000 contains 45,613 persons who can neither read nor write 1 ,, :-;n It appears from the report of (he trustees of the Astor Library, New York, that the original' endowment of 400,000 dollars (£80,000), given by the late Mr. John Jacob Astor, has increased during twenty-five years by additional donations and investment of income to 773,300 dollars (£154,660), and that the number of volumes in the library has increased during the same period from 20,000 to 1 50,000. The number of readers in 1874 was 41,692, and the number of volumes consulted 127,579. The annual cost of keeping up the library is about .£3000. Lr. Lang made a funny slip recently, at the meeting in connection with the institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, He had risen to propose a vote of thanks to .his Excellency the Governor for his services in the chair, and he commenced—" It is my pleasing duty to propose a toast to" — when he was interrupted by a general laugh. He could not see the joke for a moment or two, but when he did he joined' in the general smiling, and correcting himself, pro posed a vote of thanks. — ' Herald.' The ' Graphic' says : — " One of the Thirty " was the recent title of a book professing to give a history of one of the pieces of silver for which Judas betrayed his Master, but a relic of even greater interest is said to have been bought for £500 by an \merican in Paris — the basin in which Pontius Pilate washed his hands. A country paper exclaims — Lives there a man with soul so dead, Who never to himself has said, I'll pay before I go to bed The debt I owe the printer ? Yes there are some 1 know full well, Who never such a tale did tell, But they I fear will go to — well ! The place where there's no winter. Four hundred thousand pounds for a head off hair is a startler. Our readers do not believe it ? Well, then, they must have a suspicion of the correctness of what appears in the news papers. If we are to believe a paragraph that has gone the rounds of the press, Madame Nilsson possesses a head of hair which she might readily turn into £400,000. According to a medical journal there are from 160,000 to 200,000 hairs in a lady's head. Madame Nilssonpossessesasplendidheadof hair, and pro bably has the full compliment of individual hairs. We are informed by the same journal that the gifted Nilsson sold a hair from her head for £2, and that in a-few moments the Swedish songstress was surrounded by admirers anxious to buy a hair at the same rate. The sale took place at a fancy fair in New York, and, we are glad to find, in the cause of charity. Just imagine the number of charitable institutions that might be established if the 200,000 hairs were sold at the same rate. A valuable natural head dress truly. The inquiry at Melbourne into the wreck of the Flying Squirrel on King's Island has been concluded. The master is acquitted of all blame, as the rock upon which the vessel struck has not been laid down on the Admiralty charts. 