Local and General News. WEATHER.— During the past week, the weather has been exceedingly changeable — cold and mizzling rain one day, and hot the next. Wednesday was a very bleak day, and two or three slight showers felt in the even- ing, which we thought would merge into a heavy downpour. On Thursday, also, the clouds looked as though they were going to belch forth their much required contents; but yesterday (Friday) the sun rose bright and warm, as if to contradict the ...gury we had derived previously from the sky. We have only to repeat that grass and water are getting scarcer every day. At nightfall in thunderstorm came on, and was shortly suc- ceeded by a most delightful and hope inspir- ing rain, which lasted for some time, and half filled the gutter. At midnight, the sky was quite black, indicating, we think, more rain. NEW SOUTH WALES POSTAL GUIDE.— This is a very useful guide, kindly lent to us by our much esteemed Postmaster, mr. Nesbitt. It contains Postal, Money Order, Savings Bank, and Telegraphic information. It is published quarterly. There is a table of arrival and despatch of English mails, via San Francisco; also via Melbourne and Galle, and Brisbane and Torres Straits. There is also a compendious table relative to the dis- patch and arrival of Inland mails: also nots on prepayment of postage, exemption from postage, re-directed letters, &c.; regis- tration of leters, and late letters. The work also gives all necessary information about Money Orders, savings banks, and Tele- graphy, and the Railways. MARKETS.— Henceforward, we will publish in Saturday's issue of the Argus, the prices of all descriptions of produce, as well as the local mill prices for flour, pollard, bran, &c.; Stock reports obtained direct from the auctioneers offices, will likewise be published. In the future farmers and others may rely upon the Argus weekly furnishing them with accurate market reports. DISEASES IN SHEEP ACT.— Owners com- peternt to vote for the election of Directors for the several sheep districts, are to meet on the 4th February next for the purpose of electing such directors. ACCIDENT.— On Tuesday last as Mr. John Elliott was undermining a block of coal, weighing several hundred pounds, in one of the shafts, at Rix's Creek, the mass fell, and in it descent grazed his nose, tore one of his hands, and struck his left thigh, disabling his left leg. Mr. Elliott is still very lame, but, is thankful that the injuries were no severer than to cause him a few day's pain and inconvenience. ALMANAC.— The Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society's almanac has been handed to us by the Singleton agent — Mr. A. J. Gould. The advertisement on the almanac states that the Society was estab- lished in the year 1797. A drawing of Norwich Cathedral, in the form of a cross, and having a tall steeple, surrounded by trees and shrubberry, occupies the centre of the almanac. Of course the months and important events are at the foot. AUCTION SALES:— We have to call public attention to Mr. J. P. Quinn's sale on Tuesday next al the Royal Hotel, of several valuable freehold properties in the town of Singleton, and of a parcel of land with an eight-room cottage thereupon, situated in the township of Broke. We also draw the attention of householders and furniture buyers to the sale of furniture, by Mr. J. W. Campbell, at the "Gold Digger's" Arms, Warkworth, this day at noon. The attention of capitalists, specu- lators, and farmers, is directed to the sale by Messrs. H. and F. Weaver, at the Royal Hotel, Singleton, this day, of valuable and choice grazing and agricultural farms about 3300 acres, part of the Ravensworth estate. NEW BUILDINGS: We notice that there are a couple of very neat cottage residences being built in the outskirts, also that Mr. McMahon's addition of four comfortable rooms to his "Red Lion" Inn, is nearly completed. CAMBERWELL.— In answer to a letter from this place, complaining of an irregularity in the arrival of the Argus, we have to state that all the papers are correctly addressed, and duly posted. We think we have made arrangements that will effectually prevent any further errors or detention in the trans- mission of the papers. LAND OFFICES.— There were no con- ditional purchases made or selections taken up during the past fortnight. MEASLES AND SCARLETINAN.— We regret to state that many of the children in Single- ton are suffering from these diseases. We hope under medical treatment, the little ones will soon recover their wonted health. BLOOD STALLION:— Mr. J. W. Campbell has recently purchased a splendid blood horse from Mr. Charles Baldwin, of Manilla. his color is black with a slight intermixture of grey, his age is six years, and his height 15 hands 3 inches. He is deep in the chest, and has broad shoulders, and an excellent quarter: he is also well set on his plus which taper off towards the fetlocks. His sire is Yelvertin, and his dam Lavalette. LITERALLY AND MUSICAL ENTERTAIN- MENT.— The first of these treats under the auspices of the New Committee, was held in the upper room of the Mechanic's Institute, on Thursday night. The president — Mr. A. J. Gould occupied the chair, and after an exceedingly well-rendered overture by six or seven violinists, the chairman introduced Dr. Glennie, who read a piece entitled "Ilt- used." The venerable doctor was loudly applauded on his retirement. Mr. D. McNamarra then sang with great expression "Happy be thy Dreams." His song was much appreciated. A ghost story was then read by Mr. Gould. Mr. H. Linchin followed with a ............gnated "Nil Desperandum." Mr. D. McNamarra followed (accompanied by Miss O'Carroll on the piano) with a most brilliant conceptions, and ............. ¶ with a reading. Mr. ........ read a humorous selection from Pickwick, which greatly excited the .................. The performance concluded with a duet from Mr. McNamarra and Miss O'Carroll. The interest of the ............. was centred in the music and the singing, both of which were well rendered. Some of the readers skimmed over some of the punctuatio marks as though they were of no value; and even words, upon which the whole sense of the sentence depended, were not at all emphasized. no attention was paid to the modulation of the voice and consequently the readings were exceedingly infelicitous. We make this brief comment from a friendly desire to see the readers study and improve their articulation, gesture and delivery. We would remind all who desire to attain a high standard in oratory, that it is a sine qua oon that they should first become good readers. We know that the excellence admonition.— Linguana c............................. virtus cat.¶ .... There were about 170 persons present. FATAL EFFECTS OF PLEURO PNEU- MONIA:— We ............... having to ............ the death from this disease of a ......... young man named Mr. .......... He lived at Camberwell, and was in Singleton in the early part of last week. He died two days after his return home. He was only twenty one years of age. 