TITTLE TATTLE. Br OUR Own TATTLER. If there's a lihole in a' your coat I redo ye tent it A chiicl's mang ye taking notes And faith hell prent it. lURs,. XLIX. More wife-beating ! The much better half of a publican named Orr is the latest victim. This unhappy woman appeared at the City Police Court on Wednesday in sup- port of an information, laid by her against her husband. From her evidence, which was not denied, she had been subject to years of brutal violence at the hands of her lord and master, culminating, a day or two previous to her appearance in court, in a more than usually unmanly attack. The poor woman prayed for protection. She begged for separation. She would not, could not live with her brutal drunken hus- band any longer. Some little protection it was in the power of the Court to grant her, but, as for separation, the arm of the law was powerless. Taking the wife's own ac- count, all that the husband did was to get occasionally drunk, and to beat her a good deal, and frighten her a great deal more, and in those connubial privileges husbands are lawfully permitted to indulge; One is thus left to ruminate at leisure upon all the misery a woman has to endure, chained for life in the closest companionship, with a man whom she must loathe and despise. I could not help thinking while in court, what a nice sequel would be the report of such a case as that of Orr's to the three-volume novel end- ing with the dashing marriage of the couple who fell in love off hand on the first intro- duction, without the hero knowing the heroine's temper or the girl learning her suitor's weakness. The law is quite right, of course. Marriage ought not to be dis- solved—separation ought not to be granted —because the husband gets tipsy, and knocks, kicks, and otherwise illtreats his defence Iess wife. Such a facility would encourage hasty, ill-assorted unions, and the proper course is to frown upon them. That was sound advice Archbishop Whately gave to his son, never to get engaged to a girl for twelve mouths after he had been jilted by another. L. I ai not so deficient a musician as the man who only knew two tunes, one of which was " God Save the Queen," and the other was'nt. But, like the officer who only re cognised the National Anthem as the gene ral salute, I have no memory for an air unless it is impressed upon my mind by some impressive sight accompanying it, or by some strong feeling. I conclude, there fore, that my musical attainments must he very limited. The churchwardens of St. George's Cathedral had, therefore, better be guided by more musical ears than my own in trying to improve the acoustics of that much attusce structure. It is here, however, that they will find the greatest difficulty. Critics seem to be by no means agreed as to wha?t they want or what they have already got in the building One gentleman stoutly maintains that if the cathedral is not a suc cess of sonority, it is a decided improve. ment upon the Town Hall. Anoth.lr says the acoustic properties of the church are good enough for the clergymtn, but as to the singers, the result is simply disastrous. One w.ants the cathedral ceiled, another thinks a ceiling would be detrimental to mus!'cal effects. And there is a prejudlice against ceiling places of worship. So thinks the D)can. Thle members of the C:mrch of England in Perth are, as a rule, fond of music, andi it is much. to be regretted if something cannot be done, before the long expected organ arrives, to render the public services of the cathedral more cheerful an I attractive, particularly as regards the choral portion of the service. As Mr. Stone re. marketd, the acoustic properties of the build ing are good enough so tar us the clergyman is concerned, but the result, so far as the s:nging is effect, d, is most unsatisfactory. Whoever ihas the ordering of this matter should tnt forget that however desirable it is that the sermon should be heard, " music hath charms "-to a large number of church-going p-opl.-a-gainst which prose and preaching have not the ghost of a chance. LM. The following remarks on newspaper bores, from a contemporary,-Yankre, of course-are so pertinent that I would ask you as a favor to give them in theiroentirely, and commend them to the people who are so fond of rushing into a newspaper office with a request to '" keep thulir namles cut of print." Your contemporary appears to have been bred almnost to death by thel daily procession of chaps who marchedl into the editorial roiom, just after the atjoturnments of the police c'urt, with a plaintive petition to omit their names out of their reports, or, otherwise, to fazshion the police records as to sfften the character of the offence or'pena!ty inflicted. 'This sort ofthing I believe, is not unknown in this colony. and I shou!ld advise yun and your brother Editors, with the view of abating thle nuisance, to adopt the western style of corrections of nhich your contem. porary ab'uve alluded to gives the following examples :-' CoREcrTos. Tse Mr. Snoezer, arrestcI for being drunk in the streets. is not Mr. Snoozer, the fish-pedlar: Thie latter gentleman gets drunk in his own house, believing thtat intoxication, like charity, begins at home--NOT THE IAN : ilhe name of Mr. U. No appeared in the Police Court yestertlday, charged with stealing a haly waggon. This is not Mr. U. No, our well-known bridgetender. lIe wouldn't stoop steal a baby-waggon, though it wouldn't he safe to leave a circust chariot or a freight train laying around where hie could get his ilatndsl on it-A?X?N; E IIONOURABmLE: Our columns yesterday contained an account of the elopement ofa gay Lothnrio of this town named Stiggins withl the wife of a well-to-do intrmer ina neighboring county. Andi now comes Stiggins, tihe plasterer, to say it isn't himi. Stitgins' wife is sitting in a buggy in front of our ollice, and, after a cursory glance at her, we are preparedl to say that we woul,:u't blame Stiggins if hlie did run away. She muist be livingand constant provocaton to skedaddle. All right, Stig; it is another man this time, but if you get a chance to elope with a good-looking woman, our advice is to 'git.'--GItV: TuE )E?VI irs DUE.--Plguguglie, who runs a saloon on the tow-path, called tlhis morning to say that li he is not the Plguuglie who Ic.et andl robbed a countryman at a late hour Wed nt'sday night. We arebound to believe him, but at tile samne time we imut s:y tlhat we wnuldn't like to encounter this particular Pluguglle alone at a late hour of the niglht withl any valuables about us. If robbcry, murder, andt sudden death are not written on his counitnance, we don't want a cent," LII. Can nothing be done to provide our young people with innocent amusements- some thing better than haunting the public-house and billiard-room. This is a di sidcratnm felt as much in Perth or Fremantlc as at the most remote and sequestered township in the country. In the matter of amusement the City and the Port suffer to a similar degree with the most melancholy, deal and-alive hole in the colony,'say the Vasse, Pinjarrah, or Wanneroo. A celebrated French writer once said that we, Britons, " take our pleasure sadly." Possibly so. But in this colony we are deprived of even so en joying ourselves. Our public holidays are frequently regarded as a bore by a large ecetin of the population, just for the want of knowing how to pass them away. But the deficiency of rational amusement is most felt in the evenings of ordinary work-days. Young men especially suffer. Thrown on their own resources after their day's work is done-many of them, living in lodgings, more or less romlfortable, many more whose homes afford no attnaction or a refnining in. Iluence-haunt the public-house and billiard room, to say nothing of worse places. simply fo: want of a better means of passing the time. It asudden light could be cast upon Perth or Fremantle, some evening, which would reveal the actal immorality that was going on I fancy it would rather nstnish those good folks who cover vice over and by whom iti~smothered Thercare our libraries, and our literary assnoiations, it is true;; but, however lamentable,. it is ievertheless a fact that the mass of young men, after their day's work is over, prefer amusement to study, and, if they cannot get good amuse mcnt provided them, find bad for themselves. And they have a marvellous knack of dis covering it in all sorts of nooks and corners. Hence it is an importnt problem-how to provide them. with intelligent recreation. Can you solve it ? Will no one attempt to do so? 