BAITING FOR BOOBIES. (from the examiner.) We are most of us struck with surprise at the credulity of the greenhorn who is inveigled into a skittle-alley and a beershop, and who is finally induced to part with a large amount of hard cash, in order to show his confidence in a gentle man who disappears round the corner, for ever, with tlie money. We quote the- proverb—a fool and his purse soon parted—and wo derive a peculiar satisfaction from the / feeling that it would be very difficult indeed tó take us in with shallow tricks and devices. Wc are inclined to speculate upon what manner of traveller lie may be who requires to'be warned and cautioned against gangs of card-sharpers, who are known to fleece unwary persons in railway carriages. We have probably never encountered swindlers of this quality, and we are sure that if we had they would never have succeeded in making as much as a shilling while in our society. We should, however, bear in mind that the cunning fellows who live by th&ir; wits are quite content to hunt down their natural quarry. They sel dom fly at high game such as is the natural prey of superior practitions. They study the haunts of Tom Bobbin come to town, who may bo seen occasionally in our thoroughfares on tho broad grin, with such a leer as George Cruikshank drew for books when Pierce Lgan wrote his in structive history of Tom, Jerry, and Bob Logic. We do not intend, however, to dwell upon tho clumsy operations of the ordinary street sharper. Taking a survey of some of the superior branchos of the calliug, we may pick out a few interesting particulars and details. Let us glance, for instance, at the established literature of cozen ing. We have only to look through certain columns of our morning papers to perceive many attempts at obtaining money, which are almost stupidly because ao obviously roguish. Several we may even recognise as having been exposed, the whole bag of tricks having been open and exhibited before a police-court or tho Quarter Sessions, and yet tho promoters have scarce had time to allow their hair to grow boyond the prison length when thay aro at the dodge and nohenie again. They will tell you how to secure an income of £400 ; they have a diamond ring in pawn worth £'80, and you shall have tho ticket for £30 ; they have an invention warran ted to represent the possibility of wealth boyond the dreams of avarice, and then ask you to sup ply the preliminary expenses and working capi tal. These announcements would not appear unless they were attended to. Tho anglers for boobies cannot afford to fling away a ground baity. They may have to wait a considerable period for a victim, but when ho is hookéd and landed their unholy joy at tho capture must, be at least equal to tho guadia ccrtiminis which, we" are informed, the sportsman experiences when, he bags a bird. Of course there are masters and apprentices at tho craft. It is not difficult to distinguish the degrees both of skill and effi cieny of the advertising Cartouches. : That the; occupation is not a very hazardous one, we may judge from the fact of tlic few of these gentry, comparatively speaking, who are pulled up and brought to trial. As a career, swindling through the medium of the Press ami the post, employ ing for the purpose two .'agencies which civiliza tion regards amongst its rarest triumphs, must possess a profound fascination for those who adopt it. It may be carried on so completely, as it" were, .'in-kid gloves, and be kept altogether intact from the vulgar associations or accidents' to which, for instance,-the personal presentation of a begging-lettér is liable. . . " : ... -, Besides the rogues who would give us 110 value for our money, -vse are bound to take into account the great host' of public benefactors who cannot be fairly classified with pickpockets. We have no tase, no vanity, no weakness, no ac complishment, no. ailment, no disfigurement, which in our day cannot ; be satisfied, ' tickled, encouraged, cured or corrected. Dr. Wolcót, in one of Iiis Pindaries, describes a quack selling a pill which he warrants will enable a peasant to find a jackass which lie liad lost. : We may de tect pills and similar • ware3 vouched for with equal confidence, their therapeutic qualities being recommended as infallible for every ill or trouble to which flesh could be heir. It is not strange that the average sense of the community is not as yet sufficiently educated to disbelieve assurances which ought to be regarded as insult ing addressed to any creature with a capacity above that of a born idiot 1 This is something called the. ago of scepticism, but against the critical spirit there is a balance of credulity and superstition of which Sludge the Medium and a thousand others know how to avail themselves. The sceptical or critical temperament is only to be found amongst an exceedingly limited section of the community. A few monthis ago a child's caul was advertised for sale in either the Stan dard or Telegraph. Fortune-telling is still car ried on, and within the last fortnight a tale of a rural Meli White was extracted from the pro vincial journals, which would have'eaused Addi son to smile as lie did at the poor witch on Sir Roger de Coverley's estate. But we need not multiply instances of gobemouche folly in this direction. We can seo it on all sides of us. The marvellous lias still its attractions for the multi tude, as it has for children. A 1110b collects around a housa in Chelsea, in which a ghost is reported to have walked, as the phrase is. A crowd gathers and waits for hours, fascinated by the same rumor coupled with an old mansion in Westminister. Police magistrates express their surprise and amazement at this state of things, but perhaps do not think it wonderful that ladies and gentlemen at the West-end should pay a couple of guineas for the privilege of as sisting at a dark seance. 