NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The foundation stone of a new Congregational Church at Point Piper Road, Woollahra, was, on Saturday, laid by the Hon. John Fairfax. A large number of visitors at- tended at the ceremony, including ministers of various de- nominations, and many citizens of note. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Mr. Sunderland engaging in prayer. Portions of Scripture having been read by the Rev. Mr. Kirby, a hymn suitable to the occasion was sung. Then followed an address from the Rev. Mr. Fraser, M.A, and prayer led by the Rev. John Graham. Mr. Green, secretary, read a statement to be laid under the foundation stone in a glass jar, together with a copy of the Congre- gational Year Book, a programme of the meeting, and copies ef the Herald and Sydney Mail , and New South Wales Independent. The architect was Mr. B. Backhouse; the contractors for the mason work were Messrs. John and Lane Sharp; and for the finishing trades, Messrs. Armitage and Harris. Mrs. Fraser, (wife of the minister of the church) then presented to Mr. John Fairfax, on behalf of the congregation, a beautiful silver trowel, on which was engraved, besides a suitable inscription, a representation off . the church as it will be when completed, together with a neat mallet of myall wood, inlaid with silver. She said, ' My dear Mr. Fairfax, you are invited to lay this stone, because you were my husband's first friend in the colony.' Mr. Fairfax declared the stone to be well and truly laid, to the honour and glory of the true Jehovah, the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. In the course of some remarks on topics connected with the history of the Church in this locality, Mr. Fairfax gave interesting reminiscences, of ministers who had laboured there, and then gave a lucid statement of the religious tenets of the Congregational Church. In concluding, he stated that the land on which they stood was a freehold, and was purchased for £400 by several gentlemen, and had been generously and nobly pre- sented as a free gift. The contract for the stonework £1671, and that for the finishing trades £2026. Toward the building, before its commencement, £1300 was sub- scribed. The balance of £2300 remains to raised. Money was then laid on the stone to the amount of £247. 14s.1d. Another hymn was sung, and the proceedings were brought to a close with the benediction, pronounced by Dr. Barry. The church is designed after the Early English period of Gothic architecture, and is arranged to occupy an irregular- shaped piece of ground, which tapers to a point at the junction of Point Piper Road and Moncur street. At this point, iron entrance gates are to be placed in a dwarf stone wall enclosing the grounds which lead to the main entrances of the building. These are approached by a bold flight of steps and through an arcaded entrance right and left to the aide aisles. There are also to be two other entrances in the transept gables. The tower will occupy the internal angle formed by the nave and transept facing Point Piper Road, and will be 120 feet high from the ground to the top of the vane. At the end of the church, opposite the main entrances, there will be a well-designed platform and pulpit with choir seats at a lower level, but above the main floor at each side and an organ chamber above and at the rear of the platform, directly facing the congregation. Under this chamber is the vestry, approached from without as well as from the body of the church. The sizes overall are as follows ; — From front to back, 97 feet ; from out doors of transepts, 75 feet ; nave, 36 feet ; height from floor to apex of roof, 43 feet. Accommodation will be afforded for 650 worshippers. The part now being erected will be made to hold 400, and by an especial arrangement there will be no sign of its incompleteness; nor will there be the least difficulty hereafter in completing in accordance with the chosen design. The material being used for the walls is a very beautiful clear white freestone of evident durable quality. The roof is to be open, timbered and slated. The exterior view indicates a structure somewhat massive and chaste in design ; the angles are well accentuated by massive buttresses, terminating in turrets above the roof. This design was chosen in a public competition. NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, POINT PIPER ROAD, WOOLLAHRA. 