MALE CHIGNONS. Thetheory that women are intended by Natorefor work and men for play has been acted upon by tlie barbarians of every quarter of the globe. As a rule, however, even where the women were most fully~ re cognised as the toilers and bread-winners of the family, they retained some share of the especial privileges and amusements in which the sex delights, and amongst others those attentions to the toilette, perhaps the most cherished of which is plaiting the hair. /h. sort of cosmopolitan instinct seems to have led the nations to admit the force of St. Paul's assertion that long hair, which is a glory to the weaker sex, is a re 5, proach to the stronger. It was reserved for ' the inhabitants of the sacred isle of ionga Tabou to reverse the usual practice, and to arrogate to the husbands not only the luxury of -ease and idleness, but the^ possession or chignons and chevelures, while the unfor tunate wives, toiling in ignominious sub lection, are deprive! even of the meagre consolation to he derived from ahead-dress, and go about their work close-cropped like boys. Their elegant and accomplished sons, brothers, and husbands meanwhile are not content with the mere braiding and plaiting of t&eir; locks, but have long since got to tb^t advanced state of their coiffeur's art which necessitates the use of dye. It seems that the fashionable colors just now in rTonga Tabou are auburn and pure white, for which hues their naturally jet-black hair is quickly exchanged by the use of a dye rivalling in its potency the most famous queazrde vaeke of the Parisian merveillmses. So much at least is admitted by the corres pondent of a Paris paper, who adds a de scription of one of the leading beaux of the island. This was the son of a friendly 'chief, aged 18, whose <£ coquetterie" must have been well suited to his "charming features, lively and brilliant eyes, lips moist and fresh, a warm and golden complexion, and an expression almost babyish," the whole set off a with a frame by long white hair worthy of a dowager.—The Globe. Sixteen years ago (says an American paper} Tom Kenyan went to Kansas City with a cent, and the other day he signed a j cheque for ten thousand dollars. He signed with another man's name, however. An Irish sailor visited a city, where he said they copper-bottomed the tops of their houses with sheet-lead. Perhaps it was the same man who saw a white blackbird sitting on a wooden mile-stone, eating a red blackberry. A married lady was complaining to a widow of her husband s cruel slanders upon her, when the widow grimly replied, " I've had three husbands, and not one of 'em lives to say a word against me. Dead hus bands tell no tales." When they want to find, out ill the country if a girl is courting or not, an old lady steps in and remarks, " I say! there ain t no one sick in this house or nothin', is there f I seen a light burnin' nigh on to ' twelve o'clock last night, but I don't smell no camphor nor nothin' round." A forty-day husband, or whom the memory of the honey-moon already seems to have become powerless, wants to know why his wife is like a small pie. Do you give it up ?—Answer: " Because," says the unfeeling wretch," she is now a little tart!" I A " Big Injin" strayed away from his! camp and got lost. Inquiring the way back,! he was asked if he was lost. " No," said he, disdainfully, "Indian no lost 5 wigwam -lost !" Striking Jiis. breast he exclaimed, " Indian here!" " I say, Sambo, can you answer me this conunder/tiia P Suppose I gib you a bottle of whisky corked—shut wid a cork—how would you get de whisky out widout pullin' de cork or breakin' de bottle?" "I gibs dat up." "Why, push de cork in—yall! yah!" An Irish peasant being asked why he permitted his pig to take up its quarters with his family, made an answer aboudisog with satirical naivete ; u Why not ? Doesn't the place afford every -convanience that a pig can require -biography of Robespierre, published in a late Irish paper, concludes with the following remarkable sentence: " This extraordinary man left no children behind him except his brother, who was killed at the same time." A man, praising porter, said it was so excellent a beverage that, though taken in great quantities, it always made him fat. "I have seen the time," said another, " when it made you lean." " When ? I should be glad to know," inquired the .eulogist- " Why, no longer ago than last ■nigVit-,—against a wall 1" A little giii was told to spell ferment, and give the meaning, with a sentence in which it was used, the following was literally her answer :—" F-e-r-m-e- n-t, a verb, signifying work 5 I love to ferment in the garden." The latest instance of like curing 'like is the announcement by a Western veterinary surgeon that "brandy is a remedy for the staggers." v " Jfever'inarry for wealth, my son, but only for love," said a noble-minded father; " but then bear in mind that it is just as easy to love a girl that is worth a million as one that isn't worth a penny." A lady asked a sailor whom she met why a ship was called " she." The son of Nep- j time replied that it was " because the rig- j ging cost more than the halL" " Tliree-and-eixpence per gal.!" exclaimed : Mrs. Partington, looking over the price Current. " Why, bless jne; what is the world coming to, when the gals are valued at only three-asad-sixpence a piece." A plan for curing drunkenness proposed by Mr. Gladstone has just gone into effect at Liverpool, and now a Hist of the public drunkards is published in all the daily papers tevery Monday morning. iC Ererything goes wrong,'' said an Illi nois farmer, wiping his eyes. " The grass hoppers cum, the hired man broke his leg, the bam burned, and I've rid for three days and can t find a woman who wants ito marry." A man sticks at nothing when he tries to stab a ghost. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Common sen e, ever the best of all learning-, -becomes invaluable when its practice will renovate broken health and reinstate sound ness, strength, and vig< r. Summer is the £$ason for removing coughs, shortness of tstdath, wheezing, rsthma, and all pul monary diseases inflicted on the delicate and careless by our rigorous winters, and Holloways remedies are the means of effecting a happy transition from danger to safety. After the harassed chest has been fomentedwith sea-water, or weak brine, and dried, this Ointment should be well rubbed into the sldu, both in front and behind, between tie blade-bones, liolloway's Pills 