THE ALBERT BANNER ROBERT AtNShEIQH. CllAPTKJ; XLV1. t «I:<;AI\ MY ijhkktv, ny thi: aithor op : i Lady AmHoS* ttwf," Floyd," ,(•<•.. rfv Theiu: now remained no impediment to my union with Margery, urn! I was desirous that Die ceremony should be performed without delay. We ave already in December, and to keep with'm the bounds of my leave ofabsence i must certainly fail in January; and in delaying so long as tins I ventured to make sure «f« semi months' passage, on my return to Bengal as well as on my ] mine ward voyage— a second stroke of good luck which might not befall me ; indeed, sailing, as I must do, in the dead of the -winter, the clianees wen? strongly against me. 1 explained this to Margery, and urged upon her the necessity of despatch, I begged her to write to her father, asking him to briug his wife to London at once, to will)ess their daughters wedding. "'We will be married on Christmas Eve, Madge, if you like." 1 said ; it is a holy day, and the ceremony thai is to bind us for life will swm all the more solemn on such a vigil." " The ceremony that binds us for life, Robert," sin repeated with singular gravity; " have you considered 1 what that means f u Yes, dearest, as completely as I have considered the value of the prize I am to gain by that ceremony." " Tiii' prize !" she cried, bursting into tears. "Oh! Robert, have you forgotten the night you spumed me from you in the house by the Fleet Prison f "For God's sake, do not remind mo of that I" 1 exclaimed, stung to the quick by the allusion. " If we were man and wife, Robert, do you think it would never come kick to your mind f It would, and you would hate me." " Margery," I said earnestly, " let all the circumstances of that horrid night he blotted from your memory, as they have long been from mine,. Sure, my love, from the hour when, as cliildren, more innocent than the birds in the woodland, we talked of mating, Fate must luive designed tliat you and I should be united ; for see how strangely our destiny has brought us together at the end !" " Ah, Robert.' but if it were not for thy happiness we should come together: if " 44 Nay, Margery." said I, " there is but one subject you ever speak of that can make lue angrv, and have you hit upon that to-night." 4< I will say no more, but oh ! Robert, there arc doubts that gnaw the heart ' 1 I was silent Disputes of this kind were beyond measure galling ; but Margery left me no leisure to chow the cud of my vexation. She had taken up her guitar next minute, and was singing me Rosalind's ditty with her full fresh voice: and after that she told me a story of < Jarrick, mimicking the bashaw of Drury Lane to the life. I made all necessary atmngements for our wedding on Christmas Eve. We were to be married at Margery's lodgings, in the evening; and Captain liriggs, who was home again, and full of concern for all I had suffered during his absence, }0 be my best man. "3 must needs be uncommonly fond of you, Bob," lie said, " to accept such an office, for it is like signing my own dcath-waiTaut. Sure, I would give twenty years of my life, were the sum of my future existence but fiveaud-twenty, to stand in your shoes on Christmas Eve." It was in vain that I urged my wishes with reference to Lady Barbara's will upon Air. Swinien. He absolutely refused to have any hand in the fabrication of a codicil, and protested against so great a folly as the endeavour to impose upon Lady Lestraugc's good sense by so shallow a fiction. Without his aid I felt powerless to act, Since Dora knew him to be concerned in my interests, and would hardly be inclined to accept any document as genuine, that should be unsupported by him. I was therefore reduced to the miserable necessity of knowingher impoverished by my good fortune, and must either remain in active, or run the risk of revealing myself as her would-be benefactor. This hazard I could not bear to encounter, To my mind, she appeared so lofty and divine a creature, that I shrank with horror from the notion of bringing her down to the vulgar level of a pecuniary transaction. " I wonder that you give yourself so much concern upon this matter," Mr, Swinfcn said rather impatiently, when I had: been vainly endeavouring to alter his resolution, "and I think you pay a very ill compliment to Mrs. Hunter, your wife that is to he, by this eagerness to make away with your fortune for the benefit of another lady. Sir Everard Lostrange's widow has frieuds of hot own family, and they no doubt will he quite as ready as yourself to come to the rescue. She has already left St. James's Square, aud has taken AND WOPONGA EXPRESS, up horabodo at Higligaio, with her aunt, a Mrs. Joshua Hemsloy, the widow of a wealthy merchant No doubt she can have a home* there for life, if she pleases. But I daresay she'll . many again before next midsummer." I left Mr. Swinfen's office in much trouble of mind, and having no better occupation for that evening, which was the penultimate night of Mrs. Hunter's duuiuitic career—she was to take her farewell of the public on tho next—1 walked out to Higligsto by way of calming my spirits, and took the trouble to inquire for Mrs. Homsley's house, at au inn, where I refreshed myself with a glass of white wine. The tapster directed me to a row of handsome houses oil tho bi\nv of the hill, the first of which, on the London side, was Mrs. Hemsley's. It was a square red brick mansion, large and imposing, with a fine lantern in the root'—a house which 1 afterwards ascertained had been built by a son-in-law of Oliver ('mm well. On this moonlit December night there was no sign of human life to be seen upon the stately fsu-ade of the mansion—no lighted window—no open door with a trim maid or a pompous iootiuan peering from it. All was was dark and silent. I paced the road for about an hour, thinking of her who dwelt within that sombre liabitatioii, speculating— alas! how idly—ou what her life might be in the days to come, when I was on the distant shore of tho Indian Ocean. St Paul's sonorous chimes sounded the hour of ten before I turned my hack upon the house aud walked down the hill towaixls the city. I was too much out of tune to see Margery that evening, though I had lialf promised to sup with her after the play, so I wandered on without thinking where I was going, uutil I strayed so far eastward as to lose myself in a labyrinthine neighborhood close to the docks —that strange semi-marine world whicli appears to have no characteristic in common with the rest of the Citv. The tall spars, which rose like a forest of timber against a sky of deepest indigo, under the full round moon, seemed verily to have brought with them the odour and breath of the sea. Here I wandered till late in the night, doing battle with my rebellious soul; ami having succeeded at last in thoroughly wearing out mind aud body I went back to my chambers, somewliat calmer and less depressed than when I left them. The next night was JLirgery's triumph; and rarely, I conceive, has so intoxicating an ovation rewarded the labours of genius ns that with which the public greeted Mrs. Hunter at the close of this farewell performance, when the curtain having Mien ou Rowco and Juliet, she came forward, aud with a most touching air of humility aud gratitude, delivered a brief valedictory address which Mr, Garrick had been so obliging as to compose for her. The theatre rang with a universal thunder of applause : and I was especially glad of this enthusiasm on the part of the public, as Jack Hawker and his wife, wJio had come to London that day, were among the audience. These simple creatures were seated with me in a side-box which I had hired for the occasion and never did 1 see so genuine a rapture as tliat with which my foster-father shared the triumph of his child. The poor mother sat in silence, throughout the play, weeping copiously in a corner of the box when the lovers' t roubles thickened; but Jack never left his seat in the front, whence he surveyed the stage aud audience with a mdiaut countenance. And he afterwards informed me that it was with some difficulty he restrained himself from crying out, " Beau't she a beautiful crcetur ! and she bo mv darter, ladies aud gentlemen,"—an adwhich I tlunk would liave produced an original effect upon that fashionable assembly, His indignation against C'apulet knew no bounds; and he also told me, in the same confidcnce, that he had much ado to refrain from pitching his stick at that " hoary old villain." " Why, Robin,'" he exclaimed, " I never knowed that play-actiu' wur like this here, and tliat I should see my darter in a house that's as fine as the King's palace, with all these fine folks goin mad about her. There bean't a prouder father 1 in London than John Hawker this night. God bless her! Robin ; she's the beautifullest creeturthat ever walked upon this earth; and to think that we've been parted all these years!" We, were all to sup together m Surry Street and never can I forget the joyful tenderness with which the father embraced his child when we all met in Margery's parlour. " I forgive thee everything, thou dear vagabond," cried Jack, " for the sake of to-night. Eh, but thou hast made thy old father proud. To see the ladies aud gentleman clapping and waving their pocket-handkerchiefs like mad; and yet so quiet, you might liave thought 'em all turned into stone, when yon and the young gentleman was in trouble. But, Lord save ue! how pale thou art, child; art sure thee didst not swallow any of the p'ison V " Bear father," cried Madge, laughing, « it was an empty bottle." "Lord save us! Well I thought thoyd have real p'ison, aud that you'd only makc-bolievfl to drink it." " It was all mako-boliovo, dear Hatte. But f am so glad you and my mothor wore pleased," " "i'was downright moltiug, Maigwy," sa^ the mother; and 'twas so life-like, that w!!T / the, young gentleman <( dragged thoo out of th6 tomb, I thought thou wort dead in rail earnest and I should never hear thy sweet voico again. I was all of a tremble till you come in front of tliat grocn blind aud spoke to the people, I should never like to see thee do that again— it was too rail." £ " You are not likely to see it again, dear-" mother, I have trodden those boards for the last time." She elided this speech with a faint eigh, expressive of a regret which, I doubt not, is natural to all who have once tasted the firewater of public applause, on setting aside the intoxicating cup for ever. But whatever sadness this thought might have caused seemed transient, and until tho close of that mooting, Margery was at her brightest—full of playful tenderness for her parents, and of consideration for me.. If 1 could have found fault with her for any ivasou it would have been tliat her gaiety was somewhat wilder thau I should have cared to have seen it, and that in the abandonment of her mirth there was something of that recklessness which prejudice has been so apt to charge upon her profession. But a man must have had the saturnine humor of ray Lord Chesterfield—yrho, in his recently published letters to his son, thanks God that ho has never laughed sinee he attained years of discretion— to disapprove of manners that were so full of fascination, and conversation tliat brimmed, over with fun and animal spirits. I loft her with Mr. aud Mrs. Hawker, at two o'clock in the morning, more thau. over impressed by her beauty and vivacity. " Were a man but heart-whole when ho tirst looked upon her, how madly he might love her!" I thought; and then I asked myself whether tliat kind of mad love was so enduring a passion as the more serious affection, born of gratitude aud esteem, which I felt for her. There now wanted but three days to our marriage, aud it liad been arranged between Margery and myself that I should spend * the intervening time in a brief visit to Hauteville, in order that I might inspect the estate of which I was master, aud make all necessary arrangements for the proper preservation of the. old place during my absence in India. The dear girl would faiu have had me travel post, in a chariot and six, in honor of my altered position, but I prefercd to take my chance in the coach which had carried me before, 1 found Mrs. Grimsliaw and her confidential maid departed, and Mrs. Betty in sole possession of the rambling old mansion. She took me through all the rooms, aud pointed out so many dilapidations—crumbling ceilings split panels, loose banisters on the great oak staircase, broken flags in the marble-paved hall, windows tliat would not open, aud doors that would not shut, aud so many leakages iu the roof, wliich feature of the building appealed to be au iugenious architectural device for the concentration of rain-water in particular spots, that I began to think my inheritance of Hautevilie House was something like that gift of a white elephant wliich Oriental tyrants arc said to bestow upon a subject whom they desire to ruin. It would have needed some thousands to put the place in good order, according to Mrs, Betty, who made the most of all defects. No words can paint the desolation of tho rooms, tho dismal moodiness tliat brooded over their faded splendour the haunted air which made me fency a lurking figure behind every half-open door, the mysterious sounds of unearthly footfalls in the distance which our feet awakened. Yet, iu spite of every melancholy thought—and the place inspired some of the saddest—I had an iniiuite satisfaction in the sense of freedom with wliich I explored the familiar mansion, knowing myself its master. There was not a room tliat I could not people with the dead ; not a memory eomiected with the place that did not awaken my keenest regrets, and yet I fancied that I could bo happier hero than anywhere else, " You'll lot the house, I suppose, sir V said Bettv: " Mrs. Grimsliaw said as how you would." " Mrs. Grimsliaw was wrong," I replied; " Hautevilie has never yet been prostituted to the use of strangers, and I will not ftfe the first to degrade it." I made my arrangements the spot, Mis. Batty was willing to rpKin ; she was used to the place, and liked ite place, though it was lonesome, she told'iue; and she did not mind the rumours of " ghosteses and spectresses that were prevalent concerning it. She was also acquainted with a respectable willing man. of the gardouer species, and his wife—industrious people, and related to herself in some occult manner by the bonds of second cousinship wifcli her eldest sister's husband, who, she behoved, would serve mo for small wages, in consideration of a comfortable homo and a permanent employment- With two women and a man, and now and then an odd man for the rougher work, tho house and gardens may lie kept fairly enough, Mrs. Betty informed me j and if I -would please to employ a builder from Warborough to wake thu roof -waterproof, I nocd give myself 110 further trouble about (lie place till 1 returned from India. This arrangement being completed iu a satisfactory manner, I went back to Warborough to call upon a local solicitor who had received rents for Sir Everard Lestrange, and knew tho cxact condition of the estate. With him I went tho round of tho land, let oft' in farms of from thirty to three hundred acres. Everywhere I met with now evidences of waste and neglect. Homesteads that had slowly fallen to ruin for lack of nocossaiy expenditure, roofs whose ancient timbers had rotted for want of a crowu's worth of lead, or a few hundred tiles. On every hand I encountered supplications for repairs—for the most part involving serious outlay—and I then for the first time experienced that determination to get all they want out of a new landlord—although they have meekly borne long years of neglect from an old one—which I have since discovered to bo a universal attribute of the tenant mind. I went back to London 011 the twenty-third and in the early winter dusk found myself again at Temple Bar. There reigned an almost unearthly quiet iu the courts and cloisters of the Temple, as I walked tlirough thein on my way to the chambers—a quiet that set me thinking of that night, nearly eight years ago, when I had returned from the theatre to find Phillip Hay crouching 011 my threshold. How strangely are our lives interwoven with the memory of the dead ! I had his voice in my earn to-night as I mounted the stair. Never had my sitting-room looked more dismal and sordid thau it did to-night, when I surveyed it by tho glimmer of a newlyliglited caudle. The shabby furniture, dusty and neglected, for Maigery luid not been here of late,—the hopeless litter of papers on the faded baize cover of a battered oak desk,— the boots, and canes, aud swords, and cruuiplod rallies cast pell-iuell 011 one table,—the disordered pile of books upon another : all these things bore witness to the miserable state of a bachelor. " It will be all changed to-morrow," I said to myself, "aud my life will belong to another." At this moment my eyes were attracted to a letter lying 011 the table by which I stood—a letter addressed in Margery's hand, and which was bulkier and more important-looking thau the little flying billets she had been used to send, me—sometimes half a dozen in a day. I broke the seal with a strange foreboding of I know not what, aud begau to read a letter that changed the current of my life:— " Dearest Robert, " Will yon tliink me tho vilest, most capricious of womeu, when you read wliat I am now going to write ? Will you condemn iu a breath, without a pause for mcrcifuller thoughts tliat can accompany your first indignation at fancying yourself cheated by an inconstant woman f Nay, dearest, you who are so grave aud so wise, will surely judge me better. You will believe tliat I have loved you—tliat to the end of my existence here, I must still continue to love you—better than I have ever loved myself. When you read this, I shall bo far away. Oh, my love ! I have no words to describe those agonies of mind which I have suffered iu the past few months—agonies of doubt and self-reproach, which have poisoned even the joy of your company! How often have you reproached me for groundless jealousy—for foolish petulance. Those humors sprang from a heart ill at ease with itself. Itobert, I knew all the while that you were sacrificing your own inclinations to a mistaken sense of gratitude for services so small, tliat they were scarce worth one kindly pressure of your honest hand-—one tender throb of your warm true heart. I knew it, aud yet was base enough to let tlio sacrifice go on ; but not without many a struggle with my own selfishness. Dearest, 'from first to last, I knew tliat you liad never loved me—that there was Wtdcarer and a purer image for ever interveubetween you and me; but I fancied that i^ic days to come, by such devotion as few wives have given their husbands, 1 might still be happy enough to win your regard. Then came a shock that crushed all my hopes. Sif Everard Lestrange's death left liar free, and 1 knew that your future existence would be one! long regret for the unlucky bond that tied you to me. Had you demanded your release at this time, I should have freely given it: and could I be so selfish as to hold you to a promise which you were too generous to revoke 1 I knew the course that honor counselled, but could not steel my soul against your goodness. You hurried on the date ol our marriage with a too generous impatience; and I, iu my low selfishness, had almost allowed you to consummate the sacrifice of all your fondest desites. At this last moment, Itobert, Heaven lias given me the strength 1 have sought so long in vain. Yos, dearest, with that support I am strong enough to bid you farewell. You will see me no moro till you have become the husband of another,—yet, until death, I shall This was all: not a wold, not a hint, of her destination or the plan of her future life. I could scarcely takothis letter in earnest. She was trying me, perhaps, as she luul done moro than once by speeches tliat cut mc to the heart. I hurried at once to her lodgings, where I was informed that Mis. Hunter liad left town at seven o'clock that morning, in a glass coach-aud- four, with her father and mother; but the landlady, who told me this, could give me 110 information as to where the travellers were bound; she could only express her conjecture that they were going a long journey. I showed my father Margery's letter on the morning of that day which was to have closed with my marriage. " Before Heaven, Robert 2" he exclaimed, as he read, " this woman is as noble as she is lovely. And were her apprehensions well founded, child 1 Do you really prefer Lestrauge's widow to this bright creature that half the town is mad about!" Do you desire me to tell the truth, sir ?" Unquestionably." " I never loved but one woman in my life, and that wornau is Dora Lestrangc." "Then thou art, beyond measure, happy in this release. Ay, Bob, I have passed through the furnace, aud know what I -say. A marriage founded upon pity or gratitude is a mistake so fatal, that all the wisdom of a man's after-life cannot mcml it. There is 110 worse plight; no deeper ruin can befall him. Tliauk God, you are out of it!" He gave a vast sigh of relief, as if he felt a burden lifted off his own shoulders. Yes, if I chose to accept Margery's letter as an order of release, I was free—free to seek her to whom I pledged my faith years ago iu the lamp-lit Vauxhall Garden. Yet, could I thus coldly discard the fondest and truest of women % Could I fling her off whom I had sworn to cherish I—to whom I owed my life twice over, aud that which is dearer thau life, mv good name. Honor forbade the thought of so vile a treason. I went to all whom I had known or heard of as Mrs. Hunter's acquaintances, aud, last of all, applied to Mr. Garrick who would, I considered, be likely to know something of her affairs. But from none of these could I obtain any satisfaction. The manager showed me a letter which Margery had written to him 011 the eve of her departure. " I am about to leave England for some time," she wrote, " finding myself in sore need of a holiday tliat will afford relief of brain as well as of body, aud I know not wliat countries of Europe I may traverse. I have a fancy for seeiug Juliet's tomb at Verona, dear sir, aud whether it is really like the canvas cupboard your carpenters set for ine at Drury Lane; and 1 shall, if possible see Venice, ami discover whether such a lady as Bclvidera ever lived there. But whether I go first to Italy, or waste six months in Hollaud, or loiter away the best part of a year at Paris, is at present undecided. You were so offended at my leaving the stage, tliat you may perhaps be not altogether displeased to learn that I have serious thought of some day returning to my old walk of life, if the fickle public do not in the meantime forget me." " Forget her!" cried Mr. Garrick, passionately, " we liave not had such an actress since Wohingtou was young." Verona, Venice, or Holland, or Paris. It was a wide itinerary. Yet I determined to follow her. In order to do this, it was necessary for ine to obtain an extension of my leave, which I procured, witn less difficulty than 1 liad expected, from the gentlemen at the India House. My father was very angry when I interned him of my resolve, rated me for my Quixotism aud tried his hardest to dissuade me from the pursuit I intended. "Wliat!" ho exclaimed, "you run away from the woman you do love, to follow the woman you don't! Was there ever such a mailman ?" I' persisted, however, and my father, whose leave of absence was now nearly expired, went with me to Havre, where we parted company, very mournfully 011 my side, and I believe with some sadness 011 his. " I would, sir, that you could leave this alien army T 1 said, at parting. "Nay, Robert; tho country I serve has been better to me than tho laud of my birth. It would bo a base desire if 1" wished to turn my back upon her. So I left him, and made a somewhat rapid, pilgrimage from Havre to Paris, where I insti-j tuted a close inquiry as to the late Eugliah arrivals—mi inquiry 1 repeated afterwards iu all other places where I halted, and always in vain. Thence through Holland, then on to Italy, with no result as regards Maigerv, but with some pleasure and consolation to myself, I remained abroad something less than the six mouths I luul begged at the India House, and came back to arrange for my passage to Calcutta early in June. CHAPTER XLVII 1 FIND A PEACEFULHAVJiX Nevich can 1 forgot that calm summer evening on which 1 paid my second visit to the old house at Highgate. Never can I forget my sensations as I mounted the hill, and halted for a few moments, breathless, not from fatigue, but from the fluttering of my foolish heart, which was too full to be quiet. The city lay below me, bathed iu a soft golden haze. Westward, the sky Wiis a Haute, and far np in the still evening sky glimmered a faint crescent moon. I liad seen Mr. Swinfen, and from him had heard that Lady I .estrange was still residing at Highgate with her auut, Mrs, Joshua Hemsley. Yet, as I drew near the house, before which I. had played sentry tliat bleak wiiiterV night, six months a#o, my miud was full of frivolous apprehensions. Dora might be away from home—or she might be disinclined to receive ine. A newer and brighter image might have banished my humble figure from her recollection. The tenors and ten ures which afflicted me were the terrors and Lortuivs that are common to uncertain lovers. I need not complete the catalogue. The little village, was as tranquil as if it liad been situated at the other end of England. I heard the geese screaming ou a patch of green by the high road. Every flutter of the, leaves sounded iu the summer stillness, and. 1 think, tho throbbing of my own heart would have been audible to any one who had passed close by ine at that awful moment, when T pulled an iron liaudle at the tall gate, which set a clanging bell ringing as loud as for an alarm of fire. A fat black footman opened the door, and told me that Lady Lestrangc was at homo ; but, 011 my asking to see her, said she seldom saw visiters, and lie would send for her maid, whereupon he rang a bell in the hall, which was answered by a page, whom the pampered negro, evidently too lazy to budge himself, despatched with my message. I was mean enough to say I desired to see Lady Lost-range 011 important business. The uiaid appeared presently—a rosy-faced young woman, with a Berkshire accent—and asked my name, which I was constrained to tell her, though I w;is most anxious to take j my dear love by surprise, aud learn mv fate from the change iu her sweet face when she met me. " My mistress lives very retired, sir," the girl said, " but I will tell her your name, if you will be so kiud as to wait while I go to her." She ushered me into a spacious panelled drawing-room, with four long windows opening 011 a garden—a 100111 iu which there was a delightful sense of coolness and repose. I went straight to one of the open windows, and, advancing towards me, along a wide grass walk between an avenue of climbing roses, twined on poles, I saw the woman 1 loved. She looked pale as a lilv in her long trailing black dress, but at sight of me grew paler still, yet came on to meet me with a steady footstep, aud gave me her hand with the calmest grace iu the world. But iu that one blessed moment, when our troubled glances first met, 1 was assured that she loved me. Then followed the usual greetings—gracious questionings as to where 1 had been, and what I had been doing, since that awful time when 1 had lain like a felon iu Newgate. We walked up and down the grassy path between the roses, and talked until the 1110011—which had been such a pale shadow when 1 mounted the hill—shone silver bright in a deep blue sky. Yet 110 word had been spoken of love. Nor did I speak until at the hist, when the church clock had struck eleven, aud 1 was fain to apologize for the leugtli of my visit. " It may be a farewell visit., Dora," I. said, in a low voice, as we stood 011 the threshold of the window, whence I had first seen her, " unless you will have it otherwise. I am going back to India in something less than a month from to-night. I feel that it would be ignoble to turn my back upon so glorious a struggle as that which is still iu progress yonder." " Going back to India 1" "Yes. I owe my friends there a little more of my life, Dora: and if I ever live to return—to return perhaps after two or three years' absence—shall I. find myself still remembered—greeted as kindly as I have been to-night 1 Oh, Dora, you must know tho prayer that is trembling on my lips ) Will you keep my imago iu your heart—will you believe tliat 110 creature on this earth ever loved you so truly as If " No," she cried, with a little hysterical laugh, " I will not sit at home to remember you, Robert, I have played Penelope loug enough. 1 will go with you." I clasped her in my arms, and the tears of ecstatic joy which I shod as I pressed her to my heart were not shed alone; for when I saw her face under the moonlight, the sweet eyes were dim with weeping. Wo were man-iod within a week of that date, in that enchanted drawing-room at Highgate, at seven o'clock in the evening, and started off to Hautevillc afterwards tlirough the summer dusk, aud under the summer still's. It was my darling's fancy that our honeymoon should he spent iu that neglected old mansion where first 1 met, her. We were still upon the first stage of our journey when Dora asked me a question. "When you were very ill iu the Temple, Robert—oh ! so near dying—had you any Strang*; fancies }" "One, dearest, that hauitt^l me all through the time, when I was at my worst. 1 was almost sorry to get better, and find it a delusion." " And what was tliat f" she asked shyly. "I fanciedtluit you were with me—-that vour gentle hands ministered to me in the long dismal nights—that vour sweet face bent over my bed."' She clasped Iter bauds with a cry of joy. " You '/<> remember, then. I'obert ( Yes, I was with you in that dreadful time. It was 1 who scut away your wicked old nurses, as I Ill-ought a woman 1 could rely upon—an old Hautevillc servant—to nurse you. I persuaded your doctor to keep mv see ret, and when 1 saw your senses were coming back, dear, I left you. 1 never thought you would have remembered me." L'Exvoi. For five years my wife aud 1 shared all the shifts and dangers of military life iu a strange country" I was with Clive at the relief of Patna, and fought the I hitch under Colonel Fordo. By good fortune I escaped being sent, to the f'aruatic, where our troops were fighting the French, aud where 1 should have been under the constant apprehension of finding myself in arms against my father, from whom I heard so rarely that I knew not when lie might be, ordered out to India. I did not return to England until Olive had restored peace to Bengal, by which time I had two dear children, whose tender age demanded English roaring. < Hi, happy sunsets 011 the Indian (>ecan, when my wife aud I sat together to watch the. swift approach of the tropical night, with our coppcr-faccd ayah and her nurslings squatting on a unit at our feet! happy days of summer /(//mc, iu which we bad nothing to do but talk of home, and plan the calm life before us ! Xot in my fondest daydream did I ever imagine it .sweeter than it is. 1 bear mv grandfather's title now, and am Colonel Ainsleigh, but have become something more of a country squire than a soldier. Our pastures aud cattle prosper : aud what with prizes in India and the profits of a well-managed domain at home, I am fast becoming a rich mail, and my eldest boy, Roderick, is likely to inherit a fine estate. We have no town- house, but tho dear old mansion at Highgate is our home during the parliamentary session, when 1 work hardest, having won for myself what my dear wife calls " a name" in the House. I take. Dora to the theatres occasionally, and when first I returned from India we used to see Mrs. lluntcr, who was still the darling of the town ; but she retired from the stage iu sober earnest soon afterwards and now lives in a pretty cottage ou Twickenham Common, scarce a quarter of a mile from Kitty dive's. Here my children visit her every summer, and come homo laden with toys and sweetmeats, and enchanted with the beautiful ladv. " Is she so very much more beautiful than 1 am, Roderick '(" mv wife asked the boy once, with an arch glance, at 1110. "Oil. yes, two times as boolitle, mamma !" replied the candid urchin. " And yet, you see, papa liked me best." "Oh, but perhaps, he's never seen the bootitlelady at Twituaiu," " Or perhaps, she never gave liiiu any sugarplums," put iu Miss Barbara, aged four. So my children think the Twickenham cottage a paradise in little, and my wife carries them there sometimes, and spends the, day with Mrs. Hunter ; but Maigory aud I have never met since the night we supped together after the, play, when I thought her spirits too wild in their reckless gaiety. Thh revenue of France in the reign of Louis XII1., in 1610, amounted to £2,025,08(1. Under Louis XVI,, in 1774. the income hud risen to £8,240,000 ; and now, a century later, the taxes bring in considerably over £80,000,000. remain ever your faithful. " Maugehy." 