THE STORY-TELLER. MADGE'S SACRIFICE. Bv E. M. Alford. (From. the Araosn.) " I SAY, Kit, isn't this cozy ?" "Awfully so!" responded the curly headed youth appealed to, taking a pipe out of his pocket, and. stroking compla cently its highly polished surface. The young people were ensconced on two crimson-cushioned settees, within one of those dear old open chimneys, so rare nowadays, with logs blazing brightly on the polished steel dogs between them. A veiy favourite resort of any of the family, •when they could indulge in a firelight chat. • The room on which the bright beams played so fitfully was most picturesque. Rather low, with great beams showing across the ceiling; oak-panelled walls, oaken tables and chairs of various forms, and a polished oak skirting to the floor, with a well-worn Turkey carpet in the centre. The windows were heavily mul lioned, and rejoiced in quaint old tapestry curtains, in keeping with the quaintness of the whole room. " Yes," went ou the girl, meditatively, " I don't believe there ever was such a dear homely home as ours. You can't think how often the thonght of this chim ney corner has kept me right at school, Kit, when I have been inclined to throw my leBson books out of the window, and scamper off on the moors. I do so hate poring over hooks when the sun's shin ing !" Kit shrugged his broad shoulders, and said, lazily : "There, don't go lecturing me any more, Madge, for of course it's double as hard for us men." (Kit was barely tweuty.) " Girls are made to keep quiet. But what's the good of hav ing a broad chest and strong limbs, I should like to know, if the one is to get narrow, and the others limp, poring over books ?" And Kit stood up and stretched himself, knocking down an imaginary foe, with a fist, on either side. Madge gazed up at him admiringly, but said quietly: "If I were a man, I'd work, though, Kit, at something or other. Do you know, I'm half ashamed of you, sometimes, when I see you louuging there so contentedly, while that dear father of yours is working so hard in his dull little study. If you don't pass, this lime, I shall set you down as a dunce, or worse, when you know how they all pinch at home to keep you at college." ' Talking of that, Madge, I want your advice,' said Kit, in the most affable man ner. "I've got myself into a bit of a scrape by not paying my tailor at Oxford. The fellow wouldn't wait, you see, and there were one or two other pressing trifles ; so I ^ borrowed a few pounds— twenty, I think—of Tom Helston; and he s so hard, up now, poor chap, that he can t put his hand on the pound or two to come home for Christmas. His mo ther and Mary will be in a fine wav about it." " Oh, Kit! how could you ?" exclaimed Madge, the colour mounting to her tem ples, and her blue eyes filling. "Tom Helston, of all people, with his poor mo ther a widow, and pretty Mary going without a new dress for Christmas, even !" Kit blushed this time, and said, peni tently : "I am a selfish, thoughtless brute, Madge; but you'll help me through this once more, won't you ? If you don't stick to me, I shall come to grief for cer tain. There's nothing like being stuck to, for keeping a fellow straight." Madge could not restrain a smile at the comically,dolorous tone in which this was said, and at the look of resigned despair on her brother's handsome sunny face as he appealed to her. "Oh! you are incorrigible, Kit; but 111 stick to you, never fear, till I leave yon in safer hands. But let me warn you that Mary doesn't approve of handsome do-nothings any more than I." " What on earth is that to me V' said Kit, getting red, but not with anger. " Anyhow; you'll manage about the twenty pounds, won't you ? I haven't the face to ask the dear old governor for another ad vance jo sir now J" : . A pained expression passed across the sister's face as she answered, " That's half cowardice, Kit. It's the doing wrong, not the confessing it, that we ought to shrink from, I think. Suppose now, you give up your pipe for the holidays ; that would go some way towards bringing Tom home; and I'll advance you two pounds out of my allowance to send hiin. We must see about the rest by-and-by." "Beggars musn't be choosers," said Kit, with a shrug, " but I call it hard lines on a fellow. Anyhow, here goes!" and he threw the mahogany-coloured meerschaum under the grate. Thereupon Madge rose, and going to a neat little desk, took out two sovereigns, wrapped carefhily in tissue paper, stored away for some pet Scheme of her own. She did not tell Kit, as she put them with a smile into his band, that they were the scraped-togetlier savings of the year, hoarded up with care for the pleasure of giving a Christmas-tree to the school chil dren this Christmas-tide. Kit drew down the fair face to his own and gave it a hearty kiss, and then rose, saying more gravely than was his wont: . ^ declare, Madge, you're a regular brick, and I feel no end ashamed of my self. I won't make any more promises Least said soonest mended ; but you'll see if I don't turn over a new leaf." I So Kit went off to the post office; and I Madge sat down by the fire again with a nappy face. Not to think over her sacri- ! fice, but to ponder long and earnestly on the possibility of getting the rest of the money to pay of Kit's rash debt. Meantime, Kit passed oat at the vicar ag® gate in the winter twilight, and saun tered along past the church and the pretty cottages that bordered the village road, with its wide margin of sward and stately sheltering elms, to the post office. He had paused ere he reached it, how ever, before the mqst daintynf thesecot tages, and gazed in through the unshut- j tered window upon the coziest of parlours, ! where the firelight flickered on gilt-framed pictures and tasty furniture, and lingered lovingly around the bent head of a voung girl, as she knelt by the chair of anelder herlap 6 S°m8 gay"coloure<l wools on The elder lady was Mrs. Helston, the Sfelfcy yiKr' *"d tlw Wlb*, Kit heaved a great sigh as he gazed, i At any other time he would have rushed m upon them, sure of a kindly welcome. Hut now he dared not face their sad looks His punishment had begun. Never mind • to-morrow would bring Tom down, and then all would be right. So thinking, he hastened on to the post office, and de spatched Madge's savings. He found his sister still over the fire on his return. Her pretty fair hair drawn up from her brow, as the' little hands had worked m it thoughtfully, her blue eyes shining eagerly, her small mouth firmly set, "Kit, I've been thinking, and I've made up my mind. Tom most be paid < whatever it costs, and father mush't be worried. Yon ancl I must do it, Kit. I have an idea. Have you V " Not the ghost of one. I wish I had. ' " Well, you must sit here alone as I have done, and think hard till you've got one. And the first thing to-morrow yon will walk with me into the town, won't you 1 And then I shall see how mine will work." "Allright, Madge. Do you know, I half think Tom's in love with you. He's always raving about your wonderful hair. You let it all down in the tableau last Christmas, as Undine, you know, and Tom can't forget it." " Can't lie ?" said Madge with a, curious smile, as she left the room. Arrived at her own room she shut her self in, and putting on a pretty white dressing gown, unfastened the shining golden braids, and let the wealth of glit tering hair fall like a cloak around her. Then she stood in front of the glass, and ga^ed long and earnestly. At last she turned away with a slight sigh of regret, saying aloud : " Good-bye, old wig; good bye, young Madge. What a fright you'll be by this time to-morrow !" n. A bright frosty morning, with that de lightful freshness in the air . which makes the heart dance with joy, whether it will or no. And there was no want of will in the two young people who set out together on tlieir expedition to the three miles' distant town, as soon as breakfast was over. Kit and Madge were the vicar's only children by his first wife, but there were three little ones by the present Mrs. Mow bray, and Madge bad early determined to work for herself and cease to be a burden on her father as soon as possible. With this view she had been acting as pupil teacher in a good school for the last year, and having now arrived at the age of eighteen, considered it high time to make her start in life. Kit was a source of anxiety and expense to the family, which was an extra inducement to Madge to exert herself. And she was glad of the opportunity of discussing her plans with him on this soul-cheering morning. Madge's enthusiasm inspired Kit, and the three miles' walk was quickly accom plished as the two chatted eagerly over their resolutions and plans for the future. " I felt uncommonly queer, I can tell you, Madge, as I looked in at.Mrs. Hel ston's window last evening, and for the first time in my life daren't go in, know ing how cut-up they'd be to see me with out Tom. I've been downright ashamed of myself ever since yon gave me the money. And so help me, Heaven !" he added gravely, raising his hand for a mo ment, "I won't run into debt again, come what may." " That's a good Kit; now I don't mind anything," said Madge, as she stopped at the chief hair-dresser's shop, with her face all in a glow. " Now you go and read the papers," she added, " and I'll meet you in half an hour at the post office. And mind, Kit, when you see me, you're not to say a word." Unsuspicious Kit went his way, preoc cupied with a plan of his own, namely, the selling of some new costly books, the thoughtless purchase of which during his last term at Oxford had helped to bring him into such straits, and driven him to borrow of his poor but generous-hearted friend. It was to spare the feelings of Kit's home people that Tom bad lent the money ; he was too prudent and thought ful a son to have done so for any less pur pose. But while Kit is eating humble pie at the chief stationer's shop, and arranging to part with his beautiful fa vourites at so much less than he gave for them but a few months before, Madge has entered the barber's with an inward shrink ing, and is confronted with Mr. Combe, the master of the shop. Madge entered the inner room, feeling very shy and frightened, and utterly at a loss to explain her errand. But she sat herself in front of the mirror silently, the white cloth was thrown around her shoul ders, the glittering braids let down, and then fortune favoured her. Mr. Combe staked with; unfeigned ad miration as he unplaited braid after braid and shook out the silky hair, and said : " Excuse me, miss, but what a head of hair, to be sure ! It would be a fortune to me just now. I happen to have to fit up a lady with an entire head-dress of just tins particular shade. I have sent far and wide to match it in vain. See, miss," laying a thin strip of golden hair against Madge's luxuriant tresBes, " it tabes the tint to a T. You don't happen to be wanting to part with any of it, I reckon ? I could afford £4 for the half of it, and welcome." The good man had spoken, of course, in jest, chatting on as lie brushed out the glittering mass admiringly, so that he was considerably taken aback when Madge answered demurely, " How fortunate I should have come to-day ! Yes, I will sell it gladly if you will give me £8 for the whole. I could not part with it by halves, you know." Any pathetic feelings Madge might have had about the matter were dissipated by a merry laugh, as she caught in the mirror the expression of Mr. Combe's face, as he stood behind her, the brush sus pended in his uplifted hand. " Mercy me ! miss, I thought you were in earnest, you looked so grave like," and the brush descended on the head again at the sound of the merry laugh. " So I ata, Mr. Combe ; quite in ear nest. I want £B for a particular purpose, and I can do without my hair till it groans again. Come, cut it off quite close ; it's best to get a thing done, when you've made up your mind." " Excuse me, miss, I daren't do it, such. lovely hair as it is. Your folks would be downright savage with me if I were to let myself be tenipted. "Oh, no, they wouldn't," laughed Madge. "They can trust me to do what I will with'toy own. If you won't cut it. off for mej-1 must do it myself," seizing on an idle pair of scissors. " On! please miss, no; don't chop it off anyhow ! If it is to be done, let me manage it skilfully for you, so as to show as little as possible. Unfortunately, it is too soft and silky for a crop. I'm afraid you won't like the look of it, miss." "I don't expect to," said resolute Madge. "I know what yon mean; it will be just a-bead of stubble. Never mind, time will mend matters. Now make baste, please." And Madge shut; fast the merry blue eyes, that she might not watch the process in the mirror. The, ,deed was quickly done, and she was aroused by Mr. Combe's saying, ;■ [ " There, miss! I'm sure I beg your pardon. It does seem a sin and a shame. But if a £10 note down would be any comfort, I'm sure it's worth it well." And he stroked the beautiful long tresses admiringly. "Oh ! thank you," said Madge grate-! fully, turning away from the mirror, where she had caught a glimpse of a I smooth, round golden head, and childish face, with a momentary shock. The half-hour was just up, and stowing away carefully the precions £10 note in an old leather purse, and muffling the little head in a thick veil she had wisely brought for the purpose, Madge hastened to join her brother. Kit, preoccupied with his own troubles, did not notice at first any alteration in her appearance. And they walked briskly homewards, he lamenting over the loss of some of his favourite hooks which the bookseller was to take of? his hands to the amount of .£10. " And I am sure they cost me at least double that," sighed the youth. " If there is one thing more intolerable than another in this weary world, it's poverty, and no mistake." " Now, don't grumble, Kit," said Madge cheerily. " I don't think it's half bad to be poor. It must be very hard not to be selfish, when you can always have just what you want. I've often thought what a help it was not to be rich." " But, then, Madge, you know you're not like other people. You always were an oddity, though of the right sort. But what a pace you are going at! are you cold?" " I should think I was ; the wind seems to blow right into my skulL" " And you've got a thick veil on, too. I say, Madge, what have you done to your head ?" "I've been to the hair-dresser's, of course. Wait till by-and-by before you criticise the result. I call it first-rate." And so they chatted on till the old vicarage was gained, where Madge crept up to lier room the back way, her head aching so, poor girl, from its unusual exposure to the cutting East wind, that she could only lay it on her pillow and cry. Presently the dinner-bell rang, and Madge started up, realising for the first time the ordeal she had to go through, and in her present achiug state dreading it extremely. The pain was a sufficient excuse for a little delay. So, locking her door, she sent down a message that her head ached badly, and she had rather rest than eat, and then covering herself up on 'the bed, she fell into a sound slumber. Twilight was creeping on when she awoke, much refreshed, thongh cold and hungry. She smoothed down the short ■ ends of gold, that had got stivered out into a sort of halo during her sleep, and descended to the oak-panelled parlour. There, as she expected, was the whole family party sitting round the hearth in the gloaming. But, as she had not ex pected, another youth sat by Kit's side— Tom Helston himself. He had joyfully set off for home as soon as Kit's remit tance had arrived. He sprang up eagerly to greet her as she came in, but gave an involuntary start as the firelight played on the glossy cropped head. At the same moment a chorus of voices exclaimed, " Why, Madge, what have you done to yourself ?" " You look like a charity-school girl,' said pert Miss Nellie. "Or an escaped convict," chimed in Master Bob. " Or an unfledged duckling 1" suggested Kit. " What has become of your golden plumage, my bird?" asked the father kindly, making room for poor blushing Madge on the chimney settee, beside him. He noted that the merry blue eyes were glistening, and though puzzled himself, longed to shield his darling. Madge made a desperate effort to rally her spiritB, and resist the inclination to rash oft' and hide her literally diminished head on her own pillow. " Fve turned it into more substantial gold, father," she said, looking up into the kind face by her side. " I know I am a fright, but if would only none of you look at me these holidays, I daresay it will have grown to a decent length again by the next." "Sold it!" exclaimed the chorus of voices again. " Who'd have thought of Madge being so mercenary !" Poor Madge ! the ordeal was far worse than she had anticipated. "■ " I wanted the money for a very parti cular purpose. Father, mother, indeed, indeed it was very important," she urged, as she saw the surprised and rather pained expression on her father's face, and the disapproving frown on her mother's. " I think, Madge, you might have con sulted me on the matter first," said the latter. "It's altogether preposterous!" said Kit angrily, as he pushed back his chair and hastily left the room. " I'm sorry I've vexed everyone so," said poor Madge; " but still I think it was right. I'm afraid," she added, trying to raUy, " you only cared for my poor old wig, not for its wearer at ail. I never guessed before how like Samson I was, nor that all my power would depart with,my hair !" Tom Helston said nothing, but sat looking very blank for a while, and soon took his departure. That same evening, as he sat with his sister over the cottage fire, he exclaimed, not apropos of anything that had been said before, ."It's a miserable old concern of a world, Polly ! The people you think the highest and best, turn out to be mean, money-loving, commonplace folks, after all!" And the. good-humoured face puckered itself into a most uncomfort able frown. (To be concluded in our next.) 