MR. TENNYSON'S "QUEEN MARY." [From The Times.] The appearance of Mr. Tennyson in the field of drama is an event of interest both for English poetry and for the English stage. To say that the experiment was regarded with some anxiety by those who most appreciate the subtlety of his artistic power is only to say that a fine poem in the dramatic form is not necessarily a fine drama ; but, unless we are deceived, it will be generally allowed that " Queen Mary ", is not only a fine poem, but a fine drama, and that, though each of the several powers which go to make it so has already been proved by the author, the masterly harmony in which they work together here entitles " Queen Mary " to be considered something more than merely a success in a new kind. The dramatic glow and impetus which are proper to a poem of action, may be imitated, but cannot be replaced by epic splendour or lyrical passion. In our own days we have seen these, or feebler substitutes, essaying to do duty for it but it is long since the genuine inspiration, at least of tragedy, has. been amongst us. The ingenuity of the apologies which have been suggested for the fact is characteristic of the age which required them, but the fact is generally allowed. If we welcome Mr. Tennyson's drama for one reason more than another, it is for this because here we seem to recognise the presence of that rare and precious virtue which has so long seemed dead even in those works of English poetry which are most distinctly products of genius dramatic fire; and if we had to say when last this great quality found a comparably vivid embodiment in the treatment of an English historical subject, we should not know where to stay our search until it had carried us back to the year when the series of Shakespeare's English Histories was completed and crowned with Henry V. The action of the drama covers the five years from Mary's succession, in 1653, to her death, in 1856\. As a study of the time, at once truthful in its broad aspects and accurate in detail, we believe that it would bear the scrutiny of Mr. Froude and Mr. Spedding. As a vivid picture of the whole reign-of the feeling in England towards the Spanish marriage, of Mary's effort to cancel not merely the Protestant Reformation, but themoronioderntere-formsof the New Learn- ing of the temper in which the Parliament and the nation, after the submission to the Papacy, refused to accept the purely Catholic policy of Spain, and, lastly, of that profound tragedy which centres in the blasted hopes and blighted love of the Queen-the drama, merely as a chapter of English history, can be appreciated by all. The first act opens in " Aldgate, richly decorated." Edward VII's "plan" and Nor- thumberland plot have been defeated ; Lady Jane Grey is in the Tower, and thoMarshalman is shouting, " Long live Queen Mary, the lawful and legitimate daughter of Harry the Eighth." There is a good touch in the dialogue between the citizens as they are waiting for the royal procession to go by "OLD NOKES (dreamily). Who's a passing King Edward or King Richard ? THIRD CITIZEN. No, old Nokes. , "OLD NOKES. It's Harry ! THIRD CITIZEN. It's Queen Mary. " OLD NOKES. The blessed Mary's a passing ! (Falls on his knees.)" Successive scenes then show us Cranmer, in Lambeth Palace, urged by Peter the Martyr to fly from the vengeance sure to come upon him from the daughter of Katherine of Arragon, but refusing ; Noailles, the French Ambassador, busy in sowing dissensions ; Elizabeth, hearing from Courtenay, Earl of Devon, the scheme afoot to thwart the Spanish marriage and lastly, Mary, overcome with the joy following on anxiety, as she sinks into a chair, half fainting, and Simon Renard hears from her pale lips that the Council has sanctioned her union with his master, Philip of Spain. Act It. is the stirring episode of Wyatt's rebellion, illustrated by Mary's heroic courage, and closed by the overthrow of the rebels, when with Wyatt, Courtenay, and the Princess Elizabeth safe in the Tower-the Queen. can at last say, " My foes are at my feet and Philip King." Act III. has for its central incident the formal return of England to the Roman obedience when Reginald Pole, Cardinal Deacon and Legate of Julius III., in the Great Hall of Whitehall, hours Gardiner read the formal sup- plication of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, and, by authority Apostolic, absolves the realm from heresy. But close upon the stately ceremony of the reconciliation follow signs that the further course of Mary's policy will not run smooth. Polo, in a stormy scene with Gardiner, himself rebukes that " overmuch severeness" with which the Faith is being vindicated, and Philip has already wearied of his childless bride : " MARY The sunshine sweeps across my life again. " Oh ! if I knew you felt this parting, Philip, "As I do I I " PHILIP. by St. James, I do protest, "Upon the faith and honour of a Spaniard, "lara vastly grieved to leave your Majesty. " Simon, ii supper ready ?" Act IV. deepens the gloom which is closing in upon Mary's hopes. in St. Mary's Church at Oxford, Cranmer, on his way to the fire, retracts ' his recantation, and dies at the stake-not the shame, but the martyr, of Protestantism. It has been well said that " among a crowd of far more heroic sufferers, the Protestants fixed in spite of his incantations, on the martyrdom of Cranmer as the death-blow to Catholicism in England ;" and it is with an historical as well as with a dramatic propriety that this martyrdom gives the keynote to the fourth Act of Mr. Tennyson's drama. The fifth act opens with the parting between Mary and Philip Philip who is already weighing the chances that he may take Philibert of Savoy's place as a suitor for Elizabeth's hand : " PHILIP'.- Is this a place , ,," To wait in, Madam ? what 1 public hall. " Go in, I pray you. " MARY.-, Do not seem so changed. " Say go ; but only say it lovingly. "PHILIP. You do mistake. I am not one to change. " I never loved you more." Carada, Paul IV., has succeeded Julius III as Pope, and moved chiefly by hatred of Spain, has cited Cardinal Pole to Rome, reviving against him an old charge of Lutheranism. Mary now stands alone, amid an execrating people. At a house near London Elizabeth receives a visit from an envoy of Philip, the Count of Persia, who comes to sound hor-who is loftily repulsed and who finally divulged that at that very moment Mary is dying. Elizabeth hastens to her sister, and finds her you breathing:-" " She know me, and acknowledged me her hair, " Pray'd me to pay her debts and keep the Faith j Then clasps the cross, and passed away in peace. "I left her lying still and beautiful. ' ' " More beautiful than in life. Why would you vex yourself, " Poor sister ? Sir, I swear I have no heart " To be your Queen. To reign as hostess fence, " Fierce, quart, and trickery. Peace is with the dead. " Her life was winter, for her spring was not : " And she loved much : pray God to be forgiven, " CECIL. Peace with the dead, who never were at peace 1 " Yet she loved one so much needs must say "That never English Monarch dying left " England so little. " ELIZABETH.- But with Cooil'a aid " And others, if our person be secured " From traitor stabs we will make England great. (Enter PAGET, and other Lords of the Council, Sir RALPH BAOENHALL, etc.) "LORDS. God save Elizabeth, Queen. of England. "BAOENHALL.-God save the Crown; the Papacy is no more. 'I ' PAGET (aside). Are we so sure of that! "ACCLAMATION, God May the Queen 1" >* ?? ! , 16 M. 'L Dash's' The paramount merit of the poem as a work of art consists in the skill with which the dramatist has held the balance between the horrors excited by Mary, the persecutor, and the com- passion felt for Mary, the sufferer. Howard tells Paget how he has seen heretics of the poorer sort, in daily expectation of the rack, lying chained - in stifling dungeons over steaming sewers, fed with bread that crawled upon the tongue, drinking water of which every drop was a worm, until they died of rotted limbs. Among those voices of the night which pass the Palace in which Mary is dying, there is one of a citizen who had seen a woman burnt in Guernsey : \- ' "... and in her agony "The mother came upon her-a child was born " And, Sir, they hurled it back into the fire, "That but being baptized in fire, the babe " Might be in fire for ever." The impression made by the entire drama deepens that red brand which rests on the memory of Mary's reign. Yet, while the awful cruelties of a more than Spanish bigotry are thus made to live before the imagination, we are at the same time irresistibly drawn to sympathise with whatever is womanly, whatever is heroic, whatever is of tragic intensity in the miserable story of Mary's personal life :- " "My hard father hated me ; "My brother rather hated me than loved ; " My sister powers and hates me. Holy Virgin, " Plead with thy blessed son grant me my t prayer; , ' " Give me my Philip and we two will lead " The living waters of the faith again , "Back, thro' their widow's channel here, and watch a " The parched banks rolling incense, as of old, To heaven, and kindled with the palms of Christ !" When, some months after her marriage, Mary for a moment anticipates the realisation of a great hope, her joy finds utterance in what is, perhaps, the grandest, as it is certainly the most pathetic passage of the whole poem : " He hath awaked ! he hath awaked " He stirs within the darkness 1 " Oh, Philip, husband t now thy love to mine " Will chug more close, kind, those bleak manners that, i "That make me shamed and tongue-tied in my love "The second Prince of Peace " The great unborn defender of the Faith, " Who will avenge me of mine enemies " He comet, and my star rises. , " The stormy Wyatt. and Northumberland, "The proud ambitions of Elizabeth, " And all her fiercest partisans-are pale "Before my star " " The light of this new learning wages and diet ; " The ghosts of Luther and Zuinglius fade " Into the deathless hell which is their doom " Before my star " His sceptre shall go forth from Ind to And His sword shall hew the heretic people down I " His faith shall clothe the world that will be his, " Like univeral air and sunshine ! Open, " Ye everlasting gates ! The King is here " My star, my son !" And when the end is near, and Mary, on her deathbed, has passed into delirium, the anguish brought by the failure of that hope is interpreted in a scene of wonderful power, from which we quote only a few lines : "MARY.- This Philip shall not " Stare in upon me in my haggardness ; .. " Old, miserable, diseased, " incapable of children. Come thou down. [Cuts out the picture and throws it down ] " Lie there (Waits). O God, I have killed my Philip I "ALICK.- No, " Madam, you have but cut the canvas out, " We can replace It. " MARY.- All is well then rest " I will to rest ; he said, I must have rest." The narrative passages of thedrama-especially the descriptions of Lady Jane Grey's death and of Cranmer's death-are worthy of Mr. Tenny- son and, for descriptive passages, there could not well be higher praise. The two or three Songs, again, are, as might have been expected, perfect in their way. The prose passages \- dialogues between citizens, etc. are in one sense the most difficult for a nineteenth century dramatist treating a sixteenth century subject, since it is precisely in homely talk that the artist runs most risk of seeming an antiquarian. It is Mr. Tennyson's humour which has enabled him to succeed so well here. The conversation between the two garrulous country wives" in Act IV., se. 3, could hardly have been written save by the author of the " Northern Farmer." But space forbids us to dwell longer on details. We can but end as we began by saying that we do not know where to look in post Shakespearian English poetry for a poem in which the true art of drama BO burns as in Mr. Tennyson's " Queen Mary." is 