MISCELLANEOUS. A somewhat novel sight was seen lately at the railway station, and one that we hope will not often be witnessed. The one o'clock train brought up about forty South Sea Islanders, many of them mere boys, on their way to Mount Abundance Station, near Roma. Their clothing was not of the best description, and three of them appeared in a state of partial nudity, which touched the tender sympathy of a kind Samaritan who gave one of them a pair of trousers. Mount Abundance station is owned by the Scottish Australian Investment Company, a wealthy English proprietary that pays half yearly dividends in London of 15 per cent free from income tax, and it will hardly look well in their next half yearly report that they are replacing white labor with the Islanders of the South Seas. These Islanders are going into a district and a climate very different, indeed, to the island homes they have been borne and reared in, and we hope, for humanity's sake, the Government will instruct the Police Magistrate of Roma to comply with the 12th section of the Polynesian Laborers' Act, and regularly report to the Golonial Secretary the condition of these Islanders. —Toowoomba Chronicle. We hear that Mr. Thomas Cullinan has backed himself for £10 against £20 to drive I a pair of horses from Kapunda to Adelaide and back, a distance of 100 miles, in twelve consecutive hours. This is rather smart work, but Mi*. Cullinan thinks that he has horses which can do it. The start was to take place this (Friday) morning' at 6 o'clock if all things go straight.—Kapimda Herald. There were two narrow escapes from accident at the sale of fat cattle, held by Messrs Dean and Laughton, at Port Wal laroo, on Monday, October II. A bullock rushed at a man in one of the -pens and attempted to gore hin. Fortunately the horn, instead of entering the flesh, slid up wards and tore the whole of the upper part of the man's dress in twain. The man, who was in the employ of Messrs Dean and Laughton, then beat a hasty retreat. In the other case a boy in the employ of Messrs Parnell and Bowman closed a gate in the face of a bullock that attempted to rush from one pen to the other. The bul lock went at the gate, which, instead of being held firm by the post as it should have been, was pushed through by the bul j lock. The boy, who was standing on the [ opposite side to the bullock was thrown i down and considerably bruised. The Vermont Record tells a good story of an old itdy, who never before had " rid on a railroad," who was a passenger on one of thle Vermont railroads at the time of a ■collision, when a freight train ran into a passenger train, smashing one of the cars, killing several passengers, and upsetting things generally. As soon as he could re cover his scattered senses, the conductor went in search of the venerable dame, whom he found sitting solitary and alone in the car (the other passengers having sought terra jirma), with a very placid expression upon her Countenance, notwithstanding she had made a complete summersault over the sea in front, and her bandbox and bundle had gone unceremoniously down the passage way. " Ate you hurt ?" enquired the con ductor. " Hurt ? Why," said the old lady. " We have just been run into by a j freight train, two or three passengers have been killed, and several others severly in- ■ jured." " La me !'*" said the old lady, " I j didn't know but that was the way you j always stopped." The Mansfield Guardian of the 2nd Oeto- j ber states that some four years back, when ; Mr. John M'Kenzie was building a house on the borders of the Mount Battery station,: globules of quicksilver in its native state were discovered in the sandstone used in the foundation. At that time little notice was ' taken of the circumstance. A few weeks j back, Mr. John Ferguson, formerly a resi- | dent on a farm near Messrs. Rowe and Sto dart's, heard it mentioned that quicksilver had been found on the Mount Battery estate. Mi-. Ferguson at once went on a prospecting tour, and eventually discovered what he considered the true cinnabar, or ore from which nearly all the mercury of commerce is obtained. Mi'. Ferguson then had an in terview with the proprietors of the Mount Battery estate, who promised to grant him a lease of 25 acres, by paying a small royalty upon the amount of quicksilver ob tained. He is at . present engaged in pro curing a quantity of the ore, which he intends taking to Melbourne, in order to have such properly tested- The locality of Mr. Ferguson's present operations is at a place called Butcher's Flat, on the Mount Battery estate; and there can be little doubt but the fortunate discoverer will be amply rewarded for his energy and outlav. The Northern Territory Times state that native outrages are matters of daily occur rence. We have been shown a letter in J which it is stated that there are some 200 ! niggers ■ camped on the flat between Yam j Creek East and the Margaret, and that they j have " skinned" the huts of W. Slater and Queensland Tommy of all they contained, j Ail the farmers who have lately visited j Kadina from the Hummocks, Green's and Boor's Plains, give most encouraging ac counts of the ensuing harvest. The wheat is looking healthy and well, and will no doubt yield a splendid return. The hay is nearly ready for the scythe, and a few more ' sunny day like this (Tuesday) will soon set the mowers to work. Hay has been cut in many sections between Kadina and Wallaroo ■ and looks extremely good without doubt. The Peninsula is fast becoming one of the most flourishing farming districts, as well as j it is the most prosperous mineral district in ; the colony.—Wallaroo Times. j A Victorian telegram states that a bottle : was picked up at Limeburner's Bay with a piece of paper, on which was written the following: ''Loch Levin, sinking on King's Island Reef—No hope. T. Fitzgerald." The Loch Leven was wrecked on the 24th October 1874, having sailed from Geelong on the 22nd. It is considered strange that the bootle should have come back to the same port the vessel had left. The Bletchley correspondent of the Sowtherti Argus is responsible for the fol lowing:—The talk is that the Murray bridge may possibly be completed some time—say a thousand years after the millennium. If colonial: wine is calculated to make men work, then the bridge ought to be finished in a few weeks. I hear that those on the " government stroke" have, rosy times of it. A few days ago it is said that one of the gods engaged in this mighty undertaking l was under the influence of Bacchus and Venus, and hesoughtto become the paramour of Medusa, but he found two Gorgones instead of one. They were one too many for him ; they gave him a jolly good dressing down, and he returned to his tent a sadder but a wiser man. I should not be surprised to hear of another sudden disappearance in that locality. What may be termed a good all round price for horses (writes our Coleraine cor respondent), wes obtained at Muntham a short time ago. A dealer from South Australia purchased. 200 horses from the station, for which he paid £20 per head. This looks as though horse breeding was a paying spec. The Muntham horses have always commanded goodprices from Adelaide buyers. The mob consists of good up standing draught horses and hacks, aud they are principally intended for 'bHss work in the metroplis, for which class of horses there is at present a great demand.—Spec tator. The quantity of potatoes now on hand available for export is very limited. The exports this year have fallen much short of that exported last year. During 1874 j the total shipped at Port MacDonnell was a trifle under 7,000 tons, over 6,000 t>f which went to Adelaide. This year ship ments have been wholly restricted to Adelaide, but the total so far still falls short of 4,000 tons. As still more strikingly illustrating the difference in the yield of the two years, it may be mentioned that the 4,000 tons surplus was obtained of about double the area of the 7,000 tons surplus. In the former year about 1,000 acres were under crop; in the latter about 2,000. The estimated yield for this season —four tons to the acre—must have been about the mark. We will have shipped at the rate of about two tons to the acre ; not less than 1,000 tons had to be got rid of as pig potatoes; while 1,000 tons will about represent the local consumption and seed requirements. "Despite the compara tively poor results of last season's potato growing, farmers are in no way dis couraged, and the area given up to the root this year will probably exceed that of the two past years put together. With a fairly good season we ought to have ten ro twelve , thousand tons to spare next year. It is ap [ parent we shall need lots of miners and navvies to keep pace with our spud-growing capabilities. Mount Gambier has a double incentive to pray ior a progressive Govern ment. and a bold railway policy.—Border Watch. ' The 123 feet railroad track scale, built at | Packerton (one mile south, of Mauch Chunk), , in June 1872, by Messrs. Fairbanks, for the | Lehigh Valley Railroad Cohipany, has done j more weighing for the same time than any. [ other scale in the world. Its average weighing per day is over 20,000 tons for every day in the year, an aniiual tonnage of over 7,000,000 tons. A single day's (24 hours) weighing has often exceeded. <X>,000 tons. The scale has been subjected monthly to the severe "Goodwin test," and has always been found correct. Although over 18,000,000 tons have been weighed upon the scale, it has never yet required repairs.— Mauch Chunk Coal Gazette. MarcJi 12th, 1875. A large cobra was caught at the old Government Civil-Hospital, by Mr. Garth waite, the Wardmaster. He seized it with his hands as it came out of a drain, and took it to the New Hospital, whereit was treated with eight ounces of pru9sic acid before it died. On beinglaid out it was found to measure 9 ft. 1 in. in length and 10£ in., in circumference. The snake is, we hear, to be placed in the City Hall Museum, under the: ! superintendence of Dr. Dennys, the life and soul of that institution.—Hongkong Times^ A Norwegian vessel just arrived at Mel bourne reports seeing, in lat. 22deg. 32min. long 35deg. 31min. W., an iron ship of about 900 tons, burnt down almost to the water's edge. The hold contained some railway fishplates and bricks. The words " The Mo," with " Liverpool" underneath, were on the stern, but no other indication of the name. A bumptious barber, the insignia of whose trade hangs out at Port-Glasgow, and who rejoices in belonging to a society with a grand same—" The Universal League of Modern ' Stoics'"—has heroically taking the stump on behalf of tobacco smoking. To a meeting of his brother " Stoics" on Monday night last he discoursed in praise of the " weed'' in a style that would have made the ghost of Zeno blush—if said ghost ever happens to be present at the gather ings of his modern mimics. Here are some of the virtues which, according to this philosophsr, tobacco possesses r—It removes toothache; it preserves the enamel of the teeth; it sures dropsy and waterbrash; it keeps at a respectable distance tormenting midges and mosquitoes; it satisfies hunger; it quenches thirst; it refreshes and re invigorates those who are prostrated by mental or bodily toil ; it prevents domestic strife; it makes the user a good moral man, a good Christian, and a good citizen; and lastly, it is cheaper than whiskey ! Many other things it does, but the list of its vir tues is too long to give entire. Under what a debt of gratitude must smokers be to this hitherto obscure barber, who has so valiantly emerged from the midst of his razors and soap suds to enlighten the public in regard to their favourite weed; and how must the anti-tobacco societies in the country hide their diminished heads, feeling that, for once, they have been thoroughly squashed! The only drawback that will be felt is that nothing is said about snuff. In ommitting to mention it the barber has shown a most unpardonable partiality, and we hope he may atone for the offence the next time the " Stoics" meet.—Glasgow The King of Italy has presented to the Queen six handsome Italian ponies, four chestnut horses, and two grey mares. On Sunday evening last, in a sermon on the " Forgiving mercy of God," the Rev. E. A. Caldwell contradicted the general im pression that the condemned man William Page was utterly indifferent to his present position. The rev. gentleman stated that the murderer was at no time so indifferent as his appearance would seem to indicate, and that since his condemnation he has manifested a deep sense of the enormity of his guilt. Page assured him, he said, that He felt his guilt so heavily that his pleading guilty at the trial proved a great relief to his mind, and eased his conscience of a tremendous load.—Border Watch. At the Sandhurst City Police Court, the' head teacher pf the Golden-square State School,; Mr. W. Palliser, was charged with unlawfully assaulting Thomas Porter, a scholar of his, on Friday, September 22. The evidence showed that some improper words had been written on a do<pr concerning one of the lady teachers. Mr. Palliser in vestigated the matter and suspicion fell upon three boys, of whom the plaintiff was one. They were flogged severely for the offence. One of them, stated that the defendant took his coat off, and then gave Porter 24 cuts with the cane on the hand, after which he laid the boy on the desk, and flogged him for about ten minutes; but this Mr. Palliser denied, and stated that the flogging was only an ordinary .one. Porter, however, still boro the marks of his chastisement. The bench inflicted a fine of £1 on the de fendant, and allowed £2 5s 9d costs. The Sydney Morning Herald gives an ac count of a determined suicide, which toot place on the 27th of September. A man of gentlemanly appearance, whose name is sup posed to be Lowden, went into La Flore Australienne, in George- street, Sydney, and called for a glass of ale, into which he put some substance, remarking that he generally took medicine in his beer. The barmaid, suspecting that something was wrong, seized the glass,- when a struggle ensued, and upon the waiter coming to her assistance, the un fortunate man promised that he would not drink it if released. The girl let go the glass, when the man walked towards the door, and drank the contents off. He then went to the sofa and lay down, remarking that the barmaid would be the last person who would speak to him alive. He died almost immediately after. What a position is that of a fond mother 1 Who can read the following suggestive appeal, cut from the Irish Times of 2nd July, I without a heart- throb ? " Matrimony.—A mother, suffering from a mortal disease, and longing to see her two daughters suitably married before she leaves this world, wishes to meet two gentlemen; respectable parentage, minimum income £i00, age under 40. Girls are good-humored, trained housekeepers, very handsome (advertiser can guarantee this), ages 22 and 19, eldest very sensible, youngest a little flighty, fortunes ! £300 each. Enclose carte, &c.;—Address Y, j 72, office of this paper." ! At Moonta Mines Oaptain Hancock is using a boring apparatus in searching for lodes. Whether this method is completely successful is as yet undetermined, but the experiments already made are of a highly favorable character. The borer is simply a large screw auger, worked by two men with levers, attached to a sort of capstan arrange ment. A hole twelve feet deep can be bored in ten minutes; to sink a costeening hole1 the same depth would occupy two men a day, so that as far as mere penetration is concerned, without reference to the area of ground uncovered, the borer has the advan tage! It is is intended "to restrict for tlxe present the employment of the borer to testing the ground from the surface to the rock; the penetration of the rock itself would probably be too expensive an opera tion. The borer has been tried in ground resting on the backs of lodes known to be productive, and has brought up particles of green carbonate of copper mixed with the clay. Used in proximity to lodes, the borer therefore would in all probability lead to. their discovery. It is hoped that the boring operations now in progress on the mine may be attended with success.—Y. P. Advertiser. We understand steps are being taken to erect a Catholic Church at Crystal Brook, under the charge of the Jesuit Fathers.— Harp. The Willunga correspondent of; the, "Southern Argus says diphtheria has made its appearance among us, four in one family are down with it,, but these are all I can hear of as yet. Advices per the Hero inform us that the volcano, of Mount Tongariro! (New Zealand) was ; in high, state of activity, throwiug stones for a distance of eight miles from the crater. All the springs and geysers in the neighborhood were in full play. A shock of earthquake was so severely felt at Taupo on Monday, 20th September,, that one gentleman, who was asleep in the Taupo Hotel, was thrown out of bed. The Wel lington Evening Post, of the 22nd, says:— There was a smart shock of earthquake last night at thirty-four minutes after six., A second and slighter shock followed fifteen minutes later. Between one and two o'clock on the morning of the 28th another sharp shock was felt. There were several distinct vibrations followed by a protracted tremu lous motion. 