OBIGINAL KEYIEW. The Dingoes, and Other Tales : By Kobert Bbttce, Wallelbernida, South Australia. — ' Advertises' and ' Chboniole' Offices : Adelaide. The tales, in verse, published under the above heading, are the production of one who has spent many years in the bush. They were written about 10 or 12 years ago at odd times, and in all sorts of strange placeB. The writer says, in. his quaint and characteristic intro duction — ' The tale, called ' The Dingoes ' was strung together while watching a lambing yard by myself in a gunyah, ao dralty and cold that I had to lay (sic) in the dark in my blankets through the long autnmn evenings, and, there fore, had nothing better to do. as I could not keep a candle alight to read by, and had no one to talk to. I put language Into the animals' mouths to commemorate the pleasure a human pair had shortly before given me. The other stories were written while driving a team on the loads in the great drought of 1864 and 1865, by my solitary camp fires. I have but to add that I can confidently recommend the tales to those fond of stories of real bush life, even though they be rhyming ones, but not to those who cannot endure aru thing save fault less versification, for they will not find it here.' With a touch of humor he adds that be has had the tales printed on paper sufficiently large to be of use to the butterman or otherwise, being evidently of opinion that some base use might be made of them, as of the dust of Alexander, which Hamlet imagined might at some day stop a bung-hole. The introduction explains the principal poem, which relates how A pair of dingoes — bitch and dog Went prowling round in search of prog. They ran with noses to the ground, Aud keen cocked ears to catch' each sound ; But they heard nothing save the ory Of ghost-like nightbiid sailing by, And the wild moaning of the breeze Among the ecmbby sandhill trees. These dingoes prowl around until they find ' a 'small Limb some two days old,' which they at once proceed to devour ; but the lamb having been poisoned, they pay the penalty of death for their temerity in looking after the squat ter's sheep. The dialogue between the dogs is wall sustained, and the story told by Pat Murphy, which is introduced hy the way, re lating how a woman in the shape of a hare was hunted by her husband, is very well told, and contains ft great deal of Irish humor, with a touch of the brogue. It is not often that we find bnshmen coming forward as literary men. The monotony of the life they lead, and the want of any incentive to mental activity, except such as may be fur nished by the beauties of ca'.ure, often tend to dull and deaden rather than to quicken the oaind- We hail, therefore, with pleasure this contribution from one of the pioneers of civili zation in this colony. Although, aB the writer says, the versific ition is not faultless, there is in many of the poems a true noetic riae. which shows that the cultivation of hi& powers would place him on a much higher footing than he at present occupies. Thedescrip ions of bush life give a true idea of the way in which those exist who spend their livas in the dreary watch ing of sheep The writer, however, deals rather with things than with persons, and we see rather the bush and the bushman'a home than the moving actors in the dreary interior of this vast country. It must have been fortunate for Mr. Bruce that he had some Intellectual re seurcf- o draw on bv which to relieve the tedium of shepherding, and it is creditable to him that the results of his wooing of the Muses are tush as to encourage him to further effort. The following verses from Pat Murphy's story will give a fair idea of the style in which it is written — ' On wint the hell-hounds wid a mighty yowHn', While a shtrong smell of sulphur floated round, On wiai ou'd Nick and Nid McGan all s« rowhn' Upon us as we cowered ou the ground. Whiz wint that gipsy on a broomstick, howlin' Like a big scrache owl, wid a rushin' sound, Till just above us, whin a scrame she gave Would scare a dacent corpse out of its grave. * * * ? 'On wint the hunt till out of sight and hearin', And wid it, too, the shtorm soon passed away, And one by one, betune the daik clouds peeim. The shtars came out wid bright and plasin' ray ; Thin, as no imps nor gangers wis appearir, We to onld Rooney's cottage tuck our way, And as the batther'd worax could not be mended, We threw it in a big hole, and so inded. Some of the poems differ entirely from the foregoing in diction and metre, notably ' The Fourth of January, 1864,' descriptive of a dust storm in the bush :— ' The shepherd on the glaring plain Shrinks down a buBh behind, .With cracking lip and eye of pain, Before the scorching wind. ' He sees the dust storm coming high, With side wings spreading wide ; There is no friendly shelter nigh — No place in which to hide. He crouches low, he bows his head — O'er him it howling flies, As if the Storm-King in it sped Beneath the frowning skies.' In the ' Bushman's Reverie' the writer makes the lonely man recall the scenes of his childhood and youth, and live in memory the old life- in England o'er again ; while in thn ' Albert Bells' he pays a well-merited tribute to him who won for himself by bis straightfor ward, manly, and Christian course the title of 'Albert the Good.' Amongst the serious poems nothing in the volume, perhaps, equals ' The Call of Death,' in which the writer ably shows the power swayed by the King of Ter rors— ' O Ihou, to whom, both young and old, The cringing slave, the freeman bold, Resign their breath ; At whose dread call must speed away The spirit from its house ot clay — Thy name is Death ! * * * * ' The King upon his couch of state Must yield him tamely to his fate When thou dost call ; For bishop's prayer, or army's might, Avail him nothing in thy sight, Thou kin* of all !' The selections given will enable our readers to form some idea of the merits cf the volume ; but there are numerous poems of considerable power which should be read in their entirety in order to be fully appreciated. Although there is no attempt to dazzle by fine imagery and rounded periods, there is still a good deal in the pieces that will please those who are in terested in bush scenes and life, and who will be gratified by a perusal of the book, while we cordially recommend it to all wbo desire to see South Australia with a literature of her own, which shall one day rival, we hope, that of the old country itself. 