i SNW-STATm IN IWO 0HAPIEE3.- CUAITKE 1. Ti« his library «ut Robert Qitton, cnjri-OêscJ in Iiis bouka. 1 he door opened very gently, ¡ind tiiero entered n pleasant-looking old ludy, enveloped in ii crimson shuni. .Wily, you bero, mother!' lia «claimed, rising hastily. * I norer expected to seo you nt thia hour of tlio morning ; it is hardly ten o'clock yet. and the day eo bitterly cold,' I thought you Btili in bed.' lI had letter«, Bnbort,' elie replied, ns »lie took tho easy-chair lie placed for her near the bright fire. ' I am afraid I disturb you,* she began ner- vously, seeing the table spread with books of an nhstrusc lind. ' Don't t lr uk nf it.' Though answering thus, ho «as rather discomposed, for bil passion was booka anil research of all kinds ; and lie pushed the huir from, hie somewhat care-woru fore- head, as ho prepared to listen to the purport of his mother's visit, which, he argued, must be something unusual, to make an invalid as she was visit him so early. Beforring to her basket, Hrs Hilton drew thone« a letter, and said : ' From my old friend. Margaret, M re Cameron ; ' and putting on har spectacles, elie road aloud. 'Never mind the contents,' ho interrupted, after «be had read the first line judging this by it« many predecessors. ' But, Bobert, I nant you to hear j that is why I came.' slio returned timidly. 'Sho «sys Helon, her daughter, you know, is coming, in a few day«,.to stay nt Mount Farm, quite near ii« ; Hod I thought it would look to odd if we don't ask her to visit ns also, and-I came to consult you;' «he hesitated. 'I think Margaret will expect it. I know yon dislike visitors in the house, and have grown a confirmed bachelor ; ' she sighed ; 'and I am only n poor invalid, not fit for much, so we are well matched, end can dispense with visitors. Bl ill-if you would not mind for this once,' she pleaded. Bobert Hilton saw trouble looming in the distance, as he listened to his mother's hesita- ting request, ft was quite true all she had said ; he was a confirmed old bachelor, forty years old ; and hated the sight of women, rarely looking on the face of ono but his poor old motlier. No wonder she felt apologetic and douhtful about the success of her request, as she watched the nervous, somewhat disjoined-looking âgure of of her tall lean ron, whose sunken eyes had a troubled expression in them while she spoke. ' You would never see her but at meal-times,' she continued, and that only for a few days, my dear, if you wouldn't mind. I would not suggest her coming ; only, elie is staying so very near, and ie such a niee girl ; so Margaret writes ; though it is some years DOW since I saw her. She was fifteen then, and must be twenty now. Sear, dear, how time flies 1 So long since I saw her ; but then, Bobert, that is your fault.' ' In what way ?' ' " The only eon of his mother, and she was ? widow." That is my history for years ; I have only lived for you, my dear ; and if you didn't like visitors, I was content not to have them, though I should like to have seen my old friend Margaret and her child occasionally.' .Iknow you have been very kind to my infirmities,' lie replied ; and his heart «mote him, as he remembered ber life of eacrifioe, and heard hnr timidly pleading für the small gratifica- tion in question, Still, the power of habit ia strong, and it was not without a great effort he determined to yield. ' Very well ; ask her over, if you like,' he said with affected carelessness ; * but only for three or four days, mind ; ' and ho turned with longing eyes to the open book which was waiting his perusal. ' Thank you ; it is very good of you,' clio said quite gratefully as she rose. ' I will leave you now, and write to Margaret to allow Helen to come ta us.' ' Only for n few days,' he reminded, already regretting his permission ; '? otherwise, we may have her here for weoks, if you don't specify the Hmo.' . ' I think not,' returned Mrs Hilton with quiet dignity. ' Margaret is a well- bred woman, and ber child, no doubt, takes after her.' Tho old lady then roso and Bobcit Hilton returned to his studies ; and in the society of some fossil remains, which served as the subject of some learned paper he was preparing for one of the Quarterlies, he forgot the impending cnlsmity, as his perverted mind regarded a visitor, and that a woman, furthermore a young woman, in his house. Several days passed, end one bright frosty day. in the early pait of January, a party of girls were amusing themselves in the drawing room of tho Mount Farm. Helen Cameron, with her two old friends and school-fellows, Annie and Clara Norcot, formed the trio. Helen's best friend could not have called her pretty, while her worst would have found it impossible to oall her plain. Sha was what is termed a nice girl, when one ia pushed into a corner for a definition. 81ie was agreeable, good-tempered, could talk pleasantly on most things, had a very fair figure, with a bright intelligent face, that refused to be catalogued as regular- featured j withscomplexion frequently tinged with deep rose, interspersed with freckles. Ab, poor Helen ! I sm afraid that last hit may tell against you ; but the portrait painter must be faithful. Sbe had, however, one grand point : her hair was beautiful, and fell in long wavy masBeB, like bright spun silk fresh from the cocoon, caught on either side by a comb which confined it to the back of her head ; beyond this there was no arranging. Nature did the rest, with an admirable eye to effect. A servant entered while they were laughing and talking together, and handed Helen a note. .From mamma's old friend, Mrs Hilton,' she said, as she broke the sea and read the con- tents. «ïhe Hiltons of the Ere; the people one bears of, but never sees,' remarked Clara If arcot. * Mrs Hilton is an invalid, and her son a monk, from all accounts,' chimed Annie, while Helen was perusing her note, who soon ex- claimed : * What em I to do, or «By P How shall I ever get ont of it P Mrs Hilton has written to say,thatmammahasacceptedaninvitation for me to «pend a few days with ber, es I am in the neighbourhood, and she hopes I'll fix an early day !' she cried with genuine dismay. Her announcement was received with a chorus of groans from the two girls. * lt. is too bsd of mamma to acoept an invita for me from such people. What was she think- ing of F She might just as well have asked me to spend a few days in a churchyard, as in such a bouse at thatl' ' Tes,' «aid Clara, with a grimace ; ' there ia not muoh amusement to be got out of that valley of dry bones ! Mr Hilton is a fossil, my dear : he has studied pre-adamiie man-and what do yon call those ugly things, with hideous long names P-until be ha« converted himself into an antediluvian specimen of an implement for digging up his own ditcoteries! Heaven preserve me from such awful men '. I like flesh and blood, not the world's progress miohinee, as I call them. Why people must br for ever rummaging underground for old bones and such-lite, I can't imagine !' 'Ton must go, Helen,' said Annie; *ir it is only keep us «live with your description, when you came bark.' * Well, only for a couple of days,' stipulated Helen ruefully, as «be sat down to answer the invitation. * Of course,only foraoonpledays; we couldn't spare you for longer,' said Clara : ' there is the ball next week, you know. Just eay ve will drive you over to-morrow-Tuesday-and wiil fetch you again on Friday: Hut will give you just two clear days, which I oipoct yon will find IBO too many.' 'Tho house is worth seeing,T ¡ni told,* broke in Annie. ' It is so old futhinncd, and full of uti snrta of queer things-remains, and so forth1 ' Uave you ever eee¡i Mr Hilton V inquired Helen. «We sometimos, but rarely, 6ee him riding about ; but he Intos women, and ficus at the sight of one.-D jesn't lie, Claru ?' * Agreeable for mc/ murmured Helen, is shs sealed her note, and rung for tho servant lo send it to thc Firs. ' I do so wi-h I were not going j but there ia no help for it, I suppose, I hopo there are no ghosts or oilier miseries in thc house beside the fossil remains ?' she inquired, shivering. ' Tell mc, what is be like, this fossil in-chief, that I may know what I have tociprct ?' * Oh, tell, lean, and grizzled about thc head ; with scared-looking nyes, ns if they could only see clearly undorerouir',' said Claru, with a mischievous twinkle in lier eyes. ? Why, he is a ghost in himself! I shall be frightened to meet him,' exclaimed Helen. * And he never speaks ; even reads nt bis meals, I believe,' said Annie, with a lauth. ' Worse and worse ! O girls, what am I to do ? What an ogre for a woman to be shut up with. Does he like music, I wander? But of course riot!' * They say music hath charms to sooths tho savage breast ; why not see if it would cause a resurrection in the pre-Adamite one ?' hazarded one of tho girle. 'What! sing to a stone? Impossible! I should be too frightened. I must take lots of work, that's all ; try and finish this rug for the bazaar. Dear, how cold il is 1' and she shivered again. ' Yea ; ia it not ?' said Annie, drawing searer to the fire, and giving it a vigorous poke. ' There is snow in the air ; and snow here is no joke, let me tell you. It regularly barricades us ; we are auch a height.' ' If it fell to-night, the chances are you could not go to the Firs to morrow. There ia no driving a carriage in these parts until tho snow is over.' ' * I wish it may como down, then,' said Helen, j ' Don't wish that, as it would put. an end to I our ball ¡ so it outs both ways. You have no i idea how the snow falls hero, several feet deep ; I and then we are shut up sometimes for weeks.' * And a storm is brewing,' said Clara. I hope ! it will hare tho good heart to keep off until the I the ball is over. I don't know when I felt it so I cold !' i No snow fell the following day. It was in i the uir, people remarked, win understood the j temperature. Amid much laughter on the girls', and misgiving on Helen's part, 6lio waB ! driven over to the Firs, and deposited among j the fossils, with many injunctions td ba careful j she, herself, was not turned into a ' subject ' for i investigation. j ' So very glad to welcome you, my love,' said I old Mrs Hilton, embracing her. ' lt is so very I kind of you to come and see UB ; ' and BUB drew ' her to a seat near the firo, in the grand old . drawing-room, where she kept solitary state I each afternoon and evening. ] Tho warm embrace and the fire thawed I Helen, and she began to feel comfortable. ' If I the son is only half as pleasant us his mother,' j she thought, ' I shall not object to the partial I interment.' ; Some conversation followed ; blending with I which, Helen's thoughts flowed in the following i under-curront : ' I wonder if ho has the look of his mother? What a joke if I happen to like him, and tura the tables on tho girls ! I suppose I ! shan't see him until dinner-time, and then he I will be reading a book. Tall, lean, grizzled! i that sounds horrible!' I ' You must excuse my son Bobert,' esid Mrs : Hilton, _ whistling to prepare her for hie i peculiarities. ' He is eccentric, my dear, very ¡ ! not in the IraBt a lady's man. He took to study early io lifo, nnd now lives among his books ; I must not complain, for, as an author, bo bas distinguished himself. Still, it disappoints me that ho shuts himself up SD entirely, and has Jost all taste for society, for I am only a poor invalid, and can't last for ever; and I grow unhappy when I think of him left alone.' I Helen then went to her room to prepare for dinner, Mra Hilton's maid having interrupted their chat to show her the way. Having completed her toilet, she came down-stairs with no alight aniountof trepidation, hoping, yet fear- ing, to find the muoh-dretded fossil in the drawing-room. Bobert Hilton had entered the drawing room shortly after Miss Cameron had quitted it, having actually dressed for dinner ; a proceeding quiet disregarded by him on ordinary occasions, for the very good reason that he always dined alone, aa his mother was an invalid and could not bear him company. M i's Hilton looked pleased to see her son so wonderfully brightened up by the little attention to his apperance, at the trouble and waste time of which he had been inwardly fuming. ' Helen has arrived,' she said, as he stood chafing his hands, and trying to warm them by the fire. 'So I heard,' he answered shortly, looking anything but delighted. ' How long is she to stay ? This sort of thing is so terribly out of my line ; and he glanced at his evening drCBS as he spoke. ' She leaves on Friday ; the girls at the Mount Farm won't spare her any longer. She is a very dear girl, Robert ; I think you will like her,' she ventured timidly. The remark was entirely lost upon him, as he never entertained tho idea of liking any woman, unless it might happen to be the remains of one which bad been deposited in some spot by the avalanche of ages, awaiting his discovery. Such a woman he would lovo tenderly. Trembling outside the drawing-room door stood Helen, unable to tura the handle and enter, so afraid was she of encountering him ; but growing desperate at last, she made a plunge, and went in with that awkward air which takes hold of one at difficult momenta of intenso self enconsciousness, j Still stooping over tho fire, ho did not notice her until she reached the sofa where his mother eat, who had enconraged ber timid entrance with i a smile, and said ¡ ' Robert, my dear, this is | Helen.-Helen, my eon, Bobert.' This introduction being effected, Helen took a ¡ seBt while Mr Hiltou remained standing, in no war bashful, but so very pre-occupied with dead subjects, as to leave the living to take care of j themselves. i As soon as she dared, Helen raised her eyes and glanced at bim. ' Cnmislaknbly tall, lean, and grizzled,' she thought ¡ * but net quite so bad BB I expecied. Good eye», if they could be brought to look about bim, inetcad of into remoteness. Good features, but tumbled hair, all falling about anyhow, as if no ono ever smoothed it. What a pity be shuts himself up!' Dinner was announced, and Mrs Hilton said : * Will you let Bobert take you into dinner, my dear ? You must excuse me joining you, but I am obliized to live by rule.-Now, Uobert, take care of her.' IliUB saying, she strove to draw them together, a most thankless ta«k, for Helen hung on to the reluctant arm by the tips of her fingers with on amount of nervousness which made the well nigh chronic blush on ber face turn deep crimson. They sat down to table in solemn silence. M Hilton, from the force of habit, turned to lind bis pl-ce in the imaginary volume at hie sid and then remembered be had a human boc sitting near it might be worth bis while perusing He glanced up, scafhed for words, and came a dead pause i for what on earth wat there to talk about? Young women were a genus bo had never studied since university dors ; they were a study he had shelved with dress cintiles, as being ' terribly nut. ol his linc,' thinking at the time of the truth ol' St. Chrysostom's definition of women, who pronounces tlirm, one «nd all, to be 'a necessary evi', a natural temptation, a desirable calamily'-hore ho paused, for ho declined thinking ilia present 'calamity' sitting near at all 'desirable;' quire the reverse-'a domestic peril, a deadly fascination, and a painted iii.' Ah, yee ; Chrysostom was a man of sense nnd cxporionro, evidently. l'oor Helen was fquiHy miserable ; sipped her soup, to prolong thc nccosrity for keeping her head lowered. ' One of us must begin,' she thought ; ' this silence is overpowering.' At last-' I think you know my friends, the lVarcots ?' ' Slightly,' ho replied, putting hi« elbows on thc table while waiting to bo further fed. He wnsof that rare order of men who eat, uniting no questions, anything put before them. Just the sort of man, women, with a view to a comfortable hereafter in housekeeping, ought to cultivate above all others. ' They are very nice girls,' BIIB remarked. ' Possibly. I know nothing about girls.' ' You don't visit much, I think ?' she again ventured. 'Ko ; I em thankful I find something better to do,'*and he pushed the unkempt hair from his forehead, and closed his eyes, aa if to clear his brain of tbe disturbing possibility of euell a fate, of which the present was a taste not at all to his liking. I Tho sorvant placed a dish before him, which excused them for again lapsing into happy silence. Thus the dinner passed off, save for a few spasmodic attempts at conversation like the previous. And at the finish, never were two people so glad to get rid of each other as Helen Cameron and her extroardinnry companion. ; Mr Hilton did not appear again that night, j although be usually kept his mother company for a portion of every evening, ofter a silent fashion. Helon gave bim up ns hopeless. She had failed to win tho least courtesy from him ; and there arc few thing« a woman resents like a tacit avowal that she is powerless to attract. Thc two I weary day«, each woreo than thc other tor dreariness, came to en end at last. With a light heart, the retired to her bed on Thursday night, i and gladly looked forward to thc morrow. ' I'll describo him to the girls ns the most impasBiblo monster it was over my lotto become acquainted I with.' With buoyant alacrity, she rose next | morning, unmindful of the cold, whi<h was ¡ piercing ; slipping her feet into a pair of warm slippers, she went to the window to raise the I blind. O horror ! What she liad feared from the ' feeling' of the cold the night before, was realised. A deep mantlo of snow covered the | ; ground! I 