the' HAUNTJ3D HOUSE. - 'Journal,') Moretoii.. Hull t is';,;tbor:oldest•; and largest mansion in tho vicinity oflias}' villo;mid ifc.stands, upon ' an eminonco not lmlf'a mile from the towlisllip, half1, bidden; amongst , , the recesses;- of ; a thickly clustering pino-wood. A'little creek runs at tlio.western'vend of ,tbo wood,' and a broud.avenuo, skirtedAon eithorsido with HoTty-pines, ieads'us to tho old mansion. Years ago the Hall aud'its lands were;the property.of a wealthy old Scotch, gentleman, who died on the premises, and was "buried in the village comotery.1 Tbeproperty; fell into tho hands of his nephew^-rlbr the old gentleman was a bachelor.; The, heir, to Moreton Hall estate waa n wild profligate-young: manj' who spent'' bis; easily acquired wealth in . betting, horsoracing, and such like, and oventually became bankrupt; To add to bis misfortune, Iib became addicted to drink, and from being one. of the leading men of; society- in the neigh borhood, ho fell into a state of dissipa tion and, degradation, from which bo hopelessly ondeavourod to oxtricate himself. The; rich nand respectable shunned Jtim, tho poor despisod bim. Friondless and moneyless, and despic ably clad,, he left tho neighbourhood, and sought to,earn a livelihood in tho metropolis, by manual labour : but death put an end to liis misfortunes ; for on'tho third day after his arrival-in Molboijrno, he was found dead in one of the ' low houses of Littio, Bourke street. He was buried at the expense of tho Government: and his name for gotten amongst them. He had scarcely been dead a weok, ere strange rumours wero circulated about Easyville that Moreton Hall was haunted. Tho new proprietor of the old mansion was a native of Sydney, a member.of tbo legal profession, who hod retired into private lifo, and hoped to live his life comfortably at the Hall ; but somehow ho was disappointed ; the servants as serted that the place was haunted ; Btrango unearthly noisos were audible at unlawful hours, nnd screams were heard evor and auon about the " witch ing time" of midnight.; Fear took possession of their hearts, and tbo pro prietor was forced to believe that.there was something in it. Whether bo heard tbo strange noises or not, :he never said ; but oveutually the servants at Moreton Hall left one by one,' arid when strangers were brought in their stead, it was the same thing. They in turn declared that the house was haunted, some even averring that they saw the ghost stalking along; the passnge. The roport spread, and the superstitous sdded theiV-own. to the inastf of strange intelligence concern ing the Hall. Tlio' proprietor left in turn, and let tho place to a young far mer, a recent arrival from Gippsland. This man was nowly married, and on Iho first ni/,'ht of his advent to tlio iiull It is wife declared that sbo saw a man " walk 'with folded arms " and drooped head along tho passngo lend ing to the parlour. The young farmer, alarmed at this piece of intelligence,' and knowing nothing of tho report cir culated concerning tho plnco, instantly essayed to search for the intruder, wjiom he suspected to be some burglar. Armed with a rovolver, ho hunted up and down the place from one chamber to the other, holding a lighted candle in! one hand and a revolver on full-cock ill; the other, but without success. He then retired to bed, and had scarcely done so, ore ho and his partner, hoard tho footsteps of a man—a- slow measured tread—along the passage. The young mnn, who was a courageous fellow, instantly leaped up and, armed with a revolver, rushed after the supposed burglar ; but imagine his consternation when h'o found the doors' all locked^ the ' windows "barred as he loft them, and no trace of tho twice sought for burglar. Determined to make the -discovery,1 lie/ palled , upj InV wife, and'jhaving attire'd themselves, they seated themselves 'by the fire, with a lighted candle on the table be side tlioui. Again they hoard the loot step along the passage,tasif.coiniug to wards the chamber wherein'they'were ..seated, eagerly listening. A strange fear took possession of the pair as the footstep- approached ..Ihoau- —3?hej husband grasped the revive,r, bit it fell from his' hand on the) la bio, "the wife looked at him with oves distended with terror and alarm, and as a cold rash of air penetrated the /rpoin and blew ont the light, she ntiered one loud shriek of terror and fainted. When she recovered,- she declared to her husband that she saw the figure of a man, attired in shabby habiliments, stand with bis arms folded, andihis^os set fixedly, fearfully gazing at lier, nt the next moment the cold rush of air alluded to penetrated, the rooin.«,aiid she saw no more. °'3$e^yoon|f, Unifier i left the premises on that very night, and took his lodgings at a neighbour's house, to whom ho related the wtiolo of the strange affair.- Of course, the Basyville folks had heard tbo strange reports concerning the place from various other sources,and,'.they ad vised the young man to leave the Hall instantly, as no one had ever romainod for any length ^of. tiine^irutbp-pjncejat night sihee Harry Greville, the ' youiig profligate roue, died. The young farmer took their advice and de camped and for ^upwards of four years Moreton Hall was without an occupant. At last a tonont in the person oKaiEold sea&aptain;^ with1- a. servant, rented it for a month. He had been apprized of tho danger of seeing an apparition within its: walls afterf niglit-fallr;-' b'ufc ho- laughe'd yat the strange piece of intelligence. Armed with an old cutlass, and having his servant at bis elbow, tho captain waited for the ghost of tho witching hour. Nor did bo wait long in vain. As the/hour'iof.'midnight'i came tile footstep as of a man approached from j tho farther end of tho—passago, and stopped _abruptly. .in., Jtput^fp ,-the : cliambpr .whereiu ;the; captainsaridvliis ! servint?.werellocatedi &'bis!fwas tho* same., chamber whore the young farmer and his wifo wore seated when the latter boheld the ghost uf yonng Greville. Ai this moment, the cap tain's servant (an Irishman named Clynch) uttered a loud scream and rolled from his sonfr senseless on the -floor. The ; captain y brow a jug of. water over" .bm), aiid, with • his-, eyes ■fixed on: the. door, waited patiently. The captain" was,- in no way super stitious ho "believed :lbat the whole cause of tliO -Btrnnge reports,■; etc., originated with Boine natural design, some trick of an intriguer for his own purpose.;- .But bis opinion :rsoon changed when "he beheld-at the: door way the figure of-'a man," dressed in a suit of grey: habiliments, willi his arms folded on liis breast, and:, Ins., eyes glaring wildly. ;'"The courage .which supported the captnip on former-occa sions did not desert him now ; so cull ing on the ghostly intrudor to speak Wd declare ljis errand, be iwnSjBotne-j ■wbatlaBtonished cto see the apparition [joint to a small nook adjoining the fire-place, and disappear without uttering a word. ' ■ The captain roused his servant into,:a state of- consuious-! ness,; and they soarched - the'nookm question." It was n:small aperture in., the wall, wherein a stove Itnd once been placed; but which had lon<* lioVn unused. In this aporture tho skeleton of a human'-being (to 'all appearance' that' of a^woman, from tho leuflflh Tof the hair, stillattached to the .skull) was ..found -.doubled ; up,:ias .if. ifcn:had. been placed or J comprcssed! in 'that' manno, in order to conceal it williin the small compass accorded to it. To drag this skeleton from 'its "place of concoalmont was the work of' a .few moments ; and,' on tho following day, the captain communicated with' the authorities, and a minute search was made in and about' the- promises of Morelon Hall. .t .Tho skoleton was recognised as that of a young' woman who was tho paramour of Harry Grevillo, and who suddenly disap peared from tho placo. a year or so previous to his, downfall:: .... Hoi had circulated, a report that she had gono to Euglaud ; and • ihe" report " was orodited. The fact was, (ho unfoitu nato woman was murdered . by. him and hidden in tho nperturo of the wall, a place where no one would have sought for aught concerning.her; fate. But his shado could not rest till the affair was cleared up ;.and, strangp though it bo, it is an acknowledged fact that Moreton Hall no longor possesses tho reputo of being haunted sinco tho memorable discovery of the skeleton, and at tho tituo I write this it is tenanted by the .local attorney; a gentleman to whom. tho vendor is referred for tho credence of itlie abovo; marvellous tale. 