BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The sittings of the annual meeting of the 'ministers and representatives of the Bible Christian Church in South Australia oommenced at the Young-street Chapel on Wednesday, February 10, at 2 p.m. There was a large attendance of members, only one minister being absent through distance. The Rev. J. Way, the ex- Chairmain, opened the meeting by giving out the 1st hymn, and the Rev. W. Richards engaged fn prayer. The Acting Cbairman remarked on the sad event that placed him in tbe position in which he was then found —viz., the sudden and unexpected death of the Rev. James Ashton, Chairman of the District. He then called upon the meeting to elect a suooeEsor, and Rev. Thomas Piper was appointed by a large majority. Mr. Piper thanked the meeting for the expression of their confidence in him, and hoped that amidst the most diverse expression of opinion there would be the most I harmonious feeling manifested. Rev. Thomas I Hillman was chosen as Secretary, the Revs; O. 1 Lake aDd It. Kelley, Assistant Secretaries, and j the Revs. T. McNeil and W. W. Finch reporters j to the Press. 1 When the meeting was properly formed it s proceeded at onoe to oonsider the loss whioh the j District and Connexion had sustained in the : death of the late Chairman. A very. solemn feeling peryaded the assembly. Every one felt ] that he had lost a friend and brother, and the j District one of its most valuable workers. The ] uncertainty of life and the solemnity of minis- j terial work were keenly felt by all. The follow- ] ing resolution was moved by Dr. Campbell and i seoonded by the Rev. T. Allen:—"That this | meeting record its deep sense of the loss we and the Connexion have sustained in the death of the late Chairman, the- Rev. James Ashton. With his departure for a nobler sphere of existence we are personally sinoerely conscious that we, have not only lost a friend and worthy fellow-labourer, . but a man of good heart and wise counsels. We . would further express our deep sympathy with the widow and bereaved children, and we pray that God may supply that comfort and sustaining grace that our poor humanity noeds when bonds so' dear are. broken. At the suggestion of the Chairman, the resolu tion was passed by all tlfe brethren standing for a few moments, and so deep'and general was the feeling of sorrow that tears flowed down many faces. At the request of the Chairman tbe "Rev. James Way engaged in prayer. Tais venerable minister thanked. God for sparing ' those present, and prayed that the trying dis-j pensation might be sanctified to all, and that divine guidance said strength might be given to the widow and fatherless. . The Rev. W. H. Hosking, of Victoria, who was present as a deputation from the sister Churches in that colony, was introduoed by the Chairman and most heartily received. • He ; thanked the meeting for the kind reception j they had accorded, and expressed a hope that through such means as sending deputations to each other's District the Churches of the colonies might be brought closer together. The Rev. J. Raymont, who has been seat to this provinoo by the English Conference, was cordially welcomed, and- a resolution oa the matter was adopted. Resolutions from the various quarterly meetings to the District Meeting were than read, a list of business was drawn, and the first session closed. In the evening the funeral sermon of the lata Mr. Ashton was preached by the Rev. T. Piper to a large and attentive congregation from 1 Thes. iv. 13-14 and 1 Cor. xv. 35 to 44, subject, " The resurrection body." In tbe treatment of his topic he showed considerable thought and research, and he delivered the discourse elo quently. Afterwards Mr. Piper read a brief sketch of the late reverend gentleman's life and character. At the close of the service the Lord's j Supper was administered to the ministers and j representatives attending the District Meeting j and other members of tbo Church. i Skookd Dat. I After the singing of a hymn, theSecrefcary' read a portion of "Scripture, and the Her. fi. i Lang offered prayer. On the motion of the Rev. O. Lake, ft was resolved—" That the best thanks be given to the Rev. T. Piper for his able and excellent sermon of the previous evening; and' that he be requested to publish it initio Bible Christian Quarterly Magazine." The work of the District Committee during the past year came under review, and, after a lengthy discussion on some important questions, was passed. A circular received from the Connezional Committee at home, soliciting an expression of the riews and feelings of this District Meeting as to the propriety of effecting a change in. the Connexions! name, was introduced, and after a warm and interesting debate the retention of the present name was unanimously decided upon. Third Dat. The English correspondence was reacLand a resolution was passed requesting the English Conference to take the necessary steps for forming a South Australian Conference. A scheme was submitted by Rev, J. Thome to establish a . fund for the relief of burdened trust estates. This oooupied the whole session, and'with a little modification was adopted. - On Thursday evening the Rev. fL Mason preached in the Young-street Chapel in connec tion with the District Meeting from Colossian L 27*28. The sermon was earnest and practical. Fourth Session. The Chairman gave out a hymn, the Secre tary read a portion of Scripture, and the Rev. C. Tresise engaged in prayer. The Pastors' reports of the spiritual state of their circuits were read, and the meeting went into Committee to consider them. A lengthy and interesting discussion followed, in which Revs. J Haneeck, O. Lake, J. Thome, J. Rock, J. Stoyel, R. Relley, C. Tresise, T. McNeil, W. H. Hosking, and Messrs. W. Radford and J. SyxsoDs took part. The following resolution was then adopted:—" That in reviewing the spiritual state of the District we feel there is reason for humility before God. Whilst there is a delightful unity among the ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies, sweet seasons of blessings have been realized by us in the preach ing of the Word, many sinners have been con verted, sixty-four persons have been added to the number of our Society, yet we feel we have not reached the point we desire. We had hoped for larger accessions to the Church, and there are complaints in some directions of the neglect of the Lord's Supper and other social means of grace, and consequent barrenness of soul, so that we feel earnestly to pray for a baptism of the Holy Ghost and the power sent down from heaven, and from our hearts we still cry, • O Lord, revive thy work.'" This subject occupied the whole of the morning. Mr. J. Osborne, who has laboured successfully during the past year, was received as a candi date for the ministry. A communication was received from the Primitive Methodist District Meeting concerning the sale of Crafers Chapel, and a reply was sent. A Committee, consisting of the Revs. J. Hancock, J. Trewin, C. Tresise, and J. Thome, Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symons, -was appointed to draw up a scheme for the education of eligible young men for the ministry,. and to report cn the subject on Monday morning. Fifth Session. On the motion of Rev. J. Rock the following resolution of sympathy with Rev. T. Allen, whose present state of health necessitates at least a year's rest, was recorded—"That we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Bro. Thomas Allen's health has so seriously failed that immediate and entire rest from ministerial labour is necessary. We assure our dear brother of our deep and warm sympathy with him in his severe affliction, and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means used for his restoration to health he may soon be perfectly restored, and resume Ms work amongst us." After many expressions of regret at the affliction of Mr. Allen it was unanimously decided that he hare a year's rest with a view to the recovery of his health. Kapunda Circuit asked that an extra minister be appointed, salary guaranteed. One to be sent if possible. The Northern Areas asked for at least one more. Another to be sent if pos sible. On Friday evening the Ministers and Repre. sentatives related their Christian experienoes, and the following resolution was unanimouly adopted—"That having related our Christian experience we feel there is cause for much gra titude to God for the measure of spiritual life which we enjoy. An ever-strengthening re liance upon the great atonement of Christ, an increase of love to God and man, strong desires for a complete consecration to our great work, and the most confident anticipation of future glory were expressed with much simplicity and feeling. And though we have not been without trial both in our personal experience and in the promotion of our great work, yet we were all inclined to look more to our victories and to the inspiration of higher aims in the cultivation of personal piety, being impressed with this fact that this will not only make us a great power | for goodin this land, but will mast certainly j secure for us the ' Well doue !' of Christ, which is the highest bliss that we seek." Sixth Session. The meeting decided to send an additional minister to the South-East Mission, if possible. A considerable amount of routine business was next gone through, occupying the remainder of the session. The Stationing Committee were appointed to sit on Saturday afternoon to draw up their first list ef Stations. On Sunday sermons were preached in the Young-street Church to large and attentive con gregations—in the morning and evening by the Bev. W. H. Hosken, a deputation from Victoria. He took for his text in the morning I. John ii., 5, 6, 7; and at night Psalm exxvi., 5, 6. The sermons were clear expositions of divine truth, and were rich in thought, apt in illustration, and eloquently delivered. In the afternoon the Bev. J. Baymopt delivered from I. Timothy in, 11, a deeply interesting and an appropriate sermon. Seventh Session, training of toung men. In pursuance of the instructions of the Sixth Session the Committee appointed to draw up a plan for the training of eligible young men for the ministry submitted their scheme. The con sideration of the plan was carefully prooeeded with and freely discussed, occupying a large portion of the session. After some modifications, on the motion of Dr. Campbell the scheme was unanimously adopted. On the pasdng of the resolution it was stated that two or three young men were already available. INCREASE of stipend. The following resolution of the Auburn Quarterly Meeting was next submitted:—" That we suggest to the District Meeting the advisability of raising the minister's salary £50, ana that our representative be instructed to endeavour to get such a law adopted by the District Meeting." A very lengthy and spirited discussion followed, in which the Revs. J. Way, J. Hancock, J. -Rock, C. Tresise, J. Thome, J. Trewin, T. McNeil, Messrs. W. Radford, W. Robins, W. Symons, J. Coventry, W. Taylor, B. Gould, and Dr. Camp bell took part. The proposition was adopted. . A small amount of miscellaneous business was then gone through, i The Eighth Session. After singing, the Becrefcary read* a portion of Scripture and the Rev, J. Osborne offered prayer. t The consideration - of the stations was pro ' seeded with, and occupied the whole of the meeting. ■ After one or two. alterations the list -was finally passed as follows:— Adelaide—J. Way, John Abraham Burns. Kooringa—Thomas Hillman, Kapunda—Joahu* Foster; another. Gawler—-Joseph Rock, John Raymont. Auburn—Thomas Piper; another. Clarendon—James Stoyel. - Mount Torrens—William Wesley Finch. . Yankalilla—Henry Mason. Port Elliot—-William Richards. Mount Lqfty—Richard Lang, Bowden—Joseph Hanoock; Thomas Allen, supernumerary; James Roberts and John Rid clift, superannuated. Riverton-!-John Thome. Kadina—Octavius Lake, Richard Kelley; Jas. Trewin, superannuated. Port Augusta—Thomas McNeil. Robe—Charles Tresise. Port Wakefield—John Osborne. Broughtou and Gladstone—J ohn Dingle. Public Meeting. On Monday tea and public meetings were held at tke Young-street Bible Christian Church, in connection with the District Meetings now being held. The proceedings partook of the character of a welcome to recognise the atten dance of the Rev. W. H. Hosken as a deputa tion from Ballar&t;, Victoria, and of the Rev. J. Raymont, who has recently arrived, from England to accept a charge at Gawler, There was a fair attendance at both meetings, and the Rev. T: Piper, Chairman, of the District, presided. The Chairman, in referring to the welcome of Messrs. Hosken and Raymont, pointed out that the Church had long felt the desirableness and importance of creating a deeper sympathy and union between them selves and their friends in Victoria, and they thought. that an interchange of deputations would b9 tbo best means. of bringing it about, . iThe reBult was that Mr, Hosken wa4 amongst them, aud he was- sure' he came with a large amount of sympathy from bis own Churches, and trusted that the inter change initiated would lead to a truer union amongst the Australian Churches of their con nexion. Hitherto they bad received informa tion about England, while they knew little about their Victorian brethren except through that source, and were in fact almost alienated from their friends in the other colonies. He was sure their Victorian friends could not have deputed a gentleman who could more thoroughly, cheerfully, aad_ loviogly have expressed their kindly feelings. His presence and influence were sure to have a beneficial effect. They had among them a minister from England who had come to assist them. They had recently had several losses. Their late much-respected Chairman of the District had been taken away by death, and Mr. Allen bad been laid aside by sickness. They were thankful that Mr. Raymont had come, and he assured Wm that he was very sincerely welcomed as a fellow- labourer. He regretted that in oonsequenoe of illness that gentleman was unable to be present. Their Dis trict Meeting had, he thought, been blessed by divine influences, and he felt that there was a determination to work in unity and for one pur pose. The Rov. J. Hancock proposed *' That this) meeting desires to express its great pleasure at receiving our brother, the ftev. W. H. Hosken, as a deputation from the Bible Christian Church in Victoria, and Its hearty appreciation of his ability as a minister, his personal excel lence as a Christian brother, and our trust that the interchange of deputation initiated , by his visit may lead to a closer union between our Churches of the Australian Colonies; and we further dtsire to offer to Mr. Raymont our most cordial and brotherly weloome, and to record our hope that his labours as a minister in this country may be crowned with great success." Be welcomed Mm as a fellow-countryman, as a member of tbe same section of the Christian Church, and as having taken his stand upon the deck of the same vessel when they left Liverpool for Australia, and his prayer was that he might return to Victoria in the fulness of the blessing of Cod. The Rev. T, McNeil seconded the pre position, which was supported by the Rev. J. Thome. Each of the speakers expressed his pleasure at the circumstances which had called the meeting together, and joined in the weloome extended to Messrs. Hosken and Raymont. The proposition having been heartily carried, the Rev. W. H. Hosken expressed his acknow ledgments of the weloome extended to him, and pointed out, with reference to the decision to send a deputation from Vic toria, that having been selected he was thankful to have the «pririlege and oppor tunity of ooming to the colony. * It had afforded him great pleasure in meeting old friends and brethren engaged in the same work, and he had seen how the Church was progressing in South Australia. He should take back a very favourable report, and should always have a lively and pleasant recollection of his visit. As to the result of the initiation of an interchange of deputations there might be some speculation, but be had no doubt it would be a blessing to the Churches in both colonies; and he conceived that by-and-by it would be a financial advantage, as instead of sending to England for ministers they might be able to have an interchange of ministers from the various colonies. Having expressed his sympathy with the Rev. Mr. Raymont in his illness and his belief that he would he a noble accession to the Church in South Australia, he ; assured the meeting of the sympathy of the Churches in Victoria, and then gave an interest ing and cheering account of their labours in that colony, mentioning that they numbered amongst them many of those who Mid emigrated from South Australia and were settled in Victoria. A collection was made in aid of the Mission House funds, and during the evening several selections of sacred music were contributed by the choir. A comprehensive vote moved by the Rev. O. Lake and seoonded by the Rev. R. Kelley having been accorded the proceedings ended. The total proceeds from the collections and tea amounted to £20. Ninth Session. The Secretarv read a portion of Scripture and tbe Rev. J. Stoyel engaged in prayer. The roll was again called. A scheme for the adoption of weekly contri butions to defray the various expenses in work ing circuits and missions, such as Ministers' Stipend, Connexional, and other Funds, was submitted by Dr. Campbell; and after a spirited and interesting discussion was unanimously recommended to the consideration of the quarterly meetings in each circuit. BOOK AFFAIBS. On the motion of the Rev. J. Rock the Book Steward's report was unanimously adopted. It was resolved that thanks be presented to the Book Steward for Mb services, and that Mr. Way be reappointed to that office. CHAPEL ACCOUNTS. The Chapel 8ecretarv, the Rev. R. Lang, pre sented his report, which showed that there are in the district 86 chapels and 15 ministers' resi dences; present debt, £17,188 16s. lid.; total income, £4,600 6s. Pd.; interest paid, £1,006 15s. Sd.; debt paid off, £1,932 4s. 2d. Seven new chapels have been erected. It was unani mously carried that thanks be presented to Mr. Lang for Ms services as Chapel Secretary, and that he be reappointed for the ensuing year. Tenth Session. A hymn was sung, the Secretary read a portion of Scriptures, and the Rev. J. Raymont engaged in prayer. Mr. 8. J. Way, Q.C., visited the District Meeting early in the afternoon and invited the ministers and representatives to spend Wednes day with him at the_ New Reservoir. The meeting accepted the invitation, and thanked Mr. Way for his kindness. sale of chapels. The English Conference was requested to grant permission to sell two trust estates. EDITOBSHD? OF BIBLE CHBISTIAN MAGAZINE. It was unanimously resolved that the best thanks of the meeting be presented to the Rev. J. Thorne for his services during the past year as Editor of the magazine, and that he be reap pointed. deputation to victoria. On the motion of the Rev. J. Trewin, the Rev. J. Hancock was appointed as a friendly deputation to the Melbourne District Meeting of 1876. With reference to this appointment the Rev. W. H. HoskeD, of Victoria, said— " We ought to have a definite object in view by ' the yearly interchange of deputations. Every thing considered, the two Districts, viz., South Australia aud Victoria, are near an equality as to responsibilities and privileges; consequently there can exist no material difficulty for an interchange of ministers by-and-by, thus pro ducing a better state of things in tne Churches throughout the colonies." The Rev. J. Trewin submitted the following resolution:—" As the presence of Bro. Hosken in this District has already largely contributed to a better understanding of our brethren and their work in Victoria, with a view to further that object we decide to send a duplicate copy of the minutes of this District Meeting to the Chairman of the Melbourne District, and trust the time will come when an interchange of ministers will be effected which may be agree able to the tastes and feelings of such brethren and contribute to the healthier workings of both Districts. FUTURE CHAIRMAN OF THE DISTRICT. It was decided that the Eoglish Conference be respectfully requested to appoint the Rev. T. Piper as the Chairman of the District for 1876. THE GOOD TKMPI,AKS. The subjoined address was received:—"Inde pendent Order of Good Templars. Office of G.W. Sec.,' Adelaide, February 14, 1875. To the members of the Bible Christian - Council. Sirs and Brethren—We avail ourselves of your assembling in District Council to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and to express our devout thankfulness that so many of the ministers and brethren of your oonuexiou are earnest workers in the great ooubs of temperance reform. We fear that despite the earnest labours of many in our community, the pernicious custom of indulgence in intoxicating drinks is making rapid strides, to the injury of our best interests as a community, and to the serious hindfahce of all Christum effort; and we shall therefore be heartily glad to secure the co- operation of all your ministers and members in our assaults upon this growing evil, that Christians of every name may present a more united front, and come to the help of the Lord against the mighty. We are, dear Sirs and Brethren, on behalf of the members of the Independent Order of Good Templars, on behalf j of the Executive, John Thorne, Grand Worthy j Chief Templar; E, F. Kiagdon, Grand Worthy i Secretary; T. Rhodes, Grand Worthy Treasurer." | It was unanimously decided to present tbe following reply:—" Gentlemen—We the mem bers of the) Bible Christian District Meeting cordially receive the address presented by you. We assure you of our deep interest in the work in which you are engaged, believing as we do that intemperance is one of the greatest hin drances to our work, and the fruitful source of crime and misery. We trust that the Order wi'l spread'aud prosper, and that, however great the evil with which we contend, we shall be sus tained by the righteousness of oar cause, ami "the assurancia that God will bless so divine a work." Eleventh Session. 1 MISSION GRANTS.. Several grants were voted according to the .extent of-He foods of the Missionary Society to thdse Mission Stations requiring aid. APPOINTMENTS. District ■ Committee—The Chairman and Secretary of the District, Revs. J. Way, J. Bannock, J, -Rock, R. Dang, J. Thorne, Dr. ' Campbell, Messrs. 3L Gould, and W. Lewis; Stationing Committee—Chairman and Sec retary of District, Revk, J. Way, J. Hancock, J. Stoyel, J. Rock, R. Lang, and O. Lake, i College Committee—Chairman of District, Revs. J. Hancock, 0. Lake,.and J. Thorne, Mr. S. J. Way (Treasurer), and Dr. Campbell (Secretary). MINISTERS changing circuits. On the motion of the Rev. O. Lake it was decided that ministers should be in their new Circuits by the first Sunday in April. The Revs. R. Dang and W. W. Finch wero appointed to prepare a full report of the District Meeting for tbe next issue of the ffi&l;* Christian Magasins. Thanks were presented to the Rev. T. Piper as Chairman, Revs. T. Hillman, O. Lake, and R. Keiley ae Secretaries, and Revs. T. McNeil and W. W. Finch as reporters for the Press. _ The following resolution was unanimously adopted:—" That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the Press for publishing the proceedings of the District Meeting." The Rev. W. H. Hosken, at the close expressed himself as thoroughly satisfied wit the general kindness shown him. He also expressed his admiration of the able manner in which the business had been conducted, aud stated that he should carry back to Victoria the sweetest remembrances of his visit to South Australia as a friendly deputation. The Rev. T. Piper, the Chairman, expressed his high gratification at the spirit of the District Meeting and the dispatch with which the business had been conducted. Several impor tant measures had been adopted, which he trusted would materially promote the welfare of the district. He had endeavoured to conduct the business with fairness to all, and was pleased that the brethren had so cordially supported bim. He was hopeful that the coming year would be one of great prosperity. The minutes were then confirmed, and a pleasant and important District Meeting was closed by the Rev. T. Piper offering prayer. 