"diKKiNG ov a un GEORGE'S RIVER PUNT. Firday morning, in consequence of the strong; gale from Slh-eaat.wilha heavy sea, the punt atTomDgly'a blTl,clnsr in a leaky state, filled and went down The sea and his son were about to make efforts to save her. Ihetiafflo is of course for the present interrupted Proont, IN THE HUNT Fit -A telegram received tem Morpeth yesterday evening, which appears in our LirVrnohic columns, contains the intelligence that the SM Hunter, Paterson, and Williams are again in floods The/". lowlands on the banns of the Hunter ore sub paid The visitation is the more unfortunate as it occurs S S reason of the year when large crops of maize and lucerne are almost ready for gathering in. FIRE ON J5RICKHFLD-IHT,L-About a quarter to 2 o'clock, yesterday morning, a civilian reported to snnHintendtnt Down, at the Fire Brigade Station, that ihTa as a fire burning on Brickfield-hill. The young "as "he reported the fire stated that while passing along OfVe street, going from Bathurst-street towards Liver rrtilftrcot, he saw a large quantity of smoke coming through the shutters of the Melbourne Club Hotel, so he at once gave the alarm Mr. Bown despatched idea of his engines to the spot and, on their arrival, it was found that a serious conflagration is going on "side the hotel. The Brigade's hydrant marasmus was put to work, and so were the three engines, while the engines were being set to work, Mr. Bown got some of his men to place fodders at both front and rear of the premise, so that the inmates of the house might escape. Two females made their exit through a window at the rear of the building, and five or six gentlemen lodgers climbed down the ladders in front and George street. The occupants of the hotel luck nothing whatever of the fire until they are awakened by the firemen knocking at the front door the firemen broke open this door and immediately went to work pouring copious streams of water on the fire The heat coming from the fire was very intense, so much so that each fireman could not stop longer than half-minute a turn at the brass" of the hose. The book is occupied by Mr Thomas McDonald Dalveen, and is the property of Mr A F. Wilshire, of Mulgoa, and is insured The bro originated in a room close to the bar which was used an a cellar and store room. A number of straw covers used for picking bottles in had been thrown behind some casks of brandy, and this is the spot where the fire is supposed to have had its origin. On shelf in this storeroom there was a gross of matches kept, and, the place being infested with rats, it is thought reliable that the number had been knocked down by the nts, and, igniting, set fire to the straw, and caused the conflagration Mr Dalveen went into the store about 1 a dock on the morning mentioned, and at that time, he says, there were no signs of a fire. When he went in he did not to be a candle with him, as the gas which was 1 arming in the bar gave him a good light over the top of the par tition The damage done by the fire was the total destruction of the storeroom and contents, besides injury to the 1 sr and the pictures and goods in it, between £160 and £201) is about the extent of the damage. Mr Dalveen Is insured for £800 on his furniture, £400 on fixtures and fittings, and £300 on his stock, making ft tod 1 of £1600 insurance. Before this fire was discovered, an alarm was raised about half- past 12 o'clock that Mr Burns's mills, in Woolloomooloo, were to fires, but happily it turned out to be false The bro men were at the Brigade station about a quarter to 2 o'clock, When the roll was being called, and it was then that the information were received of the second Uro. Had Methuen for the false alarm, there is not the slightest doubt but that before the firemen could have been collected, the building, and perhaps the whole flock would have been burnt, but luckily it n happened that the men were mustered, and were of course speedily at the fire A very heavy gale of wind was blowing at the time. The fire engines arrived in the following order, viz -Sydney Fire Brigade, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd No 2 Volunteer 3 are Co., 4th, No. 2 Volunteer, 5th, No 2 Volunteer, 6th and 7th, so that in all there were seven engines on the spot Between 300 and 400 persons collected in front of the building, and a number of the members of the police force, under Sub-Inspector Alderton, were present. THE LATE FIRE AT XI WIOWN.-This morning, at 9 o'clock, The City Coroner will hold an inquest at Newtown touching the cause of destruction by fire of the premises lately occupied by Mr. Stanley. AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. Owners and trainers are reminded that the entries for the forthcoming Autumn meeting must reach the secretary of the A J. Cf. st or before 4 p.m on Tuesday next. RACING OMNH-USES-Theie seems to be a rather exciting competition between two companies running omnibuses between Sydney and Newtown, carried on to a degree anything but assuring to passengers Many complaints have been made on the subject, but, as the room planners have not given the necessary information either to the police or the inspector of public vehicles, the offenders have not been brought to book On Thursday night, however, the drivers John Hill and Benjamin Vine-wore apprehended by a policeman, is Zingara the delicto, and were on Saturday fined at the Central Police Court £3 each, or, is default of payment, to be imprisoned one month. ACCIDENTS. About '9 o'clock on Saturday light a man named Patrick Usher was run over by an omnibus in George-street South, near Regent-street, and received a compound fracture of his left leg John Burton, of Bay street, Glebe, was, on the same day, knocked down by a cab driven by Richard Cook, and sustained a fracture of one of his jaw bones. Thomas Cowan, on Saturday while engaged at Luker's flour mill carrying some bags of flour, fell and injured his book. A boy named Alfred Hutchinson, when playing with his brother yesterday morning, fell and broke his left shoulder. The abovenamed persons were taken to the Infirmary and admitted. BENEFIT TO THE MAN FISH. This evening Mr. Charles Weightman, whose subaqueous performances have caused considerable astonishment in Sydney, will take < a farewell benefit at the Victoria Theatre. UIOBZA'S CONCERT On Saturday evening, the third of Signor Giorza's concerts took place at the < School of Arts, before a tolerably numerous audience., The concert opened with a grand scena the oath scene,, from Meyerbeer's " Huguenots "-which was ably rendered by all, and very deservedly applauded A very beautiful and elaborate concert piece composed by Carl Von Wooer,, followed, the exquisite performance of the pianist (Signor' Gloria) being therein very creditably supported by the orchestral accompaniments. Rossini's admired semi comic trio of " Pana taxi " came next, and was cleverly prs wntodbyMesFrs Hinch), Lynch, and Bushalle In the aria of "Noble Signori" (from " Gil TJgonotti"), Mrs Miles, was highly successful. Signor Giorza next played an exquisite piece composed by himself entitled " Souvenir of Balfe's. Hohrman Curtain the quaint and intricate variations of which, the skill of a matter was freely manifested and] enthusiastically applauded Being unmistakably encored,! the artist played some short musical trifle, in acknowledgement of the compliment. Signor Simonetti then sang a Verdi's' remains, "Per respects more," much better than on a previous occasion, but still with decided harshness in some of his tender notes This romanza was substituted for the "Ah non ever put lagrime" of Donizetti, which appeared on the programme. In the area of " D Amor and ah roses," and in "Ah, she la Morte ' (Verdi), atlas Moon was faultless-but the chorus was weak and others so susceptible of improvement. In the second part of the programme, compositions by Rossini, Meyerbeer, Bellini, und Randegger formed port of the intellectual treat provided, the musical skill of Giorza being exerted worthily to reproduce some of the magnificent harmonies of Beethoven ' INTIKCOLOMAL HANDEVLL llAitti -A hand- ball match between W Thompson, the representative of New South Wales, and P Langham, the representative of Victoria, was played in the ball alley at the Victoria Bore races on Saturday afternoon, about 300 persons being present to witness it. It was thought that the contest would be very close one, as Thompson was looked upon at a fair rival to Lnuehani, and it was confidently hoped that the defeat to which New South Wales, through her representatives, was subjected on the two previous days, would be compensated for on this occasion by a victory over- the chosen champion of the Victorian re. ncBentaiives Those who entertained this hope, however, suffered a great disappointment, as three games of the rubber of five were won, with Cimi parative ease, by Langham Four games were Played Thompson winning the third, and Langham the first, second, and fourth , the total number a aces scored by the latter being 31 against who is scored by Thompson. The play was excellent on both sides, and each of the players distinguished Massif by making several very clever strokes There was "ty little better,;, and, in the bets that were made, the Mail were laid in favour of Langham. The first game was "began shortly after o o'clock, Langham going in first, and progress was made, with varying success, until the south reached "13 nil." Then Thompson's play remained at "Md lock, while Langham ran his score up to 21, the total of the game. In the second game, when Thompson had made one ace, Langham's score stood st 9, and was in creased to 14 before the number of Thompson's aces stated. The three next succeeding strokes increased Thompson s figure to 5, and thus it remained until Lang Mm had scored 21 races, and won the second game, The awa game was closely contested, and occasioned a good deal of excitement among the spectators, Thompson Bua- races, in running his score up to 9 before Langham had gained more than one race, but the tide of luck were changed in Langham's favour, and ran on with wm until the scorer cried "9 all." After each had scored I.T. Joe'., woman went on to us at the' offers he remained until Thompson again asked" him. He then carried his score to 18, Thompson did the same, and the fjamaoonscquentl) stood at " 18 all " There was quite a fever of excitement at this point, as the Victorian man had r7»,^!>r?l.0?ly tales "no,,, need to mUf and dun a ghost Î.-ÎL; oat occurred both players received from their "festive admirers innumerable suggestions, energetically succeed, as to how they should stake. Thompson, how he", mined the 21 aces before Langham had added to his and so won the third game. The fourth game was very uninteresting, and was badly played on Thompson's ttfV,!." leviable portions having evidently put him out himïïLMTii1Pni'ged,OB00tet5roe "SS W with the TIM obliged to be content, as Langham rapidly ran but iSffiJP VI' ""I terminates match in favour of wSÍ£j?ktm,*%'A?m at. *>+lfrm for the latter the 00,0"iM. has &***.*»*. 