? •DESCaiPTION <JF THE 'O'COKNBtl.'! MOITOMBNT. ! ' ! fi. At a late me^tarig of the' O'Cbnnell Monument Committee in Dublin,: tW Bev. Mr. OHdnite, P.P. (on®; of l&f; commissioners),' • was jaskedto read th« jointreport of SirJohn Gray/ MlPiiand himself. It was aa'follows• i GENTLEMBN,'— In 'accordance "witih your resolution bf Thursday !ast", ! wel.Tiis diy tisSteS • the' 'iitfdio of the' 'Mr. 1 ]?6l6y: : Prom the -model exhibited imm yeart ago in! the Cfty 1 Hall; 1 Dtihlby<4 will reinfembe^ ith^t. the 'momimtot consis^bfihreejprinbipal parts : 1\. A' diiim, which is to rest 'on a stone pedestal, and on! wTuch is to stand the colossal figure of tlie Liberator. . ' 2\. Four seated wingfed Victories, placed at equal distances arojmd the drum; and oh the baine elpvation, t>ut' not reposing against it. ' ' ". 3 : . Thie figure 'of the Liberator himself. We now proceed to lay. before you the state of the full-sized cUy .model of thiB monument as enlarged /rom the miniature model shown in Dublin. And first, as tp'the drum. It is ^ornamented with fifty- figures, which are grouped round it; fourteen of theBe are in high relief—so high, indeed, ithat they may be almost egarded as statues.. The principal figure is Erin jtrampling upon broken fetters ; with her right ar.m uplifted she points, to O'Connell, as if to indicate ttiat it was he who broke the chains on which , she is trampling, and thereby freed, the groups who . are gathering .round to look upon the face of their Liberator. She stands seven feet six inches-high. Her head is crowned, with a wreath of shamrocks, and in her left hand she holds a scroll, the record of d'Coi^H's deeds. The pther figures in bold relief are representative figures, emblematic of Art, Science, and the various professions, Religion, Industry, Study, each having its appropriate figure. The remaining thirty-six figures are in ordinary relief, , and ate of equal height with those in high relief, namely, seven feet. This drum, with its fifty figures, is. complete, and was, beyond doubt, complete before Mr. Foley's death, with the exception of what is called the undercutting of some of the figures in high relief. The , four winged Victories are incomplete. Nothing has been done to them, except that the heads—the most important parts—were modelled a considerable time ago by Mr. Foley. Of course the whole design for them exists in the small modeL These "Victories, if in a standing position, would be ten feet high. Coming to the chief part of all, the statue of O'Connell, it is modelled full Bize ; and that this was done in the lifetime of Mr. Foley there can be no doubt, for ionejof your deputatipn saw it no more than,two years .ago, as did also a distinguished member pf *your committee, Sir Dominie Corrigan. Mr, Foley gave the finishing touches to the head a few weeks before he was seized with his last illness ; but the feet,, where the trousers fall on the boot, have not received their finishing touches. This figure stands thirteen feet high. The shields emblematic of the four provinces are not modelled full .size, but this we do not regard as a matter ,of very much Importance. , :3Ir. Teniawood, the friend and intending executor of Mr. Foley, received us with great courtesy* and elipwed every diapoaition to give us the fullest information, and with the greatest readiness placed everything connected . with .the monument before ; us. He said he put himself and; the whole matter in the. hands of the committee, being determined to act tbat just.and honourable part which, ;he ktiew his friend would, have, apted had lie lived. , .Mr. Tenia Wood had not, as yet, the full power,, of • an executor, .as Mr, Foley's will is not proved,,but -jt is. coniidently expected thatit will be proved, in 8 We '. "JOHN GEAX, JVLP. .;" JOBN O.'BOBRKE, P.P." THE BIRTHPLACE OP GOIDSMITHI Among the Tjitthj^aJcfes iif 1 the flltistrious there is/perhaps^ "not one more remote'from " the btisy'haunts of men/' -tlian Pallafi, the- birthplabe of Olivter Goldsmith, sitnatediifa Wpariah of Forginy, cburity Tjo'bgKrd.' ' Itib remarkable that ih -any ohe of the many biograpbioa) life 'ftir^^liib^ ^hich J M -nrbbabl^ owHig to •vj'i' the fact' . that f /InUnmijU^^iiftnl^/lflftt^ -the latler 'waa iievfer djvOiing 11 Wftftli iiiipo •f^eittjfl ( yh^«nteiibri'*'%flich^'ieB #ith'HBfe ! ^inrt ^f'-Ahrahim^tf'hHina j S ^nfitihi^^h^ogikw^yidsbe-i %ith -eaeh '«tWR" ^eti horses, bad caw, and everything else calculated to deter even the most ardent adfnirer of the poet from riaiting his birthplace. Hence that part of county Longford, iir whioh Goldsnnth's birthlace is . situated is rarely frequented Ey tourists,, Pallas is distant about three miles from .the market town of Ballymahon, from the main road, tft which it ia approached by a narrow roadway or, M boret>n." On arriving at thfe latter. one experiences the truth of Lord Macaulay'a! observations that " those who are induced to make, A pilgrimage to the birthplace of " the poot, are obliged,to perform Ahe;latter part of their journey on'foot," as this road is full: of rufcg-1mf}:flhort:turns, and is impassable to all vehicles 'except donkey carta in the neighbourhood, whose skilful whips and barefooted .-steeds, understand its intricacies, On atriving at the end of the roadway, which is about a mile in length, all that is to be seen is a small and lonely hamlet, composed of thatched cabins, and adjacent to it, one of. those circles of old treesj so common in Ireland, :which the peasantry call " forts." < Enclosed by these trees are some two acres of gfoundon which the house of the poet stood, but of which there is now no vestige remaining, save the flag at its doorstep. Traces of its garden and orchard may still be found. The circle of trees with theenclosed portion of ground form an oasis - in a wilderness. Looking at the surrounding country as far as the eye can. reach, is a black and desolate plain stretching off to the blue horizon, without an object to relieve the dull monotony of its dreary, aspect. One naturally wonders what there .could have been here to inspire with poetic sentiment the young mind of Goldsmith ; and one oannot. but think of . the old ' maxim poefa nascitur non fit. It has been supposed by some that Goldsmith's " Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain" was its author's. birthplace ; whilst others with more reaaon think it was in county Roscommon. Whatever doubt, however, there may be respecting the correctness of the latter opinion, there can be none that Auburn was not Pallas, and that the latter does not, and never did, possess any scenery or objects to correspond to the vivid-.descriptive lines of the " Deserted Village." We well remember-our first visit to Pallas. It was on a beautiful summer's evening. The last beams of the setting sun shone on the birthplace of the immortal poet. A gentle breeze waved the foliage of the whole trees, whose shadows lent a chequered hue to the grass's bright green, and in whose shade once walked the illustrious author of the " Vicar of Wakefield" and " The Traveller" when a child. A party of ladies and gentlemen wandered over the sequestered spot ; the ladieB pulled hawthorn and wild roses, and the gentlemen cut sticks, as relics from the poet's birthplace. Among the party stood an inhabitant of the place, an aged peasant man, on whose bowed and snow-white head the cMlly winds of winter had blown, and the suns of summer shone for nearly 100 years. The grandfather of this old man had remembered Goldsmith ; and he pointed to the flag at the poet's doorstep, and pointed to it with as much pride and veneration as the veteran soldier of the First French'Empire points out to the stranger in Paris the glittering golden dome of Napoleon's tomb. Of all the superstitious . peasantry we have ever met, none are more so than those of Pallas, who have innumerable stories of ghosts, . hobgoblins, and banshees, in whose existence they firmly believe, and gravely' assure the stranger that the fairies meet by moonlight, and dance round the flag at the poet's doorstep. We may assume that the superstitious beliefs of these peasantry are derived, from their ancestors who lived in the poet's time; and may readily image how the mind of'Goldsmith, when a child, became 'first possessed of that remarkably superstitious cast which it never entirely lost in his after life. It seems strange, indeed, that in county •Longford—a county which can boast of "families =of literary reputation, the house of Goldsmith (a poet whose workB must ever live in the' literature of nations) ehould be allowed to fall—that its ruins have not been preaerved. It <ig said that fe Frenchman who visited the'birthplace oF •Goldaimth,' When' looking at the ^neglected and weed-grown spot on which the house of the poet stood, naturally exclaimed,' with emotion, " Ah mes amis reg&rdez;'le lieu de naiesance d'un grande poete." Tt hfaa been isaid reproachfully -rf the lriah peoplfl that they erect few 'monumenta' to- the ! memory of their -greateBt ineta: tiut no pebple tnore re- Jvere atwd treamireHip the memory of their '•great ' departed "eoiinttymen 1 - than the WoAie of- Iryfcdi'-'-'Mo-people are-mort 4nihuteTy cbisiterearit ' ^with the features %igr aieiaeM« of Hwir gteat ^ toMi'«" lives -thin the' iri^i p^bplel trelaiid's " great %enta bf her ptotil^ . r_ , . , %eBta -br ottieS- 1 ttiai m sis tr..-ii. te mkids uid ^ ne«d Ao monu- ^ tb tlieui'lmfeciBhable ti."sn // " i fame. Many allnsions in the correspondence and. the works of Goldamith afford sufficient'proofs that,-in hiaewm words, "in all his wanderings -round this world of care," hia thoughts ever fondly turned towards this scenes of his childhoodandhis birthplace, till his restless and exhausted spirit found repose amid: the noise and bustle of England's great metropolis. W. S. TBWIift .. THE CHRISTIAN" EUINS OF ABEAN. VIATOE" writeB as follows to the Galr way Vindicator:—..'. fl the isles of Arjcan contained no other objects of attraction ,than the romantie scenery which nature has. lavished, in these interesting localities, they would still afford,ample means.for the gratification of the most fastidious tourist; but, , apart from the stern : grandeur of foamwashed cliffs and mountain billows, stupendous precipices, and loud-resounding caverns, these .islands contain objects of absorbing interest. Within the cliffbound shores of Arranmore are enbosomed the largest assemblage of Pagan and Christian ruins—all of the most remote antiquity—which can bq found within an equal area in the world. Dilapidated and neglected though they be, yet their history is associated with the most exalted sanctity, the most profound learning, and the most daring bravery. They represent two important eras in the history of our country. The rude fortress, built on the brow of some towering precipice or commanding height, and protected by its chevamc de frise, recalls memories of haughty chiefs and mail-clad warriors; while the picturesque church, with its humble cell or monastery attached, markB the spot where the follower of Him who was ''meek and humble of heart" passed the years of his mortal pilgrimage. The latter is the subject under consideration in the present article. The Christian • antiquities of Arran have long been celebrated among arohasologiats ami enthusiastic' mvons. They have, afforded a theme to the learned Colgan, and elicited the admiration of the polished scholars to whom their country owes so much— Petrie, Wilde, O'Dnnovan, and O'Curry. Built at a time when Christianity was diffusing its mild and civilising influence over our regenerated country, these churches serve as luminaries shining over the path of posterity, and silently exhorting us to tread that rugged avenue which conducted their holy founders to the ineffable reward of their labours. Beautiful ate the associations which these moss-covered ruins arouse within the Catholic bosom. Could they but speak, what tales of holy joy, patient sufferings, and happy deaths would they not relate 1 Their humble walls often echoed to hymns of praise and thanksgiving ascending from pure hearts to the throne of mercy, and how beautiful the thought that the voices which then chanted the praises of their Creator now join the everlasting chorus in the mansions whose beauty M .eye of mortal hath not seen nor ear heard.": It would he a work of greater length than the limits of a short article could permit to do full justice to the Churches of Arran. To give a detailed account of the origin and history of the principal edifice would fill a good-sized volume. The present sketch is merely intended to give a brief outline of the principal religious establishments, together with some notice of the origin and labours of their holy founders. The great St. Endew, or Eany, is the first whose name we find used in connection with these islands. Converted from the errors of Paganism, by bis sister, St. Fannhe, while returning from a victorious battlefield, he immediately chose the "better part " and hastened to Italy to receive Unnecessary religious, education before entering the ministry. After a protracted absence he returned to the land of biB nativity in order to establish a religious institution, bringing with, him^a large body of monks for that purpose. Hengus, the first Christian King of Munster, and the same person who patiently endured Uie accidental transfixion of hiB foot by St. Patrick's crosier, considering it part of the -ceremony of baptism, granted St. Eany the Islands of Arran. They were at that time inhabited by Pagan pirates, whc fled in their curraghs on the approwh of the saint arid his companions. St. Eany thus became undisputed 'possessor of a place well calcnlated to suit his advanced notions of asceticism, by ite seclusion and retirement. In a comparatively short' timb no less than ten,,distinct religiousestablishments diversified therocky Borface of Arran;! Anchorites and fcply men flocked from all parts of Euro^tp hear tho word of life frbm the> lip* <?f «»e St. Eany. Arran became r<of .wants, and a schopl of a«Stic- Cbfe island was divided in*o~&EP; great parishes, the eastern half being gorssyg .by Sfe 'Eainr himself, : and , th er WWSeni portion was assigned to the junsdM^<»«f of -the epiflWal Ardbtecan ifi'Mfia^ ^ saint was son Of Afihy BaUdaig^iWtef® grandfather dArthan •/ SSnn ^Mg^P&tA; ijr^t.Jtoick." jSt! Btecsah^'"******' ten wete situated in a beautiful valley on the northern shores of the island, and art known 1 by the name of "Seven Churches,'' but the Church of St. Eany no longer exists, having been demolished by the blood-thirsty soldiers of Cromwell. The Seven Churches originally consisted of a group of buildings seven in number. The only remains now left are the ruins known as "Teampuil Brecan," or the Church of Brecan, -the Church of the Holy Ghost, and " Teampuila Phuil," or the Church of the Hollow. The style of structure is that known-^in antiquarian phraseology ub cyclopton. The former church consists i>f a Chanceland choir, which seem to have- been : built at two- .different peripds. The choir exhibits a very handsome arch and a lentel window; both of which are' beautiful pieces of masonry. Among the ruins are several inscriptions rather difficult to be deciphered. One slab, of which a partis broken off, contains, in very ancient characters, the inscription " Sc-I BEE—NI," the fractured portion of the stone, in all probability, having the CA which completed the spelling of Brecan. Another rude stone in the church has the interesting Latin inscription: ''VI. ROMANI ;" while a third benrs an Irish prayer, which the writer failed to decipher. "Team puil an Cheathruir Alum," or "The Church of the Four Beautiful Saints," is about three miles from the " (Seven Churches,and has an exceedingly poetic site as well as a poetic name. The holy persons after whom this church has been named are supposed to have been SS. Tnrsey, Brenden, Conal, and Bercliam. The inhabitants of Arran, who, like the Catholic people of all country places, are very poetic, although unconscious of the fact, entertain great veneration for the "Church of the Beautiful Saints." " Teampuil Sourney," and " Teampuil Kieran," are the most interesting of the other ruins in this vicinity. The latter was founded by the same saint to whom the far-famed Clonmacnoise owed its origin. This church is in a good state of preservation, and contains some excellent specimens of ancient architecture. A holy water font, of which a part haB been broken off, may also be seen convenient to the doorway—another evidence of Catholic customs. The Church of St. Ronan (or more correctly Cronin) is situated on the suburbs of the town of Kilronan, to which it has given a name, and is completely overshadowed by a large tree, which makes it appear very picturesque. Overlooking the fishing village of Killeany is the interesting little oratory of St. Benan, or Benignus, who was the beautiful youth who bore the Cross before St. Patrick on his interview with King Leaghaire. This church commands a splendid view of the surrounding scenery. In the valley beneath are the ruins of the old Castle of Arkin, surrounded by the humble dwellings of the poor fishermen who inhabit the village of Killeany. Far off to the west may be seen the flustered columns of the Twelve Pins, whose azure peaks are scarcely perceptible in the distance ; while on the east, situated in the midst of sandy waste, is the mortuary chapel of a lonely "city of the dead," where St. Eany, with 127 other saints, is interred. " Teampuil McDuagh " is an interesting TUIN in the village of Kilmurry. It is a very ancient building, and possesses a tolerable chancel arch. It was once the centre of a large cluster of ecclesiastical buildings. St. McDuagh was the founder of the ancient see of " Kil Mac Duagh." The great St. Columbkille, whose life resembles an interesting romance, also lived for some time in the Island of Saints. His altar may be seen on a lonely rock by the seashore, surmounted by a rude stone cross, and covered with ferns and wild roses, which twine themselves around it hi a loving embrace, as if repaying its support by their affectionate tenderness. It was on the occasion of his departure from Arran that the saint composed the following beautiful compliment, rendered into English metre by the patriotic T. D. Sullivan : Arran, Arran of the West, Sweetest, loveliest spot of all, I would ratb-r sleep upon thy breast Thau in the Baored soil where rest Saint Peter and Saint Paul. "ONLY AN IBISHMA1T." An American paper, in an article under the title of "Only an Irishman," called "forth by the-flippant remark of a young fop, who, reading of an accident, said, ''After all. it's only an' Irishman," l a y a ' : — ; ' ; Berkely, ithe philosopher, was only an -lrufhinan; Robeit Fulton, th^inventor of steam 'n&Vig;&tion;, -' was> only an Irishman, .by • I J Onrran,' the inimitable brator and wit, ^WMOnlyan'(tubman. 1'= Dane ScOtus, theimOBtjflubtle philosopher of th^MiddleAges/ was only an VMA -0 it-.s v. •& ^TVtft&gan;, editor - of thb inio«t oom- «fe "Greek ' lexicon/ -waa i onlyatt Drs. Kane and Hayes, the Arctic explorers, were only frisbmehj by i descent. • • -Marshal Neil, the celebrated engineer, was only-an Irishmanj by descent. Captain O Hara Burke, the^Oxplorer of the continent of Australia, 'was only an Irishman. =»• • - Ossiftn, the last of the barda of the heroic ages, was only an Irishman, Charles O'Connor, the head of ; the American Bar, is only an Irishman^ by descent. '• ' • • Safsfield, Marshal if Fratice;and the hero of * Fontenoy, fras only -Irishman. " • ".- • • Kavanagh and Prince Nugent, Marshals of -Austria, were only Irishmen. ' Barry, the -greatest personatot 1 of "Othello," was only an ; Irishman. Patrick Clebourne, "the Stonewall Jackson of the South-west," was only an Irishman. Quinn, the greatest personator of " Flagstaff," was only an Irishman. St. Brendan, held by eminent authorities to have been the first discoverer of the continent of America, was only an Irishman. Edmund Burke, the greatest statesman that ever stood in the "British House of Parliament, was only an Irishman. M'Cormack, the inventor of - M'Cormack's Steam Reaping Machine, u only an Irishman. Marshal MacMahon, the present head of the Frencli nation, is only an Irishman, by descent. Tom Moore, "the poet of all circles and the idol of his own," was'only an Irishman. Marshal O'Donnell, Field-Marshal, Prime Minister of Spain, and Dictator at one time, was only an Irishman, by descent. O Connell, the Hercules of moral force agitators, pronounced by Wendell Phillips the most powerful orator he ever heard, was only an Irishman. Virgilius, a bishop who flourished in the eighth century, and who was the'first to discover the Bphericity of the earth, was only an Irishman. Macklin, the great actor, was only an Irishman. It was of s his impersonation of "Shylock" that Pope wrote— Tiisis the Jew That Sbakspeare drew. Grattau—ever glorious Grattan— With more than Demosthenes wanted, endued, And his rival, or victor, in all be pos so Byron says—was only, an Irishman. Father Mathew, the Apostle of Temperance, who administered the total abstinence pledge to upwards of five millions of persons ; who accomplished more in his day for the cause of temperance than all the Anglican and Anglo-American temperance speechifyers that ever shouted themselves hoarse on a temperance platform, was ouly an Irishman. Horace Greeley, the great journalist, statesman, and sociologibt, was only an Irishman, by descent. William H. Seward, the ablest Secretary of State America ever had, was only an Irishman, by descent. A. T. Stewart, the most successful merchant in the United States, is only an Irishman. Doyle, the caricaturist, perhapB the most versatile of modern artists, was only an Irishman. Hundreds of others, all famous in art, science, and literature, we might easily name without alluding at all to the "Scalawag Irishmen," such'as Palmerston, Wellington, Gough, the laite Earl of Mayo, Tyndall, or hundreds of others, who, though classed by England among her greatest men, are, in reality, only Irishmen whose birthright had been bartered away for some English bauble. 