THE TELEGRAif. - ' ' iujta ^mitn, l am astonished nt you ! John Smmi was astonished at his wifo.at least once'aday, onlan average.' Mrs Smith was-used to it. . ,She was a tall, slight woman scarcely more than n girl in yfars, with cheeks that bad been as pink as eeashclls in the days ofher huppy maiden life.. '.Things are all nt sixes and' sevens, 'went on Mr Smi.h, tying his cravat before the mirror, and viciously twitching it into a knot. 4 Coal wasted, butter thrown into the grease jar, and my third-best coat sold to dealer in tinware jora funnel and two pie platters. I never heard of anything soontrngeous on my life.'. * But my dear, meekly interposed the much enduring wifri ' we need the tinware, and you had not worn the . coat for*a year; it was full of moths.' ? , * There it is again,' said Mr Smith. 'Themothwonld never ha%'e got into it if you had taken the proper pre cautions. I never beard of a moth in my mother's time. And now you are actually asking permission to visityour brother,'. . ? . . 4 1 have not been away from home before since we were married, John,' piteously pleaded Mrs Smith. 'I feel almost worn out, and I thiuk the change will do me gOOd.' ' ; 'And what is to become of me?' sonorously demanded the husband. . . ... Mrs John Smith thought of the day's excursion last week, and.the trout-fishing expedition a fortnight since; but she said nothing, except— 4 Itdon't cost much to go John ; and I'll only stay a week. vDo let me go ! The doctor says the fresn air might help baby along with his teeth, and little Johnny is drooping.' 'Well,' said Mr Smith, as, ungraciously as possible, * I suppose you'll have to go. and altogether ourexpeuses are ruinous this year. ? See hnw Georgiana Trotter man ages for her husband. \ I don't suppose jt.costs them half to live that'it does us. I might have married Georgiana Trotter once. I almost wish V had.' - It was on Mrs Smith'slips toutter— 'So do I.' But she looked nt the little children, and was silent. ' Yes,' went on Mr Smith, ' I suppose you must go.' ; ' It's his way,' she thought ; ' he means well enough ; and I suppose all men are so— only 1 wished he had kissed , me, good-bye.' 'Woman nature all over. Her heart yearned hungrily -for the omitted caress— the ignored word of tenderness. Poor Mrs John Smith ! How the strong-minded of her sex would have pitied and despised It was dreary enough on that August evening, as Mr Smith screwed his key into the latch and groped his way in. No light. No fire. He sat doWn in the hay win dow, and stared about the vacant room. There was his wife's work basket on the table, while Johnny's fdi gotten rattle lay on the floor close by. . * It's deuced lonely !'. muttered Mr Smith, with something of ashiver. I hope Jenny won't stay long.' And as he lighted his cigar and. whiffed away, a guilty sense of his own shortcomings eime upon him, ' It must havo been rather a stupid life for her here, poor little thing,' thought he. 'I might have come home early to keep her company a great many times, when I didn't. Shehadtosew a great deal for the children ; nnd now I come to reflect upon the mat ter, Jenny has grown thin and pole of late.' He moved his chair uneasily. * I suppose they are at Bilberry Farm by this time,', said to himself. ? 1 1 suppose the younkers are in bed, and Jenny is sitting listening to the nightingale. I 've almost a mind . to go out there myself to-morrow evening; itwould be a pleasant surprise tor Jenny and— hallo ! what is that ? A ring at the bell V Jonn Smith shuffled along to the door in his slipper*. 'Ob, a telegram; now I wonder who should telegraph to me.' Mr Smith carried his buff envelope back to the parlour light, and somewhat nervously tore it open. ' 4 To John Smith. — Railroad accident. Your wife is killed, and your child dangerously hurt. Come by the next train.— Jared Meredith. M.D.' Agj.in and again Mr Smith's bewildered eyes roved over the contents of this anpalling missive, before he could fully comprehend its Heatllv meaning. c Dead ! Killed 1' he muttered to himself. * * M v Jenny killed by a railroad accident V And then, eatebinga railway guide lrom the book-shcif, he whirled over its leares with* a trembling hand, The next train did not leave tho ter minus under an hour nnd a half. An hour and a half! To him tl)e time time seemed almost like eternity. How could he endure this awful agony of soul for an hour and ajialf? * Perhaps they arc incorrect,' he muttered to himself, wiping the beads of cold sweat from his brow. ' People- can't al ways judge exactly in such a moment oi' dismay.- Perhaps she is onlv badlv hurt, and I can nurse her'through It, after all. My Jenny; my loving,' patient, sweet-eyed wife.' A strong sob rose up into his throat, as if it would strangle him. ' No. no, she is killed !' he gasped, as his eyes fell once more on the teleeram. Dead I And I never can speak to her again, or tell her what a cruel, exacting brute I have been. God knows I didn't mean it, and now it is too. late td make any amends. Why didn't the children go too 1 How can I bring them up without Jenny V. His head drooped low in his quivering hands ; a low, spnsmodic groan hurst from his pale'lips. An hour and a half before he could get to Jenny half an hour,. then, before lie could reach the scene of the accideut, and look, upon her dead fane. ? If I could only lire my life over again, he cried aloud to the bare walls, whilst tight in his arms he clasped Jenny's' llttld work- basket, with its strip of unfinished hemming— all that was left to him ofthe fair, (departed presence. . . ' Ifl could only speak to her just once, nnd ask her forgiveness for a thousand thing*. Bnt!now it is tf,o late — too late, and ? ' He stopped abruptly. The sound ofa cab driving hastily up to the door, the reiter nted jerk ot the bell-wire, roused him once more into re luctant action, . j ' John ! dear John !' 'Jenny \ my wife !* He stood pale and stupefied, staring at her as if she weie actually a ghost returned from the regions of space and unreality. j 4 There'hasbeena terrible railroad accident, 'said Jenny, lier voice faltering, a? she laid the babr; dcrr- i- a sota, nnd took li'tle Johnny loyingly on her lap, 41 a ew miles heycrrJ O—. . Three or four person* were killed , but, thank God I we escaped unhurt. Of course, I took the first train back that I could, for I knew you would hear of it and be uneasy. And only thiuk, dear, thfro was a poor mother killed, with her little babe in l|er arms, and her name was the same as miuc—'4 Mrs John Smith.' ?.???.- { He pointed one trembb'nir'finger to the telegram which lay open on the table.- Mrs Smith read it wl h dilated eyes and pale face. Oh, my love, what a ' fright vou have had !' she exclaimed. 'Andonly to reflect it might have been me.'. j * But it is not. Oh ! thank Heaven, my own darling wite, it is not,' gasped the husband, holding his recover ed treasure close to hia heart ; ' and I have yet time to live my life over again.' ? And from that hour John Smith was a changed man. — j Exchange.. ? ^ FlGHT BETWEEN: A TPUKEY AND A S^AKE. — We have been informed this week of an occurrence which is rather remarkable as showing what pluck can, under some circumstances, be displayed by a hon tnrkev. It appears that Mr Ewin, of, Carlisle Gully, had if turkey sitting oq a nest of eggs near his house. The bird, after one ot' lier periodical visits for. food, returned to her nest and found thnt, 'in addition to the-eirgs, it-contained an enormous black snake,, his, snakeship having apparently ?watched liis opportunity and taken possession of the prize; at a:most favourable time. The turkey, perhaps not nn accustomed to theso adventures,- at once jeeoanoitered the enemy, and prepared herself to put the intruder out. By a dexterous movement she seized the reptile a few lnche&.below the head, and dragged it forth into open ground, where there would be a fair, field and no favour. ?Then commenced one of the fiercest encounters between a gobbler and a snake that has' probably occurred in tho district. The noise ot the combatants— the venomous hissings of- the reptile, nnd the drfiunt gobblings ofthe turkey — soon attracted some of Mr Ewin's family to the spot.. The suake was making desperate efforts to extri cate itseli trom the powerful beak of its antagonist, und to give the bird an embrace round the body or legs with itsstrong tall; but the turkey wns just as active, aud de termined that her deadly enemy should not succeed in accomplishing its wish, and gave it repeated blows on the ground in order to silence it for ever. After the fight had lasted.ten minutes, it was found that the hen had put the snake^ hors do combat, without receiving the slightest injury herself, the feathers, no doubt, eileetuaily protect ing it from the reptile's fangs. We have Vend of a good many encounters between representatives of the feathered tribe and thoso ofthe reptilian kingdom, but wo have heard of nothing which eclipses this for the amount of bravery displayed by the turkey.— Armidale Chronicle. , irHK AuSTKALtAN- MAGPIE IN New Zr.AJ.AXD., A sufierc,;'' writes to the Canterbury Proas iu tho following strain j— Permit me to ask for ad expression of opinion from your readers ou the advantage or other wise of the above bird. My experience goes to show him a ^most destructive, mischievous, and worthless acquisi tion. Hi« mode of life is more like that of tlie carrion ciw than an insectivorous bird. IIo attacks, nnd that very successfully, young chickcns and ducks, destroying and devouring them, robs nests for the eggs; frightening oft the occupants by his pernacity aud screams, and will even attack our own. specie# when approaching his nest. I know a ease of serious accident from an encounter be rtween on elderly woman and one of these acclimatization pets. The bird may have his good traits, though 1 have not yet discovered them, and at present rank him in the list of nuisances along with the thieving sparrow. If however, nnother nieinber.pf the same family is required for introduction by our savans iu the Domain, lot me draw their attention to the crow of India, which is first, cousin to the Australian mairple. He is equally impu dent, aggressive and destructive, which inuRt he a sfromr recommendation for his introduction. I have had the morsel I was just transmitting to my. mouth taken off my fork before it could reach its destination hv one of those most' interesting birds, which, possessed of. un doubted sagacity and acumen, would 'soon accommodate niro6clf totjie country, and, If properly protected, thrive well ! ? ? , A ' Wealthy 6QiTATTEn.-r-Mr .Vincent Dowllng, -WliQj3._oneof the oldest sauattcrs in the far north west (says tho Dubbo Despatch), lias sold out his station ; on ?tho Bulloo for £80, Q(-0. and passed. thfougli'rDubbo' on Saturdayi'leaving the district for gobd.- Mr Dowlin^ is not one of .your modern^ holiday squatters,. Heis a, true type of the original genus. ? Twenty^ years age- -whon ', scarcely out ot his teens-^he vas away on tho Darling booking out for new'coliptry,' formingstntions, and;stock Ingthem. Then, year after year saw him pursuing the | work of the pioneer— striking out furthernorth fdr fresh fields and pastures new. - A t last tho ljiilldo-^bordcring on the country where poor iRichard'O'Hara Burke sighed out his life, close to where later1 Andrew ;Humc and O'Hea perished— became Mr' 'Dowling's resting place ; and,* in partnership with the Hon G. II. Cox, , of Mudgee, he formed an extensive station. For years he battled against bad seasons aud ill-luck; but at length success crowned life Efforts, i and thi3 hardy pioneer was able to sell out the other dny at a price which is some compensation for many.yearaof 'roughing it' in tho widest part of tho interior. - Previous to : leaving the Darling, Mr fowling sent a farewell gift.of £50 to the Bourke Hospifali'lrtit, a* (his ^encrbus.act is only ! in keeping with his liberal nature, it is not surprising. Few' men in the North-west have led his hard bustling life — have done so much in his generation j and many a start ling stoiy could he tell, wero be so minded, of battles .with the blacks, scapes by flood and field, the horrors of thirst, all the other et ccteras which twenty years ago werathc inevitable concomitants of exploration in the north-western interior. MrDowlin^ is yet a compara tively young man, and though ho retires from squatting as he himself says 'for good,' still we do not despair of seeing him again amongst us. His active temperament will fretand chafe undcr.inaction, nnd some day or other, Mr Vincent Dowling will be again in the North-West. Tiir Effects of. a Grass Seed.— There lately came from Tycannah (says the Narrnbri Herald ), by the Morce coach, seeking for mcdical aid, a young man, a shearer, by the Tiame of .James Courtenaey, whose ? lace of residence is in the neighborhood of Gunuedah. t appears that Courtenny had been shearing for two days and a half, when a pcrass seed got into the calf of his right leg, the eil'cctsof which ho first noticed on the previous Friday. The limb soon became so dreadfully swollen and inflamed, that immediately Dr de Leper vancbesawit on Thursday ithad to be lanced, when much ease was experienced, and the patient began to mend, though on inquiry the next evening wc ascertained that the Intrusive seed had notasyctheen extracted. A Nov2Tj IIakmoxiu.v. — We were shown yester day a novel harmonium recently ' imported by Messvs Elvy and Co. from Messrs Mason and Hamliu's, Boston. The. chief peculiarity of the instrument, is the introduc tion ofastop to resemhle the harp, the sounds of which are produced by pullingout a particular stop which fixes a row ofhammers (similar to those of a pianoforte) ex actly opposite a corresponding number of metal tongues, and which, when struck, have astrong resemblance to tlie harp. The instrument is not a large one, nor is it very, powerful, but its sweetness of tone fully comoensatcs for whatever defect there may be in any other respect. The introduction of this 4- piano-!yirp ,' does not in any way depreciate from its capacity as a harmonium, but teucfs; rather to enhance its Value.— S. M. Herald. Raisin-makino.—Wo tako the. following from the' Melbourne Telegraph : — In taking up your paper yes terday, I wns pleased to see your effort to turn public at tention to the raisin-making phase of the above subject, for, as a rule, nearly, every article ou this subject relates to the destruction of the fruit of the vine, rather than the preservation of it.. The experience gained byMrThomas Hardy, ofBanksidc, near Adelaide, may bc.of servicc to your ' numerous readers. This gentleman . has: made raisin-making a success on a large scale. '? Jn fruit drying I havo had several years' experience, and think I am now coming near the right way to do it. Raisins are the principal fruit I dry as yet, and all from the musca tel Gardo Blrnco, which is a better bearer than what .is known here as the muscat of Alexandria, although the grapes are very similar. I have tried the Malaga muscatA a fine laree black grape, but find them difficult to dry, and the skin too leathery for good table fruit. I have seen a few made this season from a grape I got from Syd ney, called thn Bowond muscat, a very fine black kind, but which, like the Malaga,' has no muscat, flavour. I consider the Gardo Blanco the best, and superior to the imported Malaga layers. I gather my grapes for table raisins as soon as they arc full ripe, selecting the finest bunches, and removing all faulty berries, and lay them on tray? made of paling 5 feet by feet at the vine, hand ling them as little as possible.' Those iutended for pud ding raisins nre afterwards gathered aud carried in boxes to a large table where they are examined, and all fiiuity and unripe ones removed. They are then put into sieves havinsrlong handles, and dipped, in a boiling lye made from the a«hesof kui cuttings. If I am short of cuttings I use co:amou washing soda, quarter of a pound to the gallon of water. . They are then spread evenly on trays and put to dry, taking them under cover when there' is fear of rain. When nrarly dry enough, I bring tlieiu into a room fitted up with racks to take tho trays, leav ing a space of nine inches hutvveen the trays, and nine inches high. When hill the room is shut up close, and heated wiihflues to 120s or 1,10 3 Fahrenheitfor twenty four to thirty hours. They arc then easily rubbed offth'c stalk, and are ready for packing. They usually take from a fortnight to a month drying, but by increasinginy drying rooms I expect to shorten the time by half.' As to your remarksahout our variable climate and the sud deu rains during the autumn, from al- I can gaiher on this subject, we have far better weather in Victoria than they get'in southern Europe, for the warm light rains during tlieinonth of September in Europe are very de structive, nud a great drawback to thi3 industry in Europe. We have also the great blessing of liot winds, that can he utilised for grape drying. Grapes cau bo kept for eating either by hanging up in a dry cool place, or laid in shallow boxes between # sawdust or bran. Splendid grapes arc sold m England 'ali the year round that are preserved by this plan. Tlie flesh grapes, such as the muscat and Alexandria, can, with a moderate amount of knowledge nnd skill, be made into raisins, giving light and profitable employment to thousands of men and boys; and we could then soon become large exporters instead of importers of this and many other kind* of dried fruits. The Toowoomba correspondent ofthe Quemslandcr writes : — I ara glad to be able to state, from personal observation, that the pastoral and agricultural pursuits in this district were never in a more flourishing condition than they arc this present season. As regards the far mers, their crops are simp'y splendid— never better— consequently, they are jubilant the prospect ofa plen tiful harvest. , Of the pastoral establishments, it may be said of one and all that the wool clip isveby considerably he avier than for many years pist ; tho wool is in splendid order, well pot up, and the sheep, as a rule, in capital condition. The lruUbingon all the stations I have visited good, the increase very satisfactory j the highest per centage I have heard of has been at Loudon, the station' of Hugh Nelson, Esquire; J. P. The maiden ewes cut 07, and the full-mouthed ewes 99 per ceut (this was couutingthe dry ewes). Idonotthink I ever recollect a better cutting in the colony. The feed for stock on most stations is tolerably good : however, more rain is wauted. 0000 sheep camp to-night between fiowrie and Toitwooinha; they are the property of Mr Wienholt, and are from his station Malvern Hills, on tbc Barcco River, and bound for Fassifern j they arc in capital con ditiou, considering they have travelled more than 700 miles. ? ' ' ? Mn G. II. -Davenport, of Headington Hill, Darling Downs, is this, year giving three prizes £5, £0, and £V, to the- three men who do their shearing in the best man ner irrespective of the number of sheep shorn; Anotueh immense tunnel is said to be in contempla tion. France and England may possibly be united by a railroad tunnel unde?..lhe Straits from Dover to ! Calais ; and now it is also under contemplation to unite Europe and* Africa by a tunnel' under tho Straits of Gibraltar. This latter.enormoiH work will be ahoiit fourteen miles in length, uniting Tarifa or Algesiras, on the coast of Spain, with Ceuta' and Tanjier, mvthe Morocco shore. ,The average depth of water nt this point is but 1C3 feet, while' it is 2o-l feet between England and France. The Euro pean papers are discussing both projects, while capital there seems abundjtnl, and tho necessities of travel over-r whelming. ? A Double Child;— The Eastern papers record a freak of nature that outrival* the Siamese Twins. This ' strange freak is iu the shape of a double child, or more strictly speaking, two children joined together. Tho cujlosity is the otlspring of cblored parents, Crittcndon and Sarah Joues of Beech Island, South Carolina, the one child is a perfectly, developed female, large for her age, and with every appearance of health. The other, ?who is. a male, is but imperfectly developed, has only the rudiments of liinbs, nnd does not eat, dependiMgfor sus tenance upon his sister. These two beings are joined to gether by a wide band, in theeentrcof which one ofthe lungs of the strange creatures seem to be located. Touch the male and the female will shrink : pinch it and she will cry. Reverse the operation, and still itis the female who manifests sensibility. Tho head of tlie female is mis shapen, the ears presenting more the. appearance of nn animal than a human being. The pulsations of the heart and the act of respiration cau be plainly perccivcd in the ligament joining the bodies. This ligament, if such it can be called, is joined to the girl at the end of the breastbone and to the male lower down. Itis broad nnd thick, covered with skin like the rest of the body. Whe ther there are two. destinctivft Bets of vital organs or whether both nre dependent upon one', has' not yet been determined. The latter opinion seems to prevail, how ever. If. is apparent, nt any rate, that the male receives nourishment through his companion. A well known physician examined the twins and pronounced them to j \\)Q the most wonderful natural phcuomeuon of the hind I in the world. The mother nnd father of the children ate 1 both strong nnd healthy — San franckcn Monitor. : A Bold Project. — A correspondent writing to the i Brisbane Courier fr«m the Mitchell suggests a echcme ! which he aflirins would prove beneficial not only to the present generation, but nI?o to'posterity. The proposal j is 1 14 That Queensland should enter into nn arrange- I .meat with' South Australia to construct a railway to Cooper's Creek, from D/ilbv, via Boma, Charleville,' and i Bulloo, and South A ustralia, to cut a canal via the lakes I and valley of Cooper's Creek to the Queensland railway i terminus on Cooper's Creek : the canal to be so con- I structed as to allow ot steamnoat navigation, unless the I South Australian Government prefer buildiug a railway ! to the Queensland terminus.' I Magnetism o? Railwav Rails.--' We learn I from Applelorts Journal that M., Heytr, n German i railway engineer, has discovered certain facto regarding! the development of jnajnietism in railway rails that may I yet prove ot great significance either iu fiivor or against j certain methods of block signalling. I have observed, be ! says, 4 that all the rails are transformed at thcirextremi- I ties, pfter they have been placed iu position a few days, 1 \- , ; ...... t mnguetfi, capubtu of uUra\:Uug and ot rc ^ ' or cvei? a heavier- piece of metallic iron. 3 Preserve their, magnetism even after they have If ImVCi ' !M,t fhcy 1°3G it gradually.' The produc turn of this magnetism is attributed to the friction caused \Sa« trams, and, as suggested above, it mav prove of importance to determine whether.the flow of re gular currents will be afiectcd fn atiy way by this .mag netic condition of the rail along which it is proposed i to conduct them. Tho journal of the Frmklin Inatitiite, commenting on-tlus /act also suggests that should it ' be proved tnat these mnguetic currents are stronger at tho moment ofthe passage of the traius, the iuuguctism thus developed mav exercise nn ' influenee actually beneficial upon the stability of tho railway, incrcasiug.'the adher enee of the wheels to the rails. A third interesting pro- 1 blcm suggested by this fact is that relating to the in fluence ot the magnetism of the rail upou its physical structure, whether the metal is rendereu either more or lew tough by this change in its magnetic .condition.' : ? Social ifiinuLATipN.— To no one is this hot wea thcrsosevenj asto the bashfulyoung man who wears paper collars, 'hese oppressive evenings are just the ones ho is invited out to parlies, and the horror on his face as he feels Ins collar dissolving into pulp, audcrumbUng down his neck, cannot very well Ic counterfeited „„Pol,n°?t?US- Dyi:.— According totlie. Orville Mer *i\ 7i f lifo r n m ) , several deaths have been' causcd in that State recently by the adoption of green flannel for lining the gum boots worn by the miners: the dye of tlie flannel has been found to be arsenicatcd. The honour of knighthood having been conferred upon ?.s!lve.£rait.,,» a wit suggested that it was because of his brilliant and valuable services.' A female' pawnbroker, . brought up for extortion, claimed immunity on the ground that she was a loan woman. ... A wIN1°,s ^,l0 WflS eondemmed to die was nl Io\ved tochoose the form of death,.and he chose old age. WATiuatONY,' said a modern beuedict the other uay, produces-remarkable revelations. Here ara I, for instance, m ten short months changed from a sighing lover to a loving sir*.': : ,A. Pettier guide to matrimony has .seldom been de-. ',c pr.]ze competed for' recently by the Bache °v ^r' A handsome gold ring was given by the ladies ol- the neighborhood, the winner to retam it for a year, unless in the interim he should be come disqualified by matr.imony for further competition, petuity event the ring becomes his own in per-. A perplexed fellow-mortal was seen, standing before one of our dry goods stores last week for nearly an hour-, gazmg intently at a tow string which was about his little finger. .H hen asked what he wanted, he replied, Darned if i know ! Mother put this tarnal string on m.y s° s I shouldn't forget what she wanted me to *. Pt herelvebeen stnnding raore'n auhour, trying to think what in thunder it was.*' . . Studies nourish youth, delight old age, are. the or nament of prosperity, and the solacement and' the, re fuge ot adversity ; they are delectable at home, and not burdensome abroad; they gladden us at night and on our journeys, . and m the country. Is lowers! Look at a flower, and you wonder vou should have studied to find out the'secretof its construc tion. It is a simple word. ] like to call flowers flower love. It all things are love, they are not all love of like sost; and thus \ distinguish. Tiieke is a real magic in the action and reaction of minds on one another. No solitary miscreant, scarcely auy solitary maniac) would venture on such actions and imaginations as large communities ofscnemcu have in some couutries entertained as sound wisdom. . -T us cherish sympathy. 13 y attention and exercise it may be improvad.iu every man. Itprepares the mind lor recemng tho.- impressions ot virtue; and with out it there can bp no true politeness. . Nothimr is more odious [than that insensibility which wraps a man up in himself and Ins own. concerns, and prevents his being moved with either the joys or the sorrows of another. An Italian philosopher expressed in his motto that time was his estate, indeed, that will produce nothing witjout cultivation, but will always abundantly repay the jfibonrs of industry, and satisfy the most extensi\e desires, if no part of it be suffered . to lie.waste by ncHi gence, to be overrun by- noxious plants, or laid out for show rather than for use.. EvEHYJiian hath a kingdom within himself. Reason as the Princess, dwells in the highest, and inwardest room ; tne senses are the guard aud attendants ou the court, without whose aid nothing is admitted into the presence: the supreme faculties (as will, memory, &c..;,) are tlie Peers; the outward parts and inward affections are the Commons ; violent passions are. rebels to disturb tue common peace. I'ET men say what they like,- love i& tjie mainspring of all action, however remote such fueling may npnear from its outRprinjiimr. a tuue picture of despair is a pig- reaching through a hole m the fence. lo got 2 caUhntje. tjuit lies only a few inches beyond his reach. ? ' It is dip of the advantages of practical virtue that, though in 'its course tlmre mav be flvst nnd last, vet no bouy who ran ii; fairly ever failed. The worthiest people are the most injured bv slander, a« we usually find that to be the bcst'(V*ait which the b:rds have peen pecking at. ritUTii is a gem that is found at a great depth; whilst on the surface ot this world^ all things are weighed' by the false scale of custom. Distinction of rank is highly necessary for the economy ol the world, and was never called in question hut by barbarians and enthusiasts. j.n)«V'K's,*E?s a °' car,y ^ teaches us a diflidence in our earthly state, ami inspires us with thoughts of afuture. hetter'than a thousand volumes of philosophers nnd diviues. ? A jolly farmer returning borne in his own . waggon after delivering a load ot corn, is a more sure sign of na-. tional prosperity than a nobleman riding in his chariot to, tlie opera or the p!nv-bouse. PoETnx can be considered in more than one aspect. I choose not to consider it at all. It is the expression of' growth (a love for some particular object. Human- society rests on inscrutably deep foundations, which he is of all others the most mistaken who fancies lie has explored to the bottom. Think of 44 living.' Thy life, wert thou the ' piti fullest ot all the sons of earth,' is ho idle dream, but a solemn reality. It is thy own, it is all thou hast to front eternity with. Work then. The desire of power in. excess causcd angels to fall ; the desire of knowledge in excess caused man to fall; but there is no charily in excess, neither can man or angclscomc into danger from it. ' ^ Tub grand andj indeed, the only character of .truth, is its capability of enduring the test of universal experience, and coming unchanged out of every possible form of fair discussion. . -superfluities should be given up for the conven ience qf others; our conveniencessbould give place to, the' necessities of others; and even our necessities give way to, the extremities of the fioor. One can never be the judge of another's grief. That which is a sorrow to one, to another is ? joy. Let us not dispute with envois concerning the reality of his suffer ings ; it is with sorrows as with countries — each man has his own. God forbid that the search after truth should bo dis couraged for fear of its consequence's ! The consequences, of truth may be subversive of systems of superstition,, but they never can bo injurious to the rights or well-' founded expectations ofthe human race. 'Slit,' said Dr. Johuson, 44 1 would not give ft guinea to live under one form of Government rather than another. It is of no moment to the. happiness ofjin in dividual. Sir, the daugcr of the abuse of power is uo thing to a private mnn. What. Frenchman is prevented from passing his life as he pleases ?' It. is bysympathy wc enter into the concerns of others; that we arc moved as thoy are, moved, and are never Buf fered to be indifferent spectators of almost anything which men can do or suffer. For sympathy may bo considered a sort of substitution by which we are put into tlie place , of nnother man, and affected in mauy rcspects as he is afiected. . ? . It is great folly to neglect useful and necessary know ledge in order to apply ourselves to that which is curious and useless. 