BEAUTY AND BRAINS.. (New York Tribune.J IT ia easy for persons WHO have failed upon the stage to sulk at pursonB who have sucoeeded, and sarcastically, to aaoribo their success to various causes ascribe their success to various causes . aside from nierit and desert. All readers of current theatrical comment and discussion are familiar, for example, with the ironical assertion that no woman can succeed on the stage unless she has a pretty face and a fine wardrobe, — tbe implication being that public taste and intelligence #re low and narrow, and that good looks and good clothes are the surest, if not the only passport to its favour. Much nonsense is talked on this subject. The fact ia, BB experience shows, that the publio forms a rational and correct judgment as to most of the dramatio aspirants who seek its favour, and that npon the whole, it pays no more attention to comeliness and fine raiment than these, in reason, deserve. To a woman who attempts the stage, beauty of person and taste in dress are great advantages. They do not imply the possession of dramatic talent or general intelligence: but upon the other hand, neither doeB ugliness indicate genius, The vinegar- faced and nasalnosed ladies who file out from time to time as Julia, or Pauline, or Juliet, may not be able to comprehend this ; but it is a fact that mankind preferB beauty to ugliness, and that talent has always a better chance of success when beauty commends it to favour. No sane person of course, will contend that a pretty face makes an actress; but every observer of human nature and the stage must concede it to be a fact, and a natural one, that the woman who is an actress ana has a pretty face has au easier task in achieving public favour than ber homely professional sisters. Almost every play that is acted contains a love story and ic the dramatic, illustration of a love-story youth and beauty are imperatively essential. Borneo must not be bow-legged or red-nosed, and Juliet must not have a hump back or a swivel eye. Elderly men and women have been known to act Borneo end Juliet, and to succeed in pleasing their audiences ; but they did this through the skilful and effectual simulation of youth, beauty and passion, and not by decrepitude; they seemed to possess and therefore practically did possess tbe physical qualifications n icessary to create and sustain an illusion. Undue estimation of these attributes would be aneiror; but all sneers at them, as of little or no value compared wiih brains, are premature and silly. Among the requistes that Sir Roger de Coverly prescribed in his chaplain were a good aspect and a clear voice: and this was a very sound judgment as to what is necessary in a person who must be often seen and heard. Instances are on record of success upon the 6tage achieved in despite of personal defects. Betterton was a thick-limbed and pock-marked man, and Macready had a bad figure, an unpleasing voice, and a harsh face; but Betterton had such a soul within him as transfigured his ungainly body, and when as Hamlet lie beheld the ghost, his countenance blanched to an awful pallor—so intense waB the magnetic leeling which possessed him and which he imparted to others; and Macready's earnestness was so profound, bis passion so just, his carriage so noble, and -his taste and execution so true, that he thrilled the spectator and satisfied him, and made his own grim looks forgotten. Miss Cushman, npon our stage, has, in like manner, been triumphant oyer some disadvantages of face aud physique—for she is a woman of wonderful magnetic force ; and besides, she was wise enough to leave the Mrs. Mailers and the Siancas and adhere to Mag Merrillies, Queen Catherine, and lady Macbeth. 1 hese and others like them are exceptions, which only prompt regret that persons so highly endowed should not also have been blessed with physical perfection. The; would certainly have had an easier time, and probably they would have conquered a more extensive and enthusiastic.admiration. While, howeVerj the publio takes kindly to beauty,' there is no instance in which mere beauty Las won success for a dramatin performer. It is usually the passport to immediate notice, but it proves an injury rather than a benefit when if is found to coyer emptiness and incapacity. We might mention several exceedingly handsome wemeo who have (ailed on tbe American stage bccause their talents were found to be of a nediocre description. In the long run success perches where it is deserved, and in all the arts, sooner or later, the true artists get their acceptance and reward. 