MISS ANGEL. . By Miss Thackeray. [Published by special arrangement mfchjtho Author.] Chapter XXX [. Ten years passed very slowly, very quickly too. The horizon widens, our hopes grow fainter and more fixed, our possessions increase, diffuse into distant points—possessions that have waxed and grown and filled our hearts. Some have extinguished hope in a reality far dearer than any visions, others die away. As time goes on we find out our narrow fetters, we discover our gifts, we learn how much we can bear, how long we can wait, how much we can forgive, how much forgiveness we need from others. Angelica had waited for ten years." To day Bhe was coming back to Lowdenham Court, once more. Came back the same woman indeed, with the same preoccupa tions that she had brought ten years before. She was older—that was all. She had been sorry and faithful and at work a little longer. Her pictures, alas ! were not wonderfully better, though now and then some happy view, some fortu nate subject resulted in a charming work that did the worker credit. She had her father still. He wore his old cloak, that scarce looked shabbier. She had laid by a little money in all these yeara, and want was no longer at their door. Long, long ago she had repaid the money Lady Diana lent her. Lady Diana wa3 now a poor woman, comparatively speaking, for her husband had many expensive tastes and long-accumulated debts, which, however, did not greatly affect the happiness of a very united home. It was a real happi ness to Angelica to see her friend. Some look of peaceful animation had come into that pale face, some brightening of ma ternal pride into those two pale eyes. Lord Henry admired and respected his wife's intellect, and was led by her com pletely. Her marriage was happier than that of her old friend and companion, Mrs. Darner. There are troubles in all estates, and Angel did not escape hers, with all the help of friends and the sympathy which came to her. One painful incident we read of, which troubled her greatly at the time. Her father felt the circum stance more keenly for her than she did for herself. "I would have answered yours immediately, but I was engaged in business," she writes to some one who was accused of having libelled her. " I cannot conceive why several gentlemen who ;have never deceived me, should con--,| spire to do so at this time ; and if they themselves were deceived, you cannot wonder that others should be deceived, also, and take for satire that which you say was not intended. I was actuated not only by my particular feelings, but a respect for the art and artists, and per suade myself that you cannot think it a great sacrifice to remove a picture that had even raised suspicion of disrespect to any person who never wished to offend you." Old John Joseph was indignant almost beyond wor-^a..' This incident added to his old trouble about leaving her unpro tected and alone.* Even little Rose was gone now, for she married at 17, and the father and daughter were alone in the old house. • It had been an old promise that they should spend some days with Lord Henry I and Lady Diana. Angelica had been ] detained in London by one thing and another, and she. and her father found ] themselves belated on the way. The coach had set them down at the nearest market, town, and now they came driving' I through the darkness, scarcely knowing, whither they were going, through dim | fragrances, and lights vanishing, and mur murs of once arching trees. The horses went slowly, stumbling up steep lanes I blazing with stars. The great stars that night seemed dropping heavily from the high heavens, and flashing to meet the.j cool dark earth ; then from the lanes: they came into chiller regions, wild com mons, shivering with invigorating breezes. Angelica sat, half asleep, upon her coach box, watching the horses' drowsy pro-' gress, dimly absorbing the suggestions of ] the new country—the visions passing by. Those of her brain seemed almost more vivid than the realities, now that the last j lights of sunset had died away beyond the hills. She was gone back to the past in some vague half-defined way; some : vague call seemed to reach her now and then. When they stopped at last they could hear the cool roar of a torrent below, and then Angelica woke up, and John Joseph shivered and sighed. "Father, are you ill?" she said. "Is anything amiss ?" "What should be amiss," said he hastily, and as he spoke he patted her hand. Angelica thought his tone was strange; but they had started off once more, and once more came visions mingling with the indistinct charm of the pleasant voices that she had heard long ago, which seemed speaking and awaken ing her from one dim delicious dream to another. 1 They seemed to be journeying under a great torrent of stars, that swept the heavens. Once or twice Angelica thought she could hear the distant note of the sea sounding through all these vague night perfumes and mysteries. —"Are-you asleep,- Angelica," said old Kauffmann, suddenly. " Are you warm, my child—will you share my cloak ? I have—I have been dreaming," he said ; "give me your hand. Ah! lean still hold it. Some day there will be only the old cloak left to shield my child. An gelica, I long to be back in the tranquil ; old places, to hear the horns of the goat herds at Montegno.. I think I could live a little longer there, and, my child, I dread death. ■ I do not fear to die," and ;he looked round at the great starry night; ■" but thou, who art so easily led, so ill able to judge—ah! it breaks my heart to ©ave thee alone." "Dearest," said Angelica, "do not talk in this sad way. Do not fear me. I know life now; I know myself," she said, a little thrilly. " There is Bonomi, that good fellow, to advise." " Bonomi," said old Kauffmann, " he only thinks of Rosa from six in the morning until sixteen at night. Bonomi is no companion for my Angelica. You need a wiser, older man to rely upon— one .mature in spirit, "tried in affection, my child:. . Cannot you think of some one ■whom we have known for long years, and tried and proved an honorable upright man ?" "Are you speaking of Antonio," said Angelica, quietly. They had reached the end of the hill; "a great sight of stars and purple blackness seemed to . over flood beyond the line of the horizon. The driver climbed his seat and cracked his whip; the horses started at a swift gallop. ;7: "Father, Antonio is a good friend, and I am his good friend." Again old Kauff mann sighs and shifts uneasily; some thing ha3 been in his mind all day, which he has not yet had the courage to break to hi3 daughter. I am afraid you are tired, father," said She. " They will find me changed, greatly changed, Angelica," he answered, very dolefully; " broken in body,."ill in mind. Time was when a little journey such as this would not have wearied me. Time passes, quick comes an end 'to strength; who will take care of you, my child ?" he repeated, wistfully. . " Hush, hush, dearest," said Angelica, putting her arms round him. " We shall soon be at our journey's end." . " We are travelling to different places, Angelica," the old man said solemnly. " I think I could go to my rest in peace if I could leave you in some good ; man's care. Otherwise I know not how to. die ;—that is the truth. How, to leavS you alone in this great world," and he looked about him at the night, the mysterious valley, the lights twinkling in the dis tance. "Oh, father," said Angelica, faltering; I O "would it make you happy? how can I marry? You know it is impossible. You, who know"—she clung' closer and closer to him. The thought of parting from him came for the first time with a bitter piercing pang that she could not escape. • Old Kauffmann had worked himself up into one of his nervous states of agitation; he had not yet said all that was,in his mind " My child, I had not meant to tell you to-night what I have heard," he said; " but why shouldl delay ?; sooner or later lyou must face a terrible memory." He took her hand. " You think your self still bound," he said, solemnly. " That unfortunate man is no. more. As Ileft home a letter came to me-from the\si lage doctor who attendedhislastmoments. It is signed by the priest. He is dead. A gastric complaint, complicated by symptoms of heart disease, carried him off after a few weeks' illnes3." Then-the old man's voice failed, and he, began 1e cry, and it was Angelica's turn to sooth hiiA. ' ' ' " He was changed and broken, as he had said. He began talking- ag^in rather ex citedly about. Italy, about his longing for warmth, for alittle peace and ease before the end. . ' "Let us go,. father," said. Angelica absently. " Why should not we go ?" " How can you and I, an old man and a weak woman, go alone all that long way?" cried John Joseph, pbttishly. He scarcely knew what he was saying, or what his daughter answered.-- All the stars were sinking in the black sky, the shadows passing : like ghosts.'; All her past was pressing upon her, suffocating her, with strange reaction : rolling up from .the shadowy. plains, resounding with the far-away moan of the sea. - It seempd, but that .minute that ,she had parted from him, from the'man whose ring she wore. "Dead, father ?",- she re peated. ; ■ , -- " \- " Yes, he is dead at last, my child," John Joseph answered. " Ah J" she screamed, so strangely that the: .'driver looked back, thinking she .had. called him. It was not grief she felt, l it was not relief, it was scarcely emotion; it was a vivid, awe-stricken sense of his presence. Time was not.' She heard the voice, saw the dark-cut face with its rigid lines. It was- a recognition—not a death, but a sudden life, after-this-long and faithful separation. It was wonder and emotion, and then a great burst of tears came at last to recall her to herself. ..-They flowed as prayer unspoken for a, - little while. ; . ' A few minutes more . and they were passing through the old" gates and. fine avenues that led to Lhwdenham" Manor. Then came the dazzle of lights in: the hall, and the cordial voice , of - Lady Diana greeting the travellers; hands to help-them from their high perch ;, wine, warmth, exclamations, how wearied they looked, what had happened ? - " ' " My dear creatures, you seem half dead, both of you," cries Lady Di. " Angelica, is anything the matter ?" " I have just had some bad news," said Angelica, " which has moved me very much." Lady Diana asked no more; led Her friend to her own room, kiBsed her, and left her in quiet, and then Angel shut the door, fastened it olose, and once more tears came to her relief, and she sobbed as if her heart would/break. Some of her tears were grief, but: others also flowed because grief was nott__ 'Grief jwas dead. It bad died years before.. : t [To be continued.] 