A SEA FLOWER. CHAPTER V. SHADOWS. Bj the Apostle Paul the shadows of to-night llave «truck more terror to the «oui of HloJmrd Than eau the substance often thousand soldier«. -Shakespeare. There was as much difference between the two men, Benjamin Clarke and Aaron Darritt, as there was between their two wives. Aaron was short and slight, with brown hair and eyes, and a oateworn looking face, with which a comfort less home and general anxiety when on shore had much to do. He was tanned and weather beaten, and very strong, notwithstanding bis small stature. His friend was a tall, powerful-looking man, with a fair skin and sun-bleaohed hair, and a big round face, Uko an over-grown bey, but with a frank, winning manner, that gained the confidence and esteem of every one, and espe- cially of the taciturn and somewhat morose Aaron Darritt. He looked very grave at MB companion's assertion, for he had the simple confidence in omens and supernatural appear- ances that seems common to seafaring people. Sailors are a superstitious race, and their peouliar life makes them find messages from the world of shawdows in what, to a landsman, may be only a bit of drifting weed, or the whisper of the riBÍDg wind. He put the question to Aaron, as to what kind of a warning he had had with reverence and awe.-" a warning" waa a very terrible thing in his eyes. " A dream" was the answer, given with bated breath, and a shiver that told how firmly the terror bad got bold of the speaker. " What kind of a dream ?" " A dream of death, mate. This next voyage will be my last." " Then den't go." " I'm bound for this trip-besides, it would be all the same if I cut the old Petrel and took another ship. It'll oome all the same, Ben. I'm just dome home to say good-bye to Molly and the little lad, and then, hey for the next world." Benjamin Clarke did not laugh at his friend's wild talk-he only clapped him on the baok, and said, i " There's a way to get out of it, Aaron." " How ?" " Toll it, man-tell it, and break the spell. Of course we must all die when the time comes ; bat tell me yeur dream, every word of it. My mother says-and she's a wise woman in these things-that dreams when they are told go for _ nothing-they never come true " " That s only when they are told directly. I thought the first time that I would tell some one at once, but I couldn't, and then it came agaio and again, and I felt as though there was a spell on me, and I was somehow or other held back from speaking. It was all a part of it. It is to be, Ben." " No, I pray not," said Ben solemnly ; " but tell me what it was, Aaron. Your mind will hi easier anyway." " It was always the same-blackjwiokedíook ing water, with nosjenLoX;lanâ,"ànd a howling, niojnjn^^ir^^nä;neavy~oloud8, and then of the ?*^^etrePBewg-'driven on, on, before the wind, till eho goes to pieces upon great jagged icebergs. Then I am on one piece, with another man, only one of all the crew, and we float away in the solitude till tbe block turns over, and we . go down, down, and I wake, knowing that no living eyes will look upon me more till the day the parson preaches about, when the sea shall give up its dead " ' " le« !" said Benjamin Clarke. " Ah, it's all nothing then, mate. The Petrel's bound for Baenoa Ayres, ain't she ?" " Yes." " Then you won't come near any icebergs there." " We shall-how I can't tell ; and yet I can't stay at home. I feel it, I know it ; and yet I can't stay at home. I feel drawn to gp. I sometimes wonder whether I am going mad, and these dreamB are the beginning of it." " Don't dwell on it, Aaron-don't think of it. Perhaps that's what makes it come back to you so nfton." " It's no use," Aaren answered ; " I've tried all that. I've gone here, there, and everywhere, and I've drank as I've never drank before in my life, but it's all the same. If I get to bed as drunk as a beast-and I have more than once lately-as soon as I get to sleep my head clears, and I see it all over again, and wake to the hor- ror and the dread just tho same." " Does Molly know ?" "No." " Nor anyone else ?" " No one except you." "I think I'd tell Molly, Aaron." "I think not; she'd only fret, poor soul I and I'm off by the six o'clock train in the morning, so where would be the use ? She'll know it soon enough. I don't want to vex her, for she loves me, and I love her, fer all Tier queer ways, poor lass 1 Good-bye, mate ; I must go in-and, I say, Ben." "Well?" " You'll say a kind word to Molly sometimes, won't you, when its all over, and tho news is come ? and the little lad-Lovell, you know take a bit of notice of bim now and then ? He's a fine little fellow, and he'll miss his father." Clarke drew his hand across his eyes, and pre- mised as he wpuld have dene to a dying man for Aaron's peril was vary real to bim, that he would do anything he oould for Molly and her boy if anything happened to the husband and father. Ho was going away for a year himself in a very little while, bot ho promised for his wife and mother, and the two men parted with a silent hand-clasp, and Ben Clarke went home. Honor was watohing for him at the door, and demanded what had kept him so long. She had been frightened almost oat of her wits, she de- clared, at the delay. " Let her speak for herself," said his mother, with a smile. " I was far too busy getting your supper, my lad, to think of being frightened." But her glad face and quivering lips as she kissed her son belied her words. She had really been fanoying that all sorts of ills bad befallen him, sod was very happy to see him came back. " I think we may keep Dolly," he said, taking the child on his knee, and fondling her. " No one has asked for her, and nothing has bean found out about the ship or the passengers. Why, Honor, lass, the child's starved," he added, as the lit'le one stretobed ont her bands for the savoury morsels from bis plate. "She isn't; she had her snpper. Babies are like puppies, they never know when they have had enough. Don't stuff her like that, Ben ; you'll make her ill." " Not a bit of it." «You will." And Honor pounced upon the obild, disap- pointing her of a tit-bit, and provoking a tem- pest of shrieks that Ben declared was worse than a score of boatswain's whistles all going at once, and which it took some time to quell. " Why didn't you oome home by the train ?" Honor asked, when peace was at length restored, and the little one asleep in her arms. "I did." " Then what kept you ?" f I met Darritt on the beaoh yonder, and stayed talking to him." " There's something the matter with Aaron Darritt," Mrs. Clarke said. " He looks to me like a man who has done some ill, and has it on his conscience Molly thinks so too She's very troubled about him, poor soul ! though she ?bows it in an odd fashion. Anyhow he's a ohanged character sinoe he went away last time." " He has something troubling him, mother," her son replied; " but its no sin poor fellow !" 'J What is it, then ?" " He's bad a warning, mother, He doesn't want Molly to know, so don't tell her. He's afraid she'd fret ; bathe's hada warning, and he thinks when he says gopd-bye te ber in the morning it will be for ever. I tried to make him think 'twas fanoy, but I might as well have talked to the winds. He feels he is goiDg for the last time, he says, and he looked like a dying man when he shook bands with me just now " "A warning, indeed," Mrs. Clarke said quietly, when her son had told her all Aaron'» story. "Poor Molly! People say dreams are all nonsense, and I dare Bay a great many of them are; bat it may please the Almighty to Bend a message that way now as be did in the days when there were prophets, and miracles, and all BPrts of wonders in the world. ' Warned of God in a dream,' the Bible Bays, and it seems to me, not that there are no warnings now a days, but that we haven't simple faith enough to take them." " May be, mother," said her Bon. " Who can tell ? It seems to me as if inventions, and pro- gress, and money-making have driven away all the simple faith oat of the world. We shall seo in time whether Aaron's dream oomes trae or not." But everyone of the little household believed in it most firmly, and thought with pity of poor slatternly Molly Darritt and her boy as they lay down to rest that night. The two Bailors went away on their respr-c tive voyages-Benjamin Clarke about a week after Aaron Darritt, and their households were left as sailors' feminine belongings are, to wait with weary heart-siokness for news of the ab- sent ones, and to shiver with cold horror when the sky lowered and the waves dashed high upon tbe shore, telling of storm and tempest out at sea, and peril to brave men and goodly ships The little waif from the sea grew and throve io her new home, and was soon the admiration of ail the neighbeurs. Her fame went abroad, and people ccme from a distance to see her, attracted by the marvellous stories which were told con- cerning her; and Honor might, bad she chosen, have kept her upon gifts which were offered by grand people who stopped their carriages to en- quire about the little sea-child, as they called , her. _ j But Honor was resolute in refusing all assist- ance, save now and then a gift from Mrs. Hul- ton. I " She did not want anything," she would tell everyone respectfully. " Anyono was welcome to come and see the little girl, and to hear all there was to be cold about her ; but there was 'no need to take any help ; they were pretty well to do, she was thankful to say, and wau ted for nothing." And her neighbours voted her proud, and Molly Darritt openly declared she was a fool, and turned up her nose at Dolly's rare beauty. *' The child was no better than other chil- dren," she declared. " She was well enough, but nothing to make a fuss over." She bad another reason for feeling sore with Honor and her foster-daughter. Dolly had a singular aversion to her. No matter how good or contented she was, or how peaoeable her sur- roundings, the minute Molly's big Blatteruly figure came in sight, were it ever so far off, she began to cry, and was not pacified till ber bite noire was fairly out of sight. Molly strove to conciliate her for some time, bat taking the child in her arms only produced wild shrieks and kicks, enough, as Honor declared, to send her into a fit, and Mrs. Darritt desisted. She made no farther overtures to the child, but she cried ber wrongs in the market place as it were, and loudly complained to all and sundry that Ben Clarke's wife was not contented with being too good for her neighbours herself, but she must teach the child to be full of airs too. Honor was terribly troubled about the good lady's assertions. She didn't want to offend any- one, not even Molly Darritt ; bnt her tearful pro- testations were of no avail, Molly would not be- lieve her, and all she could do was to keep out of the way of her tongue as best she could. Dolly had no dislike to Lovell-far from it From the very first day of her residence in her new home, the boy's unkempt bead andnacouth appearance seemed to have a wonderful attraction for her. She would gojjj-hinTîn' preference to anyone else, anjLbeTfúiet for hours in bis arms, or rolHngabout on the sand, with Love Ion guard ; .and she had no greater delight than for bim to lie down beside her, and let her tug at his brown oorla, in which her little hands buried themselvcB as they might in the coat of a big curly retriever. There was a great deal cf a dog's faithfulness in Lovell's regard for the child. His heart had never warmed to anything as it did to her. No- body, except bis father, had ever loved him as she did, and very soon they were inseparable He carne to be Dolly's nurse almost entirely. His mother oared very little where he was, so be was not troubling her, and he soon came to be a very useful little fellow in Ben Clarke's house- hold. Molly gave a very ungracious permission for him to spend his time there, and under Mrs. Clarke's kindly supervision be grew less of a young savage and more like other boys He and Dolly might be seen every day out together and alone, for though the neighbouring boys were quite as ready as ever to jeer at Lovell's ragged head and curious attire, they had learned by grim experience that it was wise on their parts to let anything belonging to Molly Darritt alone. Month after month passed away thus unevent- fully ; winter came and went, and Dolly began tp walk and talk, and Lovell's pride in her was immense, for his name was the first intelligible word she uttered. Lovell developed into a fine, intelligent boy under tbo new care bestowed upon bim, and Honor and her mother-in-law contrived that he should go to school. Tbey appealed to Molly, who declared that she didn't care-she had no clothes for him-he might go, but he muBt go as he was- But the boys made his life such a misery to him that he ran away, and was found in a cavern on the shore, " wait- ing for the water to come up and drown him," he declared when he was taken out by the men who saw him. They took him back to Mrs. Clarke, and the pitying woman oomforted him, and made bim a suit of clothes, which, in after years, Lovell Dar ritt was wont to dcolare saved bim body and Boni. He loved his mother with the unreasoning love of a'puppy or a kitten, but he loved the two women who befriended him with a love that was almoBt worship. One bright morning in the early spring, Honor sent him with a basket of new- laid eggs to Mrs. Hulston. The rector's wife was very kind to Dolly, and her foster-mother was glad when she could make any little return. The child clamoured to go too, and she tied on her hood and sent her off, bidding Lovell burry, to be there in time for breakfast. Mrs. Hulston had a visitor-her brother Edgar, a bachelor still, and a restless rover wherever his fancy led bim. It had led him to Weston for the nonoe, for he was very fond of his sister, and liked the quiet of her simple home. " You'll be terribly dull here, Edgar," Bhe said to bim, as she banded him a oup of coffee on this special morning. " Not a bit of it, my dear," he replied gaily. " I'm going to study the manners and customs of the natives, and find out -what thiakv and tbecky mean before I go baok to London." " You're a rude boy," his sister Baid, laugh- ing. " You understand ' Zoomerzet' as well as any one. Jack and 1 learnt it in a week," " Jack" was Mrs. Holston's private and par- ticular name for the Rev. John Hillston, who looked np and smiled. " In less, I think," be said. " Here's little Lovell Darritt ooming, my dear." "That sounds a grand name," said Edgar Gwynne. "Who'sLovell Darritt?" " Ah, a prolege of mine-the son of the moat disgraceful woman in the parish What does he want, Jane ?" as a servant entered with a basket and Honor's message. " Mrs. Clarke is very kind," she said ; " send him in, Jane." " And the baby too, ma'am ?" " Oh yes, if she's there. I should like Mr. Gwynne to see our Dolly." CHAPTER VI. TIDINGS OF AARON BABBITT. The earth hath bubbles, as tha water hatb, And these are ot them. -Shakespeare " How enthnsiastio yon women are all about babies," was Edgar Gwynne's remark, as the ser- vant was despatched to fotoh the children. " You talk about the baby as if there were no other on the face of the earth," " Dolly is the baby par excellence hereabouts," Mrs. Hülsten replied; " bat hero they come." "So this is the young gentleman with a name like the hero of a novel, is it,' Mr. Gwynne remarked, as Lovell, muoh abashed, was pushed into the room, leading little Dolly by the hand. " How old are you, Master Lovell ?" Lovell wasn't very sure, but thought he was «igt' f Dolly's neatly two," ha said trian phantly, feeling pretty sure on that point. " That is, we think she is," said Mrs. Hulston, taking the little one ou her knee, and removing her hood .' Tbore, Edgar, did jon ever see a more perfect face ?" But Edgar Gwynne made no answer, only stared blankly at the child, and his s.ster saw that his face was whito to the lips, and avery fea- ture quivering with some inward agitation. " What is the matter 7" she asked in alarm " Are you ill ?" " No, no," he replied. " ThiB child ; who is she-where docs she como from ?" Ile took the little one in his arms, and gazed into her face with a yearning, searobing look, as if he would read the seoret id the baby eyes that looked so feailessly into his face. " She comes out of the sea," his sister replied. " She is a veritable child of the ocean A sailor picked her up, and adopted her; that is all we know. I'll tell you all the story after break- fast." The bell was rung, and the children sent away but Edgar Gwynne, though he declared he was ready to do justioe to all the Somersetshire dain- ties his sister could set before bim, made but poor play with bis knife and fork. He seemed distrait, and said that his appetite was very fickle, when Mrs. Hulston remarked upon his poor per formanoa. " I'll make up for it at dinner," he said, " when I have had a walk. Mow, old lady, tell me all this wonderful story," He listened with eager interest to the minutest details about little Dolly, and deoUred he should like to see the two women who had done so muoh for the friendless orphan. " They must be exceptionally good people," he said. " It is no small undertaking to bring up a child " " They are very good. Old Mrs. Clarke is quite a stately lady in her way; and Honor, though she is an impetuous little woman, whose temper runs away with her sometimes, is agreat favourite of mine. She's a good-hearted creature." " I Bhould like to see the things that were sent home with thatohild."' " Pbu, Edgar !" " Yes, why not ?" " I thought only women were carious." " Men are curious too, whoa they are inter- ested," he replied ; " and I am interested now." " Mrs. Clarke will be very proud to show them to you, I am sure. There are some Oriental ornaments and a look of the mother's hair beautiful hair, just like what the baby'« is BOW -and some few clothes." " And no name ?" " No. I think there are initials on some of !tbo things. D. C, I fancy ; or, perhaps, I'm thinking of the ship they oalled her after-the Dorothy Carter. Did you ever hear such a name to give a baby ? But what makes you so anxious to know ?" " Well, nothing. At least only a look in that child's face; it reminds me of some one I knew i once. " Anyone alive ?" " No, not thjs many a year." " Ah, then it can't be that child'« mothar," Mrs. Hulston remarked; and Edgar replied gravely, " No, of course not," and the subjec dropped. Nor did anything more come of the visjt to Mrs. Clarke. The two women showed the things with great pride, and bis sister watohed his face anxiously as he turned tbem over. There was an expectant look upon it like a man who hopes, yet fears, to discover he hardly knows what. " Do you know anything of them ?" she asked, as he handled the trinkets one after the other, with the feeling skip to awe with #hiob we touch the property of the dead. " No." / " There ends my romance then," «be said laughing. " I was fancying you did; you looked so interested." " I was interested, and am ; but not ia that way. These trinkets haye no voice for me; they will 6peak sadly enough to someone some- time I daresay." Biit he was not quite satisfied, and took another opportunity of visiting the eottage with- out his sister, and questioning Mrs Clarke still further on the subject. She told him every- thing she could think of, and indireotly men- tioned her son's fancy about the diamond brace- let. ¡Edgar Gwynne started up at the word " A diamond braoelet," he exclaimed. " What was it like?" Did your SOD see anything peculiar about it ?" " Indeed, I couldn't say, sir," sha replied. " He just saT it for a moment, and then it was gone ; be said it looked like a line of fire around her arm, that was all." It was no use ; there was nothing more to be discovered, even though Edgar Gwynne pushed his curiosity so far as to go over to Swansea, and ferret out all there was to be told about the wreck, and the bnrial of the drowned woman He had to go back to town with his cariosity I unsatisfied, though his interest in the child was unabated, and he left a five pound note with Honor to buy olothes for her, whioh Mrs. Clarke took straightway to the Reotory, somewhat doubtful about accepting suoh a large sum. Mrs. Hulston bade ber use it for the child, and told her huBband when he came home that she verily believed her brother had gone a little mad over Ben Clarke's protege. " He couldn't bear children when be was a lad," she said. " I can't think what has come over him " " The child soomed to me to remind him of some one," Mr. Helston replied. " Was he ever in love, my dear ?" " Ah, yea-a wretched affair; the girl who afterwards married Lord Mountsorrel for his money. I've only beard of it, of course. I'm put pf the world now ; but by all accounts it was a good thing she jilted him-she earns to some dreadful end or other. It was hushed np of oourse, but I believe she eloped, and died in poverty somewhere abroad." " I suppose there is a romanee in everyone'8 life," the Reotor said. " It can't be my Lady Mountsorrel that the ohild is like. He wouldn't want to look twice at anything that reminded him of a woman like that." Mr. Hulston was very wise and far-seeing in most things, but |he could not quite fathom the depths of Edgar Gwynne'« heart, where the image of his loBt love reigned supreme to the exelusion of any other passion, and would until the des- tiny that rules in Cupid's dominion willed it should be otherwise. In the autumn Bon Clarke was expected home once more, and by that time hie foster-ohild hud grown into a sturdy, healthy little oraature, who ran hither and thither in a fearless fashion, that Borely tried the nerves of " Granny," who would sit knitting on the shore for hoars together, while Dolly played about among the sand and seaweed. She loved the sea, though it had fost her so dear; though under its restless waves lay the busband of her youth, and the stalwart sons who should have been tbe stay of ber eld age ; and though Ben himself might sometime go down to his death in its treacherous bosom. She had come under its fascination in her infancy, and to the day of her death there would be no greater charm for her than the sound of the waves and the ever-varying ««peet of the fathomless sea. Ben came to be hourly expected, and the two women to whom he was all in all took to watching the road from the Btation with eager eyes. They oould not tell to a day when he might como, so they were always ready for him. At night a light burned in the little window, to let bim seo they were there, and by day the door stood open, that they might see bim and hear his welcome footstep the Booner. One evening a shadow darkened the doorway, and Honpr sprang up with a glad ory to meet-M o Darritt. " Oh !" was her not very complimentary ex' clamation, " it's only you " " Yes, its only me," was the answer in a subí dued tone that surprised Honor, for her remark, was calculated to provoke what Molly called " tho length of her tongue" ; and, looking np, she saw that something was agitating her visitor very much. Molly's usually red face was peri feotly white now, and the hand she rested on the table-for she had walked ÍP uninvited shook it till the cups and saucers on it rattled with its trembling. "What's the matter, Mplly?" asked Mrs, Clarke, " You're upset, I see " "Yes," replied Molly; and it seemed as though she could not foroe her dry lips to titter another word. "Sitdown," said Honor kindly, poshing a obair to her : " and try and tell us- maybe we can help you." "No." Again she seemed trying to speak, in yaior she oonld only look at them imploringly, and the sympathy in their faces for her upknown sorrow thawed the frozen grief, and she burst into passionate wailing, very pitiful to see. They let her ajone, knowing what a relief tears are to an overcharged heart; and they were right -tears and speeeh oame together, and she Bobbed out what she bad oome to tell. " Aaron is drowned/' she said. " Drowned 1" They oould not utter another word, so amazed were they. Aaron was expected home about the same time as Ben, and only that very day Honor bad been to Molly's cottage, and had seen various preparations she had been making for him ; for Molly was not so thoughtless and slatternly as of yore, though her house »as by no meaDs a pattern of neatne.-s yet The two women had speculated which of them would see their husband first ; and it was very dread- ful to hear thus that one of tbem would come home no more Honor felt sick and cold at the thought; if Aaron was drowned might not Ben be drowned too ? It was awful to think of. "But how did you hear it?" asked Mrs Clarke. Who told you, Molly? Have you had a letter ?" " Yes ; I had one to-day, but-" "But what?" " That was from Aaron himself." " Ah ! then, it's not true maybe. You know how Buch reports get about. Don't you believe it, Molly ; it will turn out a mistake maybe." Molly shook her head wearily. "No; it's true," she said. " He's drowned. Ah ! I know now what brought him home so oddly that time! He knew he should never come any more. Ob, what shall I do ? What shall I do ? Oh, Aaron, Aaron ! to die so many thousand miles away in the salt sea !" " You're not the only woman whose heart lies buried there," Mrs. Clarke said quietly. " But you haven't told us how you know it, Molly. If it's only hearsay we'll get Mr. Hulston to enquire about it. Don't take it to heart so till you hear more." Molly did not reply direotly, but went on, half to herself as it seemed " And I heard from him, only to-day. He'd ohanged his ship, he said ; but the money would be life for me all the same. Money! As if I oared for money when I can't seo him ! Much good the money will be to me now he's gone !" Sbe burst into wild weeping again, but it seemed to relievo her, and in a minute or two she turned again to the two women, who were looking at her with dismayed faces. " Ii's Gospel truth," she said My Aaron is drowned. I know it as well aB though I had seen him sink into the sea before my eyes. You were asking who told me, weren't you, just now ?" " Yes ; tell us, Molly," Honor siid pityingly. "Try and tell us." | " You'll tbink mo mazed, maybe. I'm not that, though I was near done with fright just now. Aaron told me himself, Mrs. Clarke." No one spoko for a minute after this astounding announcement. The two women to whom she spoke bad a full belief in the possibi- lity of such a thing, and Honor looked nervously round at the shadowy comers, as though she half- expeoted to see Ben standing there with the same awful intelligence for her. She was tbc first to find her breath. " Oh, don't say that !" she said in terror. " Don't say suoh terrible things. Ob, mother, do you think such a thing can be ?" " I've heard of such things," was the grave reply. " Are you sure, Molly-WSB it no fancy, do you think ?" " No it was no fancy," Molly replied solemnly. " If ever I saw my busband, Aaron Darritt, in my life, I saw bim by his own fireside not an hour 6iooe." There was truth in every tone of the sorrow- ing wife's voioe, and Honor looked terrified, almost to fainting, at what she had heard. " Tell us all about it, Molly," her mother-in law said "It won't seem so hard to learn, maybe, wben it's told. Don't look so terrified, Honor, my girl. Ben's in the hand of Providence, and he 11 be spared to us yet, never fear." "I know, I know," said Honor. "But it's awful to hear of." She listened with eager interest while Molly told her story. "I bad been washing," she said, "for I wanted to have things a bit tidy before Aaron came home, and Lovell and I had been out with the things to the sand hills to dry. That buy's got very handy lately, thanks to you two, and I sent him to the shop while I got the key (I'd left it at Barby Dratobell's) and went in. She was out for a minute, and I had to wait, BO I just looked in through the window-I doD't know why I'm sure-and I saw-" " Ah ! if you only saw it through the window, Molly, it may have been tho light," Mrs. Clarke said. " Sbadows are very deceiving, you know." '' It wasn't a sb.adow.-t- it waa Aaron." " Not himself " " No ! Oh, no ! What am I talking about ? I saw a sailor ID the bouse with his back to me He had his arm on the mantel-piece, and was looking down into the fire ; there wasn't much, only a little red glance, but I oould see bim quite plain. I rapped at the window as hard as I oould, but he didn't seem to hear me." " Did you speak ?" " I think I did, I'm not sure ; but the man didn't move, and then Mrs. Dratohell came with the key, and I gave it her for letting anyone into the house when I was out." " What did she say ?" " She said I must be mad or drunk, for sho'd been away up the town with the key iu her pooket. I bade her look in, and she did, but she just went away with a laugh, and said some- thing about lifting my little finger too often. She saw nothing." " And did you find the man there ?" asked Honor, breathless with excitement. " Yes ; somehow it made me feel strange to think that she hadn't seen bim. I never thought of Aaron, bub I fancied the man a tramp. He never stirred when I opened the door, though I did not do it quietly. I got soared, and aBked bim who he was, and how he got there, but he didn t answer, and I just struck a match, and ho turned his face, and I saw it was Aaron. I WBB so startled that I \- dropped the match and called out his name, but when I went to take hold of him he wasn't there. It seemed strange he didn't speak, and when I hadgotalightlfeltasifldsrenot turn my head. It was odd to be afraid of Aaron, but I had hard work to speck. I said ' What a fright you have given mp, old man 1' and when I did look round he was there just in the same place. I Bpoke again, and then he turned his faoe to me all drawn with pain, and I saw that he was all wet. I just went to touch him, and he put out his hands as if to keep me off, and then the pain went out of his face, and it grew white and still like a corpse, and he was gone." And Molly burst onoe moro into passionate weeping, which was not to be quelled by the soothing of the awestrioken women, who thoroughly believed in her story, and did not know when suoh a visitation might not happen to themselves. CHAPTER Vu. CHRISTMAS DAY. Tis the sunshine of life gives me mystical lore, And comiug events cast their shadawa before. -Campbell. It was of no use to try and reason Molly Dar ritt out of her faqoy, or whatever it waa, that she had seen her husband, even if the two women to whom she had told her story had wished to do so. Bat they believed in it all, with the simple faith of untutored minds, and advised her to speak to Mr. Hulston about it at once. .'. He's always kind," Mrs Clarke said ; " and he'll toil you what to do, and how to find our." The Reotor and his wife did not laugh when poor Molly, furbished up, after some peculiar notions of her own, but presenting only a sorry figure after all, presented herself at the Rectory and told her story. They only gently hinted that Bhe might be mistaken, and advised her not to tell anyone. "Have you spoken to anyone besides the Clarkes ?" Mrs. Hulston asked. " No, ma'am " " Does your little boy know ?" "No, ma'am I couldn't tell him somehow; he was not with me when-when I saw his fa- ther," said poor Molly, with a gulping sob. " Then don't tell him-such storieB are hardly fit for little ones," said Mr. Hulston kindly. " I'll make enquiries immediately, and if it has pleased Heaven to take your husband from you, and to send you intimation of it in this myster- ious manner, try and keep up your heart, Molly ; the Almighty has some wjse purpose in it, be Büro of that- Yea know the hymn we Bing in ohurch sometimes Behind a frowning Providence Ha hides a smiling face. Try and have faith to believe it is for the best, though it is suoh a hard trial to bsar." "I don't go to ohurch as I ought, sir,"°said Molly, wiping her eyes on her apron; "and I don't know much about faith. It seems to me I can't have faith now ; but I thank you kindly, Mr. Hulston, for listening to me, sir, and not making light of what I've said." "God forbid I should make light of any sorrow, Molly. Now tell me the name of your husband's ship, and I will see whut we oan do." *i The Jupp, sir, of Brjßtol. Po went to Buenos Ayres in the Petrel, but be changed there. He wasn-'t eomfertable, he said." " I'll make all enquiries, be sure of that," Mi. Hulston said j and he did. He wrote to a friona,' conneoted with shipping matters, to make all enquiries about the Juno and her orew ; but, in the meantime, bade Molly not speak of or brood over what she had told him more than she could help. Molly obeyed as far as she could, but some- how or other an inkling of the story got out, and all sortit of reports were rife A good while must necessarily elapse before any news could be obtained, and, in the meantime, Bon Clarke came home, safe and well, to Honor's gieat joy, and his mother's less demonstrative but equal delight. His sbip was paid off, and he should not join another till the next year, he told them ; so they would have bim at borne for Christmas a rare happiness for them. ' Molly Darritt was muob changed for the bot- ter by the sorrow and depression which had oome ever ber. Her house was much tidier, aod little Lovell began to look clean and whole- some, and more like other children. He wa3 growing a fine, intelligent boy, and showed re- markable aptitude for learning. " He'll make a fine man," Ben declared one day, when he had gone out as usual with Dolly " Poor boy ! if it's true what his mother fears, we must make a shift to keep him at sohool amongst us." " Schooling doesn't cost a great deal," Honor said. " I'm afraid its true, somehow." " I think it is, Honor, lass. Aaron knew it himself" « Knew it !" " Yes." " Did he tell you ?" " Yes." " When ?" " When,he waa home laBt. I told my mother about it. It was a dream he had ; and it was so heavy on biB mind that he carne all the way home here to see Molly and little Lovell once more " " Did Molly know ?" " No ! he said he shouldn't tell her. But he knew, poor fellow ! he knew." " I don't like to think of it, Ben. Suppose it had been you instead of Aaron !" " I'm thankful it wasn't, my girl. Don't let us talk any more about it. What a pretty child our Dolly grows." " Doesn't she ? I wish we oould find out some- thing about her." " A queer thing happened to me in London, Honor." " About Dolly ?" " No not exactly ; and yet it was very strange. I went to tbe West End to see the Queen and all the fine folk." " Aud did you see her ?" " £"es." " Is she handsome ?" " Lord, no," was Ben's decisive answer. " Not a bit of it ; but she's better than that. Sbe has a kindly pleasant face, and eyes that go right into a fellow's heart when she looks at you ; aod people say that she has the knack of looking so that every one thinks her bow and smile are specially meant for them. I made a fool of myself, Honor. I yelled till I was hoarse I've sang, ' God save the Queen,' many a time, but I nevor knew what the words meant till I saw her, real fleah and blood, like myself, within arm's length of me." " I should like to see the Queen," Honor said reflectively. " Had she a erown on, Ben ?" " No ; something white on her head, with dia- monds about it. There was a grand show-a drawing room, I think tbey said-nnd in a car- riage that came very soon after the Queen's I saw-" " What ?" " Well, it makes a lump in my throat almost, to think of it. But-" " WIio was it, Ben ?" " The dead woman we pulled out of the water at Swansea." | " Dolly's mother ?" ' " Yes." " Oh, Ben, how awful !" "'Twasn't her, of course, my girl; or, if it was, she's risen out of the grave, and come back into the world-but the likeness was dreadful, it sent mo all over a cold shiver, I can tell you. There she was, just as we drew her out of the water, except that she had a real, bright colour. She had just the same features, and the same coloured hair, hanging down in curls. Her head was bare, for all the people were in full dress, which means bare arms and shoulders, so I saw her quite plain ; but the likeness wasn't all." " No " " No ; when she lifted her arm, there Was the diamond braoelet I saw flashing in the moon- light that night." " Oh, Ben !" " There was, and more than that ; thero was the shawl-as like the one you have stowed away in the ehest yonder as one grain of sand is like anothnr. The carriages couldn't get on, so I saw it all quito plain. I can't make it out, and when I think of it I feel as though I had seen a ghost." " Who was it ?" "Ah ! I ooul in't find out. I asked a police- man, and he said it was General Somebody and his niece. Icou'dn't catch the name. The gen- tleman wasin uniform-all scarlet and gold, with a blue ribbon. Nobody seemed to know the lady's name." " It's very odd, Ben." " It is ; for the young lady was the image of our little Dolly, as well as that dead woman ; and there was the sbawl and the bracelet besides." ' " Ah, there are thousands of Cashmere »hawls in the world, and diamond bracelets, too," Honor remarked. " They don't tell much." " It was the very same, my lass. The lady had it spread out over her knees-the big scarlet flowers with the gold threads running tbrough them. AV here's the one I brought home ?" Honor went to the chest which contained her most precious treasures, and brought out the sbawl. Thanks to her mother's care, and the labour of the nearest dyer, it was not muob the worse for its immersion in the salt water, and the scarlet flowers shone out as vividly as ever. "-It's the same," said Ben. " There's more in it than accident, little woman. If ever we can find out who that lady was, we shall find out something about our little Dolly." Christmas drew on, and the little household prepared to keep it, in the_aimplo fashion that will hold good in English homOB and hearts while our christian faith holds sway. Mrs. Clarke loved Christmas-it had always been a season of joy and happiness to her, before the cruel sea had robbed her of nearly all she held dear in this world. Ben loved it too, though of late years he had spent it in all sorts of places ; the last in South America, under a hot wind, where, as he declared, no one oould do anything but lie still and be fanned. It was a real, good, old-fashioned Christmas morning, with the sky olear overhead, and the snow lying crisp and feathery under foot ; and little Dolly and her faithful guardian, Lovell, presented themselves in the morning, after a promenade, all white and glowing, from a roll in the Boow. Healthy, happy ohildren they looked, and the little one commenoed a furiouB raid on " Daddy's" pockets, while Lovell looked on with something of sadness in his eyes. Poor child ; there wore no pookots for him to empty ; no father to pat bis head in loving Christmas greeting. Ben saw the wistful eyes, and gave him an orange. " Where are you going to-day, my man ?" he asked. " Nowhere," was thesomewhat gloomy answer. " Ah, then, I suppose mother has company at home?"' " No." There was the same weary, listless tone, so sad to hear in a ohild ; and the boy cast a wist- ful glance at Honor's preparations for dinner. " Mother hasn't got anybody to come apd see her," he said presently, after a pause. "I know-I know," stid Ben kindly. " Wait a mínate, Lovell, my man," and he went hastily into the little soullery, where his wife was busy washing vegetables. " I Bay, Honor," he began. " well," she said, looking up from the man- j ipulation of some orisp-looking oelery. " Do you mind asking Molly Darritt to oome in and spend the Christmas with us? Poor soul ! it seems hard to be all alone on such a day, and none too muoh in her pocket to keep it up with." Honor shrugged her shoulders, and looked anything but pleased at the prospeot. " I don't mind having the boy," she said hesi- tatingly, " but-" "But you don't want Molly, Well, never mind, there's no harm done." " She's suoh a fright, Ben." " She oan't help that, poor soul ! I didn't think of her looks, only of her loneliness. We oan't have Lovell without her." " No, of oourse not. Poor thing 1 Ask her if you like, Ben. I'll make her welcome, though I don't like her muoh. I know what it is to pe lonely and »d at Christmas time myself," f That's right, my lass Sbe'l) make herself pleasant enough, never fear. I'll send Lovell to fetch her." Lovell went off in a state of wild delight to in- vite bia mother to share the Clarkes' festivities ; and poor Molly, whose utmost preparations did not exceed a morsel of meat and a dumpling, wat quite agitated at the honour done her; and began to furbish up her apparel with very trembling hands indeed. " It's very kind of them-very," she said, with something very like a tear in her eye. " 1 little thought ever to be asked into their house to a meal. It's little of Christmas merrymaking we should bave sem bujt for this, Lovell, my lad " " Haven't you any money, mother ?" queried the boy. " Not mach, child ; and your father-" She stopped suddenly, and burst into tears, which Lovell vainly tried to stop. " Don't cry, mother," he said. " Father will soon come home, won't he ?" " Maybo, boy-maybe. Run away, there's a dear, and tell Mrs. Clarke I'm coming He doesn't know, poor child ! How should be ?" s îe said to herself, as Lovell ran off. "Coming home! Ah ! Heaven help me. He'll never come home any more." She was a pitiful eontrast to their fresh smart- ness, in her faded gown, and poor, thin shawl ; but she was no longer ragged or dirty. Lovell had a complete suit of corduroy, whioh was in vogue in those days, and boots, wonderfully stud- ded with nails, and his face shone again with the washing that had been bestowed on it. His hair was curly and well brasbed, and Ben Clarke de- clared, to his mother's great delight, that he was a very pretty boy. He was teo happy to think anything about looks ; he was obliged to pinch himself and Dolly, too, sometimes, to make sure that it was not all some pleasant dream, from which he should wake to a Christmas like his last, which he had spent alone with his scolding, balf-tipBy mother It was hardly to be believed that this feast of fat things could be real, and his mother an honoured guest in Mrs. Clarke's bouse. But the dinner was no dream, nor Dolly, in her new red stock- ings, whioh cost her many a tremble to look at ; nor his mother, with a glass of something, hot and nice, in her band, looking somehow more re- fined and gentle than he had ever seen her look before. Molly was very quiet. She spoke a few words of thanks to their entertainers, but her silence was more eloquent than any speech ; her heart was too full for talking, poor woman. The postman appeared in the midst of their enjoyment,"with a letter for Ben. " Anything for me ?" Molly asked with a very pale face. " Nothiog to-night," was the answer, and the man went away, after wishing them all " Merry Christmas" over a glass of punch. Molly tasted hers with a sigh of relief. " I'm always afraid to see the postman," she said. " I'm thankful the news hasn't come to- night to spoil our evening." Her words told what a load of terrible antici- pation lay upon ber heart. She spoke of " the news" with such painful certainty. They tried to ebeer her by turning the subject and speak- ing of other matters, and in a little while she seemed to forget her fears and enter thoroughly into the enjoyment of the time. About ten o'clock she arose to go, saying she had a heavy wash the next day, and must get home. " It's snowing hard," said Ben. " Stay a little till it leaves off." He opened the door as he spoke to let her see how the big flakes were whirling through the air, and encountered a tall figure, looking like a white pillar in the darkness. " Mercy on us, who's that?" said Honor. " No one very formidable," said the familiar voice of Mr Hulston, and they roBO in respectful astonishment. " May I come in ?" They welcomed him with one voice, wonder- ing what had brought him from his own Christ- mas gathering on such a night, and Ben took his guest's coat off to shake it, blowing the candle oat in the performance, and sending a whirl of feathery flaken over everything. When tbey obtained another light they saw that the Rector looked very grave. " Has anything happened, sir ?" said Mrs Clarke. " You look badly." " Yes," was the quiet answer. " I have sad new for a happy day like this. I would not have come to-night, but I was afraid you would hear of it by aocident. It's not for you, Mrs. Clarke" " No ; its for me," said Molly Darritt starting up. " Has it come at last, sir ?" "Yes," said Mr. Hulston gravely, taking the rough, toil-hardened hand of poor Molly in UÍB own, and making her Bit down again ; " the very news you have so dreaded to hear. Will you come homo, or shall I tell you all about it here ?" " Here-here," she said wearily. " There's not much to tell that I don't know ; and if any one can comfort me they will." j Mr. Hulston bad been fain to acknowledge when be heard of Aaron Darritt's death that it was very strange, for the story he had to tell Molly was corroboration in full of ber fears and her husband's prescience of his own end. It was a common enough tale-a history of a ship blown out of her course on to the pitiless ice mountains of the southern ooean ; of death and disaster, with none to help, and only two or three chance survivors to tell the talo. It was a story, alas ! too often told in our seaside homes, and corroborated by a few dry, brief lines from the shipowners' office, to whom Aaron Darritt only represented a not very valuable item in the aggregate loss of life and property from whioh they suffered. CHAPTER VIII. THE PREAOHINa IN ASTON PARK. Still achieving, still pursuing. Learn to labour and to wait. -Long/dlow. Ten years of peaceful, uneventful life had passed over the people of whom we bave been writing before we again take s peep at them and theirs, and see how the world goes with Ben Clarke and his belongings, and Mrs. Darritt and her son. Changes had come to them as they come to all in this lower world, and none greater than the fact tbat they bad changed the fresh, free sir of the Bristol Channel, the long stretch of sand, and the murmuring of the wind and waves, for the smoke-burthened air, and the busy hastie and rear of the crowded streets of Birmingham The change had oome about oddly enough some fivo years after Molly's bereavement. The little household of the sailor were in great trouble, for the elder Mrs. Clarke had died after a brief illness, and they were mourning her as we mourn for those whose loss nothing can replace. It was some comfort to see how she had been respected, and to hear Mr. HuUton allude to her in his sermon the next Sunday as one whose life had been a pattern to all. But their hearts were very sore, and it was hard to hear the sods rattle on ter coffin lid, and feel they should see her no more ; and Mr. Hulston, calling the day after the fanerai, found Honor and little Dolly weeping bitterly over t.hnir hnnnphnld work. " I'm glad I've some news for you, Honor," he said. " You want rousing out of your sorrow." " News for me, sir ?" " Yes. Where is Ben ?" He was soon called, and Mr. Hulston put an open letter into his hand. It was from a lawyer in Birmingham, asking for the address of Honor Belton, a parish orphan, who was next of kin to a client of his, who had just died, leaving a little property. It was only a very little-a tiny chandler's Bhop in a back street, and a small sum of money ; but it made quite an h'eiress of Honor, and dispelled her grief a little. Her first thought was that Bhe should have brought her husband something after all, and her unselfish delight in it touched Mr. HuUton deeply. " You'd better go to Birmingham and see about it, Ben," he said " The lawyer evidently wants to get it off his hands. I am very glad such a bit of good fortune has fallen to you." " I was in hope it was something about Dolly here," Ben said, drawing the lovely child closer to him and oaressiog her. " She's a lady boro, I'm sure, if we could only find it out " Ben had the remembranoe of his London ad- venture always before him, but all hope of find- ing out anything was rapidly dying away. She was a singularly beautiful and uncommon look- ing little girl, with large, lustrions eyes, and hair that lay in soft, feathery-looking curls, and never seemed out of order. Her hands and feet were very small, and her whole bearing was oariously refined and ladylike. Mrs. Hulston had taken her eduoation under her speoial charge, so that she was being better trained than oould be managed at the parish school, to whioh all the ohildren from the beach went. Ben and hie wife loved her beyond any earthly thing, and Honor oeased to look upon her being oiajme4 as a possibility. She could not part with her, she declared. Ben Clarke went to Birmingham,.and came back, reporting that the shop was a respectable little plaoe, in Aston Park Road, and that the I money was a little over ¿£100, whioh be bad been permitted to draw in his wife's name, and bring home " We might do worse than go and live there," be said, putting the bank notes into Honor's hands. " There's your fortune, my girl." " Nay, it's yours, Ben, dear," she said, return- ing it with a kiss. " You must put it in the bank for me. But what do you mean about liv- ing there ? You wouldn't leave Weston, would you?" " Yes, I would. I think you might do well there The business is just such a one as a wo- man can manage, and it isn't at all a disagreeable place. 'Tis n't in tbe heart of the town like, and there didn't seem any smoke about it." Ben was hardly in a position to judge, for bis visit to Sunflower street had been paid on a bright day, with the sun shining brilliantly and the air clear and fresh ; and, moreover, the wo- man in charge of the place, apprised of bis dom- ing, bad every thing in apple-pie order, which gave him a wonderful idea of Birmingham clean- liness, and won her just what she wanted, a hand- some gratuity. Honor was pleased at the idea of change, and Dolly was delighted, and so it carne about-that the family migrated before Ben returned to sea, and settled themselves down in their new home. The little business succeeded very fairly. Honor very wisely dropped all branches of it she oould not manage, and confined herself to a line of trade purely feminine. On the whole, Bhe was very happy in Sunflower Street, though she was unpleasantly reminded of the clear, pure air of Weston when the weather was wet, and the sky seemed to come nigh dpwn upon tue house-tops, bringing all the smoke of the big town along with it At such times Sunflower Street was not nice; it was odoriferous, to say the least of it-the guttere overflowed, and the drains made their presence known in a way that was not sugges- tive of seaweed or flowers, which were a)l tha-«>*** out-door smells whioh had come under DoU¡^72 ken at Weston But they got acolimatiBod/roods, did not Joose the fresh, healthy roseB born\ the the sea air; and Dolly went to school, and~' learned, and grew, and was the admiration of everybody. It was a pretty thing to see her playing at shopkeeping by Honor's side, and very soon «be was of considerable use Anything that did not want measuring or weighing she oould sell, and give small change with wonderful pre- cision. One day a woman walked into the shop, and she Blood up with childish dignity to ask what she wanted,-but thenextminuteshe was scramb- ling over the counter, sending ootton reels, pep- permint balls, buttons, &o;, flying ip all direc- tions. " Mother, mother 1" she shouted. " Come here. Here'B Mrs. Darritt and Lovell !" And she danced round her old friends in the exuber- ance of her joy, laughing and crying in a breath, and olutcbing Lovell as though she feared he was some shadow that would meit away out of ber clasp. It was, indeed, their old friends, and Honor welcomed them as she never thought to welcome her old aversion, Molly. They seemed to bring a whiff of the sea with them somehow, and to transport them back to the sandy shore and the rolling waves on Weston beach. After the first greetings, when a cap of tea had calmed their excitement at meeting, Mplly explained that she bad left Weston for good, The place had never seemed like the same to ber, she declared, Bince Honor left, tbe only person who ever showed any friendship for her. Molly bad been a changed woman since the strange verification of her vision, or whatever her fanoy bad been. Sbe grew oleanly and hard-working, but she kept ber quiok temper and sharp tongue ; and though she found work and made a living, she did not gain friends. Mr. Hulston was very kind to her ; and when he found she was very lonely, and fancied she should do batter if she were near Honor, he did not disoonrage the idea, but wrote to a friend of his to recom- mend her aa a laundress, and her boy for a plaoe in a free Behool. Nor did his kindness end here : Lovell was presented with a suit of clothes, and Molly herself with many useful artiolesout of Mrs Hulston's wardrobe, so that she was en- abled to save the necessary money for the jour- ney, and present a respectable appearanoe^as well. . " And I'm npt afraid bnt we will get said, when she had finished ber story of had been helped. " Good laundresses are not so very plentiful ; and though I say it myself, I can get up fine things equal to any Frenchwoman that was ever bom " The upshot of Molly's arrival was that ehe took a room in an adjacent street (Arethusa Bow), the name of which she declared reminded her of the sea, and settled down to look about her. Work came to her by degrees, and those who carne to her once came again, so that when ten. years had passed from the time of her widowhood she was one of the first laundresses in the neighbourhood. Lovell had left school, and was serving his time to a turner in the neighbourhood. He was an industrious, steady lad, but with small taste for his trade, though he was rapidly growing into a skilful workman. He waa studious and loved bis books, and confided to Dolly, whose champion and proteotor he still was, his desire to be a preaoher. Dolly opened her eyes very wide at this announcement. "A preaoher I" she exclaimed. "A real minister, with a surplice on, like Mr. Hulston ?" " Yes." " But Lovell, it coBts hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of ponnds to be that. People bave to go to college, and all that, -before they can be olergymen, haven't they ?" hoîvïSe I " Yes," Lovell said sadly. " I know it's im- possible; but it's-the wish of my life, Doily, and I think I'd give ten years of it to have it come true. Don't tell my mother ; she thinks I am quite oontent, and perhaps I ought to be ; and I don't want to vex her, dear old mother-she would give her life almost, to make me happy.' Dolly did not tell Mrs. Darritt, but she told Honor, who received the intelligence with some- thing of displeasure. She was ag thorough a be* liever in easte as a Hindoo, and bad no notion of anyone trying to raise themselves above their sta- tion. " Nonsense," she said sharply. " He's better where he is. The idea of Molly Darritt's rag- ged lad in a pulpit ! He's justa boy, and you're a foolish child to let him fill your head with such nonsense." But somehow Dolly felt there was more than nonsense in Loveli's wish, though she said no more, and presently the young apprentice went away with his master for a long spell of work in the ooantry, and she heard no more of his aspira- tions. Though Sunflower Street, Park Road, Aston, was not particularly savoury or pleasant, it was within a run of the Park, and Dolly spent many an hour in the pleasant grounds, whioh erewhile have echoed to Royal footsteps,- and wbieh are now suoh a boon to the pale-faoed dwellers in the close streets of the town. One fine, pure day an open-air preaching was announced in the Park, and the handbills about it having been distributed far and wide, there was a great gathering, of whom Dolly made one, after many injunotions from Honor to keep out of mischief. The preacher was a shining light among religious revivalists, who, if they annoy and disgust educated and clear-headed people, have their own uses among the uneducated lower classes. They have a way of going straight home to the heart, and of illustrating their dis- courses by homely allusions to familiar things whioh their hearers can eomprehend. The spot ohosen for the meeting could not have been improved upon-the Blope of the-bill just below the fine old hall; and the congrega-"^ tion grouped themselves round the man they ^> had eome to hear, making unconsoiously a soena of picturesque beauty. The preacher looked round on his homely congregation with quiet interest. He was a young man still-a clergyman of the Church of England, who had once held a curacy, bat whose views on the sabjeot of going oat into the highways and hedges for the guests to his Mas* ter's wedding feast had been too broad to please bis bishop. He lost his euraoy, but not his gown-he had done nothing to forfeit that, so he was the Rev. Felix Starling still. Most of those present had come from the wretohedest dens in the town, to scoff, to Bteal, to do anything but pray ; but somehow the clear tones which rang out in the air over their heads arrested even the wildest, and were beard by aQ. " Let us sing a hymn." And forthwith from a little book, bat scarcely looking at it, he gave out the words Ort in Borrow, oft in woe. Onward Christian!, onward go. And struck up the hymn himself to a stir- ring tune that most of those present knew. It was thoroughly effectuai ; men who seldom opened their months except to ourse, women who had never seen the inside of a ohuroh, children whose only home was the prison or the streets, joined lustily and with a will,-and wondered, maybe, whoso soldiers tbey were called on 40%«, and why it seemed to be so pleasant to be sing- ing in honour of an unknown Somebody who, would be very good to them if tbey only knew t he way to get at him, After the hymn came a simple prayer, under- stood by all, and then a plain, homely discourse about the family of Jairus, and how their daughter was raised from tho dead and given baok to them because they believed. It was all very real to them for the time-Jairus and his household were with them in the flesh, as the preacher talked. Surely that pretty little villa air the edge of the Park, with the blinds down, was the very house of mourning into which the Saviour entered, and Jerusalem was before them with its crowds of dwellings, and its root's and , chimneys illuminated by the declining sun. The story was told with such dramatio power that many eyes filled with eager tears as the preaoher went on ; and when at length the ser- vices were over, Dolly lingered a little while, curious to look at the man who had Bwayed the immense orowd with only a fert words. Sho drew near the place where he had been standing, and as she did so, came upon a young workman sitting upon the grass, with his head upon his bands. It was Lovell Darritt, and with a glad cry she went up to him and touched him upon the shoulder. " When did you come back ?" she asked. 1 " ThiB morning.'.' " What are you doing here ?" '-' I'm waiting to speak to Mr. Starling. May be he can put me in the way of what I want. I must loam, Dolly. I want to stand in a pulpit and do what one man may to help and teadh others. Don't laugh at me,. child. It's almost a madness with me, I know ; bat I shall never rest till I get my way. in'the matter." " I'm not laughing, but-" "But what?" " It will make a gentleman of you, Lovell You won't care for mother and me then." "iBhail never -cease to care for yon, Dolly," said tho iad with strange earnestness-" never while I live, little one ; be sure of that " < Dolly took- the kiss whioh accompanied the . words with due decorum, bat she blushed as she had-never done under Lovell's kisses before. -'"' " Herd's Mr. Starling coming," she said. - " I'll run into the road'and wait for.you, Lovell." Whioh she did, bounding down the slope like.a young antelope, and into the pathway, .and under the feet of a pair of runaway horses, whieh, with a carriage behind them, were whir- ling along at an ungovernable rate. She was conscious for a moment of a sickening blow, in- tense pain, and loud screams, and then all was ¡ blank, and she knew no more. (To be continued.) 