GEEAT BEITAIU. THE VATICAN DECREES. \- . By a circular letter, dated November 22, the clergy of the Eoman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster were requested to read the following notice in the churches :— ' Dear Children in Jesus Christ,— 4(I. On Sunday, the 28fch of August, 1870, the following letter from his Eminence Cardinal AntoneHi was read by our order in all churches of this diocese : — «f ' Rome, August 11, 1870. c* c It has been made known to the Holy See that some among the Faithful, and perhaps even among the Bishops, are of opinion that the -, Apostolic Constitution, which was pubiisnea in the Session of the (Ecumenical Council of the Vatican on the 18th day of the month of July, will not be of obligation until it- has been solemnly published by some further act of the Holy See. How strange such a supposition is, anyone may easily know. ' ? The said constitution had the most solemn publication possible, on the very day on which, in the Vaticun Basilica, it had been solemnly confirmed and promulgated by the Sovereign Pontiff in the presence of more than 500 bishops, for it was oa that day, although there was no such necessity in this case, pub up with the cus tomary formalities in the usual places of Rome, bo that, according to the well-known rule, it was made obligatory for the whole Catholic world without need of any further publication whatsoever. ?? 'I have thought it my duty to communi cate these brief observations to you, in order that they may be your guide in the event of any doubts that may from any quarter be brought before you. ' 'James Cardinal Antonelli.' 'This declaration was made by the Cardinal in answer to the objection of some persons who had thought that the Decrees of the Vatican Council, although they had been solemnly defined and confirmed by the Sove reign Pontiff in the Council itself, might require some further promulgation as a con dition of their bsing regarded as publicly binding upon the whole Church ' II. Events which unhappily are notori ous induce us to make known to the Faith ful, lest any should be misled by the words or example of one or two who still prof ess to be Catholic, that whosoever does not in his ViQor-f T-o/»oix7o n/nrl hfiliftvfi the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception and the doctrine of the Infallibity of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, as they have been defined by the Supreme Authority of the Church, does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic. . 'The Encyclical Inefabilis Deics, by which, on the 8th of December, 1855, the Sovereign Pontiff defined 'that the Most blessed Virgin Mary was, by a similar grace and privilege of Almighty God, and by rea son of the merits of Jesus Christ the Saviour of mankind, preserved in the first moment of her conception free from from all stain of original sin/ contained these words :— ' ' Wherefore, if any persons, whieh God forbid, shall presume to think in their heartB otherwise than we have now defined, let them know that they are condemned by their , own judgment, that they have suffered ship wreck in faith, and have fallen away from the unity of the Church.' ' In like manner, the Constitution of the Vatican Council which defined that 'the Eoman Pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedra —that is, when discharging the offi.ee of Pastor and Teacher of all Christians, he, by virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, defines a doctrine of faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church'— is infallible, ended with these words :— ' 'And if any one, which God forbid, shall presume to contradict this our definition, let him be anathema.' ' III. It has come to our knowledge that ortTno wVin rmpmlv refuse to believe the said doctrines, persist nevertheless m calling themselves Catholics, and give out that they go to Confession and to Holy Communion in the Catholic Church. We therefore hereby warn them that, in so doing, they deceive our clergy by concealing their unbelief, and that in every such Confession and Commu nion they commit a sacrilege, to their own greater condemnation. 'We rejoice to know, dear children m Jesus Christ, that of such men there are few indeed. But, lest their words or their example should seem to be tolerated by the Catholic Church, we make this declaration ; and we make it with an earnest prayer, that the Holy spirit of God, against Whom they are striving may bring them to repentance. 'May the grace of the Holy Ghost abundantly confirm you in His infallible gui ance. ^ ^ henby Edwakd, Archbishop of Westminster. ' November 22.' A pastoral from the Eoman Catholic Bishop of Clifton, was read in all the chapels of the diocese yesterday. It deals entirely with the question raised by Mr. Gladstone as to the capacity of English Eoman Catlio lies to pay full and undivided allegiance to the Queen if they accept the recent Vatican ?? decrees. Answering Mr. Gladstone's Repu- diation of vague and general fortiori ot loyalty, Dr. Clifford insists that Jiomni Catholics have a right, in their proceedings with their fellow-countrymen, to be judged by their actions. ' Nearly half a century has elapsed since the passing of the Catholic Emancipation Act. During that period Catholic peers and Catholic members have sat in Parliament: Catholic Judges and Catholic magistrates have administered Jus tice on the bench ; Catholic barristers have pleaded at the Bar ; Catholic soldiers have fought in the army ; Catholics have served the country in every office of trust. During the whole of that period the public voice of the country has pioclaimed that the Catholics have proved themselves to be loyal. Nobody, then, has the right to put Catholics on their trial and say that they should be considered guilty of a want of loyalty unless they can prove themselves innocent of the charge. We say we are loyal and we claim the right to be be taken at our word.' Mr. Gladstone de manded a demonstration that not even by ny powers asserted for the Pope by the Vatican Council could he claim any right to impair the integrity of Catholic allegiance, or else a declaration that if such a claim be made it would be rejected, even if resting on definitions of Council. But the Vatican had not abolished the Decalogue. The Pope cannot change moral precepts or reverse articles of faith already defined. All human actions are moral actions, but it by no means follows from that they belong to the sphere of spiritual power. It is moral to pay taxes and to administer the law, 'but the Pope has no more power to assess taxes, regulate trade, or interfere with administration of our law courts than he has to sit and deliver judgment in the Court of Queen's bench. When we say that the supreme direction of all that regards morals belongs to the Pope, we no more say that he has the power to make wrong right and right wrong, or that he may ignore or transgress boundaries already fixed between the temporal and the spiritual powers and so interfere with the allegiance of the^Roruan Catholics, than we mean to assert that our lives and liberties are at the mercy of the Sovereign when we say that she reigns supreme over this realm. This is a question which touches the authority of the Pope, not his magisterium. Infallibity regards the latter, not the former, and to say that the Pope is infallible is not to say he is impec cable. It does not follow because the Pope has supreme power, no Pope has ever abused it. ... If the Pope were so to abuse his power as to seek to interfere in that which undoubtedly belongs to the civil authority, Catholics wonld resist it. Every Catholic Bishop in England, in ? the oath he takes at his consecration,^ ac knowledges not only his spiritual obedience to the Pope, but also that his civil allegiance is due to the Queen, and the Pope cannot release the one party from the obligation without the consent of the other. It follows that the Pope has no power to free English Catholics from their allegiance.' Dr. Clif ford's conclusion is that what Eoman Catholics held in the days of Dr. Doyle they hold now — viz., that the Pope has no power to free a Eoman Catholic from his allegiance. Since thfl fimancimtion. the.Por-e has eiven no deci sion calculated to impair Eoman Catholic allegiance, and that, ' said he to Protestants, is your guarantee that we shall act in the same way for the future. Further guarantees than this it is not in the power of Catholics to give, for Protestants do not believe, as Catholics do, that the authority of the Pope is from'.God, and that, therefore, his decision may be better trusted than that of private judgment. If, therefore, Protestants re. fuse the guarantee we offer them, which is the same they offer us, and which is the only one we can offer short of turning Protestants, there is but one course open to them— perse- cution.' Mr. E. Dease, M.P., writes— That Mr. Gladstone should 'really have thought that his 'University Bill' was to do complete justice to the educational needs of Eoman 'Catholic Ireland seems to be more than doubtful, for, if he secretly entertained the views he nows openly avows with regard to the doctrine and teaching of the Catholic Church, he could not have been earnest in his desire 'to establish such a system of higher education as alone we could accept. He insinuates that Eoman Catholics must needs be disloyal subjects of the Queen if they are faithful to the teaching of an infalli ble Church.' Is this opinion, for the first time publicly announced by Mr. Gladstone, the result of the representatives of Irish con stituencies having refused to renounce their ' right of private judgment' in things politi cal, and their having declined to follow as an ' infallible guide' the versatile leader of the Liberal party ? Mr. Lewis, M.P. for the borough of Car low, writing to the ex-premier, says that to call upon Catholics to proclaim their allegi ance is an act of impertinence and of ingrati tude to Irish members, by whose support he was kept in office. That Mr. Gladstone deified rebellion in the person of Garibaldi ; yet, if James Stephens had fallen into his hands, he would have hung him. That he raised no voice against Englishmen going out to fight under an Italian pirate against a sovereign with whom England was at peace; i yet he sanctioned the punishmentof Americans who landed in Ireland to join the Fenians. That he is horrified because the Pope does not approve of a perfectly uncontrolled licence for the press under every circum stance ; yet he has placed the press in his (Mr. Lewis's) country at the absolute mercy of the authorities. 