The Sydney Morning Herald ' FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15,1876. THE present Government and the City Council deserve the thanks of the citizens for the energy and promptitude which they are now showing in the direction of sanitary reform. At a considerable cost they propose to carry a sewer from above the Sugar Works, in Parra matta-street, into the deep water of Darling Harbour, and to continue the sewer which now terminates near Government House, on to the deep water off Fort Macquarie. The plans which are to be immediately carried out have been in the possession of the departments concerned for some time, but hitherto have been kept in abeyance, either for want of means, or want of confidence in their merits. An overflowing Treasury and the sharp monitions of a legal tribunal could not fail to galvanize into temporary activity the most sluggish of Boards, and compel them to do something to meet the universal demands of public opinion. Whether that something is the right thing either as a temporary or permanent expedient, is just the one point which, above all others, requires the fullest investigation and discussion. i To begin with, it must be evident to every- body that the completion of the proposed works will afford immediate relief to the districts affected by them. But, on the other hand, it must be remembered that to carry such works into deep water must require a huge expenditure of time and money, and to j make the plan complete and sufficient it must be extended to every inhabited foreshore in the whole harbour, as well as to the two districts concerned. In that case the expense will be enormous. We understand that the work» required for Blackwattle Swamp alone will j cost, (o be effective, not less, and possibly more, than £10,000. Let this expenditure be incurred for the two cases instanced, and. it will have to be repeated in at least ten other instances; for as this is the readiest method of immediately getting rid of our sewage matter, it is the one which will be generally demanded, and which these prece- dents will help to render inevitable. The problem therefore is, what will be the cost of this system of carrying the sewage of Sydney in its present and its prospective proportions into the deep waters of Port Jackson. Then what will be the final effect of the system ? To judge of the latter point requires no supernatural revelation. The effect can hardly be other than to continue the present pollution of the harbour on a still larger scale, and gradually to shoal up the deep- water channels to an extent which no system of dredging, however ex tensive, will be able to prevent. The ostrich puts its head into the earth and thinks it is not seen. Our sewers are to be taught to imitate this wisdom-to duck their heads under water, and hope that they will not; be noticed. But the accumulations of slime and filth below wili be perpetually .sending to the surface their foul scum and fetid gases, and will be washed back to the foreshores with every tide, and still remain a source of disease and death. In short, if the plan now proposed is to be accepted as a final settlement of the question, or even a settle ment for the present generation, shall we not convert the whole harbour into a vast Black- wattle Swamp, from which ships of trade will flee as our ships of war are doing; and instead of being one of the healthiest-as it might easily be made - will not Sydney become one of the most pestilent cities in the world? Is it worth expending hundreds of .thousands .of pounds for such a result; and would it not be well to look before we leap? There have been schemes adopted in England by which the sewage was filtered through brushwood, and the solid parts detained and dried, leaving only the partially clarified liquid to pass off, and this plan might possibly be. available to some extent in Sydney, and partly mitigate the evil. In any case lo send the sewage to the sea >f. a waste. " In the economy of nature, tho ultimate destination of the sewage is the land, and any plan short of that is an iidmission of our incompotoncy fully to solve (lie problem. In Franco, after spending millions in carry- ing her sewage matter into the Seine, the city Ol' Paris is now seeking at once to purify that river and utilize her sewage on an irrigation fal ni. SeA'eral English cities are making Similar experiments, and some of them have or several years been able by this plan to turn (heir sewage into a 'source of profit instead of on extensive generator of pestilence, We hope something better from the ultimato labours of our Sanitary Commission than an extension of our present plan of poisoning the harbour, to the waste of valuable manure, ¿ne of the most intelligent and competent d'ommissions that ever dealt Avith this ques- tion recommended a system of irrigation iii preference to every other plan, because, " by £ pplication to a pormeablo soil, the sewage I ecomes not only inoffensive, but productive end fertilizing." We must not abandon the i lea of applying this system to Sydney until i .s impracticability in our case is clearly i: emonstrated. ' i i^)'"'"' """ "."."= OUUJIA,«, mm annual IU «-pparably connected -with, it ' on sanitary «Aounds, is the consideration of the use which cAight lo he made of our foreshores. Lot any tin o look at the configuration of Port Jackson a|nd he -will see that at the head of most of our hays there is a greater or less area eif level ground, surrounded by slopes either -wooded or already built upon. Every one of these areas ought to lie resumed by the Government, 'as a pjublic recreation ground. To permit the flats eil Woolloomooloo Bay to be built upon as they liave been, was pne of the greatest mistakes ejver made in the administration of the affairs oï this colony. Had it not been for the merest .abcident of the times, as for instance the passion for horse-racing among the rich, and tlie desire for cow-keeping as a guarantee for pjme milk among the poor, the iJomain, Hyde ijaik, and Sydney Common would probably hnve been secured as private property, and moie or less covered with buildings at the piesent time. No such accidents can occur for the future, for the available sites have airead}* been given away or sold out of the public estate for the most Milling consideration. Nobody can be sur pii&ed; at this, nor even make it a just ground of complaint, because in the earlier years of the colony the most sanguine imagination never dreamt that a great city and a mighty empire were destined to rise in Australia. 13ut the most sceptical cannot help acknow- ledging accomplished facts, and now that Sydney has become one of the foremost cities under the British Crown, with natural facili- ties for malring her perhaps the richest and most,beautiful in the whole Empire, we ought to spare no necessary expense for placing her in a' position worthy of her natural advantages ona of her possible future. With the spirit of intercolonial jealousy and of petty local brag- gadocio we have not the slightest sympathy. Let every place make the best of all its local advantages, and the gain of each will be the gain of the whole. But a generous ambition is] one of the first and most essential condi- tions for the growth of the spirit of enterprise, and in this respect we cannot help the conviction that our ambition is far below our opportunities. It is related of the great Roman conqueror, JULIUS CÍDSAB, I that the boat on which he had once embarked was in considerable peril. Consternation seized upon all the passengers except tho future dictator of the world, who stood erect amid the surging waves and said, " What hast thou to fear?-thou carriest CAISAH and his 'des-* ,tinies.'' For any singlo man to assume a tone' like that might be presumptiou, but it would be an incalculable benefit to tb.e colony if, on her behalf, our public- mon would dare to I attempt great things in tho confident belief I that her greatness will surpass their highest i anticipations. ,TIIK correspondence on the strength of Aus- tralian wines, which we published a few days 'ago, is supplementary to and confirmatory of I tho information copied by us from the Mel- bourne Argus in Juno last. Samples of grape jmust, collected from vineyards in the Albury ¡district, had been placed in the hands of Mr. LDMSDAINE and Mr. MOODY, the Chief Inspec- tors of Distilleries for the . respective colonies [of Kew South Wales and Victoria. These ¡samples had been distilled by those gentle- men, acting separately;- but with the same object in view. Iii Juno last we gave the icsults of Mr. MOODY'S experiments ; and now they ate republished, together with those arrived at by Mr. LUMSDAINK. The inquiry ¡was instituted al tho suggestion of Mr. FALLON, the well-known, winegrower of 'Albury ; and its purpose was to furnish the [Imperial Government with official and trust lAvoithy information that might lead to an ¡alteration of tho .British, wine duties in a direction supposed to bo favourable to Aus- tralian inlerosts. The English tariff admits ¡wines containing less than 20 degrees of proof sphilat Is. per gallon, but charges 2s. Gd. per gallon upon wines containing 20 degrees and inoio until the strength of 42 degrees is 'reached, when an additional duty of 3d. pel gallon is charged for every additional degree of spirit. As a matter of fact some of the Australian wines that are exported to England show, when tested on arrival, a strength of more than 20 'elegí ces, and they have of course to ipay the half-crown duty. A duty of half-a-crown per gallon added to the cost of impoitation from Australia is not a condition favouiablo to the development of the trade in Australian wines in England; anti it is not unnatural, therefore, that many persons inte- rested in the trade should desire a change that would allow our wines to enter on easier tenus. Hence the agitation that has been cm ried on for a considerable time past to induce the Imperial Government to raise the maximum standard of st length of Avinés admitted at the bhilling duty from 2G degrees to 28 or 30. Such a change would allow our stronger Avinés to be sold in England at a price re- duced by Is. Od per gallon. The standard of 20 degrees Avas not fixed hy the English GoA'emment haphazard. The choice of it was the result of a careful and extended inquiry in the principal wine pi oducing countries of the Avorld. The inquiry pointed to the conclusion - or, as borne haA'e thought, established it-that 20 pet- cent, of proof spirit is the highest strength naturally developed in grape wines, and that Aviues showing a higher iioicentago have been fortified by the addition ol' spirit at some stage of their manufacture. 'Jims, under tho English tariff, one shilling per gallon is understood to be the duty on natural wines, Avhilst Avinés that have been artificially slicngthened bear higher rates, AA'hich, Avhen the stiength exceeds 42 per cent., increase as the strength increases. In principle, the basis of tlie duty is not the wine itself, but the spiiit that is in it. Unmixed spirit pays a higher duty than Avine ; and the duties on Avinés aie graduated according to the per- centage of spirit for Avhich the Avinés serve as a vellido. The application of a like prin- ciple i« the case of unrefined sugars Avas ex- plained and illustrated by Mr. GLADSTONE in one of those lucid financial statements Avith which he used to engross the attention of the House of Commons AA'hen he Avas Chan- cellor of the Exchequer. AVhilst the duty on i refined sugar Avas 0s. per owt., there Avas a descending scale of os. 8d., 5s. 3d., 4s. 0d,, and 4s., as the mass of raAv material imported contained less and less per cent, of extractable sugar. The djuty Avas leA'ied not ripon the bulk of the 'raAV material, but rather upon the proportion Avhich it contained of an article Avhich in its unmixed condition bore a still higher rate of duty. In the case of Avine, a substance might be imported as Avine though it con- sisted less 'of Avine than ol' spirit; but tlie graduated scale of duties puts a cheek upon such a system of defrauding tlie revenue. The point, hoAvever, ' to be noticed is that in carrying out this principle the loAvost rate of duty is charged upon Avinés tíi at contain only, naturally-developed spirit ; and tlie maximum strength of such Avinés is asf- umed to be 20 per cent, of proof spirit. [l j This being so, it was the interest of those Avlio wished to get Australian wines admitted at tlie shilling duty to show that, though they did in many instances ekceetl the 20 per cent, standard, they Mjeie, neA'ertlieless, natural and unfortified. 'lib o presumption Avas tbat the Imperial (government attached no special importance to the 20 per cent, standard, and only sought to giA'e encouragement to the consumption of njitural wines by admitting them, as natural, a}, the loAvest rate of duty. Some thought that the Imperial GoA'emment ought to admit .^u&halian; AA'ines at lower duties, because they Aveie the produce of British colonies ; but that idea', being contrary to the drift oi Imperial policy, was shown to be untenable, and Avas abandoned. But it Avas not contrary to Imperial policy-it Avas, indeeel, a part of ii-it» tiuLum Bpe.e,iiuij iii vu mu, uie leimt; nj nptuial vines, v»hencesoever they might be irçipoitcd ; and on that ground, therefore, it v«*tis quite open to the advocates of Austra- lian interest*, to ask that the 2G per cent, fetand^id might be altered, in order that Aubtialian wines, which weie natural, though they exceeded it, might bp admitted at the Iqwest late of duty. i This claim has been met by something like an appeal to the 20 per cent, standard as infallible. The answer has been in effect this-" If your wines contain more than 2G per cent, of proof spirit, that fact alone shows that they must havd been fortified." The rejoinder is now before us. Mr. LuMSDAraB and Mr. MOODY, both competent Government ofliceis, and disinterested men, both operating upon the same samples of Australian must, but acting independently of each other, have shown that the 2G iper cent, stondaid is considerably below the strength of our natural fintages in one of our most important Wine- growing districts. Ten samples treated by Mr. LUMSDAINK ranged in strength from 28 to 32-4 per cent., whilst Mr. MOODY'S re- port upon eleven samples shows n strength ranging from 29-2 to 34-1 per cent. The (hypothesis upon which the English standard was foundod is, as Mr. ' LUMSDAINK says, certainly not supported by these experimenta. So far all is tolerably clear ; but it is not so clear that the interests of Australian wine- growers generally would be' promotod by the proposed change of standard. If the'chang» wore mado, it would not be made as a conces- sion to Australians only. Winogoworsallovor the world, and manufacturers of wine whose workshops or breweries, or whatevor etae wa' may call thom", are much nearer to England than Australia is, would avail themselves of it. 'If the standard were fixed at 30 per cent, not only would the stronger Avinés of Aus- tralia enter at the shilling duty, hut tho market would be liable to be flooded at tilt« same easy rate with those chemical compounds which, under the name of wine \ but with but little more than a trace of vfine in their composition, are , poured forth, from, tho factories of Hamburgh and Cette. And it is to be remembered that, although tho special favour accorded to light wines under the graduated tariff has done much 'to [promote their consumption in England Itho public taste there has been long trained to a preference for wines of greater strength and more spirituous flavour. To cheapen the popular ports and sherries by eighteenpence a gallon is hardly the way, itinder such circumstances, to undermine their popularity, or to increase the chances whick (Australian wines may have of competing with, ¡them successfully in the English market. The 'lighter wines of Australia-those of the Hunter and Paterson, for instance-which do not generally , exceed the 20 por cent., compote in England on equal tenus, so far as duty is concerned, .with the light wines of the continent of Europe ; and it need hartlly bo said that it ia only by dint of patience, perseverance, and the exorcise of the greatest care,'that the best of those vintages are gradually gaining their way into notice amongst limited classes of consumers in England. Would our stronger wines have a better prospect in competing at equal rates of duty with the stronger wines of Europe, and the spirituous compounds that have gained a hold upon the popular palate f ¡We do not undertake to answer the question ; but it is worthy of consideration by those who aie primarily interested. SUPIUÎMK COURT.-Business, This Day. Master's Ofllco, at 10.30 a.m. : Dibbs v. Brown, to scttlo liond. DISTRICT COURT.-Friday, 15th Octobor. ('a. Sa. Motions: Croft v. Langcnborg, Murphy v. Lcvoy, Fischer v. Hayes, Daly v. IColly, Dignam v. Pouldea, Unmet v. GroWllo. Rchoarings : Gregg v. Pickford, Alhtiry v. Nelson. Interpleader : Brown y. the Illawarra S. N. Company, Gordon claimant. Causes : Hook v. lim ris (pail heard), Green v. Murphy and others, Moodio «-. Salisbury, Hovenden and another v. Thornton. , THE MAIL VIA SAN FRANCISCO.-The Austra- lasian Steam Navigation Company have îocoived a telegram luting that the R. M. S. City of Melbourne loft San Fran ".ino for Sydney, via Honolulu and Auokland, on tho 11th nstant. , PROPOSED BRIDGE AT THE RAILWAY TIIR uiMij.-A deputation, consisting of Mr. John Davie», ,\I. L. A., Alderman Mazo, Mr. Williamson, Mayor of Rcd 'eni, Alderman Hudson (ltedforn), and Mr. Wright '?AViight, Heaton and Co.), hadan interviow with tho Hon. tohn Lackey, on Thursday, with the view of brincias miller his notice the desirableness of constructing a bndgo ¡or foot passengers, from Regent-street, near its junction Mill Terminus-street, to tho passenger station. Thcde iiuation represented to tho Minister that about 30,008 «eisons wero living in the neighbourhood of Chippendale, iVuterloo, and Redfern, and that the bridgo would bo a iinit convenience to people living in thoso parts, who had Iccnsion to travel by railway. At present they had to g» onie distance down Regent-street, and round by Goorgo bought that thero would bo no difficulty in constructing lu« bridge in such a way as to prevent it interfering with .iie railway traffic. Tho Minister promised to givo the nr.ittor his" earliest attention, and admitted the great con wnirrirp which such a bridgo would be to tho public. Ho tilled that he would, in company with tho Engincor-in t]hief, visit tho locality. The deputation urged upon the Minister tho desirableness of opening Cloveland -tirct as far as tho Newtown Road. The Minister pro .ilised to give his attention to that matter also, j PAYMENT OF CITY AND WATER KATES. For some years past the Municipal authorities have been in ino habit of serving upon ratepayers not only tho usual rato .l61 iocs, but afterwards reminder notices to such of tho rato oí \ers as had neglected to pay up, cautioning them thit .IÚ-IICSB warrants would bo issued unless tho rates wero paid «ilhin a specified time. Somo timo ago the Council, with a \ icw to curtaii expenses, resolved upon not issuing any iii Iher reminders. Tho resolution is now taking offect. It »rill be well, therefore, for defaulters not to wait in the . xpectntion of receiving a reminder, or probably they will lind themselves served with a distress wanant instead. THE NEW ZEALAND CABLE.-The ship Edin- burgh, with about half of the cable to be laid between this colony and New Zealand, sailed from London for Sydney on Saturday, and the remaining half will leave by another vessel before the close of the present month. Mr. Burns, the Postmaster-General, and Mr. Cracknell, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, yesterday visited Botany, where the cable is to be connected with New South Wales, and selected a site|for the offices which will be required for the cable business. The site fixed upon is a short distance from the Customs station, and La Perouse's Monument, and commands a fine view of the entrance to the bay. The telegraph line is also to be extended from Sydney to Botany, and it is probable it will be constructed alongside the Bunnerong Road from the intersection of the present line with the Randwick Road, near the toll- bar. AQUATICS.-The coming Balmain regatta s, causing considerable" stir amongst rowing men. Tho mtiigger raco for all comers will bring about another meot ng between Laycock and Trickett, both of whom aro doing lund work. Tho veteran Green is also in training and doe* i d.iily pull against the North Shore steamers. Tho Sydney Rowing Club have deoided not to send a representativo i row, but we understand that tho senior outrigger crew, «hu were defeated last club regatta, will endeavour to ra- vel -e the vordict on tho 9th. The Mercantile Rowing Club «ill bond the samo crow that wero victorious ihen, and two crows for the junior doublo sculls. Thoy havo -liso got a very fair junior four crow for the raco opon to uiiinbois of either club. Somo difficulty scorns to have irisen about what constitutes a junior rowor, as somo who iiéintly figuiod undor the designation had pioviously won a ¡lace. The recent íegatta of tho combined clubs has not (insi»ccl over as pleasantly as might bo, and unloss some- thing be- done in the shapo of apology or otherwise, it is not mijirobablo that tho clubs will not meet again except at ii-tiitias. A most unqualified and unmerited attack has li(¡e-n made upon the gentleman who recently acted as umpiie. If to fill that capacity is to open a door for eve ry defeated competitor to insult the official, then, wo uppr'ehend, that fow will caro to nccopt office Tlio Prince Alfred Yacht Club have decided to hold their opening trip un Ike Saturday before tho Balmain Regatta, when Vieo C'óinmodoro AVant will for the first timo tako chargo of tlio -qundron. The owners of tho fishing boats aro thoroughly dissatisfied with the course appointed for them ; and they hold a meeting this weok which was largely attended, and the owners of no less than eight of the best controboards have sent a written request to tho committee to aller the e-ouise as tho present ono is moro suitable for skills. If this is'not done, it is likely that tho owners referred to will decline to start. 'THE BALMAIN EEGATTA.-Tlie final entries . for tho yacht raco at Balmain have been made, and tho following handicap deoided upon. Tho Magic at scratch, allowing twenty minutes to tho Peri, tliiriy to the Ella, loity to tho lone, foity-fivo to tho Eva, and forty-fivo minutes to tho Iris. It will bo seen that six boats lwvo entered, but thore is still one which the public no doubt would hnvc liked to havo seen in the contest, and that is the Port.1 Sinco she has changed hapds a very marked difference has been pcrccptiblo in her soiling qualities, and with a good timo allowance she would have stood a fair chanco of one at least of the three prizes offered. Mr. S. Gardiner has gi von a challenge cup to bo raced for by the gigs. The cup ii vulued it sixty guineas, but the Regatta Conuuittco purpose supple- menting this by tho addition of ono hundred guineas, provided one or more of the other colonios is repi esonted. It liaB, however, been arranged that, to becomo tho final possessor of tho trophy, it will havo to bo won threo (¡moa consecutively, and each' time at a Balmain regatta, so that it may he raced for for years before it ultimately can bo claimed by any crew. TUE ANTICBITIC.-Our German friends have just started, at liegnitz, a periodical of a wholly novel character. It is called The Anticritic {Der Antikritiktr) and its object is to give authors an opportunity of answering: adverso reviews and of criticising their critics. Herr Hon- ring, the editor, will publish all communications which ar» p.iid for, those only oKccpted which might inrolvo him in * suit for libolj and he looks forward to a healthy result t» literature from this new experiment, "since tho vital air of lill intellectual activity is freedom, and nothing but froa dom."-Academy. TOBT CARDS.-A correspondent writes :-¡ "Is there any reason why post cards should bo stampod underneath upon tho writing, and not on tho upper or uddicsB sido ? I havo received somo, tho willing of which wa« rendered difficult toread by tho stamps of diiforont offices being impressed upon it. Thero seems to mo abun- dance of room for theso stamps on the address sido of tho ? card- if card that can bo called which is only a ilimsy pieco of not very thick paper." COMl'MMENTARY HANQUHT TO THE REV. Dr. Quirk.-A highly successful complimentary banquot was friven yesterday ovening, at bl. Mary's College; lyndhurst, by way of welcomoto tho Rev. Dr. Quir^.on, Hie occasion of his lctuin from a visit to Europe. Between sixty and seventy gentlemen sat down to tho repast, which waR provided by M. Compagnoni, in his best stylo. Mr. AV. V. Curtis occupied tho chair, and tho yico-cbuirs wore, abíy ' filled by Mr. J. AVilliamson and Mr. J. Mullins. Among tlioso present wero the Roys. Dean M'Carthy, Dr. Colletli, Fathors SI. AValsh, Callachor, D. P. Quirk, Prior M. J. Dwyer, Messrs. L. leary J G. O'Connor, M. Mahoney, T. O'Neill, P. Flaniighon, B. A. Freohill, F. M'Carthy, M. M. O'C. Blake M. A. ,1. M'Loughlin, J. M'Cormnok,, Dr., Patter- ¡ . son'and others. Apologies woro mado for the 'unavoidable1 nbsonco of Archbishop Vaughan, Dr. Badham, the Hon.1 AV. B. Dalley, Bov. Father Gillett, and Mr. Ellis. After the dinner hod been satisfactorily discussed, tho health of j "tho two Archbishops" was proposed by tho chair- man, and drunk with much enthusiasm. Tho; toast was responded to by tho Rev. Father Colletti und| Dean M'Carthy. Tho next toast, proposed by tho chair-; man, was "Tho health of Dr. Quirk," tho guest of tho' ovening. Ho remorkod that ho had had moro opportunities of knowing Dr. Quirk than most of thoso prosont, andi know lhat his chnractor would command tho rospoct of every right-thinking person. Ho traced tho career of Dr. | Quirk from tho timo ho was n studont, through all tho, honours ho had attained, until ho bocanio Hie head of that institution. Tho largo assemblage present) «as a proof of tho estimation in which Dr. Quirk was hold, ¡ and ho called upon them to join heartily in drinking that ' gentleman's health. The toast was drunk with great . applause. Dr. Quiik, who was evidontly much affected by, Iho way in which ho had been received, exprossed his1 inabiiily to adequately íeturn thanks for tho honour they iuiddsnohim. it was not often in ono's lifetime that one was surrounded by so many friends as ho saw assembled thoro . -many of whom had known bim since ho was a boy. Ho did not know how to express his thanks for the honour they had dono him, which ho had never expected, but which he acceptai as a demonstration of their affection for him. AVliatevor little credit might attach to him for tho sharo ho had had in the education of somo who woro present, ho was «eli satisfied with the kind and affectionate regard thoy had always exhibited towards him. AVhotever his faults wero, hu had always tried to do his duty ; ho might not always havo shown the best example, but ho had always tried to bo strictly just. Ho reminded tho young men present that thero was a great career before them in Australia ; tho moro ho had seen of tho world, tho moro ho thought of Australia. Now that his career with Lyndhurst was terminated, ho could say conscientiously that tho education at Lyndhurst was quite equal to that given at any oilier seminary in tho world, as far as mero learning was concerned. Tho institution had now been in oxistenco for about a quarter of a century, and it had had to contend with a great deal both from within and from without, and it had been tho subject of inuoh misrepresentation. But that timo bad passed, and tho men educated thoro would bear comparison with a pro- portionate number from any similar institution in the woild. Ho concluded by proposing " Tho Lyndhurst Union." Mr. J. Williamson responded for tho Union, and proposed tho health of " The Prior of Lyndhurst." Father John Dwyer returned thanks. " Tho Chairman," arid " The Press," wero also proposed and responded to, and the pro- ceedings then terminated. ENGINEERING ASSOCIATION OF NEW SOUTH WALES.-There was hold last night at tho Mechanics' School of Arts a special gcnoral meeting of tho Engineer- ing Association fot the election of ollicor-bearers. The chair was occupied by Mr. Cruickshank, tho president of tho society. Tho minutes oi the previous mooting woro read and confirmed ; and eight new members woro olected. The chairman, in reference to Mr. Selfe's paper, which had boon read at Iho last meeting on successful steam iaunohes, said (hat ho did not think that it would be a bad plan fur Mr. Sclfo to supplement that paper by an account of the aítera tions and repairs which had taken placo in regard to tho steamship Egmont. The follo<,ving ollice-bearors wore elected : President, Mr. W. Cruickshank; vice- president, Mr. George Davidson ; secrotary, Mr. AV. Scott ; treasurer, Mr. H. Howe ; committee, Messrs. AV. Scott ; H. Davies, P. Hunter, F. Davy, N. Selfe, and J. Cobb. Several of tho gentlemen elected returned thanks for the honours conferred on thom. A sum of live guineas was voted to Mr. Scott as a small recogni- tion of liis services during the past year, as secretary'to the association. Mr. R. Mann was olected librarian, and Hie meeting was brought lo ii close MANLY BEACH CONGREGATIONAL' CHURCH. A largo audience gathered together last night, in tho above church, on Iho occasion of a concert, tendored by tho choirs of the Pitt-street Congregational Church and Sunday school, in aid of tho library fund of tho Monly Beach Suuday-schoel. The chair was occupied by Iho Itov. Mr. Lloyd, tho minister of tho church. The programme, which was divided into two parts, sacred and secular,' contained a considerable number of well-selected pieces of yocal musio which woro very effectively rendered. Mr. C. Partridge actod as con- ductor ; whilo Miss Humphreys tondorod hor services as accompanist. A cordial voto of thanks Hrós tendored to tho ladies and gentlemen forming tho choir (which was a largo ono) on tho motion of Mr. Fox, the superintendent of tho Sabbath School. Tho singers, and with thom tho others who had taken the trip, enjoyed the pleasure of a ttturn to Sydney by thu liicht of tho moon. CHURCH SOCIETY.-A public meeting Avas held in St. Jude's school-room, Randwick, yesterday ovon ing, for tho purposo of forming an auxiliary branch asso- ciation to tho Church Socioty. About fifty persons wore prescnl. The Bishop of Sydnoy presided, and tho meeting M as addressed by tho Dean of Sydney, Mr. T. Robertson, Rovb. T. AViIsou, AV. Mort, and J. N. Manning. A reso- lution waa passed to form an auxiliary association, and a committee was appointed, as follows, to cal ry that resolu- tion into. effect :-Rev. T. AVilson, Mrs. Barker, Mrs. Mowle-, and Mr*. C. Moon. Tho meeting then terminated. SNAKIC KILLING.- During the past Aveck (says tho Goulburn Tinny Post) a lad of about 10 years of age, named Arthur Gooloy, son of Patrick Gooloy, who lues a short distance from Goulburn, has oxhibited great courage foi a boy of such tender years. Five or BÍX days ago the lad was coining into town on business for his father when ho espied a largo snako; and, being particularly careful not to lose sight of tho roptile, ho procured a stick and quickly dispatched it. Boforo, howovor, the lad had completed his jounioy, he again found'the stick to be ol' bernice to him, having como across another snake, which ho served with tlio samo sauce. "A couplo of days ago the sumo lad again had occasion to come into town ; and, on tho road he once moro found a stick very useful to him, for, having come across a couplo of snakes, ho quickly put thom out of the way of doing any mischiof. Tho wholo of the reptiles are said to havo been over fivo foot in length and of tho brown species. This boy has thus shown great pre- sence of mind, and his examplo of carrying a stick with him and keeping a sharp look out for theso poisonous brutes should bo followed by all who aro in tho habit of travelling through the bush during tho summer months. MRS. GOODENOUGH.-The following letter of thanks has been forwarded by Mrs. Goodenough to tho Ko. 1 Melbourne Lodgo of Good Templars, in reply to the letter of condolenco forwarded to her by that socioty : "169, Macquarie- Btreet, Sydney, Septomber 22,'1875, Gentlemen, I beg to thank, you sincerely for the kind expression of tho sympathy of tho Molbourno Lodgo of Good Templars in my verv groat sorrow, as convoyed to mo in your letterof tho 10th instant. . It cannot be other- wise than soqthing to mo to seo how niy dear husband was appreciated in these eolonies, and to receive such sincoro sj munthy as is expressed in your lottor. His noblo life «us, indeed, a fit prelude, to his happy death, which again was but tlio entrance to a still happier lifo. - I bog to thank jou again for your kind .letter, and remain, gentlemen, j ours faithfully, VieioiiiA II. GOODENOUGH.'. £). Robert- son, AV. AV. Ferguson, Esqs." A Good Templar Lodgo, the Pearl of Peace, is established- upon H.M.S. Pearl, and the members wero entertained at tho Temperance Hall, last evening, hy tho No. 1 Molbourno Lodgo of the Order. CLAHKNCH RIVER COAL.-Last week (says (ho C. and Jl. Examiner) the steamer Ramornie brought to Grafton two tons of coal fioin a seam now boing worked near Smith's Flat, and "black diamonds" being rather scarce at tho time, they wero soon purchased by a local firm and turned into smoke. Looking at the scarcity of coal in tho local market at times, it is to bo,hoped that tho known Avork ablo seam« of this mineral on tho Upper Cjarcnco will soon bo properl) tested and developed, to tho great benoflt of housekeepers, and trade and commerce in particular. THE LATE MR. E. J. H. KNAPP, SEN.— We learn from the 'Braidwood Dispatch that Mr. Knapp, the Father of the local District Surveyor, expired at his residence, Braidwood, on the 12th instant. The deceased gentleman, although he had only resided here some five or six years one of the earliest pioneers in this part of the colony, having been here so far back as 1827, engaged in surveying what was then almost a terra incognita, from whence he proceeded through Araluen down to tho coast and marked out several of the original grants there. It is rather a remarkable coincidence that he should have come back at the close of life, after so long an interval, to end his days in the district, in which he commenced his professional career as a youth. He was greatly esteemed for his kind, genial manner, and he was very dear to every member of his family. BAD WATER..-It is stated bv the Auck- land Southern Crots that Mr. Pratt, of* Gisborne, Now Zealand, together willi his wifo and children, had a very narrow escape of being poisoned by drinking water out of a J10* tank, which bud beeomo impregnated with the whito lead used for fillins; up the ¡ntoisticos whero the sheets aro joined logother. Tho symptoms resulted in violent retching Jorjuunf-hours, and consequent prostration. Prussio acid was used as an antidote, and by last accounts Mr. Pratt «nd family were recovi ring satisfactorily. This should act «« a cantion-lo peopla using now tanks. I ', |CHIID DESERTION.-Apparently a heartless ,caso of child desertion has boon proved against a young woman named Burns. If tho ovidonco given in tho Col- lingwood Polico Court bo reliable-and tlicro is no reason to doubt it (says tho Melbourno Spectator)-tho prisoner, after vainly attempting to get somo ono lo nur.so hor infant -alwit five months old- deliberately loft it in Studloy Park, soveral hundred yards from tho nearest houso. Of courae tho child would not have long survived had not a man going curly to his work heard tho poor little creature's cries, and handed it over lo the police. It is so soldom thal a conviction can bo obtained for this offence, that when it con bo bl ought homo to tho guilty person a bovei o penally should bo meted out. AVe are accustomed lo reflect on tho morality of tho Chinese, among whom infani life Booms to bo lightly valued; bul in this colony occuiiencos liko that referred to aro so common, that wo nie scarcely justified in throwing stones at tho pcoplo of that Umpire. In fact, the struggle for existence in China is so much moro keen than among us, that infanticide, though always revolting, is, if possible, a less crime than here. And there ia this furthor¡ pica to bo urged in favour of tho Chinoso, ithat whereas' their religion and customs toleiato a cruel and wicked act, i oui s condemn it. 1 CURIOUS SNAKE ADVENTURE.-The Cobbora! correspondent of tho'Mudgee Times adds another to tho maiiy ! snake adventures which wo havo published lately^ t AVhile| a Mrs. Sutherland, Iho wifo of a man employed m 'repair-, ing tho approaches to Cobbora Bridgo, was walking for her husband's horses, and when about 200 yards or moro from I homo, sh'o neared a ferocious bullock. AAMth a viow to' frighten it out of hor path, sho stopped to, pick up a stick j \- as sho thought-and caught hold of a blaoic snake, which fnctcnril nu tim omi nf flin «mull flnn-nr nu tim loft hand. AVith difficulty she shook tho rontilo off, and immediately she took fioni her pocket, a pair of scissors,-ripped tho finger open, and?toio a piece of a small chamois leathor bag,| and tied it behind Iho second joint of tho finger, Avhich blodf freely. She huiricd baok to hor tent, gavo her husband] the particulars, and ho quickly waa off for aid. Mr. Jonos, j blacksmith, at once visited her with ammonia, ond admin-j ¡stored it, which, with brandy, and proper attention, , caused jher to rally. Her hand is still muck swollen audi tho linger soro. ' j FALSK IMPRISONMENT.-On the 15th March,! 1872 (says tho Molbourno Telegraph), a porson named I Halligan v as found guilty of robbery undor arms on the i Melbourne and Sydney Road, and sentenced to seven years' j haid labour. Ho was sworn to most diBtinotly by the pro- secutor, a hawker, named Marsden, Avho statod that the j prisoner stopped him, presented two pistols at him, and i lobbed him of 3s. Gd. end some tobacco. Somo time after the conviction tho prisoner communicated with the Govor- ' nor and assorted his innocence of tho crimo imputed to bim, ' ut tho sanio timo furnishing sufficient reasons to induce the Crown law officers, to whom tho mailor was referred, to in -tituto inquiries, which wero duly made, but did not tond in any w ay to confirm tho statements mado by tho prisonor. Subsequently it was mado to appear to the police that it was possible that this was a case of mistakon identity, and that the real highwayman was a convict undergoing a sontonco for a robbeiy committed about tho samo time on tho Beech- worth Road, who answered tho description of tho_ offondor moro closely than tho prisonor Halligan did. Tho polico wero taken by him to a placo Avhoro pistols and n swag wero found in the vicinity of the robbory ; and, though ho declined lo assert that tho olïonco had been committed by himself, ho declared most positivoly that Halligan was not the man. Upon those facts boing mado known to tho Government, it was felt that thoy had no other courso open but to release Halligan, aflor Iris having undorgono a torm of imprisonment of throo years. SUICIDE.-The Argus says thal on Saturday morning an ox-police constablo, named Richard Nowbory I AVardle, destroyed himself at Emerald-hill. Tho deceased had been about l8 or 20 years in tho forco, but a few years ago retired, and oponed a public-house. Ho used to drink in bouts, but left off drinking for somo time past, till about a fortnight ago, when ho indulged to such an extent that he lind an attack of delirium tremens last Thursday, when ho stopped drinking. Ho eould not bo stopped sooner, and after the attack ho took no food. On Friday night ho did not sleep, and at about 8 o'clock on Saturday morning ho called ono of his daughters up, and told her ho had taken something from a little black bottlo on tho tablo noar tlio bed. Ho was an amatour photographor, and kopt a quan- tity of drugs used for photographing, including cyanido of Eotassium (containing prussio acid), whick was in the little lack bottlo referred to. His Avifo was called up, and on AVardle tolling her that ho had taken poison, sho sent for Mr. Iflla, surgeon, who found him dying. AVardle died in a few minutes, in spito of remedies applied by Mr. lilla. Tho deceased was frequently insano from drinking, and when recovering from a bout often said ho would commit suicide. On Saturday morning ho seemed out of his mind. At an inquest hold during tho day by Dr. Youl, ovidonco was givonjto tlio above effeot, and Mr. lilla, who had mado a post mortem examination, deposed that the causo of doath was poisoning with cyanido of potassium. Tho jury found that the deceased had poisoned himself while of unsound mind. AVardle was 60 years old, and has loft a widow and five children. NATIONAL BANK SUED POR DAMAGES BY A MAXAOEII.-The Taranaki Herald reports that a rothor important action has been tried in Dunedin. Mr. AVilliam Christie, manager-of tho National Bank at Oamaru, sued tho Bank for £2(10 damages for wrongful dismissal. Mr. Christie, it seeniB, proposed to leavo iuo STotionoi Doak t» join tlio Colonial Bank, and ho went to Dunedin to soo Mr. Bridges, the general manager, to give iin MB resignation. Mr. Bridges was ill, só Mr. Christie 'wrote his resignation and returned to Oamaru, Avhere a day or two afterwards he rocoived intimation that his resignation was not accopted, but that he was dismissed from his position for absenting himsolf from his duties during tho throe days occupied in his visit to Dunedin. It was not alleged that tho business of tho Bank at Oamaru in any way suffered by Mr. Christie's absence, and evidence was given to show that ho and other country managers woroin>tho habit of leaving for a fow days when thoy required to viBit town, without ob- taining formal leavo from tho Inspector or Gonoral Manager. On the other hand, tho Dunedin managers of the other two Banks were called to provo that their oóuntry managors weio not in tho habit of doing this. Tho juryigavo -plain- tiff ii verdict for £100. and costs., The solicitor for tho Bank gave notice of appeal on tho ground of misdireotion by Judge Bathgate. A PRECOCIOUS PAIR.-In the Wostem Exa mtiu>'\ report of polico intelligence is' givon an account of a caso, tho circumstances connected with which ure, happily for society, of a somewhat novel and striking nature. Tho parties interested, were a young girl about fifteen summers, and a youth apparent!} .end reputedly not seventeen years of age. Tho gill Mied her companion in trouble, for leaving her without sufficient means of support tho creature of thoir mutual indiscretion-in the shapo of a healthy infant, aged about two months-whilst the father was brought up in custody under warrant, having neglected to obey a sum- mon!: of the court, issued for his attendance at a previous eittina-, Mr. McLachlan, who appeared for the com- plainant, applied for a remand for a bhort period, in ordor that the dofendant,Avho had signified his willingness to con- tribute townrds the support of the child, might be onabled in the meantime to obtain employment. His AVorship tho Police Magistrate concurred in Mr. McLachlan's view, and granted a remand till Tuesday next. It is to bo hoped, for the infant's sake, that the youthful siro may succeoi in pro- curing woik, or elsothatho will condono for tho injury dono by marrying the mother, who Avishes for that reparation, i The appearance in tlio court of these "children of the sun" created f ealings of surprise and pity in tho minds of all pre- sent-one looking as though sho luid just ontorcd hor toons, und Hie olher a beardless boy. Tho predicament of tho pre ' eocious twain bhould prove a warning to others. ¡ " JOHN'S " DISLIKE TO GRATE-DIGGING. ? Mr. James M'Henloy, Anglo-Chinese, linguist, Avriting to I the Cooktown Courier, gives the following reasons for the j reluctance of tho Chinese to bury the dead, bodies of their i countrymen. According to tho laws of China, when a man dies in the house of a stranger, the proprietor is held ro j ¡-ponsiblo for his death, and if io has wealth in his posäoa ! sion, linds himself mulcted in a considerable sum of money < to be paid over to tho relatives of the deceased,' for the loss i they aro supposed to have sustained through the death of j thoir relativo. No doubt tho legislator who framed this ,law thought that ho was creating a safe-guard for tho lives of men. But it has had on opposite, effect. AVhen a man dies under the caio of- his relativo-, there is no notice taken thereof- but mark tho, opposito effects, j AVhen a, man becomes sick among strangers he is taken out 'and left to dio , on ,,tho, highway, ¡which, being tho property of the Government, compromises inobody. The law, as it stands, and is acted on, has stilled eyer}- feeling o£ humanity, incredible to thoso unacquainted i with the laws of China.,, But tho evils do not stop boro. AVhen a man dies, tho hoiiso,b}\sHch' becomes polluted, and to cleanse it Ifoni such is a pieco of costly work. The ghost and, de\ils aro expelled by a priest, who doo» the work by sprinkling the house, with holy Avater, and burn- ing incense, at tho same, thho running through the house vociferating, with a nakpd'sworù in one hand, which ho strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in the other hand, to bind them, and Jiually winds up tho performance by plastering on the M alls some charms written in enigma- tical characters, to, keep the devils from entering tho house and doing the inmates harm, who could not otherwise have rested contented tlioiein, until assured that the devil* wero kept out by these infallible preventives., A STRANGE WARNING.-A document of a bomew hat m j stcrious character IIBB been left 'at our ( Marl loruwjh Hy» ni,) office by Mr. Bulliffe, tho AVairau pilot, who on his w n y from the ' pilot-station to Blonheim, on Thursday labt, found floating in tho river, near tho mouth, a bottle about half-full ofigin, round the neck and cork of which a paper M as earefully secured by hewing. On the outsido of the paper was written, vl-ifh blacklead pencil, the follewingwords :-"Friend, read this insido." In obedience to this request the stitches wen- carefully cut out, and tho following statement, also written in pencil, was found t« be the contents :-" August 1, 187S. Cape Campboll,-If anybody should pick up this, let it be a warning to them not to drink any of Hio'poison that goes into theso kind of bottles, for it Avas gin that ruined mo.-From a friend." SCHOOL OF ARTS.-Yesterday evening there was a largo audii-nce at this place of entertainment to witness the " Fakir of Oolu's " amusing performance. Tho Hon. Lady Robinson, Captain St. John, A'.D.C. ; Mrs. St. John, and Miss Robinson wore present. Tho pro- gramme was the same as upon former occasions, and tho various feats passed oil lo the entire satisfaction of thoso present. I 