THE GREAT SNOW. A NEW ENGLAND TALE. By F. Sheldon. Gonolmleil. "Pretty soon Mrs. Allen and Prudence camo in. Mrs. Allen was n very notable woman, and when she told me how she made her cheese, and that she put down her butter in cedar iirknis — she seemed to tlunk that pine ones were not fit for a Christian to use, and that my mother must bo a terribly shiftless person to put up with them — she said she must go and see the pies that were baking. I .don't think that she was still live minutes at a time while 1 was there, but just diiving about tho house from morning till night. And yet there were her two girls to help her, and mother and I did the work for eight, and took iu spinning all the year round. ' I think Prudence didn't like house work. She was very intimate with Semautha Lee ; and what Semautha said, and did, aud wore, was pretty much all her talk. All that week she was at work on Old gowns, altering them to be like Seniantha's. ihaidencc didn't seem to fancy me at the very first ; aud though I don't want to speak evil of her, she was certainly a rather hard person to get along with. " One day she would remark that I would be quite good-looking, if my nose wasn't such a pug. And another day that it was a pity I had red hair, for really my other features were not so bad ; and she said that my gown was just like one she had hung up iu the garret ; and so in this way she picked me to pieces, until it seemed as if sho couldn't find a good thing in me. But this was not as bad as the way in which she talked to me about Semantha. ' Nobody was so handsome or so good or so smart as Semantha ; and Deacon Lee was the most forehanded man in town. As a great secret, she told me thatEphraim and Semantha were once as good as engaged, aud she didn't doubt, if anything should happen to break up the match between Ephraim and me, that Ephraim would go back to Semantha. " X was terribly angvy at this, and I felt my lips stiffen, and it was as much as I could do to say, ' What could happen to break otir en gagement! Ephraim is solemnly promised to me, and it is just the same in God's sight as if we were married.' " Prudence looked at me a minute, and then said ' she had no idea I had such a temper. She had heard that I talked of uniting with the church, but after what she had seen, she shouldn't think ' And here she stopped, and it was as much what was not said as what she did say' that vexed me so. X was heartily thankful that she was only a half-sister to Ephraim, for I began to fear I should hate her " With all this, Mary did not seem to dare to be her own pleasant self, aud even Ephraim acted as if he wasn't quite at his ease. I began to be sadly hoine-sick. I almost hated the sight of the carpet ou the floor, and the high- curtained bedstead, and the tall chimney -glass, and X longed for the love and peace of my humble home. "X had boon at Mrs. Allen's three days, when Semantha f.ee came over to spend the day. She came in the morning, aud sent back the hired man with the sleigh, because she meant to stay all night with lh'udeuee. "Semantha was dressed . very elegantly. She had a scarlet cloth cloak that cauie down to tho liotton of her gown, and the gown itself was green silk, with great bishop-sleeves lined with buckram, so that they stood out, and rattled like a drum when they hit against any thing. Mary laughed at her because she could not go through our chamber door with out turning sideways ; but Semantha said they were all the fashion in Boston. "She was very lively and full of fun that day, though she didn't take much notice of me. In the evening wo had popped corn aud apples, aud when we pared the apples and threw down the long coils of peel, Semantha's took the shape of a letter E. She laughed and blushed, and pretended to be very much vexed, but sbe was really as pleased as she could be. Mary whispered to me not to mind, and said Prudence had given the peel a sly push with her foot to shape E ; but for all that I could hardly help crying. "That night all of us girls slept in the great double-bedded room. Semautha was with Prudence ; and long after Mary was asleep I could hear them whispering, and every minute or two I would catch Ephraim's name. ' "I did not sleep much that night, and in the morning I was almost sick. Ephraim was very kind, and when Prudence said she was going to invite some of the young people of the neighbourhood that evening, he wanted her to put it off ; but Prudence said sbe guessed I would be better — she thought people could throw off sickness if tbey tried to do so. At this Semantha laughed so disagreeably, aud looked over at Ephraim iu so significant a way, that I am afraid I almost hated her. "The company came in the evening — five or six. merry young girls and young men. If my head and heart had been right, I could have enjoyed it'too; bat my head ached, and for the rest you would have thought it was Semantha who wa3 engaged to Ephraim, and not I. "There was a young man there named Elihn Parsons. He was very handsome — too handsome for a man — and what with this and his pleasant ways, he was a great- favourite with the girls. X bad only seeu him onco or twice, but ho romomborcd me, aud came and sat by mo while the games were going on. I thought this was very good of him, for no body was so much called for as ho ; but ho would not leave mo, and was so sociablo and pleasnnt thnt I tried to brighten up and ontortain him as well ns I could. We wore in tho midst of our talk, when I happened to glance up aud saw Ephraim looking over at us — looking, too, as X had never seen liira. All nt onco it flashed upon mo that I could mako liirn suffer ns he had made me. I felt my cheeks flush ; my heart beat fast ; I was full of wild gniety. I sang songs when they nsked mo. Eliliu asked me to dance, and I danced — I, who had never taken a step before in my life. I felt as light as air ; I seemed to float through tho figure. "Ephraim never camo near mo tho whole evening, but Elihu kept cloao to me, and wo had a great deal of talk that 'I am glad to liavo forgotten. But I remember that he laughed at Semantha Lee, and made fun of her bair that he said was like tow, and her eyes that squinted, aud her mincing gait ; and I iistouod, and felt n malicious pleasure iu this dispraise of Soraantha. Through it all my head ached terribly, and I stupidly wondered how I dared bo such a wicked girl, and what my mother would say if she know it. " By-and-by it was ten o'clock, and then Semantha suddenly discovered that sho must go home. Airs. Alien tried to persuade her to stay. But no ! It was going to snow, sho said, nn she wonld not stay. Then Prudence said, ifslio musi go, Ephraim would take her home in the sleigh, which, of course, was just what Semantha wanted. " I don't know what made me do it, but upon this I rose and went over to where they were standing, and said that Elihu l'arsons was going directly-past Doacon Lee's, and would be happy to take Semantha, and that I would rather Ephrnim should not go. "Prudence lifted up both hands, as if she was too horrified to speak, and looked at Semanthn. Semantha giggled. She was one of those girls who are always laughing foolishly. "As for Ephraim, his face was dark, and his voice was cold aud hard, as he said, 'From what we have seen to-night, Mercy, I don't think it can mako much difference to you what I do ; ' arid then, without another word, went out. "Presently I heard the sleigh-bells, and in a moment Ephraim came in at the front door. I hurried out to him. I would make one more effort, I thought. " He stopped on seeing me. " 1 Are you going to leave me for Semantha ? You are very unkind to me!" I said passion, ately. " ' Yon are foolish, Mercy. Semantha is our guest, and I have shown her no more attention than she has a right to.' " Can't you see, Ephraim ? '. I cried. 'Don't you know that she came here on purpose to make trouble between you and me, and that Prudence is helping her ?' " IXe looked surprised, then wholly incredu lous. 'You are mistaken, Mercy. Yon are prejudiced against Semantha.' " I grew angry. I did not know that many men, acute enough to all else, are stone blind where the wiles of a woman are concerned. "You may go then, if yon like. I see yon don't care for me,' I said bitterly, "'You know I do care for you,' said Ephraim. "His voice was softer. I might have won him then, if I would have stopped to psrsnade. But I would not. My pride was hurt. I turned away from him. "Presently Sematha came out, and tbey drove off. " Pretty soon Elihu Parsons brought his sleigh round, flung down the reins, and came iu to say ' good. night.' He held my hand and lingered, talking, when I was eager for his going. My gaiety had fled, and every word cost me a pang. At last he said, ' I am going by your house. Can I carry any message for you ? ' A wild thought darted into my mind, 1 Going by our house. Oh, if I might go too !' " 1 You can !' he said, eagerly. ' I will take you with the greatest pleasure.' "In an instant I had resolved to go. It seemed to me that I should die if I stayed under that roof another night. So I begged him to wait a minute, rau up-stairs packed my things, and came down and told the family I was going home. They seemed thunder-struck/' Only Prudence spoke. " ' V ery well,' she said. ' But I suppose you know that it is all over between you and Ephraim, if you go off in this way.' " X told her I knew it was all over, thanks to Iior, aud I hoped it was a pleasure to her to reflect that she had separated two persons who would never have had a hard thought of each other bat for her. Mary came out into the entry to me crying, and said she hoped wo should make it up. But I told her that was not likely. And so we drove away. " I was dull enough now, and Elihu had the talk mostly to bimself. It was not till we were almost home that he said somethiug which roused me up ; and then I was angry with him, aud asked him what 'he thought of me to suppose I would so readily on with the new love before I was off with the old. But I do not know well what reply he made, for before he had done speaking I was at home. There was the dear old honselhad so longed for — the little, homely, uupainted house, with the well. sweep taller than itself, and the great clump of lilacs by the front door. " I went up to the path unsteadily ; my bead was swimming, and there was a curious noise in my ears. I pushed open the door. There was father with the open Bible before him. and his spectacles lying upon it ; the room was bright with the fire and the light of the pine-knot,and mother was spinning on the little wheel, as she frequently did in theevening. Her face wore its own sweet, peaceful look, but wben she saw me the expression changed to one of alarm. She said afterwards that I looked more like a ghost than anything else. " ' Why, Mercy ! " she cried. " Father turned slowly round, and beyond that I remember nothing. I fell on the floor iu a dead state. "Mother said I talked all night about what had been troubling me. Through all my delirium, X bad an aching consciousness that Ephraim was lost to me for ever. I would rise to go to him, as I thought, but when I reached the place where be had been, there was only Prudence or Semantha. " la the morning the doctor came, and said it was scarlet fever. The other children bad got over it in ohildhood, but it had waited for roe till no#. " I was very sick for a whole month. All that time mother was an angel of goodness i to mo. When I was able to sit up, sho told I mo that Ephraim had beon to enquire for me i often. But sho said no more, and I could not ! toll her tho trouble then. i "I was wasted to a shadow, and was as 1 weak as an hour-old babe. Mother used to i tuck mo up in the gront arm-chair, and then tho boys would push the chair to tho window, i where I could look out. i "A great snow had fallen during my sick ness. It had begun tho night I came home, as Semautha predicted, aud tho roads bad almost been impassable. But they were quite i good again now, and father said tho time had come for him to go down below. It was late iu I'ebrunry, ami he said wo should not have i a great deal more suow, lie thought, and if he ' waited till tho spring-thaws came there, would bo no getting to Boston. "It was arranged that the oldest boy at home should go with father, so that there would be nobody left with mother and mo but Jem and David. Jem was eight years old, and David six come May ; but they woro both smart, and wo thought, with their help, we could take care of the cattle till father camo hack. " I could not do much yet, and I sat in my arm-chair whilo mother iried dough-nuts, and baked groat loaves of broad, and made pud dings, and roasted chickens, for .them to take for food on their journey, leather's way was to carry his own provisions, aud stay at night with frieuds nnd relations along the road ; even if tho sleighing was good, aud nothing happened, ho would be a wook or more in going to Boston. So, of course, the supply must by pretty genorous. "It was a still, bright morning when they set off, with a sky so clear that fathor thought there would bo no storm for many days. After tho excitement of their starting passed away, it seomod very quiet and lonesome; for you remember, though I have not said any thing about it, that my heart was aching for its lost love. " I had said nothing about it to mother yet ; but after they were gone, and tho chores done up for the njght, .and the boys playiug with their cob-houses in the corner, she sat down beside me, saying, 'Now, Mercy, tell me all about the trouble between you and Ephraim.' A3 well as I could for crying, I told her, feeling very much ashamod when I camo to the part about Elihu. But mother was very gentle, and only said, ' I (ear, my child, that savours of an ungenerate heart.' "That was true. But while I had been sick I had thought seriously, and I was thankful that I had not been taken away while my heart wa3 iu suoh a state. I did not dare to tell mother how God's goodness had shone down upon me while I lay ill in bed, but I hoped and prayed that it would not leave me. " It was a relief as well as pain to see that mother blamed Ephraim. She said he should not have allowed himself to be deceived and iufluenced by Prudence. I told her I was sure he could not have loved me as he ought, and that I thought I would send back to him the little presents he had made me, and say that I did not hold him two his promise. " Mother agreed with me, and the next day I made up the package. There was a string of gold beads, and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, and a Chinese fan, and a hymn-book, the bunch ot witch-hazel blossoms he picked for me that day in the woods, and, more precious than all the rest, a letter, six foolscap pages in length, that he had writen in the fall, while I was visiting my cousin in Keene. " I could not help crying while I was putting them up, and I took out the letter twice, think ing I might keep that. But mother said, if we worn indeed to be separated, it was my duty to forget my love for Ephraim, else it would darken all my, life ; and life, she said, was given us for cheerful praise, and work, which is also praise. "After I had sent my package by the. mail- rider, who passed Mr. Allen's house every other day, 1 thought my trouble would be easier to bear. But every day made it harder. I X fell into a miserable torpid state, taking no i interest in anything, and feeling only my | misery acutely. I could not even pray for help, j for prayer itself was a cross. " Mother was very good to me ; she gave me light,' pleasant work to do, thinking to keep uie busy. But, however busy my hands were, my thoughts were free, and used their freedom to make me suffer. " Father had beon gone eight days, when one afternoon mother came in from the barn, where she had been to shake down some hay for the cows, with a face so sober that I was frightened ac once. "'Why, mother! what is the matter!' I I cried. | " ' I'm worried about your father, child,' she i said, and then she went to the window aud j looked out. " 1 Why, mother, if lie started for home yes terday ' " ' XIo would be just in season to be caught in the snow,' she interrupted, with a vehemence unnatural to her. " ' Snow, mother ! ' " I rose, and went to the window. The sky was full of great masses of grey clouds, that sometimes parted, and showed a steel-coloured background, intenseaud cold, aud immeasurably distant. Wide before us spread the waste, white, uninhabited fields — the nearest house a miie away, and its chimney oulv visible above the hills which hid it. A tawny, brazen belt of light iying along the west, where the sun had gone down, illuminated the snow, and gave a weird character to the whole scene. There was a high wind swaying the tops of the tall trees before the house ; and once in a while you would see a fragment of cloud caught from the great grey curtain, and torn into shreds, or ravelled into a thin web, which seenied for a moment to shut close down upon us. It was a strange night, a strange sky. " I felt a vague alarm ; but I tried to speak cheerfully. ' It is too cold to snow, mother ! ' " She pointed to the window. Even as I spoke, the air was suddenly darkened by a multitude of fine flakes, that crowded faster and faster, and were swirled about by the wind, and quickly built up a wall around the door. " As it grew dark, the storm increased. The wind, which had been blowing steadily all day, rose to a gale. It tugged at the doors and windows : it thundered down the chimney : it caught the little house, and shook it till the timbers creaked; the noise was truly awful. We got the boys into the trundle-bed as soon as we could, and then mother brought out her wheel, and I took my knitting. There was a great blazing fire on the heartb, and the room was so warm that the yarn ran beautifully. Mother made out her stint that night ; she vas a famous spinner, and tho wheel went as 'ast and the yarn was as oven as if she had lot been so dreadfully worried about fathor. But every few minutes she would stop aud my she hoped he had not started, or that, laving set out, he would bo warned in time, tad stop by the way. "It was so strange to see mother, who was isually calm, so put about, that I got very aervous, and was glad when she stopped the wheel, and twisted up the yarn she had spun. But as she turned round toward me with it in iier haud, she looked so strange that I cried lut to know what was tho matter. " 'It is nothing,' sho whispered but I took hold of her, and steadied her down into the irm-chair, and then ran for the camphor. Flint brought her round ; but now sho looked feverish, and was shaking all over, and I know that she was going to have one of her ill turns — possibly lung-fever — for her lungs were but weak, and she rarely got over the winter without a fever) The thought made me half wild, but I dared not wait to cry or fret. I knew there was no time to be lost, and I hurried around, and gave her a warm (oot-batb, and kept hot flannels on her chest, ' and made her drink a nice bowl of herb tea as soon as she was in bed ; for I thought when the perspiration started she would" be relieved. I was glad enough when tho great drops stood on her forehead. Yet the hard breathing and the rattling in the chest were not cured. I kept renewing tho steaming flannels, as the doctor always directed, till she fell asleep. She slept almost all night, and I sat in tho chair by her, occasionally rousing up to put more wood on the fire, and listen to the wind, which still held a3 fierce as it was at sundown. "By-and- by I dozed — I don't know how long, but I was wakened by hearing Jem call out, 'Mercy ! why don't it come day ?' " I started up. My fire had gone down, and the room was dark. Mother was breathing heavily beside me. "'I say, Mercy, isn't it morning? Why don't we get up ?' persisted Jem. "I begged him to be still, and, rising, made myway to the clock. I could not see the face, but, by touching the hands, I made out that it was eight o'clock. I knew now that we were snowed up, and that was the reason why it was so dark. "I kindled up the fire and lighted a pine- knot. Jem and David came up to tho hearth to dress, half-crying and fretting for mother. But I pacified them with a breakfast of bread and milk, and while they were eating it I ventured to open a door. There was a solid wall of snow. I looked into the fore room — it was as dark as a cellar. Then I ran up my stairs, and here the little courage I had forsook me, and I grew weak and sick. For the snow was already even with the ledge of the chamber window, and all the outbuildings were as completely hidden as if the earth bad swallowed them in the night. "I ran down stairs hastily, for I heard mother call. " She looked up at me anxiously. ' How is it, Mercy ?' " 'I'm afraid, mother, we are snowed up,' I said. " And I'm sick ! " Mother was sick. That was the worst side of the trouble. It was a settled fever by this time, I was sure. We both knew it ; we both knew that no help was to be had, and that she might die for want of it. We were both silent, neither daring to speak, not know ing how to encourage and strengthen the other. "Mother grew worse all day, in spite of all that I could do for her. The darkness in the house was most depressing, and made the situation ten fold more painful ; though I kept a Gre and a light burning as at evening, I had to bo economical of both, for there was only a small stook of fuel and a handful of pine-knots in the house. It was painful to hear tho poor cows at the barn lowing for food, and to know that it was impossible to reach them. I might, perhaps, have gone out on snow- shoes, and managed to get into the barn by the window m the loft ; but father s shoes were loaned to a neighbour, and, even if they had been at hand, I could hardly dare to risk my strength, not yet renovated after my sickness, and, which was so essential to mother's safety, in an effort that'might fail. " So the hours went on, and the day that was like night wore to a close. In the evening mother brightened up a little. She was calm now, and for the time free from pain. There was an unearthly beauty in the large, bright, hollow eyes, and the thin cheeks, where the rose of fever burned. The disease had worked swiftly. Even this revival might be only the forerunner of death. " 'I want to tell you, dear,' she said, ' what to do in case I should not get well.' "I hid my face is the quilt, and tried not to sob, while she went on, in a sweet, calm, thoughtful way, to tell me of the thing3 that in my inexperience I might forget. I must not be wasteful of food or fuel ; if the suow — which was still falling — should cover the chimney so that I could not make a fire, I must wrap myself and the children in all the warm things I could find — there were some new blankets in the chest in the chamber, she said, that she had meant for me. I must get those, if I needed them. 'And if I atn not here to encourage yon, my child,' she said, tenderly, 'don't give up hoping. Help cannot be very far off. Some of the neighbours will come to us, or father will work his way through the snow, and get home. And, Mercy, don't be afraid of the poor body that I shall leave behind me. Think of it as the empty house that I have used for a little while, and be sure it can do you no barm.' "I promised all she asked, and hid my tears as well as I could. Whilo she slept, and I could do nothing for her, I kept the children quiet with playthings and stories. I cooked bread and meat, and made a great kettle of porridge against the time when we might not be able to have a fire ; I hunted in the garret for bits of old boards aud broken furniture that might serve for fuel. " For two days the wind held, and then there fell an awful silence as of the grave. "Sometimes I read from the Psalms, or from the Gospel of John, which mother dearly loved ; and though she did not take much notice, but, lay in a stupor most of the time, the holy words were comfort and company to)me. At other times I sat in mute grief, watching her painful breathing, and the gradual pinching and sharpening of her features as the relentless disease worked upon them. Oh, it was hard ! I don't think many lives know so much and such utter misery. In my anxiety and grief, and the mpntal be wilderment resulting from loss of sleep, I forgot to reckon the days as they passed. "But orio day, as I sat by motlior's pillow, my mind full of the dread that soomod now-ns if it might any moment be realised — of tho awfulncss of being loft alone in that living tomb with the marble imago of what was and yet wa3 not my mother — the clock struck nine iu tho morning. Somewhere tbo sun was shining, X thought ; somowhoro thoro were happy lovers, merry-makings in divers places, wodding-bells ringing. "A faint sound disturbed my reverie. I started up and listened intently; but tho sound did not recur, aud I dropped my head again, thinking my fancy had cheated rao. "I don't know why it was that what failed to reach my strnined ear found its way to mothor's ; but all at once, from haviug boon in a stupid state from which I could hardly rouso her, sho opened her eyes, and said, ' What is that ?' " ' Do yon hear anything ?' I asked, trembling. But before she could answer, I too heard a shout. " Help wa3 at hand ! Aud mother might yet be saved 1 "I burst into tonr3, and Jem and David set j up a loud cry for company. Those outside heard it, for tho next instant thero was a great halloo. They were cutting their way through tho drift — they came every minute nearer aud nearer. Pretty soon I hoard a voice that set my heart boating and made mo sob again. It was Ephraim's. " 'Are you all alive ?' ho cried. " ' We are all alive, but mother is very sick.' " I don't know how long it took to tunnel that huge suow. drift. I sat holding mother's hand till there was a noise at the door. I sprang up then, and tho next instant stood face to face with Ephraim. Aud we did not mc-et as we had parted. " I wa3 glad to think that we owed our deliverance to him. He had roused up the neighbours, and they came over thnt trackless waste on snow- shoes. On snow-shoes Ephraim I wont for the doctor, and mother began to ! mend from the time of his coming. " It was a week before fathor got home. Yet he had come as fast as the roads would let him, travelling night and day in his eager ness to reach us. He told us of houses snowed up, and people and animals perishing miserably. And by God's grace we were saved, even to the cows, which in their hunger had broken loose fron their stalls, aud eaten the hay from the mow. " And so my life's greatest joy and pain came to me by the storm. It gave Ephraim back to me. For forty years as man and wife we had never a bard word. "'Ti3 thirty years since he went — thirty years of Heaven's peace to him, I did not think to wait so long when he went. The children have been very good to me, but I've missed their father always. But I shall go to him soon. Son Ephraim, I am ninetv-two to-morrow !" 