Miss Angel.* CHAPTER XXIX. BY MISS THACKERAY. ONE by one the spectators of this strange little tragedy took their leave as spectators do. The play being over they return to their own interests. All that evening Angel and her father fiat by the fire in the studio silent, bat not unmindful of each other's presence. little Rom was quietly playing in a corner alone. Angel held her father's horned old hand ia her aoffc fingers. They had had a long talk together; ah* had been quite open to him, and without disgohw. Those well- meant deceits, those agonising suppressions by which peeple try to save others from pain—are they worth the grief they occa sion ?_ Very often the sense of confidence and security far outbalances any pain of frankness and even of condemnation expressed. A father does not utterly resent any misfor tune, however greatly to be deplored, by which his daughter is doomed to remain at ha aide. John Joseph held the pretty hand with its pointed fingers, and looked at it with fatherly eyes. " This is a painter's hand," he said, with a kind little caressing tap. " Where is thy <^nra> ring, Angel, that the Lady Ambassadress gare thee ?" "How can I tell you where it is V said Angel, with a sudden burst of feeling. "M. De Horn took it away ; he did not gire it back to me. How can I tell you where he is ? How shall I ever know where he is again!" The old man knew not what to Bay to comfort her; he could only mutely caress the poor little trembling hand. Angelica felt that the troth had now been owned. Now there was no longer anything to conceal, and any truth faithfully faced ia strength in itself. But then it must be the whole troth, and not a half truth. She told herself, and she told the old man, A1 * jft^"*j* ***.feaaanriiUMiirt with thfMiifc simply, that her Hb was apoued, that she could act fad that tows spoken with all sincerity and SenOUSUeSS WW DTOkfn DOCeUSe CUQUinituCM had changed. She regretted h all, bat then eoold be no change ; ahe mi convinced of thai "If I had not been sincere in my feeling for that man, what exeuae ahoold I have had. fatherf aaid ahe. "It came to me suddenly ; but it waa no imagination. While he lives I shell ever feel bound to him. What excuse had I bat my emcenty ?** It waa in Tain old Kauflmann ifxpftatnlMTfl Angelica ■hook her head sadly. After this Angel fell into a stimnge, inde •eribable state of morbid despair. Her nobler nature waa no longer called upon to act, her commonplace, every-day self failed to endure the daily pricks and the stings of pity, of officious sympathy, and half-concealed cariosity. She knew not how to bear it all. If ahe had not prayed with all her heart for direction, she once said to herself, ahe could hare better borne to be disgraced, to be ashamed of her actions, to be trmmdtd, so it seemed to her. for life. And yet she had only prayed to be helped to do right She had not asked to be snared suffering. Her prayer had sot bean so fruitless as ahe iaagmed. That for which they all blamed and pftiedher, for which ahe blamed herself, reflect ing the made of those she trusted, was not, F«rh*P«,thatinhercondnctwhinhmne»(iessiTed [Condemnation. \ Her whole nature seemed changed. She who had courted attention bow shrank from notice with sensitive terror. In after dap ahe used to look back with strange pity and wonder at these sad and miserable time.; bat, seen by the fight of a brighter future, these old days looked dnW eat, nor could she ewer quite remember their ftdl depth of bitter dußnesa. Even to remem ber is scarcely possible; to put oneself back is sometimes a feat almost aa dfnerita* to put oneself forward. Someone once showed me a drawing of Mendelssohn's. He has? ■Mrhtfl his friend's house m loving remembrance of the hours he had spent there. "It is wonderfully accurate," said the lady who had praaervedtfce picture; Mbut one window is misphnad, ft hi strange that remembering it all so accurately, he should have been imvtaken on this peint"^ The windows of the past have a furious way. of shifting. We look back at the stone wells, which have enclosed our lives, and they «eem one day to open. "Perhaps after»nghtkbroektliti^iM^| and make a, w>y. Perhaps the angels bteakaa, as in that picture of Tintoretto's where the heavenly company burst triumphantly *l»«»^ themassive weUs, and become suddenly nv.ed*l to the astounded Mary,, The angekbf jthe nas^ do sometimes reveal tapmseltes long after. " Although Angelioa* «h*«"lt tram m*xm f to her tumble*, old KanfTfrann scarcely spake on any other subject He wqujd return to $t again • and again, entreat her with tears and snuff to dlsfcfeiber marriage. • •• ' '•■'•" Thenher sMnHafidn giew eluwatOe. *«amt" she **&, M«he tad no poweV to breat^&efrV; *3tat; the Carriage is no marniMe^ old' TfaTfmF***l? Would cry, ejusperatecL and fag to Mr. RoynofcU,, ttelr constant TneuL . "Someone reeds a servvoe, ihere .are. no bans* . nd witnesses.' The man had r beea. married,. before. I, her father, am not considted; the man disappears."' '. .' ." ' '".".'. ■4rThen teat a licence/* aaid'. Ojx^ Bejmoldv slowly.. "Inkve taken counsel's oDJnion.. jfyw previous marriage could riot I>e projed. ,Wita, yon, Catholics, the law is strict; but' |naVe no doubt that >y an appeal to Rome—-^* . "I entreat you, dear father, dear Mr. Rey nolds," interrupted Angelica, witjx rV'mfnnt-ft emphasis, *• leave »^ take:no' stepsj you only give me more pain. I on^y ask to Tip left alone to bear" toy own burden, to injure no one .else. Forget rt all, father'; I shall apeak of it no] more." •;' ' . .... ).;."' And she kept her Word,; but t&ougE.;'s^e'did no* speak ship drooped, the blithe spirit was gone. Her friends were full of anxiety and solicitude. Lady Diana used to come day by uay. little Miss Reynolds used io 'arrive on tiptoe, slowly creaking the dobr tiandle, as if a dick of the fetch would add or detract from poor Angelica's barrenness of heart" Everybody 1 had a different prescription, but none reached her. • • •- f- • - ' • ••:•• ■ For some time after tips Angelica seemed' strangely- altered : she had no word, to utter;' nothing to feel or to express. ' Such limes come to an; night falls, the winter of our .discontent coven and hushes the songsl sad'perfumes and blooming garlands of summer-time. She had nothing more 'to say to anybody. She hett said 1 so 'muen 1n so few words. felt ao much' in so few mxntrtes; ihat 'now there' seemed nothing left. She kept sOtoMewitn her father; she woufa 1 endure his sotteitade in a dogged, stupid sort of way. One day Lady Diana folded her m her, arms & a midden burst of indignation. ■' "• MVpooV, W>r. friend !" she aaidi « Yea," Arigtf \mswered,' "aMtlds b only the •beginning: it£*i%dra4 and worse. -• • ' ';: ' • ' " •: " • • The lew-bon^ knarUh^ inaojeiii wretch!** cried Lady DfuU, whoee^m prfilV' had been curfftusly touched by tbi remembrknbe of past 'oceurrencee. . ' I>-' ' v • ••You haveariglit to be Mgiy, tr said- An gehoa, blushing up angnry; v but he did love me. lam not his superior in birfli, he loved * me; not you," she npeated. with a strange bitter laugh. The lautif went on' and ibm chaaged into « great floM of'faaw. whfch re- UevedLadyDL --P • "Too wiHsee ii diffeniftly smm dayi" ana she; "youdonotremeeoberho#youhavvfeHen insulted. HeJre you no dignity^ no pride, toTe»: sßnttoehtreMinuiit?" . - :, "I think net," said Angel, hanging her head, and speaking in a hard and daggud tone. "I amtaeriyandhnjiilmlydisgi—u, leeeiein every fee* I meet What nee is there in •peak ing of it at all.* Hobody eaa undeMtaadnM, and evem you wOl not understand that I ean 1 have some aineerity of seeung in my heart" ■ Her sorrow made her quite reckless of what she owed to other peeed* tfcmjrtfrsrt indnWeeft totheirblame. It seeoaed to her as if dl eyes wervuponhac . ■■■ ■ .' >• ■•■• It was not afl imnginatinn son Angelka>e part wheaakethough* thai peopk were lookmgat her, counting her poor heart-tstfeeja, itinnif herlone^ tears. She was» weU-teewnehanc tor. This curious romance crept afaMedfrom one source and another. Ooeiip was better managed in those days than now, and persons of a larger mind were interested intke private de tails which then took the plaot of those public facts in which persons are now absorbed. 1 Mr. Reynolds was discreet in vain ; H pro voked him to hear the poor girl's name in «vefy month. Wherever he went he was eross questioned and re>croßS- questiooed. Some blamed, aome laughed, all talked. Lady Diana used to bite her tips with vexa tion. What cannot one or two good friends ac complish ? The influence of this man and this woman worked wonders in Angel's behalf. Their steady friendship saved her from the ill opinion of many who were ready to accept the first ver sion that was given to them, and who felt H in ' cumbent upon them to judge, with or without facts to go upon. Angel refused all invitations; she could scarcely be persuaded to go out into the street Lady Diana waa most anxious to carry her away then and there to her own country house in Hampshire, of which mention has been made. But Angelica seemed to have a I nervous horror of any change, any effort One day, a long time before, a Mr. St Len, I a barrister and art critic, had been speaking of aome of Angelica's work to Mr. Reynolds. "It is graceful," the critic had said,, "but over strained and affected. Everything is too contour de roseate-row for my plain common sense. I know the old father; a friend of his, M. Zucchi, an Italian, gave him a letter to me. The fair Angelica I have not seen ; but her work does not attract me." "Too have scarcely entered into her inten tion," Mr. Reynolds had aaid, gravely. "To her charming nature the whole world is a garden of happiness. She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life—to us older people it is, perhaps, the only real sorrow—does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for her pictures if she had less confidence, but for her self it would not be so well," said the painter. One day, after Poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. "How is your friend Miss Kauffman," the critic asked, quite kindly. * Poor lady ! I fear her experience has been bitter enough to take the roses out of her garland for a long to come. lam expecting • visit from her anofher father at my chambers," he oootuwed ; "they are coming this afternoon, on ousfaess connected with the bouse tfceytire Mr. 8t Leu's staircase led from under the j •owed way that crosses from Inner Temple lane. The staircase abuts upon a quaint old wig-ahop, that cannot be much altered since the dftj" when Angelica looked in through the narrow panes at the block, and the^hone-hair perched upon their «l»iii«^ cranes. v I wffl wait for you hen, father," said she, it m out of the wind. Ido not can to go up." The nervous terror of meeting strangers was stfll upon her. She smiled to her father, and went and stood in the one sheltered corner of this windy place, waiting by the wig- shop, and leaning against the brick walL The colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with many lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue bags issuing from old doorways; red and brown and grey are the tints ; quaint and alight the arches and peristyles, to some minA» aa quaint and graceful in their mist* and wreath ing fogs as any fl»—rting marble or triumphant Pompeian vista. For a long time Angel watched the passers by; listened to the sound of the footeteps. It was a bitter day f ojr aU ito spring promiee ; a fog hung over the streets, the wind came dry and dusty, pismng through the damp mfat Angelica watted, indifferent to it all; the weather made little diftetenoe to her in her strange depression, Would anything ever touch her again ! ahe wondered. It seemed to her as if even trouble could not come near her any more. It is true that interest itself fails at times, and that Kfo is then vary saltiest and ashy to the teste ; but even this is a part of ha experience, if honestly aeoapted, and not leas honest a portion of life van its contrary emotion, Angel waited, list lessly watohing two children descending and dinning the etepe of a piled brown house with' as arched doorway. She felt forlorn and out of plaoa; other people wen living their daily lives, and working to some end. She had none, no thing to wish. Then she began to cry, feeline; tk« utter hopelessness of it 2L She couWsee ao, way out of it; no possible issue, She. had never taken into consideration that tide which flows and ebbs, that alternate waking and sleeping which belong to all living emotion. If our hearts did not beat with alternate pulses they weuld not be alive, r The children wen gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away. (£ don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old and worn a hundred years ago as they do now. If so, An gelica, with all her troubles, must have seemed a pleasant contrast to the grim and foggy figures that wen wandering about this Temple Court) One big old man, dressed in loose untidy clothes, went slowly past* blinking at her from beneath; a small scratch wig that scarce covered his big head ; he rolled a* he walked along^portly, unsightly. There was «v certain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for ail bis shabby clothes and uncouth gestures. Angelica recognised the faoa and strange actions, for ahe had seen Mr. Johnson one evening at the play 5 tliat evening when Oarrick acted Hamlet' She shrunk away from his steady gaze, He passed on, and went up the staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke colored figures went by with the minutes. Then by.degrees the place became quite silent-and deserted, except tor certain ghosts of her own fancy,, and drifte of smoke and soot, and an odd jumble of recollections. wind.blew in dusty gusto* and Angel sighed, from present chill depression as much as from any other cause. Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly; a Bort of unreasonable re trospective senae of shame and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands, for an instant - , ' . In that instant a heavy step came down the. narrow staircase, feU on the stones, came to her aide, and stopped. . • < " Yes, father !*' she said, without looking up. . ~ Your father is above with Mr. St Leu," said a voice, . . -.. . ' _ .'■ . It. wits not John Joseph's vibrating tenor, but a4eep and measured tone she did not know; and then Angelica nosed hex eyes, and met the full and steady look of two bleared heavy orbs,/, from which, nevertheless, a whole flooding light 1 of sympathy and kiodnesa Beamed to. flow. The - ugly seamed face was tender with its great looks of pity. . , . : Yon. me Mias Xauffmann," said theman,in this voice, "with\ a sort of echo. " I told your father I would;stay with you^noy dear, until he had, finished hi 3 business. I have wished to make your acquaintance,", he continued, after a , moment's pause. "Iknow to what straits we poor human creatures can bebrowglit, and I con fess that the recital of your story has moved me gwatiy." JThere he stood stfll looking At her, and she timidly glanced at the lazy, well-known figure, at thtuneayy face with the indomitable fin of fight in. it*, the lamp burning through the bushel and darting it* light into one heart and another: His looks nc lees than hia words carried ■that conviction which is the special gift of some* P«9PI«- ' : ■ Angelica, who had of late so shrunk from strangers, felt as if this was a friend to;whom shexnuid complain; to whom it was possible to ■P»ak. : ' : "What do you mean?" she cried, impetu onsjy (her tongue seemed suddenly unloosed). " Who do you take me for ? Do you know my' story.?. It is only foolery and disgrace. People 'look at me—'i-»t, as you do, with kindness —and I see .their scorn; • I feel their importunate curi osity, and know nojb how to escape from it all, from myself, my miserable life " "Hush, »y dear; hush!" said this stranger. "Then is ao wjsdom in useless and hopeless '■anew; although, somehow, it' is so like virtue 'that he who is wholly without it cannot be 'loved, by me at least To be ill thought of in another persott'e mind v in itself no wrong doing, although it may Bignify some dis comfort to yourself. But believe me, my dear young lady," aaid the wise old man, "the world is not ao scornful aa you imagine'; so unjust as it is peevishly repre sented. For my own part," he went on, "I low cad respect you, disgraced, as you call it; whereas before, then was a time whea my sympathy was lees. You have done no wrong ; you have injured yourself, but no other person. In some ways disappointment is as good as suc cess, for it does not prevent the sincerity of your good intentions, nor alter the truth of your feelings. To be mistaken is no crime. Many things" turn out differently from our wishes. Can you follow me, my dear ? Nay, you must potery; you mast not lose courage. A lifetime is atiU before you, and much hope for the future." He took her languid hand, and held it between his big palms. He comforted her strangely, though she scarcely owned it to herself, or knew how this strange help reached her. " Hope 1" cried poor AngeL " What hope can then be for me ? I know not haw to escape my thoughts. I know not whom to trust whom to love, what to do." " Love your enemies ; do good to them that fll use you," said the old man, solemnly. " Fol low your own sense of right. Fear not to love, my dear. Fear hate and mistrustful feeling 3. Fear the idleness of grief ; accept the merciful dispensation of Providence, which, by the neces sity of present attention, diverts us from being lacerated by the past It is a most mortifying reflection for any of us to consider what we have done in comparison with what we might have done. It still remains for you to contemplate the futun without undue confidence, but with out unnecessary alarm, and with humble trust in your own efforts for right doing to determine upon the best, the most reasonable course for a Christian to pursue, and to follow that course with courage and humility." Some people have a gift of magnetism, of personal influence, which is quite indescribable, which belongs partly to the interest they take in the concerns of others, partly to some natural simplicity and elevation of souL Johnson's personality and great-hearted in stinct reaches us still across the century that divides us from its convincing strength. What must that tender, dogmatic, loving help have been to poor little Angelica in her perplexity, aB she found herself face to face with this human being, «o dovout and wise and tender in his sympathy. Mr. Reynolds could pity and befriend, but he could not enter into the depths of feelings and difficulties that he had himself never ex perienced. Now at last she' seemed to Lave found an ark, a standing-place in her sea of trouble. She looked up into the heavy face. She seemed to breathe more fully ; the load upon her heart was suddenly lightened, and with a burst of tears ahe stooped and ki*aed the gnat brown hand, "Ohr she said, "youhave spoken words that I shall never forget Heav«n sent you to me. Now I fed as if I could face my life alone." The poor little thing's nerves had been over wrought, over-strung all this long time. It seemed to her now as if this man had taken her hand, and led her calmly to the encounter of terrors and alarms which she had not dared to face alone, and which vanished as she met them. When John Joseph came down after his long conference with Mr. St Lea he found Angelica brightened, smiling through tears. His old Angel waa come back, with a softened light in her eyes and a sweetened tone in her voice. "Father, how long you have been I" she said. "Not too long, not one moment too long! If you could know what this half hour has done forme!" It had done this—it had restored her self respect, her confidence in others. John Joseph rubbed his hands, seeing her look of life renewed. The slight figure drifted less languid, more erect There was hope in her steps. They passed out into the busy street, under Temple Bar, into the noisy haunts of men. Angel's friend rolled off on his ungainly way. He was grateful and cheered himflelfTfor to bless is in itself the blessing of some generous heart*. [TO BE COKTOCED.] 