DR. POTTER'S CRUSHING REPLY TO DR. MANNING. Part II. When, m the fifth century, the Council of Ephesus, when dealing with the question of the Neatorian heresy, which asserted that Christ, our divine Lord, had two persons— one the son of Mary, who died on the cross, and one the Son of God, distinct and separate — they imposed upon her the title of Theotokos (to show that they held her son to be one person), i. e. , begetter .of Him who in one person was God and man; . but they never contemplated the wild blasphemy of calling her Mother of God, of which Theoto kos, as every scholar knows, is not the appro priate Greek expression, but Meter Theou is. This she was not called till some time after ; for the first time, by Leo, Bishop of Rome. God, sir, can have no mother ; it is folly, absurdity, and blasphemy to assert it. I feel deeply pained to have thus to speak in reference to an affected reverence for her who was the mother of my Lord ? The idolatrous pretences of it which she would be first to denounce I must denounce, andlet those take the responsi bility of forcing upon me as defender of the faith of Jesus, a line of exposure which may seem harsh and grating. BlesBed among women she was to be. Blessed we call her in our rubric before the Magnificat, that beautiful ode in which she asserts her maculateness, her sin fulness, when she says, " My spirit has rejoiced in God my Saviour." (Cheers.) Saint Mary the Virgin we also call her in a collect. _ I have no hesitation in admitting and affirming that she was ever a virgin, and that those called in the gospel's our Lord's brethren were according to well-known Jewish style of nomenclature, no more than his first cousins. . This is capable of . proof from Scripture. But all this, sir, makes her not mother of God, nor immaculate, nor to be addressed in prayer. " Blessed above women was ' Jael, the wife of Heber, the Kenite," to be, as we read in the song of Deborah; yet no ; one thinks of kneeling down to address her in 1 prayer. The Romanists say they dont worship her with divine worship ; but, sir, I say they do. They draw distinctions, as Dr. Manning .attempts to do, between civil human worship and religious divine worship, which everyone admits. But, Bir, that is not. the question. But this is the question : Are there degrees in religious worship itself ? (Hear, hear.) They say, yes. We say, no, and call for proof. They . say there is latreid, Jiyperdouleia, douleia — the first, to God, the second to the blessed Virgin, the/ last1 to the saints. Now, sir, douleia, the form of worship said to belong to saints, is the Greek word used for the worship due to God in 1 These. . i. 9 ; Rom. xii. 11 ; Eph. vi. 7. But, apart from all this, let me ask, how are the unhappy arid deluded votaries of Rome to dis tinguish and apportion the true kind of worship to each ? The Hail Mary is declared by Rome to be not only a salutation, but a prayer to her. Is not prayer the highest act of worship ? Pope .Pius VII., in 1807, by a decree of the Sacred Congregation of Indulgences, granted an in dulgence of three hundred days — that is, free dom from the temporal punishment due to sin after death, and while in purgatory, to every one who would say during life and at death, Jesus, Mary, Joseph, I offer you my heart and soul; Jesus, Mary, Joseph, assist me in my last agony ; Jesus, Maty, Joseph, I breathe forth my soul in peace with you. (Sensation.) Now, let me ask, how can any poor Romanists distinguish between the varieties of worship in uttering these wordB ? (Hear, hear.) Sir, in controversy with Unitarians we are accustomed to quote the words, " Go, baptize all nations in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost," as a proof of the Trinity in Unity, of the co-equality of the Three Persons. Must not the same use of words here infer a co-equality of the creature and the Creator ? But this is not all the blasphemy. In the Hungarian Con fession of Faith every pervert to Popery is obliged to confess (Art. XVII.), ""We confess that Mary the Blessed Virgin is worthy of greater honour from men and angels than Christ Himself, the Son of God." This will be found in Streitwolf and Klener's "Libri Symbolici Gottingen," 1838. Protestants made such work about this wild blasphemy that in the edition of 1846 they dropped it out, as they have done the denial of infallibility from Keenan's Roman Catholic Catechism ; but they forgot to erase the reference thereto from the preface ; so that the preface refers you to five confessions of faith, while, when you seek for them, you find only four. (Cheers.) But, again, in a sermon by Bernard Senensis, a canonised saint, (Paris, 1836), there are these words : " Mary has done more for God than God has for man. So that thus on account of the Blessed Virgin, God is in a certain manner under greater obligations to us than wo are to Him." (Sensation.) Again Pope Gregory XVI., in 1832, thus addressed all bishops and faithful : "That we may all have a successful issue, let ! us raise ourselves to the Blessed Virgin Mary, who alone destroys all horesy, and who is the sole foundation of our hope." And the present Pope, following up this in a Brief of 21st August, 1850, speaks of the Blessed Virgin as ."most holy mother of God, most gracious Virgin Mary, by whom every faithful soul is said, by Cyril, to be saved. " In the Litany of Loretto they style her "Gate of Heaven," though Jesus says He is the door (St. John x. 7) ; " Morning Star " (Rev. xvii. 16), though Jesus says He is the Morning Star — and there are not two; "Refuge of Sinners," though God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble (Ps., xlvi. 1) ; " Comforter of the Afflicted," though Jesus said, when leaving earth, He would send to us the Holy Ghost the Comforter (St. John, xiv. 16, 17). (Hear.) In ; fact, Mary is their queen, their mediator, their hope, their salvation, their comforter, their God; and their religion is not Christianity but Marianity. I regret to speak thus. I know pious, loving Romanists, whom I hope to meet in heaven '; but if I do they will be saved by a loving, pardoning Lord, not by means' of their system, but in spite of that awfully blas phemous system. (Cheers.) Now, sir, I have taken the trouble to search Scripture and history carefully on this question, and I find that neither in the gospels or epistles of St. Paul, or the other catholic epistles, or in the Revelation, is there the slightest reference, direct or in direct, of worship or of praying to the Virgin Mary ; indeed rather the reverse, for on one occasion our Lord was told " Thy mother and Thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee? He said, " Who is my mother, who are my brethren?" and looking round on the vast assembly, He said, " Whosoever doeth the will of my Father in heaven, the same is My brother and sister and mother." (Cheers.) Again, a woman in the crowd said, "Blessed is the womb that bare Thee." He replied, "Rather blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it." And at the marriage of Caua in Galilee, when she said they have no wine, He said, " Woman, what have I to do with thee ?" or as it should be translated, and, indeed, has been by Archbishop Kendrick, in his transla tion, though he is a Roman Bishop, " Woman, what hast thou to do with Me ? mine hour is not yet come." Roman Catholic writers of eminence admit this silence, but give a3 a reason that it was to excite our curiosity to inquire about her and know mere of her — (laughter) ; — (but where are we to get the knowledge denied us in Scripture ?) So says the learned author of the Pomajrium, Aloysius, Novarinus, Caviseus, the Jesuit, Poza ; Suarez the Jesuit, Sherlog, Gregorius, Gallicanus. But, sir, I have also looked up the fathers of the early Catholic Church. Barnabas does not mention her, nor Clement, nor Polycarp, nor Hermas, nor Tatian, Athenagore, nor Theophilus. Ignatius names her, but speaks of no prayer or invocation to her. Ireneus says our Lord re pelled her in the words, "Woman, what have I to do with thee?" Tertullian, Ambrose, and Chrysostom are dead against any authority or influence in her, and Chrysostom accuses her of excessive vain ambition, which was disregarded by her Son. Let me then hope, sir, that 1 have set at rest for ever, among Dr. Manning's in telligent Manchester men, the . question of the worship of the Virgin Mary. (Cheers. ) And now, Bir, that I have finished this branch of my subject, let me approach the other, namely : " Rome as a political conspiracy against civil freedom." And, first, permit me to show from holy Scripture that this was to be her characteristic. Daniel is called the man greatly beloved, the seer of seers; his prophecies are the political history — yes, sir, I say it — the political history of all nations, for all time— till the coming of the Universal Monarch, and the establishment of the fifth great monarchy. In his 2nd, 7th, and 11th chapters, he gives us a .sketch of the great dynasties of earth — the Babylonian, Medo-Persian, Grecian, Roman. He tells us the Roman monarchy was to.be divided into ten kingdoms, which, we all know, was the case. He tells us that three of these ten should be consolidated into one, as the tem poral sovereignty of a mysterious semi-political power which should arise, called the " little horn. ' They were all "horns," which means, P0ical secular powers. This j.1. horn " was to have the eyes of a man, that is, a peering, introspecting, surveying, all- seeing character ; he was to be, wbat the word . signifies, a bishop, which is the shortened Saxon 8ynonme for the Greek cpiscopos , or bishop — but a fallen bishop, a J udas, an apostate apostle, a "son of perdition." Now history tells us that this thing happened. Three of the ten kingdoms formed the patrimony of Peter ; in right of this he has worn the Regno, or triple crown, which is the emblem of temporal sovereignty, for the Pope never wears this in the church, only out side, as such symbol; inside the church lie wears the mitre. And, sir, a word as to the mitre. What is a mitre ? It was one of those Babylonian ornaments repudiated at the Refor mation. It is like, as you know, the head of a fish with the snout upwards and the mouth open. (Loud laughter.) Nor is this fancy. Sir, it is absolutely the old initre of the priests of Dagon the fish god, assumed by the priests of Rome, after they had converted the pagans, as they call it, to Christianity. This is not the only one of the things they borrowed from Paganism ; by their own confession, too. Their vestments — these sacrificial vestments which we hear so much talk of, and which Ritualists desire _ to assume— are also borrowed from Paganism. This power was to live and reign for a time, times, and half a time, which is twelve hundred and sixty prophetic years. These years began in 607, when the first Pope, as Antichrist, became universal bishop, and, strange to say, in the same year, the eastern Antichrist, Mahomet, retired to his cave at Mecca to forge his imposture. In 1848, by lunar calculation, these mystic years expired ; in 1867 by solar calculations ; when syas fulfilled at each period — first, as on a small scale, as it were a rehearsal, for a warning, the shaking of the thrones of Europe and the banishment of the Pope to Gaeta ; and at the other period the final disestablishment of the Papacy as a horn power, and just when ,he, through his agents in this country, was accomplishing the disestab lishment of the Church of Christ in the sister country, to accomplish which he made an English government his catspaw. Fie, for shame! (Cheers.) Sir, these arc more than strange coincidences. Such was to be the Papacy ; but let us see how far Dr. Manning, still clinging to the exploded sovereignty, seeks t carry out the designs of that mysterious political religious power which claims to be such by Divine right, and not merely by the allow ance of the nations, as these sucking doves, who would throw Englishmen off their guard, and apologise, for the Papacy would fair persuade us. This power was to "exalt itself above all that is called God." Now, sir, this cannot mean above God Himself. If it meant that, it would have said it ; but it says all that is called by the name of God, that is, Elohim. Now, sir, of whom is it said in holy Scripture, "I have said ye are gods, Elohim ? " Of whom was it spoken by Moses, " Thou shalt not revile the gods, Elohim ?" Was it not said of the magis trates and chief rulers of the earth ? Thus, then, to exalt himself above all that is called God, is to seek to dominate over and subordinate the Elohim of earth, the rulers of this world, who are called by God's own name, because they, and they alone, are supreme earthly executors under God, and to administer His tor the benefit of their subjects, which is the foundation of the principle of Church and State. (Hear, hear.) Now, sir, I find, in his after-luncheon speech, this Dr. Manning re pudiating any desire to struggle with the Powers of this world, with earthly govern ments, especially with England. Oh, Dr. Manning, that won't do. We will play off Dr. Manning against Dr. Manning. Give to these men their own definitions, theorems, &c.;, and they will make a nice case for you. Only give to C.'csar Crcsar's things, and to God God's. But then the Pope will take upon himself to decide how much belongs to Ctcsar and how much to God) that is, to himself, IsTow, sir, Dr. Mau- ning, some years ago, when pushing on towards the height of that awful precipice on which he now stands, told us his mission to England. Here are his words, in a sermon preached to a Romish . synod : "If ever there was a land in which work was to be done, and perhaps much to suffer, .it is here. I shall not say too much if I say that we have to subjugate and subdue (these are brave words), to conquer and rule an imperial race." Yes, Englishmen, you are a race of- heroes. As our Irish poet Goldsmith, has said of you : — Pride in his port defiance in his eye, I see the lords of all the earth go by. Rome's mission is to bubjugate and subdue you, conquer and rule you. But let us go on. "We have to do with a will which reigns throughout the world, as the will of old Rome reigned once. We have to bend or to break that will which nations and kingdoms have found in vincible and inflexible." This is the guage cast down. Englishmen, take it up ; forget not this threat to " break " if not to bend. Rome has in store for you the tortures of the Inquisition, the faggots and fires of Smithfield— a chop, a steak (stake), and a drop, by way of a finish. (Cheers.) Be not self- confident. The wise man has said, " The thing that was shall be ; and there is nothing new under the sun. " You now see how Popery originally spread; the return wave is running all along the isothermal lines ; it is felt in Canada, Australia, America, as well as here. Put your trust in God ; Ho is our refuge and strength. Dr. Manning, in another sermon, praises the great Jesuit, Ignatius Loyola ; he then praises Anselm, the proud and stubborn prelate, and the infamous Thomas a Becket, whom ho desires to make his model, two of the greatest names of infamy known to English history. Becket, the companion in wickedness and lust of Henry II., and he who, after his elevation to the highest ecclesiastical post, turned round on his old master, and proud, haughty, ambitious, insolent as he was, sought to put his foot on the neck of England. He then praises Bellarmin, Petavius, Vasquez, Suarez, and DeLugo, Jesuits, names of iniqui- tous and infamous celebrity. Jesuits have been, for their immoral casuistry and soditions, turned out of every State in Europe. Jesuits have been proscribed by a Pope — Clement XIV, who in his Bull Dominus ac Bcdemptor, uses these words of them : that by them " dangerous seditions arose ; tumults,' discords, dissensions, scandals, which, weakening or entirely breaking the bonds of Christian charity, excited the faith ful to all the rage of party hatreds and oninitios." He says that "this step was necessary, in order to prevent Christians frpm rising one against another, and from massaereing each other in the very bosom of our common mother, the Church. Again, "it was very difficult, not to say impossible, that the church could recover a firm and endurable peace so long as the said society subsisted," and, therefore, . he pronounces them "the general provincials, vigitors, and other superiors of the said society, to be for ever annulled and extinguished ;" ancl then adds, "that these, our letters, should for ever and to all eternity, be valid, permanent, and efficacious." Yet they aro back again, re called by another Pope — Pius VII, ; who, how? ever, in his Bull of Recal, does not contradict one of the charges made against these " skilful and experienced rowers of the bark of Peter." And thus they verified, in their mysterious history, the boast of one of their own generals : "We come in like wolves, we reign like lions ; we are driven out like dogs, but we renew our strength a3 eagles." But not content with this, Dr. Manning praises the infamous Garnet, and the Jesuit concocting of the Gunpowder Plot, who sought to blow up the three Estates of the Realm, and to make Protestantism an im possibility to eternity. He writes : "On earth they wore the garb of felons ; in heaven they stand arrayed in white, and crowned. Here they were arraigned in the. dock as malefactors ; there thoy sit by the throne of the Son of God." (Sensation.) Yes, sir, and he calls our fine Protestant' country " sentina Gentium, the cess pool of the world." Rome not interfere with governments and powers, sir ! It is the acmo of impudence to assert it. Have we forgotten the Constitutions of Clarendon, cursed by the Pope, sir ? Have we forgotten Magna Charta, the charter of English liberty, for obtaining which the bold barons of England were excom municated by the Pope, sir ? Have wo for gotten Priest O'Keeffe's case, in which Dr. Cullen and liis myrmidons seek to crush out tho spirit and life of a fine old priest, who is fight ing, almost single-handed, against the Papacy, to the sliaiiie and disgrace of on-looking, un- sympathising, but applauding Protestants. Priest O'Keeffe should have £5000 sent to him to enable him to fight it out with the infamous "man of sin." Gregory XVI. cursed "liberty of conscience " and "that never-enough to be execrated liberty — the liberty of the press." The late Dr. Wiseman told all England that the territorial bishops were introduced into England to administer canon law, as it could not be ad ministered under . vicars apostolic. He little thought we would inquire what was this canon law. Sir, these canon laws are so bad that the celebrated Dr. Doyle, Roman Catholic Bishop of Kildare, the great champion of the Catholic claims, said if its laws were received in' this country, it would " drench our streets and fields in blood that nothing would be at rest if they were. He denied that they were, however, as he said they were of 110 force unless published in the country, which, he said, in hif day they never were. But now, sir they are. They were set up publicly in 1832, after their perjury had won emancipation, set up to be tne guide in confession through which to rule the consciences of the Romanists of the country. Pastor bonus is the name of one; Bulla cceiue Domini, another ; Pastor alls Begiminis Multorum Querela, and others ; and, worst of all, Elapso proxime, for the establishment of the Inquisition. Yes, sir, and I challenge an inspection of all their cathe drals and nunneries, and will shew ring-bolts, trap doors, cells, torture chambers, and all the terrible maehinory for a holocaust to the demon of the .Inquisition when time and opportunity arrive. ... To be continued. 