LAD MlAONAMJARA'S STORY. (Fao, ALL TUI( YElA ROUSD). •€ , -(Corculued.). It wits ow April. veryfiiice iwather, and wainlricfor, the time, of year. Tempted by thelbeau'ty sfo.ujie fragrant evening we had lingered on the terrace, .in returningfrdinm a stroll iii the garden aftet-our usual- late- =dinner, -till I tvas quite tired. So lieviug .Dick. to finish his lastcilgar, I stepped ito thiedrawing roonm by the winduw, and. sat down to the piainforte Io`t 'I as quite dfusl indoord,'.but I' did {uot-care :to. ring for lightsP till:he canmce !,. so;Ie :countinued i.laying little, bits0 t suoft- music by I cart, till at last I Ofl- upin one of an old set. of Beethuivei's 'waltzes, which had not come into my; head for a long time. While I wrf ,playiig, 1 beard the door to which my back,ýansit urnied, open gently; but no,,une uame ie. ",i thought it was my husband, and that he was stopping to lsien, asthe waltz w as an old favorite of his. 'Is that you, Dick ?" said 1 ' Will you orde tear ? e . ,t. there, 1 kitig i,' \at toe hidlf-opened .dour, as if the persunawere stanlding be hind it, I saw a face -so strange, so wani and wistful leoking, that IJ uttered an invholniary3 cry. In a niuinieit Dick sprung in at the window, and I- pointed to the. door..- Who. is it ?'. said. I, fiiintly? Ieie,"it to the door, 1There is ino one here.' Iitojiened into an ante room.whilh,' he crossed, and luooked out into thipeufi'tld r SWhat wai it, deair i said he, couting back. ' You.duok'.scared,2. I: told him what itt:wad. i : . h.e; c.'l'o huunemaid, cominig to " see, whether. th-e, ezrtuw i)ae: lint to u rights, I suppose. SI sappose'ii muturi have beeien But rh.,Dtuk, ;j ~7pu.t!l U thiuk hew wierd .pdyg1inatlý ua.# lodd' the Ltte..look.ed.? * Why, so doaelyotraat this ruoment, love ; a'i1mib't tii?des- o106 lo.kpale and queer at twilighit :specially peoping iu at a door. Let. u have iights." He rang i.thleibull.i ITha servants camq in with' the lamps and tea, and I l'1,id'dil"'d m ys?lft I'had been iniitfaketi. But.soniehovT £didil ot like to liinlk of ibat-faoe ati'thefiodor: a ndr;I:Tsollun d waking the iuqdiry whether, the houseu i i'1dha o16Olked fin _ . <_ , , . A few weeks 'i nt'er, we were to go up rtoiywp tp Iluasthe Luudon season with myn jareuttiswho had taken -a, houise there;and we had eoa nped to liay vi tg tto ~various relatiuna inr the uutititry ailterwnrdis, Ieftre iturninog i 63laiibulree for the cubt,-liting in rlepti.?ier. .The itnoiin bers of tIhe Ihutwlio lap.ieniedi to b still rwruain i;" ii the Iluiohl,hor uhool t l,1 got uli a p hill'ji- 'dinliur, ' lit w hiLLh I(aptain tlinuluilniir., want to make u?e. It took l i.u , Jat h i pii ,. a to,?, l liuse or six miles thum us, unitl utit iat. ,Tly hi(1r, ILtausr stime o t iTIe p n1 ' I' hd ai lnig i ide hlisitm e uftci' orde. ; ] diniid aloine .t .urn- usual time. I walked ini th:u gari'.i?l -aL liitlu itLh t.uur Jau,! rit teur Sit r,"I''t{s,', atd t t-en .1- sat -lazily .j 3ipg ei aMid a'i now Lonk until, J '~I' tet h I' initiuig to niod. '' 1.i.ltiga. itt py tutul I saw it wasai ;i',sdit?ady 1] .'oul-cc, atid luouwipg that ' ýis" utI, d lihlt W it l ecxettled hume ini u.{?ln hilt- Louit'il .mt, 1 IpreL't'''.ELd 'waitinug up fir hit to going to bed; so I went to the piazno to rduse is~-slf. 'ussy, who n. as very fond of~ausio, bat -up, stretched himself, anrd followed me to the inist:Lumenilt, }]here he placed him self at ry tfeet.. After playing several piecet , the - old Bt-eethoverun- waltzes re::airred to Ltoy zuIemory anid 1 began them. - I - must make the confession that after the evening lwhetn ihat very unphlasant tihe, had louked in so mysteriously, I h d been we k enough to have the pianio moved so as to sit facing any one wilo might omane to the door. -There wse only one lamp in the rtooui,notln toy reading table: so the other end of the specious utpanrtment was imperfectly lighted. Looking o1p as 1 played, to moy asionishlineu t I saw in the distance what I thought to be two white twice caporing about on tbhe floor. 1 left the.j,iauo and went to the spot, but nothing was to he see,,. This did not su'prijis mle, as ilmturallythe timid creatune?es uuld rnu away at the slightest -miovlelnt ; but beintg very foud ut animals I wahted toi discover thenm, and sought under the sofa anld ehairs, and ill every cornier of the room. All iy vaih:. At " last, hboping that if I kelit quiet' hey might comis out again, and s?voadering at? the musie steening .to attraet them, I sat down unt ce t~ure.to iay wailtzes. In a,, instant there they .uuie tgaini, "goingi'round hntd round wi:h the greatest regularity ; bat the wotoenet Istopped playing, or moved fraui mty pihce, they were gine. This happened three or four, times, and the odest thing a as that Fus.y, t ho was rabid, afnor."rats and. mice, instead of flying ati these, little creatures crept close to ?fie ,i?d cr,;uched trembltig by my side.' I was glad of it, for I did Iatt wish to have the ,retty dancers, killed, nod I had just recommenced lmy tune for tle :fouu'rt'h. :ied ?vheil thbe dour opened, and my husband inttered and 'atltzed up tlhen-ruom ;tdarddi'te while the- little ereatures kept tone with himn erfietly?,?seemitug t dfitllow his steps.. i Dick ! Dick !' sAiid I, without stolping my music ;l Iouk there I Did you ever see. asythipg. o curiqus ' Hie ptuied; 10tked" iii the direction indicated by my eyes, atnd thenl in: a tolne of uttirt tniazbazetnt; exiclitand : - I i' Feet! by eaven ' ' What it' cridded I, 'starting ul lBe n"stood aid if Ietrified.' Nbthii~ wis to be seeu of ,the strange ap1parititon. I told hit. }-hiat hu,.bhal.petnedi? tid that I believed them to be white mice that 1 had see.?. - . SMice !' said he - ---As sure as I stand here, iitwrase alittle pacor fi feet in white "satin shoest! Gd: .back.- and play.'. 1 didsts. :' here theyare agan, by Hcavens ! Coile .quickly.' ., SIramnto:thu end.of. the room,t,but n.o trace of: thew :alpemared: . : C Next morning -we tttrted ftor Londoni in tlie full 'expeetatiitn o:f reti'trnlhg'tr a6iot'ibrhl'ie eatrly itt Septemiber'. Bltak were summutii ied ,ii the.:beginnif/, +,Y thli month to what proved to be the death-bed of my dear father,'4?nd.chanlges in the ftaily arrantgewents consequent upon that evenlt keptus sonic weeks awaty. During this time an: uncle ut my liusbhanid'.s as iappointbd to the govern os'hip of" coleny, ntd' nroti t(Gtf'ier his nteplmw the pest uirnanval atide.de.cnmp, which he gladly incdted. .Before th? year was out,.we had sailed fur our eow destinatiun. O 'H e'we cmaine back to Englatid, the haiuntedl hous, hbadceased to eist: A i"l??way cortpially t:hd bought it. and run..its iron road. cleau, across the pretty garde.' The house was razed to'the ground; the tr6es were felled, and copy nwyw grows on the scette of the ghost's waltz. ,. ' For some tithe Di~k i.:td I Ike1,t tlie" story .ot the. ghorj's wialtz ..atrietly to ourselves; but the public mind is now so well prepared fur the reception of uikrvels, that' '1 hihiv:'rioL hesitatiun' ini desiring its accej,tHtiaue'bf thi?'atitlieiitic little history. Accustomed as ever'ye ol' is, iiuw-a-days; to lhear-thougli"t hi tainly tiuit to see-bhw gentlemen who pritit thir tiitdisputablm experiences can elongate themselves, latter tlhettselves, gaze ;th eritselvei againist ceilings,' i nd flit in and, o?nt of fhreejpair-6f-stair wiindoau ; u howttttrettttt 'n Lstueic cai play ifr their own -amusmnot: in odd curniers out of huuisini't'y"s i?ach, or thy abuut in the air, while human beings. float amoungl'themt ; 'how :'handsj iisat-' tacihed (lille retired coldintle, cai j.gabihlr flowers tand crowon_poets; anld how gpiritual beings can return fromn the grave,"to ~ujoy a zgate0 <fr0l|s-uztder a cl.-tahlt, or- talk more dreary louseniue thant they. talked, in life, if i,,laible; tli.?a psurely- can h bI difficulty ins bdlefeitvimihb dOimple fact ,f blhoes retur.i-tug to ihis a;rid; ait the kumnioute of a favduite tute, to filuish SducaCeeuntexpctodly cut t-lorti b 