FICTION. (From EnglUh, American, and other FerlotUonIi«) {JÖL0KEL OAMNGTON'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XLII. "WOO'D AND HARRIED AND A'." My love.hathsworn with, sealing Jrin Foi me to live-to die ; I,bave-at last the nameless bli». As I lore, loved am I. -Anon. Mr. Daintree took Grace's poor .thin hand kindly in his own, and bade .her be sore that she was free AS air to go where she pleased. " I will Bee to it," he Baid. " Prom this hoar yon shall go unharmed by anyone. Heaven has given jon back into your husband's keeping, and he will take aare that you are not stolen from bim again." " Bat I owe it all to yon," she said, raising the hand that held hers to her lips, and kissing it reverently. " I remember what happened to me in that awful house like a bad dream. But for you I should have died there." "It was God who guided me there," Mr. Dain- tree said, quietly. " And he -will reward you, sir. We oannot, bat we can remember you in our prayers, Hans and I " "Yon will let me know if you find out anything," the rector said as he rose to say good- bye. "I shall depend on Mr. Perry thorne to let me know anything that transpires in this curions affair." " You shall have a telegram within an hour," Mr. Perrythorne said, and then, with a oordial farewell, they parted. A very short time suffioed to provide a travelling dress for Grace, and then Mr. Perry- thorne, with a very thankful heart, took their tiokets for their homeward journey. AU that had passed in the last day or two had yet to be told to Daryl Ganyngton. He knew nothing of the woman who had been at the inn with the two men j and hearing nothing of the ghost again, set it down to the girl's imagination. He had heaid nothing, either, of Mr Daintree's proceedings, that gentleman having told the land- lord of the inn that he did not wish his visits there Bpoken of. Luckily Mrs. Webber knew nothing »boat it, or she would have carried the intelligence to Leasholm at once. Mr. and Mrs. Canyngton had been from home some distance by train on the day the thrBe travellers took their departure, and returned just as-Mr. Perrythorne conducted bia companions to the platform at Leamington. " Whatever made you oome by this train ?" Ellen, said to her husband as they stepped out of the carriage. " There is always so much bustle and fuss at this time. The later train would have been much better." " Perhaps," he said absently. " Then waatever made you oome now ?" " Kismet." " What do you mean ?" " Look there !" He pointed to the departure platform, and there, right opposite to him she saw the woman who had flown at her husband's throat at Crich- ton HouBe. She was neatly dreseed, and ac- companied by a tall gentleman, who had a triumphant smile upon his face, and another man, pale and worn-looking, whom Mrs. Can yngton did not know. Bat her husband knew him, and lived through a dozen years of agony in that moment's recognition. He knevt that hil prey bad esosped him, and his guilty secret was at the meroy of the two people who had suffered so muoh at his evil hands. But nothing carne of that ohance meeting. Months passed away, and the two people he had seen might have sank into their graves for any sign he had of their existence; and though he fretted himself almost into a fever over what had happened, and what might be, no tidings came of any moment from them. Mr. Daintree, too, waited and hopea, but no cine seemed to come to to the whereabouts of the ohild who had dis- appeared so mysteriously. Hans Dertrieohsen ana his wife had settled onoe more in Flymouth, making a mew horne, and striving to forget, if possible, all they had suffered. Hans had gone back to his old work again, the firm receiving him gladly ; BO they were comfortably off still, though perhtps a little poorer than before. Whatever influence was brought to bear at Dr. | Brande's two establishments, it was sufficient ; the worthy doctor knew perfeotly well where his two patients were, but he took no notioe, and pro- fessed entire ignorance whenever their names happened to ba mentioned in bis hearing. In the little home at Plymouth there was never a word dropped about the past. It seemed too terrible an experience for the resoued pair to talk of even to one another. Nor was Daryl Canyngton's name ever mentioned between them Hans felt that he oould not speak it without a curse5 and to Grace the very thought of the Squire of Leashlom seemed to bring baok all the siek horror of the terrible night she had passed at his house. One evening when Hans had returned from his work, and was sitting smoking his pipe, the subject oame up almost unawares. " Grace, dear." "Well?" " What beoame of that thousand pounds ?" ""What thousand pounds ?'" " What that man gave you " "How do you know?" " He told me so, or I dreamed it. He said he bad given you a thousand pounds on your promise to keep his secret." " So he did." "Well, where is it?" " Where it came from, I suppose. I had it in my hand, in new, orisp bank- notes. Of oonrse he took it again. I was holding it when-" " Ah, don't speak of it, dear," said Hans with a grimaoo and a vigorous puff at bis pipe. "It won't bear thinking about. I hope it's done him good-all the good I wish bim, and that's easy reckoned up, I'm sure." Daryl Canyngton, in all his splendour at Leas holm, was not half so happy as these two in their obsoarity and retirement. One-comfort he had in his perplexity and retirement, and that was that no advertisement, offer of reward, or en- quiry had availed to discover the obild. She had vanished as oomplotely as though her new caretakers had flung her into the sea on the passage over. Mr. and Mrs. Perrythorne declared to one another, and to the world in general, that they, had by no means given np all hope of finding her, bat they were bound to admit secretly that there seemed very little ohanoe of their seeing their little protege again. This was all plea- sant hearing to Daryl Canyngton ; but the Der trieohsens' prosperity was a terrible thorn in the flesh to him. How the woman he imagined he had killed had managed to get out of the vault, and into Dr. Brande's keeping, he could not oonceive, and he could not make any en- quiries to satisfy himself. " What can I do ?" be asked of Dr. Parselle, when they were talking the matter over one day. "Nothing." " Nothing 1 How can yon talk in that matter of-fact way? I feel as if I should gomad when I think of it." " There is nothing to be done except to watch and-wait. You've got the winning sard yet." "Theobild?" Tei." "Bot they know everything." " And eau prove nothing. Without the child they oin do nothing. These Plymouth people can oome forward and tell a eeok-and-bnll story; but how will they prove it ? Don'tfce « «ovard, Canyngton, bat look things in the face like a man." "I have, till I'm stupifled. I'd give some- thing if those two wretched people were both dead and buried." " Well you did jour best to bring about that desirable end of all things. I don't doubt you do wish them in the next world, and Mrs. Web- ber, and the parson yonder, and myself, and everybody who knows anything about it." " Don't talk in that sneering way. You'd feel just as I do, if you were in my place-ourse it!'' " You didn't curse it when you were schem- ing to .get it. I do wonder you haven't more sense, Daryl. Daintree won't move in the matter because of Mrs. D., thongh, between ourselves, I think he knows a great deal more than we fancy ; -and those aotor people are brought to a standstill for want of witnesses, and by the child's disappearing in such a fashion. Depend upon it, you'll hold Leasholm to the day of your death, if you don't make a fool of yourself, and do any- thing rash.". " I think the cost of all this will turn me out, if nothing else does. I'll tell you what it is, doctor, it's ruin, the way I'm paying people who are mixed up in it. No one seems to think of the value of money when they come to me about anything conneoted with this business " " Many men have to pay for their position pretty heavily," Dr. Parselle remarked dryly. " You amongst others " Daryl-Canyngton's position was being paid for in more ways than by hard cash out of his pocket. He was paying for it in shattered health, and added years to his life, and gray hairs to his head. He was beginning to grow gray and care- worn, and reporte were about that he was deeply involved, and raising money by every meana in his power. His sister, away in London, knew very little of how matters were going at Leasholm ; bat she saw the advertisements that appeared from time _ to time about the ohild, and wondered over them. ' No one could do anything else now, it seemed. Mr. Perrythorne oponed the Plymouth Theatre again, without the ohild. Emma Bailey waa still in his employ-a steady, reformed woman, the right hand of the indefatigable little manageress, who found in her a grateful, trustworthy ally. Mark Bagnet was pressing for speedy marriage, coming and going very often, and declaring he had made up his mind to settle down in Ply- mouth. " You like Plymouth so much, then ?" Mr. Perrythorne said to him, when told of his reso- lution " Well, sir, I do. I seem to have found kind friends here, and 'twas here I found my poor Emma again. I don't profess to be a religious man, but 1 oan't help thinking Heaven Bent me here straight to happiness, as it were." So in the slack time of the year-the early spring-there was a quiet wedding, presided over by the kindly manager and his wife, and Mark Bagnet took Emma home to neatly furnished lodgings, and set her up " like a lady," the delighted creature declared. " Why didn't he take a house, Emma ?" Sirs. Perrythorne asked, the first time she called on her late assistant. " He hasn't quite settled what he's going to do yet, ma'am," she replied with a pleased blush " He said thero wonld be plenty of time after we were married to look about a bit ; but he wasn't going to wait any longer for me." " And you won't quarrel with him for that, I'm sure," Mrs. Perrythorne said. " Your marriage is quite a romance, Emma." " And to think that that pretty darling we've lost should have been the means of bringing us together. I wonder where she is, and if we shall ever see her again, poor dear !" " I don't like to think of it," said kind little Mrs Perrythorne, the tears rising into her bright eyes. I should feel happier if I oould only know where she is, even if she were ever so far off." " Ever so far off" she was, if they had only known-in Australia, working hard for her bread, poor ohild ! and fast rising into repntation among the Antipodean playgoers The wonder- ful infant actress " Eva" was quite a sensation at the other side of the world. No one knew any- thing about her. She was not called " Mdlle," or " Miss," or any other name-simp'y " Eva ; " and all sorts of stories ooncering her found their way into the English and American papers. The most generally received report was that she carne of very obsouro parenta indeed, and that the I manager, par excellence, in Australia, had dis- covered her wonderful musical and dramatic abilities by accident, and had, at a great expense, trained and brought her out. A good many mes- sages and negotiations passed between English and Australian agents about the little prodigy, and one or two enthusiastic people actually went over to see her; bat, from some cause or other, " Eva" was not to be had for any English theatre. She was to make engagements for America, New Zealand, India, Japan, or anywhere on the face of the earth but Great Britain ; bat her agent de- clared that if English people wanted to see her they mast oome aoross the water to do it. The soheme had been cleverly carried out, and the little girl was made to appear so thoroughly Australian in all her antecedents that even those who were mourning her loss at home had no sus- picion of the truth. "I'm sick of reading of this 'Eva,'" said Mrs Perrythorne one day, after perusing a long artiole copied from the Melbourne Argus. " I don't believe she's as clever as oar poor little Mara was" " I don't think she oan be," her husband re- plied. " Mara vua a born genius. Depend upon it, little woman we shall see the rights of that affair some day." " I hope we may. Poor little Mara !" Whioh was always the concluding burden of any talk of the missing ohild, whom she still loved very dearly, though with faint hope of ever seeing her again. If it was " Kismet" whioh sent Daryl Canyng- ton and his wife to meet Hans Dertrieohsen at the railway station, it was surely the same fate whioh sent an old Australian paper into Mark Bagnet's hands the summer after his marriage. He bad seen the announcements in the various papers week after week without much interest. Theatrical affairs were not particularly to his taste ; but all of a sudden, in an old copy of the Argus, he saw something whioh made him start up out of the publio house parlour, and hurry home like a man possessed. " Will you sell me this paper ?" he asked of the landlord. " You may have it, and welcome, if it's any good to you," was the reply. " It's been left about by somebody. I don't want it." " Thank you, mate," Mark said. " If the price of round'11 pay for it, you're welcome." And having paid for glasses round for the assembled guests, Mark Bagnet strode off with the dirty newspaper-a rich man in his own eyes. " Home already, Mark !" Emma said, looking up from her work with a glad surprise on her face. " Yes,, dear ! Tve a bit of business afoot," " Business ? What is it ?" " How soon oan yon be ready to go to Austra- lia, my girl ?" " To where ?" " To Australia." " What on earth for ?" " To fetch home that ehild. You'd gd as far, wouldn't you, for her?"* " I'd go to the moon, if 1 could. But have you found her, Mark ? Is she there ?" " I think so-Pm sure of it. She's the Eva we've heard so muoh about. Bead that." And Emma read with a beating heart how a certain dramatic company had met a serious acoident in travelling from Melbourne to Ballarat, amongst those injured being the talented little actress " Eva" Her injuries were not serions, but the paragraph concluded by stat ing that the setting of a broken fingerihad been attended with Borne difficulty, owing to a malformation of the child's hands, two fingers being joined together like a dock's foot, and the doctors averring that the little girl wai too old for any separation to be attempted. " Are you really going ?" asked Emma, when she had read the paragraph. " Really. How soon can you be ready ?" " To-morrow, if you like." " We'll be off by the first ship that sails there, Emma. We can make onr home when we come baok. I'll have another try to recover my master's child. We shall be no losers if it's her ; and if not, why we shall only have been work- ing for the sake of the truest, noblest man that ever breathed. I'll go to Mr Perrythorne at once and tell him; and yon begin to see to things-there's a good lass." Emma's breath was nearly taken away by her lord and master'« impetuosity, but she did his bidding while he went off to the theatre to seek the manager. Hanging about the stage door he found a ragged, ill-looking fellow, of a very suspicious appearance. " What are you doing here ?" he asked. " Minding my own business," was the prompt reply. "Youmind yours.'' " Where do you come from ?" " Launceston Goal. Is that all you want to know ?" " Yes. Don't hang about this door, or you might chonos to be given in oharge." " Don't do that, master. I'm after no harm. I wanted to see the little lass that acts here, that's all. She used to oall me fa'her once." " She's not here my man ; I wish she was Who are you ?" " I'm the man that Mr. Perrythorne bought her of. I'd like to look at her ag'iin, that's al I don't wan't no harm." " Are you Philip the gipsy ?" " I was then." " Come in, man, oome in. You'll be as wel- come as anyone I know in here." he half-led, half-dragged him into the manager's And seizing the astonished man by the arm presenoe. CHAPTER XLIII IN SORRY FLIGHT. My wardrobe wants replenishing; If paffs The wind, roy hat is like to lose its crown ; My robe is all the oovering Zhave ; My shoes ore minus nearly all the soles. -SiierUlm Knowles. ^The hall-keeper of the Theatre Koyal Ply- mouth, was a surly, saapioious man rendered morose and unpleasant in manner from the con- stant worry of his professional duties. A hall keeper's plaoe is by no means a bed of roses in a a busy theatre, where the entrance door is on the swing all day, and people, authorised and un- authorised, are seeking admission under all sorts of pretences, He has to resÍBt the importunities of officious folks, who want to get behind the scenes from cariosity; and the wheedling of ooaxing ones, who want to go in just to speak to dear Miss So-and-so, or who fancy they have business that won't wait with the leading man, or the low comedian, or any one they have ehanced to scrape a bowing acquaintance with. Mr. Perrythorne's omplojé was a very Cerberus in guarding his threshold. He was always there. The dingy little den, with its half-door, served him far kitchen, parlour, and dining room, and malioious people hinted for bed- room as well, for no one was quite sure where he lived, or what became of him when the theatre was shut np for the night. He greeted Mark Bagnet with a surly grunt AS he entered, dragging the wretched-looking tramp after bim He did not like Mark, he wasn't a professional, and he could not under- stand the right oî entrée at all times whioh the manager had so willingly accorded him. " HO'B having queer people about the place," he muttered, as Mark passed in, " very queer. I don't believe any good will come of it ; but then it's no business of mine." " Queer" indeed the gipsy looked now-a more forlorn and dilapidated object could scarcely be imagined. His stay in prison had by no means improved his personal appearance. All his piotnresque look had vanished, and though there was a certain wild beauty still about his dark face, the closely-cropped hair and general gaol-bird aspect there was about him made him look a most degraded and forlorn ob- ject. " Ia the governor in ?" Mark asked. " Not here," was the short answer. " Where is he, then ?" "In front." " Send for him, please. I must see him, and at once." " He won't come now, I'm sure." " I think he will when he knows what I want with him." " Send your message, then," said the hall keeper, who was very curious to know what the business might be. "I'll take great care of it, and not drop it on the road." " Thank you, I'll deliver it myself," Mark re- plied. " You just tell Mr. Perrythorne I want to see him." The manager came in a hurry, and looking rather put out, for, whatever message the hall keeper had chosen to deliver he had made per- emptory enongh. " Ob, it's you, is it ?" he said, looking at Mark and his oompanion curiously '. Upon my word I thought it was fire, or some matter of life and death, by the way I was fetched." " I thought so, too," growled thehall-k'eper, " or I wouldn't have fetched you. And he's in a nice temper, and that chap'll catch it," he chuckled as he saw the frown on his employer's face. " Now, then, what is it ?" asked Mr. Perry- thorne. " I'm very busy, Mr. Bjguet. What do you want ?" " To speak to you, sir." " Speak away ; sit down " " Alone, if you please, sir ; and can this man wait here for a few minutes ? He says you know him." " I don't think I have the honour," said the manuger with a shrug. " I may have. Who are you, my man ?" " Yon did know me onoe,sir," Philip replied. " I was not so badly off then, and besides-" He stopped with a significant shrug of his shoulders, and Mr. Peirythorne recogniaed him by an undefinable something he could not have described. " I do remember you," he said. " I had the pleasure of horsewipping you once, and making a little bargain with you afterwards. You look as if the world hadn't used you particularly well since then. What have you been doing ?" " Nothing." Ah, doing nothing gets people into mischief very often. There's an old hymn about ' idle hands. ' What has the Father of Lies given you to do ?" " No good." " I Bhould think not. You seem to have been going to the devil headlong." " I have." " What was your last halting-plaoe on your journey ?" " Gaol." " Ah, I thought so. You look as if you had got pretty far upon the road." The miserable tramp made no answer for a minute, and Mr. Perrythorne siw tears of utter weariness and misery come into his hunted-look ing eyes. " I don't want to badger you, my man," he said. " Why did you come here ?" " I didn't mean any harm, air," was the quiet answ«r. " I'm starving ; and I thought if I oould get to Bee the little girl you wouldn't be angry if she gave what would get mc a bit of bread and a night's shelter. I'm 'most dead, sir, indeed I am." He looked it. The truth of his story was written in every line of his pinched, starved looking face, and in the glassy glitter of his weary eyes, and the manager gave him a shill- ing. " That will keep you from starving to-morrow, at any rate," he said. " You cannot see the child, beoause she is not here We have lost her, and if you could bring her to me again, I'd give you half Pm worth. I'd lay down ten times what I paid to you to find her now." " She's found, Mr. Perrythorne." It waa Mark Bagnet who spoke, so quietly and unexcitedly that the manager turned round and stared at him, thinking he must have been drinking. " Pound !" " Yes." " Where ? where ? How ?" " I oame to tell you, sir. If you'll send this man away to get some food, I'll come to your room if you please, and tell you. There's a shop across the road," he added, turning to Philip. " You can get some supper there, and oome back here, if Mr. Perrythorne will allow you." " Surely I will," the manager said, and Mark went on. " You shall earn some honest money once more if yon have a mind " " There's no ' if about it, sir," the gipsy said " I'll come back. How long would you like me to be?" " Half an hoar. Come back here then. This man will ahpw you the way to me." They watched him across the road and into the shop, and hinted to the policeman on duty outside that they should like him watched. " Any charge, sir ?" the man asked, scenting out a case. "Oh, no. I do not want him to go away, that is all. Do not interfere with him if he comes back. I only want to see him again." But the gipsy had no intention of running away. Mr. Perrythorne took Mark to his own room, to the great disgust of the hall-keeper, who thought he was going to hear all about it ; and in half an hour they were joined by Philip, refreshed and strengthened, and with % hopeful look npon his face which Beemed to make a new man of him. During his absence, Mark Bagnet had snown the manager the newspaper he had seen, and they were deep in consultation what to do in the matter. " There's not much doubt about it, air," he said ; " the description is exaot." " There's noHe, I should say," Mr. Perry thorne replied " That's our lost Mara, sure enough. We must let Mr. Daintree know at onoe ; and whatever we do, we mast do secretly and gmetly." " How can we let him know, sir ? It won't do to go to Canyngton Magna again. If the others were to see either of us there, they'd suspect something direotly." " I'm afraid they would. We must write to the parson al once." " I don't know that I'd trust the Post Offioe, sir. In those little villages letters get pretty well fingered, and anything with the Plymouth post mark would, may be, get suppressed. They're not very particular, I fancy, what they do." " No, indeed " " That woman there seems up to everything, and able to do what she likes." " There's plenty of money at her command, and those who furnish it bare strong motives i for what they do. We won't trust the Post Offioe, Mr. Bagnet. Yon shall go to some plaoe not very far from Leasholm-say Rugby or Coventry-and telegraph to Mr. Daintree. He 11 be very glad to meet you, I am sure." They were quite right to take preoautions. Mrs. Webber was on the alert, and not a letter went to the rectory in tbose-days of anxiety and suspicion that she did no1 hear of, if not see. But she did not see telegrams, and in the shortest possible time in which Mark Bagnet could make the journey from Plymouth, Mr. Daintree received one from Coventry, begging him to meet the sender at an hotel there. He had news of the lost property, he informed the rev. gentleman. Mabel was Bitting in her hus- band's study when the missive oamo, and stretched out her hand for it, but he seemed not to see her, and thurat it into his pooket. " It is a summons to a meeting at Coventry, dear," he said, in answer to her questioning. " I must go at once, and I shan't get back to- night, so don't sit up for me, little woman." " Oh, Gaston, how tiresome ! What is the meeting about ?" " Well, various things, my dear, which come under the jurisdiction of beneficed olergymen Get my things roady. I must be off by the next train from Leamington, if I can catch it " Mabel grumbled a little inwardly, but she got his bag ready, and lifted up the baby to kiss him as he went away, thinkiog what a very hard worked man the rector of a country parish was. " What would she say if she knew what I was really going about ?" thought Mr Daintree, as he drove to the Station. " She'd worry her- self into a fever if ¡>Qe knew the truth. Bagnet says the missing article is found-that's the child. Heigho 1 I'm afraid that's too good to be true." But when he had listened to all Mark had to say, and had seen the evidonoe of the newspaper, he began to think differently. The appearance of the gipsy Philip seemed a special interposition of Providence in their behalf just at this time : Mark Bagnet had not thought much about Pro- vidence in the matter. Happy chances seemed more in his line, but he agreed that it was very fortunate that some one should turn up in the nick of time, and that some one the only person in the world who could identify the ohild from the time "of Insta Gwynne's death. Mark astonished Mr Daintree by his clear-headed pro- posals of what to do. " We must triok them as they trioked us," he said. " We can't cZai'm the little girl ; they will be prepared for all that, of oourse." " I don't see how we are to get her, then." " Ob, there's a way." "How?" " Steal her." "Steal her!" "Yes; they stole her. If once Iget a chance of paying them baak in tbe,ir own coin, they won't get hold of her again in a hurry, I oin tell them." "I hope yon'll succeed, I'm saro," the rector said " But this will be a costly journey, Mr. Bagnet. Australia is not to be got at for nothing. " No, indeed, sir ; I'm well aware of that. It was about the money I wanted to speak to you I'd give all I've got to get hold of my poor master's child ; and Mr. Perrythorne would do all he could, but he's a good soul, and I fancy he's almost drained dry as it is. I'm afraid all we could both raise will hardly bo enough for what we Bhall want to do." " I will see that the funds are forthcoming," Mr. Daintree said. " I believe you will use the money honestly, Bagnet." " I will, indeed, sir. If yon doubt me, I'll go without it." " Ah, don't get indignant. I'll make it all right. If you fail, or we have all been mistaken, it is but so much money spent, and it won't ruin me. If we are right, and you succeed, you shall be doubly paid for all you have done. I will write to Mr Perrythorne at once, and see you off from Plymouth myself. Who is going besides you ?" "Emma, sir-my wife I mean ; and Mr. Perrythorne and I both think wo ought to take the gipBy Philip. It will ba an extra expense ; bat if it cornea to claiming the ohild and fighting them about it, he's the only person that actually knows her to be the child we want." " You bave thought of everything, Bagnet. Of oourse, he is the very person. Get baok, and get ready as fast as you can, and rely on me for the means of going. I will not fail you " Mark Bagnet thanked Mr. Daintree cordially, and went back to Plymouth with a much lighter heart than when he started, for the want of means for tho expedition had weighed rather heavily upon him. Mr. Perrythorne had spent nearly all he could spare, and his own savings, though a very tidy Bum, would not have gone very far towards meeting the expenses of such a journey. And while the three are preparing for the voyage to the Antipodes on whàtrseemed such a wild-gooso ohase, we will go across the ocean before them, and see how life was going on with the " Child Aotress Eva," as she was called in the bills of the Australian theatres. She was not very happy, poor child ! She was caressed by everybody, and praised by the press as though she were more than mortal. She acted, danced, and sang every night to audiences that applauded to the echo, and had flowers and costly trinkets Sung to her in profusion ; and yet her young life lacked something-the one thing necessary to a ohild's existence-love. The people who said they were her father and mother were not unkind to her ; but they were hard and cold, and seemed to have no natural affection for her, and she could never really be- lieve she was their daughter, and she often puzzled them with sudden questions they did not know how to answer. " Was I born in London, mamma ?" she asked one day. She had brought herself at last to call the faded, unhappy-looking Mrs. Darling by that title. Maggie flushed painfully-she always did when the child questioned her. " Yes, dear," she answered. " And had you never any children but me ?" " Ody the one I told you of, Eva." " Mamma, isn't it a queer thing-" " What ?" aBked Mrs. Darling, for the little girl had stopped suddenly. " That I'm so different from you and papa ? I look in the glass sometimes, and Bee myself ; I'm not a bit like either of you-not a little bit.*" It was a great effort to call Mr. Darling "papa;" sheconld mnoh better say " mamma ;" but she did it, knowing that her obedience and respect made life eaay for poor Maggie. " You will alter, I daresay," her mother re- plied. "Children ohange very much. Many are not at all like their parents; I am not, for one, " But look at me, mamma; Bee how dark I am, and my hair is almost black, and my eyes are brown ; and yoar eyes and papa's are both blue, and your hair like silkworm's silk, and his red-I mean auburn," she added in some con- fusion, Mr. Darling was very sore on the subject of his bair, which was as fiery as well oonld be. "It dosen'tseem right for me not to be like you, does it ?" Mrs Darling laughed nervously. " What an odd child you are," she said. Did | the gipsies teach you all these old fashioned notions ?" " I dont think they tanght me anything," Eva aaid with a shiver, " except to dance, and then hold oat my hand for money afterwards. Am I old-fashioned mamma ? I didn't know I was." " You have odd ideas for a ohild, dear, that's all. Set your heart at rest about being like other people. You are like my father-he was dark-skinned and dark-eyed, like you. So was my brother." " Oh have you a brother, mamma ?" " I had, dear. Heaven only knows whether I have now." "What was he?" asked the child with * interest. " A sailoT, dear." I " And did he go away to sea, and not come baok, like the people in the plajB ?" "Yes." " But they always do come back, with bundles and bags of money, and dance hornpipes, and shiver timbers/' said the ohild with a merry laugh. " He'll oome bick, too-see if he doesn't mamma." CHAPTER XLIV. AFTER LONQ TEARS. Brother, I said I knew thee ; thou forgot'at Thy little sister's fice, to woman grown. But 1 remembered thine enough to feel 'Treas something once had been familiar, dear. -Sheridan Knowles. Mrs. Darling kissed the bright face turned to hers with such a winning look, and smiled through the tears that filled her eyes. " I've given up hoping, dear," she said. " Ah, don't do that, momma. Toll me about him-what was his name?" "Harry, dear; and a goad, kind brother he was to rae, poor fellow." " And I'm like him ?" " A little." " It's nice to think I'm like someone, mamma." The idea seemed to have taken hold of the child with strange force. " Emma uBed to say-'' " Emma who ? Don't speak BO load, Eva ; you'll wake your papa," said Mrs. Darling, in a half-whisper, for her husband waa asleep on the couch, and his wrath, was a thing to be dreaded if he were disturbed. " Emma Bailey 1 She was the woman who used to sew in the wardrobe at Plymouth, and take care of me. Sne said that my eyes and my hand-these funny fingers, you know-oould only belong to one family. She knew who they were, and she told Mr Perrythorne, and-oh, mamma, do you think I shall ever see them again ? I loved them BO " The mention of their names had recalled the happy time she had spent with the kindly manager and his wife, and she burst into a passion of uncontrollable tears and sobs, which made Mr. William Darling rise from the sofa and come to her in a towering rage. He had not been BO sound asleep as they thought, and had heard the latter part of their conversation. " Shut up that din, and look at me," he said " What did I promise you if ever you mentioned Plymouth or those people's names again ? I'm going to give it you now." " Oh no ! ' soreamed the child in affright. " Don't beat me, papa ! I have never spoken of them-nover !" " I heard you just now/' " That was only to mamma," " Your mamma and you are fools, both of you," he said, seizing her by the shoulder ; " and Fm going to make you remember what I say another time." Eva screamed, and Maggie interposed quietly. " Lit her alone, for your own sake," she said ; " if you want her to act well." " I'll serve you the samo for two pins," ho said brutally. " No you wouldn't. It would not serve your purpose to be exposed just now," she said in the same quiet tone. "Let Eva alone; she has only spoken to me, and / am not going to repeat what she said to anyone" Ho let the child go with a shake and an oath. " Don't do it again," he said savagely. " I shan't spare you another time." " I shouldn't want to do it," the little girl re- plied, " if you would write to them, and let them write to me. You would never make me forget them if you killed me, and I should be BO muoh happier if I oould hea? about them sometimes I know the boys would write to me if they knew where to direct to." " I daresay they would," Mr. Darling said to himself; " and a pretty kettle offish there'd be if tliey did. Of course, I've written to them," he said aloud. " A. lot of proud stuck-up beg- gars ; they were too good to answer my letters ; they weren't too proud to keep my child for the Lord knows how long, and make money by her -the mean skunks !" " They're not mean ; they're not proud," re- torted the child angrily. " Mr. Perrythorne tried every way to find out who I belonged to. How dare you say suoh a thing ?" " How dare you talk to me like that," cried Darling,, aiming a blow at her, which was par- ried and partially eaught by his wife. " Don't, Bill," sbo said. " You'll do her a mischief you'll be torry for afterwards " " Don't let me bear another word aboutwhat's gone by then, or I'll mako it worse for you." After this there was nothing for it but for Eva to think as little as Bhe could, poor ohild! of the happy pi'st in England; and to be as obedient as she oould to her new father and mother She had not muoh time for regrets, for her life was too busy. When she was not actually at work she was getting ready for it, and it was only at night when they thought her asleep that she sometimes went back in memory to her old home and shed bitter tears for the friends she had lost. Her life was so lonely now-her parents so re- ticent about themselves on what their former life had been. But the tears of childhood are soon dried, and Eva was generally too tired in body, when she came home, to have muoh thought of anything but rest. William Darling worked her very hard ; ahe waa making a fortune for bim if he had only had the sense to take care of it. Maggie would rather have laid aside something for a rainy day than have lived in the sumptuous style her hus- band ¡pasted on, but she was not allowed to have any opinion in the matter. " It wa9 necessary to keep up an apaearance," he declared ; so as fast as the money caine it went. Maggie and Eva were always thoroughly well dressed, and tbe party occupied handsome lodg- ings, and lived on the best. The future, whioh Maggie always looked upon aB a period of uncer- tainty and gloom, was left to take care of itself. Little Eva wondered about her relations, but she was destined to find one at least very soon, in an unexpected fashion, and to find, moreover, that her own existence was a matter of much surprise to him. Mr Darling carne in from the theatre one morn ning in a very bad temper. " What's the matter ?" asked his wife. " Matter ! Everything at sixes and sevens up at the theatre." " What about." " Oh, Duvernay's ill." Mdlle. Estelle Duvernay was the leading lady of the theatre, who had been sustaining the principal part, after the little star, in Eva's piece. She had grown tired of what she called, " play- ing second fiddle to a brat," and hjd elected to be very ill, and to send a doctor's certificate to the theatre instead of going thither herself. Everyone was oharitable enough to disbelieve it, for Mdlle. Estelle Duvernay, nee Esther Dobbs, and hailing from Cockney Whitechapel, gave herself as many aira as a prima donna at ¿£10Q per night, and resorted to medical certificates on the slightest pretence. However, there waB the doctors hand testifying to " severe illness," and the doctor himself to swear it if necesary ; and there was no Mdlle. Duvernay, nor any- one eligibla to supply her place at so shoit a notice. " What are they going to do ?" asked Maggie anxiously. " Star you," her husband replied shortly. " Me I" " Yes." " But I can't go on forsuoh a part. I havn't played for years." " You'll have to play to-night, or the theatre will close. Don't be a fool, Maggie. You'll do very well." " Oh, I can't, Bill." " I tell you you must. There's no one in the theatre to do it, and I oan't have tbe engage- ment broken for any nonsense of yours. There's the part, and .I'll see about some good dresBes for you. I'll make you up at night ; you won't look quite so like a death's-head on a post, if you're painted properly. Just study the part right off, and I'll see about the rest." Poor Maggie studied, though in a very ner- vous fashion. She had not acted for years, but she had a quick, retentive memory, and managed to be tolerably perfect by the evening. Most of her business in the piece was with the ohild, so that the ordeal would not be so dreadful as it might have been. Her husband refrained from worrying her during the day, and procared some very hand- some dresses for her. It waa to hia interest to do BO, but the poor little woman felt and appre- ciated the kindne.88 as though it had been spon- taneous, and felt as though she could bave studied and worked as hard every day of her life, if " Bill" would only be as kind and gentle with her as be had been for the last few hours. Eva surveyed her critically when she was ready for her evening's work. Maggie was very nervous-quite as nervous as though it were her first appearance before the public; and the child, who had never really known the meaning of stage fright, was rather amused. She was an old actress now, and knew quite well what was right and what waa not in stage attire. " Mamma, you look so pretty and young," she exclaimed, when Maggie was quite ready. ! " You are lovely." | "Not I, dear. I shall never be pretty ¡ again." " Why, this makes yon pretty, mernina-if ; tnere was nothing else," the child returned, I touching her mother's hair, which fell upon her 1 houlderg in a golden shower, the only beauty left to her. " You don't know how proud I am of you !" "Proud! Of me, Eva!" " Yes, indeed, mamma ; and so is papa." " I wish he was, ohild. I'm not much to be proud of," and poor Maggie sighed with sad r membrances ; for there had been a time ^en hers had been a face and form to be vev P100^ of. " He is," returned Eva. " I K.ard him say just now that you were batter woking than he thought, and that there wa»* * a woman on the stage in Melbourne that Jould come mp to you. There, now, think of «a* !" an,i Eva clapped her hands and kis^d her mother with a ljve that had no aotirg in i', for Maggie, had been very kind to her, and she reallj loved the faded worn out woman whom fate had given her for a mother Tfee pieoe, one written expressly for the little star, went better on tbis night than it had ever gone before-maybe, poor Maggie Darling felt more what she had to do than the beflounced and furbelowed yoaog ladies who had played Eva's mother in it hitherto. The last act was full of pretty unstudied pathos, which roused the audience to enthusiasm. Twice the aot drop had to bo raised to allow the audience to see the concluding tableau ; and then they were not satisfied until the moth r and ohild had orossed the stage and curtseyed their acknowledgments in front of the curtain. As tbey disappeared for the last time a slight disturbance arose in front of the house; e broozed and bearded man came poshing his way to the front from one of the back scats of the pit, regardless of the anathemas of the people he j upset in his pro£t~'ss. He seemed to be making right for tho stage, and his eyes were fixed on Maggie. She did not know him, but he apparently knew her, for he came forward till he leaned over the rail of the orchestra, and as she went off he called her by her name " Maggie ?" he said. " It is Maggie ! My sister, Maggie Hurst." Bira. Darling gave a start baok, but recol- lected herself, and went off " It must be my brother," she said to the manager when she got behind " I hope I din not seem foolish ; but I have not seen him for many years, but it was his voioe." " Not at aU my dear," he 6aid blandly " These little surprises and unrehearsed effects do no barm sometimes I congratulate you, I am sure, if it is your brother. Ah, here comes the gentleman," he said, as the stranger entered the green room, piloted by the hall keeper. " Really a very pleasant and touching rencontre." The man with the big bushy beard and the brown face was in very deed Maggie's long-lost brother. He had been here and there, up and down the world, in sailor fashion, and thus had come upon his sister ia perhaps the last place under the sun io which he would have looked for her--stage of#an Australian theatre. Maggie's joy was inexpressible, and Harry, for BO she called her brother, promised to go home with her, and tell her all about himself, I as soon as she had changed her drees. I "Get out of all that frippery," he said with something of disgust; "and make yourself the j trim little lass I remember you. I shall begin to feel you are my little Maggie then." ! " I'm only a poor faded creature, Harry, out i of my finery," Maggie aaid with a 6igb. " The robes of the Countess make a wonderful differ- ence I can tell you." " You'll be my sister all the same, my dear I saw my mothei's face on the stage yonder under all the paint." " May I come in, mamma ?"' asked Eva's voioe outside. "Mamma!" said the sailor, looking puzzled. "Who's this ?" na Eva ran into the room. "My little girl, Frank." " Yours ?" "Yes, mine. Miss Eva Da.ling A very important person I oin assure you." " Your child, Maggie ! Why, she must be seven or eight years old." " Well, I'm old enough to be her mother, if she was ever so much older than that. But I forget, of oourse you couldn't know I was mar- ried, or anything about me. That's my hus- band talking to the manager out there." " Yes, of oourse," said Harry Hurst ; but there was a puzzled look upon his face, and be looked at Eva very oddly. " Of course, if she's your ohild, she's my nieoe-and a pretty little niece she is, too. She's more like me than you Maggie. She's as dark as a Creole." "Im not a bit like mamma, am I ?'' said the child. " She told me I was like you, uncle. Uncle what?" she added, naively. " Uncle Harry, my dear. Come here and talk to mo while mamma dresses herself." She went to him and sat upon his knee, with- out the slightest hesitation, for talented and famous as she was, she had lost none of the pretty childish ways which made her so oharm ing, and she dearly loved to be petted and caressed. They were friends at once, and she chatted familiarly to him while she played with some Eastern trinkets whioh hung to his watch chain. " No, you'ro not a bit like your mamma, my dear," he replied in answer to her question " Not in any way. So you are my niece, and a 1 very famous, clever little girl. Who'd have | thought it now ? The very first person I heard of when I stepped ashore was ' Eva.' 1 was told I must see ' Eva,' and she turns out to belong to me." " It's funny," said the ohild " Mamma was telling me about you only the other day, and saying I was like you." "Then I don't see it, exoept in the oolour. So you are a great actress, little Eva; and dance, and sing, and all that." " Yes." " And play the piano ?" The child shook her head with a little sigh. " No. I can't do that," she said." " Why ? Don't they tcaoh you ?" ? " They would if I could learn ; bat I oan't not like other people." " Why not ?" " I know the notes, and I can pick out tunes I with one hand, bat I can't spread out the other one-look here." She laid her little white hand in his brown palm, and spread it out It was perfeotly shaped and equal in size to the other, but a thin membrane joined the second and third fingers up to the first joint. The defeet was not visible, unless the band was spread out. "Child, how did you come by that?" he said, looking earnestly from her face to her hand " I don't know," she said. " I was bom so, mamma says. Isn't it fanny ? I wish it wasn't so. Papa says it Ought to be out open, and that it would be well directly; bat mamma doesn't like to have it done, neither do I. It frightens me to think of it." " Papa 1" said Harry Hurst. He hardly seemed to have heard what the child was saying. " Mr. Darling-that's my papa," she said, and his quick ear caught a tone in her voioe that sounded like doubt. Again he scruti- nized her face attentively. " What does it all mean ?" he muttered, " but, no-I won't question the child. It wouldn't be a fair and above-board thing to do. There's a mystery in tha matter somewhere ; and I'll get to the bottom of it, or my name's not Harry Hurst." Maggie was not long changing her dress, and came down with her face radiant with joy, and looking young and brighter than Eva had ever seen her. " You'll stop with us tonight, Harry," Bhe said as they went out. " Oh, yes." " And longer I hope." " Yes ; I've a few dayB to spare. I was going to have a Bpree, but I didn't think of seeing you here. Can you take me in ?" " Yes ; we've a spare room." They went home, and Mr. Darling left them, Baying he would leave Maggie to talk to her brother, and betook himself to the more congenial company to be found at the nearest Bpirit-bar. Eva was dismisaed to bli after sapper ; her ro:>m opened off the diniog-room, and she lay half-sleeping, half-waking, listening in a dreamy sort of way to what they were say iog. They talked of things long past-their dead parents-their old companions ; and at length something was said which made the child start up wide awake and anxiona to hear more, for they spoke of her. _' (To be continued.) The Illauarra Mercury of the 10th says: We regret to learn that a valuable orchard on the Bulli Mountain, and owned by Mr. W. Dumbrell, of that place, was destroyed by fire on Sunday last. The orchard was of an extent of about ten acres, and as nearly, all the valuable trees planted there were destroyed, the loss to the owner is very considerable indeed. 