HALVES BY JAMES PAYN. acidor -o? dost' sir mass1nocero, a perieci tressere, at her mekcv, xc. . xc. Chapter XIII. — The Accusation. . Although 1 have spoken of brother AIcc as an invalid, he was not such in the ordi nary acceptation of the term ; for, although ho denied himself to guests, ho came down to every meal, and was treated iu every re spect bb usual by his hostess, which, 1 am sorry to say, was with no respect at all. It was not to he expected that much fuss should be made about a " poor relation," who felt a little out of sorts, but it scorned shameful that her tongue should bo just as rancorous against the poor old gentleman, in his present depressed and feeble state, as though he had been in good health. Evon the school-bully holds his hand when his victim is sick. "So, Air. Alexander," observed Airs. Rae- burn at dessert that evening, and imme diately after the servant had withdrawn, "you have been tolling pretty tales to Mr. Hastings. I hear." This was evidently a feeler ; some sus picion probably still lingering iu lier mind that the rector might have learnt more than he chose to tell. . "Tales, madam? I had no tales to tell," answered poor brother Alec, in tones that, for all my pity for him, remiuded me of tlie needy knife-grinder in Canning's ballad. "Oh, indeed," was the snappish reply ; "then I suppose Mr. Hastings iuveuted them. You want to see the doctor, it seems, aud make complaints that your wish has not been anticipated." " Indeed, madam, there is some mistake. I 'never expressed any such wish to Air. Hastings. No doctor would do mo any good; no, no." The pathos of his words, which pierced every heart but one, only added fuel, I could see, to Airs. Baeburn'a fire ; but he went on, unconsciously of that, with his humble apology. "'Tliorc is nothing the matter with me, Hastings,' I said. 'I am not ill.'" ' "You look ill then," exclaimed his hostess with acerbity, " and that is exceedingly un pleasant. ' Why dosen't he cut oil" that dreadful beard, ' said Mr. Hastings, which makes our friend look so ghastly ?' I wish you would, Air. Alexander ; I have always said I disliked it." Cruel and insolent as were her words, the voice and manner with which she spoke them wore even still more harsh. A faint flash crept over the old man's white face, as he cost — it was very rarely that he did so now — a mute appealing glance at his brother. Atark shuffled in his choir uneasily. ' Alatilda, I think you are going too far," ie said, "in meddling with my brother Aleo. It cannot make any difference to you whether he wears a beard or not. He is not your husband — eh, Aleo?" (hero tho attorney gave a ghost of a laugh). " Ho is old enough, my dear, to oliooso for himself whether he shall shave or not, I suppose." "I only echoed Air. Hastings's very reasonable remark," replied Mrs. Raeburn, more' mildly; not influenced probably so much by her husband's appoal, as moved for the moment by tho displeasure evident in Gertrude's face, and the disgust (I hope) expressed by my own. " A beard, as I always said, does not become Air. Alexander; and iu every oase it is an outlandish and un necessary appendage. I'cople of position can, of course, he as eccentric in their ap pearance as they please ; but that is certainly not your brother's case. I have heard you say, myself, that it is absurd in the chemist's assistant to wear muBtachios. I mean nothing offensive, but I object to it on principle, as incongruous and unseemly. Of course Air. Alexander will do as ho likes, but I have expressed my sentiments." Here Gertrude rose from her chair iu in dignant protest : it was her intention to have walked straight out of the room, in sign that she would ho no longer witness to her cousin's humiliation ; hut Airs. Rae burn, affecting to misunderstand her, and to have herself given tho signal for retreat, rose with her, aud they quitted the apart ment together. "Mark," said brother Alec, "you heard what your wife has said to me ; what am I to do 5" His voice, though gontlc, was very steady, more ' so than it ever had been since the change had occurred in his position in tho house. The attorney helped himself to a wliolo glass of brandy— he made no stranger of his brother now in that respect — aud then answered, " I should ploase myself, A,lec, You heard what 1 said to Alatilda. I would say as much again and more. It is I who have prevented her sending away your parrot. 1 had a great figlit for that, and she is at me about it almost every night." " Do not make your fife unhappy on my account, Alark," was tho quiot rejoinder. " You mean me well, hut you are not strong enough to help me. How can I expect it, when you cannot even help yourself " I don't know what you tnean, Alec," replied the attorney, with an angry flush. "I am master in my own house, I hope. But, of course, there are some tilings in which one's wife will have her way ; at least, that is so in England, however mat ters are managed in Peru." " I see," said tho other coldly. "You say 'you see,' my dear Alec," laughed the attorney, on whom the liquor had begun to have an effect, " as if seeing was not believing ; but was it not so ? Did yon not find your Peruvian wife rather in clined to take the hit in her mouth, eh, like Alatilda ?" " My wife is .dead, Mark. "When alive, she was quite a different person from my sister- in-law." "Well, you see, you don't lilt it off, you two ; and it's a sad pity. Matilda is naturally masterful, and you having no profession are always at home with her, and liable to her little onslaughts. It's a good thing for a married man to have a calling, if it's only that it gives him a loop hole through which lie can make himself scarco occasionally. I could defend you well enough— I've proved it to-night — if I could be always by. Alee ; hut I have no doubt she worries you when 1 am away. As for your benrd— 1 say again she lias no hnsiness to dictate such a thing — bnt if I were in your place, and loved peace and quietness better, I'd cut it oil', Then, per haps, she will he pacified, aud not pitch into mie again for a night or two about tlio bird." Thf unreserve with which the attorney was accustomed to discuss liis domestic affairs, and especially when ho hod been taking his favorite liquor, had long ceased to astonish me ; bnt 1 hud never heard liiui confess his wife's supremacy so openly as on this occasion. I think lie hail nerved himself thus to uequaiut his brother, once for all, that lie was powerless to help him. The little show of bitterness which the other had made in that "she was quite u different person from my sistei- in-law," had annoyed tho henpecked man aud supplied him with the fillip fie needed; and he effected his object, since to my know ledge brother Alec never made appeal or lemonstrance to him again. Except in matters relating to his own profession, wherein Mark was singularly discreet, and indeed so reticent in commu nicating them that I suppose no articled clerk ever learned less law than 1 did during the space of time that I remained underbis tutorship, he was, as I have said, by nature open and unreserved ; this characteristic was shared by his son John, in whom it was even heightened by a total want of perception of the necessity of concealment ; while Airs. Raeburn, from long habit of despotic rule, rode rough, shod over everybody, and gave herself no trouble to put the velvet glove on her iron lingers. Thus it happened that, though but a youthful student of human nature, the proceedings of tho Raeburn family — for poor brother Alee was a character one might run and read— and even their mo- tives, were as clear to mc as though I had been a Macbinrelli. Nor was Gertrudo Floyd any enigma to mo by this time ; although no vows had been interchanged between us, I felt myself securo of her affections, and fondly hoped that only patience was needed on my part to enjoy a happiness of which I nevertheless acknow ledged myself undeserving. Every day brought for me some new proof — such as that tacit, hut pointed remonstrance she had made against the treatment of her poor, cousin— of her generosity and spirit ; and I watched her ripening charms of mind and body as the child watches the peach that has been promised to him ripening on the garden wall, without a thought of the canker-worm, or of the thiof. Indeed, who could he the thief in this case, oven in design, save tho volatile John, of whose rivalsliip I knew 1 need en tertain no fears ? Thus then stood matters at tho Priory, when a circumstance occurred which placed the unhappy dependent on his brother's bounty in even a more humiliat ing position than he bad yet occupied, while it also threatened to deprive him of the sympathy entertained for him by those who claimed to be his friends. This sym pathy was just then at its height, since tlio poor fellow had actually submitted to the personal degradation suggested by his implacable hostess, and parted with bis vennrable heard. 1 am aware of the ludi crous ideas that such a sacrifice cannot but suggest. " 'Che manly growth that fringed his chin " is a line which tries tho gravity of even the readers of an epic ; and how, thcrofore, is it possible to make snch matters serious in plain prose ? Yet the personal indignity it inflicted on brother Alec, considering his age, aud kinship, and forlorn condition, was as great as it is possible to conceive, and stirred the in dignation of all beholders — fortunately by this time confined to the family circlo. There was one feature in the case that might have moved even Mrs. Raeburn her self, had she not been as emotionless as a millstone — namely, that the change thus wrought in the old man's appearance brought out his likeness to her son in the most ex traordinary manner. The linos and wrinkles in the old man's face wore already mirrored in that of the young ono, produced there, 1 fancy, partly by his tricks of grimacing; and now that the dignity which tho beard always gives to the aged was gone, there was really littlo but the grey head — except that the depressed and broken manner con trasted strongly enough with John's upstart and graceless ways — to distinguish uncle from nephew. However, "jWell, Air. Alexander, I call that a great improvement ; you really do look now like a civilised being," was all tha remark that tlio old man's compliance with her wishes drew from his sister-in-law. If ho had hoped to conciliate licr by his obe dience he was mistaken indeed. A few days after this a letter arrived by the afternoon's post for Airs. Raeburn, the contents of which (for it happened that she received it at the dinner-table) appeared to all eyes to disturb her exceed ingly. " What is it, Alatilda ?" inquired the at torney anxiously. He was always anxious about lettors, hut of late months I had noticed that this habit had greatly' increased with him. Ho did not drink more than usual in my presence, hut I had a suspicion that he had taken to do so more and more in private, and that his nerves were begin ning to be affected . " Never mind just now, Mark ; you will all lionr soon enough," was liis wife's reply, delivered in her most rigid tone ; and pre sently, when the servant had left tho room, wo did hear. "Air. Alexander," she said, with stately calm, "1 have received a communication within tho last half hour which concerns you nearly, and myself in a more remote degree. Am I favored, sir, with your at tention ?" This question, which was shot out with amazing sharpness, startled brother Alee not a littlo, IIo had grown so accustomed to he tho object of his sister- in-law's remarks, which partook largely of tho style of a judge's address to the prisoner at the bar, and always ended in a pretty severo sentence, that ho rarely raised his head when she addrcssod liim, hut he looked up now with a grave and deprecating air, and said, " I am quite at your service, madainc, I assure you." " So you say, sir, and so yon would have others believe, I know. It is part of your plan to ho always submissive and yielding. It has brought you a great deal of sympathy in this house, and, which no donbt you also intended, considerable opprobrium npon myself. As for me, however, I have cared nothing for that, since I have been actuated solely by a sense of duty. I made a toler able guess at your character when I first set eyes upon you." "Alatilda!" exclaimed tho attorney in mild expostulation, for cither from weak ness or want of will ho now hardly held up the shield at all between liis brother and these cruel darts. "Alatilda, I am sur- priEod at you." "You will he more surprised at that man there " — and she strotehed out lier skinny arm and pointed to brother Aloe across the table — "when I have told you what I havo just now heard about him. I havo incurred much odium, I say, upon this gentleman's account, becauso I read him from the first, and was therefore not disposed to spoil and humor him. I have never permitted him — and I am now most thankful to say it — to have his own way in this house, though, 1 trust, I have not forgotten that ho was my husband's brother." "A little more than kin and Ibsb than kind," murmured brother Aleo, softly. " I daresay," continued Mrs. Raebnrn, contemptuously, " you would not be so glib with your quotations, sir, if you knew what wascomiug." Her dislike of her poor re lative was so excessive that she could not prevent herself froin flying at him in this cat like manner, which seriously compromised the dignity of lier judicial touc. " The time lins come, Air. Alexander," she con tinued, more solemnly, "for the correct ness of my judgment to be established. It seems that we have not only harbored an impostor in this house, Afavk, in the person of your injured brother yonder, but a com mon thief." An exclamation of horror broke from every lip save that of the accused. The color came into his face, as it had often done under his sister-in-law's insults, and his thin white hands, which were peeling an orange— it had been the smallest on the dish, and had a spot ot green mould upon it — trembled ex cessively ; but he did not even lift his eyes. " This is monstrous, Matilda ; there must he seine mistake," ejaculated the attorney. "Alistake!" echoed sho, with a hitter laugh. " Look at the man, sitting there without a word to say for himself, and judge. for yourselves." "I will answer for him, Airs. Raeburn," exclaimed Gertrudo, boldly. "If it is a mistake, or if it is not a mistake, it is a false hood." " I am quito of Miss Floyd's opinion," said I. " It is a most infamous charge, whoever made it." " It's worse than that," observed John ; " It's actionable ; and you had better look out, mother." Airs. Raeburn regarded us with com placent contempt. "The mistake, or falsehood; as you so delicately put it, Gertrude, is at least none of mine," said she ; "you shall hear whose it is, then judge whether it ia likely to be correct or not. Three or four days ago I wrote to the Zoological Society in London, offering to dispose of a Peruvian night parrot ; and this is the official reply I re ceived this afternoon : — " ' Madam, — In reply to your communi cation of the 15th instant, I am instructed to acquaint you that the bird of which you speak is already the property of the Zoological Society, from whom it was stolen some six months ago. It should have arrived at Southampton by the Java — tho vessel you camo in, I believe, Air. Alex ander — on tho ISth of October last. Tho parrot had been bespoken from Peru, and our agent went down to tho port in order to receive it, but found ' " That the bird had - flown," interpolated the irrepressible John, in close imitntion of his mother's manner. "Silence, sir," exclaimed she, so vehe mently, that John fell back in liis cliair with the air — a trifle exaggerated — of a gentleman who has been shot through the head. " ' But found that the bird had been already conveyed away by a passenger. Yon are quite correct as to its value, and it is the fixed determination of the society to recover their property. Your hrother-in- law, they havo no doubt, received it iu igno rance that it had been unlawfully come by ; hut unless it is instantly restored to them, without charge, and with a satisfactory ex planation of how he became possessed of it, they will ho compelled to communicate with the police. Should any accident happen to the bird in the meantime, they will hold liim responsible in the sum of one hundred pounds. ' "You will not deny, I suppose, Air. Alexander, that you were the passenger who took that bird away from the ship V" "Alark," said brother Alec, softly, "your wife asks me whether I am a thief. Can you not answer for mo even that far?" "Of course, my dear, Aloe, of course; but why can't you answer for yourself? Nothing ean surely be easier. It's a simple question of fact, you know." With a gentle sigh the old man turned to his hostess. "If, then, I ncods must say so, inadam, I did not steal the bird." "Do not prevaricate, sir. 1. did not ask you that question. What 1 asked was, Were you not the passenger referred to, who brought that parrot from the ship ? " " I was, madame ; but I did not steal it." " That is another subterfuge. Can you ac count for its possession ? How came you by tho bird ? Can you tell us that ?" And Airs. Raeburn looked around lier triumphantly ; she piqued herself on her powers of cross- examination, before which many a domestic had snccumbod in tears. "You wish to hoar how I came by Chico !" answered the old man, quietly. "Nay, madam; I will not tell you tlir.t." " You will not ? That means you dare not I" Brother Alec's palo face worked convul sively. It was Boms time before he found voice to say : "You have my answer, inadam, and it is final." "Very good, Bir, perhaps you willbemoro communicative to the police. Tho parrot will bo sent to-morrow morning to its rightful owners. I am sorry, for your sake, that the serpents have been destroyed (she had caused boiling water to he ponred into tlicir boxes through the hole in the fid), since a donation of them might have been consi dered in the way of amends. As to an explanation of how you became possessed of the bird, I have only one to offer." "But, Airs. Raeburn — " appealed Ger- trude. "No, Gertrudo, I must decline to listen to you. The matter is too serious to be made tho subject of sentimental interference. If, as I guess, you were about to propose to pay tlio hundred pounds for this worthless follow, I will not permit it; that would be, as my husband will toll you, to compound a felony. Tho Zoological Society may, per haps, be content with the restitution of their property ; hut I am not going to run tho risk of seeing the officers of the law enter my doors in search of a felon. After to-day your brother will find a home for himself elsewhere. lie shall stay no longer under this roof. " "But this is being very precipitate, Alatilda," remonstrated tho attornoy. "Precipitate do yon call it, Mr. 'Raeburn, when this man has been our guest hero the better part of a year — eating and drink ing of the best ? It was through my weakly yielding to your wishes that I have har bored him so long, not to mention liis bird, which is not his, it seems, nor ever lias been. I must assert myself for once, Alark, as the mistress of the house. Yon must take your choice between your wife and him ; for either he or I leave this roof to-morrow." There was not much doubt as to which of tho two would have to go. Chapter XIV.— AIhs. Raeburx has Alts- oi vinos. If I had not been a mere lad at the time of which I am speaking, I think I might have felt a greater pity for Mark Raeburn than oven for his unhappy brother. As it was, the spectacle of that bowed and broken man, defamed (fori never believed himguiltyoftlio paltry crime of which liis sister-in-law had accused him), disgraced, anil menaced with expulsion from tho only roof on which ho had a claim for Blielter, monopolised all my compassion. 1 would have written at once to my uncle Hastings, upon whom I could count to afford his old friend at least a temporary home at Staubrook, but some instinct warned lue in the first place to consult " Brother Alec" himself upon tho point. After that painful scone at table,' however, he had withdrawn himself into liis own room, and when I knocked at the door, and said I had a few words to say to him, he answered, " Write them down." Accordingly I did so, and pushed the paper under tho door. A minute after wards it was unlocked, and the old man stood before me. He had evidently been seeking comfort from Chico, who, standing on liis shoulder, appeared to be adminis- terinn it at that moment in his ear, and with some success ; or perhaps it was the sense that I was gemiiuely interested in his well-being that had called up a smile on his cfiapfallen face. Through the half opened door 1 coiffd see, sitting as thougli on guard, on tlie chair by his little desk (which ho had never, by-the-by, been seen to use), the redoubtable Fury, with bowed legs aud tumed-ont toes. The dog looked more hideously truculent than ever ; the bones and scraps, which, since his master's fall, had taken the place of those succulent beefsteaks, had not quenched his spirit ; hut he graciously acknowledged my presence by blinking liis bleared eyes and moving his stump of a tail just once, much as one coachman salutes another with his elbow. On tho floor were the two empty boxes in which the serpents had been done to death ; and on the mantel piece hung the cold and ash'-ess pipe which had been brother Aleos solace in so many troubles, hut was denied him now. Smoking in the hcuao, much less in bis room, was strictly forbidden under the new regime ; and indeed, if it had not been so, it was a question whether he possessed the money wherewith to purchase tobacco. "Your note is kindly meant, Air. Shed- don," said he, holding out his thin fingers, " and I thank you for it. But to have written it was an imprudence. Nothing offends the powerful so much as tho aidiDg those who have inenrred their displea sure." I answered him, honestly enough, that I did not estimate Airs. Raeburn's dis pleasure at the value of one of her own bottles of ginger wine ; and that I felt very sorry and distressed about what had happened. " Well, it was still kind in you — very — young sir, if no imprudence," replied he, earnestly. "You must not write to your uncle in my behalf ; hut yonr suggestion is nevertheless of servico to me. If 1 were to call at Stanbrool: to-morrow morning, the rector would be at home I suppose ? " "Yes," said I, eagerly, "and I am sure will be most pleased to welcome you, not as a caller only, but as a guest. Airs. Has tings, like myself, has a great regard for yon." A sad smile flickered on the old man's faoe. "Aye ; that is tho chief thing, lad, is it not ? We may mean well to our friends, but tho wife must mean well too, for any thing to come of it beyond fair speeches." Then when I did not unswer, since I knew that he was referring to his brother, " Good night, once more I thank you," said he, and gently closed the door. His words set me thinking of tlio attorney, and caused mo to take note of his behavior more than usual when I went downstairs. It was clear that Mark Raeburn was very ill at ease. Ho had been beaten by his better half, bnt lie was not submissive. He had not the courage to make an attempt to recover his Alsace, but he very openly showed his resentment for its loss. He manifested an unwonted disposition for bickering, as if striving to assert in small matters the authority lie had lost in great ones. Airs. Raebnrn, on the other hand, was yielding ; she reminded me of some full-grown person who holds a door against which a child is pushing — she let him have his way a little, knowing thnt she had only to put her foot down to ncgativo all his puny efforts. As a general rule, she had not patience enough to sustain a hypo critical part ; her liigh-priucipled arguments, as compared with her high- handed acts, wera but as a halfpennyworth of bread to an in tolerable amount of sack. But that night her utterances would have formed headings for the pages of a moral copy-book. Afoek she could not be, but alio was virtuous and didactic to a degree that she had uevcr before approached, ami I could see John taking copious notes of the performance for future representation. Sploshed and flooded with moral aphorisms, the attorney still con trived to keep the embers of his wrath alivo, and as his wife was retiring from tlie draw- ingroom, he fired this parting shot : "Alind, Alatilda, I will not liavo that letter written to-morrow." "What lotter?" inquired she, putting down her candlestick and confronting him. " That letter you meant to send to Lon don about the bird." "I nevor told you I was going to send a .letter." "No, but I know it, nevertheless. If there is anything wrong about Alec's con- duet, which nobody believes- who knows him, except yourself, it shall not he hunted out by you." " Do you suppose, then, that my own sense of the family disgrace, sir, would not.keep me silent?" "Yes, I do ; when yon dislike a person you stick at nothing." " John, what has yonr father been drink ing to-night?" inquired Mrs. Raebnrn, sig nificantly. "Nothing, ma'am; it is native spirit," added John, in a lower but by no means inaudible tone. To do him justice, in all these domestic quarrels John was always on the side of the weak — that ia, on liis father's side. " It is not my intention to write a lottor, Air. Raeburn," continued the lady, once more taking up tho candlestick, hut this time with a trembling hand. " Whatever my sense of public duty may have dictated in the enso of that unhappy man upstairs, I could not so far forget the connection which unhappily exists between us, as to consign liim, by my own act, to a felon's doom." Despite the attorney's nor/ habitual potations, he had still gleams of liis native astuteness, and it is iny opinion that his wife had had the intention in her mind with which he had taxed her, otherwise the sense of defeat implied in her tone and manner would not have been so marked ; an incautious pluase which she qdded, as alio swept out of the room, corroborate'1 this view. "At all events, mind this, Air. Ra-sburn, that that bird goes back to its rightful owner to-morrow morning," But when the morning came, neither the bird nor his master were to be found ; the bed had apparently been slept in, aud liis dog was still sleeping, as usual, beneath the bed ; but brother Alee had left the liouso along with his feathered favorite. I guessed at once that he liad started thus early for Stanbroolc, taking Chico with him to insure its safety (for nobody who valued liis fife would have meddlod with Fury); but 1 kept that information to myself, and watched Mrs. Raeburn's troubled face with no little satisfaction. For sotno reason or other, this sudden flitting of her brother- in-law was unwelcome to her. Perhaps she resented his not waiting at the I'riory until he should havo been turned out of it ; or perhaps she feared the gossip of tho servants' hall, for her classic brow was gloomy throughout the morning meal, aud lier tongue maintained an unwonted silence. Her husband liad given expression to one pregnant remark ; — " Well, madam, I hope you are satisfied at last, since you have driven my own brother out of my house," to which she had responded nothing ; and now the attorney was silent also. " Don't you think," John observed in nocently, "that it would he well to drag the pond ?" But oven to that valuable suggestion, designed, doubtless, to put everybody at their ease, there was no re sponse. In giving reins to her disliko for her late unhappy guest, Mrs. Raeburn had committed, what was not unusual with her when lier prejudices were excited, a great social mistake, and she herself had become aware of it. It would have been a much wiser, although not a less cruel course, to have graduated her proceedings against brother Aleo, ami to have rendered her bouse uncomfortable rather than in tolerable to him. His present abrupt de- purture from it was likely to have quite as ill an effect in the neighborhood, as though the fact of his poverty, and tho family failure in the way of expectation, had been publicly proclaimed. As for me. knowing that he was where ho would he well cared for, I was well content to miss tlie old man's woe-worn face, and to he spared the witnessing liis humiliation ;. hut. it was sad to watch the melancholy of Gertrude, to whom 1 had had no opportunity of revealing whither he had gore, and who sat with her uutasted food before her, full of piteous thoughts. When the front door bell was heard to ring, she started up in haste, then sat down again, white and- trembling ; .John's, mischievous words bad, I think, taken possession of her mind, and she was apprehensive of some fatal new3. However, nothing had arrived but the post, which generally brought many business letters for Air. Raebnrn, which, after a glance at their superscription, he generally took with him unopened into the office. On this occasion there was one for Airs. Raeburn, the official seal of which let her know at a glance from whence it came. "This ia no fault of mine, Alark, under stand," said she, holding it in her hand ; " but here is a letter from the Zoological Society." That sho should have thought it necessary to mako excuses for herself showed how greatly dissatisfied she was with the course events were taking. "Pass it lioro," said the attorney, gruflly. " I suppose it will devolve on mo to get us out of the scrape into which yonr meddling has brought us." "Don't say ns, I hog," was tho lady's haughty reply, as she for onco obeyed her lord ; " because your brother steals a bird "Idiot!" exclaimed tho attorney, start ing to his feet with an oath. " What irreparable ruin has your temper brought us ?" " Idiot ! temper ! ruin!" repeated Mrs. Raeburn, in a voice trembling with rage and apprehension, "are you mad, Mark?" " Yes, madam, or nearly so, thanks to you. Read this. No, I will read it myself aloud, siuce it is only just thnt my brother Alec should be proved guiltless of this stupid charge in the presence of the same persons before whom you accused liim ; — " 'Aladam, — I have tho great pleasure of informing you that the unpleasant surmises which we were compelled to entertain re specting yonr brother-in- law's possession of the night-parrot about which you wrote to us, have been wholly removed, and in the most satisfactory manner. The bird that died bad been bespoken by the Society from Lima, and was expected by the Java, it seems, at that port before the vessel sailed ; while, from inquiries we liave insti tuted, it turns out that, by a curious coinci dence, another specimen of this rare genus, tho property of tbegreatPeruvianmercliaut, Air. Pittsburg, came over in that very ship, and was doubtless presented by that gentle man to Mr. Alexander Raeburn. I am di rected by tho committee of the society to express its deep regret for the unfortunate error into which it has been led, and to apologise for the same.' " " Well, I am sure it is a great satisfac tion to all of us that the imputation upon Alv. Alexander's moral character ha3 been thus satisfactorily removed," observed Airs. Raeburn. She turned towards Gertrude, not so much in appeal to her, I believe, as to avoid her husband's gaze, which was fixed upon her with rigid displeasure, and Gertrude answered coldly : " For my part, Airs. Raeburn, I nover needed any proof of my cousin's innocence." "Nor did any ono else iu their senses," exclaimed tho attorney, vehemently. " Thank you, sir ; since, however, you havo already culled mo an "idiot, this new compliment is a mere redundance," observed Mrs. Raeburn. It was surprising tome that, under the provocation alio had received, she used such lino language, which it was her custom to do only when her temper was under control; hut the fact was that her keen intelligence liad at once guessed the full signification of the letter thnt had just been read, and understood the cause of the un wonted lire that gleamed in her husband's eyes. 