MISS ANGEL By Miss Thackeray. Chapter XXI. — " Musicians 'Waiting . Enter Servants." Lady W.- had hot spared thought and trouble to make her ball go off with all the brilliancy o£ wax and fire, of minuet anil country dance, of beauty dressed to best ad vantage, and music playing in time to digni fied graces ; servants without number were standing about the doors displaying their masters' gold-braided ambitions and bright- colored liveries. Do Horn s green lacqueys were conspicuous among them ; they carried wands in their bands and wore huge nose- gays. The park was lighted by torches, lamps were hanging along the avenues that led to the house. A crowd stood outside the iron gates, cheering occasionally as the long names and the splendors and persons be longing to each came driving up. I think people were less blase then than they are now, and thought more seriously upon certain subjects. Dancing, for instance, and powdering, and postures took up a great deal of time ; so did conversation and cor respondence — of all of which exercises our. own generation seems somewhat impatient, as it hurries on its way curtailing with small ceremony. Miss Angel started iu her grand equipage to take her part in all tho State ceremonies, and her father put on his old cloak and pre pared to follow into the crowd to have tho glory of seeing his child pass into the para dise of lords. The Princess of Brunswick was to be there and other great personages. Little llosa begged so hard to be allowed to go too, that as it was a fine November night shining with many stars and crossed by no chill winds, tho old man consented to it, and the little girl started clinging to his hand and dancing with delight along the pave ment. I suppose"' to one or two people pre sent or the crowd within or without every ball is delightful; certainly little Iiosa in her outer darkness was as happy as any of tho splendid and lighted-up ladies within — far happier than Angel herself, who had como in a strange and depressed stato of mind. By degrees (it often happens after depression) her spirits rose wildly. If a new gown, plenty of music, smooth polished floors, admiration, and half a dozon persons at. her elbow, could make her happy, these elements were not wanting. Antonio was gone, Mr. Reynolds had lcft her, but all theso vanities remained. People, talk . of fleeting woildlinoss ; it seemed to - be the one thing that sho could count upon. Friondsliip left her in a fury love made. a speech , and , walked out of the room ; but hero was faithful frivolity, and vanities unchanging ; hero were partners and compliments, here was Do Horn unremitting in courteous attention. Since other things were not for her, she would take what sho could hold. Was Frivolity a divine goddesss after all ? was this to bo the cxpcrionco of her life, to find divinity in one thing after another. At times during that eventful evening Miss Angel's laughtor and spirits were almost wild, but at others she drooped. There was anxiety in tho air ; the secret feolings of tho last few months seemed mingling with tho scene before her. Almost the first person she saw as she came into the room was Mr. Beynolds talking to one of ., the beautiful Ladies' IValdegravo. Ho came up to her, and held out his hand with a gentle doprecating look,' Sho hardly knew how to respond ; there was ' a dazzle of lights before her eyes, of music in her ears. She turned away quickly, and just realised the fact that Lady Diana, who was in crimson and looking greatly bored, was beckoning to her to come and Btand ; by . „ her sido. From their corner the two ladies could sco into tho great dining-room, which'had been decorated and turned into a daucing-haU. . Ah arch had been opened into tho little octagon room, Miss Angel's late retreat. Hcr'bedroom had been , transformed into a retiring boudoir, with lamps and low divanB ; almost nil tho windows were . un shuttered, and tho lights on tho terraco. without, and the shouts of the bystanders, .. ' " seemed to make a fiery circle and outer in cantation to tho glittering magic within. . There is a picture by Stothnrd of a court , ball in those days, ' delicately and charm ingly indicated. There is a sweeping and measured calm in all tho brilliance, a high bred grace and composure. Lady AV.'s ball was remarkable for this mixture of bright ness and grave restraining souso of high- dignity present. The country dances were performed with great spirit. Angelica danced twice with M. do Horn, who cauie and reminded her that slie was promised as she stood by Lady Di. Do Horn's dancing was eelobratod for its excellence. Ho' was stately, composed, graceful, moving his long limbs with a sort of careless case. "When dancing, lm seemed , quite different from the somewhat conscious, person lie appeared under ordinary circum stances. His .car for music must have been remarkable ; and tlio whole glittering sot oE . country dancers seemed to bo inspirited and kept to the measure by this one man's por- , formanco. iThcy swayed and bowed, and stampod their high heels ; the swords swung, the gentlemen's gold embroideries, which tlicy shared with their lacqueys, . twinkled ; the stately lady figures rose and sank" and pointed; their satin toes. Do Horn, among tliein . all, in his black rand silver, seemed to.be.it his own timp and keep the mnsio itself in measure. Angelica made no secret of her pleasure in his performance. "When excellence reaches a certain point, even dancing becomes a line art, and coasos to bo a personal display to real artistic na tures.- Perhaps this may havo been a small fine art, but it was all in all for the moment ; and when De Horn's glance sought An gelica's after one of their complicated evo lutions, she gave a bright and unqualified look of approval and interest. Mr; Reynolds was still standing npt far off, and bo saw her glance and then he looked down at his shoe buckles, fooling as if ho had no right to watch Angoiiea's expressions or movements any more. That look seemed to tell him he had' been right to absolve his con science,. She was a ghost to him — that beautiful living woman, with tho lightof youth in her eyes, of interest and fino intelli gence. "When the dance was over, De Horn conducted her back to her place by Lady Di. He remained by her side, not talking exactly, for he was a personnage muet, and depended more upon his legs than his wits for tho favor he received from the world. Ho stood listening to Angelica's talk with everybody else, and putting in a word every now and then more or less to tbo purpose. " What a stupid man De Horn is !" said Lady Di once, when ho bad moved away, called off by somo acquaintance. "Do you think so 2" said tbo Kauffmann, "I think the man is a very good specimen of a human being." Sho spoke lightly, but Bhe felt anything but gay and nnconcerned, .Was it magnetism and force of will by which De Horn made his way? It was some curious power he had of making others half interested, half afraid. Angelica dimly felt that sho was in danger. He still seemed with her, even when she was talk ing to others. Goethe tells Eckcrmann about attractive and repulsive powers be longing to human beings as they walk in mysteries. It must have been some mag netic powers in De Horn which imposed upon so many. As tho handsome coup'e stood side by side they commanded a view of the brilliant company in tho blazing hall and on the staircase drawn up to receive tho Princess of Brunswick and tho Duke of Cumberland, wbo had arrived in state. Tbo heads bend in long line, the courtesies vie in depth and sweep ; the procession sweeps on, the buzz of voices rises afresh. Two people began talking in the crowd of tho Daily Courant, a newspaper which hod just come out. . " Its news is not of the latest," says one of tho speakers, taming to De Horn ; " it announces Count De Horn's expected ar rival in London via Paris and Dover. It is three months after date in its intelligence." "Is he coming?" said Do Horn, with a start. ' ' Ho — who ?" said tho other, and Do Horn seemed suddenly to remember to burst out laughing. Angelica, preoccupied as she was, could hot help wondering at the agitation this little incident seemed to produce in her partner. He presently asked her if she did not feel the heat. Would sho not como nearer an open window? " Are you ill ? Pray do not think of me," she said, for , she saw that he was deadly pale. But lie would not lea vo her. Ho seemed to dotaiu her, by mere force; of will to keep her apart from tho rest of the company. He began talking as bo bad never done before. " All ! that yon were in my own rank of lifo !" he said . once ; " but what matters rank or difficulty when there is wit and courage and true love ?" She became more and more unc.i3y, as his manner grew more free. He followed her everywhere from room to room, into the sup. per room at last, where he handed some re freshment she had ashed for aoross a table, saying, " let me servo you, madam. Ah ! you arc fortunate ; here iu this country you have no vexing restrictions as with us. Be fore I left Sweden, a friend of mine was taken before tho magistrates for having taken a cup of chocolate in her box at tho play. Sho was condemned to a week's im prisonment and a heavy fine." "Is it possible ?" oried Angelica. "I should bo sorry to pay such a'price fer a cup of chocolate." (Alas ! poor woman, sho bad to pay a heavier price than this for that which Count de Horn was now handing to her.) ' " Our sumptuary laws are of extraordi nary severity," cried the Count. "I my self have, I fear — — " he broke off abruptly. " Will you come, back to the dancing room ?" bo said, and hq looked at her with one of those strange uncertain glances. As De Horn's agitation grew less, Angelica felt her own insensibly increase. She became more and more afraid, and once when ho had been called away bjT one of the Princess of Brunswick's attendant pages, she pro. cipitately engaged herself to Lord W., wbo happened to be. standing near. ! But fate seemed to interfere. Lady 'W. came, up with a "No, W., you must not danco with Kauffinann. I know how much you would like to -do so;" but there is'tbe ' Princess of Brunswick waiting to be taken in to supper. Hero is Count do Horn, who will, I am sure, supply youiipldce." ' She was gone, and .once more Angelica found her fingers in tho grasp of the very hand she was trying to avoid. His fingers held hers so strangely, closing with a firm , light pressure, that sho seemed unable to; resist. "Here is a seat by the window," she said, trying to avoid' him, and with o sort of smile sho withdrew her hand in an unconcerned way, talking of something ;clse all the while ; hut again she happened to meet the .look of his strange penetrating eyes as she glanced np ; it seemed, to her as if hiB glance held her as firmly as his closing fingers. Old John Joseph was in the crowd out side, and- had managed to creep with little Rosa through the barriers. . As they stood on the terrace of tho garden, they saw, to their delight, Angelica go by in lier bril. banco, escorted by this magnificent squire. " How white she looks, grandpapa 1" Baid little ltosa ".is she frightened all alone?" : " Sho is not at all alone ; that great Signor is talking to her," said John Joseph. ". Praised be heaven that I seo my child honored as .sho -deserves ; all. are acknoW- lodging lier rights. Seo, llosa, they are looking for her, sho receives a message, she' is led across. Rosa! It is. one of the Princess's pages who has been sent for her," oried old John J osepli,' creeping up closer aud closer to the window and trampling the tlowcr.bcd to behold tho apotheosis of his Angel as she is conducted to the groat chair whero the Princess is sitting in stato. . '"People are coming this way. Come quick," whispors little Rosa, imlling'at his coat tails. They are a timid pair, and the hurst of voices frightens them, and the two creep off carefully aud uuperceived, slide along the rails and come oat away into tho street.' They find their way homo, through dark moonlit streets/ to the house where the tired ' servants are sleeping; " " " Soon little Rosa, too, is dreaming of moon light and of music. Old John- Joseph lights diisLpipe and' sits down contentedly in the great chair in the. parlor, waiting until Angel should return ; lie opens tbo window to bear her first summons. 1 " Long, warm, dark hours pass, and ho nods sleepily in his place, all wrapped in his cloak. The open window lets in the first light of dawn, the birds begin to chirp crisply in the cbill serenity. The dawning light shines upon the ball, and upon the dancers still untiringly pur suing their mazes. It shines upon a woman who has come out from the hot glaring room, with its straining music and oppres sive scent of burning wax, into tho dim groy garden where tho trees just rustle in the dawn, and tho sparrows are whistling their early chorus with freBh precision. All that night Angelica had felt unnatur ally wound up, excited, agitated. This dim cool light seemed to call her back to rest, to tranquil mind, to reality of heart and fool ing. Her dress gleamed white among the shadows. Some silver cloud was drifting overhead. Some one saw her go from the room, and came pursuing her steps. It seemed im possible to avoid De Horn, who now fol lowed her along the twilight path. " Why do you come ?" she cried exasperated, "do not you seo that I would avoid you !" 1 ' Why do I come ?" said Do Horn. " Madam, I have mnch to say to you. My happiness, my liberty, my life arc in your bands. I have bad news to-night— news that overwhelms me. I am in dire disgrace. My estates and my life may be forfeit. You alone can save mo, save mo from de spair." Angelica turned her wondering looks. She saw he was in earnest ; he looked ghastly. "The Queen would listen to you," he cried. " Did yon not seo the Princess smile as she gave yon her Majesty's message and summons to Windsor ? your influence would save mc," lie repeated. "Indeed I will do anything," faltered Angelica, greatly moved ; " hut you over rate, you c-ntirely mistake." " 1 do not overrate anything," ho Baid, approaching bis anxious face to hers, and through the dim twilight his great black eyes gleamed, and, as the light increased, slie saw moro plainly the lines of care and almost terror in his face. Then, fieforo she could prevent him, - he fell upon his kness and caught hold of her skirts with his two hands as lie spoke. "You have influence upon all whom yon approach ; you could obtain graco for your husband," lie cried, " if not for mo. 0 Angel, be that which you are, a generous and nohle-hcartcd woman. Give mo my life! I love you to distraction, you see it, you know it. If you have one womanly feeling, one pitiful thought for a wretch in torment, you could save mo, yon alone.'' And ho struck his breast and burst into an odd spaBm of tears. "Oh ! no, no," said Angel, doubting, not knowing bow to answer, bow to escapo. He went on passionately entreating, ami she, bewildered, excited, let him go on, listened with rising agitation, melted as she listened, grew interested against her own conviction, and suddenly, the spell of tho moment, the passionate petition, her own yielding nature, all ovorcame her; some wave seemed to flow over her head, aud it seemed to her as if it was no new thing ; hut as if that voice had been pleading and plead ing from the very beginning of life, -as if all her coldness and indifference were cruelty and selfishness, and as if some conviction had come to her, that ho must be saved at any price, she alone must save him. Suddenly, very quietly, she yielded, agreed to everything. She would moot him next day atidio little Catholic chapel out of Manchester-square. 'He could hardly be lieve it as she spoke, hardly believe that his prize was so. easily won. She would keep the secret, and as slie said so lie seized her baud and kissed it again and again. If any one were to suspect his marriage — such were the laws of Sweden, Do Horn assured her — ho would bo immediately car ried off, imprisoned perhaps for life ; " but you, my treasure, my Angel of deliverance, under the shadow of your pure wings I shall be safe." He seemed again overpowered, and for a moment Angelica lost oourage. But she inado no opposition, when Do Horn seized -her hand, and pulled Lady W.'s little ring off her finger. "This is a pledge of your truth and good- nesB ; you daro not fail mo now." Though his words were barsli, hislooks were melt- \- ing ; they seemed to appeal to her very heart. She could not speak, but bent hot head in assent. When she looked up De Born was hastily escaping along a shadowy path, for one instant he stopped and pointed towards the house from whence a whole stream of dancers now issued. \- The sun rose over the houses, a glittering stream of gold fell upon Angelica in her" silver dress. As she turned to meet tlio company, she seemed on fire, advanoing ra diant and excited. How much are omens worth ? Poor Angel 1 hitherto . people had re proached her with lightness of nature. Henceforward the burden of life lay hoavy enough to satisfy her most envious detrac- tors. Chatter XXII.— I Might Forget My ' "Weaker Lot. 1 Angelica had little knowledge of char- acter. Sho was too much absorbed in her own impressions to receive very definite; images of tho minds of tho people she lived among. She could scarcely understand how events appeared to . them. For' some hours sho lay still upon her bed; living over and over again tho strange ex periences that had come to her. It seemed to her as if she alone wore eon- cerned in all. Then at last she fell into a deep sleep, from which all emotion, all fear; all regret had passed away,. She only awakened to hear her father's voice softly calling her from the room outside. "Angelica, Angelica, lriy.child !" "Yes, father," answered . Angel .with a- sigh, awakening. Tho door was. locked, and she .did not. unclose it, ; ; . "I hoar that Zueclii is in town, pre paring for a journey to Italy," said' old; Kauffniaun through tho elnnk. " Will you come with mo, Angelica, and bid farewell to that misguided, young man ?" "I am tired, father," .said Angelica; " cannot ho come and see us as usual ? " " I havo been at his lodgings," continued old Kauffmann mysteriously. "I cannot persuade liim to, come, Angelica. , You, my child, ;have more influence' than I over that .hog-headed youth. :Hasto ! hasto ! dress thyself and come with thy old father. I want to hear of last night. What did they say to thee ? they did not ask after thy old father, Angelica ? " "I cannot go out ; I am busy this morn ing," said Angel.from within. She had now .risen and was coming and going about the room. Slie was determined not to be absent that morning ; De Horn might como ; a message might come. What was this strange new state of mind in which she did not dare to face lier father. She found that she dreaded meeting him. The thought of seoing An tonio, also, frightened her ; she felt as if he would read her very heart iu one glance. Old Kauffmann was surprised that his daughter should venture to be obstinate. His temper bad been ruffled by Znccbi'a re- eeption. He liad already visited him that morning. The young man was busy pack ing ; winding up his afi'aii-3, seeing to many details. Old Kauffmanu's reproachful recon ciliation rather bored him than otherwise. Xucclii was preoccupied, depressed by his father's death, burryiug to his brothers and sisters. Old Kauffmann, with bis martyr- like aits, vexed him. His moral aphorisms about resignation, his long descriptions of his own household prosperity aud elevatio were not calculated to put Antonio into bet ter spirits. Old Kauffmann perceived that something was amiss. And so ho had de termined that Angelica must come herself to the rescue. But Angelica is also obstinate, will not open, and calls out from time to time, "I am coming, father. Dear father, do not knock so loudly. Lot me dresa in pence." "Do I disturb your peace? Is this the way you speak to your father ?" shouts tho old fellow, moro and moro irate and vexed by every moment's delay. "After my years of care, of self-denial, after the educa tion I have bestowed upon you, with efforts scarcely to be told," be says, raising his voice, for bo hears footsteps approaching, and is glad of an audience to his wrongs. " Is this the way to treat your father, whose long sacrifices came to the very notice of the Lord Cardinal. Ungrateful child, whero is your obedience ? why do you refuse to ac company mc on this visit of reconciliation and farewell ?" Then he looked round to see who had come in, and what tho effect of his elo quence had been upon tho visitor ; was it Antonio after all ? Antonio at that moment was far away in spirit. Could Angelica have seen his heart as it was then it might havo added a pang to tho moment. How bitterly did he reproach himself afterwards for his indifference and failure at this critical time. Some phase had come over him. Weariness of waiting, conviction of tho hopelessness of his dreams ; for the first time vivid personal preoccupations had como to separate him from An. gelica's interests. It was not Antonio hut De Horn who walked in upon Kauffmaun'a recriminations. He found him with his long blue coat-tails flying, and his nose against Angelica's panel. ' ' Ungrateful child !" tho old father shouts with renewed eloquenco. " What an example for thy little innocent oousin Rosa, my dead brother's only daughter — a legacy to our tondorness," and then Angelica from within hears a second voice, and a change of tone in old John Joseph. Her heart beats faster than ever. It is Do Horn" already come. Como . — for what ? Her trembling fingers tangle the strings. She can hardly faston her dress, pin on the great flapping cap, be neath which her eyes shine so brightly ; hook the band round her waist ; somehow or other she is ready at last, she (lings open her window for a breath of air, and then with shaking hands unlocks the door and comes forth. The studio is all full of sun shine. It is late in the morning, and tho sun is high. , De Horn bows lows as she . appears. He is standing in the window with her father. Old Kauffinann had been for tho last few minutes escorting the Count from portfolio to portfolio, exhibiting Angelica's perform-, ances with "a. running 'commentary of his own, diving into portfolios, and all the while secretly calculating the possible sum to which De Horn would go for orders. "Here is your Excellency's own sug gestion, Oarte a jous" (so lie pronounced it), " rendered by my naughty inspired one. That one, possessed with such gifts of heaven, should prove rebellious to her father's expressed desire, is indeed a lesson to all. Then seeing Angelica's worn looks, he cried. "Thou art pale, my child. Why did'st thou not tell me thou wert tired ?" said old Kauffmann, with real tenderness, hurrying up - to her and taking her listless hand. . "'Tis notliing, father, only last night's excitement," she answered. - ' Then she - stood silent. She could not look at tho Count, but turned her head away. . Ho advanced slowly and was eilont for an instant. 1 " I came, madam, according to our ap pointment, to invito you. to visit Lord Henry's gallery of pictures," said De Horn, at last, with a keen expressive glance, which made Angelica's cheeks blush orimson. "Ah, now she is looking better," said old Kauffmann, eagerly. " Go, my child, go with his Excellency. "Why did'st thou not explain. . . - . A walk will do thee good. I will' return to that ingrate. Whero is the sketch for hor Majesty's portrait, Angelica ? The Count is anxious to see it. We think of representing the Queen as Venus awakening tho sleeping arts of Eng. land. The idea seems to me worthy of our great Dante himself." Then he went on talking of the ball, of the Princess, of the brilliant sceno of his Angel'B triumph the night before; then he said he should delay no longer, but return at once to Zueclii at his lodging. " It is better to forget the past ; Antonio is a young man who owes almost everything to our protec tion ; he has proved himself an ingrate, but that is no reason to give :him up altogether," said old Kauffmann.' An gelica did not hear a word he said. She saw him put on his cloak, look about in the corner of the room for his stick; take his three- cornered hat and start off, calling to little Rosa, who was at play down below. Ange lica, in hor state of suppressed excitement and nervousness, was at once terrified to be alone with De Horn, and, longing for some further explanation, some greater certainty, sho did no.t want to face what was before her. . Sho tried to forget every, thing in tire present. The present was this unknown person, so familiar, already so mysterious. Tho present was her own studio, her own heating heart, her pictures in every corner, the dreams and the 't al- . legories, ' and the fanciful bedizenmouts of the truth. People are sometimes . distraught .aud driven on by unaccountable impulses. These two pebplo seemed possessed ; it is inipoa. sible to say what was real, what wa3 mere illusionin their relation. "Ihave brought you back youv ring," said the Count, quickly ; " come, there is no time to be lost. I have made all arrangements. Will yon come ?" he repeated, and he took both her bauds, and looked at her with his deep eyes. "Do you remember tlio day we first- met?" Do Horn continued, gazing at her fixedly. ' ' Some strange presentiment drew me in your steps. I followed you in my gondola; I watuhed you as yon pasBed from picture to picture in the Doge's Palace. Angelica, from the first moment I know you, I had a presentiment how it would end; even when you left Venico, I knew I should seo you again." " Lady Diana liad a presentiment too, I suppose," said Angelica, recovering a little, and speaking with a gentle laugli. De Horn turned white, then black. "I was mad. I am in earnest now," ho said. Then, eagerly, " Don't delay, pray do not delay ! The time is running short ; the' priest is waiting ; yon have promised ; you, Angelica, are not of those who deceive." "I hope not," said slie, clasping her hands. Angelica went stubbornly into her room, dressed herself, pulled on hor silk hood, the broad frills of which fell over hor face. Then she came out and returned to the studio, whero De Horn was waiting gazing at her picture ; he sprang forward with two lODg strides. "Aro j'ou ready?" ho said. "My good Angel ! my preserver ! my idol !" So lie called her. His love.makingwassomewh.it to order, somewhat mechanical, so she after- wards felt. At tho time sho was in a state of such strange excitement that she did not very clearly know what ho said. She only knew that this was some one who was grate- fnl for her favors, somo one in trouble whom Blie could servo ; that by serving him sho best served herself. Here was a protector able and willing to help lier. Henceforth she should havo hor own standing place in the world ; no longer to be tossed to and fro by variable tides, no longer be dependent upon tho chance favors of fashion, of patrons, npon their humors and fancies. She should hare some one to turn to whoso right it would be to defend her, somo one noble, generous, gentle, tbo prince of her wildest dreams. People might blame, lot them blame; she had a right, as other women had, to be loved, give happiness, and to receive it ; who should dare interfere ? Little Rosa saw them as they started, aud came running up. " Grandpapa did not take me with him. May I como with you, cousin ?" she asked, taking Angel's hand. Angelica held tho little fingers tight in hers for an instant-, and looked up at Do Horn, who shook his head impatiently. " Go back, child," sho answered, with a soft . kiss ; " I shall not be long away from you." She remembered the words afterwards, and they seemed to her significant. Tho child looked up wonderingly as they walked away along tho Bunsliining pave ment, then they and their shadows crossed the angle of the square and disappeared behind the railings— the light drifting figure, the tall black man with his sword and his cocked hat. Do Horn appeared impassive as usual, but secretly bo was iu a fume of impatience, Tbey were not safe until they bad reached the church. Tbey walked quickly and iu silence. Angelica scarcely know how to speak to him ; once sho felt inclined to turn back, they were passing tho house where Zncchi lodged, some scarce controllable im pulse mado her stop ; but as sho hesitated sho looked in her companion's face, and that one glance showed her it was too lato. He pulled hor hand through hi3 arm, aud she knew that she was glad it was too late. Everybody knows how strangely all tbo tilings that people have been and felt and loved, sometimes, almost from very vivid ness, seem to loso their separate existence in our mind. The images grow confused, and we know what wo fear and bopo without realising why or kow. Augeliea was in some such stato as sho hurried on with De Horn. Tho people along tho street mado way for them as they hastened past. No one seemed ; to notice them particularly ; she saw the common story of every day — tho fishwives shouting their wares, the coaches rolling, the windows opening aud shutting ; tlicy met a ghastly procession on its way to Tyburn, with a crowd hurrying along. De Horn turned pale, drew her closer to him and buiried away down a side street. They stopped at last at tbo low doorway in a passage out of Spanish. place. Afterwards Angelica remembered that a great carriage went by just then ; as it passed she saw the harness glittering in the sun. 