CLIYE YE LINE LI'S LOVE A CHRISTMAS STORY. V?// the Author of " Squire IIvr.TOx's Daughter," "Woodleigii Grange," tyc. Chapter I. Once again ! The face of the bright heavens still presents its varied aspects ; the tide still ebbs and flows ; the swift rush of the wind comes down the hill, hemline the tail trpna with its force ; the snow falls white and soft as ever; the moon with her attendant stars is queen of serene skies; nothing appertaining to uature, it may be said, has changed since the Christmas bells rang out last year, and the waits suug of the herald angels. Oidy man is changed. There are darkened hearths, empty chairs, aching hearts, and new-made graves ; many hopes and many loves have died since the Christmas enrols told us last year of the stars that shone in the midnight sky. Some of us love heaven more and earth less, and some — alas that it should bo so! — turn ears more deaf and eyes more blind to the lessons Christmas carols teach. On this Christmas Eve, some few years since, on which our story opens, tho wind held high ciarnval. It seemed ss though every sigh and every moan uttered since the creation of the world was being repeated by it, and sent up into the face of the darkenim' heavens. ft wailed round Lymle Tlull, where Clive Yerner sat, solitary and nlone, trying to forget that it was Christinas, trying to .close his ears to the chiming of tho hells and the distant sounds of merriment. The snow fell with a soft, whirling sound, but even the falling snow annoyed Clive Verner. I.yndo Hall lies in tho heart of the glorious old cuuly uf Kent, where legend says the men are bravest — amid hop-gardens and orchards and broad meadows of golden grain. It has long been one of the show places of the south, and is celebrated far and noar for the beauty of its architecture, for its massive towers, its grand oriel windows, the gorgeous magniftconce of its terraces and gardens, the deep green shade of its woods, the picturesque nooks and corners with which it abounds; for the rarity and the value of tho pictures, hanging in tho great northern gallery; for the few but costly statues, straight from Italian studios ; far tho strange mixture of ancient grandeur and modern luxury. For many long years Lyndo Hall had been open to vi-itors ; but Clive Verner closed its gates, and forbado friend or straugor to set foot within the grouuds. He had not been lord of the estate very long. It was bnt three years since old Sir Jocelyn Verner, knightod for his great military services, died, and was succeeded by Clive. The Verners of Lynde were a very old family. They had had no other dwelling- place but tho Ilall and the estates surround ing it. They had been lords of the soil for many generations, loved, honoured, and revered by high and low. Sir J. celyn uevor married. He was a stern, grim old warrior, who, people said, had never looked with lovo upon the face of a womau. He had no interest in any thing but his profession ; but, though he never married, his fair young sister Eveline did. Captain Ernest Ayrton persuaded her to leave all the luxuries of Lynde for his srtke, and follow him half over the world. Evelino Ayrton died soon after tho birth of her twin sons, Clive and Lancelot, and Sir Jocelyn sent for them to Lynde, where they were brought up as children of his own would have been. IIo did his very best for them — sent them to Eton and Oxford ; spared no expense over them ; brought them up as gentlemen and men of honour ; instilled his own fearless right principle into them ; taught thera, in his old-fashioned way, to " fear God and honour the king;" sought to make them worthy Euglishmen, brave, true, and generous. He succoeded well, although they were of widely different dispositions. Clive, the elder, a dark-haired, princely boy of noble face and noble figure, was thoughtful, studious, sensitive, and capable of loving with a depth and passion unknown to his fair-haired, gallant young brother, who was never without u)to gratule passion, who loved all ladies and all fair faces, yet would never have died for one. Both were generous, truthful, utterly incapable of all falsehood or meanness ; both were chivalrous and gallant. Lancelot was never seen without a smile on his lips ; be had . gay, bright words and sunny genial laughter for constant companions. Clive smiled seldom ; when he did his face was beautiful to look upon, like the bosom of a lake brightened by sunbeams. Until they grew older Sir Jocelyn showed no partiality or favour. It seemed to bo an understood thing that Clive was to be his heir. He was the elder ; he bad a stately fi»uro, and, as the old knight often said, " a Verner face." lie had a loyal, reverential love for the old race ; he knew the history of the Vomers from the earliest record. He was the elder ; aud that deter mined Sir Jocelyn, who never departed from established rules, to make him lord of Lynde. One day, when the two boys were both at home, the family solicitor, Mr. Teraplo, came over, and the good knight made his will, leaving Clive his heir, upon the Bole condition that he assumed the name of Verner. Ifa left to Lancelot twenty thousand pounds, with which tho younger bi other was quite satisfied. As tune passed on, it was plainly to be seen that the old man wished both his nephews to be soldiers. Lancelot was one by desire. He had never cared (or any other career. With him, Sir Jocelyn "fought all his battles over again, until the boy longed with the ardour of an old crusader to bo away in the midst of war aud danger. The day came when the knight called his nephews to him and told them decidedly that he wished both to embrace a military career. Lancelot consented, with tears of gladness in his bright eyes ; Clive refused, saying he had no love for the profession, and could never follow it. Lancelot obtained a commission in bis uncL's own regiment, the " Queen's Own," and Clivo remained with Sir Jocelyn at the Hull. Fortune was propitious to Lancelot Ayrton ; he distinguised himself by his groat personal valour and untiring bravery. In a number of despatches ho was well spoken of, and his promotion was rapid ; but the story that thrilled the heart of England uud made his name famous wns this. In the midst of a terrible engagement with the Sikhs of India, when the foe in great numbers seemed to be gaining advantage over tho English, Lancelot Ayrton, galloping across a field with a message to bis command ing officer, saw a young ensign who carried tho English colours struck down, and the flag carried off by tho exulting enemy. He delivered his message, and then put spurs to his horse. To this day the dark-faced Sikhs tell how the fair-haired English boy rode dauntlessly amongst them with his bright eyes and handsome face ; how he fought his way, sword in hand, through their ranks ; how shot fell around him yet never touched him ; how some of the enemy's numbers fled from him in terror, and others aimed at his heart; how right and left his brave sword smote down those who opposed him, until he grasped the flag in his hands and waved it with a loyal British cheer ; how he rode back unharmed, untouched by the foes who thought him more than man, and returned the standard to its legitimate guardians. That glorious deed, the sole result of dauntless heroism, was read at home in England, and the hearts of men and women thrilled when they realised the gallant deed of the fair-haired stripling. His promotion was rapid after that ; when he returned to Lynde after seven years, of absence, he had already uttained the rank of captain. Sir Jocelyu received him with open arms ; he gave him a welcome that gladdened the brave, boyish heart. Lancelot found that Clive was also famous in his way. He had written a book that was read throughout tho length and breadth of tho land, a book' full of grand and noble thoughts, that made men and women better for the reading of it. Lancelot was proud of his brother's fame, Sir Jocelyu was proud of both, but with his whole heart ho loved the .young soldier best. Every oue saw it, aud Clive was never jealous of his brother. They were very happy for a time ; then a sudden calamity fell upon them. For some few days Sir Jocelyn looked sad and anxious; he shut himself, up in tho library, and nppeared to spend a great deal of time in writing. Oue morning he was there 'un usually early, and seemed more than ordin arily busy. He wore an old dressing-gown that had been his companion for many years ; he took his breakfast with tho boys, as he still called them, although they were mpn. " I shall waut you both to day," he said ; " come to me in the library about noon. I have something very particular to say to you, and want it said." At noon they went to the library, but he was not there. They found him an hour afterwards in his own room— dead ; and when the doctor came ho said the poor old knight must have been dead for hours. There were deep mourning and great lamentation at Lynde; for Sir Jocelyn, the grim old soldier, had been well loved. Ho was buried with all the honours due to Lis birth and life. After the funeral, the will was read in the library by Mr. Temple, and Clive was declared the heir of Lynde. Only one person seemed astonished at the terms of the will, and that was Martin KnowleB, the old butler. He was well pro vided for ; the master whom he had served so faithfully and so well had left him a handsome annuity. Every servant and every friend was remembered ; and Lancelot' Ayrton received bis twunty thousand pounds. Me was perfectly satisfied, although his brother's income reached fifteen thousand per nnnum. " I a in very glad you are the heir, Clive," ho would say, in )>is careless mauner. " I am only a hair-brained soldier ; 1 should be sure either to spend or to lose all the money." Indeed no one rejoiced in Olive's good for tune as did his soldier brother, Lancelot. In a few months order was restored at the Hall, aud Clive had taken his position as master. Captniu Lancelot hnd leave of absence, and his brother prayed him' to spend the time at Lynde. These memories all passed through the mind of the man who sat this Christmas Eve alone by the fire refusing all coraforf — alone in heart and soul, he said to himself for ever more—as the snow fell and the wind moaned. He fillod his own heart with bitterness, say ing over and over again that there was nothing true under the sun — that men and women were all false alike. What had changed the sensitive loving heart ? . What shadow had fallen over him, hiding the beauty of earth and the glory of heaven ? Why does ho sit alone, silent and wretched, ou this night above all nights, when the whole world is filled with glad ness ? While the Christmas bells chime merrily, and he shuts bis ears to the sound, we will tell the story of Clive Yerner's love. Chapter II. One year before Sir Jocelyn diad a new family came to reside at Thornbury Castle. For long years the family of Lord Ashton had made Thornbury their home, but the expenses of marrying throe daughters and training four sons had been too much for his lordship. Thornbury was sold, the purchaser being Sir Reginald Muntacute, the proudest man in England. Lynde Hall was only some five mile dis tant from Thornbury, and Sir Reginald, who looked down with infinite scorn on half the county, positively courted the old knight's friendship. Lady Montacuto died quite young, leaving a son and daughter. Tho son was the exact counterpart of his father, but a faiiy mantle of grace and elegance had fallen over Ethel. She was one of the most beautiful and lovablo girls in tho county, famed for its fair women. Clive Yerner no sooner saw her that he felt that his destiny had overtaken him. Jin loved her with all the force and passion of his sensitive poetical nature. lie surrendered his whole heart to her. To him it was given to love with intensity and truth foreign to lighter natures. From the first day he saw her under the shade of the beech trees feeding a tame white dove, to the hour when he lay down to die, Clivo Verner never gave a thought to any other woman. It is the fashion to sneer at such love, to say it only exists in fiction ; be that as it may, it was after this manner that the heir of Lynde cared for Ethel. Old Sir Jocelyn rather despised love ; it was at tho best, he considered, merely an amiable weekness, quite unworthy the attention of soldiers, fitting ouly (or women and civilians. He admitted, however, that Ethel was the most beautiful girl be had over seen. In his old-fashioned courtly manner he treated her as though she were a princess. When he found that Clive had lie thoughts away from Thornbury, he con- ' sidered it all of a piece with his dislike to the army, and merely shrugged his shoulders as he listened. But Ethel was not to be won easily. Clive had spent long hours in sighing and dream ing, in writing love- letters, in journeying to and from Thornbury, before tho fair proud girl he loved so dearly gave him any cause to hope. Sir Jocelyn died, and she saw that Clive was in real and deep trouble ; then, true to her woman's mission, Ethel wished to comfort him. There came a day when Clive Verner was dizzy with joy, when earth and sky seemed full of golden dazzling light, when he knelt and thanked Heaven 'for this greatest ot gifts, the love of a true pure woman. Sir Reginald signified his most gracious assent, giving Clive to uuderstand perfectly that his acquiescence was duo entirely to his being the heir of Lynde. It was generally understood that Sir Reginald expected some grand alliance for his beautifnl daughter. Clive Verner was unexceptionable — young, hnndsome, popular, talented, and wealthy. Had bo been a younger son or a younger brother, he would have, asked for Ethel in vain. A3 it was, Sir Reginald most warmly welcomed him ; and six months after Sir Jocelyn's death, when the June roses were in bloom and the hawthorm grew white upon the hedges, the engagement was made public. The first and most eager to offer all con gratulations was Captain Lancelot, and the elder brother, though be loved the young officer so dearly, almost envied the facility with which he won bright smiles from his beautiful Ethel. Nothing was said at present about the time for the marriage. Clive pre ferred waiting a year out of respect to his uncle's memory ; he spent the greater part of every day at Thornbury ; the two brothers, in fuct, seemed quite as much as home there as at Lynde. Captain Lance, as he was generally called, was most popular ; who could resist his bright face, his gay words and sunny smiles, the simple, kiudly, loyal heart so admirably mated with a brave, dauntless spirit ? He was beloved alike by high and low ; and there were times when Clive was almost jealous of his younger brother, and wondered whether, if he bad been lord of Lynde, Ethel too would have loved hi in best. That shade of jealousy — and it was but a shade after all — moved the most perfect character, and afterwards produced strange results. Throughout the long summer months the days passed like a beautiful dream ; winter came ; the year of mourning expired, and in the ensuing spring, Clive resolved to give some entertainments. He had done nothing yet in return for all the hospitalities lavished upon him. He was not without a lady to do the honours, for Miss Verner, Sir Jocelyu's cousin, presided at Lynde. How well, as he sits by the fire on that cold, bitter Christmas Eve, be remembers all these things — the balls where Ethel reigned queen, the merry, happy, quiet parties ; painfullest of all, he remembers the time when bis love and faith wore so rudely shaken, then died. Is was soon after Easter, and he had a large party of guests at Lynde, Lord and Lady Dunham, with their two daughters, Sir Harry lounge, and Captain Hope, Lance's friend. He remembers a day when Sir Reginald and Ethel drove over to dine, and the night was so stormy, the rain fell in such torrents, that Sir Reginald accepted Clive's offer, and agreed to remain at Lynde for the night. Sitting solitary, he can recall so vividly the delight he felt at knowing that Ethel would be under his roof. He starts from his chair with a bitter cry as he goes over again the little scene in which she, in answer to some words of his, clasped her tender arms around his neck, and, with the innocent, sinq le grace of a child, told him bow pleased she was to stay. Her warm kiss seems to burn still upon his lips, the clasp of her tender hands clings to him, and he cries out. praying Heaven he may forget or die. It was brilliantly lighted, the grand draw ing- room at Lynde ; and on that evening, after singing and playiug, there arose a demand for charades. Nothing else would satisfy Laura Denham or Captain Hope ; as Ethel wished it also, Clive was all auxiety. " Ethel," he whispered, " even in play, you will have no other lover." She raised her sweet fearless eyes to his face. " No, Clive," she said, neither in play nor in earnest will I have another lover while I live." He bent over to kiss the warm, loving lips ; and Lance, entering at the moment, smiled at the pretty picture. He, like Laura Denham, was anxious to have the charades. " Ethel," said Lance, " we shall want plenty of costumes. Would you mind coming with me ? Miss Verner will take us up to the old oak wardrobe, and we can choose what we like." The oak wardrobe was ono of the curiosi ties of Lynde — it stood in the large state bedchamber. The carving upon it was wonderful to heboid, and the contents told the story of many generations. The stiff brocades, the costly point lace, the old- fashioned sacque dresses, accumulated by the Ladies Verner duriug many long years, were all there. Sweet, simple Ethel, uttered a cry of admiration as treasuro after treasure was brought to light. She bent with the delight of a true womau over the velvet and damask silks, the former wearers of which slept so soundly in the vaults of the Vomers. Captain Lance held aloft the wax taper, smiling at Ethel's delight, telling her she would he Mrs. Verner soon, and then the treasures would be all her own. Suddenly Miss Verner remembered a small box of antique jewellery that lay in an old buhl cabinet in her own room ; she left Ethel and Lance together while she went in search of it. S nuething or other detained her ; sho was absent more than twenty minutes; when sire returned, Ethel had left the shining heap of costumes, and sat on a small couch, her face quite white, nnd her eyes strangely shadowed. Lance stood over her, pale even to his lips, and looking like a man who had received some terrible shock. Was it Miss Verner's faucy, or did slie really hear Lance whisper as she entered the room something that ended with the words " until we die ? " She went up to Ethel. " Are you ill, Miss Moutacute ? " she a=ked anxiously. "Not ill," replied Lance, speaking for her; "but Miss Montacute.is like me — she cannot endure the odour of patchouli, and these things are full of it." " It is very strong," said Ethel ; and Miss Verner saw when sho rose that she wab trembling in every limb. They selected the dresses ; it was Lance who chose them, who talked gaily, who laughed and tried to make Ethel smile. Miss Verner saw that all the gaiety and happinesss shining in the young girl's beautiful face one short hour ago had vanished. They carried the spoils of the wardrobe downstairs, but Ethel cared no more for the charades, She went up to Clive, and her pule, wearied, sad face alarmed him. " Clive," she whispered, " do not let them tease me about the charades. 1 cannot join them. I am tired and ill." Did you see any ghosts in the old state rooms ? " he asked, with a smile. " My darling shall do just ns she wishes. Lance, what has frightened Etbcl ? " "Nothing," he replied ; butClivo felt sure that a glance of intelligence passed between them. So Ethel, with a wearied, sad, puzzed expression on her beautiful face, Bat and watched the charades, Clive wondering the while what had come over her, why she hud so suddeuly lost her bloom and brilliancy. " Have you enjoyed this evening ? " he asked, when it was time for them to separate. The eyes she raised to his were full of wondering pain ; her lips trembled as she tried to answer. Was it a dream, a fancy with him, or did she really hear Lance whisper to Ethel something be could not catch, but which ended with " Wo must keep our own secret?" He was quitting the room, ami could not tell if he had heurd rightly. It must be fancy. What secret could his brother and his betrothed wile have unknown to him ? Why should Lance whisper, nnd she listen? What did that look mean which passed between them ? He thought a great deal about it ; he remembered how bright Ethel looked us she went with Lance up to the old state-rooms. She was absent so short a time, and then returned so changed — what hud happened ? " Could it be," whispered Jeulousy, " that Lance had presumed to speak to her of love — his brave, gallant young brother, rever enced alike by friend and foe ? " Ah, no, it could not be ! Were all the world false, Lance would be true. And Ethel did not look like one who had been listening to love stories ; yet how many times that evening bad he seen ber eyes lingering wistfully on the fair frank face of his brother. As the distant sound of the Christmas bells came to him, Clive Verner went over and over again the pain of these doubts and fears. Chapter III. From that night peace and happiness fled from Clive Verner. He noticed trifles light as air, and held tbem comfirmation strong of the doubts that marred his life. On the morning after the charades he saw, what no ono else appeared to notice, Ethol's eyes worn with tears, as though she had spent the night in weeping. He taxed her with it, and, though she tried confusedly to deny it, her face fludied and hex eyes drooped before bis. Another time he felt quite sure that he saw Lanco slip a little note into her hand ; there could be no mistake. Still sho did not appear to love him less. She was all that sho had ever been' to him — frank, kind, and loving — but in her manner to Lance he saw something that was quite new, a tenderness of look and word that surprised him. One evening ho and Lance had dined at Thornbury, and tho conversation turned on heroes. Clive and Sir Reginald told what heroes they loved best. Tho former saw Ethel's eyes fixed with wistful love and pleasure on his brother's face. " I know a hero," she said, in a dreamy, absent voice, " one whom the world will never know, but I may not tell his name." This time there could be no mistake; a glance of warning from Lance flashed full upon her, and her face grew crimson under it. Clive now remembers all these trifles — how day by day Ethel lost her brilliancy and spirits, seeming t.o love Lance more, yet, strange to say, loving himself uo'less, until 1 his brother's leave of absence expired, and he ) hud to prepare for returning to his regiment. They were speaking of it one morning when the brothers, as usual, were over at Thornbury. Sir Reginald was telling them that he had heard that the Queen's Own were to be sent to New Zealand, where the Maorios ami the English colonists were at variance. Ethel was present, and as she listened her face grew deadly pale. " Going to New Zealand !" sho said. "Oh, Lance, you should stay here in safety !" Before he had time to reply, she burst into a passionate fit of weeping that startled them. In vain Clive. told her there was 110 danger, and then, yielding to angry jealousy, bade Lance tell her so himself ; in vain Sir Reginald expressed, in dignified terms, his dislike to tears ; in vain Lance looked wnrn- ingly at her — she refused to be comforted. She quitted the room, and a disagreeable restraint fell upon them. Lance alone seemed unconcerned. " Ladies always magnify danger," he said, carelessly. " It is rather a good thing lor me that I have no wife of my own to weep when I — go where glory waits me." The brothers walked home together, and, for the first time, Clive shunned, avoided, nay, almost disliked Lunce. A few days passed, and Sir Reginald gave a grand farewell dinner to Captaiu Lancelot. The brothers went over to lunch, and pro mised to spend the night at Thornbury. Clive made up his mind that he would speak to Ethel — ask her what shadow had fallen over her — if Bhe hud ceased to love him — what sorrow robbed her cheek of its bloom, und her lip of its smiles. He saw her alone a few minutes before dinner. She stood in the drawing-room, a serious, wistful, far-off look on her face. He clenches his strong hands in hot anger us be now recalls the scene. He sees again the graceful girlish figure, thesuperbeveniug dross of white, gleaming with gold, fallingaround her, and sweeping the ground with its rich folds, the queenly head with its coronet of light golden hair, a cluster of lilies against the white breast. From that day to this, Olive Yerner finds deadly meaning in the shining leaves of a lily. Ethel's face, so delicate in its dainty colouring, so peerless in its perfect beauty, wore an absent expression that he could not bear to see. He went straight up to where she stood thinking so deeply, and clasped her hands in his — white, cool, firm hands, that lay quietly and trustingly in his grasp. " Ethel," ho said, gently, " look at me. I want to ask you a question." She raised her clear blue eyes to his ; ho read no guilt 1n them. " Do you love mo as you once did, Ethel," he asked ; " or have you learned to care for any one else ? Do not be afraid to tell me." For answer she took her hands from his, and clasped them round his neck — for the first time in her life site laid ber bead upon his breast, and whispered such loving words to him as he had always longed to hear. " I love you more than ever," she said. "I love you better every day, Clive ; never doubt it, and never doubt me." He was going to ask her what the ahadow was, but he had no time ; they heard the sound of approaching footsteps, and Ethel moved away from him. He was happy, and he remembers the ; night as being the last happy one for many ' years. The day was Tuesday, and Lance was to leavo on Thursday evening. All Wednesday Clive spent in helping his brother; he lavished money with a princely i hand upon him, ordering everything that he thought Lance would like or require. On Thursday — it was after twelve o'clock — Lance came into the library where Clive sat writing, and told him he was going out, just for a last stroll in the paik. " Do not follow me, Clive," he said, with one of the smiles that never come on any other face — " do not follow me. I am going to be sentimental, to bid farewell to ' every tree and flower,' &c.;" Clive did . not think of following him ; but, half an hour afterwards, wishing, all un known to Lance, to place a little roll of bank notes in his portmanteau, he went up to his brother's room. His heart smote him with pain when he saw all the preparations for departure, and realised how soon the bright brave face would be gone from his home. As he stooped down to the portmanteau he saw a crumpled, half unfolded note lying upon the floor. Knowing bow careless Lance was of everything, he picked it up and straightened it. He was placing it upon the table, when suddenly he saw that the hand writing was that of Ethel Montacute, his promised wife. He read the note word by word ; he saw great stains as though tenr-drops had fallen upon the paper. These were the sentences that slew Clive Verner's love, and struck him from the roll of useful men : — " I must see you. Lance, before you go. I am sure Clive suspects us. I do not think I can bear the pain of this concealment. J. shall be in the park on Thursday morning- near the beech grove ; let me see you there. Do not fail me. My heart is almost break iug ! " Ethel." He read tho letter carefully and slowly, his lips growing white, and his face flushing with hot, angry shame. There never came again such an hour in his life ; no torture could equal it, no death could be so bitter. He stood silent and immovable while the first anguish of his puiu stung him. This was the secret then — she loved his brother ! This was why she had grown sad and careworn — why she had wept those bittor tears when they spoke of Lance's departure — why she was so changed. Ho hated himself as he remembered the false words ami false caress. She hail dared to clasp her hands round his neck, to look into his face with a lie on her lips ami deceit in her heart; she had dared, after telling him that sho loved him bettor than ever, to appoint a clandestine meeting with his brother. He had been tricked, duped and deceived by those he loved best and trusted most. J'orsoma -r minutes Clive Verner stood stunned by the force of the blow. Then, with a muttered curse on his white lips, be wont out to follow and confront them. How ruthlessly he trampled upon the flowers and crushed the sweat blossoms under his feet ; how violently he dashed aside tho hanging boughs ! He saw them at last, standing in the beech grove, Lance bending his handsome head over Ethel, evidently using all his powers of persuasion, and sho weeping and objecting. That much he could see in the distance; he went nearer, and heard Lance say — " C.ome, promise me, Ethel ; we shall be. happy then. I shall not go away uutil you have promised." " I cannot," said Ethel ; " it is agninst honour and good faith ; and yet, 0 Lance, I cannot lose my love !" " Always trust a soldier where honour is concerned," he said, gaily ; " and, if you will promise me, Ethel, you cannot lose your love " Then, with angry despair in his white fnce nnd wild eyes, Clive Verner went up to them. With scant courtesy he took Ethel's hand , from Lnnce and ffnug it from him. " There is but little to say. Let there be an end now to all lies and deceit. Is this your writing, Ethel ? " he cried, holding before her the letter which had been a death- warrant to him. " Yes," she replied, briefly, " it is mine." " You purposely planned this clandestine interview with my brother ? " he asked. An expression of surprise came over her face as she looked at him. " I wanted to speak with Lance," she said, hesitatingly, " and asked him to come here." " There shall bo no barrier to your meet ing for the future," he said, haughtily. Turning to his brother, he added " I will see this lady, who was to have been my wife, safely home. I will settle with you after wards." But, to his surprise, there was no fear on the brave, bright face, only 0 kindly, tender smile. "I will wait for you here," said Lnnce. " You will not be angry long at a trifle." " Men of honour give such actions as this another name," said Clive, as he turned away. Ha walked through the summer woods, by the side of the girl he loved with so deep and true a love, speaking no word. She went in proud silence along with him. When they drew neur the house, he turned to her. "Ethel," he said, " for the sake of the love you have slain, answer me— can you ex plain what you have done ? Will you ex- plain why you came to meet my brother here ? Will you tell me what you wished to say to him ?" " No," she replied — " Lance has my pro- mise." " And you tell me that ! " he cried. " I had your promise first." " I do not understand yqu," she said. "I have always heard," ho continued, with a bitter laugh, " that no woman can resist the charm of a uniform — I believe it now." She stopped, and, turning round, looked at. him straight in the face. " 1 am your promised wife, Clive Verner." she said, " and an honourable woman. Suy in few words of what you suspect me. I do not understand you." Her blue eyes had no shadow in tbem as she raised them to his. He thought she was defying him — trying to deceive him again. "Of what do I suspect you? "he said. " Of that which some women consider no crime, Ethel — of being false to your love, to your promise — false to me; of duping me for my brother's sake ! " " Hush ! " she interrupted ; " do not U9e that word to me. So that is it ? You accuse me, in plain words, of falling in love with your brother, although I am your promised, plighted wife." " I do," he said. He saw gathering scorn in her eyes, the proud flush on her face, the haughty curving of her lips. " You dared," she said, slowl), " to think me so light of love, so weak of faith ! Now hear me. Eor this reason and no other — no other, mind you, I swear — I take back my promise: I am no longer yours. I would not marry a man who suspected me, if my heart broke twice over in. leaving him." She gathered Iter shawl round her with the grace of an injured queen. " Do not seek uiy presence again," she said. " I hold the poorest labourer upon my father's ground who knows how to trust a- i- woman higher than you. No one living could have shaken my fajth in you — not even death itself. You huvo had none in me; therefore we will part. 1 have loved you well, Clive, but we will part-."— He tried to interrupt her, to say something but she waved him from her with the proudest gesture. " I did not understand before," she said ; " I did not know that you suspected me of this. That knowledge, Clive Yerner, is a stronger barrier between us than even death itself would be. I shall tell Sir Reginald to-night that you ad I have parted for ever." Chapter IV. Clive Verner waiched Ethel as she entered the gates of Thorubury Hall. Her proud step never once faltered ; but the passion had taken deep root in his heart, and he could not believe her innocent. He said to himself that the woman who could be untrue in one thing could be false in all. He went back to the beech grove, where the young soldier still awaited him. Lance went up to him and held out his hand. " You are not angry now, brother ? " he said, quietly. " Shake hunds, and let us be friends." " There can be no friendship between you and me," said the master of Lynde ; " you hnve been in league with the girl I loved to deceive me." " Has she told you? " cried Lance, his face flushing as he spoke. " She has told me nothing," he replied ; " my own senses have told me." Lance looked greatly relieved. He laid his hand on Clivu's shoulder, but the angry man flung off his grasp. " Brother," said Lance, gently, " can you not trust me? Is it likely that I, who love 3'ou as 1 do, should deliberately try to steal the best purt of your life from you. I, whom men are pleased to call a brave soldier and an honourable one — am I a thief, Clive ? Would I not, like another Damon, give my life for you ? Answer me ? " " Tell me why you came here to meet Ethel," he said, touched, despite his fi.-rce anger, by his brother's words. " Tell me what sho wanted to hear — what was the promise ?" " No," replied Lance, " I cannot do that. Trust me, Clive — trust me, brother. I love you better than myself. I would guard your honour as I would my own.". ' " Tell me what promise Ethel Montacute has made you," said Clive. " I cannot," replied Lance. " Then," interrupted Clive, " I swear that from this moment you and I, Lancelot Ayrtnn, shall be strangers, not brothers. I will not enter my house again until you have quitted it." " Trust me," pleaded the kindly voice again. " I am your own brother ; touch my hand before I leave you. Bid mo God speed over the seas, Clive." "No," he said, "I swear that I will never speak to you again, unless you tell me the whole truth." " You will think better of it," said Lance. " Before I reach Now Zealand you will be friends with Ethel, and forget this. It is but nonsense, Clive. For our mother's sake do not let us part in anger." While he lived Clive never forgot the scene. Lance came up to him ; he placed both his hands on his brother's shoulders, and bent over him with tears in his eyos. There was a muttered "cry, an angry word, and Clive had flung his brother from bim. There was no anger on Lunce's face us be turned to liirn. " Good-bye, Clive," he said ; " always re member, in the years to come, my lust words werp ' God -bless you ! ' " When Clive Verner returned home, his brother was gone, and somehow, though he doubted, almost hated him, he could not for get the young soldier's parting words. The next morning he received a short, cold note from Sir Reginald, saying that his daughter had informed him that the engage ment was at an end. Five weeks afterwards Clive heard that the whole family had left Thornbury and gone abroad for a year or two. All this happened two years ago, and Clive Verner was a most wretched man. He shut himself up at Lynde ; he closed his gates alike against friend and stranger. He never went out : he never mingled in any society. He brooded alone over his outraged, injured love. Of course they had deceived him. It was was plain that they were in love with each other, and sought to blind him. There could he no other secret between tbem but this. He shut himself up with his books— they were true friends — and during those dreury years he followed up his first success by the publication of another book that added to his fame. They who read, who admired the wondrous eloquence, the unutterable pathos, little knew that his aching heart was revealed in each line. He heard but once of Ethel Montacute, and then some light rumour came to him that she was betrothed to some Italian prince living in Venice. He only laughed bitterly when he beard it, and thought to himself, women manage many loves. She was all the less worth grieving for, be said ; and yet there never was one moment, night or day, that she was out of his mind. From Lance ho heard no word. How be missed them both who shall say ? There were times when his pride and courage gave- way, when ha wept like a child, culling for Lance and Ethel, and wishing he bad died while he believed in both, He never questioned his own judgment, or thought it possible that they could be inno cent ; but one day — he will remember it until he dies — as he sat out in the garden among the flowers, a letter from Lance was brought to him — a letter from the far off New Zealand shores. It was a bright warm day in July. A thousand flowers bloomed around him. The roses and lilies were in all their luxuriance, the acacia drooped its white blossoms over bim ; the birds were singing ; the swoet south wind wafted odorous scents from the far off meadows. The sun shone gaily while Clive Verner opened the letter written by the man he had sworn never more to see. His first impulse was to destroy it; but those words, " You will like to remember, in after years, that I said ' God bless you ! ' " pre vented him. Word for word that letter was burned in upon bis bruin and heart. He cried aloud that the heavens might full on him — he was not worthy to live amongst his fellow-men ; for Lance's secret was told. " I should not write to you," the letter began, " but that I am dying, and I know you will pardon in death what you could not have pardoned in life. We were loving brothers, Clive, and I have never wronged you — ah no, never even in thought. I loved your Ethel as a dear sister — as nothing more. Both she and I had a secret — one we kept reli giously from you. Living, I would never have told it ; dying, it is yours. " Can you go back in memory, Clive, to that night when Ethel went with me up to the state-room to the old oakeu wardrobe, to choose some costumes for the charades ? You remember the evening — Miss Verner went with us, and she left us to look for some antique jewellery. While she was gone, I saw my uncle's old dressing- gown, the one he wore the uioruing that he died. You remem ber the faded golden tassels that he was so proud of. " Seeing it there, for love of him I took it out and opened it. It fell from my hands upon the floor, and I beard a peculiar sound, as if something was in the pockets. Can you gjpss what is coming, brother ? I felt in one of the large pockets, and fouud a sheet of parchment. I drew it out, Ethel watching me all the time, and we both saw, in large letters, the words, ' The Inst Will and Testa ment of Jocelyn Verner, Knight.' " I read it through, Clive, and Ethel read it with me ; try to forget it. I am sorely grieved to tell you. It was a will revoking the one made in your favour, and, because I bad been a successful soldier, leaving me our uncle's heir. I cannot tell you when it was dated. I did not look to see. I do not know who drew it up, nor do I know who witnessed it. I did not care to know. I remember seeing the name of Martin Knowles, and then I remembered his surprise' when the will was read. " Ethel and I read it together. I shall never forget her, brother. She fell on her knees with a bitter cry. 'Oh, Lance,' she | quid, ' I shall lose my love.' ; " ' Why ? ' I asked. I " ' I would marry him,' she said, ' if he were as poor as the poorest, but my father is proud, and he will take me from him.' " I knew how much she loved you when I heard her weep. The parchment was not very large. Before she bad time to speak I had cut it into narrow strips and burned each one as far as I could in the flame of the- wax taper. " That was all our secret, Clive, we had no other — no guilty love, brother—believe ne, none.' " I looked up at her with smiling eyes, but she was more aghast, than ever. " ' What have you done, Lb nee,' she cried — ' what have you done? ' " Let me do her justice, brother. I could not comfort her. In vain I told her the pro perty was yours by right, that I should de test the burden of it, tlmt I would not be bored with it. I could not reconcile her to what I had done. I tuado her promise me never to tell you, and I kuew she would lose her life rather than break her word. " That is why she wept when I was going away. She thought I ought to be rich, idle, and safe at borne. She thought it a deadly wrong that I, whom she chose to consider the heir of Lynde, should go to be shot at. " She wrote to me — it was the letter that you found — begging me to see her ; and when I went she wearied me with prayers for permission to tell you, even after I had gone ; but I would not — I would not, Clive ! I knew you too well. Even though the will was destroyed, you would have made me abide by it, and Ethel would have lost you. I thought you would forget it all in a few weeks' time, and I have been waiting ever since to hear- of your marriage. Surely you aro not at variance still. She would never tell our secret, I know; but you must have known her to he innocent of all wrongdoing. " Tell her now, if she is by your side, that her promise is no longer binding ; and, without reading my letter, she will tell you the same story. And, Clive, it is better to be safe. I feared at first that there might be some copy of tbis second will, and tbat, in years to come, there might be danger to you or your children ; so, before I left England, I made a will, leaving everything to you. It lies now in the.hands of Messrs. Malcolm and Co. It strikes me that my uncle was busy over that will before he died, and that he wished to tell us about it when he asked us to come to the library to him — do you re member? " Ah me, Clive, I shall never hold your children in my arms — my eyes will never rest on your face again ! I am dying very slowly — it may be weeks before my pains end. A Maori chief took aim at my heart, and two of his bullets still remain in my chest. Good bye, dear old friend — dearest, best beloved brother ! I can bear the long low moan of the ocean waves ; I can see tbe bright skies. When I meet you again, brother, you will know that all I have told you is true. Kiss Ethel for me. God bless you ! " Was it any shame to Clive Verner tbat, when he read bis brother's letter,' he knelt down with it in his hands and covered it with tears — that he prayed to Heaven to hide hiin from his fellow-men— that he longed to kneel at Ethel's feet and ask her to forgive him — that he loathed and hated himself just as much as be admired and loved them ? Brave, loyal, kindly Lance, whom he bad flung from him with such infiuite scorn, whom lie bad denounced as traitorous and untrue ! Ah, dear Heaven, how mean and pitiful he seemed by the side of such a man ! Was it too late ? Was there no hope that he should hear his pardon from his brother's lips before he died ? They tell to this day at Lynde how Clive started for Now Zealaud with less prepara tion than suffices some for a visit to London — how ho carried off with liitn at ruinous ex pense the cleverest doctor iu England. They tell, too, how he roached the camp where his brother lay — how the two met, and Clive knelt humbly as a child to ask pardon of the loyal young hero whom he had dared to doubt. Lance Ayrton did not die; tbe clever doctor, under Providence, pulled hint through, and the brothers went to Italy together, where Lance recovered his health, although he never quite recovered his strength. They made an amicable compromise. At first both stoutly refused to take Lynde, hut Doctor Levison, who was called into council, advised Clive to retain Lynde ; the large sum of money Baved by Sir Jocelyn, added to the twenty thousand pounds alrendy given to him made Lance a rich man. He consented to take no more. Clive was sure that, even should the rumour of Ethel's engagement prove false, she would never forgive him. Lance declared she would. Strange to say, the first news they heard at Lynde was of Sir Reginald's return. " Wait until to-morrow," said Lance ; it is Christmas Eve, and no Christian could refuse to pardon on such a day as that." Chapter V., and Last. The Christmas bells are chiming iu Ililston Church — Hilston, near Thornbury Castle ; the snow falls softly and lightly ; all the winter air seems thick with the mystery that for more than eighteen centuries has never grown less. It is near two thousand, years since tho Star shone over the stable, yet tears rise in our eyes, and love iu our hearts, as though it had been but yesterday. The wind has fallen into a soft; wailing murmur ; the snow has ceased ; the blue wiuter sky is studded with silver stars ; the world lies iu its white dress, fair as though no sin had ever darkened it. All the trees iu ' Thornbury Park are fringed with snow ; it lies in little soft heaps on th6 laurel and holly leaves ; it has covered meadow and wold and hop- garden. Far as the eye cau reach is a deep sheet of silvery white. There is great rejoicing at Thornbury Castle. Sir Reginald has been absent two years, and on tbe occasion of his return he has given a grand Christmas party, to which friends and neighbours from fur and near have been invited. The windows are ubaze with light, tbat fulls iu great floods upou the white snow. Insido, the old walls seem to rock-, with merriment; willing hands have twined such glorious masses of Christmas evergreens, shining laurel, scarlet-berried holly, dark, tapering fir, white-flowered laurustinus, and the pretty, graceful mistletoe, Thero are evergreens in such profusion that one sees nothing else; they are wreathed round the picture-frames, at the feet of tho statues; they stuDd in massive buuehes against the wulls. Tbe house looks like a minituro forest. In the great drawing-room the Yule log burns on the hearth, the golden light of tho chandeliers falls upon fair faces uud flashing jewels. The fairest lady there is the tall beautiful blonde who wears the superb dress of blue velvet, so richly trimmed with pearls — a lady with a magnificent face and a queenly head crowned with golden hair — a face that has both pride and couruge in it. For Ethel Montacute can show both. She has never ceased to love Clive Verner, but she cannot forgive him that he suspected her. For his sake, and because she cannot forget him, she has refused Italian princes aud English lords. She does not know where he is. They have only been four days at Thornbury, nnd no one has yet mentioned his name. She does not know if he has yet discovered the secret, for no word has reuched her of either Clive or Lance since she left Thorubury with Sir Reginald two years ago. Sir Reginald has been kind to her. He has not pressed her to aceept any of the brilliant offers made to her — uud she appre ciates his kinducss. Time has but improved her. She is a glorious woman uow, with a tinge of sadness in her manner, for she cannot forget her first love, his deep, fervent devotion, his jealousy and despair. There are times even when she regrets having been so proud at their last interview; yet she says to herself, " lie suspected me." Tim banqueting table iu the great hall groans under the weight of good cheer — turkeys and geese and goodly capons, the time-honoured " boar's head," the noble sir loin, venison pasties that would have satisfied Robiu Hood and bis " merrie men," plum- puddings that can only be made in old England, mince-pies — ah well, we know what Christmas cheer means. The hall is bung round with evergreens ; the scarlet berries seem to flash smiles upon the guests. The grand Christmas supper was just ended, when Towsod, the butler, came up to Ethel, and told her that some ono was waiting to see her in the library. She imagined it to bo some guest who had arrived late, and went quickly into the room, the old butler looking after her with shining eyes. She opened the door — the fire burned gaily and brightly on the hearth ; the lamps were lighted. There were two visitors — gentle men — and they stood somewhat in the shade. '' She went quickly up the room, a careless, courteous smile on her fuce; but she soon stopped and uttered a low cry as her eyes fell upon the white agitated features of Clive Vomer. It was Lance who came forward and caught her hands. " Dear Ethel," he said — " sister Ethel — this is Christmas Eve ; you will forgive my brother, will you not ?" She made no reply ; but he felt her hands tremble in his. " Forgive him," he continued ; " he has suffered more than you or I." " He knows?" she said, gently. " Yes," repliod Lance ; he knows at last. See, Ethel, for many long weeks I lay dying, as every one thought ; but Heaven was good to me, and I recovered. Believing that I was at the point of death, I wrote and told Clive all. He has made such grand atone ment for it, Ethel, oh, forgive him ! I have been so near death, sister, I can understand how we all need to forgive that we may be forgiven." "Have you been so ill, Lance?" she asked, gently. " I am very sorry." " I felt grieved," he said, " when I thought 'I should never see you, or Clive, or old England again ; but, Ethel, if my death would have given you back to my brother, I would cheerfully have died." " You always were a hero, Lance," sho said. Then some one else took her hands from the young soldier ; another voice — the one she loved best on earth — pleaded to her ! for purdon. She stood still, pride and love . - doing fierce battle, two earnest faces watch ing her the while, when suddenly, amid the chiming of the bells and the gentle wailing of the winter wind, she heard the music of the " waits." They sang of love aud peace and mercy, of " good tidings of great joy," aud ended with tho old familiar words — "God make us love each other On Christmas Day." " One word, Ethel," whispered Clive — " say you forgive me, for it is Christmas Day" She bent over bim and laid her clasped hands on bis bowed bead. " I forgive you," she said ; " I love you and I am proud, but love is stronger than pride " She never finished that sentence, for Clive had clasped her-in his arms, and — she could not. Lance made his escape, ostensibly to find Sir Reginald, but he was long in returning. When he did, bringing with bim Sir Reginald, it was Ethel who spoke. " Papa," she said, " Clive and I quarrelled, and now wo are friends." " I always liked you, Clive," said the Baronet, simply. " Come and let us spend Christmas together." At that very Christmas party brave Lance fell in love with pretty Kate Duncan, who afterwards made him the best of wives ; and the two weddings took place when the May flowers bloomed and the birds began their summer songs. No Christmas party ever ended so happily as that. There was one especial bunch of mistletoe that Lance declared he would preserve while he lived ; he best knew why. The " waits " had never sung so sweetly, the bells had never chimed so merrily; aud from one to another went the sweet old salutation which we, dear reader, give to you — " A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year." Why is a ship designated "she?" — Be cause she always keops a man on the look- out. Why is nature like a baby ?— Bocause there is generally a squall when its face is washed. Why are plum-stones liko mile-stones ? — Because one never moots with them in pairs (pears). How is it that the summer always goes so quickly ?— Booauso there iB often an evening niat. 