TnE Immioeation Depot. — The barque Too- woomba, with immigrants for this port, has now boon out eighty-oight days from Londom mid should be heard of soon. But turn up when slio may, everything is ready at tho dopot for tho reception of her immigrants — soino 220 all told. The wards are in a clean, wholesomo condition ; the raattrasseB have been scrubbed and refilled, and theso, with tho hlaukets, which have boen subjeatod to a like . cleansing process, liavo been stored ready for use at im hour's notice. Altogether, the clean and tidy aspect of tho plaoo reflects great orodit upon Mr. Phillips, tho wardsman. Tho depot has now a very respeotublo appearance, having long ago lost tho tumblo-down look that it liud eightoon months ago. But improve, ments aro still goiug on. A waeh-honso has boon oreetod in tho married people's quarters ; wliilo tho girls' ward lias boen rp-weatlier- hoardod, re-roofed, aud ro-puinted. A number of narrow windows have also been inserted— six on oaoli sido. Tlioy aro at a considerable elovation from the ground, and tho window frame, which is in a siriglo pieoo, swings on a eentral pivot, thus putting a. voto upon all possible elopements ip that (direction. The pluco is not quito finished, but a day or two will bo sufficient to pat everything straight We hear that tho water is likely to be laid on soon. Tho depot is now vory comfortablo, und new urrivais hnvo little reason to grumble, especially under the new regimoof a hot meal on arrival. This may he deemed a small matter, but it is not so, as it has a material .effect upon first impressions. Chamber op Commerce.— Tho adjourned mooting of tho above, will bo hold this after noon at four o'olook in tho oflioo of Messrs. W. G. .Taoksoii & Co. Quay Streot. Drunkenness. — Ono inebriate was brought beforo tho Polieo Magistrate yesterday morn ing, and pleading guilty was cautioned and discharged. Criterion Hotel Sale, — The solo of furni ture, etc., held yesterday by Mr, R. Ii. Dibdiu, at Mr. Cramp's Criterion Hotel, was well attended, and quite a spirited competition was manifested for mnuy of tho most, coveted artioloR, tho conaequonoo being a satisfactory price for the vondor. Tho billiurd-tablo, which was new and made by Thurston, was kuookod down for £140, with all tho ones, halls, and furniture bolonging to it. Tho sale will bo continued until all tho articles aro disposed of, aud, In all probability will bo complotd to- day. ' , .. Railway Porters.— Tliero is one' remarkable peculiarity in connection with the railway do- paTtmont here, and that is tho total absence not of porters in person, but — of portors in praolioo. Frequent complaints hnvo ronolicd us lately on this point ; and wo may Btato that passengers, on rouoliiug tho station, are coin- pollcd to oarry their own boxes and trunks. Tho observation applies ovon to ladies, who liavo complained of tlio neglect whioh pervades this branch of tho department. Tho porters nro certainly there, hut make no advanco to assist passengers in tho disposal of thoir luggago. This is totally opposed to the nrnotioo observed- in alt the "homo" Hues. Wo hnvo two trains a dav. aud if tho portors htivu nothing to do hut to grace with thoir presence the departure of those trains, it must bo admitted that tlioy aro moro ornamental than usoful. A speedy reform is assuredly required in this mattor. LAnoENY— John Stocliull charged Poter Hogg with stealing somo timber from his property nt Stanwell. Mr. Jones for tho plaintiff, und Mr. D'Aroy for tho defendant. For tho defenco Mr. D'Aroy askod for an ndjournraont until 10 a.m. Thursday, for tho produotion of a noocs- snry witness. Tho adjournment was granted, defondant being bound over in tho sum of £10 to appear on that day. Bread Fruit, &o.;— The latest nows from Fiji, though not of startling interest, furnishes a fow uscf nl hints for onr settlers. Tho crops grown in tho islands compriso sugar-pano, to. baocOj.nnd arrowroot ; and wo learn that bread fruit, cultivated in' tho windward isles, is now coming- into Lovuka, tho capital. It remains touhf TJ0"8irciessliilly grown in'' Queensland" but thcro is no question about tho other pro- duots mentioned. Arrowroot, wo havo ronson to know, thrives in tho lntitudo of Rookhamp- ton, and there is littlo doubt that its cultivation would pravo romunerntivo. Unlike tho olive, it requires good land— light yot rioli— for its suc cessful production ; hut thore is nbundiiuco of suitablo soil to he had in tho oolony. Many other tilings might bo tried ; and tliore is littlo doubt tliat our settlors would gain in tho end by being a littlo more speculutivo in such matters. Arrival of South Sea Islanders.— In a previous issue we reported the arrival of the Flora, schooner, with a large consignmont of Kanakas for Messrs. Macdermott Bros., com- mission agents, of Rockhampton ; and we understand that more are expected to arrive early in January next. We would impress upon the public the advisability of taking advantage of the opportunity thus presented of obtaining cheap labor, and of giving every possible encouragement to the importers, by making known their wants, and supplying themselves as rapidly as possible. If this is not done the trade will languish, and will in the end be discontinued, to the great detriment of station owners, sugar-growers, &c.;, with whom a supply of Kauaka labor is a sine qua non. We may state that Macdermott Bros, will dispose of these islanders for £13 10s. each, instead of £18, the amount hitherto charged; that the Kanakas will be bound to serve their employers for three years, under a written engagement; and that their wages will amount to £6 a-year eaoh. Hence, a Kanaka will cost his employer £10 a-year for three years, in addition, of course, to food and clothing. This is the best kind of labor for tropical Queensland; and as it is both cheap and good, every enouragement should be given to its importation. New Zealand Gully.— That tho above place is rioli in minerals of somo kind or other, or of many kinds, is indisputable, but at tho prcsont time it is hard to any whothor it will shino most for its richness in gold, silver, copper, or oven load. For somo years past Mr. Chalmers has boen labouring away in tho ex pectation of proving its value as a gold-field, and haying a quartz reef of an immonso size, according to his own statement Bomo 480 foot through, to work upon, ho thought lio had not only an extensive but also a satisfactory pros pect beforo him. After a long trial, during which ho orushod over S000 tons of stone, ho has decided that the reef will not pay, tho average roturns made by it during the timo ho has been working it boing less than four pennywoights por ton, tho gold itsolf boing worth only somo £2 per ounce. Ho is now on a mineral whioh is in great abundance, but whioli no ono on tho field, hot even old coppor workers, are able to classify. To tho best of his knowlcdgo it is an ndmixturo of ooppcr, silver, lend, nnd, to some oxtent, gold ; but to clear up tho mystery, and get nn estimate of tlio value of his property, ho has sent fivo parcois to Maryborough for oxaminntiou and classi fication by a thoroughly practical man, and when this is dono ho iutondi shipping twenty- fivo tons to Newcastle for smolting and refining, to test its rcnl value. Tlio oro is very honvy, and of the colour of lead, and, judging from its softness, should not be diffioult to work. It also shows strong indications of tho presence of lend, the fingers being soiled in the handling of the oro, precisely as would bo the case with that material. That it is rich with something valuablo thore is no rouson to doubt, the pro- bloui to ho solved is, whether copper or Bilvor aro either, or both of thorn, insufficient quanti ties in it to proro remunerative. Ill-usino Cattle. — "Win. Crow was brought boforo tho Court yesterday morning, charged with ill- using somo onttlo, tho property of Noali Cranston, at Lion Creek. Mr. Rees R. Jones for tho plaintiff. Eliza Cranston deposed, that on the loth inBtant defendant camo into her piiddook and put down a bundle that he had aud pioked up stones and throw tliom at her oow, and also sent his son on horseback nnd chased the cow up the road ; tho stones thrown by defendant appeared to be as largo as a man's fist. By dofendnnt: The portion where tho cow was wrb hot enolosed, nor wub defendant's gnrdon ; tho cow was not in defendant's garden so far as she could seo. Noah CriwBton, book maker at Lion Croek, deposod tlint defendant was a brickmnker residing noxt door, aud on tho 15th instant ho examined a cow pointed out to liim by his wife, and saw two or tliroo lumps on her Bide oatisod by a Btick or a at ono to the best of his belief. By dofendant : Tho i merits wore on lior ribs about a foot down from her baok. This was tho case for the plaintiff. For tlio dofonoo Tliomas Wflbb deposed that lie saw William Crow ooming along the road with a buudlo of nets from fisliiug, and Ills boy wos behind ; witucss wont to meet tliom, nnd wlion a fow yards from Crow's Iioubo heard Crow toll his boy to go in tlio garden and put a oow out, and tlio lioy went ; tlio father said, " drive out gontly," and at this timo Crew was spreading his nets out to dry on tho fonoo -. dofendnnt never went noar the cow. By Mr. Jones : Saw Mrs. Cranston on lior own ground in her own paddook, slio was not pooping round tlio oonioi ; saw ono oow in Mr. Crow's garden, hut did not soo any othor cows. William Crow, son of tho defendant, deposed thnt on tlio 14th instant, as they were coniiug from fisliiug, Mrs. Cranston s cow was in the garden, and his father told liim to go and drivo is out, nnd not to touch it, but to drivo it quietly up to Mrs. Cranston's goto and leavo it thoro ; ho did as his father told liim nnd roturuod homo : liis father was then Bitting on tlio verandah ; his father nevor throw anything at tho oow. By Mr. Jouos : Nobody else was thoro at tho timo ho put tho cow out ; Mrs. Cranston was looking round tlio door of her house. By tho Beuoli : His father was Bproadiug tho not to dry while lio wus driving out tlio oow, uutl lie saw uo ono olso thoro. This was tho casa for tho dofonoo, Mr. Jones sub- mittod that on account of tlio flat contradiction botweon tlio wituessos for the dofonoo that tlio oaso must bo dismissed, as it had beon fully inudo out by tho plaintiff. Tho Benoli ordered f-.bn 1 1- r-s- o fill" nf I" with 21s. professional costs, und 3s. Cd. costB of court, nnd iu default of iinmodinto payment six days iinprisoumoiit. The Brain.— Professor Hamilton delivered tho second of a series of demonstrative lectures on phrenology, last night, nt tho Soliool of Arts. Thoro was a good nttondnnoo. After n fow introductory romnrks, tho looturor, taking a skull from tho tublo, explained that there wore two divisions of tho brain, viz., tho mulo and tlio female. In othor words, there was a duality of tho brain, aud yet onencBS of function ; so mon and women wore ossontially ono— ono in lovo, in (ruth, in oonfidouco, in iuterost, even ono in strength, for was lio not moro strong who hud a good wife, nnd vice versa. In treating of tho lovo faculty, tho lecturer quoted somo clioico linos from Burns, the Soottisli poet, — among tliom the fino stanzas boginuing " O' a' tho airts tho win' can blaw," and " Groon grow tho rcslios, O !" Having shown tlio importance of regulating , I.- .v.- — i.„n , estimated at ouo- sovontli ns aompnrod with tho rest of tho brain, or tlio cerebrum, tho looturor paesod from what' wo may call tlio first of tho domestic group- or the lovo priuoiplo— to pliiloprogonitivoness ; tlion to inlmbitivonoss, whioh provides u homo for tho objects of tlio affections; to adhesiveness, which onhances domestic bliss, while at tho samo timo it gives zest to sooioty ; and to combutivoness, which de- feuds the (loinestio licnrth, and gives onorgy to the ohurnctor. Tlio rationale of human notion, as soon in tlio light of phrenology, was vory clonrly explained, and tho lecture was oin- bcllishcd with apt quotations from the poets. Iu concluding his observations, tho looturor announced that on tho following (this) ovoniug ho would deal witli tho life-preserving nnd self-defending organs, und tlio moral senti ments. Three gcntlomen, well known in Rock- hampton, and nil more or Iosb actively engaged in publio lifo, then stopped on the platform, und tlio accuracy of the delineations givon was frequently attested by loud plaudits. Tho Profossor Is wondortully export in liis mani pulations. A fow pusses with his fingers over tlio lioad, and tho whole character, ovon to its minutest shudoB, seoms to bo at onoe laid bare to his sorutiny. It is said that lio oan read a man like a hook, hut wo nover knew any ono who could rend printed matter half so rapidly. Tho audionco seemed highly pleased both with tho lcoturo and the delineations, and the attendunco is sure to increase. Already it is remarkably good for Rockhumpton. Land. — Tho following appears in Saturday week's Government Gazette : — For selection as homestead areas, on Tuesday, Novombor 23, nndcr tho Act of 1868 : In tho Rookhnmpton district, two blocks, amounting to 1060 acres ; for roservos : 1280 aoras, Lako Learmontli Run, Port Curtis district, for camping purposes ; 37 porohos in Townsville, for Customs purposes ; about 4000 ncros, county of Livingstone, parish of Aroher, as a timber reserve ; also, m tho same county, and near Rookhnmpton, 222 acres 3 roods us a rcorcution' reserve, to bo called tho " Fairy Bowor Reserve." A number of seloo- tions in the Brisbane, Boonleigh, Ipswich, Toowoombo, (iyinpio, Maryborough, Glad stone, nnd Mnckay land ugouts' districts ure declared forfeited. Mn. Walsh in 1'eril.— The Sydney oorros- poudunt of tho Courier, describing tlio open ing of tho extcosiou of the Southern Railway from Goulburn to Gunning, says : — Tho day was unpropitious. A fierce gale blow the whole time, levolline tho marque uudor whioh tho grand lunch was spread blowing down bouses, nnd entirely preoluding tho possi bility of nuy onjoymont. Tho Speaker of your Legislative Assembly, Mr. Walsh, who was of tho party, was nearly a victim to tho strength of the gale, for ho took rofago under tho loo of a building of woatlu-rboatds nnd corrugated iron, whioh succumbed, and the sheets of iron whirlod round bim, every ono with forco ouough to bo fatal had any struck him. Tub Steamer Queensland. — Another of those disappointments to which tho rosidoets of Uundaberg havo beoome used, occurred ou the ooension of tlio stoamer Quoousland, s last trip to this port from tho south. The stenmor was, as usual, very heavily laden, and drawing 0 feet 0 iuchos of water grounded on the Tauti- tbe Flats, and could not ba got off until the tide was lost. In consequence of this delay slio could not got up to tho town or rather the time could not be spared to do so, as she was under coutraot for an excursion trip to Rock- hnmptou on the Priucc of Wnlos Birthday. The disappointment and loss that ensued to tho business portion of our community in tho uon-rcccipt of goods urgently wanted and to tho detention of a heavy shipment of maize is by far too great au impost on a small oom- mnuity. The stuamer arrived at tho wharf, from Roeklinmpton, last nighi at too luto an hour for us to givo any pnrtioulars. — Star . Murder py Neglect. — A oaso of man slaughter (says tlio Argus), presenting somo horrible features, was tried at the Muitlnnd Cirouit Court. Elizaboth North was indicted for having killed hor husband, John North, to whom she had been married six months. While drinking ho took to his bed, and de manded wine from his wife nnd two daughters. He had been allowed to lie for days in bed without being removed, uqd when taken uwuy, his body wos not only, in a most filthy state, hut. his eyes wore full of maggots, tho oycbnlls having been eaten and portions of tho cheek and uostrils destroyed by tho vermin. Ho died on tho fourth day after liis udmission to tho j hospital, whore lio whs only partially sensible. I Tho doctor's ovidenco showed that tho presenoo , of the maggots kept up nn irritation and licoeo j lorntcd his death ; and they were likely to huv- moro effoot on a person of intomporato hubits. It was impossiblo to savo his lifo nftor his eye balls had beon eaten out. The prisoner was accused of so noglcoting lior huBband as vir tually to havo accelerated liis death, and sho wus sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Sol, n. — A poodlo of somo oolobrity met with rather a severe soil (anyB " Altlous ") at one of tho Town Hall balls/ Wliilo over on tho look out for a new conquost, he is always qnito as engor to roplonish liis ompty pookots. On tho cvoning to whioh I refer, an aaquaintanac pointed out a showily-dressed damsel to Hard- up, nnd asked if ho would liko to ho introduced ' Who tho douco is sho P " was tho rosponBo. " Oh, she is a MIbs Lombard ; her fnther is one tlio W. L. O.'s, but lio's a good follow, gives capital dimiors, and his banking account is al ways) nt tlio sorvioo of Ills frionds." Hurd-up was delighted ; ho invited tho young lndy to I tlnnco, waltzocl ilia very best, buzzed nbout liis now acquaintance for several hours, aud did tho cavaliere servenle busiuess for the rest of tlio ovoaiug He suencoded iu making a deci ded impression, and liis request for an intro duction to prpn wnB rapturously granted. The only tiling nt nil doubtful was the address at whioh lie was told ho might call, whioh I.may any was not in a fashionnblo suburb. Next morning Hurd-up mat liis friend, and told him of his succoss. " But you didn't toll me what the old buffer was." " Oh, he's a Lombard, tlie pawnbroker, and I can assure you that tho character I gave of liim is quito correct. He's always ready to lend you monoy, if only tlio collateral is forthcoming." In Christian Melhourne. — Wo clattor in church assemblies nnd religious meetings, (says tho Dunolly Advertiser) about "tho afflictions " God U sending upon us'" ; and wo beseech liim in tho ohurclies to " remove plagues " from our dwellings," while at tlio same time wc are living in suoh a foul condition thnt wo may bo truly said to broatho in a sink of cor ruption and disease. " Thd city coroner lntely held au inquest on tlio bodies of two nigiitmcn, John and -fobn Baiu inn- ->-y' son), who were suffooatod wliilo ougaged in emptying a cesspit. Tboovidonoo went to show ulub willie iiuu jouiigur luiin w »a thtiiiuiiifc iu iuq pit ho was suffocated by tlio fames of the car bonic noid gas arising from it, nnd on his fathor jnmpiug into the pit to rescue him he was also suffocated. Althouuh assistnnco was rendered within a vory fow miautos both wore quite dead when puled out. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death from suffocation. Dr. Youl, in lummiug up, passed some severe hut wcll-mcrilod remarks upon tho sanitary state of tlio rity and suburbs, nnd expressed his belief tlint unless remedial measures wore tnkeu, ore lout we Bliould be visited by a de cimating plagio." Must not tlio strauger, who walks our streets and see the pretentious oharaotor of oir prominont and publio build ings, regard us— as in tmth wo aro— bb whitod sopulchros, inwardly rotting in our own filth? The Lawyers — St. Alplionso, who flourished in the lust oontiry, and was .(liimaolf a good lawyer, laid dovnthe following 12rulos for the guidance of tlioprofossion:— 1. Novor to aooopt unjust cases, asboing peraioious to consoionoo, and hurtful tohonor. 2. Novor to dofend a oauso by illiojtuutd unjust moans. 3. Nover to burden clients with superfluous cxpensos) 4. To dofend thi causes of clients with tho same onre as ono would his own. 6. To study care fully tho dotails of a process, in order to draw nrguments fron tliom that may offoetually help the dofonoo. t To implore tlio nssistanoo of God iu ordor tc suooeod, beoauso Ho is tho pro tector of justiic. 7. If tho diliitorincss of a lawyer prove prejudicial to ulionts, he muBt reimburse! tlio loss utilised iu this way, other wise ho sins against justice. 8. A lawyor must not undertake oausos which surpuss his talents or liis strength, or for whioh lio foresees that ho will not havo leisure to prepare liis dofonco. 9\. J ustieo ami probity should bo tho character istics of a lawyor, and lio ought to presorvo tliem as tho appla of his eye. 10. A lawyor who loses a oauso by nogligonco contracts tho obligation of making up ail tho losses of his clients. 11. In the defence of a cause it is nooessary to bo truthful, sinoerc, respectful, and reasonable. 12. The qualities requisito for a lawyer are knowledge, diligenco, truth, fidolity, and justice.' St. iiiplronso's biographer says : Guided by suoh rules it is ' not to bo wondered at that ho gained an uscondenov over "u uctu- to, ....a ck, — .Jfumtnrl JuM Hiuiiuum nucii bo spoke that not only tho judgos, hut cvou his adversaries, often ranged tliomselvos on his sido. Sneli must ho tho ultimato effects of truth and honor. A Maori Ghost. — A correspondent of tho Bay of Flonty Times writes:— A short timo ago sovcral gcntlomen ' loft this placo in a wlmloboat for an old kainga called Wnitalmnui, a few miles along tho margin of tho lako ; that after landing and remaining for some timo, they deoided to remain for tho night, and finally took up their quarters in an old Maori wlinre. In the evening tlioy madn a fire in the houso nnd retired to rest. Tlioir slumbers wore not so soft ns could ho deBired, liowevor, for in a short timo sounds " strongo and unnatural" saluted tho enrs of tho would-bo sleepers, and very soon nftor a strange figure made its ap. pcaranco in the whnro, and took up a position bosido the fire. Tlio ocoupnnts of tho house, it may easily bo imagined, did not onre par ticularly for a boine iu sucli " a questionable shape," nnd Bomo of them gazed in fear aud trembling, and soon loft tho house; tlio rest romuinod with thoir heads uudor tho blankets. Ono gentleman courageously seized a frying- . pan lind shioij it nt the objcot, whioh immedi ately fled from their gazo, but not like a " hoautifnl dream." Tho spootre is described ns boing in the shnpo of a man, of a light colour, large grey hoard, with eyes liko bnlls of fire, and seemed as if it had just omcrgod from tho water, as its lioad wns covered witli wntor- cress hnuging down to its shoulders, about three feet in height, nnd n perfect skeleton, nnd as it willkod or hobbled they could hear its bones rattle liko dice in a box. Tlio story is well authenticated by nil who were present (Europeans), and thoro in no doubt that somo oxtraorlinary objoot wns soon by them, but whether a spirit from Heavon or a "goblin damuod" remains at present a profound mys tery. Ynsn lias contributed £100 to tho now Jew ish Synagogue, Sydney. Tbo New Zealand Steam Shipping Company paid £60 to n man nnmod Campbell, for having mislaid a box of liis which was stated to con tain valuablo property. The breadBtuffs exported from Adelaide this year arc equal to 150,000 tons. 