LATEST INTELLIGENCE. By Electric Telegraph. from our own correspondents. BRISBANE. March 1. The Governor BInckiU and the Lord Ashley, steamers, from Sydney, havo arrived. They were caught in the north-cast gale .and hod their decks swept of every thing. The former lost one (1) horse and tho loiter seventeen (17). The river attained its uigucst point on aunuay afternoon. The Eight Hours Demonstration took place to-day, and was a great success. The Torres Straits Mail Steamer has arrived. March 2. The Gothenburg, steamer, from Port Darwin to Mcllxmmcj'with one hundred and twenty (120) pas sengers and three thousand (3000) ounces of .gold, was wrecked on Flinders Reef on the 24th of February. The Lcichnrdt, steamer, lias picked up one lxwit with four men, all tbc others arc thought to have perished. The steamer Norseman, for Rockliampton, has been also wrecked. The master and eight of the crew have been picked up by the Lcichbardt. George Woods, one of the crew of the Lilly, has been drowned. The mail steamer Brisbane was cnught in thogalo, and had her docks swept of everything on bur passage from Sydney. LATER. The Gothenburg had eighty-five (85) passengers and a crew of thirty-six (30). The Lcichbardt dis covered the wreck sunk to the deck, the lower rig ging laying lo the i>ort side. The funnel was gone. Thccbicf ofUcorof the Lcichbardt searched the rigging and found only a ladies shawl, a comforter, and a mnt trass. The four of the crew saved arc named Nelson, Ifcrmonson, Bums, and Hudson. The men state that when they were washed away from the ship's sido they left throe boats hanging by the davits. The Lcichlinrdt kept a strict lookout, hut could not pcc a trace of any human being beyond the four men rescued. The Gothenburg struck on a lwnricr reef south-east of Flinders' passage, during a heavy gale, and blinding rain. The Norseman was wrecked in the same gale on the Btmkor Group reef, hut if she holds together and the weather is favourable, it is thought probable she may be got off. The Torres Straits mail steamer, Brisliano, from Sydney, encountered a fearful gale on Saturday. Two of her boats were stove in, thd saloons flooded, and forty-five (45) sheep and two (2) horses were drowned. On Sunday she encountered another gale, mid of so violent a character that it was con sidered dangerous to proceed. She rode out the gale safely. The flood at Maryborough was very high, tho wharves being ten (10) feet under water. At Rockbamptou the wharves were fourteen (11) feet under water. At tho criminal sittings of the Supremo Court to day, Edward Alexander was found guilty of unlaw fully wounding and sentenced to two years imprison ment. The Captain of the schooner, Margaret Jane, was remanded until tiic next sittings, on a charge of as sault with intent to kill. We received tho following telegram late last evening The intercolonial lines are interrupted. The flood at Maitlnndi, Hunter's ltivcr, has been tho highest ever known. The water has been nearly over the telegraph office." WARWICK. March 2nd, 10.30 p.m. Mr. John Dongias addressed a crowded meeting of electors in the Town Hall to-night. The Mayor occupied the Chair, and Mr. Douglas was enthusias tically received. He made uu excellent speech, which was listened to with great attention and fre- qucnuy oppiauueu. jlvuiuui vuuuuuuvu amid enthusiastic cheers. Tolograms from the " Oonrior." nkt.110uune. February 25. The Whatnnnn, a., brings dates from Loudon to January i. The socond class passengers havo ad dressed a letter to tho Melbourne Argus complain- . ing of the had accommodation and treatment they received during the passage. Tho principal items of nows consist of the do- tailed accounts of the burning, ofTtlio Cape of Good Hope, of tho Cospatrick, emigrant ship, from Loudon to Now Zealand. Tho receipt of tho intelligence of tho catastrophe caused the most profound sensation throughout Englnnd. Tho representatives of the Press from all parts woro present nt tho landing of tho stir- vivors at Plymouth, and special means, regardless of oxponso, wore resorted to to obtaiu the most roliablo information. The narrative of Mr. M'DnnaM. tho socondroato, gives horrifying accounts of their sufferings in an open boat. Thoso who escaped from tho burning Rhip, about thirty, were reduced to throe, hy death through madness in drinking salt water. The sur vivors sucked the hlood of their dead comrades and ate portions of their bodies. Tlie particulars of tho scene on board tho vossol during the outbreak of the firo arc most heart rending. The rain ceased in this district on Friday night, hut some rather heavy showers fell on Saturday and Sunday. On Monday tho wind changed to tho west, and since then the weather has been splendid. Oil the coast, as was expected, tlicro has been much destruction of property, and, as will be scon by our telegraphic intelligence, loss of life. The unfor tunate steamer, Gothenburg, trading Iwtwcen Port Darwin and Mol liourne, has Ixjcn wrecked on our northern coast, and out of 121 persons on hoard only I have been Raved. Communication by telegraph in still interrupted, and late last night we leurnt that the 1 lunter's River had again been inundated by a flood unprecedented in severity. We regret to have to record a most atrocious act of assassination, which is likely to result in the death of one of the victims. It appears that about 3 o'clock on Monday mornirtg last, tho residents near tho German Chapel, in Perth-street, were startled by laud screams emanating from a cottage in which resided Mrs. Toe, the wife of Too tho China- man, who was tried for the murder of a Chinaman, and destroying the victim's body by tire on Rosalie Plains about two years ago. On enquiry being instituted it was discovered that Mrs. Toe hail been stabbed in the breast, and ho seriously that those who flroWvaw her believed death would quickly. ensue. It was also found -that a Chinaman named Jimmy, who was in the cottage at the time, and who wan aroused by the screams of tho female, received two blows from the assassin's knife — one on the front of the shoulde, the other on tho buttock. Mrs. Too described the occurrence as follows : — She states that about 3 o'cloek she felt something cold touch her hand. She requested the Chinaman that was sleeping in the cottage to get up, and strike n light, and she would go and see how her son wan, who was sick, and steeping in an ndjoining room. She took tlie candle in her hand, and just on she approached the door, a man rushed at her, and stabbed her in the breast. She screamed, and calicd out "Jimmy" " Jimmy," when the man sprung at "Jimmy" and stabbed him as above described. After attacking bin victims he escaped by the bock door. The |>oUcc were mode acquainted with tbc cir cumstances, and at early hour Dr. Roberts attended the unfortunate woman and tho Chinaman, and pro nounced tbc case of the former as hopeless. The Police Magistrate then took her dyingdcclaratinn, in which she stated that she positively identified the assassin as her hudiaud, Toe; her littlogirl and Jemmy were also equally certain as to his identity. The police atonco took active measures to secure Toe's arrest. On examining the place they found on the west side of a paling fence, adjoining tlie house, d swag, and a blue and red blanket, on which a man bad evidently been camping. A square piece had been torn out of tbc red blanket, and bail lioeti made into a sort of cap, and was so arranged as to conceal the features. Tlie tracks of a man, from the house to the Main Range were found, but were lost through cattle crossing them on their way to water. Up to the present Toe has evaded bis pursuers. On Monday afternoon it was hoped, from favoumblc symptoms, that the woman's life would be saved, but early yesterday morning a change for the worse took place and Dr. Rolierts was sent for. On examination lie said that ail hod liecn done that could bo done, and that the unfortunate woman was beyond earthly aid. On inquiry at a late hour lastcvcning wc learnt that Mrs. Toe was gradually sinking, and that tho Rev. Mr. Abraham had administered to her the IToly Communion. Jimmy, although seriously wounded, is progressing favourably. The unfortu- natu woman died at half-past eleven last night. The usual monthly sittings of tho Petty Debts Court will Iks held on Thursday next. Tho following is the cause Yistr— Undefended Cases. — C. H. Ilart- mnnn t>. K. T. Fry, of Stauthorpo,.Cl 15s., fruit trees sold and delivered, llolbcrton and Co. v. 51. A. O'Sullivon, £6 12a 9d., goods sold and delivered. J. J. Thurston v. D. O'Sullivan, of Emu Crack, £2 18k. 3.s., work and labour done. W. 0. Balls v. Charles G. Darcy, £1 10s., value of twenty lags unlawfully detained. Defended Cases . — Gotl lob Brow p, W. Kirk, £3 10s., damage done by pigs. John Wenzel v. J. 0. Groth, £0., value of a watch. The usual monthly meeting of the Municipal Council will be held this afternoon, at three o'cloek Among other business the' Mayor is to movo the following motion — "Tbnt, in order to secure the Company, the Council wish uuanimously to express their approval of the movement ; and pledge them selves- to erect such a number of street lamps as limy mnyYlccm sufficient for the present requirements of tlie town." It inny not ho generally known that tho Crow's Nost Run has boon forfeited by Mr, W. B, Tuotli, and will shortly ho thrown npon for selection. Tjib first fortnightly payment of tho Toowoomha Pennanont Benefit Building and Investment Society was madu at tho office of tho Socioty, Ruthvon strcot, on Monday cvunlng. Tho amount paid in was .£01 19s. lid., and thirty-one additional shares wcro taken up The muuhor of shares ap plied for has now reached ono thousand and thirty- seven (1037). We are glad to announce that an effort is to be made to tender some substantial token to Mrs. Ash- worth, in recognition of her many voluntary ser vices in aid of churches, societies, and public and private charities, Wc understand a concert is to be given for the purpose, and in order to make it as successful as possible, 51 r. Kaustaughffo's new Con cert Hall has l>ecn engaged for the occasion. Mr. Cox has consented to act as conductor, and our lead ing amateurs have tendered their services. Mrs. Ashworth has never refused her assistance when solicited on lxibalf of deserving objects, and wcliope the movement now made to recognise her services will be in every way successful. Notwithstanding tho somewhat unfavourable rc|iort that was issued by the Darling Downs Jockey Club at the termination of their financial year, it is satisfactory to notice that the credit of the district, so far as .racing matters arc concerned, Is to be maintained. fn to- day's Jssuo we publish the l>lV£tUIUIUU U« U1U iMIIIUUI WIUUIl iUU IIAUU lor tho,3rd and 4th of Juno. The amount of the first day's prizes amounts to £170, and the second to £200, the -total added money being £370. The -Committee of the Jockey Club aro deserving of , credit' for the excellent progranunu they hare pro- paitri. and it is to be hoped that thoso who derive considerable l>cncfit from nnnuai gatherings of this character will not be backward in their pecuniary support of the Club. iKnnrndvcrrising columns will be found the Animal Statement of tho Trustees of the Drayton and Too- wobnibn Cemetery, and the accounts of Receipts and Disbursements for the current year. During the past year there have lieen 135 burials, against 134 for the year 1873. Tho Trustees commenced the year with a credit balance of £127 18s. 3d., and the receipts for the year have been £'145 6s. Tho dis burscmcntK have amounted to £149 59. 4d., leaving a credit balance of £123 13s. lid. Against this latter sum the Trustees have recently accepted a tender for fencing in an additional four acres of ground, which will cost altout £50. Altogether we think tho present management of the Drayton mid Toowoomha Cemetery is creditable to the district, and satisfactory to the inhabitants. Mb. John Douglas, a candidate for tlie repre sentation of Darling Downs, will address the electors at the School of Arts, to-morrow (Thursday) ovening, at eight o'cloek. 5(r. Douglas is a colonist of long standing, and is nut unknown to tho political world, having represented Darling Downs ill the Now South Wales Assembly before separation, and Eastern Downs in the Queensland Assembly since separation. He is ono of the most fluent and gifted of our public speakers, and we are confident that even thoso who may differ from him on political questions, will Ixi edified, if not instructed, by his ' address on Thursday evening. A9 the Governor Blackall, Ktcamcr, experienced such a rough passage from Sydney, it may be inter esting to our readers to know the list of her passen gers. Among them will bo found the name of Mr, and Mr. Hunter, tho daughter and son-in-law of Mr.' William 3(ilcs, M.L,A., who have just returned from a visit to the old country ; Hon. nad Mrs. A. E. T. Perry and servant, Airs. Hunter and servant, Mrs. O'Connor, Miss D. Harrison, Miss M. Ilurrowcs, Miss Harrison, Miss Hunter, Messrs. W, Miles, F. A, Audcrton, J. Pancc, W. Hunter, J. Hunter, U. Hunter, Abbott, Flamstcad, W. Collins, and 15 in the steer age. Tho Courier states that tho vessel experienced llgut IHIIHU-VMI. H1IHM UMU UI1C WCttlUW.IW oral IVXUL Point ; thcnco to Smoky Cape, strong easterly winds, with ' high sea, followed by a heavy easterly gale, whicli lasted till noon on Saturday, during which the vessel shipped largo quantities ot water. On Satur day, at 1 a.m.t a tremendous sea broke on board, earning away fore-cabin companion and rail, and sweeping tho decks of everything moveable, tho steamer being hovu-to for ten hours. It is stated (says tho Courier of Saturday last) that at a meeting of tho Executive, hold on Thursday last, the sentence of death passed hy Mr. Justice Lillcy,attho last Ipswich assizes, upon James Sul livan for a criminal assault of a most brutal charac ter upon a married woman was commuted to twenty ycam' penal servitude. The misguided and demor alising clemency that has recently been exhibited by tbc Government to all clsses of notorious criminals must soon react most injuriously upon tbc commu nity, If there is ono class of capital offences mora than another in a Rparscly-pcoplcd territory like ours which should be visited wilh the utmost rigor of the law, it is this worst actof criminal ruffianism towards unprotected women. At the rate wc are progressing, the sentences of our Judges will, in the estimation of our felonry, l>c a solemn force, nt which they can afford to smile. Yesterday, a man was summoned to the Police Court for pummelling his wife and kicking her. The gcutlc creature was fined five shillings 1 The cowardly ruffianism that revels in woman-beating and brutal abuse lias evidently a very clear field with us jud now. Doubtless the estimable creatures will "make hay while the sun shines." A Correspondent at Rosewood favours us (Courier) with tho following account of an act of great bravery performed by a Sooth Sea Islander in that neighbourhood, during tho recent floods and we are glnd to see that tho gallantry of the man is not to go without substantial reward. Our correspondent says -A noble deed was done on the 24 tii instant by a South Sea Islander named Paulina. A Gorman, named flansebildt, hail crossed tho Western Creek Bridge in aufety on a weak and jaded horse, and essayed to cross the flood across the main rond with a view to reach thu/tnsuwood station. Ho was neon by 5Tr. Scot Smith to he urging ids horse, which refuse! to cross. Tlie result wa« that the horse foil over tho corduroy which forms the approach to tho culvert, and man and beast wore nt once in ducp water. A good horse and calm rider would have had no diffi culty in getting out, but thu result of their efforts was to suud them down thu cm-root, tho inmi cling ing to the horse, which waB apparently dead. Mr. Smith at onco called Paulina, who ran down to tho creek and plunged in. With.skill and strength almost incredible, ho succeeded in releasing the man from the horse ami .towed him into shallow water. He was speedily restored by tho skill of a " bush doctor," wt.o chancel to bo on tho s;>ot, and wont home next day minus horse, saddle, bridlo, and I liat. I hope you will insert this for tho anko of doing honour to a brave man. A subscription is on foot to bay him something as a mark of our esteem for him here. The river, last night, says Monday's Courier attained a greater height than at any previous time during this flood, going right up to the wharfinger's cottage at tho A.K.N. Company's wharf. Stanley and other streets in South lirisbano were submerged Hotel, and making communication n very round about matter. Home residents in Ilopo-streot have, wo hear, been compelled to abandon their houses. The state of affairs on tlie North sido boiitnd tho Gaol is mod unpleasant. Nearly half of the Church of England Cemetery is submerged, and some of tho residents in thu vicinity have been flooded out At several of thu wharves it was found necessary to sot to work yosterday with men and drays and shift goods Iwyond the point where thov had been secured whon tho lluud was thought to havo been at its highest. an Incident of Flood Time.— Tho Queen hind. Times of thu 26 1 h Instant snvs ; — " The present aspect of, our river reminds its of a few weeks' Fojoum on the Logan in the year 1803. Perchance a short description of it may not l>o tmintoruding. Wo were surveying the junction of the Albert anil tho Logan for thu Government, when, on the 20th of January, l>cgnn a "rain of terror." Our camp was pitched, (hanks to Providence, upon an elevation, although close to tho tidal rircr. An ana-branch — that is, n creek which comes out from, ami rejoins, tho river — surrounded our camp, and for many days wo were isolated from colonial humanity, waiting paticnt!y(or impatiently) for tho approach of tho wasting water to wash us with particular intensity into the somewhat extensive Pacific. Inch after ifich grew the craving river, until it crawled within a yard of our tent, after which it lieat a slow re treat. When we were nt last enabled to procure a dinner of ltccf, our Chinniunn said, " Do you know, sir, what wo have Ikjcu living on lately?' Not altogether," was our reply ; 'butlxfforc yon tell us let us finish our dinner. Wc finished it ; and then wc were admonished of tho greasy fact that wc hod boon livingjm taHow candles — and living well, too I Wc happened to have a thorough cook, and when wc were starting for tho Logan the grocer had chosen to mistake the order for 20lb. of candles for 200lh. ; and the puff-paste made of this kept tts alive and merry, fho fun of tho thing was, that whereas the general idea in Brisbane was that wu were, if not drowned, at all events semi-famished, wc reached The body of a man, says tho Dally Herald of Saturday, about six foot high, andUOycnra of ngo» was found during tho present week, about 240 yards from tho old track betweon Wnrrn Warm and Daandine, and tho Rarao distatteo from tho lloma road. Tho deceased wasdressod in n brown or dark gray tweed coat vest and trousers. Thorn was found on his pernon, nn English Silver Hunt ing Watch, No. 50920, five sovereigns, 13s. fid. in silver, and a ladies' opera glass. The body ap peared lo have been where it was found for four or fivo months. No murks of violence could bo detected, and it appeared ns if ilccoasod had lain down and diod. An enquiry was held hv tho Police Magistrate, but no now facts wore elicited. A Monkey w Difficulties. — Tbc Bendigo Advertiser is responsible for the following amusing story : — " A monkey— -one of two that have recently been running loose in tho vicinity of Lloyd's stable, Hnrgreavcs street, Sandhurst — is missing. It appears (says tiio Bendigo Advertiser) that on Tuesday forenoon this monkey, observing one of Bruec's soda water and I>mnnndo carls stand- Ing convenient, descended from the roof of an ad joining building, and, in dcfiitoce of that clause of the Police Offuncoa Statute having reference to putty larcony, made off with n bottle of very highly aerated waters. Ascending again to the ridge of tho building Jnokn proceeded to nibble off the wire, mid, having thus fur lioou successful, was smelling the cork, preliminary, it is to be presumed, to its extraction, whon suddenly there was a tremendous explosion. Jncko was observed to spring several feet in tho air, and ttpnu alighting lie proceedod in tho fastest time on record towards Kangnroo Flat. Whero thero hitherto wcro two monkeys there is now only ono, and ns soon ns tho survivor, who had cto.soly watched tho proceedings, observes a sodawnter cart he nmkos tracks." A Musical Snake.— A Bomowlmt awkward in- cidont occurod at the entertniomunt which took plnco lately at the Torrnra public school. The affair was about half over (says the ATama Journal), and tho hand bad just finished one of their musical performances, when a brown itnnko was observed on the wall-platoof tbo building, making its way towards the platform. The chair man, Mr. J. Marks, recommended tbnt tho general nudiencn should quietly leave the room, in order that tho intruder might ho dealt with. Tho au dience retired accordingly, with nil convenient despatch, some fifteen persons or so remaining behind. Tlicso having procured sticks, &o.;, soon brought tho reptile down on tho floor, whoro he wns nt onco disposed of. The nudionco then re turned to their seats and tho entertainment pro ceeded. The simko is thought to have obtained an entrance iota the building from a peach-tree whoso ImiigliR were in contact with the eaves; and his visit is to be considered, wo suppose, as nn illustration of the susceptibility to musical sound which is said to characterise such reptiles. A most savage at lack, says tlie Chronicle, was madu on Tuusday afternoon, by a vicious raiu on thu person of u little girl, daughter of 3Ir. C. llixlg- kiss, of thu Victoria -Hotel. It apjM-ars that, at thu lime of thu attack, tho child was going toschool, and Ijuing a little lata, was hurrying as fast as she could, and when Ixdwocn the Roman Catholic Church and thu lute Dr. Spasshatt'rt residence she had occasion to pass the ram. who-u tcmpur (wo presume never of the most amiable kind) had hardly recovered from a teasing that it had previously received. Tho brute, seeing thu child running, made after uml soon over- took her, when he knocked her down and horned licr several times. The little thing made several attempts to get away, bat every time she did sc the ram attacked her with redoubled vigour. At length her cries attracted assistance, when the animal was driven off, ami the sufferer curried to a ncighlwuring house in a Rcmi-consciotw state. She was removed about on hour after to her jwurnts place, and Dr. Sheldon immediately called in. The doctor found thu child hod received vury severe injuries both tho shoulder lames being broken, one of the legs severely lacerated, and the body one mats of bruises. He nt once >ct the fractures and dressed the wounds, and he is in Iiojjuh that thu child will eventually recover, although she will lie confined to her ImkI for a long time. The ram i» constantly annoyed by boys, who have iromnnity front his attacks by rcawu of their flcetness of- foot; and that, not being able to dis criminate lietwcen his enemies mid his friends, when bo observed tbc child running, he took her for one of his tormentors and gave chaso, and thus made the little innocent suffer— as L too often the case — for i thu sins of others. i ON Sunday evening (says the Tasmanian Tribune) as a couple, consisting of a young lady and ber admlrer, were wnndcring in the vicinity of St. George's burial ground, the spectre, which has up till now eluded the vigilance of the police and the public, made its appearauce. It was nearly twing its last appearance in public, for the youth gave chose and pressed it so closely that it was compelled to divest itself of some of its dross, which fell into tbc bands of the pursuer. The articles consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and a skirt, connected with which was, of course, the ever-attendant im prover. The sj>otl remains in the hnnds of thu party who drove the ghost to the extremity of leaving it on the field, and the owner can have it ouappUcntum. The Narrabri Jhrahl says : — The contest for tho Bogan (we are informed on'good nutlioi ity) cost one gentleman in the town of I'arkes alone £054, and it has been estimated that the votes maybe set down at about £S each. According to tho Deniliyuin Chronicle the electioneering expenses for the Murray' electorate were, so far as regards 5Ir. Hay, something handsome. Says the Chronicle: — "The cost of re turning Mr. William Hay will roach clnso on, if not over £2000. Some squatters tells us their quota i9 £160, and as there were about 40 engaged to put bitn in, it in just possihih that their individual cheques may carry less value. As votes were bought here for the small sum of £1, paid in 4 silver,' at North Dcniliquiti, on Monday, a wide margin bos been left. Of Mr. Barbour's cx|>cn«es we have not yet any detail, but £200 would, wo think, cover all ; and for that we hear a subscription has been already initiated." portna tha trial of tho canes for riot on Thurs day (says tho fpstcich Observer) Mr. Guorg Wore, while in thu witness-box giving evidence, com plained to His Honor Justice Lilley that John llackett, who was standing immediately behind him. was using iinmltiii'.: expressions— snub at that hu (Mr. W&ru;) was thu most bigoted wretch in tho His Honor immediately ordered Haekutt Intomreat, and sentenced him to six hours' confinement in thu lock up. At thu name time he cautioned all prcaout that witnosses both for and against tho defendants must ho protected not only while in Iho box, but on their way to and froin it. Hu said that insulting or threatening Innguagu to them wns u high contempt of Court, end that if mado use of, ho would order tho person guilty of it to imprisonment in llrisbaticGiiul. At tho rising of the Court His Honor called Hackolt again before him. and said that nsho might have slnnud mora through ignorance than from iutunlhm, ho would let hiin i»tf, with a caution not to bo guilty of like conduct again. Tuts difficulty Imtwoon the captains of tho fur- tmces nt tho copper mine and the general manager Imvo boon settle), and mun are at work again. Nine furimcos hnve beun going during tho weok, but at present thu refinery is idle. This is not of much consequence, ns tho whilo motul can be re fined at any turn. It is very desirable that tbo oro should pass through tho first process as soon as possible nftor it it is raised, as It suffers moro or less from exposure, and in titno loses consider ably in bulk, wind and rain uniting to entry off tho Oner particles. But when onco it has passed through the ore furnace, and has been run off, it is safe, nud no advantage is gained hy pulling it through furthur prucetiscs and refining it flutter than it can be carried to (>ort. The amount sent away por week is still insignificant, suldom exceeding twonty tuDR or so. Thu supply of ore is well main tained, and its quality is tiomouhat belter than usual, Probably tho mine is now produclug ore nvoraging ns high percentage of copper nn over it did, and ono parcel of several tons lias boon raised running over 45 per cunt ; tho general average all round boing from 12 to 20 per cent. — P. D. Tele gram, February 10. under tuo tiendor'A dowoii to (toy ijoumrtos,' tbo Murray and Ilume Times of tho 3rd lust, status " A young lady, living not a hundred miles from tho border, who is said to have loved uni wisuiy mu too won, rccuuuy iooic exompmry vungounce on her sedncor, and if hor examplo were to bo moro generally followed tho crlino of seduction would bo ioxs prevalent, nud leas would hu heard of cases of infanticide. The story— which is well authonticatod— goes to tho offset that tho gir) had been seduced under promiso of mnrriago, ami that finding herself enceinte, she re peatedly urged fulfilment of tho. promise, but some excuse was always funnd for delay. After a timo a report became current in the district that tho dishonourable ' lovycr' Imd transferred his affections clsowhere, and was on tho ovo of marriago with another young lady. With nn amount of hardihood that showed both a want of senao and good feeling, the young man called at Iho rcaidonco of his victim's father. Tim girl inquired whether tho report as to his approaching marriago wns cor rect; Lo replied in the affirmative, when sho sckud n revolver and fired at him. Ho mado for his horse, which wns fastened up outsido tho dunr, but before he could reach it tho girl had fired other four shots, one of which woundod him in the arm, another penetrated his log, tiio third wont through Ids hat, while tho fourth killed iho liorso. It is not improbable that the affair may yet come under tho cognizance of tho authorities, lint should tlie case bo remitted to a jury, nnd tho facts ho as stilted, tho chances are greatly In favour of a ver dict of served him right ' boing returned." 