POLICE STORIES BY W.W. BMMABBIGD EN'S GHOSTS i Concluded ) The old lndy looked surprised, but though a good and kindly woman she wns no fool and told the girl to take away the tea things and have her own tea. Misss Emma did not seem to like it but she had to obey. " What is the matter officer ? Do you know my scrvaut?" was Miss Compton's _ hurried question as the door closed behind the I do, and I know no good of her. I be lieve she is imposing this ghost ou you, as it is an old game of hers, Have you no one in the hoUEe but her?" 'No one." , .. T " It is not safe, Excuse mc ma am if I recommend that you write a note to some friend which I will deliver, or got delivered, Bo as to avoid letting this girl suspect that you have summoned any one. Detain your friend for theiiight, anil I w ill take measures to fiud out what object this girl basin pnrad- ing the present ghost." (Miss Compton did as X suggested and I left with tho note in my pocket nnd without arousing nny suspicions on the part of the fair Quakeress. Doubtless she recognised me, but did not give me credit for as good a memory, and was laughing at my obtusccuess in her sleeve. " Are yon on this beat regniar now? she asked me with a sivcct smile as sbo let mc out. "No," I said, "I wish I wns, and then you could give mc a call when the gliost walkB." " Oh, isn't she a regular old cure I" she whispered " of course its all nonsense about ghosts 1 It was a streak of moonlight ghe cnllcd mo to see the other night I" I laughed with her and went on my way rejoicing. Her ridiculing the ghost ns a ' fancy of tho old lady's was an indication to me, that in frightening her mistress her object was served and she had no inclination | to inflict the ghost on outsiders. Sliewantcd to prevent Miss Cromptoii from visiting the back part of the premises at night, and to find out what was the reason she sought privacy there bad become my pleasant duty. As soon ns the patrol was changed I went and delivered the old lndy's note personally, telling the lndy to whom it wns addressed of my intentions foi the night, so that they might not be nlarmelin case of seeing or hearing anything unusual about Hie premises. Then I went hoinc to supper, and to get somo help in my expedition. I had at that time a very intimate friend in the forco who happened to be off duty, and wbo willingly accompanied me to East Melbourne, when the time came. I knew that Miss Crompton's habits were very re gular, and that all lights were out in her house at an exceptionally early hour. It wns a pitch dark night. If my duty had not made mo well acquainted with tho locality I should have found it a diffcuit matter to get over the garden wall,|as it was, I knew the weakness oE tho Camp. At the corner of the enclosure nearest to tho vacant piece of ground I have men tioned wns n bit of dense shrub bery that had made rio aqunintnncc with tho pruning knife for ycnTS, and in this corner was a small stone building, green nnd dark with time and weather, that had doubtless been a root house in the garden's palmy days. With the assistance of this building we got over the wall : and without noise or difficulty. : ' - There was one window., in thelroot house, a smnll nnd of course much begrimed one of four panes. As we paused in the intense darkness near this window, hesitating in what direction to proceed toward tho house, which was also in outire darkness, X thought I saw a ray of light rest for a moment on the little window and then disappear. Laying my hand ou my companion's arm ; to caution liim to silcnco, I put my face closo | to the dirty glass (o see if I had only imagi ned it or if there was really any cause for the light, and then I saw something whicli I bad certainly not expected to eec in that early stage of our exploring jaunt. A faint light was proceeding from the ground of the root house on tho side opposite the window, n light which moved occasion ally, ns it eventually proved by the move ments of the hand which held it. That j hand belonged to Hie fair Emma and the I light was from sm ill dark lantern. She was kneeling on tho giound, holding up with oiie hand a small trap door, nnd let ting the lantern rest on the floor ns she bent down speaking to some one below. The light wns striking full into her own face, and how very little Hint merry chaffing fnco looked like Miss Compton's quaker "Jane" would have astonished tho old lady not a little. Drawing my mate forward, I directed his attention to the scene while a remembrance of tho young lndy's former collar business made mo itch to get down and see what was up in this subterranean department. In another moment the girl came out nnd passed so close to us that I could have touched her with my hand. We waited until she had renched the heuso ere wo pushed the door open cautiously, and after some groping found the trap door that titled famously into the mild floor, and ns it was fortunately unfastened we rather astonished two young men below by tlic rapidity of our descent. The strugglo was a short one, and we soon bnd our beauties handcuffed. My mnto nnd I got more credit by thnt affair than we deserved, for we had accident ally 9lumbl«d on a nest of coiners that bnd been issuing bad half-crowns for many months. It wns a grand hiding place they had occupied through tho agency of Miss Biigden, so convenient to tho waste ground and with such a grand chance of escape in cn=o of discovery. Miss Emma got into it rather heavily that time, her former ghostly business telling hard against her. It was quite a picture to sec her at tho bar with her prim quakors attire, and affectedsimplicity ; but when the Judge sentenced her to five years hard labour I think she thought it quite possibloto be too clever at times. the end. 