PASTORAL FOR LENT. The following pastoral waa yesterday read by the Bishop of Hobart Town, in St. Mary's Cathedral, to a large and attentive audience. The opening addresses at the Synod of the Anglican Church and other annual meetings, are given at length in our columns, and our Roman Catholic friends are entitled to expect from a non-sectarian journal the same consideration for their Bishop's pastoral, which' is addressed to " the clergy and faithful of the diocese of Hobart Town," and reads as follows : " Behold he that is unbelieving, his soul shall not be right in himself, but the just shall live in his faith." Habacuc ii. 4. DEABLY BEIOVED BRETHREN,-The Prophet Habacuc bewails the deplorable condition into which unbelief with its mani- fold evils cast the people of Judah. They had rejected the God of their fathers, torn the law in pieces, and committed injustice of every kind. For these outrages they were severely punished. The Chaldeans, who were used as instruments of Divine vengeance, invaded their country, sacked their cities and towns, and carried away an immense number of captives. Not only at the time of Habacuc did unbelief exist, but at all times since the beginning of creation, and it is only when the measure of a people's iuiquity is filled up, and the patience of God is, so to say, exhausted, that the vials of his wrath are poured forth in the shape of wars, famines, and pestilence. " The sin," says St. Thomas Aquinas, " of positive unbelief which involves a wilful and obstinate negation of Divine Revelation and contempt of the precepts of the Gospel, is one of the most enormous sins in the sight of God, and of His Holy Church. To be convinced of this let us con- sider in what consists mortal sin. It is a deviation from virtue and Divine law and the most heinous sin is that which most alienates man from God. Such is the effect of positive unbelief. The human intellect once in error abandons the knowledge of God, and the will follows it in the same degree of incredulity, so that each of man's steps in the darkness of infidelity increases the distance which separates him from the light of God. So when the intellect is in error, and the will replete with malice and depravity, all the bonds capable of uniting us to God are torn asunder." On Faith c. 3. Yet, dearly beloved brethren, this heinous sin, generated and fostered by the pernicious philosophy of the day, is openly professed, and disseminated throughout the world, by means of books, pamphlets newspapers, secret societies, and many other channels, The existence of a personal God is denied against the clearest evidence, and we are asked to believe that the eternal is nothing more tb.au the corruptible matter of which all things earthly are composed; that His indivisible nature is so diffused through all his works as to become one, and the same with them ; that consequently the dogmas of Revelation are but a fable ; and that belief in a future state of reward and punishment is not only erroneous but detrimental to human progress and happiness. Such are the vagaries of human reason unguided by the light of faith, and when put forth, as they frequently are, in elegant language, and sustained by sophistical arguments, they lead thousands into the gulf of perdition. How true are the words of the prophet, that the mind of the unbeliever is not right in himself, depraved in intellect as in heart, impiously thinking his ravings superior to the wisdom of God, he propounds doctrines which are as false as they are destructive of social and religious order. In commenting on the errors of Materialism, the Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, in their Pastoral Address, dated Dublin, 1874, observe that " not now for the first time has Materialism made war on the Christian faith. The conflict of to-day is little else than a repetition, slightly varied, of the con- flict waged on the first appearance of Christianity, against its teaching concerning God, man, and the world. Chief among the opponents of the faith at that time were the unbelievers, who, notwithstanding that the wisdom of God shone forth resplendent iu the works of visible creation, yet, puffed up with worldly science, refused to God a place in His own universe." And St. Paul, whose letters are full of the details of the conflict itself, thus chronicles the issue:—" Seeing that, in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God ; it pleased God by the foolishness of (Christian), preaching to sive them that believe," 1 Cor. i, 21. And upon a closer comparison of the conflict of to- day, with that earliest one of which St. Paul »peaks, we shall see that the points wherein they resemble onch other, as well as those wherein they ditter, do but serve to place in clearer light the divine beauty of the Catholic teaching, for love of which the early Christians fought and conquered. And we, who are assailed like them, shall find victory in this our faith. " Far who is he who overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God." 1 John v. 5. And after showing that the adversary in both conflicts is identical, the prelates draw the following conclusion :—" Since then the struggle into which we are forced to-day most closely resembles the struggle of the early Christians against Pagan philosophy ; since the doctrines that aro paraded before us as the highest discoveries of science are none other than the vile Materialistic theories so often and so steadfastly rejected by them ; since the stake for which we combat is nothing less than Jesus Christ himself, His faith, with all his infinite truth, and beauty, and goodness, and all the joys and hopes that spring therefrom; let us, too, learn from the early disciples of the Apostles how to overcome the adversaries of our faith, turning away from them towards our God, and crying out with the Apostle : Lord to whom shall we go ? Thou hast the words of eternal life, and we have believed, and know that thou art the Christ, the Son of God." John vi. 69, 71. Now, dearly boloved brethren, as unbelief is the source whence iniquity flows, so belief or faith is the only barrier by which it can be stopped. We are engaged here below with two kinds of worlds, the moral and the physical. Each has its own propor laws, so framed and fixed by an all-wise Ruler, that any general deviation from them is invariably attended with mischievous results to man- kind. Faith is the law of the moral world of which God is the centre, and is as necessary for its government as gravitation is for that of the material world. " Tho just shall live in his faith." It is by faith that we aro attracted to God, and guided in that uniform path of justice which leads to eternal life. The faith of which wo speak, dear brethren, is that which is animated by charity, and consists in a firm and unshaken assent of the mind to all those truths which God has been pleased to reveal and to communicate to us, aud in a strong will to execute his sacred precepts. It is founded on the authority of God himself, who is infallible truth, aud must necessarily exclude every kind of doubt, for he who doubts, and much more, he who denies, the word of God, impugns the veracity of Him who cannot deceive nor be deceived. Very marked in this respect is the difference .between Catholics,and non-Catholics, for the former, taught by an authority whioh God has instituted, and to which he has communicated his own prerogative of infallibility, are firmly established in the knowledge and faith of revealed truths ; whilst the latter, guided mainly by the flickering light' of reason are restless and changeable, and like, as St James says " to the wave of the sea, which is moved and carried about' by the wind." James i. 6. Neither is it allowable to reject one or more of those truths, and to believe the rest. All require to be believed in their integrity and purity, for all are so united together tbat one cannot be separated from the other without breaking that golden chain that links them together, and by which we are drawn up to heaven. Nor can any admixture of error be ''allowed, for this would be only substituting man's device for God's infallible word. To reject one article of faith, says St. Thomas Aquinas, although the rest may be believed, is to destroy faith, just as one' mortal sin destroys charity. The formal, essential object of faith consists in believing all the divine truths revealed in the Holy Scriptures, and proposed to our belief by the Universal Church, " the pillar and ground of truth." 2 Tim., c. iii, 15. Many reject those truths because they are found obscure and incomprehensible, but this difficulty should vanish when we consider that the source from whioh they emanate renders them more certain and infallible than anything we leam through the light of reason and the testimony of the senses. Faith is justly called the first of all virtues, for it is the " beginning of man's salvation, the foundation and root of all justification." And the Council of the Vatican (Constit. De Fide Gath. :) declares it to be the begin» ning of man's salvation^ supernatural virtue, whereby, the grace of God inspiring and assisting, we believe the things He has re- vealed to be true, not on account of their own intrinsic truth, as seen by the natural light of reason, but on account of the authority of God himself, who reveals, and who can neither be deceived nor deceive. Faith is therefore essential. We may possess other virtues in abundance, but unless they spring from faith they will not avail in securing eternal life. St. Paul, in establishing this point by several examples from the Old Testa ment, emphatically states that " without faith it is impossible to please God, for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and is a rewarder to them that seek him." j Heb. xi. 6. Now, dearly beloved brethren.as the great ' end of our creation is to please God by due worship, and obedience to his law,it is mani- fest that this important duty cannot be fulfilled unless we believe in Him and His ; sacred Word. Faith inGod, the Bemunerator has been at all times indispensable, but since the promulgation of the new law faith in the blessed Trinity,in Jesus Christ the Redeemer, and in those doctrines which He delivered, is necessary as a means of salvation. S. John, xvii, 3. Those doctrines have been so widely diffused throughout the world duriug the last 1800 years by the teaching of the apostles and the Catholic Church, that the people of all countries had the means afforded them of knowing and believing them. Seeing, then, how vitally essential the virtue of faith is, how grateful ought you not to feel, dearly beloved brethren, who live in the splendour of its light, whilst thousands of others, either blinded by prejudice, or led astray by the artifices of wicked men, are groping about in the darkness of unbelief or error. With what care ought you not to preservé one of the mont precious gifts of God by shunning all those occasions which tend to tarnish its lustre, such as secret and other dangerous societies, irreligious and immoral books and journals, and secondly, by using those means which cause it to increase and fructify, such as daily prayer and meditation, frequentation of the sacraments, alms deeds, and fasting. You are especially culled upon to exercise your faith and charity during tho holy season of Lent. Nor is there any period of the year more opportune than this for seeking pardon for sin, reconciliation with God, and an increase of heavenly graces. " Behold now is the acceptable time, behold now is the day of salvation," 11 Cor. vi. 2. "All things whatsoever you shall seek in prayer, believing, you shall receive," Mat. xxi. 22. " In all things taking the shield of faith, wherewith you may be ¡iblo to extinguish all the fiery darts of the most Wicked One," Eph. vi. 16. " I do believe ; O Lord, help my unbelief," Mark ix. 23. "Blessed art thou that hast believed, because those things shall be accomplished that were spoken to theo by the Lord," Luke i. 45. But, dearly bjloved brethren, your efforts ought not to be confined to procuring your own personal sanctification. He who truly loves his neighbour should desire bim to participate in the inestimable gift of faith which ho himself possesses, and should ¡tBsist him to acquire it and profit by it, and there is no more effectual way on your part of gaining him over than by good example, the examplo of a moral, religions life. " In all thiugs show thyself an example of good works, in doctrine, in integrity, in gravity," Tit. ii, 7. Parents especially are under the most solemn obligation of instructing their children in the principles of Christian faith, or getting them instructed by other competent persons. This obligation is the more stringent now that the waves of unbelief have approached our shores from other countries, and are spreading poisonous waters over tho land under cover of a system of public education, which, as we have frequently pointed out to you, is declared by authorities of un- questioned weight to be hostile to Christianity. Nor should you cease importuning the Legis- lature until they effect such a change in this vital question of education as will enable you to bring up your children in the souud principles of Catholic faith. lu the meantime let us not be idle. Each one of us has a duty to perform, that of pre- serving and propagating our holy religion. Let us avail ourselves especially of thoso means approved of and designed by the church for this purpose. Of these, one of the most effective is the Society of Christian Doctrine. The object of this society is to promote among the young and the ignorant, the knowledge of Christian doctrine, and its rules are so simple that few there are amongst the already instructed who cannot qualify themselves to become members of it. Anxious for the introduction of this in- stitution amongst us, and in conformity with the wishes of the Holy Father who has enriched this society with plenary mid par- tial indulgences, I strongly recommend it to your attention and acceptance, and I hereby grant faculties to our clergy to es- tablish it in their respective districts, and with this view they shall be furnished with printed copies of the rules which they will explain to their flocks. Twelve months have not, ns yet, passed away since we had the privilege and con- solation of consecrating this our diocese to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and since that event it is our consolation to record with feelings of deepest gratitude our thanks to our loving Saviour for the signal and ines- timable favours jwurcd upon our flock. Through the instrumentality of the missions, conducted by the truly apostolic Father Julian Woods, piety has been largely in- creased among tho faithful, and numerous conversions from sin and error have been effected. You can hardly perform any act more agreeable to the Sacred Heart of Jesus than that of enrolling vourselveaiu a society, which has for its object the imparting and diffusing of that doctrine by which people are brought to the knowledge and soi'vice of God the Father, and His only begott«n Son Jesus Christ, and God the Holy Ghost, the comforter and teacher of all truth. '.'Thp grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, aud the oointuunioatiou of the Holv Ghost be with you all. Amen." 2 Cor. «iii.'l8. ' " > ' i « i uni 