Tun second reading of the Education Bill was moved hy Mr. Ward 011 Tuesday. He Jje»-.-m by admitting that any one of Ins colleagues would lie more properly *pia!ified than himself to briii<* in a Rill of this nature, but said he would not yield to them in the desire he had to see established in • x outh Australia sound practical and suflicient educational system—a statement wliit- ll ui:l.y }jti t-a Icon for wIllI. it. is woi-t.il, for there had been 110 particular manifestation of this desire prior to the hon. gentleman's acceptance of ollice. He referred to the fact that the public and press generally were of opinion that the present system was insufficient for the requirements- of the country, and that therefore the facilities for edu- cating the youth of the colony should be extended considerably. He said that the Government would necessarily be met by two classes of objectors those who thought the community would be injured to a certain extent by extending education, and those who thought that in the scheme the Government had framed they had not gone far enough. Mr. Ward took some pains to combat the objections of the first class, but he was merely fighting with a ghost of his own raising. We question if there are any persons 111 the colony who believe that education would be injurious to the community, or if there are, they are so few in number, and so extremely narrowminded as to lie entitled to no consideration whatever. In replying to the objections of those who contended for a system at once free, secular, and compulsory, he said that the Government did not think that it was necessary, in th' circumstances of the colony, and in consideration of the inUuenees that would spring from it—whatevei that may mean—to establish a system of free education at all. " H 0 did not think it was too much to sav that free education was absolutely unsuited to the requirements of this country. Education to be absolutely free must involve a large education tax, which could not be imposed except as a tax upon property. No one would say that any distinction should be drawn between those who had children and those who had not, or between those who had two or three children, and those who had half-a-dozen, and he did not .see anything equitable in compelling a. man who had 110 children to pay for the education of those who had." Mr. Ward's reasoning faculties must surely have been in a very befogged condition to have advanced such an argument. 'J he Government propose to expend £tfO,000 on Education, towards the payment of which all must contribute—men having children and men having- 110 children; the children's fees will probably amount to about £20,000 more, so that it comes to this—Mr. Ward cannot see anything equitable in compelling the man who has no children to pay a share of the £20,000 for the education of the man who has children; but he sees everything equitable in compelling the man who has 110 children to pay a share of the .£00,000 for the education of the man who has children, ll Mr. Ward cannot see the matter in a clearer light than this his mental vision must be singularly defective. Another objection to free education, in Mr. Ward's estimation, was that it would destroy the sense of responsibility which a parent felt at present for the education of his child. We should rather fancy that the tax gatherer calling once or twice a year for the education tax would bring home to paterfamilias the sense of reuponsibility much more .keenly than his having to pay a weekly fee of sixpence or a shilling. We are not in favor of absolutely free education : we merely point out the absurdity of some of Mr. Ward's argument. Coming to the " secular" question Mr. Ward stated that the Government were with those who wished to exclude the Rible from schools, so far as it was considered necessary to abolish any sectarian or doctrinal differences, but the Government would not, agree to place upon the iSratute- Book a provision that the Bible should not be read in the schools of the colony, and in this view of the question there is, we think, litlle doubt that the Government will be supported by the majority of the public. J n reference to the compulsory principle the Government did not wish the compulsory system enforced except where | there were schools established. The standard of education insisted 011 in the Bill was defined as reading, writing, and arithmetic. We should like to see a somewhat higher standard than this, and trust that in this respect the Bill will l>e amended. The measure, whatever its demerits, embodies an educa tional system far superior to the one at present 111 operation, and with a little emendation, we hope to see it carried in both J louses. Messrs. Blyth, Ross, and Bower having spoken to the question, the debate, 011 the motion of Mr. Rees, was adjourned till the following Thursday. Til K firearms 1'il! as amended in Committee Lliut u [i&rniJii; *mli , j< i i i ^ .. .... i ^ f/iin or lirearm within t.ljc boundaries oi' proclaimed counties must have a licence for doiny; so, tin; cost of the licence to be ten .shillings. This is the meaning of the lirst clause of the. 13111 ; although by the way the meaning in not ve.-y clearly stated, for the words are lhat every person who sha/1 "desire" to carry a gun hliall take out a licence for the purpose. The measure has been well characterised by two or three members as a useless piece of legislation. It is one of those numerous measures that are brought forward every session for 110 earthly purpose, apparently, except to give loquacious members an opportunity of having their palaver recorded in print. There have been no valid reason advanced to show that the l>ill is needed by the country. No reform, says 1'iiickle, can produce real good unless it is the work of public opinion, and unless the people themselves fake the initiative. The people have not asked for the Firearms' Hill, for the very good reason that, they do not want it. The Commissioner of <„'ro\vn Lands, who introduced the Bill said thai; it Lad originated in consequence of reports which had been made by the police authorities respecting the reckless anduiidue use of firearms, and lie mentioned that several accidents had b'^en reported as having resulted ]':• 0111 the careless use of guns. We are not aware that there lias been any remarkable increase in the number of such accidents of late, or that people have been less careful in the use: of lirearms than they were before. Accidents of this nature have occasionally occurred from the time when the first gun was fired until the present day, and similar casualties, in spite of every precaution may be looked for as long as powder and shot continue in use. Granting that such accidents are 011 the increase : are all the spoi lsmen in the colony to be taxed because a Cockney noncompoep now and then proves himself unlit to be trusted with a gun? With as much—or as little reason might a tax be laid on all the owners of horses in the colony because an indiflerciit rider rider sometimes comes to grief, or endangers the limbs of pedestrians by his reckless nding. If the Bill should pass the Assembly, it is hoped the better sense of the Council will throw it out. FKOM the iimual report just issued by the Public Works Department for 1871 we find that the total expenditure on public works executed under the direction of the Commissioner during the year memiond amounts to £58:i,*j:i:i OS. fid., as against £23!>,:i'2.j in Among the items of expenditure are the following -Itoad through township of Wallaroo. £500; road through township o Moonta, ioOO ; road from township to jetty | at Moonta, £1,200; Moonta water supply, I £4.(i22 8s. 8d. - Port Wakefield and Kadina Railway, £3-1,105 12s. 2d. ; aid to Institute, were handed Wallaroo £500,• and the following grants over to the Corporations of Mooula and Wallaroo respectively for expenditure 011 roads—Corporation of Moonta, £1.700; Corporation of Wallaroo. £500. Respecting the Port Wakefield and Kadina Line, the Engineei-in-Chief reports: —" The permanent sui vey of this line is now completed, and the first ten miles from Kadi:ia is under con tract; the remainder will be ready for contract during the prescii L month (Mai ch). The rolling-st ock has been ordered, and is 111 hand. The rails and sleepers are now being landed for this line." The four stone tanks at Moontaforconserving storm waters, arc described as each being ninety nine feet long, and twenty nine feet seven inches wide, bv thirteen feet six inches deep. They are each covered with a galvanised iron roof, and are each provided with subsidence basins forty-six feet nine inches square by six feet deep. Each tank holds, when full, 202.4-12 gallons, or a in the four tanks of 80!)J(',S gallons. are total They strongly built of masonry : and fiftyfour chains of large, and one hundred and ninety-five chains of small catchwater drain s have been cut. Each tank is furnished with a pump and staging as is securely fenced in. With reference fo the Moonta jetty the Engineer-in-chief states that it has been lengthened ninety-two feet, by a width twenty feet, and a double line of rails laid ; also a live ton crane supplied. of At the shore end a timber approach sixty-six feet long by twelve feet wide has been erected, and the remainder of the approaches completed The present depth of water at the end of the jetty at low water spiing tides is seven feet three inches, a depth inadequate for coasting steamers, and it will be necessary at some future time to extend if eight hundred feet further seaward, by which means a depth of fifteen feet of water at low water spring will be obtained. We have heard nothing further of Mr. Wcsf-Iiiskine's notable scheme erecting another jelly at. Point Hughes. Of course if this worl: is decided upon being cairied out, the money spent 011 the jetty will "have been almost utterly present wasted, and Moonta will probably have to wait years before a jetty, adequate for the shipping requirements of the district, is completed. the meantime the inhabitants must put with the loss and inconvenience entailed upon (hem in consequence of the In up miserable iiu-.llicient condition of the present Hall' constructed jetty. Eventually we suppose the jetty, Jikethe'one at Glenely, will be used for little: else than a favorite lounge for nursemaids, who ought to be profoundly grateful to a paternal Government, for erecting such cost ly f. .!• Itoir on,,CL-ial dcleclaLlon. WALLAROO AND KADINA RAILWAY. — In the Legislative Council on Tuesday Sir. H. Ayer's obtained leave to bring in a Bill for an Act fo amend the Wallaroo Railway Act. Two or three cases of measles are reported to have occurred in the township. It is to be hoped that we are not going to have a general visitation of this terrible malady again. Port Darwin is to be made a free port, the House of Assembly on Tuesday having, on the mot ion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands assentc ! to the insert.ion of a clause in the Northern Territory Bill, abolishing all tonnage harbor and other charges. INQUEST. — On Monday, July 12, at the residence of Mr. Tremberth, Boor's Plains, Mr. F. W. Gurner held an inquest on the body of Mrs. Elizabeth Warne. The evidence adduced was to the effect that deceased, on the previous evening before going to bed complained of a pain in her head. In the morning she was found dead in bed. Dr. Robinson stated that having made a superficial examination of the body, he supposed that the deceased had died of fatty degeneration of the heart. The jury found that the deceased died of disease of the heart. BOWMAN'S IMPROVED REAPER.—An advertisement of this machine appears in another column. At a trial of the machine which look place 011 a farm near Belvidere, several gentlemen experienced in farming matters were so pleased with the result that they publicly certified to its success, stating lhat they had great confidence in recommending the invention as a means of saving a large amount of labor and expense in reaping ami preparing wheat for the market, and that they believed its adoption would prove a boon to the agriculturists of South Australia. THE DOG ACT.—It will be seen in reference fo our report of the meeting of the Moonta Council, that the Government appear determined to enforce the provisions of the Dog Act. WE reprint, for Ihe information of our readers, the clauses especially referred to in the letter read before the Council :—18. The owner of every dog that filial 1 be found at large, not having a collar round its neck, with the number corresponding to the register ol the same, and the number of the district in which such dog is registered, shall, upon conviction, forfeit and pay for every such dog a penalty of not less than Five .Shillings nor more than Forty •Shillings.—I>j. If any dog shall, 111 or upon any street, thoroughfare, highway, or public place in any part of the said Province, or 011 any private property other than the property of the owner of such dog, rush at or attack any person, or any horse, bullock, cattle, or other animal, whereby the life or limbs of any person shall be endangered, or shall in any other way injure or endanger property, such dog shall be liable to be immediately killed or destroyed, and the owner of every such dog shall, on conviction, forfeit and pay a penalty of not i ^ss than Forty Shillings nor more than Five Poiinds every such offence; and the party damnified may also recover from such owner the amount of the damage done by hv such do-. doj —20. The owner of every dog shall be liable in daimiges for injuries to any sheep or cattle done by his dog; and in any such case it, shall not be necessary to show a previous mischievous propensity in such dog, or that the injury was attributable fo neglect 011 the part of such owner. The Exhibition of the Victorian Academy of Arts, which is now open in Melbourne, contains one hundred and eighty-one pictures valued at £2000. THIS COPPER MARKET.—A London telegram dated .July 10 says that the copper market is heavy and unsettled, with receding quotations. RETURN of Mineral Claims forfeited during the week ended Saturday ilrd July :— South Devon Mining Company, Jiundred'of Wallaroo. 5487, 0-lHn", 548!), 5-100. 51!)1. THE LONDON WHEAT MARKET.—The latest telegram states that wheat continues firm, owing to an excess of rain. Adelaide wheat is quoted at -3 7s. to tils, per lilli lbs. ; and Tasmanian at 4 5s. to 47s. AGRICULTURAL AND TECHNICAL EDUCA- TION.—The following gentlemen have been appointed to inquire into and report upon the best means of agricultural and technical education fn the colony :—lion. E. Ward, Sir H. Ayers, Messrs. J. Ingleby, S. Davenport, and R. Schomburgk. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. Return of passengers inwards and outwards at Port Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, .July 3, 1875 :—Inwards—Male adults, 31 ; female adults. 17 ; male children, 1 ; female children, 1. Outwards—Male adults, 25 ; female adults, 10 ; male children, 2 , female children. 1. LOCAL ROAD BOARD.—'The following are the amounts plac-jd 011 the Estimates for the Poninsula Road Board:—Secretary, £80': overseer of works, £280; forage, allowance to overseer of works, £52; travelling expenses for do.. £50 ; fees to mernburs of the Board, £G'i ; travelling expenses of Ihe Board, 100; sundries, including office rent, stationery, printing, fuel light, and ollice expenses, £100: total, £725. LONDON TELEGRAMS.—The mail Steamer, with the Australian mails, arrived at Galle 011 the 01 h. Lord (',. Hamilton, Under Secretary for India, replying to Mr. Grant Dull' in the House of Commons, said the murderfa- of Mr. Magarey Ijad obtained a cordial reception at Leesectahi ('!). He trusted the Indian Government would insist upon Burmali placing no obstacles in the way of obtaining redress, should the King refuse to permit the passage of British troops, lie believed the King would yield to Hie demand of England. In the Committee ol Supply respecting the visit of the Prince of Wales to India, it was said the expense fo India would be conlined to pioviding the right,s of hospitality Tor His Royal Highness, which would probably cost £MO ROOO ; ihe naval estimate was £50,0(10 ; and the. Prince's personal expenses and presents would require £'',().Q()0 more. His Royal Highness starts 011 his journey ou October 17. The mail steamer Pera left Galle for Glenelg with the Australian mails on fhe 3rd instant. The; Right Hon. Mr. Bourke. Und -r Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, in replying fo Mr. Bailie Cochrane in the H ;tise of Commons, said the production of communieal ions and correspondence relat ing to the Russion o.-cupation of Khiva would be prema'. ure. The Governil,.-. iwiliev of' •] noiitial /.one, and refused to letter its freedom of action. The relations of Her Majesty's Government, with that of Russia were, friendly. Spain—General Doriegary's forces have escaped intact into Cata ! onia. The Carlisfs have checked the advance of the Alfousists northward. London—The Bank rate of discount has fallen to .'1 percent. France— The Assembly have voted the Public Powers Bill l>y 540 to 07. Spain—The Alfon-isl,s have captured Cantaviega with 2,000 prisoners. Germany—The Emperer William visits Italy in October next,. The 1 rade returns for the month of .lunc an- fairly sal.isfaci.ory ; the woo] trade is not atl'eeted by the great failures. Arrived — Collingrove and Great Britain. Sailed — Whanipo. The Lochlaggan. from Liverpool fo Melbourne, has been towed ill to Waterford in a sinking condition. The tin market is depressed, with little business doing. Straits is quoted at £80, Australian at £78. Tin: BRANDS BILL.—The Registrat ion of Brands' Bill now before the Assembly provides that the Chief Inspector of slice]) shall be the Chief Inspector of Brands and liar-marks, and ;J!1 other Inspectors of .sheep shall be. Inspectors of Brands and liar- marks Power is given to Inspectors to enter 011 runs and other property to inspect any stock or bran .ling-irons, and to take possession of and drive away any stock in respe t of which the owner has committed any breach of ihe Act. livery horse or cattle brand is to be registered, and shall consist of not more nor less than one letter and two nume rals. or of one sign or character,and 1 wo numerals, ami the pattern of such letters and numerals, and their arrangement shall be determined by the Registrar of Brands in such positions as he may decide. Only one brand is to be allowed to each person, but lie may use as many distinctive brands as he may think lit. All distinctive brands are to be imprinted 011 the. neck or check of horses or cattle; it. is not required that such brands shall b - registered, but they must be of such character and shape as the Governor by r gulation may direct. Only one carmark is to be allowed to each person, and persons possessing both horses and cattle must use the same brand for both; but there is a proviso fo fhe effect that the brand used for horses shall not be less than one and a half inches and the brand for cattle not less than two inches in length. The Inspector of Brands is also to be Registrar of Brands and liar-marks, and is authorised to allot the same to applicants. Persons convicted of using unregistered brands will be liable fo a penalty not exceeding £50. A monthly slat ment of registered brands is to be published in the (Jnze.ti?., and a brand directory is to be published yearly. The right to any registered brand or car-mark C may be transferred, a memorandum to that effect being made before a Magistrate, and transmitted to the Registrar of Brands. All brands must be imprinted on one or other of the positions allotted in the seventh schedule to the Bill. The person imprinting the first brand may brand 011 any portion he thinks fit, but every second or succeeding brand must be imprinted in a certain specified older, livery distinctive brand must be imprinted 011 the neck, cheek, ear. or dewlap, but 110 ear-mark shall be registered or made, which shall consist or partly consist of cutting off the tip of the car or any part thereof by a straight cut. Persons, however, having at fhe time of the passing of the Act, stock branded or car-marked, will not be required to re- brand or re-mark such stock. Other portions of the Bill relate to travelling stock, penalties for illegal branding or blotching brands, and to legal I procedure. 