MONEY. What is money? I am not propounding the puzzle which Sir Robert Peel proposed to the House of Commons, What is a pound ? and which I am told the wisest economists are puzzling over still. Mine is a much wider question, and iriuch' simpler. What is money morally, as a thing which can be an object to, and can act upon, the moral man 1 Money is simply the world coined down, so that we can carry if b'V»/viif. TiritVi na anrl rln ixrit.1i if: inat. wlin/fc Wfl rVlfiaSfi. Tf a, man has a sovereign in his pocket, he has just so much of the world as a sovereign will buy in a portable form, and he can convert it when and how he pleases. That currency is always convertible. Man fell by loving things external, things that touched his appetite and fired his ambition, more than things internal, things which would feed and strengthen his soul. Money is just this external in the most condensed and portable form. The rich man has the world to wait on him. The richest have the world forcing on them its harlot attractions, and laying all its pleasures constantly at their very feet. Get rich, and all that flesh can wish is at your instant disposal. Mansions, equipages, horses, dinners, balls, theatres, operas, wine, mistresses, dresses, jewels, pictures, statues, books, visits, entry into the selectest circles, journeys through the fairest scenes with the utmost luxury of attendance — all that the heart or the flesh can lust after, and the thirst of the flesh drink in, is yours if you care for it, if you have gold. G-old panders easily to lust, hatred, malice, revenge. There is hardly a passion or an appetite which does not demand money before it can become pampered, and therefore, says the apostle, the love of money, that is, the love of what it buys, is the root of all evil. It is the god of this world. Get enormous wealth, no matter how ; no matter 'how many wasted widows and stunted children are crying out to heaven day and night against you, and such slavish adulation and worship as the world knows not beside, are yours. Hudson's statue is not forgotten yet. We are getting, one would fain hope, as a people, into a some what nobler mood about such matters ; but I suppose a very rich man, who had the power, too, of making rich, would not find much trouble in getting peers to drink his wine, shoot his game, and court his daughters; bishops to usher his infants into the kingdom of heaven ; and politicians to make good berths, at the public cost, for his sons. And why1? Because money represents, more than anything else in the world, that which most men by nature love. Give those who ' mind the flesh and the things of the flesh' money enough, and there is no bound to the fleshly satisfactions which it brings within their reach. All that the flesh pines for is con tained in essence in a bag of gold. If a man minds the higher things, the bag of gold is no more to him than a gay 1 ball-room would be to a woman who was nursing her dearest through some deadly sickness ; but if the ' love of the world and the things of the world' is dominant, or even struggling for the mastery, money is a terrible addition to the weight which is dragging the soul down, and drowning it in destruc tion and perdition. It is just the most tempting thing to the soul within easy touch of its hand ; it needs an angel's purity and a martyr's constancy to endure the strain. One is- often profoundly saddened to see how money per verts and destroys justice as between man and man, and man and society. How constantly a poor man goes to the hulks for knaveries for which a rich man goes to the chairmanship of a Board, or higher ! It is amusing, too — yet there is sad ness in this also — to see how men who, when they were poor and struggling, were not thought much of — in fact, were a little sneered at — get wisdom in the world's judgment as their account swells at their banker's, arid at last get listened to by ; -A the wits and scholars of their times. Arid yet probably the. man is as much a fool and half as honest, as in the old days of toil and obscurity; but he is good now for half-a-million, and so the world is at his feet. It was said of Barnabas, ' He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith.' This same Barnabas once 'having land sold it, and brought the price, and laid it at the apostles' feet.' He was a good man. I fancy 'good man' means something quite other in the commercial cant of the day. Money is the world's god. Men idolise it, and of all their idolatries it is the most fruitful to them in crimes and miseries. You may think probably that the apostle puts the matter too strongly here, that there are worse things than the love of money in the world, and things more destructive to the bodies and souls of men. But we may not forget that man's most damning crime had love of money at the root of it. He who betrayed the Saviour to the cross bare the bag, and the chink of the silver first put the infernal project into his heart. It has suggested, without question, the most hellish murders, the most fiendish cruelties, the most wasting exterminations, which are recorded in history. It was the lust of money that withered the weak Indian races before the steps of Spanish conquest. It was lust of money which, again in retribution, swept the Spanish main with the ships of the Buccaneers, and wrote a chapter in the history of horrors which will remain dark in the records of hell. Parricide, matricide, fratricide, and whatever has deepest dye in the catalogue of crime, are its lawful children. The strongest bonds of society, the tenderest passions and sentiments of the soul, the most sacred sanctions of laws divine and human, are in deadly peril where this demon has seized the human heart as his throne. It gathers up into one fell head all that is most hateful to God and deadly to men in this evil world, and as the god of the world, Mammon, it challenges the throne. The Saviour, speaking in words of supreme beauty and power of the great choice that is before men — of life and death, good and evil, the world and heaven — selects this as the world's represen tative. ' No man can serve two masters. Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.' The strong and sweeping assertion of the apostle is sustained thus by the most sacred lips. The fruit of the love of money is set forth by the apostle in the most terribly emphatic, and some may be tempted to think exaggerated, words. 'The love of money is the root of all evils : which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.' This word covet is the key to the passage; it describes a longing and habit of the soul. God made the world, and God maintains the world, though man has made it an idol. God made the senses and their satisfactions, man makes them the organs of sin. There is a noble, healthy use of all things, which in abuse become deadly. The world is a good servant, the senses are good instruments ; all work harmoniously while the soul's love is not set on them ; while the soul is queen, and queen-like guards her crown. We shall have a world around us, and organs, senses if you will, in eternity. But there the soul will know God as its portion ; and all around it, all its faculties and possessions, will be but the means of realising and comprehending Him. It is the man who gives his soul ' to the love of gold to whom Paul's words are a warning, and what is called the world is a deadly snare, more especially in an age which seems to have made gold its god. And let me beg you, young friends, to consider that it is a passion which grows mightily by being fed. It is hot to the young man, the poor man, the struggling man, that the words apply, otherwise than as a warning for the future. It is to the man who has tasted the wine cup, the man who is getting rich, and has had a deep sip of the power and pleasure which riches always present to their possessor's lips. It is like the taste of blood to the tiger. Keep him low upon milk food, he shall be gentle and docile ; let him lick one blood-drop, and the brutal fury leaps like flame through every limb and organ, and no man can master him them. The time when a man is growing rich is the time of deadly peril. No common grace in such an age as this can keep the love of it, the pas sion for it, out of his heart. Let it enter, and mark the inevitable result. He errs from the faith. — /. Baldioin Brown. i.ii ? rii ? in ? i 