SMYTHESDALE ATHLETIC CLUB'S FIFTH ANNUAL MEETING.' SECOND DAT. — Sotcbdast, 2nd Jakcjlbt. The hopes of the committee that they wculd-fae favored with better weather on the second day appeared at first Co be doomed to disappointment' but as the afternoon advanced, the threatened rain did not descend, and the day, although showery in the morning, was better than the pre- ceding one. The unpromising appearance . or the morning must, however, have kept a great many intending visitors away, and the number .present — between 1100 and 1200 — is only an earnest of those who would have attended had the day opened fino The racing was all that could be desired ; the Four-mile Walking Match, and the Mile Race in particular, being contestedin the most deter mined manner. The handicappera were unusually successful in putting the competitors together, close finishes being the rule, and in two instances — the District Plate and the Walking Match — there was only one point between the first and second men. It was noticed also that each event was, in riie opinion of good judges, contested on its merits, without any arrangement between the runners. Mr Da vies was unavoidably absent on Saturday ; but his place as starter was well filled by Mr Ten Brink who was very successful in dispatching the runners. It is probable that the club will not despite the unusual and unseasonable weather) lose anything by the meeting, but will at least manage - to (dear the expenses. The following are the particulars of the several events : — District Plate — Of 15 sovs. Second event, 100 yards. First heat — J. FarrelL Scarsdale, 7 yards, 1 ; J. B. Graham, 'Linton. 5 yards, 2. J. Wey- bury, Smythesdale, scratch.; and T. Porter, 9 yards, also ran. Fairell won by about a yard. Time, 11 sec. Second heat — D. M'Eenrie, Scars- dale, 8 yards, 1 ; J. Treloar, Linton. 5 yards, 2. W. Davfes. Smytbes, 5 yards, also ran. Time, 10J sec. Final heat — D. M'Kenzie, 1; J. Fairell. 2. Treloar and Graham ran dead heat for third place. Time. 10G sec. ' Bail- way Stakes — Of 20 sovs. 200 yards. The first heat was contested by — R. Sharp, Ball&rat;, 13 yards, 1; J. Boyd, Bailarat, 13 yards, 2; G. Bigoell, Ballarat. 7 yards, 3. P. Thome, Hamil ton, 16 yards, also ran. Sharp won a very close race by about half a yard. Bignell came up very fast at the finish, and beat Tliorne for third place by a few inches. The time, 19J sec., was veiy fast. Walking Race — Of 40 sovs. Third event, four miles. C. Hanlon, Napoleons; 200 yards, 1 ; M. Cann, Geelong. 200 yards. 2 : W. H. Trealor, Scarsdale, 300 yards, 3. W. LyalL 25 yards ; F. Walkden, GippsXand, 350 yards ; and W. Abley. 450 yards, also started. Ly&U; gave up after going four rounds. Treloar soon passed Walkden, who passed Abley, and was disqualified for unfair walking after going about a mile. Cann and Hanlon kept .pretty near each other, and passed Abley at the eight round. In the next round Hanlon got a little ahead of Cann, and in the twelfth round caught Tre loar ; the three. Treloar, Hanlon, and Cann, kept nearly together for several rounds. Cann next put on a spurt, and passed both Treloar and Hanlon ; but in the following round Hanlon led. Going up the hill from the stand, Treloar made a splendid spurt, but did not succeed in passing Hanlon and Cann. In the last round he made another, unsuc cessful spurt, and Hanlon won perhaps the best contested walking match ever seen on the ground, by about 2 yards ; Cann beating Treloar for second place by 4 or 5 yards. Time — .2? min. 66 sec. The pace during the iast round or two was un usually fast, and the race was contested by the three placed men with great pertinacity. . The winner Hanlon was deservedly applauded for his Tsir .style of walking. A subscription was made up for Able-, who, although he had not the ghost of a chance, walked the distance at his usual constant pace. The Boys Race, 300 yards, was won by H. War- neckie, Smythesdale; C. Bishop. Smythesdale, second; and B. Hooney, Smythesdale, -third. Champagne Stakes. One Mfle--J. Doughney, Bal larat, 35 yards, 1 ; E. Donavan, Geelong, 35 yards, 2; W. Sansom), Ballarat, 15 yards,' 3. - W. H: D&lton;, Linton, 100 yards, also ran. Dalton kept the lead for about two-thirds of the distune, when Doughney and Donovan— who had been running together — passed him ; and the former led slightly. In the last round Donovan made a great effort, and came, up lhe-Straigbt running almost level with Doughney, but the latter just managed to win by a few. inches. 'Sansom never got within ; 10 yards of the winner. Time,' 4 min 268- sec. Sansom and Donovan both stated that they thought they had another round to go. District Plate-. Third even CI 50 yards; First heat — J. FarreU, 9 yards, 1 ; D. M'Kenzie, 11 yards, 2 ; J; Treloar, 7 yards, 3. Time, 158 sec. Second beat — J. B. Graham. 6 yards, walked over. Final heat — J. FarrelL 9 yards, 1; D. MKenzie, 11 yards, 2; . J. B. Graham, 6 yards, 3. FarreHand M%Kenzie were vezj dose together at the finish. Time, 15-3 sec. Vaulting Match — Of 10 sovs. E. Eobles, Golden Lake, scratch, cleared 10 feet, and won; J. E. Donegan, Ballarat, 3 inches, cleared 9. feet S inches : F. Ebbles, Golden Lake, 4 inches. 9 feet 7 inches ; Martin G alien, Winchelsea, 5 inches, cleared 9 feet 3 inches. The next event was an impromptu race between some members of com mittee, once round the course. Mr T. W. Gaggin won, Mr T. Maxwell being second. This race created considerable amusement. Mr B. Sharp officiated as Jiandicapper and starter. . Mr L. Holleson led for about two- thirds of the distance, but could not keep up the pace owing to the want of condition. Max well then showed in front, but Gaggin came down the straight running " with ike rash of the experienced athlete, and won easily. The secretary, Mr Ten Brink, found the distance was too long for him, and essaying a short cat across the grass was forcibly prevented from reap ing the intended, reward of his foul running by being securely held until the winner had reached the post. Mr Holleson declares that he will go into training pribr to the next meeting -of the dub. Steeplechase — Of 20 sovs, 600 yards ; over, or rattier through, two water-jumps. J. Doughney, Ballarat, scratch, 1 ; P. Donovan, Clnnes, 10 yards, 2 : W. Sansom, Ballarat, scratch, 3. D. Stewart, Sandhurst, 25 yards, aim ran. Stewart led the first round, Donovan being second, and Doughney third. Dough ney gained considerably at the water- juuip, passed Stewart and Donovan in. the second round, and won easily. Sansom passed Stewart, but could not get up to Donovan. Time, 1 min. 40 seCg.This event concluded the programme. J. Farrell (Scarsdale) won theDistnct Plate 'with 12 ' point?. D. M'Kenrie Scarsdale) being.secoad, with 11 points: and B. Graham (Linton) third with 8 points. For the Hurdle Race the points were as follow; — W. Davis, Smythesdale, 15 yards, first : C. Loft, 9 yards, second ; D. Stewart, Sandhurst, F. Ebbles, Golden Lake, and P. Donovan, Clunes, tied for third place,/with 3 points each. In the Walking Race 0. ItanioiL Napoleons, 12 points, was first : M. Chan, Geelong, 11 points, second ; and J. Treloar, Scarsdale, 7 points, third. The prizes were pre sented to the successful competitors on Saturday , evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, by Mr C. L.' Forrest, the presidentof the club ; Mr L. Holieson, mayor, presiding. The following are the amounts received Maiden Plate — J. B. Graham, first, £4: J. Darcr. second. £1. Hie protest against Graham was not entertained, as it was not entered in time. District Plate— 3. FarrelL first, £10 ; D. M'Kenzie. second, £3; J. B. Graham, third, £- Hurdle Race — W. Daries, first, £14; (V.Loft; second, £6. R. Sharp received £45 for winning the GritodrStand and Railway Stakes. T. -Thorpe received £3' for being second in the Flying Stakes and third in the Grand Stand Stakes. " G. Bignell - received £1 for being third in the Flying and- Rail way Stakes Walking Match — C. GanloDj first. £26 : M. Garm. aecond, £10 ; W. Trelcar,- third, £4. W. Hipe received £3 for second in the Grand ; Stand -States. Truckers' Race — J. McDonald., first, £7 W. -Sansom, second, £2 ; L.Iedd. third, £1. -. J.- Boyd received £3 for second in the Railway States. J. Harris and F. Warceckie received. £1 each for bring first , in ,-Boys. Races.' R. Mooney and C. -Bishop receiving 5s each for second place. «T. Doughney received £27 for; being first in the Mile Race and the Steeple chase. - FL; Donovan received £8, and. W; Sansom £2 for second' and third, respectively, in Ihe Mifo J Race. Vaulting — E. Ebbles, who has three times. : consecutively won this event, the last time from scratch, received £7; I.E. Donegan and F. Ebbles dividing second prize, of £3; between them. P. Donoran received £5, and W. Sansom. £3, for second an response to Continued enquiries for the winner of the Committee Race. Mr Gaggin tame forward, and intimated that his reward was their thanks, which he trusted be would receive for several years to come. (Applause.) On the suggestion of one of the com- pernors (Hanlon), a subscription was started for Abley, one- Match, yko.is In veiy poor circumstances ; .all the prize-takers contributed, and on recemiig the donation, Abley feelingly thanked, them for re membering him, stating that lie had been a pedes trian for twenty-six years, had won a great deal of - money, fcui now the young ones "were getting too good for him. He was glad they were able torSbow the old ones the way. (Applause.) Messrs. Gullen, FarrelL Trricar. and others sang a few songs, which -were 1 well received, and -the proceedings closed. 