APPALLING SUICIDE IN FLINDERS-LANE On the 17th inst., about dusk, a brothel in Little Flinders-street was the scene of a most horrible case of suicide; the victim being a native of Dantzia, named Maurice John Mackewitz, aged 42 years. About twelve months ago, a young woman named Alice Buckley was rescued from drowning near Prince's Bridge by the efforts of two men, who saw her imminent danger and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, but the other succeeded in bringing the girl safely to land. She possessed considerable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain re- pute, several persons took an interest in her, and amongst them the unfortunate man who on 17th inst. blew his brains out. He appears to have been an industrious and respectable individual, and having made the acquaintance of Buckley, he at once proposed marriage to her. She consented, and the ceremony was duly performed. With the means they had at command, the married couple too the Em pire Hotel at Hotham, and carried on busi- ness there for some time, but not with the satisfactory result that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and with what they could save from the wreck they took another hotel name the British Lion. This also failed, and about a week ago they resigned the business and separated, the woman going to live in a cottage in Flinders-lane,' where the tragedy occurred, the deceased intimating his intention of going up country to look for employment. The deceased was prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill-treated his wife. At the time she left him he was quite aware of her purpose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith with her in this respect until the 17th December, when, about ten o'clock, he called at the cottage in Flinders-lane, where Buckley lived. The house is one of a range of four, between Russell and Stephen streets, and con- sists of a front parlor and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to the rear, where the ostensible lady of the house and her children slept. One of the youngsters opened the door when deceased knocked, and informed Buckley, who was then in bed in the back room, that "a gentleman wanted to see her." She, not knowing who it was that inquired for her, sent out word for him to call again. The message having been conveyed to Mackewitz, he left, stating that he would return about one o'clock. The woman seemed to be aware of who the visitor was, and accordingly was prepared for him at the hour named. Punctually to promise he arrived. He seemed troubled and ill-tem pered, and without saying anything entered the parlor, and took his seat upon a sofa. Buckley approached him in a friendly man- ner, and, placing her hand upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to the country. He said that he intended starting on the following day, and asked her if she had got any money. She opened her purse and handed him a sovereign. Some conversation ensued as to what he purposed doing with the money. He replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and he wanted to release them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This satisfied her, and, on apparently friendly terms, he rose to take his departure. When at the hall door he stopped, and turning round he said, in tones that indicated determination, "I shall return this evening at six o'clock, without fail. Mind I am determined to see you, and therefore do not fail me." She said "All right" and he then went away. Shortly after the hour named, he knocked at the door, and there being at the time no one else but herself in the house she gave him admission. They both proceeded to the bedroom, and she, in the first instance, sug- gested that she should return him the pawn tickets of his clothes and other articles which she had in her possession. His man- ner was abstracted, and the expression of his eyes was wild and revengeful ; but she took no particular notice of this until he leaned over and struck her in the face, at the same time throwing a quantity of silver on the floor. This sent her reeling against the bed, on to which he pressed her, leaning over, and holding her down with a sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of his fingers and addressing her said, "Do you see that. That is a ring, composed of your hair." He at the same time drew from his pocket a small pistol, which he showed her. The woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. The next moment she heard a report and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and, on returning to consciousness, she found herself lying on the bed and the room in darkness. She rose and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly disfigured, lying on the floor beside the bed. She rushed to the door, and in doing so had to stumble over the corpse, and cried for help. Disturbances are unfortunately not rarities in such places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm. She suc- ceeded after a time in escaping from the room, and then screaming like a woman deranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted attention, and several of the neighbors burst in, when they found the unfortunate woman leaning over and caressing the blood stained corpse. A more sickening sight could hardly be imagined than was presented by the body. The deceased appeared a large man, with somewhat regular and rather prepossessing features. He, in committing the act, had placed the muzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. The bullet took an upward direction, traversing the left cheek and car- rying away or splintering in fragments the entire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving an aperture through which the lacerated brains exuded, falling in a mass upon the floor. Death, in its most revolting form, must have been instantaneous, and it was with difficulty the woman could be dragged from the chamber. The spectacle presented was truly horrible. Stretched at full length, and filling up the greater portion of the vacant space in the room, was the body, the face and upper portion covered with blood that still trickled to the floor and added to the ensanguined pool in which the head lay partly buried. The bed, with its elegant hangings all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture and pictures of women decolletees, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of im- morality and crime that, happily, are rarely witnessed amongst us. Beside the body was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched man had com- mitted premeditated suicide from motives of jealousy. It is as follows :- 17th December, 1875. - I write this in my proper senses and I intended to kill myself to- day, some way. My wife left me last week, through the interference of the following woman and man. The man she is living with, in a brothrel, named Polly Rosa Johnston, Louisa Felony, Mrs. Lambert, all in Flinders-lane, and the French w---- living next Sargood and Co., Flinders- street. Prostitution is the best most successful carried on under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr. Croyele the Brewer, of the Royal Mint Brewery, for being so kind after shwindling me of money some time ago to pay my wife £3 to sleep with her last Wednesday night, at the Belvedere Hotel, and Mr. Hennety for trying to do the same. I don't sign my name ; it will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living car- cas that she always may remember my in the beautiful life she and her companion are leeding, and may the course of God be on here, that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost be shall hunt her and drive her to madness and the worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, and found a man in bed with her. I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleeland's. I returned the rest to her, after paying for powder and shott. I see her at 6 o'clock my wedding day and byrrial. I wish to be burried with the lock of hair in my finger. After my body is removed I hope some of your clever detectives or police- men will go to bed with her and smell my blood. I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some money the first and last to buy a pistol and return to her, take her in my arms and scatter my brains over her cursed carcas. - Amen. N.B. - My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her her brother is an old policeman living in Dandenong, Oakley, Fern Tree Gully or Sale (Gippsland) at present, I believe. J.M.M. Married 17th December 1874. Died by his own hand 17th dc., 1875. Order for a grave stone. The inquest was held at the Galway Arms public house, situated immediately opposite the scene of the sad occurrence, on Saturday, by Dr. Youl. Inspector Ryall conducted the inquiry. Alice Mankiwitz, wife of the deceased, gave her evidence very composedly, and remained seated in the room some time afterwards. She said she had been married to deceased exactly a year. She saw him at one o'clock on the previous day, and gave him £1, he having asked her for money. He said "I am going to take an overcoat and two crimean shirts out of pawn, and then I am going up the country, and you will never see me again." Witness replied; " You can't get them without the tickets." Deceased then went away, saying that he should return at six o'clock and see her. At six o'clock he came to the door. A little child opened it. ' Witness was dressing in the bed room. Deceased came in and locked the door behind him. He then struck vvitness on the head, and threw some silver in her face. He said, " Do you re- member this day twelve months, Alice? Look at this," pointing to a lock of witness's hair upon his little finger. He afterwards said, " You are not going out of this," and threw winess on to the bed. Witness then saw a pistol in his hand, and thought he was going to shoot her. - She screamed out, "For God's sake don't hit me, arid I will be good to you in the future." Deceased then said, "Now it goes," and immediately after witness heard, the report of the firearm, and fainted. Upon recovering she found deceased lying upon the floor in a pool of blood, and gave an alarm to the neighbors. The letter produced was in her husband's handwriting. Deceased did not drink,; but had lately been very unfortunate, and had lost all his money. The separation was caused by their not being able to pay their way. They had lived tolerably happily, but deceased ill-treated her a good deal. Witness had not arranged.what she was to pay for the rooms in which the suicide took place. Her husband had been very jealous of her, and frequently ill-treated her. .She had never slept with Mr. Coyle, the brewer. Constable Michael Slattery deposed that he went to the house in Flinders-lane on the previous evening, and found deceased lying on the floor in the back bedroom on his back, in a pool of blood. The single- barrelled pistol produced was lying by his left hand. It had been recently discharged. There were some blood and brains upon the bed, and a portion of deceased's head was blown off. A number of small bullets were lying on the floor. The letter produced was on deceased's right side. There was a ring of hair on the first finger of deceased's right hand. Witness found five caps in the waistcoat pocket of deceased. De- ceased's wife was sitting at the door of the room, almost naked, as if she had just risen from bed. She was covered with blood from her hips downward. William Lambert, a boy about seven years of age, said he lived with his mother next door to deceased's wife's residence. Two French ladies had been living in the house, but his mother had turned them out about two months before. The deceased's wife and Mrs. Cleary had been living in the house about a week. Witness was in the house in which deceased's wife was living. On the previous even- ing, at about half-past six, the deceased came in, and witness ran away, leaving the man and his wife in the house together. Elizabeth Franks, a widow, residing at 140 Flinders-lane, said she was in her yard washing on the previous evening, when the deceased's wife came out of the back door of the neighboring house, and called out for Mrs. Lamber. her petticoat was covered with blood, and witness heard her say that her husband was dead. Witness then went for the land- lord, Mr. Day. The cqnmftcreM afftopy. of the letter found by "the constable. . " "'"Mia ' "MM&iwitV; wc&Hecf;, ift ' re pfy:to questions from jurora, said she had not eriea Mr, Goyle since riievleft theBUtiihd&fipire.;' She had- :nev;er ::.slept,i;at the -Beiwdere Hptel.; . Her husband knew the hindi of life she was leading, arid miariiftbcriwith that knowledge,. ; u ci: c.-. : . - "Carter 'dfrey; -'a-'BOlesman to Mr. L.' '< Levy, tpawnbroker, of'Steph en; street;" said deceased Called at his master'a , shopiab half. , past one.o'clock the mpviousi day, asd pnr< chased the pistol .'proariced for s. 'jHe .said he Wanted an' old-fashioried_pibtoI t'o7pIay withfttitheTheatre Royal.'1:: Hetsaidilie was engagedjthere. <: Deceased Wasquite sober. Francis John Day, bottle merchant, said he acted as agent. for Mrs. Lambert, who rented- the house r.in yrhich the -.-deceased killed himself. He had' riot let the" house to "deceased's- 'wife. The house was fur uished, and was -in: charge of Mrs; Cleary.' It was let to no one i at:.' the time of Mankiwitz's -- death. Mrs. Cleaxj, witness'believed, had taken deceased's, wife in as a tenant for a.;week, She was not a tenant of Mrs. Lambert's, r Witness had ejected Mrs. Cleary from the ,' house on the preceding day, as she hid been making a dis. turbance in the" middle of the night, 1 which .had been complained of in tiie neighborhoods The house, in which the- suicide took place had been let by Mrs, Lambert as a brothel. Withess supposed He inight call it a brothel ; it was let to women, but they were always supposed to be married wonien. On being olosely questioned by the jury, Witness said he was aware, as agent for the house, that it was kept as a brothek ' : :Mr, Clarke, one of the jurors," here ex pressed an opinion that more active -mea sures should be taken by the police for . 1jhe suppression of brothels in the neighborhood. It had come to his knowledge, he said, that Mr. Sargood had purchased a house next door to his factory, which had been used for immoral purposes, in order that the class of people frequenting it might be coinpelled to quit the neighborhood, \- Dr. You said the suppression of brothels did not come within the province of a m fcoroner's inquiry ; hut he.had no- doubt that B if the people residing in the neighborhood B would put the law. in motion, no efforts I would be wanting ori the part of the police I to extinguish the brothels. The coroner having briefly summed up, the following verdict was returned That the. deceased, Maurice John M anki-witz,"'sli'ot himself while in a state of sound mind. \ . . 