WANDERINGS IN NEW GUINEA. By Cxrr. A. Lawson. This wurk will be read with great interest at the present time, when the annexation and colonisation of New Guinea are matters of general conversation and discussion in every part of Australia. Indeed, were we quite cer tain that all the information was authentic, it would bodifficultto over-estimate its value. Captain Lawson appears to have seen more of the hugo island which lies so close to our northern coast than lias fallen to the lot of any other visitor, lie sailed from Sydney iu May, 1971, reached New Guinea oil the 21st Juue, and started for the interior on tbe lOtii July, ife penetrated a long way into the island, and returned to the seaboard oil the Stb of February. During his wanderings he lost by the attacks of wild beasts aud natives three of the four persons whom he took with hiin from Sydney. He left the island in a small junk, reached ihiinlu in safety, aud eventually found his way to Singapore. Judging from Captain Lawson's account, the interior of New Guinea consists of plains, iu- terspersed with mountain ranges, some of the latter being ef great elevation. Alount Hercules is stated to be 32,783 foot in height, which would make it one o£ the most, if not the most, lofty mountains in the world, and there are several peaks with au altitude of 15,000 feet. But liow ho arrives at these measurements Captain Lawson does not tell lis. The vegetable kingdom is represented by mil lions of magnificent species, and uothing can exceed the beuuty of the birds. Captain Lawson met with a very large lake, which he called Lake Alexandra ; but the rivers ami streams were generally small and insig nificant. Gold is found in small quantities, and there is abundance of silver. Tbe in habitants of tlie-interior are Papuans; but a large number of Cniuamen, Malays and Dynks have settled on the const. Judging from their treatment of his party, tho natives are as ferocious as moat of the aborigines of Australia, and, like them, they are treacherous and unreliable. Capt. Lawson seems to be a sort of Gordon Gumming iu bis love for sport, and the most interesting portions of his works are those which have reference to his exploits with the rifle against the deer, tbe monkeys aud the moolahs which he encountered. The latter is a species of tiger, marked with black and chesnut stripes, on a white or nearly white ground, the length of oue speci men which was shot being from snout to tail 7 ft. 3 in. Captain Lawson's adventures with the buffaloes are graphically de scribed : — Both herds of buffaloes were nearly the same distance froui us, hut I selected that ou our left, as being the most advantageously siluatod lor attack. We approached to within eighty or a hundred yards of tho hord before tliey appeared to notice our presence ; nnd then they began to move slowly away, with the exception of the old bull who led tho herd, and who continued to graze as though unconscious of everything but the Kitisfyiug of liis hunger. I. - Ahoo to shelter himself behind a bush, ndvuncud.A few paces at a time, towards tho bull, paying no heed to the caution of my at tendant. Tile apparent heedlessness of the animal lulled me into a false security, and in duced me to give way to a rush kind of courage. I gi.t to within thirty yards ol' it, anil dropped npou toy knee preparatory to firing. Just at thai moment tho hull raised I113 Jiend u few- inches from tho ground, and remained perfectly mo tionless. 1 most foolishly hesitated whether I should aiiu at tbe head or shoulder, both of which were fully exposed to me, and before 1 had made up ray mind the brute charged inc. I fired, taking the best aim I could under the circumstances ; aud hy throwing myself on one side I manage to avoid the infuriated creature, and. ns he rushed past, gave him the contents of the sccuiid barrel, under the shoulder us 1 thought, but as it turned out, through the flank, which of course only served to madden him. The impetus of iiis rush was so great that tho hull was carried twenty paces beyond mo ; but ho wheeled instantly, and taking no notice of a shot from Aboo, rushed down upon me more fiercely than iu the first charge. I was fairly unnerved, und ran with all my might to gain tho cover of a clamp of trees that grow close at hand. I had almost reached thom when I felt n terrible shock in the roar, and he- came aware that 1 was spinning through tho air. i fell on my right side with sufficient force to knock tho breath out of mo, but providentially I did not loss consciousness, or elee my bones wonld have been left to crumble to dust ou that solitary plain, for Taurus had not done with me yet. Before 1 had time to collect myself nnd attomptto rise 1 felt liis feverishly hot breath pulling on my face. He tried hard to gore me, aud several times rammed down his bend at me with tremendous impulse; liiit by moving my body quickly to either side I contrived to oscapo the blows. My pistol was Btill in my bolt, and I drew it and fired four shots at the bull's head, which had the effect of confusing him a littlo ; but how matters would have ultimately ended is very doubtful, had not Aboo come up and put a bullet through tho brute's shoulder, which brought liim down across my legs with crushing woigbt. It was no easy matter to get from under the enormous cnrcaso, evou with Aboo's help ; and when at length I was released, I could hardly stand, so much was I shaken and bruised. However, no bones were broken, and I had cause to bo thankful that I bad escaped with my life. Our author seems, like Du Cbaillu, the discoverer of tho gorilla, to have met with a raco of monkeys which are almost human in their appearance : — Cautiously Approaching, I peeped through ths hushes, and saw two monkeys of gigantic size, and tho most huraan-liko shape of any that I have ovor seen. One — the female — was sitting with her back against the rock, her arms clasped round her legs, and her chin resting upon nor knees. Tho male was gathering the apricot like fruit recently described, and bringing it to his mate. While she was eating it he bestowed many caresses upon lier, uttering tbe hoarse sound that lmil arrested my attontion, and which seemed to be a note of nffcction. Motioning Aboo to aim at the female, I co vered the other with my rifle, nnd we fired simul taneously. The male was killed instantly, but the female ran up a tree with tho most horrid outcries nnd diabolical distortions of faco. A second shot through the chest, brought her down headlong with a crash that shook tho ground, bnt even then she had sufficient strength re maining to get upon lier feet ; and I had to fire a bullet through her head from my pistol before she gave up the ghost. The size of these monkeys was : — The male, fire feet threo iuches from the sole of tho foot to tho crown of the head, and forty-two iuches round the chest. Tho femalo was five feet in length and thirty-nine inches round the chest. Both were horribly repulsivo iu feature, yet human-like to an extraordinary degree. Tho forehead was not so low as in most apes, nor tbe nose so flat. The eyes were small and deeply sunk in the head. The jaws very powerful, aud projecting like those of a negro. The lips were rather thick, and the under end turned dowu iu a kind of pout. Tho skin of the face was very much wrinkled, and of a swarthy brown color ; bnt there was no hair eitber on it or on tho throat. The hair of the body aud liuiba was of a dull lead color, very coarse and short, except on the thighs nnd hips, where it was two inches in length. On tho backs of both it was nearly all worn off, apparently by rubbing agninst the rocka nnd trees. The hands and feet were also quite hare. Each hand was provided with four fingers and a thumb, but there were only four toes on each foot. Both fingers and toes were furnished with nails like these of a human being, hut of a dark color. The ears were exceedingly large, and the top of the head covered with short black hair. Nor are the smaller monkeys less intelli. gent than their larger brethren, as is shown by the following episode : — While I was watching the antics of the monkeys, a couplo of crocodiles showed their heads just underneath, and remained sta tionary with their ugly snouts sticking up in the air. In other countries this is a common dodge of the crocodiles to entice the monkeys into their reach ; und 1 expected now to see one or more of the noisy animals fall victims to tlio goggle-eyed monsters below, anil with considerable curiosity I awaited tho result. As soou as tbe liluck-looking heads popped up the monkoys became silent. Presently one big fellow— evidently a man of authority iu the monkey republic— came down to reconnoitre. He returned, and in'a few minutes came down again with a long, thin stick in his hand, and accom panied by about a hundred of his companions, They began to chatter and pelt their foes ; hut the crocodiles took no notice, and, I thought, seemed to give a wink of satisfaction at seeing their siliy victims coming within their reach. Nearer and nearer they came, until some of them were barely six feet above the crocodiles ; and I was expecting every instant to sob one of them dragged under the water. All of a sudden, the monkey with the stick leaned over and drove it into tbe eye of tbe crocodile nearest him. The wounded reptile sank like lead, and was quickly followed hy its comrade. There wus no mistak ing tbe howl of delight that greeted this strata gem and its success. It was perfectly human in its tone, and was taken up with vengeful glee hy all tiie monkeys in the neighborhood. The gravity of demeanor with which the old fellow committed this assault and battery was laugh able in the extreme. He went to work with all the caution and seriousness of an old lawyer, and when he had inflicted tbe poke he hauled him self aloft with au alacrity that showed be could form a very good estimation of tbe danger which be ran. It is perhaps to be regretted that Capt. Lawson, who has all the courage and energy neoessary for a successful explorer, does not possess a greater faculty for description. His work is rather interesting than instruc tive, and is uiore the journal of a sports man than of an observer. But every one will agree with the following reflections : — It is a great pity that this island has not been colonisod hy the English. Tliey should lake possession of it without further delay. Tho riches of the forests alone are incalculable, nnd notwith standing tho failure of tho Dutch settlements ou its shores, and the reported inhospitality nnd treachory of the natives, I am finnly convinced that the country could be opened up with case, ft is possible that those natives who are as yet unacquainted with Europeans might offer souio resistance at first; but if they are treated with moderation aud kindness, they will soou Lb con ciliated. There can he no doubt that tho Dutch have been guilty of great cruelty towards tho Papuans, besides robbing and cheating them in every possibio way ; and no brave and free- minded:pcoplo would pormit themselves to be in sulted and injured with impunity. The Papuans are au independent race, as difforent as possi ble in character from the submissive Indians nnd Malays ; and whatever people attempts to s6ttlo amongst them will have to treat thoui With due consideration and respect, or there will bo war a routrance. They will never submit to bo slaves or aliens in their own country. j uu lemmuii nuiuu - makes nbout the native character are per haps hard to reconcile with the loss of life sustained by his companions at their hands. But a small, badly armed party is always ex posed to great dauger, not only from tbe cupidity or ferocity of tbe native tribes which they meet, but also from tbe proba bility of their infringing upon some native superstition, and unwittingly incurring the anger of the priests. Possibly the best thing to be said about the native inhabitants of New Guinea is that there are very few of them, and that they will speedily have to give way to any systeuiatio attempt at colonisation. Applications have been made to Air. ltut- ledge by the farmers of Tower-hill for no less than 3000 acres of the Furuhaiu Survey, under the usual conditions, with regard to the potato season. A Portland paper states that Alessrs. Thus. K filler aud Co. are purchasers of the Papyrus, commonly known as the sword-rush and cutting-grass, and will enter into con tracts for quantities. At the meeting of the Sandridge Borough Council, held Thursday evening, Air. \V. S. Sinythe, the health offioerof the district, re- ported the occurrence of' a case of scarlet lover in a house situated inGrahani-street.uud that he had given the parties the necessary instructions with regard to isolation, disin fection, &c;„ in order to arrest, if possible, the spread of the disease. The rails on tho x ass railway extension, states the Goidhiirn Herald, are now laid for tiventy-four miles and a half, that is to say, within six miles of the town of Gunning. It is expected that the line as far as that place will be ready for traffic in September next. Notwithstanding every endeavor on the contractors' part, the scarcity of labor con tinues to be felt, and the more so seemingly the further tho line runs into tiie interior. 'L'lieworks beyond Goulburn are of avery easy nature compared to those below. The gra dients are easier, aud the cost of construction much less. The I'ortlaud correspondent of the Hamil ton Spectator writes : — "The memorial asking that religious instruction might bo given iu our State schools in the morning is not very extensively signed, although it had been lying for signature ton days. There were nine signatures, three of which were those of, clergymen, five were ' parents or guar dians,' four consisted of ' other inhabi tants,' and the most prominent among them is the signature of one of the members of the board of advice." The Hamilton Spectator announces the decease of Air. Duncan Robertson, of Engle- field, Balmoral. In 1S55 he left .Scotland for Tasmania, bringing out a largo family of eight sons and two daughters. After staying a few weeks in Tasmania he was advised to try sheep.farming in Victoria, and ac cordingly proceeded to Portland, where iie shortly afterwards purchased Englefield, and since that time he and bis family have resided there. Deceased had reached his eighty-fourth year. An old man, known for many years in Creswick as Old Jimmy Ryan, camo to his end, sa3's £he Advertiser, on Monday night last, under painful circumstances. J iininy had spent the evening in the bar of the Bridge Hotel, during which time he had drunk a couple of glasses of whisky, and left shortly before eleven o'clock for his home, situate in Spring Gully, and within about a hundred yards of the first bridge. Nothing more was heard of the poor old lel- low until the following morning, when an acquaintance was attracted by his dog to the creek, ar.d there saw tho old man lying dead. Instead of crossing the bridge, he liad gone the creek side of the handrail, had fallen on his head over a heap of blue metal, and then rolled over the embankment, about four feet in height, into the creek, aud, being stunned, was suffocated by the water, although not deep enough to cover his head. The second ball, an invitation one, given by the members of tho Victoria Yacht Ulub was held Thursday evening in the large room of the Alelbourne Atlienreura, and proved, as might have been anticipated, a thorough success. The one given last year under the same auspices was so successful that it was decided, as far as practic able, to make the reunion an annual affair, and on this occasion 200 invitations were issued, which, judging by tho full appearance of the hall, must have been all accepted. Dancing was commenced shortly after nine o'clock to the music of Herr Plock's band, and throughout the evening the uniform worn by the Commodore and Yacht Club members appeared to considerable ad vantage, and formed a favorable contrast to the tasteful costumes of the ladies, and the ordinary evening dress of the gentlemen visitors. For the decorations, the whole of the fleet bunting wag brought into requisi tion, and the building was artistically set out. Flags wore suspended tbe whole length of the ball, aud a large mast, close-reefed, occupied the centre of the Hour. The plan adopted at the ball of lust year was again resorted to on this oc casion, aud the rendezvous instead of being numbered as is usually the ease, wus ueuueti uy placing on rue wans the life-buoys of tho different yachts, the names finding a large number of supporters. The supper was for the occasion laid in the upper hall, and, in reference to its excel lence, no more need be snid than that the whole was under the supervision of Air. J. F. Gunsler, of Collins-street east, to whom the catering had been entrusted. At the conclusion of the supper dancing was again resumed, and kept up with spirit until an early hour this morning. An ordinary weekly meeting of the Bene volent Asylum committee was held on Thurs day ; Air. J. T. Harcourt in the chair. The superintendent reported that there were 024 inmates, of whom 417 were men, and 207 women. There were also vacancies for 5 males and 5 females. The medical officer's report showed that S9 males aud 103 females were in the hospital, and 50 males and 7 females otherwise under treatment, making 249 patients under medical treatment. The deaths during the past week were as follows: — 10th Jul', Henry Hugh Lloyd, Shrewsbury, England, aged 50 years, of paralysis and exhaustion; lltU July, Wm. Steer, Surrey, England, uged 07 yeais, of fatty degeneration of the heart ; James Bent, Cheshire, England, aged seventy-live years, of old age; 3th July, Telemaque Phistoles, Alauritius, aged fifty- two years, of bronchitis ; 14th J uly, Jeffrey Huson, Croydon, England, aged eighty. one years, of old age; 15th July, Alary Sheehan, Limerick, Ireland, aged sixty-five years, of valvular disease of the heart aud dropsy. Dr. Hunt moved — " That no expensive funerals or corteges be allowed from the asylum in future." Afr. Clarke seconded. After some slight discussion tbe motion was postponed for one week. Air. Clarke moved " That no tobacco be allowed to the inmates for the future." The article was a luxury, and was not given to the inmates. ot the Ballarat and Hobart Town institutions. Dr. Hunt seconded, on the ground -that tobacco was injurious to smokers, and was offensive to those inmates who did not use it. Tbe motion was opposed by Messrs. HiU, Egan, Irvine and the chairman, and lost by 4 votes to 2. The chairman reported that a deputation had waited on the Government with reference to tbe removal of the asylum, aud stated tbe result of the inter- Tiew, 