HEREDITARY GHOSTS. What ivy is to the ruin, what a fine beeswing is to port, that a ghost is to a country house. An old country house without a ghost is a very serious matter— suspicious in itself, suggestive of parvenuism, utterly fatal to the claims of any family to iniquity. "Thank heaven it takes three generations to grow an avenue of oaks," said a poor aristocratic friend of Erskine's when they had cleared the grounds of a man with whom they had just dined, and who had everything but antiquity on his side. It takes much longer than that to produce a respectable ghost; it cannot he done under six or seven generations. I know twro houses certainly where a very modern family seem to be blessed with the genuine thing, but I have reason to believe that is a second-hand one. Ghosts—and this is very important—may be divided into three distinct classes which must not be confounded. There is that vulgar and detestable class typified by the Cock-lane affair ; old men condemned to be perpetually repeating the Bible backwards, peculiar, I believe, to Tooting ; cattle without heads, and aimless noises. The second class consists of well-defined apparitions generally of men or animals which appear ten or twelve times perhaps in a lifetime, usually after supper, whose Ariel takes the shape of salmon writh cucumber or Welsh rabbit, and whose Prospero is the doctor. The third class comprises the real thing—the true unmistakable hereditary ghost, constantly associated by sceptics with its inferior and spurious brethren, but utterly distinct in its origin, its appearance, and its habits. Its origin is invariably lost in the twilight of fable. Some of these ghosts came over with the Conqueror ; many date from the Wars of the Roses, particularly those venerable parties which haunt the old manor houses in Yorkshire. Others, more than one would suppose, date from the Civil Wars, and some are even as late as the Restoration; but any apparitions later than that are to be regarded with distrust. These ghosts are essentially aristocratic ; they seem to wax and wane as certain trees are said to do "with the fortune of the house to which they are attached; they never pass from one family to another. You may come into t le niaflsioii, but you cannot come into the ghost of an old family. In the grave of the last hereditary possessor are buried also the hereditary ghosts. These ghosts, like good servants, are seen and not heard. No objectless clanking of chains, rattling of bones, rumbling of barrels and the like, ever accompany them ; they are much too respectable for that. They rarely make their appearance, and when they do it is only a glimpse that can be caught of them. The breath of their life is tradition ; greyhaired butlers and superannuated nurses are their chroniclers, and over the winter's fire you may hear their story told. Generation after generation their legend is handed down with a weird accuracy and a strange uniformity of detail; nothing is exaggerated, nothing lost. The pale- faced lady, flitting by the window or gliding down the stairs with the speck of blood on her wrist, the beautiful child with the golden hair and the dead robin in her breast, or the shadowy, shrouded figure and the beckoning hand—whatever form the legend takes, so it remains the same to-day as 300 years ago. It is curious to see how these traditiens have penetrated into our literature. To say nothing of the poets, who would naturally lean towards them, the grave historian Clarendon does not hesitate to cite them with perhaps more awe than he would care to confess. Charming Lady Fanshawe, in her delightful Memoirs, trembles as she talks of thein, and the philosophic Joseph Glanville has dedicated near half a volume to them. Old Dr. Johnson, though he would grudge his company a word on any other topic, became at once a patient listener if any one could talk about these, and we all know how, on visiting an old family in the country, after surveying the ancient gabled house, he at once asked with an eager curiosity if there was any ghost. Ghosts are gradually leaving us; the atmosphere of common life is too much for them ; our grand old family mansions, their chosen homes, are changing hands, passing into the possession of strangers. The introduction of gunpowder is said to have given the finishing stroke to chivalry, and what we are so fond of dubbing common sense has given the finishing stroke to better things than superstition. When old Troy had fallen, and the light of day was poured into the recesses of Priam's palaces, Virgil is careful to tell us that the gods of the city had deserted her —had flown away never to return. And last week, when I was wandering over one of England's oldest mansions which had passed into the hands of a stranger of yesterday, and talked with the plain matter-of-fact man who had taken the place of the good old family butler, I thought with a sigh of old times, and realized more than ever that grotesque discrepancy which deforms so many of these places where the ancient and modern elements are so ridiculously combined, i I looked on the old pictures darkening hi their frames—on the old swords and firelocks out on to the grim melancholy yew walks, where the light of the setting sun, splintered into emeralds, was dying ; and as I walked away, wondered what would be the effect on the spruce, enlightened ! menial before me, if, like Dr. Johnson, I ventured to ask whether there >r«. ghost.— -Globe. 3 I 