LOCH.. 1 Wis uiulorslancl that tho largo paint ing of Sir iUcbnrd Dry, which is lmng on tho wall of the House of Assembly, immediately in tlio rear of tho Ministerial bench, is said to rcqtiiro new fastenings, ns the old spikes and ropes are pronounced to be in a state of alarming decay. Attention lias, wc undur- staiul, been drawn to tho subject by soino friends of Messrs. Moore, Fysh, Innes, and Gibliu, who havo large stuns of mouoy invested in bots that neither of these states men (?) will bo out of ofiico during the period of their natural lives, which thoy have Jaid long odds will average at least twenty years from tho first day of April of tho present year. On tho other hand, there are some " factious and vexatious" members of tho Opposition, who nru anxious that no attoinpt should bo made to put tlio country to tlio cxpouso of rc.nowing tlic-fosteuings, lot thorn bo ovor so decayed, for ifthoy should givo way suddenly, and tho heavy framo and inipeuo. trnblo canvas como suddenly down, it would 1 restore tjic responsibility of Ministers by doing tlio work of the English axe on Tower Hill in former days. Unless some such sudden interposition of providence comes to < our assistance, these heartless heathens of tho Opposition declare tho present Ministry will never be got rid of. What a dreadful nggrc. gntion of moral nud inhuman monsters our Ministers havo to contend against. Only imagine our qunrtctte of matchless patriots smothered undor tlio dobris of our first Speaker's pictorial monument! Tasmanians will bo pleased to lcavn tli at Mr Christopher Easstinn formerly of tho Bird-in-Hmid Hotel, Argylo-sfcreot, has boon elected a momher of the House of Bopresen. tatives, New Zealand, for tlio district of Wallace. T he following is tlio business on the notice paper for the consideration of tho Municipal Council on Monday next : — Ho ports-— Waterworks Committee: On lcttor from Direotor of Waterworks containing a proposition for increasing the supply of water j on claim of Mr. Henry Dobson for 2251 on acconnt of tho verdict Hall f. tho (Dorp-nation. Public Works Cominittco : Amended report on applications frotn persons who lmvo filled in behind stores on tho Old Wharf j on application of Mr, II Newman for repairs to Hope-street; on petition of residents iu and near Landsdownc Crcscont for ropairs to footpaths. Polico Committee : On letter of Mr. J. A. Jackson _ relativo to Eliza MoKouzio. / Health- - Committee ; Ou lottor from Dr. Hall on blinding road metal with tlio bwecplngs from tho streots, and 011 mattors sanitary; and tliodcath rate. Orders of the day t Mr. Alderman Bclbiii to move that the City Surveyor ho authorised to pre pare' a plan of tho city, describing all existing sowers and drains, to be laid on tho tablo of tlio Council 011 or before the 1st of November next. Lekteh posted yesterday insufficiently stamped .'—Mr. H. White, 53 Wellington- strcot, CoBingwood, Melbourne. In tho Legislative Council yesterday the Destitute Act Amendment Bill was read a third timo and passed. ' Tho Dobenturos £1 5,000 Bill wiis read a' second timo and passed through cominittco. The Falaifion- tion of . Accounts Bill was rciid a sccoi d timo and committed, tlio cominittco to sit again' 011 Tuesday. Tlio Gunpowder DiU . was . advancod" another stage, tho eon sideratioii of tlio report being fid for Tius. . day. Yl'bo Launccston Water Bill-was rend , a second timo and committed, tlio cominittco to 'sit again 011 Friday, nnd the Probate Duties Bill was rood a first time, the second reading being 'made an order of. the day for Tuesday. Mr. Ailconhcad asked his question with reference to steam boiler ex plosions, which Iho Colonial Secretary undt r took to reply fn oir TucHduy -next. Tho Council thou adjourned to Tuesday at foi.r o'clock. Mil Alfred Dobs in, brothor to his liqueur Mr. Justieo Dubs m, nu:l who hns rocontly arrived from England, was yostor- day .admitted ns a barrister nml nttornoy of tho ijupremo Court of Tasmania, on his own affidavit that lio had been eallod; as a momr bor.: if iho Inner Temple, London. Mr. Dobson, prior to lending lioro for England, sometimes employed his time on tho staff of 0110 of tho local newspapers as a parliamen tary roporter, nud lie is a good shorthand writer Yestkuday was tho last day of the Third Torin, and their Honours tho Judges sat at 11 o'clock. Tho first busiuoss was the ndmisssion of Mr. Alfred Dobson as n Barrister and Attorney of thoSupromo Court of Tasmania, on his own affidavit tlmt ho had been called as a member of the Inner Temple, London, and took the oaths. Tlio Solicitor- General (Mr. It. P. Adams) applied in the onuso of Andrew v. Chere.rlou for a rnlo absolute to make the arbitration rcferenco in tliis caso n rule of Court. Tho Attmnoy- Geueral, who Appeared oil tho other side, did not show cause, and tlio rule was granted. In the appeal oaso at Swan v. Fletcher, under the Scab Act, Mr, Miller applied to have tho caso stated sunt back to Mr. Mason, tliu presiding magistrate, to havo it restated 011 tlio ground that points raised at the trial woro not correctly statod. Tlio Attorney- Gonoral, who appeared on tho other side, did not object, nnd nn order wns mads accord ingly. In. tho caso of Potter v. Dillon tho examination of the witnesses was proceeded with. Tho Court roso at 3 o'clock, but will hold a sitting out of term this morning at 10 o'clock. In tho House of Assembly Mi', Mit chell prcscutcd a petition against the Scab Act, Captain Gilmoro presented a petition against tho completion of tlio Morsoy and Dclorninc llailway on tho narrow gauge. Aftor an address from tho lion, tho Attorney Geucral on the Main Lino llailway, ho with drew tho llailway Inspection BiU. Tho Dobtors Act Amendment Bill was read a second time, and tho cominittco fixed for next Friday. The Breakwater nud Jottics Bill was passed through committee, and the thild reading was fixed for Tuesday. Mrs, Homo's Pension Bill pnBsod the committee, and the third rending fixed for Tuesday. The Real Prnporty Act Amendment Bill was con sidered in committee, and clauses 5, 5, aiul 7 woro expunged. Tho other clauses passed nspriuted. Tho amendments of the Council in the Destitute Children Bill were agreed to. The Scab Act JVraondincnt Bill was read a second timo and considorod in committee, several amendments being introduced. The chairman reported progress nt 11.5, nnd tho llouso adjourned till Tuesday. Tiie llcv. G. Gray, from Molbourno, will preach to-morrow morning in tho Primi tive Methodist Chapel, Collins-street, when a collection will bo mndc in aid of tho trust 1 funds. I A public tempcranco mooting will 'bo held in the Alliunco Rooms this evoning, when tho Hoy. S, AntliH", D.D., will deliver an address 011 the following subject;—" Can we preserve our drinking usages without perpetuating drunkenness ?" The mombcrs of the Crusado Lodgo, No. 13, 1.O.G.T., Richmond, will celebrate their socond anniversary, on Wednesday next, by a procession, tea meeting, and pub lic meeting. Mil. M. J. IToarc, the secretary of tho St. Patrick's Society hero, received by the last mail from Melbourne tho agree- incut to a scheme from Mr Wintor, the corresponding secretary to tho St. Patrick's Society in Molbourno for the intcrclmngo of members proceeding from this colony to Victoria, nud rice verm. The Hallway Inspection Dill wns withdrawn yesterday by tho Attorney: General, in tho House of Assembly, but not before addressing the House nt some longth 011 tho mattors contained in tho bill. Ho stated that his reason for withdrawing the bill at tho present time was tho assertion from tho chief engineer of tho Main Line ' JUihvay Company, that the company would consider it as affixing terms not intended iu tlio contraet, mid would make it more diffi cult for the company to comply with the terms of the contract ; and also .that it would cause litigation. Several members considered that tho bill was premature, and approved of tho withdrawal. A veiiy pleasing ceremony took plnce in connection with the United Young Men's Association, at the Associa tion Hull, Trafalgar Place, last evening, iu the presentation of an address and testi monial to the President, the. Key. F. B. Shurland. The address, which wns pre sented by the secretary, Mr, 13 D. Dobbic, and signed by the members of the associa tion, expressed their sense of the obliga tions they were under to Mr Shurland for the manner in which he had filled the office of President, mid while expressing a desire that his. connection with the asso ciation would long remain unscvcrcd, de sired his acceptance of the nccompauying testimonial as a small recognition of their respect for him, Tho testimonial consisted of a hnudsomc pair/ of bronze vases on marble stands under glass shades. In re turning thuuks the - recipient confessed to. have. been taken completely aback by the desire Tor the continuation of their friendly relations and the prosperity of the association, while he sincerely thanked them for their hnudsume testimonial, and the kind fceliug of which it was an evi dence. The Tasmaniun Poultry Society's committee - met last eveuing - for the pur- posc.uf apportiouting the prizes awurded at the Society's exhibition, lust' month to' the successful exhibitors. The total amount of prize money passed for payment was £132 10s, being £25 odd more tlmn lust yeur's list, pretty clearly indicating ,tko progrcssivcness of the association's show:; Several prize- takers were present, uud re ceived tlio amounts due to tbcm, in several iustuuccs good-sized cheques. The Secre tary reported the sales at the exhibition amounted to the very respectable sua; ot £115. A number of accounts in conncc tion with the show expenses were pre sented, and ordered to be settled The' meeting, .which brines (o a conclusion the twenty-first annual show, proved a ' satis factory one m every way. > There was 110 porfonnoiico ut thu Asiatic Circus last night, through the wet weather. During the duy,;iii couKequiuco of the violent wind, and with the prospect ofa wet iiiglu, the tent wm taken down but will be refuted this morning for tho purpose of giving thu usual Saturday afic-- noou and evening performances. 6n Monday evening the performance will be for the bcncfitof Mr. T, NViclnnd, James Emmett was admitted to the hospital yesterday, suffering from a fracture one of the bones near the wrist, which was caused by an uccident while giving n horse u drink. The injured limb having been placed in splints, he was enabled to leave the institution. Tun llaw/cca Day Herald (August 5th) has tho following A caso lias como to our knowledge of a very narrow cacapo of a family from being accidentally poisoned at ."Poverty Bay. Mr. A, (J. Prntf, formerly a well-known resident of Napier, and now of Gisbornc, together witli his wife and cliil- dron, had a very narrow escape from being poisoned, by drinking water takou out of & now tank, which had bccomo impregnated with the white lead used for filling up the interatioua whore tlio sheets are joined togofchor. Tho symptoms resulted in violent rotching for somu hours, and consequent prostration. Prussia acid was used as an. tidoto, and, by last accounts, Mr. Pratt and family were recovering satisfactorily. This should net as a caution to peoplo using now tanks. The gentleman abovo referred to is tho youngest son of Mr. W Pratt, lately ono of our city missionaries, and for many years a resident of this colony. Snt Charles Du Cane presided at tho annual t mooting, at Colchester, of honor ary members of the Oldham and United Parishes Benofit Socioty. Iu giving tho toast of "Tho Army and Navy, and the Reserve Forces," the ehairinnu obsorved that bo could not woll havo proposed that toast in Tasmauia, whoro ho was, by virtuo of his commission,- Cotnuiaiidor-m- Chicf on Tasinanian land, and Vice-Admiral in Tas manian waters. Tho Tasinanian army, bow. ever, did not so innoli as exist on paper; tho Tasinanian navy was tho voidest phantom of phantom ileots ; they had not the fainf-st ghost ofa militiaman $ their volunteers were disbanded, aud tho very policomon wore, for tlio most part, invisiblo blues. Weston's Wizard Oil and Maoio Pills were first introduced to tho Australian pub. lie in 1864, and tho wondorful and myste rious influonco they exhibited in stopping tho most oxcruciating Pains, Aches, and Infirmities, are woll-known. Their miracu lous power :u raising the Bed-ridden, Crip pled, RUoumatic, Neuralgic, divesting ths system from all suffering frompain, inilain: mation, and weakness, curing in a few days tho sickness uiul diseases of months and years, giving instantaneous Ease and Com fort; in nil ordinary pains and aches either iutcraul or external, all cramps, spasms, congestions, <0o. Half-a-Crown. at all Drug gists. — Advt. Florilink!— For the Teeth and Bheatii A few drops of tho liquid " Florilino" sprinkled on a wot tooth-brush producesa pleasant lather, which thorougldy cleansed tho teeth from all parasites or impurities,, hardens tho gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to tho teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unplcacant odour arising from decayed tooth or tobacco smoke. " Tho Fragrant Florilino," being composed in part of honoy and sweet jicrbs, is delicious to tho taste, ami the greatest toilot discovery of tlio age. Sold cvcrywlicro at 2s. 6(L Prepared by Henry C. Galluo. 493 Oxford street. London. 