IRISH -OBATOBS .AND SCOTCH EEVIEWEBS. (Irishman.) Pathek Buhke was invited to deliver a lecture in Glasgow ; he cousented, and being an Irishman, he selected an Irish historical subject on which to base his discourse. He treated it in his usual manner, not forgetting to mingle a strain of humour with his graver passages. Whereupon, the Glasgow News, all aghast at such treason to the Goddess «ji jjuuic»s wuuiii 10 uuures, a u uses mm wild the per fervid zealotry of an outraged nin compoop. How dared this Hibernian invader offer the Attic salt to Boeotian boors ? Is it. not written, ' thou shalt not set pearls before swine,' and shall it be endured that a ' frothy friar ' should scatter jokes before Scotchmen ? ? We compassionate exceedingly our un fortunate contemporary, and hereby rebuke Father Burke for his reckless and inconside rate conduct. He should have known better. He ought to have remembered that a distinguished writer and moral physiologist Las declared that it requires a surgical ope ration to get a joke into a Scotchman's skull. Next time he crosses the roaring waters of Moyle, on ^ an invitation to lecture in Scot land, let him take with him a dozen or two surgical students from Dublin, and distribute them among the audience. Nothing else will enable the Scotchmen, of the News, to forgive Father Burke for the Irritation of in comprehended humour — that ; - torture of Tantalus which he has inflicted on .them.. They are .not as the Jews, nor as the Christians— if you tickle them, they do not laugh, unless you tickle them with— the fo'ephine. Let us quote some passage from our Gothamite contemporary ; though dull, they will amuse, for the dullard becomes uncon sciously comical when he assumes the critic's nod' and tries to snuffle intellect and to muzzle wit. The Glasgow writer observes:— ''Having thus drawn upon his imagination for his facts, Father Burke proceeded to ransack his memory for his figures. He found fault with Mr. Froude for insulting Catholic Irishmen of the present day by throwing out the speculation that the origi nal denizens of Ireland were ' savages.' Well, had Mr. Froude not been quite so particular in his chronolog}*, we should have agreed all the more with him. Father Burke must be hard pushed to iuvent insults to ?'' the Catholic faith of Ireland ' when he finds fault with the historian's conception of the heathendom which pre-existed. In this country we are quite accustomed to consider our original ancestors as savages who ' lived in the holes of the earth' without constru ing the fact into an insult to our religious belief.'1 Omitting the reference to religious differ ences, with which we have nothing here to do, let us briefly examine this passage. Father Burke is said to ' ransack his memory for his figures'— and the writer finds an example of this process in the fact that the Irishman criticised Mr. Froude ! To describe criticism as ' a figure ' is to reveal that the News obtainsits contributions from ' literates' — and from literates of Glasgow ! So much for the Scoth critic's learning. Now for his i morality. He observes that 'had Mr. I Froude not been quite so particular in his i chronology ' he ' should have been all the ! more inclined to agree with him.' In other terms, had Mr. Froude been more unscrupu ; lous in his chronology—had he played fast ; and loose with the dates of history— this Scotch moralist would have baen better pleased, and would have 'more agreed' with him ! After this candid confession of criminal inclinations, we are not surprised that he is displeased and cannot agree with a more faithful expositor of history. Finally, j aa to his race. This Glaswegian Scot appears, j by his own account, to have had two sets of , ancestors—those which were ' original,' and ! those which were not. This Scotch critic insists that the ' original ancestors ' of Scotchmen were u savages who lived in the boles of the earth.' We concede the ppint; j j merely remarking that the original ancestors i of Irishmen were Adam and Eve, who lived j in the Garden of Eden. j. Our Scotch censor is welcome to an his ? torieal statement which he can endorse ! ' without construing that fact into an insult'1 j to his religious belief. How he could con strue an agreeable fact into an insult is more ; than he has explained — it would be equally difficult to explain how his religious belief can be reconciled with Scripture. However, we grant that the Glasgow editor can pro duce personal evidence in support of his assertion ; let him come into court, with this article in his hand, and we guarantee that any jury of civilized men will agree that he has still a good deal of his ' original ances tors ' about him. But we shall not allow the bashfulness of our censor to conceal the fact that those ancestors of his who were not ' original ' have similar claims upon our consideration. When he rebukes Irishmen for resisting op pression, and declares that evicted Scotch tenants never had the spirit of a worm to turn on the heel which trod them out, why did he not enforce the lesson by showing that Scotia id could proudly boast of producing the last serfs and slaves in these islands '? In the year 1775, the preamble of an Act of Parliament recited that, 'by the Statute Law of Scotland, as explained by the judges of the courts of law there, many colliers, and coal-bearers, and salters, are in a state of slavery or bondage, bound to the collieries or salt works, where they work for life, trans ferable with the collieries and salt-works.' Almost a quarter of a century later, another Act of Parliament recited, in 1779, that 'many colliers and coal-bearers still con 1 tmue in a state of bondage ' in Scotland. ? Hugh Miller believes that these men had | been manufactured into slaves by ' com paratively modern Acts of the Scottish 1 Parliament, and decisions of the Court of ' Session.' ! Thus, at a period when Ireland was at ; tracting the admiration of men of intellect 1 by her gallant advocacy of freedom, when ! flashed the wit of Sheridan, when the oratory of Burke reverberated over the world, when ? Grattan stood sublime, the Demosthenes of a brilliant era— when the young Republic of 1 America appealed with confidence to the sympathy of our venerated Senate— then, , even then ! Scotchmen were fettering Scotch men, and obliterating the image of their Creator from their darkened souls, with the rod of the taskmaster and the scourge of the slave-driver! ^u luyrameu uoes me spine oi slavery seem to have been in the Scotch nature, that it strongly resisted the progress of time and civilization. The geologist whom we have quoted (and who died but a few years ago) himself saw and conversed with Scotcl slaves. i ' All the older men of that village, thougl situated little more than four miles from Edinburgh, had been born slaves,' writes Hugh Miller (ia ' My Schools and School masters '). He adds : Nay, eighteen years later, in 1842, when Parliament issued a Commission to inquire into the nature and result of female labour in the coal-pits of Scotland, there was a collier still living, that had never been twenty miles from the Scot tish capital, who could state to the Commis sioners that both his father and grandfather had been slaves—and that he had wrought for years in a pit, in the neighbourhood of Musselburgh, ere the colliers got their free dom.' Thus at a time when the great Irishman, O'Coimell, had been declared ' the Apostle of Civil and Eeligious Liberty all over the World '—when the negro slaves a thousand leagues away revered his name, and slave holders quivered at his rebuke, there were Scotch slaves and Scotch slaveowners ply ing their trade hard by the very capital of Scotland ! I ' I regard it as one of the most singular circumstances of my life,' writes Miller, ' that I should have conversed with Scotch men who had been born slaves.' Nay, the slave Scotchwomen bore, like the men, and even more than they, the signs and tokens of degraded slavery. ' How thoroughly even at this time,' he exclaims, ' were they charac terised by the slave nature ! ' They were marked by a peculiar type of mouth—' it was wide, open, thick-lipped, projecting equally above and below, and exactly resem- 1 b ed that which we find in the prints given of | savages, in their lowest and most degraded s:ate!' : Now, who shall wonder when a Glasgow editor declares that ' in this country (Scot land) we are quite accustomed to consider our original ancestors as savages who lived in the holes of the earth.' Quite accus , lomed ! We should say so. But he should not ignore his recent ancestors ; and he ought to make allowances for Irishmen, whose souls prefer death to slavery, and whose remote i ancestors were ' quite accustomed ' to im I port as their slaves the fortunate children of the ' Anglc-Saxons ' of Britain. | It ip too much to expect that a mere Glas gow editor should know that the Protestant tenantry of Ulster were among the first to revolt against landlordism, and to form secret agrarian societies, such as the '' Hearts ! of Oak* ' But it night fee suppled, that s 9 i Scotchman who ventured to write would L have read in JBlaelcwood's (Scotch) Magazine that the ' agrarian communism of Ulster ' . seems to it more odious than the Home Rule . movement— and it might be imagined that a ' ' literary ' Scotchman, before daring td dis . sect Irish society, would have referred to . Forbes's ' Memoranda in Ireland,' which so utterly confutes his arguments, and reduces 7 his conclusions to the absurd. p Nor, however highly we may rate the un . blushing assurances of Scotch partisanship, jean we believe J that any Scotchman, out of ? Scotland, or any intelligent and honourable ; Scotchman in Scotland, would venture to ! ' boast like this Glaswegian editor of Scot' . Hand, having enjoyed 'a reasonable religion | which does not encourage murder.' The ? I memory of the fierce condemnation of the Historian uuckle would stnite tnera cuimD, ? and before the mirror of their minds would | arise the gory spectres of slau.htered Came ironians, confronted by the ' blood-boltered ' ' ghost of Archbishop Sharp, whose twenty ifcwo gaping wounds — all inflicted b 'tore the 'eyes of a shrieking daughter — cry to heaven in witness of that ' reasonable ' Scotch re ligious spirit ' which does not encourage murder !' Claverhouse, with his pitiless sabre, Bal four, of Burleigh, with his red, reeking dagger, these are the gods of his worship ! The flood of human blood shed on the en sanguined fields in the profaned name of religion, by Prelafcist and by Covenanter, this is the acceptable sacrifice to the divinity adored by the savage offspring of savage fathers. Despicable in his eyes are those sainted Irish sages, who fed the lamp of learning before tke Cross of Christ, but who forebore to imbrue their hands in the blood of man. 'Father Burke and his fellow countrymen are welcome,' he sneers, 'to their so called Irish saints.' What ! even to that Columba, who braved the stormy northern seas and the greatest terrors of a pagan land, to become the Apostle of Scot land, and teach it the precepts of Christian knowledge and the principles of civilization ? ' Where is the man,' exclaimed Dr. John son, 'who would not feel his patriotism quickened on the plains of Marathon, and his piety made more profound amid the sacred ruins of lona ?' Behold, that man now lives, and let him boast of an existence the base ness of which was inconceivable to the greatest thinker of his age. That his foul assault upon our country and its people should be loathsome to edu cated Scotchmen, we can well conceive. For '? land ' of old time, was the fertile mother of the better part of that Lesser Scotland i beyond the wave. Chiefs and kings and religion — these did our noble island give her, t with letters, music and the ennobling arts of peace. Her heroes of old, her proudest nobles L and her ruling sovereign, alike trace their ; origin back to Innisfail. The spouse of the j Pict (says Venerable Bede, the Anglo , Saxon historian) inherited the sceptre, be i cause her blood was Irish* And the religion , which Ireland gave, though reviled now, prevailed when Wallace arose to save the 1 stricken country, and when Robert the Bruce strove and conquered m the cause of Scot land's independence. These are the heroes of your history, and before you deride the faith they held, at least cast down their statues. Cast them down ; and in their stead raise up a monument to that ignoble army j which sold a Scotch king at Newark to his j slayers, and erect a memorial to that Scottish I Legislature which vended, at Edinburgh, the hard-won independence of their conntry for a bribe of Judas-gold. | When that has been done, degenerate and j ungrateful Scot, we shall acknowledge the ' consistency of your conducts and we shall J hearken when you scoff at Ireland's poverty i when compared with the riches of her despoilers. Nay, we furnish you with a text— you shall preach from the words, re | corded in Scripture, of your master in the art of railing : ' All these things will I give, if yon. fall down and worship me.' \ 