THE O'Connell Centenary . : IN New South. Wales. We found it impossible in our last issue to give a full report of the day's proceedings, in consequence of the limited time and space at our disposal. We therefore avail of this opportunity to supply a few omissions. The good people of Goulburn arrived on Thursday evening in a specially chartered train, and were met at the terminus by a deputation from the Sydney committee that had, been appointed for that purpose. It was intimated to them that, as a mark of respect, and to show how much their action was appreciated, the committee had deter mined tnat the Goulburn people should take the precedence in the procession. Accord ingly on the following day they took their place of honour. They numbered about 800 strong, and were headed by several of clergy, The Rev. Father Slattery personally superintended the order, and showed very decided powers of organization. It is but bare justice to state that the good people of Goulburn made a most creditable appearance, and were enthusiastically greeted by the people of Sydney. The procession started at 10.30 o'clock from Hyde Park accompanied by no less than five bands : the Artillery band, twelve in number, under Mr. M'Mahon ; the Bri gade band, under sergeant Thompson, with thirteen performers ; the Naval Brigade band, under Mr. Bark, with twelve per formers ; the Volunteer Artillary band, and the Young Australian band, under Mr. J. Devlin, with twelve performers. The line of route adopted was along Macquarie-street, Bridge -street, George-street, Regent-street, and Cleveland street, where they entered the Prince Alfred Park by the Castlereagh-street entrance, the general public .being admitted by the Cleveland-street gate. During the whole day the vast crowds on the ground amused themselves in various ways, but in the most orderly manner. There were several exhibitions, Punch and Judy, and a merry-go-round, . all of which were extensively patronized. The several bands performed in different parts of the grounds. A series of athletic sports was got up in the afternoon, the principal events of which resulted as follows : — Hurdle race, over eight hurdles : First prize, £3 ; second, £1 ; won by Hayes, Thompson being second, and Harper a good third. High jump : Prize, £1 ; won by English, who cleared five feet. Hop, step, and jump : Prize, £1 ; won by Guilfoyle, Cassidy being second. Putting the stone: Prize, £1 ; won by McTigue. Messrs. J. Carey and J. J. Hayes acted as starters. Tho following telegram was forwarded to the lord Mayor of Dublin:—'From the O'Connell Centenary Committee of New South Wales to the Right Honourable the . Lord Mayor of Dublin. Sydney celebration a magnificent success. Monster procession, comprising all classes of community, to Exhibition building. Grand Hibernian concert, and oration by Archbishop Vaughan. , P. A. Jennings, K.S.G., chairman. Public. banquet on Tuesday. Enthusiasm, unprece dented. Australia joins hands with Ireland in doing honour to the memory of the immortal Liberator. Matthew Molony, chairman ; J. P. Garvan and T, M. Slattery, hon. secretaries.' In the evening the Exhibition Building was crowded in every part. The musical arrangements were very excellent, under the conductorship of Signor Giorzi. Mrs. Garvan presided at the organ. Mrs. Myles, ; Miss O'Hara, Miss Slattery, and Miss Har- rison sang some choice selections from Irish music; whilst Messrs. Lynch, Bushelle, arid, Fiynn, rendered some charming songs... The' choruses were very fine, and the concerted pieces, such as ' Let Erin remember,'' 'The minstrel boy,' &c.;, were truly grand.. There were 200 voices in the choruses. .The fol lowing cantata, written by Dr. Badham, and set to music by Signor Giorza- was next ren- dered : — EXILE.— with chorus. The stars that watch our slumbers never knew thee, Erin, nor cheered the cradle of our birth; And to long«fasting eyes, that fata would view 'b thee, . . . Stands as a wall the solid globa of earth, ';.[,; ''^; Still dream we oat the dull relentless .story j i !. Zone after zsne of the unchanging sea ; '; []''' '. Across the sun's diurnal path of glory— . ; , On ! ou ! until we wake, but not on thee. ' What we could save of thee, that bore wo hirher, . The Esila'a only wealth, the,oue dear ttsoiigbt, The one dear name, that shall be last to wither— ^;, To wither when all memories are nought. But now 'tis at the sex's returning waters : — Filling the shores and inlets of the toul ? ; ' For through the world shall Erin's sons and dauga era . ?:?-?-. : ? -.; i This day their great Deliverer extol, ; -V^' But come Ierne, minUrel of our choice ! We know thy father was our Champion's friend : Mow let thy harp and voice . -. ??-,., Each strive for mastery, each with the oiher blund ! . , ' IERNE.— Recitative. .' It was an aged, seer who sought to ga a '?'?'? ';/ A silent deathbed upon Tara's sod ;: -i'° And, ere he yielded up his soul to God, Thus did he utter his prophetic strain : — . ?????'? air, '..'.'? If, Erin, thy birthright were other than queenly, If dull were thy tnind, as ignoble tby woes, No power had Fortune t:- rack thee so keenly By mocking and tnarriug what Nature bestows. , Thy brow was for mirth, but the rents of thy mourning ? Reveal all the furrows thy shame would dia« ; guise, . ? . , '.''.'. ' ; Aud tears ever hang on the fringes adorning Tho39 orbs ihafc should mirror the depths of the skie3. ? O dowered wiih gifts as tho darling of Heaven, Made itich but to spoil, and made fair to ... betray ! .-...' But the hour is appoiateJ, the Champion ia given; The dark spell that biuds thee shall vanish away ! The sound of one voice all thy thousands shall . rally ; ? No threat shall they utter, no sword shall : they draw ; Maroh, march to your triumph ! while Peace in ; her valley ? ? : ? Kipose3 serene iu the shelter of Law, CHORUS. Bjil, mighty Orator ! Hail, wise Defender ! Wiping foul attainder tio a onr anoienb creed ! ? S-ng cauuot tell of thee, Art cannot reader' Ought whereof the splendour matches with thy' deed ! . ; 4 ; Free as the thunderbolt scathing tho . offmder,' ' Spurning ab surrender till thy race were freed j Dire iu cltbafce, aud yet as woman teuier, ; Counselor, befriender o$ the sons of Need,: i AN EXILE.— Recitativr, ' ?? Hear how, with temperate and. dauntlesa word, : He scouted faction and denounced the sword :— AIR ' - . . ? : His heart is not of Freedom's hue ? / ?? .. ??? - His hand is not to Freedom true, ?, ,'?.,-., Who wears the stealthy dagger, at his side; ,: ' . ? Half- hearted patrio's ! by you (- . . The despot aud his crew ? , '' ' Are madpjmore strong and well-nigh justified.'''.' ' Oh ! 'J£elp not thoie who batten oh your harms : ' By/.Vile mattering aril clan lestine arms ! . ; Seek hot with ourees to affray, *' For Power affrighted is a beast of prey ; ? ??' ? And shame will pieroe, where menaces rebound' Hardening the breast they cannot wound. - : .?-,'; The calm keen eye fixed on the offendor's face ? (llather as offetia' thau asking grace), ' '. Surer than any dart ' ? '. ' Can shoot remorse for unrequited wron» So de p into t.io heart, , .'??'?' That startled Consci nje weeps for, having slebfe sj loug-. . ' Out on tho sword ! civ, ou the sword ! ' Ib goads the injustice which it cannot smite. : '?'i Be Reason's sovereign word a Tho only weapon of your cnmtlesa thrones ! :-' Swell loud the diapason of our ri«ht J ° ? : For juBiice pealing from i. u tho^ueands touguea I i as a trumpet of the Lr»rd of lloats ; The stron. holds of the proud,' without fc thrusb, Fall flab balove it, whilo the dust Mounts from the crumbled towers like their departing ghosts. CHORUS. _ , Hail, mighty Orator ! hail, wise Defender ! ?&C;'^ A PRIEST. He *pake and conquered, and he speobeth still I Out on the sword ! out on the sword ! n Frin ' hear thy Liberator's word, Andfet his warning through thy bosom thrill ! Oh sit not gazing o'er the Atlantic main No help hath Gallia in her ead unrest. Yet keep the sword ! yet keep the sword ! It is a treasure to be stored Against the day that comes upon the woild. When from the barbarous North is hurled^ The thunderbolt of brutal conqueror* ; When that fell demon whom thy soul abhors, Who stamps the heel of military rule Oa Church and Senate, Guild and Sojool, And clanks defiance in the House of Prayer, (Art thon not there, 0 Lord ? art thou not 'there '-) . Would level into one Imperial waste Whatever Time has built or Virtue graced,— Then, brethren all ! ye brethren all ! The guardians of Freedom's, chosen land . For vour united islands stand, Locked in the fierce resolve to conquer or to Jail ! CHORUS. Ye brethren all ! ye brethren all ! The guardians of Freedom's chosen land I i For your united islands stand, i Locked in the fierce resolve to conquer or to , fall Mr. Jennings occupied the chair, and , briefly introduced the Coadjutor- Archbishop His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Poldmg came . upon the stage, and his appearance was the occasion of a general and spontaneous out. burst of enthusiasm. There were large numbers of ladies and gentlemen and also ot clergymen on the platform. His Grace was| heard much better than had been anticipated. The acoustic properties of the building are very bad, yet his Grace's voice seemed to thoroughly permeate the vast area, and to be distinctly heard throughout. We have not heard as yet what the exact amount is that was taken at the doors and during the day at the gates, but we opine that it will be found to be a respectable one. At St. Mary's on Sunday last High Mass was celebrated in honour of Daniel O 'Con nell- Pere Garavel, celebrant, Father Collins deacon, Father Ambrosoli, Sub-deacon, Archbishop Polding was present. Monsignor Lynch and Dean McCarthy were also present on the sanctuary, Father Colletti was Master of Ceremonies. Monsignor Lynch preached an eloquent sermon, in which he specially referred to and held up the illustrious patriot as a model Christian. At the conclusion of Mass the Te Deum was sung in honour of the cen tenary. 