MISCELLANY, MABRYINQ HBB POUCH. - In Perth there Mved a spinter whu could count as I many golden guineas, da ever u Tibbie Fowler" could, Besides this spinster there also lived a ba^ielbr of ,Somewhat parsimo nious ha'It 8, and passionately fond of the! yellow Geordies." After the necessary quantity of " billing and cooing" this pair agreed to get married. But such was the' bachelor^ love for gold that the day before the marriage, i when chuckling over bis good fortune, he could not suppress his insatiable desire from some of nis neigh bors,, who immediately went and informed his intended spouse;' Next day, upon repairing to the churoh, Mjr. Hewit, the clergyman, after havirig gone through the usual preliminaries and forms, requested them to;join, hands5 but what was the astonishment of both clergyman and com pany, to see the bride offer the bridegroom her pocket instead of her hand. Thinking there might be some misunderstanding, Mr. ! Hewit again requested them to join hands, but this, as well as. a third request, met with the same pantomimic reply. Mr. Hewit was at, last under the necessity of asking for an explanatioq. to which the. bride at once replied?-" It'? po me he wants,' it's the pouch. He can marry ,if he likes, but hp'll .never marry me {"upon which she slowly curtseyed, turned nimbly on her heel, and left the astonished and bewildered bridegroom staring with out shot eyes and open mouth { and we can fancy to ourselves, exclaiming in language something akin to that of the Scotch Baillie's-" My conscience! but the women are strange^customers I" JOSH BILLINGS ON GHOSTS.-A ghost is about 5 het 7 inches in height, and weighs from 4 to 6 ounces. They areov the mas- j kulline and feminine natur, but principally nuter. They ain't afraid of nothing, and will hang around a graveyard ' as kareless as a skoolboy will around a- norchard in green apple time; They are like a grate I menny other, things in this world- often heard ,ov, but seldom seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dol lars more to own one; but I want one caught whole, and not hurt. Mi: friend I Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore bring your ghosts. Ghosts always dress in a white nite-gown sort of a rig, and are i the quickest things that hav ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait is; about a mile a seckund, but it \i said ^bi* a 1 purse they can beat this handy. I would really, like to see one go in for public munny-private time is allwus suspishus. Wi don't some of our agricultural horse trot associations offer a ghost puss; free for all ghosts? - It would draw; dike a mustard plaster in the month of August. So it would. . EUROPEAN CUSTOMS JAPAN -The inhabitants ofFukay a; in Kumsgayaken (says the Japqu Gazette), are becoming Europeanifed ' Ypung. people have, com raenced to cut their hair in European, style voluntarily, an(l one young fellow, having raised a decent;crop on that part of his cranium .which had hitherto been kept fhaven, considered that be ought to have European oil to make his hair shine, so as to create an . impression: upon those of his countrymen who were so prejudiced against the hairy-faced foreigners and their fashions as to ignore any style-Of hairdressihg other than the wearing of the mage. The sequel will show that he made a deep ,impression -on his own head, Repairing to a '? foreign articles shop," he asked for some European oil, and received some, though not the sort that is generally used for the hair-it was coal oil 1 However, ignorance is bliss; and the young votary of civiliza tion was perfectly elated at the cheapness of the precious oil, so nicely scented withal. For six days he continued to saturate his hair with the oil, night and morning, But he did not put on any on the seventh, for on the evening of the sixth his father advised him to. offer a light before Komi, placed on the shelf: As the youth held it above his head the light accidentally came in contact \ itli his hair, and he has not since been troubled to oil it. MOBE OF THE JUDGE.-." You have a pleasant home, and a brightflresidp, with happy children sitting aroupd it, haven't you P", " Yes, sir," said Thompson, who thought he saw a way out of the diffi culty. " Well," said the judge, " if the happy ohildren sit around the cheerful fireside until you return, they will stay there 43 days, as I shnll have to send you up for that time."-Detroit Free Press, TALK IN THE TBAIN.-British parson and commercial traveller in the cars (conversation slow.)-Usual question: "What'line aro you in P" Parson an swers, with a faint joke, that he is " in tho spiritual line." " Ha, ha," says the other, " blessed if I did'nt think so. But, I Bay, what a price you have got gin up to." WINNINGS ON THE TUB* DUBINO 1874 -The sporting community should be inter ested on learning that the number of races run in the United States during 1874 was 1027, 958 of them being over the flat, and 69 over timber, 18 of the later being steeplechases. The amount of money won by owners on these races was 496,722 do]s., the largest sum won by any owner being 42,445 dols. These are large figures, but they are small when compared with 4 hose which relate to the winners on the England turl during the same year, for at the 595 principal races run in England dur ing 1874 the owners won no leRS than £173,164, Lord Falmouth in twenty-five races winning £15,975, Mr. Launde (the Rev Mr. King) winning £15,275 in eleven races, and Mr.Lefovrein fifty-six races win ning £14,649. The horse Apology alone, owned by Mr. Launde, and the winner of the One Thousand Guineas, the OakB, and the St. Lcger, earned £12,850 for his owner. - London Correspondent of the Scotsman. PAIUS WATER SUPPLY.-From an article in the Builder we learn that when the new works are completed for supplying Paris with water the quantity will he equal to about 50 gallons per head per diem, ThU says the Builder, " taken in connection with the system of sewerage, is perhaps the greatest boon that has been bestwed on the people of the capital for centuries." WHO was the first whistler? 'I he wind. What tune did he whistle ? " Over the hills and far away." A. TRADFSMAN of New York advertised aerated blacking. Perhaps the new idea is to help one to stepli»htly. GOLD frumes do very well for paintings, but when it comes to " frames of mind," the less guilt the better, WHAT is the difference between an over coat and a baby ? One is what you wear, and the other is what you was, A MUSICAL critic out West says of a vo* calist of local celebrity, . She has a mag nifies t voice for a fog whistle," 