Maria. Heller, the Prophetess. The Melbourne Arjut contains a long special report in reference to the Silesian immigrants who settled some months ago | near Major's Plains, Victoria, in the ' Benalla District. The -correspondent was accompanied on bis visit by Inspec tor Brock, of the Victorian police, and a German interpreter. The following condensed report will be fonnd inter esting: — The settlement is on Messrs. Nichol and TeUbrd's Yarrawooga station, at H31 Plains. The poor people, it appears all come from small villages, near Hainan, in Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration daring these attacks. The ignorant vfijagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At last she prophesied the Franco Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break oar, and devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She therefore called upon them to follow faer to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusalem, which would be their second resting-place, after which they would return again to Germany and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weaiy journey. AH their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they Jeft Silesia, numbering 64 souls, and making their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a. ship to cany them to Australia, their land of promise. They took passage in the steamer Somersetshire, and arrived in Melbourne in April last Here four of the party seceded, thus reducing the nnrnbf* to 60. Their stock of money at this tune amounted to ,£210. They made inqui ries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla district who came from their own part of Silesia, they derided to settle near them, and accordingly made their way to their present camping ground. The settlers referred to are two brothers named Carl and Wuhelm Bemdt, and not Bums, as was staled. From what can be learnt Mr. Carl Bemdt has behaved very kindly to these poor people, but just now tbey have disagreed, for when he found that instead of taking the sound advice he gave theni, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. The first cause of disagree ment between Bemdt and the immigrants was in consequence of the woman Heller. He inquired what money they had, but while they refused to tell bim the exact amount, they let him know that it was not very much. Consequently he advised them not to take up too much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered thezQjeacb to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed between them, and Berndt expressed his determination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in follow ing the advice of this woman on such subjects. Since then they have only spoken occasionally. He stated that when they landed the}- had plenty of provisions which they had brought with them from home, and' also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession of the land they had selected they commenced to dear the most lightly timbered land, but they used only to work for a few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to the little children. When their provisions were exhausted they purchased floor and sheep from him, and he let them have those articles cheaper, than he sold them in the market. Since they had been at Hill-plains, although some of their number bad died, i the woman Maria would not allow the] doctor to be called in when they were sick, but merely prayed over them. He had heard she did the same on board the ship coming out, and would not have them attended by the ship doctor. As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from die rule of the prophetess was then on Bemdt's farm, a request was made that he might be seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the bouse, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, was found busily engaged at the forge repair ing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to bun, and be expressed a ready willingness to give all the infor mation in his power. He staled : — He was aaray from his village daring the Franco-Prussian war. He was in the 42od regiment of the line, and served at Metr. and *?»«*— After the evacuation of Fraace -fey theGerann army he returned home, and f-inn*l that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in tbe neighlio«*hi*n-l «f Hainan. She was aboat 30 yean «f »-je. and was educated rather better than thw aronad. Her famBy had discarded her in co» ?equenceof her conduct. He had never beard of her doing anything to earn her IhreMwad, bat she was supports! by the whole of the commtmity. Whea.Jfceyarrtved here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Messingbrod, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they liied together as man ud wife. Since they had been on the Uul-pLdns that man bad did; an4 she had then chosen Mother ens wwrf Schultz. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do Whatever she tnM them. He did triiere a little in her.at first, bot he had become tired of her soBsense, aad wfrxi his wife had left the eammnnjty, and was now .working for Mr. Berndt, His parents and sisters etffl lived at the settlement, »ndheh«d done all in his power to cet them away, but without avail, as they fullybeuered in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he bettered Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought it would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to tale llarii away, as she was certainly the cause of starving them aD, for she would not aQo-r tbem to go to work. Suiee they bad been I there, eight of their number bad died. Notice ; of the death of the first three was given to the police, at M»j.)r-plains ; but tbe others were simply buried at the settlement without any notice being ctven, or any doctor attend ing them. Maria said some prayer. «t the gxaves. I The party, under the guidance of Mr. 1 Bemdt, next proceeded io the settle ment, about two miles distant. The huts were seven in number, and con structed of bark, similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they were much* smaller. Most of them only con tained one room, about 15 ft. by id ft. Upon entering the first but a woman, who said she was 36 but looked 60, was found suffering from the effects of a ^Severe attack of rheumatism, but other wise she appeared well enough. In another place there was an old man of 60 confined in bis bed from scurvy and general debility ; and in a third hut -was a lad of 13 in a very bad state from I scurvy. Inspector Smith, had, of course, certain official duties to perform that necessitated an interview with the woman Maria Heller, and an inquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at once shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, thay were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming about in a plate of greasy water, dignified by the name ol soup. While the prophetess and her companions were at dinner the part}' entered into conversation with the elder readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had managed to pick op a little English, and she was very proud of her acquirements, but her companions ap peared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a. very large one, while ' the girl herself appeared to be as happy' as possible at her *''?»'* prospects.! There were -three other girls who ex pressed a desire to get situations if they could, but would prefer tarmwork to household work, and Inspector Smith promised to get them situations if pos sible. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her' hut She was sitting at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shaking so much, apparently with tear at the sight of the police uniform, that she;could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Schuttz, who, according to the nun Schmidt's statement, is faer chosen com panion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little, thin, miser able, prematurely-aged looking 'young man, with a livid white compladon, and evidently tar gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impossible to see her face. The conversation bad scarcely commenced — m fact the interpreter bad not asked her name— before she pre tended to get very excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to work herself into an hysterical St The other women — all of whom, by the way, are older than bersdf — at once rushed.' into the hut and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. As tt was so palpable that the woman was -shamming a suggestion was made by Inspector '. Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cm off the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of water over faer. As this s^gestioa was accompanied by a request for a pah- of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon #)er, and she soon recovered. She, however, re requested a few asmotes* delay beibVe ' speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to tier. ' Whue this had been going on, the men, who had been away somewhere, retnmed to the bat, and they were interrogated as to their condition. They - admitted that there was nb money amongst them, and that there was nothing but a little Hour left in the camp, but they were in hopes of getting ' some more from the mill on credit to - cany them on until they carhered their harvest. The}' had but very little meat, their principal food bemg damper. They would be very $Jad of a little assistance in the way of food until they get in their harvest. As to the power exercised over diem by the woman Mark Heller, they refused to give any information, until at last one volnble little man stated that 'he was *ber step-, father. He was ai once pounced upon and led far away from his companions ; and submitted to a series of -3uestioDS. ' He said, 'HynameisCarlScholtzE. Ism 56 yean of age. I consider myself the steffsther of Maria Heller- She is 33 years of ageT lam her stepfather, because her parents areiiead. I have known her about fiVe years. I knew her at Jhordanton, near Hainan, m Silesia. She has not always had these tits. She is oat aetnauy sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that this is as Irne as that there is a God in bearen. I aiu eonvniced tbe ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses viOi bern - the sasoe maziser as is zneotsooed id ^be ^fM^» The spirit of God speaks through her mouth , when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the oodles ' of the dead without giving notice to the authorities hnt what were we to do! We. -. cannot speak English. Tbe notices of the first ! three deaths were sent to the police through. Carl Bemdt. We also sent him die other five notices, but he refused to send them on. - Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness. : We could not send for a doctor because we had : distance without payment. We have Dot ' much food. I liunk if some of those who axe ' dead had had good food they wnuU not hire died so soon. I do not know how often Maria . has these fiances. She had one last night. I . do not know whether she received aiiy mes sage from heaven. We left Snesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by ? While this conversation was going, on . Maria had recovered from her to, and was watching the old man torn a. -Ss- . tance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain revelations that would not - suit her. Unable to stand.it any longer, . she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and th'ensras afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman ;. was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and : height, and looks- about fbrrr years of age, although only owning to .- thirty-three. She is far from gapes seeing in appearance. In £ac^ Jj|e is the most ill-favoured of the whole com munity.. She has a low retreating fore head, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrou-s, and generally a suspicious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual. SlTe has a massive lower jaw. Without waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows : — ' I hive had these trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to me when I am in titan, t hebece the Locd speaks to me then. I only know «bal the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet Bf«. and (excitedly) I deny tint I waserar married, or had anything tit do with men. I doat attempt to guide or interim with tiiese |*ople or Aar childRn. I don't fay to prerant them going to wort He only tiang I tar/ to do is to keep tbem to their letigiafL, and to bring thar children 'np in the right -ny. (am a, Galilean bvteligkn, botlueliere that the Almighty often speaks tome.' This closed the conversation, and sbe was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworrh Asylum. Inspector Smith ordered a. certain quantity of provisions to be supplied b- these people, and gave an order for meat, floor, tea, sugar, potatoes, &c;^ to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest, for which they appeared j very rinmHhl In fact, it was quite a i pleasure to watch the faces of the chil dren as they listened to the list, which was read over by dw ioterprexer; it was, evident, although they did not show it, that a good sulistantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of those who have died: — Mrs. Reich, aged 70; Phoebe Ftdbig, 50 ; Wilhehn Schnman, 50 ; Gottlieb Messingbrod, 50; Martha Jiessingbrod, 25 ; and a stillborn female child. Toe four now^ick are Martha Titdhoven, with pains in the chest ; Gotfiied Dinrnnt, aged 60, scurvy and guuctjl debility j Johanna Duma, 36, riy^iyparicfw - Julius ^ndeis, scurvy. Subsequently Dr. Nicholson, by re quest of die Government, visited the settlement. His report is embodied in tibe following telegram, dated from BenaHa, November 29 : — - Dr. Ifcbolsna arrind at the HiH-nLun settlement *t 5 «'doct yesterday afteraonn. Upon examinine the «ck person*, he stated Mat the disease they were gaffering from was Bnffioent food. H-»»ijin'*a^liinwTf wlj«ifi»d The pronxkms ordered by Inspector Smith aimed late on Sonday erasing, in chaige of Mr. CogarU, of Major-plains, oat a. dnyfoad bad amred daring the previous day. These j provisions had been sent by Mr. HSU, the manager of the fcanfc at Doofcie Sooth, in com pEance with Sit request of Mr. Holmes, P.M. Dt KieboUoa OMMders that there h a possi bffity of the patient* recovering. He had, ; however; no interpreter wrdi him. and could i aotficdycoerersewhii them, end had tbere tote to be content witii a physical examination. While Dr. Sicbolsna was ? J~J~j. the sick hoy, the woman Heller had one of herhvateri cat 6ra in tbe same tan*. 