METHOLDISM. \- ethodism from the fct of its an umal conferences being held in all the colonies this week is prominently before the public agai? The contemplated changes in its usage, if not its consti tution, in many respects render it a subject of very grave interest to its ad herents, and no little anxiety is felt to know what attitude the conference will finally assume towards those changýs, we will not say reforms, which have been agitated in its communion for some time. The policy (f the conference hitherto has been that expressed by Napoleon's maxim :-" Everything Yoa the people, nothing av them ' they have not ap preciated the higher wisdom of Sir Win. Semple, who has said, "that for a prince to govern all cv all, is the great secret of happiness and safety both for prince and people." Every concession granted to the growth of popular de mands has been granted with reluc tance at all times, and with restrictions that made the boon when granted of questionable value. One of the radical mistakes that the W6sdeyan Conference has always made is; tlhit it has feared to' confide in its adherents. It has always been afraid to trust the peojile. It is difficult to account- for this want of trust, apart from what the conference will not regard as a complimentary reason, "That tyrahts always fear those whom they oppress." Without wishing to class this respectable body of minis ters with the deLspotimrns of the world, there is, we fear, no denying the fact that it has put forth pretensions and asserted sacerdotal claims such as no other Protestant Nonconformist Church ever has. We are not, however, concerned to discuss that aspect of the case, and only refer to it now 'for the light it casts .upon the present position of affairs within its borders. T·hat the present condition of things mtinst be changed, that its oligarchical government mnut be brought into closer harmony with ."the institutions and spirit of the age, is seen and acknow ledged. Hence the determination to admit laymen to the conference. But the fine point of contention is, what are .... the .conditions of admission 1 What functions will devolve upon them when admitted l The proposal of the con ference is to allow the laymen to engage in all deliberations on matters of finance; but other matters, such as .those, pertaining. to ministerial status .*and conduct, to the appointment of ministers to circuits, and the receiving of men as ministers, and all such mat ters, amr to be exclusively dealt with by$ the ministers. Now, when it is lknown that at pre sent all financial matters are dealt with -by what are .known as connexional committees-which are composed of laymen and miniisters-the proposal of :the- conference amounts to simply an aunulling of th9se committees, and the transfer of them to the conference, a proposal which to us appears to be, a mockery and delusion, if not insulting. From a ministerial, a conference point " of view, very much is made of the fact, that. a. mixed committee of ministers :.andr laymen have sat to consider the .conditions on which laymen are to be admitted to. this sacred assembly; but the value of this is seen iv;len we learn that all these lay gentlemen are the nominees of the ministers, and who, as ..arule,, swear, by. Jupiter more vehei mently than Jupiter swears by. him K self ;i.:so . tat,,,any recomm?endations emanating from a body . constituted in such a manner: cannot ho accepted as .reliresenting the wishes of the peoploe. The groundd, taken by Weisleyanr nmifistert l nns always appeared to un tu hbe' somewhat' animn?llous and illogical. They discard all prie.stly, all sacerdotal Spretensions. in their .theory .of churcli government, andl yet: in practice ind ''the iatulities of that gbvernmojt their Sassert'their paitoral rights aefter a most 9i/j6rois fadhion. ' They cliim 'to have the sole riglit' to'iudhit persons in aud ' expel themrn froin the Chuiich, :to cidl men into the .ministry, and to expel them from itto' fix the location of min isters irrespective of the wishes of the conbgregatioii to whom they are to \- minister, 'andl 'the ultimatum in 'overy Smatter rests; ,with the minister or the :oonference; and all this .is done in virtue of itheir pastoral or s?iterdotal responsbilities.: Anothor, to uit ,in congr~iou6uh" pit' of 'Methodism is thalt' the cBlass leadersd,; who are' entrumited "ith the dirilot pastoral' overnight of :'}tje Church members," andtl the local :preahor,s who, we hmlinve, are engaged 'on the ground of their being called by the Holy Ghost to the ministry of the Gh.ospel and the, 'Church,' just as the : itinerant pninistber are, Ihave no p'n 'toiral nights. or 'reponsibilities. We ars4.giffitop com ass h'uchi a' cnchluion frpm such premissis beyond our ?com p':reheonsio,' T'ihe oquettioi of th'o hold Sing3of thb'e h.nqh property has croped sup,we.:boliswo,: in: the Lydiard 'street congregation, cacsing sno. fooling. In I ShoWOIosloyan Church, woe unddmrtand, i the 'piport; ' is all vestod in the cdn-' -ero;c (o in whiat is kiiown .a the thodel Iol , dlsd, whoo,layvo t!e. sole legal control I over all tlh papl opnges and: churches; ,b.n6ao loga'lreapnpib?il,"?oi" the debt. E lrflhis to- us is:a very unsatisfatory, stitto ' "'thlit?gR?lid 4euh'-as .ought never to' 't ob·ty-t6loratld.: Wi' do'nht 'not tilht this ,i'i i'b'tlid' miatttrs whliphi .iue enga giig 'tiiA "VWislbyithi miid at'thii presnit tiome 'v will findl a "?ii'itiafiory solution nld - eettlement.-Conmrn unicated to 1/s a t- £ larat Sar: li 