TAL€S m SKETCHES. DEADMAN'5 COVE. j f [Gfiiicluded) As M'e sguall passed ofi, I could jusi see - the .figure .cowing straight • ••wards us. We wcre evidently un- It nppenr(ji3,.as. tliqupli ft \votil3' pass in Iront of "UH v without heeding tlie <fcliV"-Tbi« fefeelubd it'rinet); i liiitj just os it wan'aliont'to cotjie liclween tne nnd a strca|v, of light on the 1 horizon, the moon suddenly shone, clearly out. • , i>,- i >*' saw 4he figurph-distinctly. Its; tattered, dripping dfess, nnd dank,! djslievelled hair were strangely inter-' : twined with sea weed.' U'tieJacc.M-as •averted, and the " tout ensemble"' produced a . most chilling and in-! descili'alile effect. ] ' IcW an uncontrollable itnpulfc'o clutcli.it. The mastiff seemed to lie 'similarly influenced, ,1(11 , w<e made, a simu taneous rush at tlw ligure. l.-lie -instant uve,should l)olli have seized it, Jo my horrorit vanished—vanished J «ttrriv, ; without ^cavingsomuch as a irare. •-•••• - ,,..,., .:-' ,' - 'J'lie .do? had made one "bound at its flmtat : hut, in the very art, ho recoiled with an unearthly yell, and ihreu himself lleavily on the ground, a'td-then, howling tearfully, staggered .backed"; vltiorclhe men were. . • .• • . Mg dism;iy, of course, jyas.uwsat, lilit h'!ieitse ; «1 duty and re.s|x)nsil)ilil y •overcame tear, Mid liiv first thought was .. to rally tlie men, w.liu were -almost liaialysed , f 11 would not do 'to let ihem think -, ;i)>cy had seen anytiling supernatural. 1 Topi-eveni tills, J instantlyordered ; ^hiiie to run' one' wav, and some anbihiT, - not to lel '^lie '-rascal slip Jhronc'h^fliur sfincers ^ii.-that.-way3 to 4]IIIII<: alive; »and Icmcli liim, uud pay -liim oiit'forhis s»ltpj>ery trices, and 1 -•fried .g&ncraliy; y^'imaJLdX'idiKlM'jd whole affair as jM>ssiljle—in (act,, t<> treat it as rather a rji»ke Hian othe -wiae. — All to mi purpose, howovciv A|. llioiifih the men prompt)} obeyed my •orders;>1 could noi^et ilicin to believe •ilia' which 1 did not believe nivself. '1 searched •e»-ery imok and comer ••of the >place -without' finding -anything. ~lt "\vas ot no as the riicn said, •and I could not ileay -the-trulli ol'-the -proposition,.-to look- for that which was ' not there, anil which, if found, •could not bccaual.t. My poor dog JBo'sun, that had :never before shown any sign of fear, was still convulsed with terror, and howled pitc.iusly. It seemed 'as if it <n>ust either die, or go uiad „ 'J'his siate -ot aljairs was by no n cans pleasant. AY itii tlie -exception ••of ihri-e or tour old hands (lint I had •brought -with we from Plymouth, my mien were !risli, and as superstitious •UM the lower classes.afuajs are. 1 Jiad no "real oniiideiue in them. I knew 'that -even >1 -| "persuaded tlieni 'to remain on the spot lor the rest of 'the nii;lit, 1 should'never tie "able to. •indui-«- lliulii to venture there ajiain •after daik. Their -argument uns, that if J would not -believe my own eyes, nor !thrirs either, how could I account tor the stale ot " the poor, darlint old •dog" that was still trembling so /violently ? This, 1 confess, ptuzlcdinc, and, although many, years Inivc rolled by, 1 -have never yet beonableto arrive at •any solution of the problem -that docs •'not Involve supernatural agencies. The storm that we had observed •gathering strength in the distance was •mow last approaching. Tne sky had become totally overcast, imd the •darUm.-s w,a>**nearly complete. O i the suv ace oM he lon^. lira villi; waves <ot the Kroiind-svyeh that ^v.jlled in from seaward, there, floated pale stars i.'f phosphorescent light, tha . with th ir dull •am gvve a strange t •wai'd appearajiix; to the scene. The *liiuidrr iiiovvled: JJHU-ind Joiv,.ill the offinjT, and tlie' iiiin octasionally fell ,in great, heavy strops. . H'hc winds Jiad not. ns. yet rssunied ilieir revels, , lint were. n;ah|festing,thpii: impatience in .great,dreary ciinuhs ;and fiettul ,siglis. 8ttl] the ^fsuiuggjer.s jni^ht effect ih<ir landing. I could not, however, sanction our beating a retreat -until the waviof the winds and waves should 1>e a- hettcr coastguard than even a most ofi'ective Preventive Service. Fatline, thep, in nvv endeavours to deny the^lact ol a supernatural visitation, the «mlv resnuite lel'i im; ol Te assurms; the men \vas a-sen Urn (IIIVMIh^sness ofsocl/appari|ons. Ill conliadietion "ol tnis tliey'Wi-re *>nc1i aeqnainted -with at least « t1o7.cn diileient accounts of ghosts. lianshees'jAvraitlis, or an> oilier sp rits •'except ardent ones, those they -hail I great laith in.) In suppmi of my iheory, I ha'' . recoiirse to the " eKpej-mientdni i" corqoie. villi.'" Mueli ananist the advice and entreaties ol ali, I withr drew fr«>m them, and went alone to the spot. where the spcctrg vanished. There I laid Oowu and t,lined myselr as well- us I could in ihi; «ct slunule . and sen-weed, so as to he as much out ill sijit as possible. I then •dircrted . ttic men watch me and Jook out. lor 'the return of tlie phai - °tum> • ,. ' " • . ^.listened iiitcnlly for the sound ol the footsteps, hut couWheur nothing save the constant wash-wash of the spa, or the occasional flap of "the wings ol ^pine night-bird hovering ar.iund, startled by the flickering o! the lishtnifig in the west. • My dog followed, but would not Stay by me as he had invariably done -belore, and nothing would induce him to. £ The adectionato creature, by its enlercetic actions,-endeavoured to induce we^to abandon my purposeand retire to a pbice of safety, binding, at last, that I Avas determined, lie coiled himsell up unions the men.' ant) subsided into a kind of oneasy sleep. ]- Very shortly afterwards. I fancied I lieaii] (he ioolsteps aeain, far awav in the old direction liy the .wreck. I beaan now to ^neKtion the evi dence of inv seiises, 'aii<! to think thai My «inn-Hi)3t excited imagination must lie.deceiving me. I listened \\\iUi my . to i|u> shingle. and Mhe :. sound seemed certainly to urnw plainer. >til1 dotibiiiia, I snid nothing, but listened intently. ' - 1' h «l V»ui|dj gwwiiju^jouder ami louder at every step, was at length lli-ard tiy the men. The phantom was coming ! With yivat earnestness they entreated me not to remain in ilic path ot ibe spectre, and tiejrjed me no hinger " to tempt the divil." 1 simply told them to keep quiet, to look out steadily tor there-appearance of the ghost, aud at; the same time to keep an eye on me when it should come to whore I was lyinu. l'.JItc was clear that they yave me up for lost, and from tliat moment looked r- on me .as adosmed man. I'iiineslly and anxiously I peered through the gloom in the direction <rl the sound, determined.,il-jiossiiile, to see more ol our supernatural visitant 4his 4tme than the last. ilattle,, rattle, ratile,"rattle 1 in the shingle.. JIow my heart beat, and everv pulse llirotitied veliemciniy ! It seemed a long, lon-r lime—a perfect age in comin<: ni-ai ennu^Ji to be seen. The night was pitch} dark. . Now, by the sound, the fi ,nre seemed to have approached so iiw that a few steps inure, and it inus! nui only lie visible, but actually j» couiaet wiih me. At my side my snord lay drawn, and I clasped my pisioMirmly in my right hand. • My whole menial and nervous system was wrought up to su> h an intensity ofexciteinent as I had nover lieiriie ex perieuceitr" At lengrii the. dnsr was aroused: from its stupor hy the rattling ot the lootlalls oii the shingle. At the very next step it was observed to look in the direction ot tlie sound, aud with a prolonged yell ol' terror, it n-lapsed into that agony ol (car and trembling: which it had manifested at the lirst appearance of the spectre. At the instant thai the dog sot up this fearful howl, the sound of the footsteps suddenly ceased. For some time we listened, but heard them no jnore, nor could we discover any trace of any one having been near us. J ust then the tempest thai, had so long threatened burst with tcrriliu grandeur, and the gale set in again Inrious'ly. The swelling surges dashed fiercely over the crags, sending liuje Hakes ol foam and .blinding showers of salt spray flying on the impetuous blast. - Tiie forked blue lightning, having cleft assunder the muikv eai.opy ol beavori. roshed fiercely lo the earth as tnough it would also rei-d thai as easily. Potted in its attempt, it ran hissing along the ground, venting its spleen in terrific thunders, that crashed and rattled overhead, aud then rolled and rumbled away in the distance I'be vast masses ol stormy clouds had their edges tipped with a brilliant fringe ol flame, as the lightning streamed irom behind them, and flashed with an un- •earthly glare upon the strife of the warriug elements belov. The passage into the cove was now no longer distinguishable. Reef, channel, and all, were enveloped in -one *eeilnng, Ixiilin- mass ol anury »1iiie idiifiiT Tlie pi-c.i1, heavy waves were rushing in a'ony thecoasi with all the strength oi Hie lni-Uty Atlan- tic. . " Our picscnce being no« no longer needed, it was with niueh satisfaction that we hecan our way homeward through the daikness aid driving rain. One of the men told me that he remembered when the wreck iu the bay drove on shore, seven years ago that very night, and that, lie had assisted in hnryiii;: tlie bodies that he had louml liuudled together in the tops. I In y all -'.'appeared to have died ol .-UiVrttinn ; and he w». horrified ut dlm.-nvviiiig that I hi broil li substance, wrapped in linen, which he had inund in one ol their poekets, was a lady's finger, with a bcautilul ring on it, instead ol tobacco as . he had snpposed it had been. This circumstance," -together wijli others to horible Joo iiieni^on, pointed with a dread significance to die {act .thati before they nil perished, son Jihad resorted to the last learlul expedient ol maintaining hfe—cannibalism ; and this finger, possibly,'lia'd been preserved as a relic ol some dear one -who hail died, or, alas ! more probably, it had been stolen from the dead body for the value ol llie Tins that Hie wretched i|ii!?f had been ton much rjebnusten t'< remove otherwise However this nimbi have been, my in'ormant conld nnt fell: hut-ol on" tiling 'relating to it he was. for his 0" ji pcare o' mind, nnlv too well rnnviweil. lie fttJIv liehevcd that the apparition wlich we had jg»f. seen :V>as_ the ghost ol the la'iv lonkiiii for her Jiuser and imo. and. what was n-.i-sc -than nil. f|,al she would, continue tfl h iiiiit iinn lie being possession of it. uniil the dav of his deaM) 1 hail nv rea-on io doubt his story, a d 1 did..nut. I had certainly «een 1he. wierk ; I saw ibe ghnst ot the lady, if pin-ib'e ; and he showed me the iinu in xt morning. Mim-ily afterwards, it p'ensed the anthnrities to .promote me. and give liie the command of a station-on the ^ontli coast of Kngland. I do not, t'lerelore, know whether he ever saw anything mo>e of the Phantom Lady, or not. f shrewdly suspect, however, that on each anniversary of that night neither he nor any of the others would venture liear Headman's Cove. 