JOACHIMS V. O'SHANASSY. A lengthy memorandum of the Attorney- General's, for the guidance of tho Ministry, as to the conduct of tho appeal in tho Joachim v, O'Shannssy case, was laid on tho table of tho Eegi-intivo Assembly on Tuesday. Wo subjoin an analysis of its coutonts : — On receiving the letter addressed by the solicitors of the plaintiffs to tho Under-Secretary, Crown Law Department, requesting the Govern ment to advauce £300 to onnblo them to fee load ing counsol to plead tlioir cose before tho Judicial Committeo of the Privy Council, on the around of the event miblic iinnni-tntiro nf rhn question at issue, the Attornoy-Genornl wroto : — " I liaa no hesitation in immediately and un hesitatingly ncccepting the responsibility of ad vising that tiiis proposal could not be acceded to. 1 advised that the Government ought not to identify itself with either party to this appeal, unless it wus prepared, for tho purpose of having the question fairly and exhnusti voly argued, to udopt a course which will bo hereinafter indicated. And, at the same time, I confessed that 1 did not see clearly how the Government could other wise intiorfore. I was deeply impressed with tho very groat importance of the quostion — with tho fact that tho Government and people of this colony havo infinitely groator in'torost in its satisfactory settlement than either of the parties to this appeal, und with tho desirableness, if it could be off'ected, that tho important oppollato case before the Court of last resort should not be heard anil determined without an adequate re presentation of the colony. For tho purpose of considering whether this could be accomplished I asked for time to examino into the practico and course of procedure of the Judicial Cominittoo of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and to inform myself of tho special circumstances of this nppoul." Having fully nscortained tho circumstances of the appeal, Mr. Dulloy remarks: — "It was not out of regard for the individual interosts of tho appellant and respondents in those particular cases that the Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council reported iu favour of the appollant, but because of tho interests of u large cLss of persons in tho colony, which interests would be aff'ectod by tho construction of a local Act of Parliament ; nnd in this cause tho Judicial Committeo acted in oxact accordance with a number of precedents, 1 which nro to bo found in the reports of thoir | proceedings." | He tlion colls attention to tho following points : — Tho finality of the judgments of tho Judicial I Committee ; thar. it is a court which doos not j follow even in tho honring of counsel tho practico I of the court appealed from; that it is a court I which disregards points of mere form, and will | not willingly dispose of casus upon technical i points ; tbot it is n court which receives ovidenco ill some cases which was not, and could not be, beforo tho court below; and that it is a court which will even roscind its own order granting J leave, etc., to appeal, j The Attorney-General thus concludes : — j " Under all tho circumstances of tho case, I am by no menus clear that the Judicial Com mitteo of the Privy Council would refuse to hear learned counsel representing the Government of New South Wales, which has so deep an interest, in the determination of a question of such im mense importance, by u court from whose judgment there is no further appeal. This would bo done (if it could be done at all) on precisely tho same grounds as those upon which Sir John O'Shannssy bused his petition, and on the further ground that tho Government of this colony is equally interested in the protection of tho rights of tho conditional purchasers under tho Crown Lands Alienution Act of 18G1 It soems to mo that the propor course would bo for tho Attorney-General, on behalf of the Government, to addross a petition to hor Majesty praying for leave to interveno, on the ground of tho very groat interests of the people of New South Wales in tho nppoul, and tho anxiety of tho Government to place tho whole case in as exhaustive u manner as possiblo beforo the court of final resort. If this petition met with tho npprovul of tho Judicinl Committeo (to whom it will be referred by tho Q.neen), tho logul agents of this colony iu London, Messrs. Peachey and Lloyd, would bo advised to instruct the best counsel to be obtuinod ; and everything tending to tlirow light upon the case, so that it might be presonted to the court in tho clearest maniior, co,uld be furnished without delay from tho various departments of the Government. I presume tho single object of tho Government is to obtain a judgment, which, and as it will bind us all as far as the law exists at present, shall bo only pronounced upon a full acquaintance with our colonial law, and after the best argument at their lordships' bar. Should their lordships decline to recommoud to hor Majesty that per mission should bo given to tho Government of this colony to intervene, I see no othor way of our being satisfied with the conduct of tho appeal but the one which I shall proceed to suggest. If both the appollant and respondent consented, the Government might undertake the instruction of counsel on both sides, furnishing them with exactly the same information — which of course in both casos would bo all that the Government could supply, and that the legal advLers of tho Government desired — theGovornmeut preserving the strictest neutrality betwoen tho parties ; and counsol being instructed that the only object of the Government was to secure a full argument of tho question as a foundation for a satisfactory and final judgement. I conceive it to be my duty to inform tho Government that the sum of £300 which is placed upon the Estimates for defray ing the costs of this appeal, in the evont of the Government being permitted to appear and tako part in it, will in my opinion be insufficient for the purpose," Ciiubcii of England. — By a telegram receivod yesterday afternoou from the Rev. Mr. Ynrring- ton, we learn that thore will bo no service in St. Cleinent'B Church on Sunday next, owing to his being dotuined in Sydney by the advice of liis medical attendant. The reverend gentleman adds in his telegraphic note " deeply regret dis appointment." Charles James Poole, for some year of so Clerk of Petty Sossious at Yass, and who, as the locul agent for the sale of Cro wn lands, victimised tho public revenue to a considerable extent, is now, as we have been given to understand, earn ing his livelihood in tho mothor country as the writer of ultra-Protestant articles for an Orange newspnpor! The Lands Acts Amendment Bill will be found in extenso on tho fourth page. Wo invite cor- rnsnntiH Anno no flm rM>Antin.H 1 . — Yuiuu ui us pro visions. Mb. Greaves, formerly manager of Messrs. Davies, Alexander, nnd Co.'s store in Yass, was, as we havo beon informod, on intending pas senger by the Australian Steamship Company's vessel Victoria, and, consequently," one of the unfortunate individuals referred to in the follow ing English telegram : — " London, April 7. The Australian Direct Steamship Company has col lapsed, and a petition for liquidation has boen presented. The Victoria, which had been lnid on for Melbourne, hns beon withdrawn, and the disappointed passengers appealed to tho Lord Mayor for redress." The Election Qualifications Committee is, we understand, occupied at present with the petition of Mr. G. M. Stephen ngainst the return of Mr. William Watson for the electoral district of tho Williams. The petitioner charged tho member elect with divers acts of bribery and cor ruption, hence tho long-windednoss of the in quiry. On its conclusion, the next business which tho committee has to go into is tho petition against tho member elect for Yass Plains. The Weather. — On Tuesday a very welcome rain set in, and continued all that day and the best part of Wodnesday. Yesterday it cleared up, and in tho afternoon was bright and summer- like. On Wodnesday there were several thunder- clups. A Sale of Leases of CnowN Lasds was held 011 Tuesday last, at tho Yass district land offico. The only lands olio red wore two lots of 850 acres each, situated in the parish of Grabben Gullon, which were knocked down at tho upset price of £1 6s. 6d«, rental per annum, to Mr. Thomas Dowling, junior. The Yass Plains Electoral List, 1S75-C, was revised on Tuesday by the local bench. The fol lowing names wore struck off' the list:— J. J. Iioborts, left district; Piers Flandoi'3, left dis trict ; G. II. Tempost, left district; J. Bath, doad ; J. Douglas, loft district; G. Corcoran, left district. Tho undermentioned names wore udded to the list:— P. J. O'Keeft'n nnrt j. i?. Sharp. In Insolvency, — In the estate of Jamos Bontlcy, of Murrumbiirrnh, sub- contractor, a first moet- ing will bo hold tit Young on the 3rd May, and a second also at Young on the 10th May. In the estate of William Leliano, of Waggo Woggu, grazier, a special meeting for proof of debt "will be hold in Sydney on tho 2Sth inst,— Meetings of creditors, Friday, April 30, at 11 a.m.— Before tho district commissioner : William Smith, third meeting at Tumut ; George McLeod, second meeting at Braidwood. The Yass Streets. — In tho Legislative Assem bly to-day, Mr. Fitzpatrick, M.P., is to ask the following questions :— When will the alignmont of tho streets of Yass he completed, and the streets handed ovor to tho custody of tho Muni cipal Council? Has tho attention of tho Secre tary for Public Works. boon culled to tho danger ous stato oi tho Groat Southern road, whero it passes through tho town of Yass ? Church of England Synod. — Tho second session of the third Synod of the dioceso of Sydney was opened on Tuesday. Tho Bishop ot Sydney delivered an opening address. Sir John O Siianassy has been sounding tho Ararat (Victoria) constituency, but it is " no go-" The Police Department is calling for candidates for omploymont in the force. Commercial. — Owing to the cossation of tho carriers' strike, more teams have passed through Yass during the lust day or two than wo have noticed for several wotoks.— We clip tho follow ing stock items from our Waggn Wagga con temporaries :— Mr. J. H. Wall is has purchased 50 high class rams from the well-known Evorton merino flocks of Mr. A. H. llume.— Tho executors of the Into Duncan Robertson (North Junee) havo sold to Mr. Grouvos, of Yass, 1000 owes ir. lamb. Madame Anna Bisnor is now on hor return (overland) journey from Melbourno to Sydnoy. She contemplates giving a concert in Yass somowhoro about tho -lth of May. The musical critic ot tho Australasian, speaking of Madame Bishops rooont operatic performances in Mel bourne, says :— " Of Madame Bishop's perform ance of the Druid priestess (Normnj, it is part of a lihoral inusicul oducutiou to have hoard it. It affords one a good standard of comparison hy which to judge other Norraas, She sings Bellini s music with a conscientiousness it Is refreshing to listen to. There is no scamping no shirking of difficult passages, no slipping underneath u bur that demands an ell'orb to get ovor. You p.ro not beguiled into an unmerited udmirntion by the sophistries of fioriturc the ornamentation is genuine, and is always characterised by a perfect taste. And in all this, there is nothing mechanical, nothin" soulless; expression show3 itsolf at every point" you could gather tho moaning ovon if you did not know the argument." Funeral Reform is a quostion which is beitm- actively agitated in most coutres of population Yass shouid follow suit, and doom tho undor- tuner with his oxpensi .'o and ghastly munimorios to extinction. 1"e Victorian Lands Office Defaulter, Tho trial of O'Forrall commenced on Monday Ho was defended by Mr. Ireland, Q.U., and Mr! Molesworth. Tho charge against him is em bezzling about £16,000 from cfio Victorian Lands Office. A Chinese Medico, named On Leo, contem plates paying u professional visit to Yass about the middle of next month. Australian Mutual Provident Society.— The , report for presentation to the 26th annual meet- 1 nig of tho members of tho above institution shows the following figures :— During the twelve months ending 31st December, 1874, tbero were 3291 proposals accepted and completed, assuring £1,166,650. Tho balance of receipts ovor dis- bursements amounted to £182,571 2s. 7d., and tho accumulat ed _fund is quoted as standing at £1,500,047 16s. 5d. Tho number of policios issued since tho establishment of tho society lip to the end of last year was 26,262 assuring over ten millions of pounds, or which 6167 policies have boen discontinued. Tho influx of business from the neighbouring colonies continues, it is said, to bo unabated. The expenses of manage ment ore sot down nt £33,329 8s. 3d. for the past year. During the samo period, £11,778 17s. 7d. was paid as agents' commission. Tho invest ments ol tho society in colonial Government . debentures nro as undor:— New South Walos, £141,436; New Zealand, £167,998 ; Queensland, £203, o05 ; South Australia, £21,021; Tasmania, £76,100. £416,518 are shown as loaned on mortgage in New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland. Unclaimed Letters.— List of Iotters (No. 6) returned from the country, and now lying at the General Post-office, Sydney, unclaimed : — Ship Letters, — S, J. Alstor, Yass; 8, Thos. Bcazley, Yass; 24, William Gronfoll, Mutt Billy; 34, G« llofman, Cnstlestend, Burrowa; 14, C. Keon, Gunning; 22, Henry Lynch, Yuss ; 33, John V. Wilson, Yass. Inland Letters. — 15, All Ling, Burrowa; 32, John Allen, Yasa ; 3, Peter Bachan, Murruinburrah ; 31, Thomas Barker, Y'ass ; 91, Mr. Biggs, blacksmith, Nanuma; 115, R. Bolger, caro of Mr. Grogan, Y'ass road ; 116, Mrs. Bolton, Gunning; 123, Peter Borbam, Y'ass; 160, E. Bronkman, Yass;' 199, Jno. Brown, Spring Creek, Yass; 201, Jno. Brown, Burrowa; 262, Putrick Bynos, if ass; 264, J. j Byrne, Blnck Springs, Y'ass road ; 5, Mrs. Bndgon G'ahill, Burrowa; 11, Mr. Cnllaghan, Murrurabidgee ; 50, Patrick Carroll, Burrowa; i 209, Michael Costello, Burrowa; 245, Danl. I Cruise, Grabben Gullen ; 157, Josoph Dwyer, I Burrowa; 4, John Fardy, hotel, Burrowa; 29, George Field, Biiialong ; 82, James Green, Doctor's Creek, Yass ; 33, John Hnnnon, carrier, Gunning; 44, W. H. Harris, Gunning; 148, Mr. Hithin, Yass; 164, W. Holgate, Yass; 41, C. Jones, carrier, care of Amos and Co., Bown- ing ; 4, George Lanhnne, Yass ; 27, John Law- son, Y'ass; 43, Mr. Legget, Y'ass; 52, W. J. Mathews, Burrowa; 114, William M'Gregor, Y'ass; 166, Patrick M'Mahon, Wombat (2); AT' uni.a V.a o « . Tl. - I 3 r . J 1 J-uaa, ii, UUIJII J.YUWIUUU, XUaiSy 20, \\\ illiam Parnoil, Bowning ; 52, Thomas Rickett, Mopity ; 146, Thomas Ryan, Burrowa ; 14, Charles Snunsbury, jun., Limestone, Y'ass ; 14, Charles Suunsbury, son., Limestone, Yass ; ol, Thomas Soaly, Reedy Creek : 51, Roadgy Shoeday, Vombat; 174, R. Stokes or Seymour, Burrowa; 49, J. N. Throuer, Y'ass; 50, E. Thurkottlo, Murrenburrab (2) ; 61, John Torvey, Mutt Billy, Gunning (4) ; 84, Jamos Turpin, Gunning; 78, Mrs. West, Y'ass; 159, Mr. Withers, Yass road; 14, Win. Young, Yass. Initials and Mottoes, — 20, Nam Young, Burrowa. Parliament. — In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, the Postmaster-General said it was the intention of tho Government to bring down ostimntos for telegraph extension during the present sossiou. The Minister for Lands said that the Government intended, ris early as possible, to bring in a bill to regulate the dividing fences of ndjoining or pastoral lands. — Mr. Cameron moved — "That this House, having in vi6iv tho moral and political welforo of the producing classes of the community, is of opinion 1\. That all Government building and railway contracts should contain a clause specifying that the work be curried out on the principle of eight hours daily labour for those engaged on such contracts. 2. That the above resolution bo com- ' municatod by address to his Excellency the Governor." This motion wns negatived by a majority of 34 to 5 (the five being Messrs. Cohen, Davies Terry, V . C. Browne, and tho mover.) — The following resolution was carried: — "That in the opinion of this House, so much of the regulation of the Council of Education numbered two undor tho head of ' School Administration,' which requires in the case of tho establishment of Public schools the contribution from private sources of one-third of the cost of erecting and furnishing scliool buildings, inclusive of schools now in courso of construction, for which sufficient funds have not been subscribed, ought not in future to bo enforced. 2. That the foregoing resolution bo communicated by address to his Excellency tho Governor." The nbove resolution was in snhsr.nnr.u mm nr.. -n_„i .1. _ ...... ,-arKBS, ma only alteration on his original proposition being the words from "inclusivo" to "enforced" added as amondmont by Mr. Jacob. On this motion, the member for Y'ass Plains snid ho had given to the Public Schools Act tho best support ha could ; and, as he supported it, the system wns wholly in favour of public schools. His sympathies wero entirely with tho public, scliool. But tho act had engrafted on it by tho Parliament ail important amendment, whereby denoniin- , ational schools wero supported ot the public cost. They were created by tho law, and ho thought they should not now bo wiped out, A , somewhat similar courso should, howovor, bo I pursued 113 wns tnken in regard to tho abolition of State-aid. Clergymen who were in receipt of salaries, wero to bo paid as long as they lived and discharged their tlntios. The same course might bo adopted with denominational schools. Those creatod by law should bo sustuinod by and Irom tho public funds as long as thoy existed, and kept to tho standard required. Tho de nominational school teachers wore now in every way as efficient as tlio teachers in public schools, nnd he (Mr. Fitzpatrick) really beliovod tho two systems having beon placed iu competition had resulted in much good. If the donouiinntionnl Bchools were worthy of support at tho time when tho I ublic Schools Act was in force, they were now more doserving of being continued as thoy had vustly improved. It was unfair to ask tho 00 nil try districts to pay one-third townrds tho cost of erecting public schools, nndaB the resolu tion was in effect, tho abrogation of that principle, ho would give it his support.— Mr. Stuart characterised tho hod. member for Y'ass ns in consistent, and maintained in opposition to what he conceived to bo tho views of the lion, mem ber, that tho country had not pronounced nguinst denominational schools. — Mr. Fitzpatrick ropliod, ho did not say tho country Imd pronouncod against denominational schools ; what ho had said was that the country had pronounced largely 111 favour oi public schools. He argued that' tho vested interosts of' denominational schools should bo guarded to tho uttermost (hear, hoar) and no denied that tho country bad pronounced in favour or either 0110 systom or the othor; public feeling was, in fact, very fairly dividod. He asked the House to bo very gnardod beforo fol lowing tho oxtrorao syst.om adoptod in Victoria. Uno ot tho udvantagos of tho present systom wns its mixed character ; nnd ho believod that tbore was 110 systom so good ns that which had a denominational character. At the snme time he admitted that there was a largo portion of the coinmnnity who thought othorwiso. Thore ouffiit to bo, he urged, some power given to tho Council of Education to regulate, but not entirolv stop, the voluntary efforts, of the pooplo. But by doing away with tho voluntary principle thoy would bo destroying tho self-reliance of tho pooplo thomsolves. They wero. taking their children from them to educate them ns n' matter of btato right, and according to State views; wuoreos all legislation in tho matter of education should . bo to make or induco tho parent to educate tho child ns tho pnrent thought right, so long ns the State requirements were fulfilled, (llonr, hoai.) Tfiny ought to make odncntion thoroughly national; but nny system which ignored to a large extent tho views ol a very large portion — he would not say a majority, but, at all events, a very rospectnblo minority — was the very opposite of n national system, which should curry with it tho willing service of tho whole nation. Ho considered that a good objoct would I be gnined by the discussion of the prosont resolu tion, nnd suggostod its withdrawal, in order to get a clonr expression of tho views of tho Govorn- ment upon the whole question of educntion. Valueless Cheques.— Fortescue A. Harvey, who, early in tho present month, wns forwarded to Syanoy on remand by tho Y'nss bench for ob taining goods from Mr. F. Loathart by means of a valueless cheque, nnd, also, on the charge of stealing n watch from Mrs. Wnlbtco,, of Sydney, was brought up beforo tlio Central Police Court on Tuesday, and committed on both chnrgos. Wo snbjojn the S. M. Herald's roport of those cases : — Fortescuo Arthur Hnrvoy wns brought boforo tho Court, on remand from Ynss, charged with having at Ynss, about the 25th Murcli last ohtuined from F. Leathart, storekeeper, bj means of a false pretonce, goods and money to the amount of £2. At the Yass Court, Edward Moloswortb, in the employ ofFroderiok Leathart, atorokoeper, deposed that on tlio 25th March pri soner purchased goods to tho amount of 20s., and in payment drew a cheque (produced) on tho Haymnrket Branch of the Commercial Bnnk of Sydney, for payment of £2, and signed it "p. Richard Cozen's nc.Fortoscue A. Harvey," which witness accepted and gave 14s. in change. Beforo prisoner bad time to tako nway tho goods Iib was arrested on warrant in respect to another chnrgo, and was romauded to Sydney. To-day Ewen F, M'Pherson, of tho Haymarkot branch of the Commercial Bank, deposed that a person named Richard Cozens fans an account in that establishment, but they have not been authorised to pay cheques drawn as this is drawn. Richard Cozens deposed that he never authorised pri soner to draw choques upon his account at the bank. Prisoner resorved his defence, and wns committed for trial at tho Quarter Sossions. Bail allowed in £80, with two sureties in £40 cucb. Harvey was tbon charged with having at Sydney, on the 13th March, stolon a watch the property of Martha Wallaco. A watch worn by prisoner at tho time of his arrest at Yass was produced in court. Martha Wallace deposed that she is marriod, and resides at Poppenhngen's Hotel, Clarence-street, where for some time previous to tho 13th ultimo prisoner was stop ping ; on that day she gave him a watch— the watch produced — to take to Foster, of George- Btreot, to be repaired ; prisouor wont with it but did not return ; the watch is worth £3. Com mitted for trial at Quarter Sossions. Bail allowed. PRESS ETIQUETTE.—On the 16th inst., the Tam- worth News copied into its "poets' corner" some lines called "Longings" without any acknow- ledgment whence they were obtained. The lines appeared a few issues back in the Yass Courier under the heading "Original Poetry," and were above the initials "W. R. T." As the News in all probability, did not err intentionally, we trust our contemporary will make the necessary amende in justice to the author of the lines re- ferred to. On Dit that the Hon. Henry Parkos is to havo the management of a now daily paper about to bo started. The company is snid to be a Mel- bourne one, and tho capital £50,000.— Western Independent. The Australian Mutual Provident Societv. — The Hon. Aloxander Campbell has announced his intention of resigning his office of director of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. The Hon. Snnl Samuel is a candidate for the vacant seat. The Alleged RonitEnY at One Tree Hill, near Jeir. — On Monday, before tho Bathurst bonch, Roderick McKonzie (on romnnd from Saturday) was charged on suspicion with robbery under arms, — Constnblo McGuire, deposod that about 5 o'clock on Friday evening last from information he received ho spoke to the prisoner at the race course; in reply to questions put to him by witness, he said his name was Roderick McKenzie : that he did not know where he was on the 3rd instant, bnt was at Quoanbeynn Races on the last two days of last month ; that he came by Burrowa a id other places that he could not remember ; that he cutuo by One Troe Hill ou the 5th inst; the constable then arrested prisouor on a chargo of of robbing one John Flanagnn of £106 on tho 5th at One Tree Hill; in reply to tho charge prisouor said "I know all about it, Tom tho gunner told mo yesterday thero was a charge against me and I hud better clenr out, ho and I were camped on One Tree Hill at the black smith's shop on tho duy of the robbery and wo wi re told all ubout it." Immediately afterwards ho s iid " I wish I had novor come hore, it cost me £40 to como and I nevor made a shilling;" on being searched £13 lis. 3d., a watch und chain, pocket knife, some matches, dice, diuo box, ring, watch-key, and box-key woro found on prisoner; witness afterwards wont to his lodgings at the Whito Horso Hotel, snw the woman who said sho wns his wife and askod her to show mo whero his property was, she did so and witness took possession of tho koy of the room until prisonor returned from the racecourse; whonhe came witness took him to tho room and took charge of tho gaming box produced containing some murblos ; witness arrested prisonor in consequouco of a telegram rocoivod from Yass and a report in tho Police Gazette nf 7th April, describing a robbory at One Troe Hill on tho 5th instant; witnoss pravod for prisoner's romnnd to Queanbeyan bonch to bo dealt with.— Prisonor wns romanded to Queanbovnn ' to answor tho charge. - -Free Press. Cricket — Lraidwood v. Gouluurn.— Tho return match between tho above clubs was played at floulburn on Saturday Inst, whou Goulbnrn was again victorious. — Herald. Important to Australian Wool-growers. — Tho commercial reporter of the S. M. Herald says : — A most important item in Prosident Grant's last mo3sago to Congrois appour3 to have oscapod notice. It is a recommendation to abolish the duties on fine wools, such as are not producod in tho United Stntes, but would em- braeo almost every class of Australian. If tho suggestion meets tho approval of tlio tariff com mittee it will probably roeoive legislative sanc tion nt onco, and may havo a beneficial effect on the value of our next wool clip. The Gardiner Case. — London April 17. In the House of Lords, tho Earl of Carnarvon, Secretary of State for tho Colonies, in consenting to the Earl ofBelmore's motion for the produc tion of tho papers relating to tho reloaso of Gardiner, tho bushrangor, in Xo\y South Walos, stated that pardoiw would bo granted in future on tho responsibility of the Homo Government, after consulting with the colonial Ministry. — Telegram to Molbourno Daily Telegraph. or range i ii ex omen on, — ruo extraordinary sound described by our ( Queanbeyan Age) Mica- logo correspondent as having boon noticed there midnight of tho 14th-15th instant ns of a drum beaten at intervals, the sound proceeding from lie northwost at that township, wos also heard at ibo some time at tho old sheop-station at Coogongs, twenty miles or more from Micnlngo, »y Mr. McCann and Mr. E. Hineksman. The gc-ntlemon namod had been shooting and woro camped for tho night. Thoy doscribod the sound as of the two chambors of a double-barrelod gun firca in rapid succession, nt n distance of about two Iiundrod ynrds from whero thoy wore camp ed, Tho sound was ropeoted nt short intervnls, the second double report boing much nearor to thorn than the first, and tho subsequent ones gradually receding to tho southeast and becoming fainter, not ns from being more remoto, but as if from exhaustion of explosive forco until thoy died nway in mero pull's. Accident.— On Saturday Inst Mr. Frnnk Blox- lam, residing with Mr. If. Kennedy near Gun ning, dismounted from his horso, which had been jiduun for tho first time on that ocension; and directly he reached the ground tho animal kicked Liin with groat forco on the arm, causing n icrere compound comminuted frncturo jii3t below lise elbow. Mr. Kennedy, who witnessed tho accident, sent Mr. Bloxham into Goulbnrn, whero be was attended to by Dr. Davidson, and is now progressing as woll as can bo wished nudcr tho erircuinstaucos. — Goulburn Herald. The OrncE op Curator or the Australian Museum. — A document laid beforo tho Assembly t?n Tuesday contain the opinion of the present Attorney-General and tho joint opinion of Messrs. Martin and Fuucett, Crown Law Ollicers, given in Novcmhor, 1SG3, upon tho question whether tho appointment of tho Curator of tho Australian Museum is vested in the Government »r iu the trustoos. These official opinions aro concurrent in affirming thot tho appointment is vested in the trustees ; and that given by Mr. Dalley adds that "the trustoes, and the trustoos alone, '.had tho power to dismiss tho Curator."— M. Herald. The Dangers or the Sea, — Tho passengers by )fce Elloro, ou thoir passage from Sydney to Mel bourne, had to put Cnptain Dundas, hov master, under restraint. IIo was in a groat stato of ex- nilemont, took tho holm from the stoersmnn, and beaded the vessel for "Wilson's Promontory. At another time ho raised u cry of fire, and sent all the passongers to ascertuin tho locale of it. Finding that the vossol was out of hor course, and steoring towards tho land off tho Promon tory, the captain was soized nnd put below, a guard being kept over him until thoir arrival at Willinmstown. — Telegram to Evening News. Captain Dundas has beon re-called and sent borne by tho China. Legal Commissions. — The following corres pondence has appeared in tho S. ill. Herald: — " Sir, — My attention lias beon called to tho fol lowing passage in tho Herald of tho 2nd instant : — ' Mr. Buchanan : The Attorney-General offered mo a commission to nttend a Circuit Court last sossion, and I told him I could not take it.' I was Attornoy- Genernl during tho wholo of last session, nnd Icertninly novor oflerod tho honour able nnd learned membor any such commission. — Fnithfully yours, J. Geo. Long In.nes."— " Sir, —I do not think it required a ghost to come from the grave, not oven that of tho Into Attorney-General, to inform the public that Sir Joseph Innos nevor offered mo a commission to prosecute prisoners. From tho day bo took offico as Solioitor-Goneral I was engagod proso- cuting the Government to which he belonged, and never ceased until a verdict of guilty wns pronouncod against it nnd sontonco of oxptilsion passed. From tho leisure brought about by this verdict and sontonco the Into Attorney- General writes you the letter hended as above. I do not know whothor ho quotes the Herald's report correctly, orwhother that roport was in itself correct, never having seen it. But what I said in tho Legislative Assembly on a lalo oc casion was in substance this : — ' I was oflerod n commission to prosecute the other day, and rofused it' — a thing I nm nlwnys likoly to do, seeing thnt at the Circuit Court I attend I receive, for defending a few prisoners, more than double tho sum the Crown allows for prosecuting them all. No doubt the exit of Sir Joseph Inno's from official life has loft an ouormous vacuum which ho may well suppose remains void and desolate, but if a searching investigation of tho position was entered upon it raight'actually be found that somotbiDg like an nttompt has been made to meet the dread emergency, and that it is just possible thut tho office of Attorney-Genoral may now bo filled by a gentleman of pre-eminont ability, of distinguished position in his profession, and pro bably competent to know what he is doing in tho littlo matter ol granting commissions to pro secute. — Your very obediont servant, David Buchanan. The Gouluurn Post-Office. — A short time back Mr. Dalgarno, chief-clerk in tho general post-office, held nn inquiry into certain alleged irregularities and compluiuts in connection with the Goulbnrn office. Tho result of the inquiry and tho decision of the Postmaster-General thereon have not been published; but we hour that, considering tho central position of Goulbnrn, the numher of offices in the neighbourhood, and the readiness with which they can ho inspected from here, it is contemplated to make Goulbnrn the head-quarters of an inspectoral district, tho postmaster to be inspector of tho surrounding offices. Consequent upon this it is intended to send here a fresh staff of officials trained in the general post-office. The prosent postmastor, Mr Scowcroft, will bo removed to the charge of one of tho suburban post-offices, near Sydney, a change involving no rofloctioti upon his character and which we understand he has for some time beon desirous of making in view of his increasing age and tho long hours nnd great amouut of night- work in the Goulburn office. \\\ uolesale Rohheuv. — Gooi'ge Allen, a porter in Mr. Mooro's storo at Singleton, wns urrestod on warrant on Tuesday, charged with stealing from his employer. Scvou dray loads of goods with Moore's brand on them were found on pri soner's premises.— Telegram to Evening Neivs. Disfiguring Horses. — The business of tho Young police court was considerably lengthened ' on Tuosday by tho hearing of a ense wiieroin a boy was charged with having disfigured three horsoB, tho property of Mr. James' Roberts, of Harden. The evidence wns of rather ou un- roliablo chructor, and consequently the caso wns dismissed. Tho result nt nil events so fur gives tho public u capitnl opportunity of judging how tho system of disfiguring horses is carried on in tho bush. Tho spirit of lnrrikinisra, it sooms, is at tho foundation of tho whole, nnd wo trust that ore long some of tho guilty parties will be found out and punished as the law directs. Numerous complaints havo been made to us by neighbours residing in the district of thoir horses havo been maltreated and during the bearing of ono of the witnosses on Tuesday it was stated that one of bis horses had actually had a piece of its tonguo cut off by some cruol person. — Burrangong Chronicle. A Tbrrihlb Accident.— Last Saturday, Mr. Jamos Russell, the contractor for the shipment of coal at the Government crates, at Newcastle, received some very severe injuries while assist ing to ship bullocks from No. S crane to tho barque Mary Mildred. Ho jumped into the yard to pick tip a rail, when n bullock which had pre viously boon quiet nttackod him, tossing him threo times iu tho air; ono of tho horns pene trated tho back of tho left thigh, indicting a ; wound nino inches long. Thero was a second wound near tho groin. Though tho wounds are of a vory sovoro nature, they are not likoly to | provo fotal. — Evening News. i Fatal result up' a pall prom a tree.— On | Monday tho district coroner, held an inquest nt the Goulburn hospital on the body of Charles ! Williams. Ralph Ifoso deposed ho was quarry- man at No. 40 cutting, Yass railway; ho identified the body as that oT Chnrlos Williams, who was a labourer working with him ; on Saturday night the 10th instant doeensed 'and he had just ro- turued from tlio camp : witnoss was in his tont when nn opossum began to sing out; heard deceasod sny, "there's liio swine that kept mo awake the Inst two or throe nights— I'll go and cock him ; " he accordingly went out, and in n fow minutes ho heard him sny ho had got him ; he said he wns twelve feet from the ground; witnoss told him to knock him down with tho I clothos-prop; deceased tried to do so hue could not roach the 'possum ; ho commenced to climb tho troe; ho climbed about six foot and then fell ; witnoss advised him to leave it alone, but deconsed snid ho would not, and commoncod climbing agnin, and reached the 'possum ; ho struck it live or six times with n stick ; it then swung by tho tail, and ho told him to hit him thero ; the 'possum got on to tho troo again nnd again to crawl down to whoro Williams wns standing; deceasod throw tho stick over his shoulder and jumped down ; witnoss ran and picked hitn up; ho could not speak at first ; askod him subsequently if ho wns much hurt, and deconsed snid "no ;" somo other men enmo up, nnd with thoir assistance bo got him into his tent; he said ho thought his collur-hono was brokou on tlio loft side, nnd if ho was left rest he would bo nil right ; deceased romnincd in bed all Sunday, and on Monday snid he thought lie would go to work, but in tho afternoon ho got worse, and ho brought him in to tho hospital. Tho jury found that tho decensod diod from injuries sustained by accidentally fulling from a troe. — Goulburn Herald. The Rev. James Greenwood as a Land Rk- pormer. — Mr. Greenwood has lately addressed two letters to tho S. ill. Herald on tho subject of land legislation. Ho reviews tho Queensland Land Act favourably. Of tho Victorian measure ho says : — " It is ensy to porcoivo that its general effect is to vex nnd harass pnstoral occu pation in Victoria moro than in any other part of Australia. Nor is thoro any compensation to the colony in tho way of a moro liberal provision for agricultural settlement, except in tho extra ordinary prohibition of cultivation for snlo by tho pastoral tenant." With regard to the pro posed Amending Act for New South Wales, Mr. Greenwood says:— "For my pnrt I am quite suro thnt thoso proposed alterations will do no more than stnvo oil' a moro comprehonsivo measure, such as tho condition of things urgontly domnnds, and which the prosont Govornment might have, carriod if thoy had only possessod the courage to make tho attempt. Already we have a Crown Lands Alienation Act, a Crown Lands Occupation Act, a Commons Regulation Act, a Crown Lands Occupation Act Amendment Act, and now wo are to have a Lands Acts Araend- menVAct ! 1 Surely hero is confusion enough to puzzlo a lawyer; not to speak of that fourth part of our ndnlt population, who are still in a state of blissful ignorance of the-arts-of reading and writing. Would it not bo better to sweep the wholo of those Acts away, and give us a simple and comprehensive measure which oar people could understand without ruining one another by perpetual appeals to the Supremo Court and Privy Council ?" The Intercolonial Exhibition closed on Satur day lust. The total numbor of persons who paid for admission to the exhibition, sinco the open ing, is 83,380, and the total receipts £3934 12s. 4d., which is £500 in excess of tho receipts of last year. In addition to those who puid for admission thoro woro vory many persons who wore admittod by ticket. — "Evening News. Holloway's Pills and Ointment. — The most effectual Cure for Gout nnd Rheumatism. — A frequent cause of these complaints is tho inflam matory state of tho blood, nttendod with bad digestion, lassitude, and great debility, showing tho want of a proper circulation of the fluid, and that impurity of the blood groatly aggravates thoso disorders, Holloway's pills are of so purifying a nature that a few doses taken in time nro nn ofl'octual preventive against gout and rhoumatism, but any one that has an attaok of cither should use Holloway's ointment also, the poworfnl properties of which, combined with tho effects of the pills, ensure a certain euro. The ointment should be thoroughly rubbed into the pnrts affected at least twice a day, aftor thoy have boon sufficiently fomented with wnrm water to open the pores to facilitato the introduction of the ointment to the glands. Mark Twain on Bad Mu.-tciANs.— It is a subject of genoral remark among druggists thnt no modicine introduced in Australia has met with so large a sale as Weston's Wizard Oil. Possessing such healiog and curativo qualities, this great American remedy has a wide range of application and usefulness. It far exceeds tho expectations ol tho most sanguine, eliciting the loudest praise, and makes permanent living advertising mediums of all wbo'uso it. Oomposed enlirely of healiDg gums, vegetable oils, and herbs, Weston's Wizard Oil is pronounced by all " A balm for every wound." " a oure for every ill." Thirty-pence at nil Druggists. 