' RECIPES. Savoy Cabbage -Soup.— Take half a savoy cabbage, shred it very fine, and set it to' buil ; nr stock f rec from fatand well flavoured On' j the other hand, parboil a-teacupful of rice and when the eablmee has- boiled for t-n minutes, throw it. in- to finish cooking with the nee ; .when both are thoroughly done put in a handful of grated Parmesan cheese end serve. Celery Soup (Turcic : Brown).—1 Take a quantity of the outer. stalks of celery, cut in small pieces, and boil them in salted water till quite done. Cut up an onion and a cairot in. small dice. fr3- thetu in butter to a broun colour, add the cclerv, moisten with a little stock, season with a pepper and salt, and pass the whole through a hair sievc. Dilute the pulp with more stocic. make it boding hot ; stir m, off the fire, the >-o!k of an egg beaten up wuh 11 lift - eold stock, and serve- over dice of bread fried in butter 1 . AaiivD 5Iui roN.— I' rv an onion ehnpp-d SOtall, with some butter, tnl it is browned?' add a tab.c»poonful of flour, and one anil a 1 f or tvvo Hills of stock . somcvyfiole pepjier; salt to taste, a tcaspoonful "of villi nut . Ciitsiip;'half that-quautitv :of- ,\\\ orce.-.ter- sauce, and a t-ilrlespionfnl of tomato sauce. bt:r tuc whole together, let it boil once or twice, and strain it in;o a sauce pan. When eold, Ip.y tne pieces of mutton in -s-t- wilii tills sauce, and place the saucepan hv the side of the fare, so tnat the contents are very graduallv beaten : shake the saucepan occasionally, but never, let the hash boil, bervc with sinpets of bread fr'eil 111 butter. Mayonnaise of Chicken. — Cut a cold chicken tip in smail pieces, and let- it stand Cor two hours iu ti tittle vinegar, drain, and arrange in a dish With ,u suitable sauce poured over it. and garnished over with clear meat jelly anil watercress. Remarkable Ghost Story-.— A curious ghost story, the 'scene of which is laid iu a gaol, is related bv the A'cto Fork Times of March 11 : — " Kackensae.k, in Bergen Count7, has a sensation iu the. shape of a genuine ghost which hannts the county gaol, and creates the utmost consternation among tho prisoners and other inmates. The spirit has been recognised as that of John W. Avery, the young man who was hanged in the gaol on June 28, 1S72, for murder. Tlie mysterious phenomena which accompany the appearance of tin: spirit were at lirst- attributed to some plan ol escape concocted by tho pri soners, but recent developments prove that such is not the case. A prisoner named "Wallace, who was confined in tho gaol, in October last, and - who was familiar with Avery, solemnly7 affirms that his spirit ap peared one night, aacl was distinctly seen to walk aroinid one of the tiers, and pull the bedclotliing off a German prisoner who was confined in the eell formerly occu pied by Avery. The German, who is still a prisoner, confirms the stoiy, and rnauv' persons who visited Avery now remember that he made a solemn promise before his death to revisit tho gaol after his execution. The storj7 of his latest appearance seemed to be yvell authenticated, several of the prisoners thoroughly agreeing in their- statement of all the alleged facts. The phenomenon occurred about midnight on Sunday, and there is no doubt that the utmost consternation and alarm prevailed among the prisoners. As is customary in all well-regulated ghost stories, the clock had just ceased striking 12 when a soft, unnatural light fiiied the whole interior of the gaol and awakened ail tlie prisoners. Some of tliern wero terror-slrickcn, and buried tlieir heads beneath the bed- clothing, while others seemed io be paralysed so that they could not move, and were thus compelled to be nnvvilling wit nesses of the supernatural scenes and sounds that followed. ' They7 solemnly aver that they heard' one 0f the windows raised, and felt the cold air rush in. Then the shadowy form of a man, all plainly visible except the legs, seem to glide between the bars and up the' stairs to the top tier of cells. The figure stopped iu front of the cell which" had been occupied by Avery, and opening the door, entered. The opening and closing of the door were, distinctly heard. After the lapse of a few minutes the (figure reappeared, and its footfalls on the- steps as it descended again were distinctly, heard. The figure passed around all the tiers of cells, and then floated down to ihe washroom, and Was heard toiurn 'dn 'the vvater. Finally the ghost returned to' the window and dis appeared as itientered, and the bluish light faded away7. This, is substantially the story as told. hy several of the prisoners, who claim to,, have been eye-witnesses, and express their firm belief that they saw Avery7's ghost."- . New Phase rjn - Journali?!!. — The Mel bourne Herald, contains tbe following:— "Public Notice. — Boi-.g desirous of making this journal a:- . complete aud. interesting a? possible, and vfeoiiug assured that private -persons are often, iu .possession of valuable information quite iuaccessible to ordiuary reporiers, the: proprietors of the Herald have decided to pay liberally; for any authentic news which may bq. supplied to tha paper.'' What descriptions of reports does our con temporary anticipate - getting through such means? ' 