Colonel Feilding's New Zealand Emigration Soheme. The Adelaide Odsercer supplies the following in- teresting particulars of an emigration scheme originated by several benevolent English nohlemen and gentlemen, for the purpose of establishing a settlement in one of the cofonies, for the benefit of poor but hardworking men who have no chance of- securing a competence in the old country. The plan had a commercial aspect, for the necessity was enforced of assisting deserving emigrants without lessening their independence by making them objects of clr.rity. Thus, while it was proposed to render help by way of loan and guid- ance, the settler was expected to repay by degrees i the advances made on his behalf, the Company arranging to share with him the profits derived from the enhanced value of the land on which he'settled. Colonel- Keilding, in the capacity of Managing director of the enterprise, visited the leading British I Colonies in search of a suitable locality forjthe pro- posed settlement, and in the course of his search came to South Australia. Ko advantageous arrange- ment, however, could be come to with the Govern- \ meht ; and after taking a tour of the other J Australian provinces, the Colonel fixed upon ' New Zealand; in which colony the experi- ¡ ment " is now being carried out with an amount of success, judging from recent reports, that promises the fulfilment of the most sungmne expec- tations of its promoters. By an arrangement with the New Zealand Govern- ment, the Company obtained possession in 1873 of a l block of country in the Province of Wellington, ' containing in round numbers 105,000 acres, which was granted to them at los. per acre, upon their un- dertaking to settle upon it 2,000 immigrants within five years. The land, which is B'tuated about 40 miles from the seaboard, consists of rich alluvial soil, perfectly adapted for growing any ordinary agricultural crop, and possesses the advantage of being capitally watered by a river,-and by, several less important streams. Little more than a tenth of the land is open, the rest being for the most part covered with scrub ; but this is by no means a disadvantage, as the ground is not difficult to clear ; while the greater part of the timber is of considerable commercial value. In the two years during which this estate has been in the hands of the Company, tbey have forwa'Aled to it over 900 adult emigrants f rómrtne^mother-country, who send home such satis- factory accounts of their prospects that it has been necessary to disappoint ten times that number of applicants for p.issiges. Townships have been formed, roads and tramways constructed, and other works are. in progress, which, when completed, will afford to every part of the settlement an easy outlet for its products. The result is that chile the enter- prise^ has answered admirably as a means of- helping industrious families to escape from the grinding poverty which would have been their lot in over- crowded- England, it promises to be equally ad- vantageous to the promoters by affording them a good return for the capital they have invested. For every section which the Company allot to a settler, they retain one in their own bands to dispose of to the highest''tenderer; and already the value of land -lias so greatly increased that these sections are selling at from 50s, to ülO per-acre»- The best evidence of the financial success of the [.Corporation is afforded by the fact that its shores are at the present time sought for nt a premium both in England and Kew Zealand, When the terns under which the emigrants are lesated at Feildmg are considered, it is not difficult to understand the popularity which the company's operations have obtained among many of the hard' working close at home. Everything is done for them, that is necessary to enable them to ' make a fair start in their new .field of labour. They are conveyed from their homes in Great Britain to Wellington, absolutely free of ex- pense, upon their giving bonds for a part of the passage money. Upon landing they are met by agents, who provide for their accommodation in comfortable quarters, and make all arrangements foi1 their conveyance to the settlement. Even when thafdestination is reached no outlay is expected from them, but they are supplied at cost price with whatever toole and necessaries they may require, and'the.amount is debited.against therr future earnings.' At the central township the immi grant may select an acre of land, upon which a cot- tage is at once built for him, and which, upon his paying seven shillings per week, becomes his in three years. Work is found for him if he desires it, upon the railways and other public works, and for the education of his children a free schcol is provided. After six months' residence at the township has inured him to, the mode of life in,a new country, and given: him a' little colonial experience, be has * theliberty of selecting from 20 to 100 acres of farm-land 'at a rental of 2s. 6d. per acre, With right of purchase at the end of seven-years ; and if he exercises the right he can give up his town holding, and is only charged a low rental for the time he occupied it. Thus he is treated with the utmost consideration and liberality- at every stage of his connection with the Company; so that under favourable circumstances a man who leaves Eng- land penniless may become in seven ,or eight years the freeholder of a valuable farm.j Thus far the settlers have prospered most satisfactorily. Those who are in the country produce, by cultivation and by lumbering, material for exchange much beyond their own wants. In' the last report it ii stated that a relatively large proportion of the settlers . have paid all 'they owed to the Company, and that the -weekly instalments for the cottage pro-, perties and the rents for the sections come in with exemplary regularity. Thus under this scheme New Zealand has not only disposed of a large amount öf~hmd at a fair price, but is having it per- manently settled' by a peeuli irly eligible class of im- migrants, without the expenditure of a penny from the public revenue. Two Ladies Lost on Mount Tabbangoweb. A correspondent from Maldon writes to the Mount Alesèakder Mail as follows :-" On one of the dark- est riigbts during last week, when the eold was in- tense,'and the rain literally coming down in bucket fuls, two'ladies got lost on Mount Tarrangower, amidst the crevasses and gullies which cross and re cross one another ' in inextricable confusion^ and which are comparatively yet unexplored, in that vicinity. It appears a lady, accompanied by her ser- van^,! bad started away during the day in search of a cow.-which had been missing for some time, and ' after wandering about'here and there, the "shades of night" came on, and to their horror they found, themselves-far from their home, drenched to the' skin, undi minus their boots, which bad .been lost inv a mudhole in trying to extricate their feet. After climbing several hills, and descending steep gullies, to the imminent danger of their lives, they, to their intense" relief, descried a glimmer of light through the gloom and rain, and hastened to the beacon, whieff thfeyf fofind proceeded from a lantern hang to a whim. After getting closer they/were afraid to make themselves known, not knowing what kind of Ëcters were near. The boy at the whim, seeing, imagined, two shadows flitting about on the , called the attention of the min at the brace, ;old the boy to go and see who they were. The latter, probably thinking of ghosts, Indians, or bush rangCT*,' 'declined. The braeeman. then went, and after5hearing their pitiful tale, immediately put them on the right road for home, which they reached without further mishap. Had they wandered about the Mount the whole night, I might bave bad a fai worse story to relate." The Hobart Town Mercury of June l8 says : At half-past one o'clock yesterday afternoon Mr. John Stone, landlord of the Rainbow Inn, New Town, whilst driving ft pig into his yard dropped down dead. For soma considerable time Mr. Stone had suffered from heart disease, to which his sudden death may be attributed. Mr. Stone bad attained an advanced age, and was generally respected. For' the past thirty years he had been a licensed victualler, afid co in- ducted the various public houses he kept, to the istisfaction of everyone. 