Most porsons now-a-dnys know — or aro supposed to know — what wealth is. Tho materials for the study of Iho qucs- tlnii- — if. indood. it needs study— nro abundant; and ovon tho school dfction- nrios.': givbi clear onougli dofinitions. Woaltli, thoy say, consists of ".largo possessions of money, goods, or land." Howoyciy it is possible to get muddlod ovoi" a ' subject. Anthony Mukoiuve, Esq'!, C.M.G., Governor of South Aus tralia, is U16 author of n work just pub-, lishod, cntilled "Studios in Political Economy." It is on extraordinary pro duction. " AVo need go. 110. further than tlio introduction, " says 0110 critic, "to discover tliflt-it'is not u wljo lifts conio: to judgmont." : And this is trim cnoimh. Mr.' Musouave, nftor twonty years of oflieiol life, vovivos Um cvroys of .vliat' has boon called tlio Movcnntilo Tlicory, by which 11101103' — tho monsuro of valuo, nnd tlio medium of oxcluingo —was looked upon as tho solo conslitu- \- _ \ ont of -wbaltlf ; itllotwAtorms-woro con- vortiblbLimonoyl ; boing'- wo'nlth, and ivrialth inonoy. AVo imngiuod that this ghost lmd boon off obtuallylriid,4u theory at least, by Auam Smitr, and his fol lowers ; but Mr. Musouavu, nftor a protrnctod study of tho host nuthoritios, finds that' oconoinisfs' havo"'mndb'" a' sad mistnko. I11 fact, tli03' nro inconsistent, " in first insisting that gold is n com-, modity-liko ' all -othor'':artiolo3-- of -ox- oltango, which, is: quito..tynt),1.tynd thon pvocooding to tfont' nionby Ksnot pro perty at all, but only ,a ciijculatiug lnodiuni;" ' Ho tlion adds f is 'as tliough a cask of sugar- should bo con sidered moroliandisQj/butparcolsof 5lbs. put up at tlio groi o'./s' .troatod as. valuo- 1 less. This ' l-qmnvkablri1' fcotiipnrison, which coiild'nnt woll' ho hoat'on- for 'iil- appropriaton'oss,;- is fqllowod by .a quos- tion oqnnlly curious. Mr.. Musgii.w-i asks: "In what form, if not in silvor and gold, oxists that, onbrinous accumu lated capital, tlio nggr'ognto saving of formor j'oavs, rondy to 1 support labor wlionovor it - is. oxpodiont to. apply it, which Groat Britain is known 'to possess? AVlioro is it to "bo 'found?'" Ilero is tlio roply of 0110 of liis critics : "It is- to "bo found nil ovor tho world, and;soon.all around l>y tlioso who will look for it with 'opon oyes arid orior'cisb common sonso. It consists of tlio bnlancos at tho credit sido ' of indivi.luaL accounts' 'at banks,, in Uiol'mo.iiby of. bills, hold' by" porsons in thoir o wn hands, I iii irivost- ments in istook.-or : shares of ovqry,;do.-. nomiualion, in the -debt duo to -the. pub-' lio b'y . tli'o"Britisliv GoveTnmbiif/un 'tlib debts duo.'tb British subjbets' by. 'Russia,. EraiicoV Goriririuj', Tui-koj', Spain," Pof2 ' tugal, Egypt, in invostmonts in India, tlio colonios, and jji ubnost eyoiy enter prise ; and in .England- in thp, ini proved, soil ' with.' all ,tho.b'uildiiigs. ori tho suf-; face, auil nll its railways-wliothor abovo or bolow ground, with tho stool!: of raw nnd manufacturbd1' goods hold by tho pooploj rind tlio gold and tho silvor and tlio copper nnd tlio bronzo possossod Ly ttio nation, nil 01 which nro constantly welling . forth; returns nioro: - or loss groat, nnd thus forming frosli capital to bo lout out liko that from which it is do- l-ivod. England would ho a poor coun- tiy indeed if lior..nccuiiiulntcd jn-oporty consisted only of gold and silver." Mono3r — and lioro wo roforoxclusivoly to tlio precious mflals used ns a circu lating modium — has a two-fold valuo, tho 0110 intrinsic (that is, it is 'worth so much in tlio arts), tlio othor ropi oson- tat-ivo. I11, 0110 sonso, therefore, it is simply an articlo of morcluindisa, nocps- .sni-y to tlio goldsmith,. tho jowellor, niid otlior artificers, and constituting a- por tion' of tlio woaltli of tlio countiy — though onl3'n portion, sinco, fortunatoty, wo liavo mails' in'dustrial accumulations bosidos gold, silvor, and copper. Iu a convontioiial sonso, howovor, 11101103' om- braces tho wholo of woaltli, but duos not constitute it, excopting in tlio. limitod sonso already Bintdd'j'h'nd lioro it is that Mr. A use have lias 001110 to griof. AI01103', wliilo subserving tho purposes of a circulating 'medium, forms tho measure of valuo, niul is niv essontial part of tlio luncliiiipvj' oi' trade. . ' Mouoy, ' aii3» Nil'. 'Koueiis, " is ossontial to .tlio sub-division of labor and soi'vicos, and tlio organisation of society. Evon, liow-. ovor, if 11101103' woro not a physical object, it would still bo nccessniy as a S3-mbol or calculus. AVo nood somo common mcasuro of value, as wo nood measures of longlh arid capacity; and wo nro told of nations who liavo 110 11101103', proporl3' so callod, but who linvo boon constrained to iuvont a fictitious moasuro in ordor to oxpross values. This machinery — t his moasuro of value — lias boon mistaken by Air. AIusgiiave for wealth itsnlf, tho solo and only object of production. It is ovidout, nevertheless,' tliat jnono3' : ii only a moans towards an end — not tlio ond itself. ' Tlio functions of monoyin tho act of oxcliango proseut a closo an-; nlogy to tho .functions of languago iu . relation to thought. 'As tlioro may' bo a rudo bnrlor,' ; so tlioro ; may bo a rudo langungo of signs ; but, thorp is, -no trao 1 communication, of thought .oxoopt by articulato spoobh ; "arid' similar' tlioro can bo .110 real arid offoctuiil triidp ox- copt liy tho uso of a . common monsuro.' in 1110 stuuies ' rojoiTou to, tno moasiiro ' is taken ;for' tlio thing 1110a- surod, just as if Afr.- AfusGitAVE had called for1 a yard of cili'co, aiid had walkod- off with tho moasuring rod. "To quoto Adam Smith's illustration, 'to. mistnko 11101103' for wealth is tho samo sort of orror as to mistake tho higliwa3' which 111,13' bo thooasiost way of getting to 3ouv houso or' lands for thp liouso and lands thouiselvos. The quostioii has a practical ns woll ns a tlioorotical honring, otliorwiso it would scarcol3' ho worth noticing in a public journal. It is woll kuoivn, how ovor, tli ntm 1113- political blunders linvo boon oommittod tlirough mistaking tho means for tlio end in nionotnvy affairs. Adam Smith, in bis "AVonltli of Na tions," exposed tlxo ftillaoy, mid sinco liis day tho Alorcantilo System has boon frequently demolished — to rise, phomix-like, in a Southern climo. Ono writer, referring to past cruditios in tliooiy and practice, 813-8 that ' tho not of hoarding, whicli no roasonablo ti-ador would praetiso for liimsolf; was lipid, to bo tlio groatost wisdom, in tlio eomriibrco1 of tho Stato. llonco, .statesmen strovo to. oncourngo oxpovts, in order' to inci-opso tlio mono3' of tlio countiy, whilo imports— oxcopt- iiig in n few isolated ensos,; which onl3' proved tho rulo — woro discouraged, ;bo- causo.thoy diuiinislicd capital, us it was imiigincvl. This led tp tlio adoption of protoctivp tariffs, and ; to a .policy at onco selfish and blind. John Stuart A1 ir.i, draws n snd pictnvo of tho ovil ro- sults which nroso from mistakon notions about 11101103' . "Any branch of trade which wns supposed tu send out more money than it brought in, howovor auiplo nnd viiluahlo might bo tlio re turns in another slmpo, was looked upon its K hniiiig trade. Exportation of goods : was favored and encouraged, because tlio exported goods, being stipulated to bo paid for in uionoy, u was hoped that tho returns would actually. In- mado in gold and silver. - Importation of anything, othor than tlio precious metals, was regarded ns n loss to tho nation of tlio ivholo piico of tho tilings imported— unless thoy woro brought in to lio ro-cxportcd nt a profit, or unless, being tlio lnntcrinls or iuslruniouls of somo industry practised In tho 'country dtsolf, thoy gnvo tho powor of producing qxportablp articles nt' siniiUor cost, and thorohy offcoting a larger oxjiorbntipu... Tlio ..cominerco of. tho world wns lookod upon as a strngglo among' nations, which ooiild draw to itself tlio lnrgost share of the gold and silvor in cxistonno; und in tills competition no nation could gitin nny- =tliing oxocpt' by mnking'otliors loso ns'inttch," or, lit tlio least, preventing them., from, gain ing it." i ' I , V _ Alljhiffhas pur.fiayp. '-Y'at 'riiiyTii'to m couiitrios wlioro tho Itiisscr-fairt! ofi&irifiTftoPforo;'dco-Ijii'niciplo qirovnils. Imports nro oncouraged, whilo oxports aro allowed to find a markotfor thomsolvos, nnd a vast accumulation of woaltli — not l-ostriotod, by tho way, to moro bullion — has boon tlio l-osult. In Australia — to say nothing.of tho Unitod States of Amotion, which hnvo triod all sorts qof- prpbloins: — tho. old 'jprqtootiYQ. pplioyjidins/'boori i-ovivod,, vfitlu oyory. dolotorious rosults. Victoria is tho ohiof offondor lioro. Sho bolsters up hor trndo and commorco by artificial moans, but finds, liko. De Quinoy, tlio Englisli opium-oator, tliat tho stimulat ing dozo requires to bo stoadily and ovor- lastingly inoroasod. If not — oonsti- tutod as sho is — hor cnorgios would flag, and slio would sink to a second or tliird-rato colony. -Tho fact is, slio has ndoptod a falso sy'stom, but convorsion to tlio prin ciples of froo-tradp;; is n slow qn- ocoss, ami so, though slio lias niniiy oiilightonod citizous, slio grows 110 wiser. Coming evonls may cast thoir shadows boforo, 'but sho pay's 110 hood. to. tliom ; whilo to tho thunders of tho press sho turns a doaf oar. Tho Ariotorian Aliuistry hnvo 1-cB'guod, nnd a rocont tologrnm states thjit ,tho .Opposition proiniso to support any Ministry wit-h ri. ' policy omhodying a protective tariff. Tlio colony is not yot ready for tlio blossings of froo- trndo. Monnwhilo, wo cannot watch tlio strngglo too olosoty, for tlioro wo find principles nnd systems brought to tho tost of oxporience,. and .hnvo < nil oppor tunity of iioiiiig tiioir offcc'ts. 