LITERATURE. THE POET LAUREATE AS A DRAMATIST.* It seems to have been lie ambition of Mr. JmnjiOD to continue the series of historical dramas which Shakspeare brought do wn to tie reign of Henry VIIL, and conceded with ft> well-known benediction of the Princess filizabeth by Archbishop Cranmer. Before venturing upon this arduous undertaking, it . jg evident that the laureate made a careful of the Elizabethan dramatists so as to Mtoxato his mind with the poetical spirit of flie period, to familiarise himself with their diction, and to qualify himself to survey the events of the Marian reign from a similar out* look to their own. And the result is a drama caatinthemouldofShakEpeare, Marlowe, Maa sinjter, and Chapman. The theme selected is « painful one-painful almost to repulsive nrfT You may foel an interest in the incidents of this evil woman's reign, but she is incap able of figapng your. Bympathiea. She frflpmpi to a type of female character which has been common enough in France, Spain, and Italy, but of which, fortunately, there have been few conspicuous illustrations in England. Posterity has generally concurred in John Foxe's estimate of her, that" to a disagreeable person and weak mind she bigotry, superstition, and cruelty," and nothing-will e¥er succeed in cleansing ber memory from the blood-Btains inflicted it by frpr authorising the burning alive of 2g4 of her subjects, on account of their religious beliefs. That her marriage with Philip of "Spain was one of affection then can be no reasonable doubt, he tequited her gift of herself and her ctowato Mm, tar indifference if not aversion. Byourcountrymen he was cordially de tested, and with good cause. Apart from *»* was a foreigner and a Roman «hiA were serious blemishes in tito >^e6 6f Englishmen in those days, he ^1 II .unscrupulous a villain as ever drew down the execrations of a theatrical audience at fhe 'performance of a blood-and-thnnder gariedtssoa. - After the death of Mary, he the hand of Queen Elizabeth. In flwtj as the elder Disraeli has observed, " In appeaa to have bad in his eyes pe for ho offered himself three to thww different sisters-in-law. He Mean *1,w to have known the secret of getting quit of bis wives when they became inconvenient In state matters he spared no on* whom be feared. To them he his tmly son, bis brother, and a gtcrt ti"fpby princes and Ministers.'' - Theee two-female fanatic and profligate ptnue-axe the central personages of the poet laureate's drama. Of both he takes the and Protestant-we might almost add the fihakspeatian-view. We axe not quite sore, indeed, that the composition of die work has not been guided by reasons and convictions analogous to those which have t|T^T|*«fi itr. in his trenchant assaults on Vaticanism. Certain it is that tbe<ftaapterof Cranmer ia made to stand ont in height and beautiful relief, while BetiAtd, Gardiner, and Bonner are pre to the reader in all their native and deformity. Whenever Papal ?lijuifiirinn is the theme of his nervous TOM, Mr. Tennyson writes with a fervour nj^n to that which glows in the well-known and defiance of King John. |g a passage from the third act of "Queen Maty," in which Sir Ralph Bagenhall protests with vehement indignation against the restoration of the realm to the "bosom and unity of Universal Church We «trore agalnaC the P»p»cy from th« flr*t. In William's tine, ia our fin* Edmrd'n time, And in my matter Henry"* time; but now Ttoonttyof Unlvarad Cbofeb. would ktn it; and tbia Gardiner follows; atw aatty o* Univenal Belt, ?i fkUtaxwmld have It; and this Qudiner follows! ; fi nuilMiimil of imitative apes! l empbstbe gw>whichG«rdlner take*, who not Bellrwa the Pop®, nor any of them belisre " pteMj^nnian) English of the tiaa, The whole tone of the drama is distinctly pqlralcal, &nd; whenever it is put upon the stage-as it is to be, at the Lyceum-its anti Papalspirit can scarcely fail to arouse that P^testant feeling which is so strong in the mind* of the middle and working classes of yt»4 period embraced by the action of the Imfo* Is that covered by the short ireign of ilj*y,r-between October, 1663, and Novem »nd the succession of incidents is Kid the opportunities tor spec. display in the mounting of the piece aieaonumerooa, while vthe dialogues are so that we are disposed to augur for it a pronounced SUOOMI as an aiding play. Tjflpjo his Elizabethan models, Mr. Tenny .oshMhotbeen nnmindful of the comic rlssWiftt' anlin the colloquy between Tib mil Jninj fa Hit fourth act, the reader will the same rough rustic humour yOST*!* exhibited in th» "Northern g^gmer*," but withacharacteristic difference Joan's description of the death of ?ri| .ptr*r was probably suggested by Dame Onkflriy's nmx^ive of that of Sir John Vat 4ta2Ti-»-Tell *M now, I heerd aumtnat as tetfM imnunun o* owldBUhop Gar. 0B& ; then war an owld lord a-cum liojlto wnr so owld a couldn't F^gehis dinner, Jmt a had to bide how «£.'**'t wunt dine,' says my lord. Ifc*, 'not till X heats ezliitimer b* a-Tfce;'«dio they bided on kvttr o' the dock, till his man'] lyjAdteUsunezthe vii* r,' says the bishop, eeys ? and the owld , ,_J,<aodNe«iun; :4ownlike by the cum a-lolluping.out. o* *is mouth as black as ; ant ThicktheLord.therevore." It Ib interesting to trace throughout th« drama the evidences of Its author's careful study of and dose adherence to both the method and the expression ofShakspeare. Thns In the lino " Qafr-off, betray'd, detained, divorced, forlorn r we have. an echo of the exclamation of King John when Www in articub mortis " Poleon'd,-ill fare.;-dead, forsook, CUt-oS." In Gardiner's soliloquy MI bate lodt nine ofltae, "It may be tbrotjghlniiie honeaty, like 4 fool," there is a near relationship to Iago's re joinder to Othello r- - ? «' I should be wise, tor honest^a a fool, And loiH that It mttt for." Cardinal Pole's description of the procession by water' to Whitehall reads like a reminis cence of the gorgeous passage in " Anthony and Cleopatra," where Enobarbus relates the meeting of the royal lows on the Cydnus; and the following words of the Princess Elisabeth HI would I were a milkmaid. Toeing, love, many, churn, brew, bake, and die, Then-hare my simple headetoae by tbe church, And all thing* lived Hail ended hooeetly," . owe their snggestioa, itmaybe well believed to the well-known words of Henry the Sixth. ' *. O Ood! metlunfcsit were a happy life To be ho better than a homely twain; To altupon a hill aa I do now, . To carve out deal* quaintly point by point. 80 mlnntea, hours, days, months, and yean, Pasa'd over to the end they ware created, Would bring white haim unto a qaiefc grave." In point of construction, and for stage purposes, " Queen Mary" is superior to the dramas of Byron and Browning. Mr. Teimy. son seems to have imposed a severe reetr&fnt; upon the temptation which he mart have felt to subordinate dramatic interest to poetic beauty. He has iepcessed the natural luxuriance of his fancy, and has been very sparing of tropes and metaphors and Imagery generally. It is only at tare intervals we alight upon passages like the following " Pretty maidea, ycm ahould know that whether A wind be warm, or oold, It aet rua to fan A kindled llrt." . " Thia land fa like a hill of fit*. One crater opeue when another «hja* Third Member.-" They aay that beeC If any creeping life Invade their blre Too crom to be throat oat, win bnfld bin ronnd, And bind him Inlrom harmln* o( their oomba. And Philip by theM article* ia bound From sttrriDg band or foot to wrong the realm." Seoond Member. - "By boada at beeswax, tike jour« ' "** But"y^ w£etl£ilia<{ifang him flist to death." Cardinal PoJ*.-* I hare seen A pine In Italy that caat ita abadow Athwart the oataract. Finn stood the ptae The cataract ahaotr fha ahariow. lb my mind, The cataract typed tbe headlong phwge and fall Of heresy to the fit-the ptae wa« Borne." Like his mater, Shakspeare, He. Tennyson developee the character cl the personages he brings npon the scene by the dialogue. Each utters himself in words; and a reader igno rant of Vfntfb* history would obtdn from this drama as accurate an idea of Philip and Mary, of Cnouner and Gardiner, of Renard and Koaflles, as he could do, perhaps, by a laboriousstudyof Froude. Brett that "but terfly" the EuA of Devon flutters across the scene, "in his habit as he lived." There Is no stilt-walking, nor turgid talking either. The influence of Shakspeare'e example is visible In the monosyllabic strnctnre of the verse. Its strength lias in its simplicity. There are many passages like the following, in which less than ten per oent. of the words employed consist of dissyllables "You've a bold heart ;keep It so. He cannot touch yon save thatyoa turn traitor; Andao take heed tpniyyou. Too are one Who Jove that map ahould amlle.uponyon, niece.' They'd pnAle y<m into tremii jwiMi ctthem." The character of Queen lijuy ia that upon which the dramatist has bestowed tho greatest puns. Its evil etrengi& and morbid weakness, its stem fanaticism and pool vindictiveness, ita craft and cruelty, an vividly displayed. Her infatuated passion for the miserable bigot who neglected and despised her, isbrought oat in prominent relief; and you cannot help feeling what vast powers for miscfeief were fortunately suppressed byher comparatively early destti.. When she ja first brought upon the noene,1 her purpose of mailing PhiHpia declared in words of wilfulness, befitting the daughter of Henry Tudor and of Catherine of Armgon:.-~ ' . " I will have him ! Hy hard father hated me; My brother nithec hated ma than loved; My Bister arwuaai hateama.' BMyflinln, Plead arith4hy b)aMadaaB ; |Wtta« my prayer; OlvemamynUip :aad we two wUl lead : Tbe liftoff iotas ft lb» fUth again ' Back through their widow'd channel ber«L and watch TfaepartfftmktnUwtnMnevMaf cW. To beaTen,aofl ktodlwrt with tba palmaofOhriitt" In jthe tbirji a<& _ tberf m*. fine bant of passionate declamation from the Onsen, when hto lmtffa^ hiw coufeen^d^ to co operate with thf CetyUnal Legito lind the net Jn Misting (^aamer aad "the faeietio swine" fromlambethPalaoe; ind whlnshe believes that eihe wiH give an iteir to throne:-, . » fie bath awaked! be bath «ntodf He atim witblattedarkneMi . Oh,Ph!Upt huab»ni! now thy tore to mina Will xlim niflra.flioaa. andJiuiM bleak manneni Thatmake me rt»mad ^ tengo»tfedlnmy love. Tbe light d'tfala new leamlng wanes aad dies,' The ghoataot lather and Zulntllintaaa 'Into the d^athlaai bell wbtah ia thetrwom, BdUnatystar! Bla soeptn abaU go forth tram lad to fnd I Hla awowl shall bawtteliwittepacyles down I : BfaiUthahallfllottietbewaSd(oat«r)llb*h)s like mdvenalatraad sonaUna I ' Open. tgiibaeit Ta«*eifasttnggatas! IbaKiacii&eMf; Myatarl mysonl* f nd in th e last act, wfasn tiie sotcredand. disappointed woman, dre{4iiut ti^toogall ^ assassins in the closets and wcridenof hw palaoe, consdous of Ihe potni^ tiatated, ind litmck to t3u> heart by the news of the Si of Oaltts, Hub* like a bunted ^IcrAaha in biatfi, the olA fuiy spirit of the Todars teacn op within her, and ahe ex^aima y . "it is not tost- .. -.>t i ieeasafsStiRir tsaUaodgua tMiraakb^atooal , JoH-tnj" mind te the Council-to the Parliament: Pro&alih; it to the winds. Thou art <wld tbyissiH . To babble of their ootdneML 0, would I were Hy father tor an hour!" The fifth Act is undoubtedly the beat in the drama. Its action is fall of vitality. The incidents bare a rapid movement, and the language of the characters is all aglow. Mary's career does not olose in penitence ted peaoe. She is fanatical to the last. Like her father-in-law, the only compunctious visiting! feels are those which arise from the fear that the butcheries she has perpe trated have been too few; and hence, tpbn her deathbed, Wore her mind begins to wander, her ejaculations are "OGodl I bare beta too slack, too slack; _j There are .hot gospellers even amoiig oar guards Nobles wb dared not touch. W« have but burnt The heretic prleet. wortanon, and women and ohlldwn. wet, famine, ague, fever, storm, wrsor, wrath, We have bo played the coward; but by God s graoe We'll followPhlUp'a leading, and set up The Holy Office here-earner the wheat. Ami bum the tiros with uDquonobibu fir©* , If there was any milk of human kindness in her nature it had tamed to gall-any teach' of womanly tenderness, it had been trans formed to otter ferocity. Accepting .tliej popular tradition respecting her dying words;-. Mr. Tennyson causes her to say:- > " Women, when I am dead, Open my heart, and there you will find written Two names-Philip and Calais. Open his, So that he have one, Ton will find Philip only, policy, policy Ay, worse than that-not one hour true to me! ; Sloiul maggots crawling in a fester'd viae ! Adulterous to the very heart at hell. Hast thou a knl/e ?' Her tire-women hesitate to give her one, conjecturing that she will kill herself, bat' she quiets their fears. She only-wants the weapon for die purpose of catting from its frame a picture of her husband which hangs above her bed. ** This Philip (she says) shall not ; Stasia upon me in my faaggwbw; <OjM^ QImiU6I disMftdt Incapable of children-come thou down." And so she cuts the canvas out and oasts it to the ground. This is the last act of her life, and as narrated in the drama, it suggests the motif of a picture worthy to companion that which a great French punter has given us of the death of Qaeen Elizabeth. Aa dramatic poem, "Qaeen Maiy"is dis appointing on the first perusal. Bat when going, through -it for the second time, yoa become more alive to its ingenious construc tion as a work of art, to the studious sipa-! pttrftr of the plan wrought out, to the strength and sobriety of its pure Saxon English, and to the thoroughly Elizabethan cast of thought and sentiment by which it is characterised. As an acting drama, we should think the use of the pruning lmif* will scareely be required. The longest speech is only 80 lines, or about equivalent to the length of the Ghost's recital in " Hamlet,? and all is movement and variety from beginning to end; while in the hands of an actress like Madame Bis tori the pot of Mary Tudor could be rendered exceedingly impressive. 