ITALY. _ P.ROTRSTANT FAILURES IN ROME. L«u wou-iinown apostate Gavaazi estab lished a pkco of worship some months ago near the Church of St. Maria in Montieelli His eongrpgaljon, disgusted with his dia tribes, grew gradually less and less. A franc was promised to everyone who would attend once. Even tins failed to keep the followers oHxavasm regular in their attendance at his ministrations Finally, the attendance be came so reduced thaf: fl™n th* +1,,-^.,^ witted felfc xt was time to close the concern. At the pi.eSent time a card upon the door tolls the curious that the so-called evangelical temple is to be let. The Catholics reftiied to bo converted, and Gavazzi gave in. A n- othor failure is found in the refusal of the Italian Ministry to permit Protestant preachers or persons free admission to the prisons. This request was put forward with with persistency, but it has been repulsed and very naturally, as the inmates of the prisons are, or were brought up as Catholics, and should have a Catholic priest to visit them, not a Protestant preacher to take ad vantage of their helpless condition. GAKTBALDr IN PARIrAMENT. Massimo D'Azelglio said thafc ' Garibaldi had the head of a buffalo and the heart of a lion. Ileis now old and lame, and his lion like. qualities have but little scope; but he proves himself buffalo- headed still. He went to the Chamber last Monday, when a great debate was expected on the illegal im prisonment of the men who assembled at the Villa llufh. H'e took the oath of allegiance to the Xing and Government amid the ap plause of the whole Chamber, ministers and all, and his speech consisted of the words ' I swear ? Tie voted against tho Govern ment, but spoke no more. His followers are beginning to tire him, and they say he only took the oath to save appearances, but that he has no intention of keeping it— an exce lent compliment to his honesty. THE INTEBVIEW OF VTOTOB EMMANUEL AND G-AKII5ALDI. baturday morning at half-past 1 General Medici, ^ aide-de-camp of the King, and ex officer in Garibaldi's army, called to tell Garibaldi that the King would see him. The General immediately departed for the Quiri nal with his son Menotii. All the officers on guard saluted him as he entered. He wore ^ the usual red shirt, striped mantle, smoking cap, and grey pantaloons. The cing shook his hand very warmly and brought him to a chair ; he insisted that Garibaldi should not taice off his nn,r-. Tim nnam\aa_ according to official documents— behaved like old friends. For twenty minutes he of Savoy stood up conversing with the old man of Nice who had won a crown and a kingdom for a Savoyard. They were alone. What may have been spoken of is not all known ; but it is certain that Garibaldi said he did not come toitome to create disturbance in polities nor to put difficulties in the way of the gov ernment. He exposed his wants. He de sires to see the Itoman Campagna more cul vatod ; he wants the Tiber turned out of its course ; and he desires attention to be paid to the Italian navy. The king accompanied him. to the door, shook hands with him again and looked at him as if he would say, we both understand each other. The hero was then rried down stairs, amidst the .salutes of all tho officers assembled, broTightto his carriage aim flnvc-,1 ijomo, This is Trorm-wood ami gall to Lis followers. NUNS SUPFEttTNa FROM HIWGBB. Ihe OssemaiM Romano, of February 1G speaks of three convents -in Eome, /hose nuns are now m want of food. Of one con I vent it says : « The sisters now remaTn del tilute ot everything, even in nwinin, ~e necessity. In the case of another convent it quotes a passage from a letter written bv one of the nuns, who says : « Take compas sion on the unhappy situation to which this religious family is reduced, being brought to such misery through the scantiness of tho pensions assigned to us, and through the clearness of provisions, as to be obliged to be° for oroken bread. * THE ENCYCLICAL TO THE PBUSSIAN BISHOPS. ~fi ?T^f ^ ;?ncyclical written on the oth of February to the Prussian Bishops, has been published in the Boman papei^ L this letter the Pope remarks that the recent pected after the Concordat of 1821, which was so favourable to Catholicity. But to peace and calm has succeeded storm and tempest, for the recent laws injuriously affect clergy and laity; and even completely dis organize the Divine constitution of the Church, and destroy the sacred rights of f.lm JJisnops. The .Pope dwells upon the depri vation of the Bishops of Posen- Gneseu and Paderborn, and describes the admirable be haviour of those prelates as ' a splendid ox amp je of virtue and a subject of edification for the entire CJiurch.' The Pope then passes condensation upon the anti-Catholic laws. We publicly decare by ' this Encyclical to a I parties concerned, and to the Catholic world, that these laws are null and void in asmuch as they are contrary to the divine constitution of the Church. Fov the Lord did not place the bishops of His Church under the jurisdiction of earthly potentates in matters concerning His holy worshm but under that of St. Pete?, to whonl He eXsS , His lambs and His sheep. Therefore no tem poral power, _ however elevated, has the right to deprive of their episcopal dignity those who have been nutfe administrators of the Church by the Holy Ghost. The Pope declares that all who usurp any ecclesiastical mission arejmbjecfc by virtue of the canons to the greater excommunication.' He ex horts the faithful not to assist at Mass cele brated by such usurpers, not to receive sacraments from them, and not to associate with them.— London Tablet. 