If there is one subject of more importance to the eolouy at the present time than another it is that of Mining on Private Property. We are incessantly told mat Victoria is decreasing in wealth, that that which was the dooinant industry of the colony is going headloug to perdition, and yet, as our readers are aware, government after government have per- sistently neglected this essential to the well being of gold mining, or have mocked the miners by such ghosts of measures as the veriest new chums might be ashamed of. Members professing to represent the gold fields, a:id who have at their finger's endB all sorts ameliorating the condition of the miner, have joined ministries, and great things have been hoped and prophesied, but the hope has beea of that deferred nature which maketh sick the heart, and the prophecies have been fruitless. Especially does this subjeet touch this district. Our readers are aw*re of how gold mining has languished here of late, bat they must be also aware of the fact that there are large tracts of laud in the immediate vicinity, which are known to be highly auriferous, but which are practically locked up from the pick of the miner. It is not alone upon the ground of local requirements however, that we would insist upon the positive necessity which exists for this important measure to be speedily dealt with, they are small compared with the. vast injury which has been inflicted upon the colony by the apathy and supineness which have distinguished those into whose hands the care of its prosperity was committed. Almost the entire gold dining interest has been crippled because of this, and because of other neglect, if not positive oppression which has been exhibited towards the miner. Those Governments which were ready to proceed with practical legislation and to remove obstacles from progress, have been debarred from doing so. bvthedisreputabletacticsof office-seekers and others, whose interest apparently lay rather in the retardment than in the advancement of public business. We are glad to see that Mr Berry, in his speech at Watrnambool the other night, fully recognised the fact; for, speaking of the laud tax which was proposed to be introduced by the Ministry of which he was the head, he declared that a Mining on Private Property Act must hare necessarily followed that measure, in order that employment might be given to the people. Mr Berrv declared that avenues of em- ployment must be found for the many who were unsuccessfully seeking it. Mining on private property must become the law of the land, and that reform must begin whilst gold miners remained in the colony, aud not delayed until the miners were almost exterminated. Returns recently published show that since 187114,000 less miners were employed, and Mr Berry very truly observed that if miners became a thing; of the past, with lands in the hands of leviathan owners, people would be at their mercy, and wages would be reduced to whatever standard the land-owners liked. Bemarks such as these were straightforward and statesmanlike, and we doubt not but that if the Berry Administration had remained in office due heed would have been immediately paid to this all important subject. It does not appear that their successors are about to turn any particular attention in that direction, albeit that the M'Culloch Cabinet contains the names of several gold- fields' members, who might be supposed to be ready to insist upon a measure of such extraordinary utility being forthwith carried. But Mr Jones, who is the member for Ballarat, has had the effrontery to inform his constituents that the Mining on Private Property Bill to be introduced is that which was attempted to be passed into law under the auspices of the Minister of Mines of the Kerferd Administration, which received so thorough a condemnation. Mr M'Lellanisto re-introduce it, supposing the new agglomeration of political particles ever get so far in "their policy." and we have to thank our contemporary the Age for recalling the erect words which were used by Mr M'Lellan in reference to this precious piece of legislation. The extract is from Mansard: —"I admire the simplicity of the honorable gentlemen who think they can palm » measure of this sort upon " the mining populationof this countiy. "The bill contains no principles-of " equity. Such a proposal as it con- " tains was never submitted to sny " Parliament in the łrórld liefore. It " would not be tolerated if the parties " affected by it were property repre- " seated in ihis HoiiBe. The bill really prevents i^i^bpprivate'p^periy." Surely, aever ^"was a grfeater piece of political profligacy kndwn"%han for Mr M'Lellan tofatherthe bill afterhaving condemned it in the most sweeping words he could have uttered concernit Mr Berry alluded to Sir JamBs M'Culloch the other day as " Brum- " magem" politician, and of course the Ministerial Press has been howling at the exceeding indelicacy of the appellai tion, one oigan which objects to the expression comparing JMr Bpny to a Billingsgate fish fag, »nd another to a coatermonger;. While another,- .which was most shocked of all, had to iall back upon its limitedefcockof painfully acquired prrf>reri»_ and declared that there was no making qi alk purse cut of a Bow*B ear; At tfae mk~of Bhamig jf these choice epithets, we most viUingly would re-echo Mr Berry, and alute to the $ ceeeufrCahiuet as composed ^emo^roughgoiagBrummagem pdliticiaus that -could possibly oe selected—'from the Minister of Mines down to the Premier and Treasurer. The very -ohamelessness with which they abstracted such portions of the policy of their predecessors as they felt convinced might meet with public public favour is excelled by the cool proposal to reintroduce a measure which has been rejected by the House, and which eeoured the unswerving condemnation' of-'every goldfields' journal ic the colony which, had. an opinion of its own on such a matter! At the meeting of the Hospital Committee held on Wednesday, and reported in our last issue, a statement was made, it will be remembered, 'on the authority of the Argus, to the effect that the Baptist Church, Kyneton, Ład contributed £11 to the Hospital Sunday movement in Melbourne. Some doubt was expressed -that this «ould have been the case, seeing that tire church authorities had declined to take part in the movement for very sufficient. reasons which were given, and the secretary was instructed to write and enquire into the matter. • That will be unnecessary noiv, for we notice in a supplementary list published in the Argus of Thursday last the following—"Baptist Churrih, Kyneton, should bavebeen Baptist Church, Bacchus Marsh, £11-" Our Woodend correspondent writes »—On- Vfednesday last^^greafc-tre^was given to-the children attending the State schools of Woodend, Springfield, and Newham, an excursion to the Exhibition having been organised by the ' masters of those schools. . The children, to the number of about 200, viz., Woodend, 110; Sjiringfield, aboat 40} aad Newham, 50; were conveyed to town by the morning train, the Railway Department having with great liberality, agreed to charge only Is Od each for return tickets, the teachers, of whom there were several, paying 3s. They were admitted to the Exhibition for the small sum of 3d. each, and seemed thoroughly to enjoy the wonders they saw ; tire boys were most pleased with the machinery department, particularly the cloth weaving, and the girls with the different specimens of fancy work, crotchet, knitting, wax and wool flowers, skeleton leaves, <fcc. ; and all with the Japanese department, and with the solos on the organ by Mr Hiil, (the harmonium being the instrument in onr district). After having seen all the Exhibition afforded, they were taken to the Yarra, and went over the New Zealand steamers, &c.;, this afforded them mtx-i pleasure, as many of them had never seen a vessel before,' nor -indeed, been in Melbourne. The large crane and dredging, apparatus also pleased them. They returned by the evening mail train, much pleased -with their excursion, the ride home being enlivened with singing " God save the Queen" as a finale. Altogether the impression produced upon the minds of the children by what they saw, is likely to be both lasting and beneficial, and much credit is due to the. masters of the schools, Messrs. Jenkins, Muntz, and Gibbs, fpr having projected, and so successfully carried out such a treat for their pupils. The Age says Mr Reginald Grean, who, it will be remembered,- was reinstated in > the police force by the Berry Administration, in accordance with the decision of a select committee of Parliament, returned to active duty yesterday after five years' absence. A good deal of surprise has been expressed among both men and officers that Mr Green, who will be appointed to the first superintendentship vacant, should have been directed to report himself to a junior inspector in the Carlton division, as it was understood that he should be sta- tioned at Wangaratta, or in some other countiy district where his long experience in country work would make him an fait at the business. His induction into city duty would seem to be to waste a good officer, though it may give him experience which may be of use to him-at some future day. The usual monthly fair was held at the Shire Yards on Thursday last. The attendance of buyers was large, and a considerable amount of stock changed hands. The following are the entries in the various classes of stock with the Amount of dues received :—Horses 56, £2 16s ; cattle 445, £11 2s 6d; calves 105, £1 6s 3d; sheep 475, £1 9s 9d ; pigs 66, 17s ; total amount of dues received, £17 lis {id. On 28th October 2074 sheep were entered, on which dues to the amount of £5 lis 5d were received. ., The other night as a well known resident of Kyneton was enjoying a <juiet read before a fire of blazing logs, his attention was attracted by a -peculiar rustling sound in the room, aud on leisurely turning his eyes from his volume, he was horrified to perceive a snake, endeavoring to get through the fire. screen. As soon as the gentleman in question became cool enough to act, he did so to some effect, and soon killed the reptile. In all probability it had been brought in with the wood. People at this season cannot be too careful in handling.logs or'in -walking in : the bush, for the season promises to be a prolific one. We have recently ^published accounts of some very satisfactory applications of Mr Halford's remedy in cases of snake bite. In yesterday's Argus Mr Halford writes: —" "Will you allow me to call the attention of those persons living in the countiy and having .injection syringes to the necessity of renewing the supply of ammonia from time to time—say at the commencement of the season, and again about the end of January, the reason forthis being that the volatile ammonia escapes so readily, leaving only a very weak solution behind.—1 am, &C-;, Geohge B. Hałfołd. . . -The AFlvor Time* says :—Our local cricketers will play their first maich of the season on the Heathcote . cricket ground on Tuesday next, the Prince of Wales' birthday, their opponents to he an eleven from Kyneton. Unfortunately for the Heathcote players, their team will be considerably weaker than the one they were able to bring into the fiddiast ieason, they haviąg rtnee that tine lost several of fiieir men." 'AH avalbMe forcej howeyeTj vrill be mustered on the occasion, and.a good day's sport maybe looked forwawl to. .. A company has been formed in Laun-' ceston to import s£aIlions for the improve-" meat of draught and road stock, in Tasmania. ' The nominal capital is £3,000, Another breach .of promise case occupied : the attention of Mr Justice .Baby and a special jury of four, in th.e ^Supreme Court on Thursday- The plaintiff was la woman of 36 years o£ age, who had lived as a domestic servant with ,the defendant, Heariy Oliver Haikness, on his farm, at Melton, andhid borne him two children. ' She had. been married twice, and the defendant,~<bb aUegeij promised her marriage, and put the^rbiniSe down in writing.' -The paińrfity-of the children e.nd thie ; jpromiBe wen not disputed; but it was alleged thiit Hartaesa refused to yany out his contract because the plawtiff faiied fo convince him /thatherseoondhusbwd Was dlead. While in the witness4K>x the woman *ep)i her willingne8p«:t0 nurry Haj _ instanter, but the offer was declined. Th^ jury,ofto^deliherating tor&duaiter; of«a Dir Geary, district coroner, hw^au,inquest on Thursday upon : the feody^f alii old man named Joseph Hunt, wiol died; D very suddenly at Langley, at the residence of his employer, Mr Shattock. It appeared , r from the eridence'-addncedthftfrShmthiAbeen in delicate health for a long time past, m and had been spitting blood rather profusely of late. On Wednesday be raised about a pint of this matter. Every kindness was shown to Mm, and on Wednesday night the son of his employer stayed up with him until near 12 o'clock, when he fell asleep. On Thursday rooming he was found to be dead. - Dr PesteU stated that death had ensued consequent "upon congestion of the lungs and old age. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence. A very pleasant reunion in connection with the Kyneton Football Club and their friends took place at the Albion Hotel on Thursday night. A capital dinner was provided, and conviviality was the order of the evening, some capital songs being The Woodend fancy ball took-place on Thursday evening'at Coop's Commercial EotóL Owjng probably to the (exceedingly impropitioiis ;Sate of the weather we learn that the attendance was not so large as ea former occasions,but the affair proved very The following team from the Kyneton District Cricket Club, has been selected to play against Bidders Creek on Tuesday, the 9th insL Messrs. Armstrong J., Arm strong.T., Bossence, Chapman, Cock E. Manton, MHwraith, Norman, Snoad, Tempi®, Windridge. Emergencies—Pedlów, KEuoch, Carter, they are requested to meet at the railway station in time for the early train. ' .. _ We learn with much satisfaction that the Board of Directors of the Itonstone Hill (J.M.C. have voted a sum of £50 as: a donation to the widow of the late Henry Lyall who met with his death in that claim recently. A sporting correspondent sends us Bich mond as an unerring '' tip" for the Derby. Our readers are at perfect liberty to back his advice if tliey choose ; but Maid of All! Work is looked upon as a very dangeroiu opponent and probably the race will lie between the pair of cracks. The CtowM Advertiser says that Alfred Arthur O'Connor, formerly M.Ł.A., has married Madame Sibly, the electro-biologist. We are requested to call attention to, the Metcalfesliire Monthly Fair which will take place on Wednesday next. In giving the list of lady subscribers to St. Paul's Church annual tea meeting, the name of Mrs Chalmers was inadvertently omitted in our last issue. We mentioned how admirably a " Caprice Hongroise was played as a pianoforte duett, but we omitted to state that the performers were Mrs Ćhahners and Mr Ernest King. We have been requested to call attention to the sale of groceries, ironmongery, drapery, &c.;, to be conducted by Sir J.' H. K Buscombe, on Thursday next, at the Mechanics' Institute. Particulars appear in our advertising columns. A fearful tragedy has taken place at Mole Creek, Chudleigh, Tasmania. A man 1 named John Lambert, in the service of the Messrs Field, murdered Isaac Rich-. ards and Richards's wife, in their hut, and j then hung himself on a tree close by. He! killed Richards by smashing his head with j an iron bar and -cut the wife's throat.' Lambert was a Port Arthur man of bad; character, and had been twice charged with murder. Richarda had threatened to take legal proceedings against him, hence it is supposed the horrid deed was committed. A baby only three months old was nearly killed on Monday (says the Donald Times) by a little boy not three years old. The mother of the baby only arrived by tsoach yesterday, and during the afternoon she put the deeping child on' the bed whilst paying a visit to a draper's. She had scarcely left the house when the boy probably jealous of the baby, entered the room, which had no proper lock on, and getting on the bed, commenced scratching and beating the baby on its face. A lady hearing crying entered the rooiu and found the big baby in the act stated. The infant was bleeding at its mouth and nose, one eye was bunged up, and there were several! scratches on-ths poor little sufferer's face. A startling accident, says the Hobart; Town correspondent of the Launceston Examiner, occurred on October 29 at the Bosetta Coal Mines, New Town, belonging to Mr Smart. Eight men and two boys were at work in the drive at the bottom of the shaft, 90 feet deep, when water commenced to trickle through from an adjoining disused shaft that was fall of water. Mr Smart liappened to be there, and hastened the workmen's escape, which they had just barely effected when with a noise like thunder the water burst through the wall of the drive, and in two minutes there was 30-- feet of: water in depth in the pit. The escape of the workmen is .miraculous. The following specimen of .defective orthography, addressed to the " Ballarine Shire Council, has rarely {says the Gealo tig Advertiser) been excelled. The writer's name, for obvious reasons, is suppressed: —" October the 81875.—I whnte to the counseQ of belerean shine stating has I ham prepaid to'rent the whole of. the unredemed property around my place at five shillings ,per acer lor tlie . aj>peael of seven to fortień yeais. under the lokal board act*! ham your ObBdiend servant tn Equity oil Tuesday, before "Mr -Justice Molesworth, in Woollay v Ironstone Hill Co., application-has been made on behalf of the plaintiff for leiva to appeal to the' Privy Council on : giving' Security. Leave was given as iar as the -Attorney- -General was concerned, but pot to the other .ptaaetif&i.; .•- ; „ , ,s. ...... • At the last meeting of the Pyalon^ snire counol, a letter T^ TOad troni j^SIiWtofc of, Kyneton sluiś, asking fpr^&Mdr;&^pce fates wrongfullycollected from-MrŁshaBe,: .having received the/ money illegally tt&y; honefrtiypaid itlwlck to Łtshane when they foąńdłt>?|« -jtekailn f errtr. pjHejttjoved that this rora^ write to the council_bf the _ _ ........ i'4md. ęamefl,;'the _ the "Wiin w^e ,; paSa -Tfci^uii they might send for us much more, and the Presddent saying they could not re- : cover from this'oouncil. Cr Doogan said: if Lehane refused to give up the money he could he sued for it, and made give up the j certificate for licence issued to him.; Cr Jeffrey was about to move that the Secretary be instructed to apply to Lehane for: the money, but the President said he had; already instructed Mm in that direction. 1 . The crops at the Little River and Duck Ponds ^district eoritinhe, saj^ the Geelong 'Advertiser, to alio w Vety fair progress. The farmers, however, complain very much of the depredations ofthe sparrows.- -As appears to be the case in other districts, Latest, ^^Bom^of the łeónnera «re *"bfeginning to cut idoirn their crops for fcay, ward iof ^theh^laborB. In on^field Hie liead^ observed tobeasćleanly takfsn ^iaęju thęyhad been pipped., "^usifvas 41 m^'f^ai idiaiy, wheu Jfhe,(Owięr "was aaaiouidy espęc^nga inacjiine fi»m MelavebeeniMfl§at , N O V E M B E R .while travejiing to Adelaide,on; Saturday, 30th 0ctdber,.olwerved that the for a distance of three-quartera;flf łjetween'Waterloo Oonier antt 'Virginia, was so completely "<»Vered with - .a dark-looting insect that the ground was quite hid from sight. He picked up some of these creatures, and left some of them as specimens at this office. They are wingless,- of si bronze color, and about the size of an ordinary house bug. Regarding the Melbourne City Council elections, the jigosayp j-^he rejection of Mr Curtain has a political as well _as__a personal "influence. In. the first place it is a fitting rebuke to the' insolent attack which he made upon his constituents from the security of the Assembly benches. There can be no mistake about the character of the people who recorded their votes against hun yesterday. They could not possibly be mere ragamuffins - from -other districts, or anything else but ratepayere of Victoria Ward who knew Mr Curtain thoroughly, and felt that they had enough of him. But in the next Jjlace, we are entitled to regard their decision as a protest against political .treachery. It shows how little bold M'Cullochism in its new form has taken upon the electors of North Melbourne, and what any nominee of the M M'Culloch faction has to expect at the »p preaching general election. His discomfiture will doubtless prove as sore a disappointment to his party as it is to himself, for they did not wait till the battle was over before they directed their organ to raise a posan of victoiy- On Friday, "22nd October, a fatal accident occurred on tlie Hynam estate near Narracoorte, to a man named John Stewart, a selector who had recently been living at Hamilton.' Stewart was engaged'making tea in liiB.hut, when he was seized with a fit and fell into the fire. When found, his head presented, a ghastly appearance it: being .very -severely burnt. • He died on the following day. Stewart, it is said, had been drinking heavily for some time previously. 