Lucius DaVoreii. TBV THE AUTHOa OF ''HEN-RY DU.VB.Ul.'] Luoiiia gave a conciliatory cough and wished' him pood muruing, -i s:iluca:iou which the wntciMna!:«r returned with brisk, politeness. He'gavB u signjof relief and kid down the caron omeiitcr ; ;\u if he were rather glad to be done with it lor a little wbile. ' iTegrit to say taac i qo not come us a customer,' said Lucius. The watchmaker shrugged his shoulders . and 6 railed, as who shoutji say , ' Fate docs not always favour me.' *'i'cime rather to ask yuur kindly assistance In my search tor information about sofcje people who may be dead long ago, for auyth-.uj? Ik now to ibe contrary, daye you lived any length of time in this street,'sirP' « I have li»ed in this street all the time that 1 have Jived at all, sir,' replied the watch maker. ' 1 was born in this house, and jaiy father was' born here before me. There is. a little rwteh in yonder door whioh indicates my height at five years old ; my father cut it in all the yride of a paternal heart, my mother looking on with maternal love. Hy after growth, did not release the promise of that Lucira tried to look interested in this small domestic episode, but failed somewhat in the endeavonr; so eager was be to question the watchmaker about the subject, he had at heart. ' Did you ever hear the name of Dumarque9 in this street ? ' he asked, ' Did you ever hear my own name ? » ? exciaiaiod the watchmaker. ?? One is not more familiar to me than the otber. You meaa the Dumai queB who lived next door.' ' Yes, yes— are they there still f ' ?? They ! They are dead. It is not every one who lives to the age of Voltaire.' ' Arc they all dead ?' asked Lucius, dis heartened. It seemed strange that an encire family should be s*ept away within fifteen ' ?' ell, no ; I believe Julie Dumarques is still living. But she left Rouen some years ago.1' ' Do you know where -she has gone ?' 'She went to Paris ; but as to her address in Pavis,— no, 1 do wot know tha;, But if it be vital to you to learn it- ? ' ' It is vital to me.' ' I might possibly put you in the way. of obt&miug; the information, or procure it for 'I stall be most grateful if you can do me n,.,tf:,-, nr A-nv t.rille as recoinneiise which i can uSer you — ' ' irir. 1 require no reward beyond the con sciousness of having performed a worthy action. 1 am a disciple of Jean Jacques Roneseau ; 1 have lived entirely on vegetable diet ; and 1 endeavour to assist my fellow creatures.' ' 'I thank you, sir, for your disinterested kindness. And now perhaps you will lay me under a farther obligation by telling me all you can abjut these neighbours of yours ?' ' Willingly; sir.' . ' Were they tradespeople, or what, these Dum:ii-que3 ?'' . ' Wait a little, sir, and 1 will tell you every thing,' said Monsieur 'iustin, the little watch maker. He ceheved 1 ncius into a reat little sitting ro-ioj, wbich was evidently :ilso his bed chamber, installed him in an armchair covered ?with, bfig'ai yellow velvet, took a second yellow velvet chair for himself, clasped his bony hands upon hi3 angular knee, and began bis '.fitoijE. _!l-M-B2b,.-lhfi JialLltlass_dapx_he. 'Old Andre Dumarques, the father, had been ia the cotton trade, when the cotton trade, like almost every other trade, was a great deal better than it is now. He made a little money — not very much, but just enough to afford him, when judiciously invested, an income that he could manage to live upon. Another man with a family like his might not have been able to live upon Andre Dumarques's income; but he was a man of penurious habits, and could make five and twenty centimes go as far as half a franc with most people. He had married late in life, and his wife was a good deal too young and too pretty for him, and the neighbours did not fail to talk, as people . do talk amongst our lively nation, about such matters. But Madame Dumarques was a good woman, and though every one knew pretty well that her'a wasn't a'.bappy marriage, still no name ever came of it, She did her duty. and slaved herself to death to make both ends meet, and keep her house' neat and clean. Number 17 was a model to the rest of the street in those days, T can assure you.' ' Sbe Blaved herself to death, you say, sir P What does that mean P' inquired Lucius. ' it means that she became poitrinaire when her youngest daughter — she had three ' daughters, but no son— was fifteen years old, and as pretty as her mother at the same age. Everybody had seen the poor woman fading gradually for the last sir years, 'except her husband. He saw nothing, till the stamp of death was on her face, and then he went oh like a madman. He. spent his money freely enougfe then— had a doctor from Paris even to seelier, becaUBe he wouldn't believe the Rouen doctors when they told him his wife was past ?cure— and would have ' sacrificed anything to save her.; but it was too late. A little, rest and a little pleasure might .have lengthened - her life rf she'd had it in time ; but nothing could sare her now. She died; and I shall never forget old Andre's fac« when 1 saw him coming out' of his house the day after her funeral.' ' ' He had been fond of her, then P' ' Yes, in his selfish way. He had treated her like' a servant, and worse than any servant in a free country would submit to be treated, and he had -expected her to wear like a machine. He had always been hard and tyrannical, and . his grief, instead - of softening him, changed him for the 'worse. ' He made this children's uume so wrewuei1, tuau two ul uw uaugoxers— Julie and Pelicie— went out to service. Their poor -mother had taught them all sbe could; lor. Andre Domarques vowed he. wonldn't to bemade fine ladies. She had^eeii educated at'the Sacre Coeur, and wasquite a jady. She taught them a good deal; but still people eaid they wer'n't accomplished enough to be . governesses, so they got situations as lady's' maids, or linmble companions, or something in that way.' ' Was Felicie the youngest ?' ' Yes, and the prettiest, t he was the image , of her mother. 'The ottiers had too much of the father ia them — thin lips, could gray«yes, Hilary noses, the was ill life and spurklo and . prettiness; too pretty ta go out into t be world amonj strangers at sixteen years old.' 'Did she begin tile world so young ?' 'She did. The neighbours wondered that the father shouli let her go, J, who knew him, it may be, better thaa most people, for he made no friends, ventured to say as much. 'That is too pretty a flower t.i be planted ia a stfanger's pardeD,' said 1. Andre Bnmarques shrugged his shoulders. 'What would you?' he asked. ' My children .must work for their living, 1 am too poor to keep them in idle ness.* In effect, -since his wife's death- Dutnar- queB had become a mjser. He had been alwayB mean. He had now but one desire ; and that was to hoard his money.' j 'Do you know to -jrhi-m Feiicie wect, when ! she began the world i' ; 'The poor child!— oru, notf precisely ; notae to name and place. 45ut ic was to an English lady she went— 1 heard as'much^^thas ; for, as 1 said just now, Dumarques spuke more freely to me : than: to- others. An elderly h nglish lady, an invalid, was passing though Ronen with her brother, also ewerjy aaa English sbe a maiden lady, he a baehelW, The Jady's maid had fallen ill on toe journey. They hud been travclling^a Jtaly, Swizerland, want of an attendant ; but-ehe would have no common person, no peasant girl who talked loud and ate garlic; she must have a young person of some refinement, conversable iii brief, almost a la 'iy.: rer brother applied t'o the master of 'the hoteL The master of the; hotel knew something of. Andre DunuirqueB, and knew that he wanted to find situations for his daughters. ' 1 have the very thing at the ends of my fingers,' he said, and sent his porter upon the spot with a note to Monsieur Dumarques, asking him to bring 'no of his daughters. Felioie bad been pining erer since her mother's death, fche was mo«t anxious to leave her home. She accompanied her father to the hotel. Xhe old lady saw her , was delighted with her, and engaged her on luv SJIUu* lum wan uuv jl'ciiuic; iclv *»uut*u« ' Did .you ever see her again ?' ' Yes, and how surely changed 1 it was at least six years afterwards ; and 1 had almost forgotten that poor child' a existence. Andre Dumarques was dead ; he had died leaving a nice little fortune behind him — the fruit of deprivations tfeat aiiist have rendered his life a burden, poor man— and bis eldest daughter. Honenee, kept the house. Julie had also gone into service soon after Felicie left home. Hortense had kept her father's house ever since her mother's death. She kept it still, though there was now no father for whom to kept it. She must have been very lonely, and though the house was a picture of neatness, it had a melancholy air. .Mademoiselle Dumar ques kept three or four cats, and one old servant who had been ia the family for yeara ; no one ever remembered her being young, uot even 1, who approach the age of .my countryman, Voltaire.' ' And she came back — Felieie P' asked Lucius, somewhat exercised in spirit by the watchmakers Ionguenrs. 'She came back; but ah, how ehanged! 1t was more like the refurn of- a ghost from the grave than of that bright creature I remembered eixfl veurs before. 1 have no curiosity about my neighbours ; and thongh 1 love my lenow trcutmicB iu tuu duDiia«^ x rarely trouble myself about particular mem bers of my race unless they make, some direct appeal to nay sympathy. JThus, had 1 been left to myself, i. wight have remained for an indefinite period unawaie of Felicie's return. But I have a housekeeper who has the faults as well as the merits of her sex. While I devote niy le-sure to thi.se classic writers who have rendered my native land iilustiious,.Bhe,. worth soul, gives her jmind to ihe soup, and the affairs of her neighbours. Cne morning, after an autumnal night of- wind and ram— a night upon which a, humanitarian mind would my housekeeper huedsd me my omelet and poured out my wine with a moie important air tban usual; and I knew tbat t-he was bursting to tell me something about my neighbours. The omelet, in the preparation of which she is usually care itself,lw-i8 even a trifle burned.' ' 1 hope you allowed her to relieve- her mind.' ..'lJTS9«-9Jrj Jt_induljred_the simple creature, works, not melodious but cheerful/' ° This was in allusion to a monotonous twang ing noiee, something between the Irish bag pipes and a Jew's-harp, which broke the placid stillness of the ftue Jeanne d'Arques, 