PARLIAMENT. SUMMARY OF PROCEEDINGS. Thursday, June 24. In the Legislative Council, Mr. Dcckbk laid upon the table the Quarterl Abstract of Sank Liabilities and Assets. The East Maitland Public Reserve Bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to the Assembly jrith amendments. In reply to a question by Mr. Db Salts, it was stated by Mr. Docker that the rules and orders made by the Supreme Court Judges on the 30th November last, and prescribed to take effect on the let Feb ruary in this year, had since that time been acted upon. The House went into Committee tor the farther con sideration of the Medical Bill in detail. Sir Alfred Stephen explained that the amendments he proposed to make in the bill were of a nature calculated to re move the objections raised on the second reading. Professor Shith took this occasion to enter into a statement of the action taken by the medical profession with regard to his address on the secondreadiug, aud to read resolutions sent to him, and to the Senate of the University, by the medical examiners, which had led to his resignation as Dean of the Faculty of Medicine. He also produced and commented on resolutions adopted at a general meeting of the profession. After some discussion on the proposed alterations in the bill Sir Alfred Stephen was induced not to proceed further with it at present, his intention being to bring in a new bill with the proposed amendments embodied in it. The Chairman therefore left the chair without asking leave to sit again, Mr. Darley, when the House had resumed, moved its adjournment in order to call attention to the gross breach of the privileges of the House involved in the action of the medical profession with regard to Pro fessor Smith, which he said amounted to an inter ference with liberty of speech in Parliament. Sir 'William Manning, Mr. Holt, and Mr. D alley agreed that theTe had been a breach of privilege ; and Sir George Innes and Sir Alfred Stephen questioned whether the proceedings of the profes sion could be regarded as having reference to those privileges. The motion for adjournment was negatived. The House went into committee on the Lands Acts Amendment Bill, but no business had been done ' when progress was reported and leave obtained to sit ?gain on Tuesday. In the Legislative Assembly, Ministers, in answer to questions, stated, — £1. That, of the eighteen questions put to the Colonial Secre . taty as to the mutter of Alfred Ali, Arthur Todd Holrr.yd, and others, Nos. 1, 2, 4, 6, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 15, 16, and 18 are answered in the affirmative; specific ini'ormaticn being given in reply to questions numbered 3, 12, 14, and 17. 2. That the return respecting sheep, ordered by the HouBe on the 21st April last, is now being collected, and will be pre paid as soon as possible. The collected form of reserves will be laid before the House as speedily as Sossible. 3. That the PoBt Office clock stopped on londay last, and was duly set going on the following morning. 4. [Mr. Borektson answered a short series of , questions relative to the discharge of gunner Cherles Hey ward, of the Permanent Artillery Force ] 5\. That the average attendance of the Cooaia Roman Catholic Denominational school for the last six. months wpp tw/pnty-nine. CI. use 3 '—One instrument chsrgmble with duty — va-agiecdto. i, lame 67 — Refund in case of widow, &c.; — was negatived. A new clause, to stand clause 16 of the bill, was inserted, providing duty on bills of exchange, promis sory notes to be ' denoted' by adhesive Btamp. A new clause 17 — in the place of old clause 16— providing for cases wherein 'impressed stamps' should be exclusively used, was adopted by the com mittee. Two new clauses were then moved and agreed to. The preamble was then moved by Mr. W. Forstbb, but was not agreed to. Friday, June 25. In the Legislative Assembly, Ministers, in answer to questions, stated: — 1. That, the mail coach had been upset near Breeza on Sunday last, in consequence of a wheel breaking. A telegtum respecting this had been received by the Government from the roads' superintendent. 2. That the Hon. Professor Smith resigned his situation, as Dean of the Faculty of Medicine, in consequence of censuTe passed upon him by a meeting of medical practitioners, but that the Senate of the University declined to . receive that resignation. 3. That apian of the align ment of the streets of Yass is being examined. 4. That the late Attorney -General gave an opinion as to dates when rents for auriferous leases begin to run. 5\. That a vote has been taken for the erection of a new passenger station at Newcastle, and that in quiries will 'be made as to the necessity of additional accommodation at the station at F.ast Maitland. 6. Th at papers respecting the opening of the main road from Newcastle to Wallsend are under reference to the Works Department. The question as to the expen diture of £400 on this road, will be determined when the Superintendant of Roads returnB to Sydney. The following papers were laid on the table : — Second Progress Report from City and Suburban Sewage and Health Board, documents relating to Civil servants' salaries, and copy of opinion of late Attorney- General on dates of rent for auriferous leases to begin from. Mr. Davies presented a petition from citizens of Sydney in favour of railway extension into Sydney. Mr. Lloyd presented a petition from inhabitants of Newcastle in favour of Denominational education. Mr.. Terry presented a petition from sheepowners near Murrurnndi relative to the ravages of native dogs, praying remedy. These petitions were received. Mr. Sobert60n laid on the table a return as to pay ments made on account of floods in the Hunter dis tricts ; also correspondence respecting removal of a school teacher at Moruva. Mr. Stuart moved that the petition presented by r .m. .?.n tlie 23rd June, relative to the Innkeepers' Liability Bill, be prikted. Motion agreed to. . j House went into committee for the further consideration of the Stamp Duties Bill. Clause 1— Interpretation clause — was before the committee from the 2lst line, ' bill of lading,' to the Several verbal amendments were moved and agreed to, and the clause so amended was adopted. 7 of Btock« how to be calculated— was omitted. 1° (whereby no instrument was ad missible as evidence except in criminal proceedings, &c.;), verbal amendments were made. The concluding proviso of the clause, as previously settled, wai emitted, and a fresh proviso added, in which the officer of the Court is directed to receive and account lor the fine. The 12th clause, so amended, was agreed to. Claiue 34— Penalty for evasion, &c.; — was struck cut. 1 hese documents were ordered to be printed. . Mr. S: C. Brown presented a petition from Com mittee of Privileges of Wesley an Church against the Contagions Diseases Bill. Mr. Day presented a petition from electors of the Hume, in favour of Denominational schools. TheBe petitions were received. In answer to a question from Mr. Taylor, Mr. Lackey said that, in accordance with the usual eastern, an older for employes on the G. S. Railway to have leave to go and vote (at the Central Cumber land election) had been given by the Works Depart ment. In answer to a question from Mr. W. C. Browns, Mr. Robertson said that the Inspector- General of Police had received a telegram about an act of dia bolical cruelty to a horse in the interior ; and that he had himself personally spoken to the abovementioned officer on the subject, in reference to the offer of a re ward by the Government for the conviction of the guilty parties. Additional information was looked for in the matter. The Speaker announced that the Legislative Coun cil had returned the East Maitland Pasturage Reserve Bill, with amendments. On the motion of Mr. W. C. Browne, an order was made for an address, calling for papers relating to the case of Patrick Carroll. On the motion of Mr. Davies, an order was made for production of papers, &c..; relating to the for feiture of Henry Raines' selection of fifty acres at Mount Gipps. Order waB taken for the printing of a petition for railway extension through the city ; of a petition from inhabitants of Newcastle, on the education question ; and of a petition from sheepowners at Murruruudi, respecting depredations by native dogs, Mr. Robertson explained the order in which the Government proposed to go on with the public busi ness next week ; and he also explained the accidental circumstances which had caused some of the mem bers of the Government to be not in the Chamber at the precise moment that the House was counted out on the evening previous just after tea. Mr. Pilcher moved the second reading of the Aus tralasia Coal Company's Bill, which was to enable that company to make their railway from Lake Mac quarie to the Great Northern Railway. Mr. S. C. Brown moved, as an amendment, that the hill be referred back again to the select committee for consideiation and report, and in support of this he Btated at some length his reasons for taking that course. It was asked that the bill might be referred back to the select committee in order to allow the manager of the Australian Agricultural Company the necessary time to show that the passing ot the bill would act injuriously to the interests of the A. A. Company. After the disposal of a preliminary point of order, a lengthy debate ensued, in which Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Pilcher, Mr. Farnell, Mr. Burns, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Wisdom, Mr. Piddington, Mr. Hoskins, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Robbrtbon, and others took part. Ultimately the amendment wus agreed to without division. The adjourned debate on the second reading of the Contagious Diseases Prevention Bill was resumed. Mr. Parses addressed himself to this question from a sense of duty alone, for the subject was certainly not an inviting one. He felt him self bound to oppose the bill. The bill belonged to a class of measures which never could be justified unless some very strong case of necessity could be made out. If he could prove that there were no such necessity as had been assumed in its behalf and if he could further show that the bill would if it became law be utterly futile, he would have done, he thought, much to prove that it wbb not desirable to enact any such law. Mr.Parkes proceeded to direct his observations chiefly to the general character of that disease which the bill was intended to check ; and he argued (on the authority of several high scientific authorities) that the malignancy and diff u sion of that evil, physically, was by no means so great bb piesumed to be, by those who were in favour of special legislation on this subject. Dr. Simon, in his report to the Privy Council, rested his qualified approval of restrictive legislation in this behalf on the special requirements of -certain circumstances of Eociety — such, as the aggregation of large bodies of unmarried men belonging to the army and navy. This gentleman was totally opposed to any general extension of the restrictive legislation of the English Act. Mr. Parkes quoted several other medical authorities (English and French) to show that the disease itself had ceased to exhibit much of that terrible virulence which had once been ascribed to it — a character that could alone justify the per emptory and abnormal legislation now aBked for bv his hon. friend, the promoter of this bill. The great Mill and Herbert Spencer had both declared that laws of this kind were demoralising, oppressive, and totally ineffective for objects for which they were enacted, and other great thinkers had con curred in that view. The English Act had, for a time, been first made operative in some few towns only in the home country, and when an attempt was made to give it a much more general application, the proposal was met with what had been justly characterized as ' a storm of indignation.' Even the Secretary of State for the Home Department, one of Mr. Gladstone's Administration — who had himself been in favour of such legislation — was so impressed with its demoralizing effects, that he endeavoured to repeal the law altu.^ther. This gentleman when taunted with his Buppost d inconsistency herein, ha'd truly said that it was ?' quite impossible to maintain any laws against public opinion.' To diminish this disease it was proposed to subject women to brutal examinations ; such examinations as did not prevent the evil proposed to be extirpated, but tended directly to encourage vice. The hon. member insisted strongly on the degrading and unconstitutional cha racter of this measure, and said he should feel it his bounden duty to reBist the hill at every stage of its progress. Mr. Charles spoke as to the magnitude of the phy sical evil proposed to be eradicated, and argued that if the preventive action of this law wbb desirable and beneficial for soldiers and seamen of the Royal Navy and mercantile marine, it was good for much more general application. Mr. Cameron utterly denied that the effect of the CoLtagious Diseases Act in England was demoralizing, and adverted to the fact that that measure was still die law of the land, and that the House of Com mons had expressly refused to repeal that law. If they, were justified by the existing law to check and restrain prostitution, they were justified in going much farther for the objects looked for in this bill. The argument that such legislation was an interfer ence with the liberty of the subject was a very poor one indeed ; for liberty was one thing, and license was another. Liberty should be protected, but license ought always to be checked. The wives and daughters ef respectable citizens could not now pass along our streets after nightfall without being horrified and disgusted by language and conduct which it was impossible to describe. For the effectual repression of such public exhibitions of vice legislation was loudly called for, and must tend to have a deterrent and beneficial effect. Mr. W. Forster moved the adjournment of the debate until the 2nd of July. Mr. Farnell supported the motion, which was carried, on division, by a majority of 21 to 9. Mr. W. C. Browne moved that the House do go into committee to consider the propriety ot an address to the Governor for a supplementary estimate of £265, to compensate the Rev. J. 8. White for laud taken from him by the Government. Mr. Dibeb moved that debate be adjourned for a 1 he adjournment of the debate was negatived by a majority of 22 to 6. After some further debate, the motion was agreed to. and the House went pro forma into committee, aud resumed. ? ? Tuesday, June 29. In the Legislative Council, Messages were received from the Governor, notify ing that his Excellency, in the name of her Majesty, had assented to the Temporary Supply Bill, No. 5 ; and had reserved the Aliens' Naturalization Act Amendment Bill for the signification of her Majesty's pleasure. * Mr. Docker laid on the table the time-table for the mail service between Australia, New Zealand, aud Great Britain, via San Francisco, and it was ordered that the document be printed It was agreed, moved by Mr. Docker, that Friday in each week should be an additional day of sitting of thiB House during the remainder of the session. The House again went into committee for the further consideration of the Lands Acts Amendment Bill. Clause 2 (improvements in respect of which sales may be made) was amended by extending the definition of improvements to such as render more beneficial the occupation and use of the land. Clause 3 (value of improvements to entitle holdrr to pur- . chase) was agreed to without material alteration. Clause 4 (value of improvements to bar conditional purchase) was amended by the addition of a proviso that the improvements should be deemed sufficient if \- f the appraised value of 20s. per acre. Two new clauses were severally proposed to stand as clause 6, but each was deferred for more consideration. Clause 5 (conditional purchases by minors). It was urged by Mr. Darley that while this clause allowed children of sixteen years to select, and this clause enabled them to sue and be sued upon con traefs in respect of the land, yet such children had no property, it was the property of theif fathers. Persons contracting therefore, unless deluded by this clause, would contract with, the father and therefore the father should be liable. He waB opposed to allowing females under age to select, and for males under age the fathers or guardians should select. Mr. Charles CAMrRELL opposed the clause as inconsistent with the Epirit and letter of the English law. It would open wider the door lor fraud. Sir William Manning supported the clause although he would have preferred that eighteen instead of sixteen years of age had been adopted. Mr. De Salis thought twenty-one years of age would have been quite early enough to entitle persons to this privilege of conditional purchase. Mr. White ex pressed opinions generally favourable to the provisions in the clause. Mr. Hay thought it would be best to leave this clause in the form it was submitted, but not without giving a carefully considered opinion bb to the age at which the privilege of selection should be c-xercised . Mr. Darley moved that the age be eighteen years instead of sixteen years. On the motion of Mr. Docker, progress was reported, and leave obtained to Bit again on Wednesday. In the Legislative Assembly, The Speaker announced that Mr. Thomas Hunger ford had been elected member for the Upper Hunter, in the room of Mr. F. White, deceased. The Go vernor had declared Mr. Hungerford's election to be valid. Ministers, in answer to questions, stated — 1. That there is at present great difficulty in dealing with questions as to the land orders for Volunteers, since anything to be done .must be contingent on legisla tion. The honouT of the country in regard to promises made will be upheld by the Government. 2. That the annual amount to be charged (in the assessment under the Stamp Duties' Act), on the transfer of Tuns or stations rented from the Crown, will be from £1250 to £1500. 3. That the Government have considered the advisability of extending the penny postage to Parramatta, but have not yet decided thereupon. 4. That the proposed new Min ing Bill will do away with most of the existing mining regulations, and that some of those regulations will be amended as soon as possible. '5. That a School of Mines is now being formed, and that the establishment of a School of Mines will be brought under the consideration of the Government during the recess. 6. That a sum of money has been placed on the Estimates for the Balary of an officer, who will in some measure perform the duties of an Inspector of Mines. 7. That it has been the custom, in treating of the Government banking account, to charge in terest on the London aceouut if overdrawn, irrespec tive of the local account. Mr. Buchanan presented a petition from, miners at Gulgong respecting depasture of Bheep on the gold fields, and praying redress. Mr. Day presented a petition from electors of Hume in favour of Denominational education. These petitions were received. Mr, Hungerford took the oath and his seat for the Upper Hunter. Mr. Burks laid on the table of the House the time table of the Temporary Pacific Mail Service. In doing this, he took occasion to say that, .with the con currence of Mr. Russell, of New Zealand, the Govern ment had extended the contract with the A. 8. N. Company for four additional tripB to and from San Francisco in the same terms as before, except that the company had given up the dlaim to premiums for their vessels when they arrived at San Francisco in advance of the time-table, and had also agreed to provide additional accommodation for sorting on board. Sir Daniel ? Cooper and Sir Julius Vogel had, on behalf of the colonies of New South Wales and New Zealand, accepted the join tender of the 'American Pacific Company, Mr. John Elder, of Glasgow, and Mr. John M'Gregor, of Leith, for the permanent service at an eleven-knot speed, for eight years, for the sum of £89,950 per annum ; and the tenderers would be prepared to enter upon the service in the month of November. The acceptance of the tender was subject to the approval of Parliament, and it would be the duty of the Government to submit resolutions in reference to the business to the HouBe in a few days. The service was to be one of those known as the 'forked' services, and was comprised in the RusBell-Samuel agreement. It was described under the letter B, in the publie advertisements for tenders, and was from San Francisco to Sydney direct, and from New Zealand to San Francisco direct ; the mailB to New Zealand being transhipped at and forwarded from Eandavu, and the mails from Sydney being forwarded to and transhipped at Kandavu, and not less than five vessels were to be provided of not less *-'»» 2500 tons registered tonnage. The Government had also been informed that the contract with the Eastern Ex tension Company for the New Zealand cable had been signed, and would be carried out with the least pos sible delay. The document was ordered to be printed. Un the motion of Mr. Bakes, copies of papers in the possession of the Government having reference to silk culture were -ordered to be printed. On the motion of Mr. Driver (on behalf ofl£r. Stephen Brown), the petition presented by'Mr. S. C. Brown on the 25th June, against the Contagious Diseases Prevention Bill, was ordered to be printed. Mt. Parkes moved the adoption of the report of the select committee on the removal of public moneys from the Bank of New South Wales. Ha first entered into explanations as to the action of the select committee appointed to dtal with this matter, through the vote of that House, and he justified the course adopted therein, commenting, &„ he did so, on some ef the answers of the Colonial Treasurer and others. For himself, he earnestly disclaimed any inten tion whatever to impute corruption to the Colonial Trea surer in regard to the removal of certain sums of the Government money from the Bank of New South Wales to two other banks. He had made the same disclaimer in moving that resolu tion which the House had afterwards adopted, and on which the inquiry before a select committee had been based. But for the terms of that resolution he was not to be held personally responsible, for the House (by agreeing to them) had made those termB its own. He contended, from an extensive citation of the evidence which had been taken before the committee, that the terms used in the resolution had been fully borne out ; and he maintained that, if any Minister — even such a man as Mr. S. Donaldson should have so acted, he would most unquestionably have been amenable to just censure. The evidence however, went to show that it was by a direct vote of ' the Executive, agreed to on the same day, that the City Bank had been made a bank of deposit for public moneys. The transfers made to the Oriental and to the City Bank, were, he contended, contrary to the agreement mnde by the Government of the country with the Bank ol New South Wales — the terms of that agree ment both in letter and spirit not contemplating the sudden withdrawal which had been made. He utterly denied that an ' invitation to consultation,'' like that in the letter written to the bank on the part of the Colonial Treasurer could be fairly looked upon as a ' notice,' even if such a notice could under the circumstances be given He denied also that it had been any advantage to the Government to place these moneys in an unbreakable deposit for eighteen months, arid asserted ihut the Bank of New South Walts would have given 1 per cent, more upon the moneys on better terms, if there had been an option left in the matter. Why should the Bank of New South Wales — which had always dealt straight forwardly with the Government — be placed in a les6 favourable position than the others ? He could' cot see why this should have happened, and he blamed the Government for having done what hod a direct tendency to embarrass that bank in which the Government moneys had so long been exclusively deposited. Mr. Robertson opposed the adoption of the report, and in so doing condemned the action of the hon. member for Sydney East (Mr. Parkes) as ' unscrupu lous,' because he had evidently no regard to the consequences of what he had done in this matter. That hon. member was himself responsible for having caused the panic in Sydney which he deplored, but which arose directly out of that motion in which he had thought proper to reflect ao insultingly, and so unjustly upon the hnn. Colonial Treasurer. How could the present Ministry, after all this, possibly ask their bon. colleague to negotiate with the Bank of New South Wales r He would not say that the hon. member opposite was a ' tool ' of that bank, but the hon. member certainly appeared to have held a brief from it; and his object seemed to have been not so much to injure his hon. colleague (Mr. Ferster) as to damage the City Back, just as if the money there deposited were not quite as safe as in the! Bank of New South Wales. Mr. Robertson proceeded to read portions of correspondence which had spate time ago taRen place between the Government of this colony and the authorities of the Bank of New South. Wales, with a view to show that that bank had taken a decidedly restrictive actioli, as against the Government of New South Wales. This was when Mr. Smart had been Colonial Trea surer, as some hon. members might possibly re member. The bank authorities had then, as always, done the very best they could for the bank for which they were concerned ; and the Colonial Treasurer, then as now, of course did the best he could ia the interests of the Government — in other words, of the ? public at large. The relations of the Government . with the Bank of New South Wales, and with all other banks were — what they ought to be — of a purely commercial character, not founded upon any sentimental notions whatever. It was said by some that the late Government had tied up the whole of a vety large amount of the public money for three years in the Bank of New South Wales, under the terms ot an agreement made by that Government; but the present Government took a very different view of the terms of that agreement, and. in tne in terests of the public, they had acted upon their conviction, and the Colonial Treasurer had secured, by an equally safe arrangement, a consider ably higher late of interest for the moneys more re cmtly deposited. Mr. Robertson next went on to argue that the removal of the money (dictated by mo tives of public policy) was not contrary to the terms of the agreement made with the Bank of New South Wales by the late Government; and he quoted largely from the correspondence between Mr. Lloyd and the manager of that Bank on the subject. The manager of the Bank of New 8outh Wales (Mr.. Shepherd Smith) had told the committee that he hid. had the opinions of three leading barristers ia favour of the claim put forward for the bank, but he had not ventured to produce those opinions to the committee, nor had the chair man of that committee ever asked him to do so. He (Mr. Robertson) had also three opinions from leading . barristers in opposition to that claim— opinions which, it would be difficult for the hon. mover to answer. g hese opinions, given by the Attorney-General (Mr. alley), Mr. M. H Stephen, and Mr. Butler, were read to the House.] He invited the Bank of New South Wales to try this question in the law courts, and, having urged several further arguments against the motion, resumed his seat at half-past 11 o'clock. Mr. Lloyd moved the adjournment of the debate until the next day. Mr. W. Forster opposed the adj ournment, and Mr. R. B. Smith supported it. Mr. Garrett suggested that the adjournmeit should be until the following day. Mr. Piddington spoke in favour of the adjourn- - ment. The motion was agreed to. Wednesday, Junb 30. In the Legislative Council, The House at its meeting went into committee on ? the Land Acis Amendment Bill, for the further coa 'sideration of its details. ClauFe 6 (conditional purchase by minors). The question before the committee was a proposal that the age at which minors should be eligible to purchase land conditionally be eighteen years ioBteadpf sir teen years' as provided in the clause. Mr. Docks a, . Mr. D alley, Sir William Manning, Mj«- Holt, and ? 1 3 Bir Alfred Stefhen, supported the terms of the clause as to age, and the proposed amendment Was supported by Mr. Darley, Mr. Samuel, Mr. C. Campbell, Mr. Db Salis, and Mr. Owex. The amendment 'was agreed to on division by a majority of 10 to 8. The proviso at the end of the clause excluding cases of litigation which involved the question of the selector's age entered upon prior to the bringing in of this Act was omitted, and an addition made to the clause embodying a like pro vision covering more completely all such cases of exemption. The clause as amended was agreed to. Clause 6 (mode in which the balance of purchase money may be paid). The first part of this clause down to the word 'pay' in the 10th line was emitted, and in its place were inserted words which excepted the future free selector from the operation ef the 18th section of the Crown Lands Alienati Act as regarded the payment of interest, and confl the application by this part of the clause to W. payment of Is. by the conditional purchaser after the passing of this Act, thus depriving the clause of its retrospective effect, which 'was not intended. The clause as amended was agreed to. Clause 7 (conditional purchaser to make declara tion that the purchase is for himself). Mr. Darley moved the omission of this clause with the object of getting rid of declarations, his intention being to sub stitute a clause that would invalidate all so-called vicarious or dummy selections, by invalidating agree ments and providing for the forfeiture of the land, ?of all moneys paid therefor, and of all improvements made thereon. The 7th clause of the bill was omitted, and the new clause, after some amendment, 'was agreed to as clause 7. For clause 8, a new clause was proposed, providing that in case of violation of the new clause 7. by making fraudulent contracts 'to defeat the law by one person taking up land for an other, both parties to 'be punished as for misdemeanour with not more than two years' imprisonment and hard labour. The new clause was agreed to as clause 8. Olause 9, contracts by conditional purchasers to be void in certain cases, was negatived. The House resumed, and leave was given to the committee to sit again on Thursday. Mr. White brought up a report and evidence from. the select committee on the Upper Hunter Pastoral and Agricultural Lease Bill, and it was ordered that the document be printed. In the Legislative Assembly, Ministers, in answer to question':, stated : 1. That 'the Government have received reports from Mr. Dor mer, the Road Inspector at Albury, respecting the state of the main road, near the township of Corowa, and that officer estimated the cost of its repair at £2261. That sum is not now available, but repairs (as far as means will allow) are being proceeded with. 'The Government had instructed the Commissioner of Roads to visit the locality, as soon as possible. 2. That the selection of land near Grenfoll by Engel r . .Gravenmaker, made on the 3rd of July, 1873, and t, hold on the 23rd March last, was declared void be ' cause it was on a Government reserve. Inquiry will be made respecting the matter, as now de ?sired. 3. That the papers having reference to the railway trial surveys (ordered by the House on the 20th April) are very voluminous, but will be laid -on the table as soon as ready. 4. Inat the delay in paying railway employes had arisen out of the Govern ment having to ask Parliament for monthly supplies. Steps, however, had been taken by the Government to obviate this inconvenience as far as possible in the future. A petition from citizens of Sydney against the extension of the railway into Sydney by way of Gastlereagh-street was received ; and the petition from the miners of the Billabong was ordered to be printed, as was also the petition presented on the 29th- June, from the electors of Hume ; the petition of Mr. Stephen Stanbridge was referred to a Belect com mittee. Mr. W. Fobsteb moved that the further consider ation in committee of the Stamp Duties Bill (which lapsed by the 'count out' on the 24th June) be restored to the paper, and stand an order of the day for the 1st July. A debate hereupon ensued, in which Messrs. Mac intosh, Bakeb, Cameron, Driver, S. C. Brown, -GuAY, PlLCHER, PlDDINGTON, STUART, FARNELL, Oharles, W. H. Suttor, and Greville took part. Mr. W. Forsteu (in reply) desired to ask whether the opposition manifested by some of the hon. members was a fair way of getting rid of the bill. Unless this course was one that recommended itself by a strong sense of public duty, to refuse to restore the bill to the paper, under such circumstances, was, Be thought, discourteous. It was certainly very un usual. The House divided, and the motion was carried by a majority of 30 to 21. The SrEAKEH announced that Mr. 'William Alex ander Long had been returned as member for Central 'Cumberland. Mr. Long, having been introduced, took the oath and his seat. The order of the day was then called for the resump tion of the debate on Mr. Parkes' motion regarding .the removal of public money from the Bank of Xe'w South Wales. Mr. Lloyd addressed the House. The hon. the .Premier, in his lengthy speech on the previous even ing, had carried out a policy often pursued by counsel ; he had been abusive because he found his -case bad. Most of that speech had been taken up with -wholesale abuse, and as much of that abuse had been lavished upon himself, he was now quite ready to answer it. Mr. Robertson had said the case, as stated by his ion. friend the member for Sydney East, had ad vanced nothing whatever for him to answer, and yet that hon. member had occupied from three to four hours in replying to that hon member's speech. The hon. member had most unfairly charged his hon. friend with having created a panic in Sydney, and in ?order to try and make out a case he had been at the trouble to go back fourteen years to transactions be tween some former Government and the Bank of New South Wales ; transactions with which this matter had nothing whatever to do. Offence had evidently been taken by the Government because the bank au thorities had desired to know, what they had a perfect right to know, as regarded the money de posited in. their charge. The Premier had made use of most unjustifiable language respecting his late hon. colleague, in stigmatising him as the 'tool' of the Bank of New South Wales, simply because he had legitimately drawn attention to the unconstitutional manner in which these moneys had been withdrawn from that bank. ' This withdrawal was contrary to the existing agree ment, which had been based on an original agree ment entered into by Governments with which the hon. member (Mr. Robertson) had been connected as Minister. That original agreement had, however, 'been greatly improved upon by the late Government, and renewed on terms far more favourable to the pub'i: interests of the country. Those terms were . such that they might fairly be said to be all on the side of the Government, and against the bank. It was not true that the money deposited in the Bank had been 'locked up for three years.' The agreement could bear no such construction as had been put upon it. The hon. member proceeded to read several -extracts from the evidence, and contended that the i jv ^ adduced had clearly proved that the money had been removed by the present G o vernment in an unconstitutional and reprehensible manner . Mr. Dibbs opposed the adoption of the report, animadverting upon several points of the preceding speech, and vindicating the action of the Colonial Treasurer and the Government. He charged the Bank authorities with trying to ascertain what the financial policy of the Government was, and he moreover commented especially upon the terms of a letter written by the manager of the Bank of New South Wales to Mr. Lloyd, just about the very time that the select committee was appointed. He examined the character of the committee appointed to try this question, several members of that committee being interested as partisans or otherwise in what they had to decide upon. There had been a manifest unfair ness in the way that the chairman (Mr. Parkes) had given his casting votes against the Colonial Treasurer ; and the hon. member for Newcastle had distinguished himself in the committee by voting against the present Colonial Treasurer, showing that personal feeling which he so earnestly disavowed for himself and for his hon. friend, Mr. Parkes. One of the witnesses (Mr. Shepherd Smith), who was nearly interested for the Bank of New South Wales, had been allowed, unchecked by the chairman, to make the long rambling speech of an advocate, instead of answering plainly and simply to the questions put to him. Li Mr. Lloyd's well-known financial speech there was, in his opinion, a full and ample answer to the charge now preferred against the Colonial Treasurer. The Bank of New South Wales, at one time, had two millions of i the money of the colony, and it was for the interest of the colony that the Colonial Treasurer should have desired to divide the deposits, and so to keep down the rate of interest. The House should not only re ject this motion, but should expunge it from its records. The Colonial Treasurer, by what he had done herein, had earned the gratitude of the colony at large for the moral courage he had shewn iu breaking up a ' cursed monopoly.' Mr. Buchanan animadverted in strong terms on on the constitution of the select committee, and on what he considered to be the unfairness of the action taken against the Colonial Treasurer for what that hon, member had so nobly done in the interests of the country at large. He declared that a direct influence had been exercised by the Bank of New South Wales against the Government, and that members who usually supported the Government were not present that evening, be cause of the influence of the bank directly interested brought to bear upou them. Mr. Stuart could not see that there had been any thing whatever in the inquiry which could at all justify the aspersions cast by the hon. member for the Western Gold-fields, upon the Bank of New South Wales, and upou those connected therewith. He had never heard of any such intended inquiry at all until he heard of it in that House ; but when the committe was appointed, he had been personally called upon by the House to act as one of that com mittee, and he had reluctantly consented to sit, con sidering himself bound so to do. He had had no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that there had been a breach of the agreement, and he regretted that the draft report, in which he had proposed that this should be expressed, had not been adopted by the committee. The hon. member proceeded to treat of the terms of the agreement, which he conceived to have been broken by these ' removals ' from the Bank of New South Wales. The terms of the sixth clause of the agreement was, he admitted, of an ambiguous character. He much regretted that the motion for the adoption of the. report should have been treated as a vote of want of confidence in the Govern ment. The Government and the Colonial Treasurer were altogether exonerated by him from any vote of censure, although he did think there had been & breach of the existing agreement. Mr. Stevens moved that the debate be adjourned until the following day. A debate on the adjournment ensued, in which Mr. Robertson, Mr. Piddikgton, Mr. Hoskiks, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr, Fabnbll took part. The House divided, and the motion for the adjourn ment of the debate was negatived by a majority of 28 to 26. Mr. FarNell moved the adjournment of the House. Tliis motion was negatived, and on the motion of Mr. Fitzpatrick the debate was adjourned until this day. The House adjourned at twenty minues to 12. Penalties in Bangkok. — The following details, says an Indian paper, relate to the ordinan' legal executions at Bangkok, Siam: The culprits were four: an incendiary, sentenced to have his hand cut off; a murderer, to be ripped open ; the third, a political offender, to be de livered to wild beasts ; and the fourth a blasphemer, to have his head burnt off. The' executioners made full speed, grinding, the axes and sabres, dressing the fur nace, and preparing the bellows. The incencuary came first and . tendered his wrist, and _ his hand immediately was seen flying in the air. This mutilation did not seem to affect him much, for he went amongst the crowd to witness the following executions. The murderer next takes a Beat on a stone, and whilst they are cutting into his abdomen he keeps biting a banana ; the sufferer is then seen to gnash his teeth, and, under horrible convulsions, loses the banana and sinks to rise no more. The traitor to the King mean while is looking down a den speaking to the tigers, aud recommending them to sharpen their appetites. The executioners seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and lower him slowly into the horrible hole, after which they slowly draw the rope up. Then we hear, says M. Caulnens, an eye-witness, something like muffled crepitation; from time to time a human form is seen jerked up ; the breaking of the skull and the thigh bones is distin guishable. The wild beasts are roaring all the time, but no human cry is audible. As fortlie sacrilegious criminal, the executioners tied him on a plank, and placed his head between two coal-pans. They then work the bellows and direct jets of flame on the culprit's, head, who continues singing what is sup posed to be an impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering 'under the darts of fire, and yet he continues his psalmody. Meanwhile his body writhes in awful convulsions, his eyes are bleeding, his bones crackling, and he finally gives up the ghost with a fearful yell. New Method of Teaching Harmony. — M. Bernnr n'n Ralin, formerly of the Conservatoire de Musique of daris, has invented a new system of teaching harmony which has the advantage of being simple, easy, and attrac' tivc, as well as entirely new. In the first lesson the pupil already acquainted with musical notation, is taught to write either an accompaniment to a given melody or a melody to a given accompaniment, and at each succeeding leseon Ihe pupil is gradually and pleasantly initiated in to the secrets of a science which has been considered to be mere difficult than algebra, so that in a comparatively short specs of time he may be able to transpose, accompany, or improvise at sight with intelligence ^ and facility. M. Rnhn's method will be of great service to ^ professors, to amateurs, and to others who requ ro an ingenious guide and help in teaching the art and science of musical composi tion in an amusing and pleasant form. 