CUBED BY FIRE. "Kmr, my darling," said I, "there's no sort of sense io it. I would bear a good deal for your sake; but there is a point, you know, beyond which forbearance ceases to be a virtue." Kitty sighed, and nodded her head. We had been married scarcely a year, Kitty and I, and we were talking of my wife's uncle, Jonathan Penny wort. Jonathan Pennywort lived with us. Kitty Lad always been his adopted daughter, and he ' had no other boine. Jonathan Pennywort was one of tbe nicest old gentlemen in tbe world, but Jonathan Pennywort was bedridden. To be bed-ridden, like poverty is no disgrace, but it is exceedingly inconvenient, particularly to your friends and relations. " Yes, I know," said Kitty, softly. " And you're not rich, John, and of course I can but feel that it is a very great tax on you." ' "I wouldn't care a fig for that," said I valiantly, " if it was really inevitable, but I don't think it is. Your uncle Pennywort, my dear, is as well able to walk as I am." Kitty opened wide her innocent eyes, and looked at me very much as if I had said the world was ooming to an end within two minutes and a half. " My dear John," said she, " you are «razv." " Not a bit of it," said I. " I have kept my eyes and ears open, and I have deliberately made up my mind to that effect." " But, my dear, there's Dr. Dodfield—" "Says whatever your uncle Pennywort wants him to say, as long as his quarterly bills are paid with regularity. Dr. Dodfield is human, my dear, and doctors like their money as well as other people. Your uncle Pennywort is a sort of monomaniac on the subject of his ailments—" " Yes," said Kitty, with a little sigh, that is true. And he would be so much better if be could only walk about and exercise a little! " " He can, my dear!" " Well, why doesn't he, then ? " "Because he thinks he can't. That's all." Kitty was pondering the matter over in a certainintentway she has, when uncle Pennywort's voice was heard from the floor above clamouring for a basin of gruel, and away she flew to attend his wants. "Uncle, dear," said Kitty, "don't you think that if John were to give you an arm, and I another, you could walk a little way 1 Don't you, uncle dear ? " Uncle Pennywort, as nice an old gentleman as ever lived, if it wasn't for his aches and pains, groaned a hollow groan by way of reply, "My dear, " said uncle Pennywort, "I shall never walk again 1" " Dear, dear ! " said Kitty. " Never !" lugubriously repeated uncle Pennywort. " There's something organically disordered in my muscles, Dr. Dodfield says, and I know it myself by the sense of feeling. I know I'm a great trouble, Kitty dear, but—" " No, no, uncle," said Kitty, laying her rosy cheek down on the pillow beside the old man's withered face, and beginning to cry. And when she came downstairs she looked almost indignantly at me, as she recounted the conversation which had just transpired. " Now, John, what do you think ? " said she. " Just what I thought before, my dear," I made answer, philosophically. " As if Dr. Dodfield didn't know all about the nerves, and muscles, and tendons, and all those horrid anatomical things," said she. "He knows too much," said I, "that's the trouble." Poor little Kitty ! Like a straw on the waves, she was tossed about on the respective currents of Dr. Dodfield's opinion, mine, a_a<L Utide Pennywort^ - ~ ; I sat d.swh that evening and mentally "it^iiwi up the whole thing in my mind. Uncle Pennywort would live ten good years yet—at least he hoped he would. Ten years ! Three meais a day to be carried up and down stairs for ten times three hundred and sixty- five days! Gruels innumerable, posBets beyond counting, warm drinks without end—Kitty worn out, myself exhausted, Dr. Dodfield's purse and the druggist's money-drawer waxing plethoric, and uocle Pennywort no better off than at the beginning. " It's worth the trial," I said boldly to myself. I went to Dr. Dodfield, and talked the matter over with him. Dr. Dodfield shook his head and looked ineffably wise. " Do not urge my patient to move," said he. " The consequences may be more fatal than you think for." I lost all patience here. " Doctor," said I, " I believe he can walk as well as you or I can." The physician regarded me with a sort of mild, patronising pity. "Ah!" said lie, " that is all you know about it. Allow me to assure you, my dear sir, tliat if Pennywort were to make any such ra<li attempt, it would certainly cost him his life." This was all the satisfaction I got from Dr. Dodfield. But I still clung to my own opinion. Uocle Pennywort bad lain in bed just a year. Multiply that by ten, and—it made my hoad swim. And a second time I said to myself— " It's worth the trial." Kitty was invited out to tea that evening with Mrs. Sampson, just around the corner. " Had I better go? " asked Kitty. " Certainly," said I. r " But who will wait on Uncle Pennywort?" " I will," quoth I. So Kitty put on her blue merino dress with the little frills of white net lace around the neck and wrists, and clasped it with the ciimoo' brooch-I had given her for a wedding present, and went to MTS, Sampson'S. I gave Uncle Penny wort his bowl of fruei, smoking hot, and left him to his nap, as usual, immediately after supper. "Don't mind me, John," said Uncle Pennywort. " I shall do very well with the newspaper and my own thoughts." So I went down to the cellar to get a bottle of wine for Uncle Pennywort. . I am naturally a careful man—-so it is all the more remarkable how I chanced to set' : the candle too near a barrel of shavings 3 V However that may be, all of a sudden there i was a smoke—a blaze—a general eonflagra- 5 tion' "Fire! Tirol Fire!" Every ragamuffin in the street woke up, swelled the ory—the red reflection seen through the wire gratings of the cellar-win-j dowe glimmered on the opposite walls 1 "Fire! Fire! Fire!" "John! Johu! John!" belowed the atenorian voice of my Uncle Pennywort, from the third floor front. " Fire 1" shrieked the neighbours. " 0! OI " as the barrel of shavings in the cellar tumbled over with a crash, "there go the staves I" " Save yourselves, everybody! " bawled I, making an impromptu speaking-trumpet of my two hands. " There's a old gent upstairs as '11 be burnt in 'iB bed, if the fire 'scape don't come pretty soon," yelled the butcher-boy. I could have hugged that youthful limb to my heart. "John! Kitty! Somebody! Everybody!" screeched Uncle Pennywort, shrilly. But nobody came to his rescue. I saw to that! In the midst of the confusion a hand was laid on my shoulder, and I found myself face to face with Kitty, who was trembling very much. " John 3 John! " she cried, pointing and shaking her finger up the stairway, " he's burned to death, and that is bis ghost 1" "No ghost at all, my dear," said I. " Only Uncle Pennywort himself coming downstairs as brisk as a cricket." Uncle Pennywort it was, wrapped in a patchwork bedquilt, like a prodigious mummy, and trotting along like any other elderly gentleman. " Where's the fire ? " cried Uncle Pennywort. " What is it ? Which way shall I run?" "It is nothing but a barrel of shavings down in the cellar, Uncle Pennywort," said I. " And it's all out, long ago! But you have recovered the use of your limbs! '' " I have 1" said Uncle Pennywort. " Its a miracle; but I thought I was going to be burned to death, and—" He sank down exhausted on a chair. Uncle Pennywort did not go to bed again. He had taBted the luxury of walking, and having dismissed Dr. Dodfield when he next came, he settled down into the bosom of our happy family. And now that old uncle of mine walks his six miles a day regularly ! 