CLIPPINGS, '.THE' Names ' JOHN* AND 'WILLIAM.' -Ever since the Conquest tfcb race for popularity among Christian names in England has been greatest between John ana William. In the age after the arrival of the Normans William was the commonest Christian name.' In Domes' day, for instanoe, there are 68 Williams, 48 Roberts, and 28 Walters, but only 10 Johns. In 1873. nt a banquet given at the Court of Henry II., it was com manded that none but those of the name' of William should dine at it, and accord, dingly 128 Williams, all knights, sat dbwn to tablo. In Edward I.'s time this proportion had bocome less marked, for lij a list of Wiltshire names, containing 688, there aro 92 Williams to 88 Johns. In a century after John had outstripped its' competitor. In 1347 out, of 138 common couneilmon for London 35 were Johns, the nest highest name being William with 17, whilo Thomas in' conse. quenceof the canonisation of a'Beoket, springs into notoriety with 15. In'1385 the guild at St. George, at Norwich, In a total of 376 names, possessed 128 Johns to 47 Williams and 41 Thomases. From this period, owing to the two saints who tore that name, and despite the aversion felt for the worthless monaroh who had also borne it, John retained its supre< maoy, and to this oiroumstanco we owe the name John Bull, as well as the Jeap Gotdam by which the French called us through the Middle Ages. William retained a sturdy second place. It fared worse at the hands of the Puritans, who rejected it as a Pagan name with horrors but it recovered its asoendanoy vitb William of Orange and the Protes tant rovolution, and it now stands, as it did eight centuries, ago, (at the head of all * the namfes in, our typptijsmal registers, ^hile John has nga(n,. sunk into the sccotid plaper^' Our. Engtisili .Suf I 'AN INCIDENT OP FONTENOT.--General I Hamilton* in his '' Origin and History of the First or Grenadier Guards," thus re-. lates the incident of Fontenoy of which many; versions have been-givenThe French troops standing behind the ridge were unseen, and on their side could not perceive the movement of the British; but the commander observing the guns that wero being dragged up on the flanksi called the attention of the colonel to, it, whereupon the offloers of the French Guards, exclaiming, lWe must goand take those guns,' advanoed with their battalions to the crest of the ridge, when the opposing lines suddenly , found them selves within fifty paces of each other. Lieutenant- Colonel Lord Charles Hay> captain of the King's Company of the Fii'Bt Guards, stepping out, recognised his opponents in a moment. A. pause succeeded tho suddenness of the meeting. Hay took out his flusk and drank to them, saluting at the same time with Ms hat. He told them that he was,. fol lowed by'tho English Guards, addjng, in a bantering tone, that he hoped they would stand till his regiment came up -to them, and not swim the Scheldt as'they had swam the Maine at Dettirigen. Then turning to his company,'ho told them their foes were the French Guards, and that he hoped they would beat them} whereupon the soldiers gave. a hearty cheer. Surprised at this strange address the officers of the Frenoh Guards hurried to the front, with Duke de Biron at .their head, to return the salute of the Britisn Guardsman, and D'Auteroohe, captain of the Grenadier Company, oalled for a return cheer, whioh was given. The French Guards then fired, when Hay was wounded in the arm, but concealed it till later in the day. The 1st Guards replied with a deadly volley, the 3rd Guards took it up, and then the CoI,d* streams, while the 1st reloaded. Nineteen officers and a great number of men of the French Guards fell, at the first discharge, the front rank was swept away, the second wavered, the British column' pressed forward, and the Frenoh were, beaten back." ' , AN. EXTBAODDI N AB v: MABBUGB.-An extraordinary marriage is reported to have taken place at Jevington * early last week, the ceremony being performed by the Very Rey, Arohdeacon Philpott, in the presence of a large congregation. The nuptial pair both belong to the parish of Jevington } but,the singular part is the faot that the bride has no arms, and the ring had to be plaoed on tho third toe of her left ' fdbt. At the conclusion of the marriage ceremony she_ signed: , the rogister, holding the pen with her toes, in a> very deoent "hand." The bride has accustomed herself to use her needle, and do many other iiseFul things with her toes, ' THE BRITISH ITAVY or THB PAST. Mr. C. Noel Welman writes from Norton Manor, Taunton " I have lately found among my old family papers a statement of the English Navy as it existed 150 years ago, when . our population and wealth were so nrooh less than at the present time,' I send. it to you, thinking some of your readers may be comforted by knowing that, on'the wholev!our expenditure in this = branch of the service has not, even with iron clads and their boilers, increased beyond the just proportion of the past with the present age ' List of ships with their guns and men Seven of 100 guns, with 6,530 men ; 13 of 90 guns, 8,840 men ; 16 of 80 guns, 8,320 men; 24 of 70 guus, 10,660 men ; 18 of 60 guns, 6,570 men ; 46 of 50 guns, 12,880 men ; 24 of 40 guns, 4,560 men; 6 of 30 guns, 930 men ; 27 of 20 guns, 3,270 men; 5 with 34 guns iu all (firesbips and bombs), 180 ripen j 2^ with 210 guns in all (sloops' aiid"yachts), 1,095 men-total, 213 ships, 10$34 'guns, 62,735 men.' " 1 NOT ANYBODY'S FOOL.-Saturday after noon a sad-eyed' boy, with dirt on his chin and a tear on his nose, oalled at one of the police-stations and asked the sergeant if he could be Bent to the Reform School, he being a homeless waif. As he bad committed no offence, he. was tolfl that he had better go to the workhouse, but he replied that nis brother was at the Reform School, and he'd rather go there. He didn't want to go out and Rteal any thing, or smash some one's plate-glass window, and his anxiety to go 'touched the .heart-of a gentleman who had called on business. He consulted with the ser geant, and- then said to the lad, 'I guess we can fix it. I'm going to loave my wallet on the deskj and ihe sergeant and I will1 go up stairs. If you take the Pallet it will be stealing, and you will be .sent to the Reform Sohool.' The wallet was left, the man went up stairs for a moment, apd when they came down the boy was nowbere> in sight. Neither was tho wallet, containing fldol.j and, to be brief about it, lad and money are still missing.-Detroit Free Press. THE PHOPEB .TITLE OF QUEEN VIC TOBIA.-A discussion has arisen in Eng. land about the- 'proper title :of -Queen Victoria, and the 'Paii Mall Gazette, in alluding to the subject, says:-" Dr. Boke asks oi The.Tinies whether 'Queen of the Breams' i,s not the Queen's legal iitlo. It certainly is the title on tho,coin,' Britan niaruraRegina.' But is the coin to be set against acts of Parliament and'proolama tioris which describe Her Majesty as Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Br itain and Ireland P The' Britanniarum Regina' must bo taken as a Latin abbre viation of a title rather too long and too awkward for numismatic use. As to the. phrase itself, .' British Islands' is, from' Aristotle downward, the very oldest des cription in all languages of the two islands of Great Britain and Ireland; but it may be doubted whether they ever were in any language spoken of as ' The Britains.' At anytime since, the Arm.orican migra tion, 'The Britains* would have meant the t insular., and J^c-jconiinental..'Britannia,' ' the island of Great Britain, and thatpartof Gaul oalled ' Bntannia,' ' Brittany,' or 'Bretygne.' ,It,;.to., in opposition to this last, 'Britannia J^inor,'that we spenk of. our own island as' Great Britain,'' Bri tannia .Major.' ; It may, perhaps, be better not to go too minutely into the subject, as ' Britanniarum Regina'd ocs, in the literal and grammatical sense, amount to a claim of sovereignty over part of the territory of the French Re public, though doubtless nothing was further from tho thoughts of thoso who, in bringing in' the title of'Britanniarum Rex,' gave up the title of' Franeira Rex.' There i is a difficulty of the same kind at the other end of Europe. The Czar calls himself ^ Emperor or all the Russias.' Yet it is certain that one, at least, of ihe Russias,; the old Red Russia, forms no part of the Russian dominions. It forms, instead, the more northern part of the modern kingdom of Gallicia and Lodomeria-elegant Latin forms of the original Russian names-now held by the common sovereign of Hungary1 and Austria. . v . ' , A BABGAIN.-It say, Bobby, just give u,a ashoye.with this 'ere parcel on to this 'ore. truck, and next time yer runs me in, I'll go quiet I :i, ; .<. ;i A MM, for the construction of a'canal \ from the Lower Mississippi to the Gulf of { Mexico,-(Vee'tQ all nations, has passed the A Yankee CITY.--Within ono mon thf from the completion of the first house in : Pithole city, Pennsylvania, that city bad' a telegraph office and hotel, costing the j own?r 10,000 dollars. . In onp. .month more there was a daily papVr established, another theatre, antt then" an Wademy,of mu8io, In six months tberewereseventy four hotels and boarding- houses j and in the seventh month the city bad reaohed its highest prosperity. It- then had 15,000 people, elaborate; wiUerworbs.a city hall,'and ati expensive city; govern* ment. Then'occurred the completion of the labour savingenterprise-4ho so-balled Miller Farm Pipe line-by which the pe trdleura was sent off indepoddent of the labouring population. At once, 4,000 > persons were thrown out of employment, while 2,000 houses beoarae useless.This was the death-blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out. Only nine families remain out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the rail road from Pithole to Oleopolis runB only one train a day, consisting of a locomotive and a single car which is usually empty.; but the oorapany is obliged' to keep run ning, otherwise the charter, for the road would be lost. .Tbeyi still hope for better times for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months '?a», bopn, full.grown got sick, and died. -Undoubtedly this is a case unpara\led iri history, modern or anoient. Neither Egypt nor Greece can give examples of such rapid changes. CUBE FOB Bubn8,~Comte de la Tour du Pui publishes the following for the benefit of the world at large. Hesays that a pretty strong solution of ammonia in water is an excellent remedy for burns in oases where the skin is not destroyed, and, as "much trouble doth environ those who meddle with the hot iron," our readers; are; ^peculiarly interested in such rbmedies. The Count says, that .tyayjnjr by , accident , taken , hold, of . a oruoible' which was yearly rad hot,* he suffered great pain. He plunged his hand intp: some ammonical water, and kept it i 'some hours afterwards covered with a piece of linen soaked in the same .) the pain wa? allayed almost immediately, and no blisters or suppuration occurred. ; KISSING IN Chukoh.-At Columbia, S.C., a clergyman. who, while preabhing . a sermon one Sunday evening, perceived i a man and a:woman under the gallery in ' the act of kissing eaeh other behind a i bytytf-bopk, did not Ipse his tamper.- No! ' he'remairied calm." He beamed mildly at the offenders over his spectacles, and i when the" young man kissed her' the fifteenth time, he merely broko his sermon 1 short off in the middle of " thirdly" and offered a fervent prayer in behalf of " the young .man. in pink necktie and the maiden in'blue bonnet, and shawl, who were profaning the sanotuarv by kissing one anptljerjln pew 78i"; And the eongre , gatiori! "saidAmeri."1 Then the young i woman (pulled her veil down, and;the ! yp^ng'jtoah sattbero arid swore softly tp hithself. He doesriotgo to ohurbh as muoh now as he tjjdr A Ple^sa^t BBMooM.-There. is no thing more indicative of refinement and genuino culture in a' family than bright, cheerful,r Rndttfastefully-dcaorated bed chambers; ; .Tasteful decpration; c^oes.not necessarily ; mean .expMse^and'jit-is pos sible to make'a obamber lpok veryj pretty at a very small outlay. Indeed, in many instances, no outlay at all will be required .beyond what would he incurred under any circumstances. The women of a family,? especially,; are 'apt to pass a good Eortion of their time, in their bed-cham ,, jf,,and in some households the sleeping apartments are used alike for:sewing rooms, sitting-rooms, and nurseries. It js worth while, to obtain all the innocent pleasure wo can in this life, and there ; can .be qo,doubt that life is pleasanter if most of its hours are passed in cheerful looking apartments. It is an excellent pl#ft to give a predominating tint or color to ,each room j thus there may be a blue ohamber, a buff chamber, a.pink chamber, or thore may be varieties in the combina tions of tints. Thus, if the walls are buff,.the pervading color in the furniture and decorations may be blue, and vice versa, : It "adds very, muoh indeed to the appearance of a house to give each rooft a' distinct: character of its own. Plain, tinted wallpaper for bedrooms is .desirable'; but if the ceilings are very low, perpendicular stripes will be useful in increasing the apparent height. Curtains do more than any thing else towards the decoration of. a. room,. and every bed chamber wiiidow should be fitted with them. , They may bo chintz or muslin, and if of the former, a striped pattern, in tints to harmonise with the walls and the furniture, . is to be .recommended. Each curtain should have a valance-one of its own material will do s and very inexpen sive window-hangings, if tastefully ar ranged, will add much to the general effect. Even if the furniture itself be old-fashioned in design and dull of huo, white toilet covers, and the various taste ful knick-knacks, with whioh every woman delights tosiirround herself, will do much to brighten it. An ingenious housewife can mako of her own Chamber n perfect boWer at comparatively trifling expense, and during long hours of illness, when her whole world is contained within its four walla, will think herself amply repaid for,her trouble. A GBEAT CUBIOBITY,-A lady of Aberdeen, during tho summer, treated an egg to vinegar until the, shell was softened, and then slipped it into a five gallon bottle, whioh she put into a steadily afrd uniformly heated oven until a chicken was hatohed inside tho bottle. This she has carefully nourished, and has now one * of the greatest ouriosities, a small pullet living in a bottle. She in tends sending this wonder to the Zoologi cal Gardens in Xiondon. 