IT "" " I THE Instant ' SATURDAY, MARCH 13, 1875. THE EPISTLE OF JAMES. I <3uR..'.qld friend, James of Maitland, has &eiib; forth another of his wise andjnteiest- ing epistle.s,' to . the faithful of his diocese. It would be well if the "faithful"' would compare the,' Epistle of J ames in the New Tpstanijent". with the . last epistle of James in the, Freeman's Journal. . '- A striking: contrast would be seen, and it would help, to show them that Christianity and Popery are- ,lhe s opposi tes of. each other. , The Bible: epistle of James speaks of , God, of I Christ,; pf' faith, and of the holy works which follow from it as the fruit of a good tree; .-but the Maitland epistle of James dwells on the wondrous merit of eating, fish in Lent instead of flesh ; on the very , wondrous care of the church in arranging that no. " unclean thing ". during the "holy season of Lent", shall enter the mouths of her holy children ; on the truly wondrous zeal of the bishops in pointing out that a good beef steak on Friday defiles the soul, while a salt: herring will leave it perfectly holy ; on the " singular power" of the bishops to repeat the awful mysteries, of . Calvary and to " change bread and.. wine into the very body and blood of the incarnate Redeemer;" on the great ' devotion of the bishops towards little children " from the time they are in the wombs, of their mothers " until they are " educated in the holy faith of Catho licity ;" on the great success of the bishops in " teaching all nations " as proved in the fact, that in all countries where they have ruled as kings and domineered as priests, they have left the people in such ignorance that about 80 per cent, of them are unable to read or write ; on the singlar protection :which Maitland enjoys " as dedicated about a year ago by himself to the sacred heart of Jesus," so that it is the safest of all the dioceses in the colony from , the " ravening wolves who are now making every effort to take from the faithful the holy Catholic faith ;" and, lastly, on the great power of the intercession of Mary, towards whom all Christians will cherish a "most tender devotion," because "she is able," according to St. Bernard, "to do by her, prayers what God can clo by his power." These are the points of contrast between the Jameses and between their epistles. , Will our Roman Catholic read ers carry out tlm contrast in all the other: particulars which our space- prevents us from noticing ? ' ' , . The first question is, Who , has made " the holy season of LentV We do not object to persons or churches appointing special' times, when they will,1 with con sent,. give themselves especially, to pray el and fasting. We do not object that per sons or churches should agree to fast, ; and, during their fasting, give themselves more exclusively than ordinarily to religious duties; but what we deny is this, that any church has authority to order such seasons of fasting and prayer, and make them so liply that the conscience shall be bound by them as by the ordinances of God, and that tlie neglect of those appointments shall be reckoned a sin. No such power as this is given any where in Scripture to any church. The fasts of the Old Testament were ap pointed by God ; but the challenge is, "Show lis where God has appointed in the New Testament the fasts of Popery ?" Where there is no law there is no trans gression. Where God has not commanded, there cannot'be sm. "Lent" is an invention' of men, of no authority, of no holiness whatever, and, therefore, he who keeps it is none the more obedient thereby, while he who keeps it not is none the worse. : The next question is, Where is it stated 'tliat eating fish, eggs, bread and butter is "fasting ?" The absurdity of Popish fasting is too apparent to be dwelt upon. Moses fasted forty days, because he was with God in the mount ; and Jesus fasted forty days, because He was with God in the wilderness ; but his fasting was this — "j He ate nothing." In the impiety of popery this must be imitated with a sham virtue; but as the church assumes power of the most extraordinary and contradic tory sort, Popery has forty daysfastingoftlie niost burlesque character. During so many ..days in the week you may eat meat, and so . many you must eat only fish or eggs with bread and butter. Yet this is called fast ing ! The holy bishop, J ames of Maitianfl, has plenty of milk and bread to breakfast —fish and oysters, with beer or wine to dinner, tea and toast to tea, and' salmon \yith whiskey-punch to supper— and this ps ingholy, fasting ! If)f entfewrong day he were to eat a slice of roast his soul would be defiled and he would require to do penance ; but if lie despatched two or three whiting, with a few slices of egg pud ding, and emptied a quart of Wyndham's Red, the great merit of his fasting would ".secure him the blessings of eternal' salva tion" and his soul would be. " purified, " as when at first, it. was "regenerated!" Such burlesque fasting has all the efficacy on the stomach and face of good feeding. ; The next. question is,. Where, is .it said in the Wo-d of God, that " obedience" to this, command and sort of fasting " is the test", of orthodoxy," arid ; is ' the' means of , " making due provision' for, ;tlie interests of our immortal soul ?" Is it not strange that all this should appeal- in the ' epistle of James of Maitland," but ' .that nothing of the sort should be found, in the "epistle of the James of Jerusalem ?" How is it that the Scriptures never speak of this very simple and efficient " test of, ortho doxy?" How is it that neither Peter, nor Paul, nor John, nor James ever once alludes to this Popish specific 1 for making due provision for our immortal souls ? Something must, be wrong, surely, with the Bible,, since not one of the Apostles has ever prescribed that fish is better than beef, and eggs better than cutlets, and milk better than gravy for "securing the .interests nf im mortal snnls 1 Of nmirse. 7 the reason of this is perfectly plain, viz., that the " kingdom of God is not meat nor drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost;" but Popery is nothing without the absurdities and sham fasting of Lent. , The next question is, What authority has James of Maitland for this niitraveous contradiction of Scripture? viz, "In the holy sacrifice of the mass the priest renews the awful mysteries of Mount Calvary, and exercises the divine privileges of consecra ting bread and wine, of changing them into the body and blood of the Incarnate Redeemer of the universe, and thus brings down by a singular power, on the altars; the sacred person of the blessed Trinity in his very flesh." One feels shocked when one transcribes such horrid blasphemy. Jesus on the cross said, " It is finished ;" but Popery says "No — it is not finished, but renewed from day to day !" The Bible says that the mysteries of Calvary were accomplished once for all ; but Popery says " No— the priest renews them every time he says mass!" The Bible says that "after Jesus had made that one sacrifice, He for ever sat down at the right hand of God, thenceforth waiting and expecting until all his enemies are put under his feet ;" but Popery says, "No — He has not for ever sat down ; for He is daily. brought down, by a singular power , in his very .flesh, and laid upon the altars !" ' And the Bible speaks of a " memorial of Christ "— a memorial which is to be used to refresh our memory of one who is absent— and a memorial which is to be used until He I shall come again ; but Popery, in the plainest manner contradicts such Scripture teaching, : and asserts that the bread arid wine of the sacramentare not a "memorial," I but a " bodily, presence ;" and that every, priest has the "singular power " to change the commemorative bread and wine into the very body and blood and soul arid divinity of the Incarnate Creator and Redeemer of the Universe ! " Singular power mcleed ! Only a Papist could in vent or credit so revolting an impiety as that a priest should be able to change bread and wine into the body and blood of the Creator of the universe ! ; If this change were true, it might be in deed ascribed to " singular power ;" but it is so obviously and undeniably false, that the assumption ought to be ascribed to the blinding power of the grossest of all superstitions. Of course we know all about the deceitful distinction of " species and substance." We are told that the bread and wine are changed in substance , but that they retain the appearance. We are told, too, that our senses are deceived by appearances, as that when a straight stick is inserted obliquely in water it appears crooked. Well, be it so. Chemistry cannot mistake ; for it deals not with appearances , but with substances : and every chemist iri the world will prove that the breadisnotchanged, and thatthe wineis not changed.; that not one particle of body or blood is to be found in them ! Again, if a host be placed in the way of a mouse, which never cares for the "species," but for the "substance," it will run off with it and eat it; but a mouse never eats flesh! Again; priests have been known to be poisoned, and made drunk by, the wine of the mass ; but blood never intoxicates, land, if pure from the veins, cannot poison! The alleged charige, therefore, is false, as .anyone may. prove by leaving the host and J ifle, jckftliee fpjriayweefci! J;he. mould on the host will be the mould of wheat ', rind the1 | mould in the chalice will be the mould of wine. We challenge any priest to try it ; and then when both the species and- the substance are "changed," we will challenge any one of them "to produce the faintest trace of either body or blood ' in them. Will our Roman Catholic! readers help us to put this matter to the test ? ' 