JOHN BEDE'S PASTORAL. \- ' NO. IV; ' : i: - ' Dr. Polding did not do much in the way of commending a Popish Jubilee to us by asking us " to fasten our eyes on Rome as the great sewer of the world ;" nor did he do much to make us enamoured of " heaven-piercing prayers by his Church, militant." Rome has been a sewer from, the beginning, and more so under the- Popes than ever before ; . and if it has a chanee now to become changed, it never will be/ by Jubilees, indulgences, /and prayers which pierce with the points of bayonets, but by the preaching of that truth which has now made an entrance and which is spreading through the " Eternal City " with such rapidity as fills the holy Vatican with special lamentation. But we must attend to the pastoral /of John Bede. The. old gentleman has: not lived a Papist so: -long for nothing: He knows that when the- Church/has wanted history, and could not find it, , she very speedily took to making it. Among Pro testants this would be very inconvenient to a pastor, and it would mark him out as hot to be trusted ; but among Roman ists, history thus niade to order is just as good as any other kind, and far better if it serve the Church, as Romanists wilf never find fault with the trick; For example, Dr. Polding fGlt that,, his pastoral would look bald and empty if he could not- speak of "Apostolic Jubilees." He therefore/slid past the apostolic age with the cuiihing expression ".Some think that Jubilees existed in the. i times-.; of the Apostles-!" Another jump he took / past the centuries immediately following, the age of the Apostles with an equally cnnuingjgenerality " Some think that, the nearly Popes gave Jubilees!" Then a spring he took, thus nialciny histovy; \\\\\> to the 1 2 th century, saying; " itiislcentainTh'at Pope Alexander gave oney and then he' added that Pope Boniface VIII., 13th cent.u'ry, appointed a " Jubilee to be held eVery hundred years.!" But''aU!this:his<aEy;:pr£&i;' ilot touching the thirigand set/ting off The Jubilee, of Pope Pius ; therefore J ohn Bede boldly? set/out to write history in this way— '.' Had one of our' forefathers left ah/account for his children of a Roman J ubilee, he would possibly have written j to 'the following effect !" Following this 'cunning introduc tion there is a long rigmarole /iraagihary. account; making the / pa/sfe .. i speak; ,in the language and style of the present; iand this fraudulent history is-givemto 'the sheep .of the Church, full of anacrohisms, ; jri prer cisely the same style as ,'th/e false :decreta)s were written, by-., the- impostor;; - Isidore. Sheep which are ' fed in this way1 produce wool; but the/sheep are; tAbe 'pitted as both starved and /ctese. clipped. / Neither Scripture , nor " true history will Serve- Popish Jubilees.;/ but; it < is easy ' for -Dr.' Polding while drawing up a/sub'stitute,. to say, so much the iodise for history. -. . /- : Papists not only, make 'history to order; but they;falsify that which; stands. in their/ ;\y.',/(///Sp';. Dr./ Poldmg ih his pastbfal. .Hay/ptetu'..;-me, -lunder the"Pope> as the most blessed Paradise on earth ; The home of holinfess ; - the centre of truth ; the > fountain of .religion and the model city of . broa— in., tact, , so Tike heaven, that the happy -inhabitants were in' heaven 'without knowing it', 1 Dr. Polding jdlsely / shedding; tears, 'speaks/ of Rome now as a", fold, of wpl vesTr-.the / centre of , European revolu tion, the home of doctrinaries, conspirators, communists; bandits, sectaries, ahd assas-r isins, living in blasplteuiy and ridicule f— " How," says lie, acting his part, exclaims,. " How has the gold become dim !" Such imposture and fraud may inflame the passion of the rabble for whom John Bede has written his/ pastoral ;7 bub it cannot instruct them ; : for such n comparison of /Rome now with the Rome -of Pius/ when his temporsl power stood, /has not a/ single word of truth in it/ No'doubt the people of Rome are the worst of; all people on the; face of the earth because itheyhave chosen Emmanuel and , rejected Pius ; and the names of . the greatest /criminate: are . too good ...for: them ; . ibut. i then,- the., question- 'arises,1 How have7 the'/happy subjects of the' 'Pope, who , have been . in lieaveii ,so loiig, and lylio' have /had /the benefit of in fallible training and . priestly nourishing for centuries;: become 'at once' such monsters; of iniquity ? ' 1 One would think that/ the / training /has/ been/ bad since the result /of it., is so radically and : universally bad ! Rome /.is 'thus a fine example1 of the efficacy of Pope rule, and priestly teaohing j .//But Jqhn/Bede takes cqmfort in his dis tress, We know;" says' he, "that our; mother, cannot perish." No ; we add ; Popery cahno.t perish until. the time comes. Its, lasting so, long./is, -exactly according t»' Soripture-uprophbcy 'j and-': its' lasting Ariel;; power nowf " wGunded'; and yet living,"' " dying and yet cursing," are some of the I striking traits for- identification, that the gomish ChurctfSw : the :ver Antichrist. This apostate church' claims to be Christ's spouse; but her Very lasting, amid the blasphemies of her claims, proves her to be not, ''the, 'Keijeemerls ' spouse, but the |be' filthiness of her fornications. > More .comfort John Bede takes. ; As Jlary stood by the cross df Jesus, so the faithful ' are to stand by the Vicar of Christ j Jesus Christ .is being crucified; a»ain ; the faithful are not to-wonder at The Italians'who have possession of Home; are the Bomans and Jews round .about the. .cross, casting ignominy on the Christ ! ... ".This," says he, " is as it must be!" But the Church will .triumph by the weapons of - love ' and prayer ! Very trood, Br, Polding ; but if things arenas they should be ; and if the mother is cer tainly to triumph by , the love and prayers . of the faithful, What are you howling about? And why. so grumbling and fierce, and tearful, withal, as if this were wrong, and as if the "blessed mother," the Church, 'were 'not-' triumphing % This looks very much like the hoy who is trembling while passing through a dark place, whistling to keep his courage up. John Bede next tells the faithful that they are . to ; use two weapons, so as .'to ensure the the triumph of the .Church — " love and prayer." Listen to the poetry; and piety of the following—" To love and to piay are the two' great weapons . of the Christian's success, ctncl in doing his pari for the Church of God, She does not triumph, any more than the Christian soiil, by car tied weapons ; and it is the very difference in the instruments and the methods'. of her' warfare that confuses . and oversets the:, lordly power of the world, and sends its groaning away, as it receives shock after shock .from , that mysterious .influence which - disarms suspicion by, its: seeming feebleness— flung ias a lamb among wolves, or as a helpless .sheep, led to the slaughter ! So long as we 1 confront the >ybrid''wit/i spiritual wecvpons—&6 long .as yve , .trust , in love and prayer— to the power :of God linus and to the power : of Goff/or' --irjust ' so; Jong shall we be inore than a match "for all our enemies." , This is very pious; .and edifying. Carnal weapons are not -to be ; used ; oh no— ohly spiritual- 'Weapons ! The bayonets of , France and Spain would be very spiritual ! ' . The instruments, such as thei rack, the thumbscrew) the hoot and! the faggot, are very' spiritual !-. No — the instruments are to be love and prayer — instruments which are to " disarm sus picion Exactly. The lamb wants to disarm suspicion. ; It. wants With love and prayer to appear very mild arid meek ; but what would, be its mildness: and meekness may be gathered/ from !' the1 objects for which John Bede is rousing his people by his pakkfrat.and'for which" the! Jubilee has been proclaimed— " First, ; the .prosperity ; and exaltation - oi ! the Romish Church; Second , the extirpation of . heresies. ' Third, the peace and unity; of ' the'Gdtlwiiciepjitel And fourthly, for', the .Fopds.own secret , special intentioiu" iThese and loving objects. They" are j ust such objects as would disarm suspicion of what', is the, peak design, qf /the Jubilee .; . but. 'we , must; defen this interesting part of the pas toral until another occasion. : r ' Mr. John Tyerman's trade should now. be at an end. He has been showing 'off and defending " spiritual photographs." He has been talking about " materialized .spirits " coming when invoked by a circle sitting round a table and singing " Home,' sweet home," and getting their likenesses taken. This sort of gospel lie has been preaching, mixed with all the old and oft- refuted infidel slanders against the Bible and Christianity, until at last the impos- materialized spirits and spirit-; photographs has been most i fully exposed by. the trial and conviction of mediums in .France. "We gave a pretty full accoiunt of this instructive fraud casein our issue before th®, last. But. as the, facts, are valuable, as bearing upon the "spiritism " nonsense and imposture which has been asserting, itself in our midst, we here recall them. A rascal --photographer, named Buguet, a, spiritualistic medium, conceived the plan of making his fortune by invoking spirits to get their likeness taken. This discovery which was "to regenerate humanity," and supersede the Bible and religion, he made known ; by a spiritualistic news- PaPef; and maiiy " convinced' spiritualists". came; to.him , that he.imight get them the 1 enesses of the spirits of their departed' tiends. _ ,9?.i,,f'Hi6fyphhg'-lady book- ePfL,9t;takp;;particiilars,' and meanwhile the rascal-cheat was preparing his glass in another part of the building, not by the aid of spirits but by aid of a doll ghost dressed up in sheets, and with a moveable head,-so that men's women's or children's heads might be stuck on according to order, and a figure half printed on the glass was thus all ready when he made the customer sit. Of course, by. this trick, a shadowy figure appeared behind the figure of the customer, when the carte was finished. In all this, imposture he had two others who were up to the business, and, who. were " genuine mediums," and who, when the picture was not good, or the likeness not striking, joined in the shocking ceremony of " adding their mag netic and psychic force to Buguet's, in- voking or "praying" that the desired spirit might come and fix its likeness on the glass in the box. The baseness of the fraud is not to be wondered at ; for what will broken characters and bankrupt traders not do, by which to gain a living? But the remarkable thing is, that the impostors were believed in, and the photographs were clung to by those who had bought them, as the very likeness of their departed, friends, in spite of the fact that the rascals selling them confessed the deceit, and in spite of the exhibition of the dolls and figures with which the imposition had been worked in the producing of the pho tographs ! Men and women who had sat for their figures and had received cartes with ghosts behind them, produced by a doll, persisted that the spirit likeness was the very likeness of their departed friends; and when they were shown how the thing was done, they asked the judge and lawyers at the trial, "if they were really to be thought of or spoken to as fools ! " Spiri tualism need not fear to have disciples as long as people will be thus incurably blind. The Buguets and the Homes and the Tyermans and the Fosters will always- have a following since there are people in the world, who will thus , believe, and thus free think, in spite of the evidence of their own eyes and other senses. These "spiri tualists," mock at the "faith of orthodox Christians ; " they speak of them as credu lous, as fanatical, as superstitious, and as ignorant and non- scientific ; but there never were such absurd believers as the spiritualists, who will persist that they have photographs of their departed friends even when they are told that the said photo graphs were made from the figure of a doll exhibited to their eyes. So it is always. The capacity of unbelievers and infidels and freethinkers for "faith" is mar vellous. They will disbelieve Jesus Christ — they will laugh at miracles—they will scorn the Bible ; but they will put abso- lute trust in such impostors as Buguet, and swallow such contemptible trash as materialized spirits, table rappings, and spiritualized photographs.- There are no people so preposterously weak and perverse as the so-called free thinkers. Tiie American' priest, who has' been ; lecturing' upon; his . three months experi ence in Australia,': dropped ; one ior 'two: things worth a notice. First;, he ' told his iaudience that halving been, asked by some, Protestant clergyman to. bless his young ;wife, the ; priest . said to' him,' giving- the; wife a " Wessirig''— "May "you1 rest; 'iri'; f peace' !" "If this was said1 irijoke'/it ..was a , profane use of words which are supposed (te)' Have' great " blessing " for the 'dead ; and the doctrine bf //intention "fniighi ex-.' fsonio, 'ocoit'Piheamrig,''. If the words were used " seriously, how; could he bless what lie . regards, or .is sup-, pbsedtorepard,; .as ' an abprriinatipn 1\ A, priest blessing ,a clergyman's wife J . Using) .the very ."words which a Papist would' regard as sufficient 'to make a straw mattress, into a feather bed !; and yet, according to his view of marriage, the said' priest must'1 regard1, such ai connexion, as Br! Polding. lias often Said, ," a mere con nexion of the sexes ! " Nevertheless, we: should like to believe that the priest, in- a rnqment . (a Jucid monient) of. . humanity and' maniiness, did feel kindfy towarcjs "the ; clergyman land his: wife. . It is ' said that- Saltan, when he entered Paradise,' and sari Adam and his wife',1 dwelling in connubial felicity, he felt, " how- awful goodness is." It made him feel his own badness. . So perliaps, . the. priest, as 'he saw a clergy man ; in ihe.'.state in which Peter , was when he. jwas an Apostle, in which other of : the - Apostles lived and did their apostolic duties, and in which Paul' charged Bishops to bean order: that- they might know how to order their children and the house of 'God.jrr-' the .priest; we say, seeing this, in an interesting pair before him,.." a clergy- nian and his wife," he did sigh under the unnatural, unscriptural, and tyrannic vows which exclude a priest, under the guilt' of mortal sin, of enjoying tlie " holy sacra- merit"' of priest" praised the" Marist' .Bfotlieis and' Jesuits as good teachers,;-, and;, expressed his pleasure ,tl\&t; these "educators 'f -wereinow- doing thfeiri' wbifcin'Aus'trali£r. "'"' This 'was natural, becaus tfie-'MtoSStBi'others are but a!, minor Order of JesnitsL; ,and the.' Jesuits have done their best by suppres sion, interpolation, and perversion of facts, to read history backwards and -make truth> ; speak falsehood. The coal and vines and gold of Australia will avail it little, if theL Marist Brothers and other incipient or matured Jesuits have command of the: education: and literature of the rising generation.— Thirdly, the priest ;then let fall this very remarkable acknowledgment — " Our best bishops and priests are con verts." Of course the priest' wished this to be understood as a compliment to the- truth of Popery that it was the learned who were converted, and only the un learned and ignorant who were not so. But Father Hayes ought to see that what he intended to be a compliment to Popery, and a small bit of flatteiy to the converts, was a .very damaging admission .to . the very perfect system of education of Marist Brothers and Jesuits which he was so elaborately praising ! It appears, then, that Marist Brothers arid Jesuits, with all their" advantages of grace and sacraments and Apostolic communion, cannot turn out the best bishops and priests ! The best bishops and priests are educated by heretics, and come from heretics ! So, after all, some good thing does come out of Galilee, and all the brag of Borne and Ireland, as fur nishing the world with the best of men, and the Bishops worth canonizing, is only, moonshine. No doubt Father Hayes would "rather have a good Protestant than an Infidel." -The alternative is re markable, and his choice or preference really does credit to. his good taste -, but what does he mean by a " good Protest ant T' Boes he mean one who does pro test— who denounces Popery as not Chris tianity — who considers Popery to ho so bad as that he names it a damnable error ond a cruel deceit? or one who never pro tests at all, and thinks that the less pro testing there is the better ? , . That " circumstances alter cases " is an old explanation which certain people re peat when' i they are caugh t"; condemning, when applied to themselves, what they once approved when applied to others. It is not very long sine & Freeman was Very bold and insistant in his demand that Wesleyan local preachers should not be teachers in public schools. He., arid his priests thought it an intolerable piece of impudence that a teacher in a public school Should. ibe. allowed, to preach, or pray, or conduct a\ Sunday school, or, do anything whatever in a public way which -might be construed into his. giving expres sion to his religious views in an open manner. Nay, Freeman and his priests were so strong on this point, and deinand- ing that the Catholic children in public schools should not be under the. influence. df teachers who Were known to preach in " heretical conventicles," that the Council of Education was evidently swayed to object to the public school teachers acting as preachers or taking any- prominent part in religious services. Freeman and his 'priestis were then triimyphaht and satisfied,' of course ; . but now the tables are turned. The public1 teacher 1 at Queanbe'yan 'is a genuine Bomanist. - - Of course lie did not preach;; for( that ; is quite beyond a layman: ; , .'nor did lie pray ; hoi did he t-ake a leading iposition iu Sunday school teaching ; but at the 0- Connell , centenary celebration,- . this same teacher came out to the front, and' avowed his sympathy with the 'Liberator ; but as the friends of the public' school in Queanbeyan objected to the teacher declaring his "religious principles," because he was a public school teacher, and applied to the Council for . his removal, and the Council condemned the conduct of the teacher, behold Freeman and his priests find out that it is very hard 'and a .sort of tyranny that their brother Catholic ;should be interfered. with . Oh yes, it is granny now. It is an outrage that teach ers should not be allowed freedom of opinion ! Subh liberty never occurred to Freeman when Wesleyan local preachers were concerned ; but it is perfectly mon strous , that .it. sjhould not be allowed to . Papist teachers, i who are O'Connellites ! The Council of Education was a noble and upright body when it said, in relation to; Wesleyans, that public school teachers should not be conspicous in religious or political questions or movements ; but now it is intolerant and bigoted in its : con demning a public school teacher for speechifying in. favour of O'Connell whoni at leasta majority, of people will hold, in spite , of ( Br.,. Vaughari, to have been; an , Irish rebel 1. . . . -i.;. ! '-Fftiemti/n '/vas sighing1 in an.aniusmg.'p (Said lieWi?,' often i .arixiou riy, > 'consider , the , perplexing questionp ls fit hetterato pursue .the policy-J of contemptuous silence 'underithe''thrash; pjess J '/or' to rihwer? Perhfip's" -'the 1 ' present " course " best/ ' especially, as it is . very unlikely that (the ; .exposures of the Protestant press fyilPtlo ' 'us any " harm, or lower its in the gboft'.<,; opinion of any whose smile, is worth'!' having !" This ' is very hdifying. The1 ' best way to answer, reasons which :canricit , be answered is to fall back upon the con- temptuous policy of silence ;: but1 .then it ", must not he acknowledged that' the silence'1 is owing to inability to answer ; . aiicL' therefore the policy which is followed is1 : this—" to sigh for opportunity to answer ; but to tell people that no answer is given. -because their food opinion is quite siite ' without it. Let us here illustrate, our ; meaning. We have, since the arrival of Br. Yaughan, given him a good deal of atteri- '. tion, and, in letters personally addressed1' to him, as also in criticisms on his ser- ,mons and addresses, we have given him ' ample opportunity to defend himself, or at'11 least his Popery. But the policy has been "silent coritempt," unless on one or two occasions, in after-dinner orations, when of course his "wit was out," lie sneeringly referred to certain "nobodies" who had ' been writing against him !' We admired his prudence. And s6 did a great many ' who were interested in the discussions' but, when'you feel that you, have a case' which cannot be defended, the less you say in defence the better. This policy of: silence will not always prevail. It is con venient; but by-and-bye tlie suspicion arises tb at it is policy. The' persons . . whose " good opinion " the silent gentle- ' men are so1 anxious to secure become a negative quantity. We are quite content, however. , If the policy be the outspoken one, we will be ready for it'; 'if it be the silent; one,1 we will peg aivay, leaving " good opinions " to those who prefer tHeni before the truth. - ; TiiE: Hon.' John Bobertsoh has been enjoying a holiday iri i the other colony; ; Of coul'se he lias been feasted, arid toasts , innumerable have been drunk, in his honor. We hope the trip will give hini strength and courage for the coining campaign. But we have seen an evil spirit closely attending — sometimes behind' ' and sometimes before. We were con cerned when we saw that when lie left. Sydney Heads it was not by steam that lie went on his way ; but a Popish breeze filled his sails. The Popish organ of Sydney, , , began " blowing," and blew stronger- and stronger until it was known that the ' hori. gentleman had landed at Melbourne. Then the reason of the blowing became, plain. The Popish knight, Sir Jennings, on the one hand, and the Irish knight, Sir ' O'Shannassy, on the other, escorted the. Hori. Secretary . from Sydney to his> lodgings and to his bed, lest cabby or some othei nimble party should whisk the little gentleman into less accessible quarters .! ' Behold the two Papists with the Hon. John in the middle. . They will not leave. him. . They will not trust him out of, their- sight. It could not be that Sir Jennings 1 was seeking a' billet.. It could not be thah O'Shannassy . was grateful ; for havhig, been, gazetted a.J.P. Still less could it be with!- a view to corrupt the Government' to- : settle the law case and appeal of Joachim against- O'Shannassy ! No; : whkt ' then , could it mean ? Why ( all fihis court of ! Papistry to, the, chief minister of New n South Wales ? : We think we can guess1 that if there- be any influence whatever, it will, befiri the, way of . keeping the Minister from: touching that, dearly beloved Act , (which every priest has come to see is the perfection of wisdom)— viz., the Public, Schools'', Act of 1SG6 ! : We have good - reason to, infer that, the Papists have a hint- that they are not to be disturbed on the; 'question of schools, else they wbulcl not be so endeai-irig and complimentary. ' But if this be the reason' of the content ment and peace in the region, of , St. ; Mary's ; if this be the secret of the calm : and shining on the Papal waters, the calm will soon be turned into a storrn ; and then, just as rats are said to leave a sink ing ship, so we shall begin to see those flatterers of -John finding; out that Henry" !is a' far better man, if only be have, a " Butler" arid a " Baker" -with.hiin; , i w Father. Sheridan is very anxious to ' have the public believe that thri " Good Shepherd " is ari " unsectariari . charity ; he is, anxious , also to ' get , .the -public to>; - believe that Protestants as?; well as 'Catho lics are contributing to clkar the 'huilding of debt ; and he lias actually won over the , , Herald to. publish these 'f make helieyes ,v k that the gullible public may be induced to1 '" give." Now, we really hope that Father ; Sheridan will mqet sortie, sensible. .Protest- .ante, in .hip;, way/ who .will tell -him;,yeiy; :.4j- plainly a that ; he ris: asking moneyunder « false pretences. He is asking Protestant. monej.for an unaM$arian charity (as he xmmjb) ; but we think that it is as plain as truth can make it that if there be any Popish : charity or institution in the country the " Good .Shepherd " is as cer tainly one :as St., Mary's Cathedral is. "The 'f Crood Shepherd " consists of a con- went with a school, and a female refuge. It is built on ground belonging to the Hoinish Church ; the building belongs to fche Romish Church ; the managers are exclusively Rcmanists ; the sisters are of course devoted and Bworn Popish agents ; >the sisters who teach in the school are of course the Bame ; the sisters who attend to the., fallen women are also the same ; every servant and porter in the place is a Homanist; the children attending the achopl (girls) are Romanists ; almost every fallen woman in the '.establishment is and -lias , been a Romanist ; and the whole ananagement of these women, for their re-' covery . and after life, is according to the strict letter of Romish rules. Is it, then, 3» he said honestly that such an institu- Aion. ia.not Rahiish, not sectarian? Is not every sermon which is preached for its support- — is not every report which is given tio the public — is not every bazaar which, is got up for its advantage— an appeal of this sort — " The Good Shepherd . as one of the glories of the Chnrch, and a ahonument of the piety and benevolence of Catholics V. Yet Father Sheridan has the effrontery to say that it is not a sectarian charity! And the Herald has the stupidity to recommend it as such to the "liberality of unsectarian Protestants ! We never expect truth to be spoken by a jpriesL : He has a commission to deceive the people. His privilege is to tell false- . Jroods ; but really such palpable falsehoods cught tp be profitless, for they carry their own refutation on the face of them. The only shadow, for the statement that the Good Shepherd is an unsectarian charity as, that a fallen Protestant woman will be, <or may be, admitted there. But no such woman need go there, as there is another Hefuge next door ; and, as a matter of fact scarcely ever such a woman does go Ihere ; yet the false plea seems to catch -the money of weaklings ; and this is all that Father Sheridan is looking for. vvs to the Boys; Death to the Frogs;— Dr-Yaughan, Dean Lynch, Father Tim, Mr. -€>nrtia,'and other dignitaries have been putting "their heads together to lay a plan by which the -money needed shall come in faster for the cathedral building. Of course the coming in of- pounds; and the. deli very of the same by the "Collectors!" who ought rather to be known as ''extractors," is fine fun to the "boys but what say the poor frogs who are pelted with atones from purgatory and Rome, that they, ainay part with their cash ? We feel for the poor girls who have mothers or brothers in the iot country ; we pity the poor labourers who meed dispensations ; and above all, we pity the tradespeople and shopkeepers who have laid by little ; for an evil eye is being set upon their money. , The Stockwhix» " Cracking."— We are des tined to'live for ever. The Stockwhip has began to crack us up (or down, for it is all the same). "The /editor tells us that he would as soon do without his breakfast coffee as do without our .paper !', We hope we shall hear our honours .gracefully and modestly ; but, really, we would mther be left alone without the help of such a questionable flatterer. Mb. -Walter Cooper again. — This gentle man who, doubtless, was behind tliesceueBin the late' attacks upon Mr. Garrett, and acted as .-the" 'monkey to Mr.. Parkes in getting up the great case, has now come out of his obscurity, " with all the law books, hooks on constitutional history and parliamentary practice on his back, to argue the Attorney-general out of countenance dfor prosecuting the man White. The public in Sydney and in many places in the country -where:- he sought election, snrely did a very -foolish' thing to keep out of -the House so good Alight in constitutional questions ; or, may be, they did a very good thing, in so giving Mr. 'Cooper 'learned leisure, to study difficult and abstruse questions, and then to write his learned conclusions in the Herald, for " the information end guidance of generations yet unborn. The Fakir of Oolc. — This is the title essumed by Dr. Silvester, a prestidigitator and /magician who is now performing at the School wf Arts. The old trick of taking a tremendous quantity of small articles out of a hat, tearing a. handkerchief to shreds and making it appear whole in a loaf of bread, making a bouquet of any flowers the audience may ask for, he does with as much cleverness and agility as any df jrmer conjurer we have had in Sydney. In tiro respects, however, he surpasses any of his predecessors,, namely, the sparkling fountain ad in the enchanted lady. The former is a Jtcautiftxl fountain of water, alternately illnrai- /itated with every colour of the rainbow. The fouatoin and the prismatic snow storm form a spectacle magnificent in the extreme. In fact, -: wte eye becomes wearied with the gorgeous dis play. The "enchanted lady" is a young girl who Assumes various poses while supported in mi(Li»tr by a pole under the right- til bow, and -Slaving all the appearances of being in a deep sleep. -"The Fak ir dresses her with different robes, &c.;,- to represent, Cupad, Peace, Liberty, Sritannia, »%«. The inost wonderful part of the performance is when the Fakir .removes, the only \- pole and she r.rclines in a horizontal position in -he air withouiv any support whatever. . Then the applause of t.e andienca is unb mnded. It m worth the montW to seetheaa tw u perform- 