SWIMMING ACROSS THE CHANNEL. Captain Webb has succeeded in crossing the Chan nel, but, as might be expected, he met with great dif ficulty in accomplishing this unprecedented feat. After swimming for almost twenty-two hours he reached the sands to the westward o£ Calais. He startedifrom'Dover on 24th August, at four-aud-a-half minutes to one p.m., and was accompanied by the lugger Ann, piloted by Mr George Toms,, who was in everp respect well qualified for the task of guide. Diving from'the Admiralty Pier Webb set off at a steady pace, and was carried by the ebb tide in the direction of Folkestone. The flood then carried him to mid-Channel; the second flood, some miles to'the eastward, and the nest ebb back oppo site Cape Grisnez (about eight miles off), and the flood again took him to Calais. The weather at the start was beautifully calm, and for want of wind the lugger was propelled by oars, till towards the end of the journey, when a strong breeze sprang up. Webb did not take any refreshment till a quarter to three, when he had some beer. During the remainder,of the journey he took nothing but beef tea, brandy, and hot coffee, at long intervals. His strokes per minute at first were twenty-five; but 'his - average, was- about twenty, and towards'the end'rather less. Hia pace at the commencement was a mile and a .half■an l llour accdfding to Mj !piiin£ Ldnd.and.Waler, one of the referees. ■; At; five o’clock the captain took a draught of beef tea, and said' he felt Capital. He'was now. thought to be six miles from the starting- point. At six he was believed to be one mile outside the South Sand Head. At 10 minutes to seven he.took some beer, and at seven the South Fore land Light was N.N.W.' bjr Mi That at Cape Grisnez; was not perceivable ; through the :haze. : : In three quarters' of-ah hour Cape Grisnez was oh th'eTugger's starboard bow., At eight Webb got into a slack water, and made straight for that-point.. At half-past, when the Dover gun fired, a lad named Baker, an excellent swimmer, returned from taking the Captain sonic coffee, and reported that he was as fresh as over, but ~complaiued-of the--quantity of seaweed-; in the -water;.- About an hpur.,aftcr ,sptuo_alarm...was occasioned by the captain saying, “ I’ve got stung on the shoulder .by„„a. jelly-fish,’!. but a ..minute ■ after he added; .“Right...; All: right; I 'the smart ’has now passed.’’ The steam-tug - RimMer,’engaged ’by ‘ some ' gentle men': at Dover, came upat about ten, but'left,'"after a^ttt.'to;:look - ; : atVrijS'^Jja!rii;' s '-'At.i*]t| ’past 1 elevenhe : was golng. steadily, and wasJoud.fy , cheered by the passengers of the;Calais boat who.came to look at him. The se'amen on board calculated that Rei was nearly -14 miles from Dover. 1 ' At ’2.30 next morning ho asked how' muoh ldngerlt would take, and ( being told fouf or five; hours more,. he said He , could; doit. At five he said he was,allright, arid soon after! -ihis'time the French coast.was sighted. At half-past five he bad some brandy, .and-appeared to drift -from; Grisnez towards Calais.; A breeze sprang up, a. 1 little; after seven; ’ and soon the water' lost its smoothness,: . the..waves seriously, impeding -the swimmer,-so much so that at one time those-on board feared he would' succumb; but be struggled bravely on, though it-was apparent that the unfavorable weather was'beginning’ to tellon his 'strength. At' half-past nine the wind; increased, but a service" galley. manned.by men from | the Dover mail packet getting to the windward saved; ’him from a lot of sea. The captain', of course, felt! the effects of his tremendous exertioris/ arid /was pb-s viously fatigued..., He. pressed... on, going - steadily, towards Calais, and at nineteen ’ minutes to eleven he j stepped on'shore; oh the sands there about ten yards | west of the bathing' machines,.after being .tweqty?two I hours in the .waiter, Enthusiastic cheers ’.broke from i thpse/oh.shore; and those; in the’ lugger/ and;' small;, ■boats. ’ He was immediately.rubbed.down, arid;taken ! to the Hotel de; Paris in a.convey'arice. ; He then took a glass of port Recommended by the French phy-; ■Bioian,' - ”and"fell~ihti>' ’a ”sourid~ sleep; Flags 1 were displayed -at..Dover..and-the English ships 1 at Calais when the result was made -known.’ Captain Webb - has • accomplished ■’ the "greatest! feat of swimming yet put on-record. It seems almost i idle to mention the familiar exploits of Leander, Lord j Byron,’ or Lieutenant Ekenhead, : in .assooiation 'with i .anachio vemeu t auchas the - crosaing.-ofthe - Channel i between Dover and Calais IJnlike Boy ton, Captain \ Webb had no mechanism;' no appliances. He trusted j to nothing but, his own .powers of endurance, .the; vigor of Ms constitution, the strength of his arms, I the; skill’and practice Which knew/when to p'rCss forward i and when to stay. '.No fnari before, so far as the 1 world has reason to know, ever. crossed; in .one, swim : such a breadth of sea. Trial op Communists.—lt seems that Prance has ; not yet done with the troubles of 1871. Ten persona , were . tried • by • /courtimartial , on . the 25th , August for . the execution:- of -Emile Thibault at the Hautes Bruyeres Redoubt on 12th May, 1871\. Thibault is described ’as , a dull, lazy fellow, fond' of frequenting public-houses; without any will of ! his own, and with no turn for politics. He was placed in a Communist battalion; but'soon got, tired pi a soldier’s life, and one evening: put a blouse over his j /uniform and set out with the ’intention- of-escaping.! It is believed that he made so long a halt at a wine-. sbop at Hay’thatj‘overtaken; by night/be’.thought it i best to retrace his "steps- On; being encountered by his comrades he was charged with being' a : spy, andj his commandant, Bongaulir, threatened : him with death ,if he "did' not reveal his relations, with, the i enemy. All that Thibault had to. confess was some' conversation iu the wine shop’of Hay as to the Hautes • Bruyeres Redoubt, arid 'the strength of .the .garrison,i but the enemy’s movements 1 happened to be! such .as • to ; cast suspicion "on him; ; Bongault was for shopting him : on the spot, but, jHiellet,l Governor of Bicetre ordered’ a courtma’rtialj over’ which ’ he himself- presided, and- by . judgment of! which- he. was shot.. The .’enquiries of-the police tended to show the complicity of twelve.persous, two of whom have absconded, while a.tliird died, aud a fourth hung himself in prison before the trial came on. Of the others, one Was tfmember' of the court martial, and the others assisted at, the. execution. The • latter included a day laborer, who was then only! eighteen years- of age, and was appointed one’of the executioners, but in consideration of bis youth.'had the option given him,of declining,the task. .He de clared, however, that if necessary he l alone would shoot Thibault,. but it appears that at the critical moment his nerve gave way and He did not fire. The court gave him and three others the benefit of ex tenuating circumstances, and sentenced them to five years’imprisonment, with ten’ years’ police surveil lance. Four ,of the accused, including the two who did not.appcar, were condemned to death, another tir hard labor for life, and another to ten years’hard labor. Russia in the East.—-A Calcutta contemporary publishes the following important information regard ing Central Asian affairs:—“ The popular belief, that the position of Russia south of the Caspian is one of those in which offences must necessarily come, is, un less our information very much deceives us, receiving ample confirmation from events, intelligence not long since reached her Majesty’s Minister at Teheran to the effect that the Russian authorities were about to advance their posts from Azhurade and Gez to Khoja Nafas, some distance to the, south,of the Curgan River and Mulla'Klian,’ not 'far from Astrabad. Such an advance would be a violation of the under standing by which Great Britain, Russia, and Persia have agreed to accept the lower course of the Attrek as the boundary between Russia and Persian territory; and the Government of India regards it in so serious a light as to have made it the subject of an urgent representation to the Secretary of State. But other, aud possibly more serious,! com plications have arisen. The Court of St. Petersburg has shown a disposition to dispute the right of Euglaud to station troops iu the territory of Khelat; aud the Government of India has urged on the home authorities the advisability of settling the point once aud for all by an intimation of their views on the subject to the Russian Government. The visit of Count Schouvaloff to Sr. Petersburg has, in short resulted iu something like an entire re- opening of the’ Central Asian question, and important discussions will, we suspect, follow his return to London. We learn with satisfaction that the Government of India is thoroughly awake both to the gravity of the situation aud to its responsibilities in the matter, and it seems agreed on all hands that. further encroachments by Russia iu the direction of either Persia or Afghanistan should be met by a more determined, attitude than has yet been assumed. How the question of our right to station troops iu Khelat has come to the front, or what the precise circumstances are wMch are considered to have made it necessary to anticipate it, we are not in a position to say. But it is not difficult to see that circumstances might at any moment arise, if they are not already imminent, wMch would compel us to assert the right In a practical way.” A Rich Bequest to the Catholic Church.—A great sensation has been created at Bochum by Herr Jacob Mayer, manager of a mining and steel company, having bequeathed his fortune of a million dollars to the Catholic Churoh. His widow is allowed a life interest in the property, and on her death it is to pass to a Roman Catholic Bishopric, the revenues of wMch are under ecclesiastical management. Padorborn has the preference, but tMs See is at present under Go vernment management, and if it continues in this position at the time the reversion falls in, it will lose the bequest. Munster will stand the second chance, and Cologne the third.' In the event of the revenues of these dioceses being under secular management, Mechlin is to have the money, and should Mechlin be disqualified, Westminster stands last iu the list. Fail ing all the heirs, the property is to revert to, the Bishop of Paderborn and his successors personally, the interest to he devoted by them to the purposes of the Bonifaeius and Servatius Unions. The near rela tives of the testator, some of them needy and even poor, are, of course, no little disappointed at this dis position of the property. The Old Catholics.—The international confe rences of the friends of Christian Church Union were opened at Bonn on 12th August. Upwards of thirty prominent clergymen of the English and American Churches were present. Dr Dolliuger inaugurated the proceedings with a discourse lasting an hour upon the connection of the dogmatic controversy between the Greek and Latin Churches with .the whole develop ment of ecclesiastical history. The conference after wards proceeded to consider the points of discussion between the Old Catholic and Eastern Churches. This debate was carried on under the guidance of Dr Dollinger, and the discussion was extended to the scheme drawn up by the latter for confederation and intercommunion. At the afternoon sitting, the pro ceedings were conducted in the English language, as the Eastern delegates, by previous agreement, were not present. Dr Dollinger read a long letter from Dr Harold Browne, Bishop of .Winchester, concerning the validity of English ordination, which led to a discus sion upon this question. An account was then read to tho conference' of the negotiations con* ducted up to the present with, the’ Easterh Churches concerning the procession of' the -Holy Ghost. ■ An exposition of this question has been delivered to the Eastern delegates. On 13th August Dr Dollinger made a report upon the great changes which the Vatican decrees have brought about in the relations between tho Church of Rome and other Churches. A’ discussion’ then arose ‘upon the question of the -procession of the Holy Ghost! Bishop Reinkens was the cMef speaker oh the German side, .and MM. Damalas, Rhoissis,, Ossinin,’ and Janyschew spoke on the part of the Eastern Churches. Ultimately Dr Dollinger stated that three-fourths of the members of ■ the conference were’agteed, and oh his motion it was resolved to instruct a committee to draw up a formula which will.giye, expression to the joint convictions of 1 those' present." The committee was appointed, and is composed: of two Old Catholips,- two Orientals, an Englishman, and an- American;’ The' result is that the committee have agreed upon the doctrine o£ the procesaionipffhe Holy jGhostdnrall essential points. The coidniamcatiori of this'fact by -DrDollingerwas-’joy£ally-reoeived-by~theconfercnccr The final sitting was hold on.lGth-August. i King Alfonso has now been nearly eight months on the throne."- He is .'supposed to rule as well'as’ to rriign;" His" advisers the office’.. d£ ’responsible Ministers. . Once a.day they, come to him.with papers to sign, and ryijih. arduous.jqpestipns, about the solu tion of which they have to solicit'his Royal pleasure: ,Theoretica}ly, T they, .alone ] are answerable; for ( ±heir measures, arid the ‘ King' can dp no .harm;: but,' as 'fie-m)-knows full well that theconsequences of'their blunders would £MI upon him alone,, and his f Ministers would escape with no' worse punishment than a; pension of 30,000 or 40,000: reals.-:'‘The :Miriisters find him alorie -wh'ed theycoirie 1 in; they leave him’ alone "wlien 1 they are dismissed.-; . Private Mdnsel,’&e;,Sjpg has none, for, hisl sister seldom or ever crdssfes.the threshold of the Emg’si apartments,' and; most 'ofihec.timeds’spent in longl visits to-tho Madrid nunneries. The,'King’s house-! hold has tlie, friends who! came with him from Paris, if they have access to I him, i are debarred from; their'jformer;familiar inter-; bourse.’’‘bn a recent occasion, it is said, the young| King, being on. the pointqf're tiring to. rest,, with noi other attendant than'his bid;friend’and* servant/ -Murph'yj' 'now Cpride' -de Morphi‘ dhd'Hfi’ntleman'pf the Bedchamber, was fidgettirig about the roobnih his • night-dress, rummaging, from corner to corner, look-; •ing under and behind- the ! bedstead;' SS if I he 'could i summon no resolution to turn in.' 'Morphi; greatly surprised,, asked , bis ..Royal'master, “ wliat^ailed'him',; or what cause he had for alarm or uneasiness ?” “'AH,; no-!” exclaimed the King, “ I am; riot' afraid; T was only looking to-see wherb Alcahices had? hid himself' but it seems-he.is really-, gone, -.and,”, he.added with glee, “ we'.'are.rid of; himtill to- morrow.’” "R 'The 'ObiBBEAX'iK ink Provlnces'clf serious character which thejnsurreotionary movement in Bosnia has recently assumed,is > confirmed by the latest intelligence.''Therising at Qradiska or Berbir, a fortified town of some importance,- only separated from the Austrian frontier by the Save’/.'ns well as the reported outbreaks at ..other- places, , are now placed beyond doubt; arid communication .with, the, northern .districts' of Bosnia; is' thus becpining.jas; difficult as, it has been in the more southern parts since the revolt in the Herzegovina. l -, About . a thousand Turkish troops. havo- been landed at- Kick, where they were joined by : 1500-inftmtry, 100 ’cavalry, and 2 guns',sent by the ! Pacha"Of.'-,Moa|»r/.;Thjß reinforcement 'was probably deemed necessary' in . order ;, to' enable the troops to march’ to-Mostar with some dogree of safety, the insurgents- having mustered: sttongijr in the mountain gorges; but-it is reported;that.the'; troops refused to proceed along the dangerous route.; A por tion of the Turkish garrison at Trebirijo recently made a sortie which does not seem, to ;haye. been'attended with success. ..During the fighting, some villages were burnt. The insurgents in.the Duchy of Herzegovina have, after some severe fighting,' secured possession 'of several forts , and, blockhouses,, in which they found, cannon and a quantity of arms and ammunition. ; The Turkish' cause met with a further disaster near. Dobra. The’ ' Tiirks-'iriade a sortie' from'Stolatz, and were’ en countered and driven back by. the insurgents; A-oor respondent explains how-difficult it is for Servioi’tp refrain from joining, or avoid being forced into the. struggle between,Turks and the Christian insurgents. -We' may 1 note that it'has been explained' in official quarters that-the silence’of the'Turkish Government yespectipg.the, recent .eyents in,the Herzegovina must be attributed to the absence of sufficiently important facta. The news, published jby several European journals is .declared' to ;,be either exaggerated.or,jua; founded, and it is pointed out .that after tile failure'of the conciliatory mission upon which Ottoman Com missioners were, scut to the insurgents, at,, Neucin, in the middle of last July, armed force was em ployed, and the insurgents were dispersed.; ’ Sub sequently,'however, some Dalmatian and Montenegrin bauds having crossed the frontier rallied theinsurgents, and'gave fresh vigor to the insurrectionary movement; which then began to spread. The Ottoman Govern ment,’ having at that' time few troops in the Herze govina, determined- to wait until* it had’ assembled a sufficient; number before assuming the offensive, in order-not'to encourage the insurgents 1 by possibly enabling them to. gain some advantage over a ! weak force. The Government decided to quell and stifle the insurrection by an overpowering force with the least, possible effusion of blood. It is feared, however, that it is now too late .to carry out this laudable In tention, as the insurgent'cause is now too strong for anything but an armed resistance, for.we hear that all the Turkish block-houses on the Montenegrin frontier are in the hands of the insurgents, and that two battalions of Turkish troops in that quarter are surrounded by them. The Turks have succeeded in sending reinforcements of troops into' Trebinje un molested. It is announced from Belgrade that the whole of the woods along the Bosnian frontier are in flames, the Turks, for stragetical reasons, having set fire to them. As consular mediation in the affairs of the Herzegovina has proved fruitless,' the Northern emperors will propose an international conference for settling the disputes jointly .with Turkey. Another Claimant,— A few mornings ago an old man, apparently over, sixty -years of age, respectably dressed, and who. said ho came .from Birmingham, called at the Warwick police station, and made a singular statement to Superintendent Hicklipg.Be tween forty and fifty years ago, when he was quite a youth, he committed a theft at Birmingham, for which he was tried at the "Warwick Assizes, found guilty, and sentenced to seven j years’ transportation. He was sent to New South Wales, and served his full time. On the expiration of his sentence he remained iu the colony, and was very successful in obtaining lucrative employment. For some reason he neglected to correspond with his friends, who gave him up as dead years ago. In fact the last tidings heard of him was to the effect that he had been killed.- A short time ago he resolved to revisit the scenes of his boyhood, ■ and a few weeks back'arrived in Birmingham. He then discovered that he was the heir to a large amount of property, as , well as to a considerable sum of money, which had been lying iu the funds for many years. With the view of estab lishing his identity he was desirous of being examined at the county gaol, and having tho natural and arti ficial marks upon bis body compared with the descrip tion in the prison books of the young man who was convicted. A letter from Superintendent Glossop, of Birmingham, confirmed the truth of the applicant’s story as to the object of his visit. Superintendent Hickling thereupon took him down to the county gaol, and communicated tho facts to Mr Anderson, the governor, who turned to ' the prison’ records of tho period, and examined the applicant. Theie are nu merous tattoo marks upon his arms, and several con genital marks,' all of which correspond with the description in the books of the youth who was con victed. The authorities were thoroughly satisfied of his identity. , The Armies of Europe. —From a careful compila tion of statistics of the various armies of Europe, by Baron Pircks, at appears that in Germany B'2 per cent, of the total .combatant.force consist of cavalry; iu Austria, from G‘2 to 7 per cent., according to the degree of mobilisation; in France, 6'2 per cent.; in Italy, 4’l per cent; in the United Kingdom, 5T per cent.; in Turkey as many as 12; in Roumania, 11; in Egypt even 14 per cent.; on the other hand, in Switzerland, only 2T; in Sweden and Norway, 3 - 8; and in Greece even only 4 per cent. In respect of the proportion of guns to the infantry force, England ranks highest among European countries, possessing as many as 39 guns to every 1000 men, whereas Germany possesses only 2 - 6, and Austria even only •2. France ranks next to England, allowing 3'B guns to every 1000 men; Russia,-3'6;' Italy follows with 2‘B. In respect of the proportional number of engineers, England is. surpassed only by Denmark, which has 46 engineers to every 1000 of-infantry, England has 38'6,. Austria 28, Germany and Italy each 24, France 20, Russia 18, Turkey only 2..- A Suicidal Mania. —The mania which obtained iu Vienna some months ago for the double suicides of lovers seemed to be dying out, as iu several cases the . woman shrank from death, arid was therefore mur dered, or at least wounded, by the man. The other iday, however, a double suicide, ini optima forma, occurred.- The young couple, who lived together un married—a case almost as frequent, it is said, in all Roman Catholic countries as that of legal marriage— were in nowise compelled to resort : ,to. extreme mea sures. They were of good family, and no one pre vented their marriage, but the force of fashion is irresistible. The most modern style of self-murder is for the suicides to address letters !to tho editors of the democratic papers, just before their commission of ! tho dreadful deed, well’ knowing that they will be made the subject of a vehement leadingarticle, in which the Ministry will be charged with this lossofhumanlifc, because the State funds are not distributed to the swindlers on’ the Exchange; for the Alpha and Ora eg a of the democratic journals is still tho demand that speculators on the Exchange should be'helped out by ; the State. The pair of loveis' in question were from the provinces, arid, .therefore, riot up to the fashion,; so they laid the, letters on the tabic of the room at the hotel in-which they shot themselves. So far all ' would still have been according to, rule;-but now comes the, extraordinary part of the story; - The''girl, in a letter she left behind in the Czech l language,•'■’de clared that she had not’destroyed hferself “ from stu pidity of love;” rather she owned' that she did not love the young man,; and “ shrank from his presence,” but that he might never disebver.this she desired her own arid his death. “I.should be grieved to have him learn it” (viz., that she did not' love him), “ for he is so fond of me.” This is but another proof that woman's-licart’is' nri unfathomable mystery.' ’ Rain, and the Devastation of. FoRE3TS.!rrThe, liriperial; Ao'aderiiy;o£ S'cionces“at'Vienna has taken up; a question in which alia Europe ; may be said to be interested—namely, /the decrease of the quantity of water in springs, streams, and rivers. A circular, do-, an able pnd addressed to scientific" societies in other countries, in " th'e'"H'dpe' that' they rifay'fiepeiTuaded'to under take" observations which,- iff course-of-time, may furnish data for practical use. The Academy calls attention to the fact that for soma 1 years pact a diminution of .the waters of. the Danube and.other:grriat,iiv!eta. has been noticed, and especially since the ' tnoderri practice of cutting down, forests without, .regard to consequences has prevailed. ’ The "Austrian Engineers ■' and ' Architects - Union’ '.. Have " also taken4he question in hand, and appointed a “hydro-: technic committee” to collect facts and prepare a 1 re-, s°rt.,, The Danube, the Elbe, and the Rhine were each assigned io two members,, other ..two were* . ; to,examine into the meteorology of the- subject, and 1 ■into; the influence which glaciers arid Aljiine torrents; rijay.-haye on the' .general result'. ''.The/temimtitM'.io- 1 . ; gard the question as urgent; they , recommend the im mediate adoption of.remediafi ineaaures,-and they are .uriariimpus'in'deolaring that the 'prime cause of; the; injurious decrease 1 of water is' the devastation 1 of j .forests,., It cannot,be too strongly impressed upon ,allj in the United Kingdom that the system of injudicious I drainage of 'agnculturkl districts has seriously in-: terfered with the natural condition,of all our rivers. The Prescription; of“Sfoonfuls.’:’— The coroner; for the city of Exeter has been the means of entering ori the dea&re;^t^.pf' : a',strong arid useful protest; against, ithe ;)time-horiored : practice kof - r prescribing, medicine by tlie spoonful. ; It; is pretty generally; known that .-the -teaspoon' and tablespoon of the; present day are,.of l .far l from fixed capacity, and may, moreover, be' said to average nearly double the size that was .in voguelittle more than a'quartet of a century ago. If,, therefore, the terms, teaspoqn .and.,tablg spopn were eyeri qualified the w(3rda,“pld” and‘‘new style)” some guide would Be given as to the quantities intended; this; however, is seldoiri the casts. ’■ A month or two since the -iiifarit daughter of a_coach trimmer, aged,.nineteen-days, died in Exeter, under conditions that suggested poison as the cause. The result was an''inquest,';and ti.chance' examination l of the Exeter-death register the other day, for another purpose; showed that-the cause of death-ot this infant was returned in the coroner’s certificate in the follow ing manner:— ,c Congestion of the lungs, 1 accelerated •by.an overdose, of opium,_innpcently, administeredr by her mother from a modem; teaspoon: containing-two drachms, instead ( of from a. teaspoon of. older' date, cpritainirig prie/drachm.” The', 'inference vis, that'; the terra “ spoonful ” no longer signifies a quantity which is sufficiently definite arid intelligible to the public, and should therefore be. abaridonedl',' ; 