SWEETS A1TD BITTERS. 'TWAS after evening chapel, where the cross roads intersect The road that from Bondiagie runs to Kiss-me-quick direct, That Sairey Ann met Phoebe Jane, and says to her, says she; "You'd betterbringyour brother, and come up with ustotea." Without the least reluctance, Phoebe's hopeful brother John, Politely grinning, answered, " if the tucker's gooci JPm on." • liough as a badger was that poor but virtuous young man, Which he couldn't help Tits feelings, but was sweet on: Sairey Ann.- And such as Lis, beyond a doubt, - In askingof the pair such a sumptuous blow out; - Her parents, who spared no expense to gratify their chHd, Had jiare forflupper, which with turnip tops was biled. All dainties of tbe season were provided at this feast, None of your vulgar dampers, but bread made with brewer's yeast; And crayfish from the river, of a real superior sort, • That Sairy's little brother Bob had been and gone and caught. The old man pressed his guests to eat, for 'twasn't every day He killed a pig, he mentioned, in his hospitable way ; Producing as he spoke, some virgin honey from the comb, That made John stare because he'd never seen the likes at home. John revelled in its sweetness without stopping, till he felt His waist expand beyond the right dimensions of his belt ; As to his entertainers he emphatically swore He'd never in his life had such a tightener before. Next after tea the crowd outside conversed about the *crops, And what the " Great Extended? was giving of for props ; And how the boys were splitting in some first rate stringyftark, But fearing Crown Lands baliffs, had to keep their doings dark. At length, as is the practice with gum masticating-youth, Their conversation slightly deviated from the truth ; An article that's rare among the colonists, you know, Who've no respsct for Trollope, who prohibits them to blow. They bragged about their exploits in the honey-hunting way, And what an easy thing it was to make the bees your prey; ' While as for danger, there -was not the ghost of Buch a thing, Because the bees, when hunted, are too terrified to sting ! And so, as luck would have it, Joe the Spragger knew a tot Of hollow trees, where honey in abundance could be got. Accordingly next Bight they started off the hives to rob, And with them John resolved to be a partner in the job. Beneath the axemen's blows the tree fell quickly with a crash When Johnny wished soon after that he hadn't been so rash ' As swiftly from tbe hollow limbs emerged the angry swarm.' That welcomed their invaders in a manner rather warm. They got beneath our hero's clothes, and stung his hands and head; He called for help, but as hi6 cold companion had fled, And left him to be tortured by the tenants of the hive, Who stung him till he hardly hoped to leave the place alive. Far better had that luckless youth remained in bed asleep, Nor prowled around at night in search of honey on the cheap, Indeed he fondly wished himself in bed, for feeling sore, He voted his reception an unmitigated bore. At last he managed somehow, as he rolled about, to scratch Upon a friendly reef of quartz, a solitary match, And thinking the desertion of his friends beyond a joke, Contrived to set the grass on fire and bolted in the smoke. On reaching home his comrades laughed, and didn't sympathise A bit with his misfortunes, and his swollen face and eyes. But called him in the most consoling tones, a stupid mufi£ That needn't have been injured, bad he been but quick enough. His sweetheart quarrelled with him too, for painful to relate, He'd promised to bring home to her, at least a hundred weight Of purest honey from the bush, yet after all his bounce. He'd not the satisfaction to obtain a single ounce. And uow when John goes out to tea, no matter what he eats, The girls are sure to ask him if he doesn't care for sweets, And ask if honey's bitter, and if grapes are sour, and tease, The luckless youth about his night adventure with the bees. He somehow doesn't hanker after honey as he used, And when his mates go after it, he'd rather be excused From joining them, and vows -that where its sweetness can be had *olks ought to go brass fastened, like the ships, and ironclad. • DOWN on the nail, as the hammer said to the thumb. OVEBLAND JOKE.—What side of the Suez Canal is most fatal to travellers?—The Suez side, of course. 