THE CHRISTIAN RUINS OF ARRAN. 'Viator' writes as follows to the Galway Vindicator : — If the isles of Arran contained no other 1 objects of attraction than the romantic scenery which nature has lavished in these interesting lacalities, they would still afford ample means for the graittication of the most fastidious tourist ; but, apart from the afcAm grandeur of foam- washed cliffs and mountain billows, stupendous precipices, and loud-resjunding caverns, these islands con tain objects of absorbing interest. Within the cliff- bound shores of Arranmore are enbosomed the largest assemblage of Pagan and Christian ruins— all of the most remote antiquity— which can be found within an equal area in the world. Dilapidated and neglected though they be, yet their history is associated with the most exalted sanctity, -Jie most profound learning, and the most laria? bravery. They represent two kapoL'tatiu eras in the history oi our country. ?h6 rude fortress, builfc on the brow of some towering precipice or commanding height, and protected by its ehevaux defrise, recalls memories of haughty chiefs and mailclad warriors ; while the picturesque church, with its humble cell or monastery attached, I marks the spot where the follower of Him who was ' meek and humble of heart' passed the years of his mortal pilgrimage. The latter is the subject under consideration in the present article. The Christian ! antiquities of Arran have long been celebra- j ted among archaeologists and enthusiastic i savans. They have afforded a the m. j to the ! learned Colgan, and elicited the aaaiiration ' of the polished scholars to whom their : country owes so much — Petrie, Wilde, O'Donovan, and O'Curry. Built at a time when Christianity was diffusing its mild and civilising influence over our regenerated country, these churches serve as luminaries shining over the path of posterity and and silently exhorting us to tread that rugged avenue which conducted their holy founders to the ineffable reward of their labours. Beautiful are the associations which these moss-covered ruins arouse within the Catholic bosom. Could they but speak, what tales of holy joy, patient sufferings, and happy deaths would they not relate ? Their humble walls often echoed to hymns of praise and thanksgiving ascending from pure hearts to the throne of mercy, and how beautiful the thought that the voices which then chanted the praises of their Creator now join the everlasting chorus in the mansions whose beauty ' aye of mortal hath not seen nor ear heard.' It would be a work of greater length than the limits of a short article could permit to do full justice to the Churches of Arran. To give a detailed account of the origin and history of the principal edifice would fill a good sized volume. The present sketch is merely intended to give a brief outline of the princi pal religious establishments, together with some notice of the origin and labours of their holy founders. The great St. Endew, or Eany, is the first whose name we find used in connection with these islands. Converted from the errors of Paganism by his sister, St. Fanche, while returning f rem a victorious battle-field, he immediately chose the 'better part' and hastened to Italy to receive the necessary religious education before entering the ministry, After a pro tracted absence he returned to the land of his nativity in order to establish a religious institution, bringing with him a large body of monks for that purpose. Hengus, the i first Christian King of Munster, and the ; same person who patiently endured the acci- j dental transfixion of his foot by St. Patrick's ; crosier, considering it part of the ceremony of baptism, granted St. Eany the Islands of Arran. They were at that time inhabited by Pagan pirates, who fled in their curraghs on the approach of the saint and his com panions. St. Eany thus became undisputed possessor of a place well calculated to suit his advanced notions of asceticism, by its seclusion and retirement. In a compara tively short time no less than ten distinct religious establishments diversified the rocky I surface of Arran. Anchorites and holy men flocked from all parts of Europe to hear the word of life from the lips of the great St. Eany. Arran became a nursery of saints, and a school ot asceticism, xne island was divided into two parishes, the eastern half being governed by St. Eany himself, and the western portion was assigned to the jurisdic tion of St. Brecan, the founder of the episco pal church of Ardbrecan in Meath. This saint was son of Achy Balldarg, whose grand father Larthan Finn was baptized by St. Patrick. St. Brecan's head-quarters were situated in a beautiful valley on the northern shores of the island, and are known by the name of ' Seven Churches,' but the Church of St. Eany no longer exists, having been demolished by the bloodthirsty soldiers of Cromwell. The Seven Churches originally consisted of a group of buildings seven in number- The only remains now left are the ruins known as ' Teampuil Brecan,' or the Church of Brci an, the Church of the Holy Ghost, and ' Teanipuila Phuil,' or the Church of the [follow. The style of struc ture is that known in antiquarian phraseology as cyclopean. The former church consists of a chancel and choir, which seem to hare been built at two different periods. The : choir exhibits a very handsome arch and a ! lentel window, both of which .are beautiful J pieces of maconry. Among the ruins are j several inscriptions rather difficult to be ?' deciphered. One slab, of which a part is ! broken off, contains, in very ancient cha pters, the inscription 'Sci Bre— ni,' the fractured portion of the stone, in all proba bility, having the ca which completed the spelling of Breean. Another rude stone in the church has the interesting Latin inscription : \ ' VI. Romani ;' while a third bears an Irish prayer, which the writer failed to decipher. ' Teampuil an Cheathruir Aluin,' or ' The Church of the Four Beautiful Saints,' is about three miles from the ' Seven Churches,' and has an exceedingly poetic site as well as a poetic name. The holy persons after whom this church has been named are supposed (o have been SS. Tursey, Brendan, Conai, aud Bercham. The iuhabi ! tests of Arran, wiio. like the Catholic people I of ail country places., are very poetic, although unconcious of the fact,! entertain, great veneration for the 'Church of the Beautiful Saints.' ' Teampuil HSourney,' ' and 'Teampuil Kieran,' are the most : interesting of the other ruins in this vicinity. '. The latter was founded by the same saint to - whom the far-famed Clpnmacnoise owed its 1 origin. This church is in a good state of i preservation, and contains some excellent j specimens of ancient architecture. ?' A holy water font, of which a - part has been broken off, may also be seen 1 convenient to the doorway — another evidence j of Catholic customs. The Church of St. Ronan (or more correctly Cronin) is situated on the suburbs of the town of Eilronan, to ? which it has given a name, and is completely overshadowed by a large tree, which makes it appear very picturesque. Overlooking the fishing village of Killeany is fcle inter esting little oratory of St. Benan, or Benignus, who was the beautiful youth who bore the cross before St. Patrick on his interview with King Leaghaire. This church commands a splendid view of the surround ing scenery. In the valley beneath are the ' ruins of the old Castle of Arkin, surrounded by the humble dwellings of the poor fisher men who inhabit the village of1 Killeany. Far off to the west may be seen *the clustered columns of the Twelve Pins, whose azure peaks are scarcely perceptible in the distance ; while on the east, situated in the midst of sandy waste, is the mortuary chapel of a lonely ' city of the dead,' where St. Eany, with 127 other saints, is interred. ' Teampuil M'Duagh' is an interesting ruin in the village of Kilmurry. It is a very ancient building and possesses a tolerable chancel arch. It was once the centre of a large cluster of ecclesiastical buildings. St. M'Duagh was the founder of the ancient see of ''Kil Mac Duagh.' The great St. Coluinkille, whose life resembes an interest ing romance, also lived for some time in the Island of Saints. . His altar may be seen on a lonely rock by the seashore, surmounted by a rude stone cross, and covered with ferns and wild roses, which twine themselves around it in a loving embrace, as if repaying its support by their affectionate tenderness. It was on the occasion of his departure from Arran that the Saint composed the following beautiful compliment, rendered into English metre by the patriotic T. D, Sulli van; — Arran, Arran of the West, Sweetest, lovliest spot of all, I would rather sleep upoa thy breaBt Thao in the sacred soil where rest Saint Peter and Saint Paul. 