MR. GLADSTONE'S EXPOSTULATION. Be view. The publio had soarcely recovered from the surprise created by Mr. Gladstone's Article on Ritualism before they were astounded by an Essay upon the Vatican Deorees in their Bear ing on Civil Allegiance. As we remarked in ! noticing the former work, th'jre could be no j doubt that the article on Eritaa'ism was written | with some deeper purpose th'i n that of mei'ely ex postulating with the Ritualists. It was not long before Mr. Gladstone made that deeper purpose manifest. If his second production dees what its author intends it to do, aud civil and religious discord are stirred up where harmony aud Christian fellowship had lately reigned, the blame will be solely attributable to Mr. Glad stone. I( had been the pious hope of Cavh.d cs that Great Britain might never be torn asunder by the controversies and fierce political stmg- ] crlun whinh urn noitatincr nt.h«P nations*. In. I some time past a persecution as real if not as ! bitter as any persecution inflicted in Pagan '? times has boen brought to bear upon German Catholics ; because the clergy ; aud laity have followed the dictates of con science rather than tbe commands of men, they hava therefore been iinpri oned aud fi: ed ard outlawed. Ot' course a saall section of the Boglih people was found leady to give a oomeoting voice to any injus. ca, h -w* vec flih,raut, so loug as it was ouly inflicted on Catho'ics ; bat the mass of the English ptOjle held aloof. In matttr3 ia which no persoual interest is concerned the Eeuse of justice of the j English people is comparatively keen, aud when ; they witnessed the heartless cruelty th*ir { f«llow-Protestants showed directly they came ia j contact with the Catholic Church- they were ! nob to be charmed into sympathizing with ; Bisaiarck, not even by Earl Russel aud an I Exeter Hall meeting. But, unfortunately for j them, the restless mind of one statesman \\\vs j aroused old animosities which all chaiitab.e j Christians hoped were being laid abide for ever. In doing thi3 Mr. Gladstone has fairly taken both friends 'and enemies by surprise j but he has only acted after the manner of statesmen. His Irish policy depended bo completely upon the Irish vote, and he had for worldiy ends gone so far to conciliate the Catholics, that he even gave rise to the suspicion that he was not a Protestant after all. The daily papers were continually asked to publish Mr. Gladstone's assurance that he was not in league with the Catholic Hierarchy. It is now a matter of history how he succeeded, how he disestablished the Irish Church, how he gave the Irish tenantry some claim en the soil they tilled. But he failed in hia attempts to pass the Irish University Bill. Speaking of the Catholic Hierarchy in their connection with him, he says : — ' Some iudeed think that it was overpaid, a question into which this is manifestly not the i place to enter. Bat the Roman Catholic ; Prelacy of Ireland thought fit to procure the rejection of that measure, by the direci in fluence which they exercised over a certain number of Iriah members of Parliaments aud by i the fcenjp'atiou -which they thus offered — the ; bid, ia elf'.ct, which (to use a homely phrase) they made to attract the support of the Tory Opposition.' ?'From that moment I felt tliafc the situation was changed . . . linpoitant matters would have to be cleared by suitable expla nation ? I now take advantage of i emancipation from the restraints of aa official postiion.' : Translating thi3 extraordinary announce mmfc into ordinary language, it means that the Catholic Hidtarohy d.strusbed him, aud pieferred to rely upon the Conservatives, aud tbab he mu3t have friends if evtr h?. ia to leach power again. He, therefore, sees the necesdty of conciliating the Protestant masses whom he had estranged, by becoming a deadly enemy to tt,e Oathulios. He had not long to wait before ! circumstances favoured hia project. Lord j Peon's conversion ruffled the calua surface o£ ! PrO'eatuufc waters. While men's niicda ire excited U the time to strike. Mr. Gladstone began the attack with au able but rather , mild article on Kitua'.istu, in which j he parebtheiically inserted caluumirS which he knew all Catholics would ' d^ny. This was exoctly what he wanted. Their vehement denial was suffioiett excuse for briogieg i&t; j operation a schema which he con fesses to have had in his iniud since February, 1873\. H* has coincided with the principle, en which. Prince B.smarea'd todeaiasUoal policy is baaed. In wading through Mr. Gladstone's Essay on the Vatican Dddefs in their Bearing octhe Civil Allegiance wo will occupy as li&:le space as possible. Tisere ia little use repeating and re futing charges which our readoru have probably long tinea mad and smiled at. Had we bteu He to ourseivt'B to analyze Mr. Gladstone's essay after our own faahiou, we would eay th t it cont&ins; three elements — an answer to .bis , ' opponents, a justification of his original proposi tion, and an apology for his Irish polioy. If; willj perhaps, be better to follow his own analysis. . 1\. That 'Rome has substituted for the proud boast of semper eadem a policy of violence and change in faith.' 2\. That 8lie has refurbished and paraded anew ' every rusty tool she was fondly tLought to have - disused. . 3\. That uo one can now become her convert without renouncing h^s moral end mental frea dom, aud placing his civil loyaity aud duty at the mercy of anoiiher. 4\. Th.it she ('Rome') has equally repudiated . modern thought ana' aucienu history. The first atid fourth he eonbiuea aad disposes of very quickly on the p'ea that ' they belong to tbe theo!ogiciil domaiu;' we caa dispose of them equal :y quickly because we enn attach tha trae meauiug to the words 'semper cadem,' The definition of an article of faith does not take away tbe Church's claim to that pro ad title now, any mure thau it did iu J 542, or in 325, or at auy oher time whoa a council has been held to scow what is at.d what is not the will of tl.e Holj Ghost. Tbe'Cnnrch is the sime, to-d»y as eht? wus a thousand years ago, ns she will be when her L--rd comes again to glorify her, and in this sense slit? id ' semper laitem.' Had M-'. Gladstone informed hiinsuJi accurately as to ? tbe extent i. f the Church s clnui implied iu ihe words*, lie vvould nevor havo biuuglit such a charge against her. lie wouid have beeu saved, moreover, the pain of bolstering up bis mistake by such a sentence as this : — ' The decrees of the present perilous Pon tificate have been passed to favour aud preoipi« tare prevail. eg enrreuts of opinion in the eccie siasticiil world ot Rutue. ' A3 though the dootrine of the Papal Infallibility had beeu peculiar to one particular town, and not to the great majority of Catholios through* out the world ! The gist of the attack, however, is expressed in the third proposition — namely, that 'No one ean now become a convert to Rome without forfeiting his menial aud mor^l freedom, and placing his oivil loyalty and duty at the mercy of another.' Mr. Gladstone lays great stress upou the fact that when the Catuolios were emancipated from their thraldom it was dig tiuotly understood that the Infallibility of the Pope was not an article of Faith, and he leaves his readers to infer that England hae been wronged by Catholics professing now what they did not profess in 1S25. To prove hia point hs quotas from the declara tions on oath by the Catholic Hierarchy before j a committee of the House of Lords, Taey. there declared — 'That neither the Pope nor any other prelate or ecclesiastical person of the Roman Catholic Church .... has any right to interfere directly or indirectly in the Civil Government, . . . . nor to oppose in any manner She per formance of the civil duties which are duo to the king.' And again** ' 15 They declare on oath their bajtof that ifc is not an article of tue Catholic faith, naither are th'.y thereby required to believe, ihab the Pope is infallible.' Now any peraoa reading thes9 declarations can easily eee thai; any bishop could have made them in 1S25, whtnea* he could not; ia 1875 7 They were asked what was the Church's teach ing upon these poiats, aad tUey atatel ifc exactfy. Were thty asked now they would have to profess their faun iu the Pa, lai I ufu.libilit.y. If Bi?hop Djyla had not sworn a* ho did he would have b.ien guilty of perjary; if we were to uwear now as hj diJ, wa wuull be guiity of hereby aa well. After trying to make out a case of dishonesty against the Catholic; Church, ho pro.iteds to exa^erute tu-* plaia meming of Decree of the Council. We quote-, the ttxt of the con tro verted deduidoua. F-rd6 comes the Pope's infallibility : — ' Doceinos, eb civiiiitus 'rovoiatum' docam ??' es^e Utii/iuuus^ Homanuiu PoUtiricom, cuaf ex C»th-3-ua i'lqanui, id t-ni cum, omuiuai CiiXia tianoiuua P.»»6oria «c Do6'.or a niuiie^ o faugeuti, pr.» uuj- reu.a »?»§, AposvuiKa auctoritatts due- ' tdoatu lie iiti« vuj ruoiibua a;- uuiv. j*a Bcciol-ift ? ?'? ? te;.tn..iam detiid:, p^r ass.sbuntiaui uiviuaiu, ip i iu b'.-ibo Pet/o prouissi.u, efl, iuuiliotiicutt». ]-i-ii'ere, q«a 'Oi'vi;ius'ii»-ieiupb.;r bi(iuius'u(u')tua;i£L' ia d-.nuu.u-.i& doc-tiiiia de lida vel moiiouti ia* S'ruc am ti-taii volui', ; ktevnue f-jus lt-.utiau'i' ' ''? - ?? *? Poutiiioid derinitioi'es tx scs^.ucm outtiui q& cua°.- ' set;6U EjclubijE irrcforiaabiits ease.' Theu as to obedience :— . . .. ; 'Cujiiseuuque rilui eB d'gaiiafcig pasfcofes atqua udoles, tutn faoursam eiii^uli q um s.imal ,; omi.es, officio hiuviruhkaa subi»idi-u«,io is vtr ajquq obedient dq obitritigu'utur^ loj so;u n ia reuud, qiuaa al u.ium --t iiiur-s, sei ttuni iii ii^ * quea ad a:soiplii.auu ct regimou Eeeie&iaa; pep tutu in orbtm mlfu zo pertineot. ... Hixa-. . ... eat Car.ljoli( a? vei-uatis Uccua.a. a quil deviaie,, ;. salvd fije a'.qua saiunc, ueuio protbuc. . . Mr. Gladstone takes these passages and acjaowea out of them a meaning wJa.ch taey werj ? ? ? ? never intended To' bear. Upon questions touching faith and morals the voice of the Church is as absolute now as it was when the first Council oi Jerusalem quelled the fears o! the first disciples, The voice of the Church, like the law of the Old Dispensation, is a kind of ' schoolmaster to leadua to Christ,' not a spiritual policemar, designed to. check freedom of thought and action. It is the sffice of the Church to teaoh and to enforce obedience, and it stands to reason that when her rules are broken it is her duty to correct the wrong-doer. Obedience, thorefore, to her jndgment is, due from her children 'non solum in rebus, quao ad fidem et mows; sedetiam in Us, qua) ad disciplinani et regimen Eoclesiee pertinent.' Considering what the office and what the authority of the Church is, demands such as these can hardly seem un reasonable. Bat so monstrouB do they seem to Mr. Gladstone that he cannot help drawing the most monstrouB consequences from them :— 'Thus are swept into the Papal net whole multitudes of facts, whole systems of govern meat, prevailing, though in different degrees, in every country of the world. Even in the 'United States, where the severance between Church and State is supposed to be complete, a long catalogue might be drawn of subjects be longing to the domaia and competency of the State, Dut also undeniably affecting the govern ment of the Churoh ; such as. by way of ex amf&v; marriage, burial, education, prison discipline, blasphemy, poor relief, incorporation, mortmain, religious tndowmenfcs, vows of celi bacy and obedience, h: Europe the circle is far wider, the points of co^et and of interlacing abjiosb innumerable. But i.. nil matters respect ing which any Pope may thi. '-?: proper to declare that they concern either faith -^r morals, or the government or discipline of the Church, he claims, with the approval of a Council un doubtedly (Ecumenical in the Roman sense, the absolute obedience, at the poril of salvation, of ©very member of his Communion.' Having concluded to his own satisfaction that hia psoposifcioa Is true, he submits that England is entitled to ask and to koow how the ob&di-; ? ones required by the Pope is to ba reconciled with fche liberty of civil allegiance. He suggests that England shall demand one of two things, either— ' 1. A demonstration that neither in the name o? faith, nor in the name of morals, nor in the name of the government or discipline of the Cnurch, is the Pope of Home able, by virtue of the powers asserted for him by the Vatican decree, to make any claim upon those who ad here to his Communion of such a nature as can impair tie integrity of their civil allegiance ; or alae ' 2. That if when such claim is made, it will even although resting on the definitions of the Vatican, be repelled and rejeoted, just as Bishop Doyle, when he was asked what the Eoman Catholio clergy would do if the Pope inter meddled with their religion, replied frankly, 8 The consequence would be, that we should oppose him by every means in our power, even by the exercise of our spiritual authority.' We cannot be surprised that Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet has been met by the Catholic press ?with a afcorm of recrimination, It is so ably written, it^ould seem to half-instructed readers ao teue, there is so much falsehood leavened by jast enough truth to make it dangerous, that it may be considered to be a work calculated to do more harm than any other anti-Catholic work of modern times. Fair-minded Catholics, how ever musfc remember that excuses are to be made for Mr. Gladstone which would be im possible for men like Lords Acton aud Catnoys. Many of Mr. Gladstone's mistaken conclusions are simply owing to the fact- that he is not a Catholic. Theology is not only the queen of sciences, but the most difficult of sciences, and no one but a Catholic, and a Catholic especially Jfcrained, is qualified to treat of the subjscts which Mr. Gladstone has undertaken to handle. His mistake in asserting that the definition of the Infallibility constituted a change of faith, that it took away the Church's right to the proud motto of ' semper eudem '—his mistake in blaming her for bringing out of her i1 treasure things new and old,' in defining an article of faith, and olaiming prerogatives which aha had held from time immemorial— his mis take in not seeing that, as the Holy Spirit is with His Church to all ages, therefore whatever action she may take, whatever doctriue3 she may propound, she cannot err — such mistakes as these are simply owing to the fact that he is not a Catholic. For the errors into which his defective faith baa led him we can hardly blame him, however much we may pity him. To judge harshly of mistakes resulting from invincible ignorance savours of a want of charity. But, making every possible allowanoe that Christian chanty demands, it is impossible to deny that Mr. Gladstone has fallen into many errors vfhioh ho might easily have avoided. We are alluding more particularly to hie expan sion of his second proposition. We take an instance or two. The Papal oondemnationB which Mr. Gladstone chiefly selects for aniiu .adrefsion are liberty of the press ami liberty ; of speech. Now, it is true that 3 these principles are condemned by the Pope ; E but can Mr. Gladstone have forgotten that they . are condemned by the law of England also ? While Mr. Gladstone was trying to catch the popular ears can he have forgotten that lie Min self was the sole author of the Irish Coercion Act, which not only condemned the Liberty of the Press in Ireland, but made it an indictable i pffence for the people to speak their minds in any public place ; which made it an indictable offence for more than a certain very small num ber to meet together for any political purpose ; which made it treasonably for Irishmen to carry i arms ; which made ft illegal for Irishmen to be outside their homes after dark ab night ; and which, by suspending the Habeas Corpus Act, gave a magistrate power to arrest and throw into prison any Irishman he pleased, without a trial, without even being told the reason of .Irs incarceration ? And the sole author of thib detestable tyrannical act is the man who blames the§I?oly Father for condemning the liberty of I She pre3s and the liberty of speech, 'But,' Mr. Gladstone pleads, ' there must in every community be some limits to liberty in these matters.' Just so, and that is exactly what the Pope wants and no more ; he has certainly expressed no desire to assume the character of a tyrant, gagging the people, and punishing them when he cannot find an excuse for his unjust measures. The fact is, absolute liberty of speech and of the press cannot be allowed in any Christian and civilized community,. The Pope asserts it, the law of England asserts it, Mr. Gladstone acts upon it. So far the Law of England and the Papal Decrees go together ; but ' as they approach the domain of morals it is necessary that they part company. The moral law belongs from the nature of the case to the Spiritual Power, just as the civil law belongs to the Civil Power. Therefore the Spiritual Power is perfectly justified in condemning many things which, since they come under the moral law, the Civil Power cannot reach. Thus, from a moral point of view, not only is there no right to unlimited freedom of publication and of speech, but there is not even a right to unlimited free dona of thought. Every Christian knows that man may sin in thought as well as in word and deed, and what he can only do by sinning he cannot be free to do. In condemning freedom in these matters the Church has only stated in words what every form of Christianity must do in practice, and what Mr. Gladstone himself has done with a vengeance. The drift and purpose, however, of the whole Pamphlet is a complaint that the allegiance due to the State may oe infringed upon by the Vatican Decrees. And here again we are bound to notice a most uncandid omission on the part of Mr. Gladstone. His Pamphlet bears marks of most careful thought, and it is evi dent that in drawing up and setting in order his calumnies against the the Catholic Church he must have read most carefully the original text of the Syllabus. Now is it possible that the 63rd of the con demned propositions could havs escaped his notice ?— and yet he is most careful not even to allude to it. The Pope therein condemns those who assert that 'it is lawful to refuse obedi ence to legitimate princes.' Now it is a fact that when the Syllabus was published, the He publicans and conspirators and secret societies throughout Europe condemned it on ac« count of this proposition rather than of any other, since they thought that it affirmed a principle of strict submission to rulers who might be tyrannical. In truth it did not affirm i anything of the sort; 'for this,' as Bishop j Dupanloup said at the time, 'would be to inaka j the Vicar of Jesus Christ consecrate the most brutal despotism, and servile submission to all the caprices of kings. ' As Dr. Manning argues, the Vatican Decrees leave the duty of allegiance and the limitations of that duty exactly where they found them. Undoubtedly the Church holds that there must be limitations to that duty— and does not Mr. Gladstone hold the same ? The whole teaching of the Church is summed up in this text, ' Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' It was the great doctrine that the State is not supreme over men's conscience?, nor, when the consciences are, concerned, over their actions, that laid the early martyrs low before the bessts of the amphi theatre—that enabled the Church to save Europe from Mahomednnism — that colon, feed Pennsylvania. Were the English State to enact that slavery was to be es tablished in England, that the Free Love Sect was henceforth to be the National Church, fabat a community of goods was to be enforced — would Mr. Gladstone be true to his principles and bow his head and submit? Would he not rather say8 ' No, the Law of God tells me that ' these things are wrong; the Law of God is higher than the law of man, aud therefore, I car.not be guilty of adultery nor steal other men's goods to please the State ?' The Church demands no more than what Mr. Gladstone would act upon when called upon. The Churoh enjoins loyalty, and obidience, and submission to the Siate, but duly so long a3 her cbildreu can be so without breaking the higher law — the Law of God. The Pamphlet concludes with a glance at the position of the Vatican in the political world of Europe. The Pope has been robbed, despoiled, and insulted : should the Catholics throughout the world be called upon to defend him, what would English Catholics do ? The difficulties presented by such a case have been greatly exaggerated, The answer seems pretty clear. If the English Catholics are called upon to help the Pope by bearing arms, an almost impossible supposition ; they would do so, — as English people helped the Southern States in the American war — individually, and at their own risk. But should the English nation openly side with the enemies of God and His Church, we cannot see how any honest Catholic could refrain from laying down his arms. After all, it is almost childish even to suppose such cases, since the policy of the Papal Court is, and always has been, one of peace. Dealing with the 'difficulties ' with which the Pamphlet abounds is like dealing with a shadow — they only appear at first sight, but on inspec tion are found to have no substance. 