Christmas Throughout Christendom. THE angels in the Gloria in Excelsis have pro bably given us the best definition of Christmas, "On earth peace, good-will toward men." This Christian idea of Christmas, with its love, charity, and forgiveness, haa probably found its most striking realisation in the Julafred, or Yule-peace of the Scandinavians—a custom, though ancient as the Runic stones, still existing in Sweden, by virtue of a Christian baptism, as a Christian institution. Extending from Christ mas-eve to Epiphany, and solemnly proclaimed by a public crier, any violation of the Yule-peace is visited with double or treble punishment The Courts are closed; old quarrels are adjusted; old feuds are forgotten ; while on the Yule-evening the shoes, great and small, of the entire house hold, are set close together in a row, that during the coming year the family may live together in peace and harmony. To this pacific Christian conception of the Christmas-time not a few pagan elements have been added, which are clearly traceable, as we shall see, to the old German " Twelve Nights" and the Roman Saturnalia. Hence ita mirth and festivity, its jesting and feasting, its frolic and license. The decoration and illumination of our Christian churches recall the temples of Saturn radiant with burning tapers and resplen dent with garlands. The "merry Christmas" responds to the bona Saturnalia, and our modern Christmas presents to the dona amicis. All these customs have found their counterpart during the Christmas holidays in modern society. In Italy, at the present day, masters and servants not unfrequently meet, and are seated at a com mon Christmas table ; while among the English aristocracy the " huge hall table," at least in the times when Scott sang of the Christmas-tide, Bore then upon ita surface broad No mark to part the squire and lord. Nor do we fail to find the outcroppings of the freedom snd license of the old Saturnalia even in Protestant England and Puritanic Scotland. In the stalwart times of "good Queen Bess," the Christmas holidays lasted over a month. Those were the palmy- days of the Christmas-tide, when the mystic mistletoe bough, as now, conferred upon amorous swains a charter for kissing as " broad as the wind," when the Christmas logs flamed and roared, when boars' heads and barbe cues smoked, and fun and frolic, and boisterous mirth raged furiously through the "wee short hours" until the sky turned round. Then it was that the Lord of Misrule or Abbot of Unreason was the autocrat of the Christmas-time, when, clothed with the same powers as the lord of the Feast of Asses in France, he enjoyed the right to say with impunity whatever he chose, to whomsoever he pleased, even to hooting the minister during divine service, when the congre gation would frequently desert the church in a body, to join the roistering revelers under his capricious command. IN GERMANY. In Germany the Christmas holidays appear to have been substituted for the old pagan festival of the " Twelve Nights," which extended from the 25th of December to the 6th of January. But while a pagan festival might be trans formed into a Christian holiday, there was no place in a system of theism, unless in its poesy, for the pantheon of pagan gods. These were therefore either relegated to oblivion, or meta morphosed into demons, witches, and ghosts, are now supposed to have special power to work mis chief, particularly during the Christmas-time. Hulda, once the producing night of spring, now bewitches the distaff of lazy spinner-girls. Odin, the god of fecundity, who formerly pursued with impetuous ardor the fair and beautiful Freija, now, as the wild huntsman of hell, sweeps through the air with hia devilish crew, foretell ing future wars, or portending coming calamity. The once resplendant Berchta, now a malevolent witch, hung with cow- bells, and disguised with a horrid wooden mask, has become the bug-bear of children, aa she mutters from house to house, Children or bsoon, Else I don't go away. A singular rumor of sea-birds, during the nights of November and December, in the island of Schonen, is still known aa the hunting of Odin. IN BAVARIA. In the Bavarian and Styrian Alps the Twelve Nights are called " Rumor Nights," on account of their visions of ghosts and hobgoblins, when priests and prudent housewives, with prayer and invocation, holy water and burning incense, fumigate dwelling and outhouse, and sprinkle their cattle with salt Hence these nights were also called " Fumigating Nights." As an addi tional protection against "witches' feet" and "devils' paws," the initia'sof the holy magicians were formerly inscribed upon the door-posts. On the dreaded Twelfth Night, when Frau Holle, or Berchta, issues with her fearful train from her wild mountain home, where she dwells among the dead, she is generally preceded by the faithful Eckhart, an old man with a long beard and a white wand, who warns everyone of her terrible approach. There ia a pretty legend related by Von Reins berg, in his "Festliche Jahr," that on one occasion the good Eckhart met two little children, who, coming out of a beer shop with a pot of beer, were overtaken by the fearful troop, who drank all the beer. Having no money to buy more, and apprehensive of punishment, they cried bitterly, when the faithful Eckhart com forted them with the assurance that, if they would never tell what they had seen, their pot would always be brimful of beer. And so it was, until their parents prevailed upon the chil dren to divulge the mysteriuua secret, when the miraculous gift disappeared. As with Christmas aa a holiday, so with many of its characters and customs. If not of pagan origin, they constitute a curious medley of paganism and Christianity. Thia is particularly true among the German-, who ware atroogly attached to their old religious ceremonies. The Christ-child, with his gifts and masked attendant all belong to the German antiquity. In the pro cession of the star-singers the three kings re place the pagan gods. Only the names have been changed, while the custom has received the rites of a Christian baptism. The German custom of some one going, in a state of nudity, at midnight on Christmas-eve, to bind the fruit trees with ropes of straw, or of frugal housewives shaking the crumbs from the table-cloth around their roots in order that they may become more fruitful, clearly points to the mysterious influence attributed by the ancient Germans to the time of the Twelve Nights. In the Tyrol the fruit trees, for a similar reason, are Boundly beaten. In Bohemia they are vio lently shaken during the time of the midnight mass ; while in other localities they are regaled with the remains of the Christmas supper, to which they had been previously and specially invited. A Bimilar custom, probably of German origin, still prevails in some parts of England. In Devonshire a corn cake and some hot cider are carried into the orchard, and there offered up ti the largest apple-tree as the king of the orchard, while those who take part in the sin gular ceremony join lustily in the chorus:— Bear good apples and pears enoug*— Barns full, bags full, sacks full I Hurrah 1 hurrah I hurrah I Mistletoe and holly, Yule-log and Yule-candle, belong to the same category. The mistletoe was regarded by the Druids with religious veneration, and its berries of pearl, as symbolic of purity, were associated by them with the rites of mar riage. From this the transition was but Blight to the lover's kiss beneath ita mystic bough during the Christmas-tide. At this festive sea son also they kindle bonfires upon the bill-tops. Nor must we forget that our pagan progenitors burned a great log and a mammoth candle upon the 21st of December, which, being the shortest day in the year, was regarded as the turning point in the conflict between the contending forces of winter and spring. Advent is the herald of Christmas. In Pro testant as well as Catholic countries choristers and school-boys during the "holy nights" go from house to house singing songs or Christmas carols, with which to usher in the auspicious day. In the south of Germany they accompany the singing by knocking at the doors with a little hammer, or throwing pease, beans, or lentils at the Windows. Hence the origin of tha name of "knocking nights." IN BOHEMIA. In Bohemia, Styria, Carniola, and other Ger man provinces it is customary for a number of persons to associate themselves together in a dramatic company and perform Christmas plays during Advent The story of the Saviour's birth, his persecution by Herod, and the flight of the Holy Family into Egypt constitutes the simple plot The dramatis persona!, as well as the performance, vary somewhat according to the locality. Usually, however, they consist of the Christ-child, St. Nicholas or St. Peter, St Joseph and the Virgin, Herod, the varlet Ru precht, several angels, together with shepherds and other less conspicuous personages. The devil is notably the merriest character in the play. Before the representation begins he capers about through the village—a sort of peripatetic play-bill—furiously blowing bis horn, and fright ening or bantering both old and young. During the performance, though figuring in the rather humble rdle of a messenger, he does not cease to joke with the players or rail at the public. A handsome youth of the strictest morals is usually Belected to represent the Virgin Mary. The prologue and epilogue are sung by an angel. As the whole stage apparatus often con sists of only a straw- bottomed chair and a wooden stool, every change of scene is indicated by a procession of the whole company singing an appropriate song; after which only those who take part in the next act remain standing, while the remainder go off singing. These dramatic representations are often very simple, or only fragmentary, consisting, it may be, of a troop of boys and girls disguised as shepherds and shepherdesses, who go about sing ing shepherd songs, thus announcing the ap proaching advent of our Saviour. At other times they are performed from house to house, and are associated with the distribution of Christmas presents. In such cases they are made the occasion of a solemn inquest into the conduct of the children, and constitute in Ger many—which appears to be at onoe tbe paradise and purgatory of Christmas-loving juveniles—a potential auxiliary of pedagogic and parental discipline. The archangel Gabriel, it may be, first appears upon the scene, and thus announces his ad vent :— " May God give you a happy good-evening t I am his messenger, sent from angel-land. My name is Gabriel. In my hands I bear the sceptre which the Son of God has given me. On my head I wear the crown with which the Son of God has crowned me." Thereupon the Christ-child, wearing a gilded paper crown, and carrying a basket full of apples and nuts, enters, singing the song commencing, " Down from the high heaven I come," and greets the company with a similar saluta tion. In the course of his song he informs the children that the object of his coming ia to learn whether they have been good and obedient, and if they " pray and spin diligently." If so, they are to be rewarded with gifts from his golden chariot which stands at the door ; if not, their backs are to be belabored with rods. St Peter or St Nicholas, as the case may be, is then called in to furnish a faithful account of the children's deportment. If it be St Nicholas, he enters with a long staff or crozier in his hand, and a bishop's mitre of gilt paper upon his head. His report is not usually a flattering one. On then way from school the children loiter in the streets, they tear their books, neglect their tasks, and forget to say their prayers ; and as a penance for all this evil-doing, he recommends a liberal application of the rod. The Christ-child inter poses almost aupplicatingly. "Ab-Nicholas, forbear. Spare the little child. Spare tiie young blood I" The two then join with the angel in singing a' song, when St Peter iB summoned, who promptly enters, jingling his keyß. The saint, who rather plumes himself on hia high office of heavenly janitor, carries matters with a high hand. He examineß the children's copy-books, it may be, bids them kneel down and pray, and then, by virtue of hia high prerogative, pronounces sen tence upon the unfortunant delinquents, and calls upon the black, Ruprecht, who etanda waiting outside the door, to execute his orders. Ruperns, Ruperus, enter? The children will not be obedient The frightful bugbear, dressed in fur, and covered with chains, with blackened face and fiery eyes, and a long red tongue protruding out of his mouth, stumbleß over the threshold, brandishing an enormous birch, and as he falls headlong into the room, roars out to the children, " Can you pray ?" Whereupon they fall upon their knees and repeat their prayers at the top of their voices. The five heavenly visitors, standing in a half circle, then sing another song or two descriptive of the heavenly joys, or freighted with wholesome advice to both children and parents. The latter give them in return a few farthings, while the Christ- child scatters apples and nuts here and there upon the floor for the further edification of the children, and then Christ-child, St Nicholas, St Peter, the archangel Gabriel, and devil exeunt. ST. NICHOLAS. St Nicholas, as all the world knows, is the patron of children, with whom he is the most popular saint in the calendar. Bishop of Myra, In Lycia, in the times of Constantino the Great, if we ore to credit the Roman breviary, he sup plied three destitute maidens with doweries by secretly leaving a marriage-portion for each at their window. Hence the popular fiction that he is the purveyor of presents to children on Christmas-eve. He usually makes hia appear ance as an old man with a venerable beard, and dressed as a bishop, either riding a white horse or an ass, and carrying a large bosket on bis arm, and a bundle of rods-in bis hand. In some parts of Bohemia he appears dressed up in a sheet instead of a surplice, with a crushed pillow on his head instead of a mitre. On his calling out, "Wilt thou pray?" all tbe children fall upon their knees, whereupon he lets fall some fruit upon the floor and disappears. In this manner he goes from house to house, sometimes ringing a bell to announce his arrival, visits the nurseries, enquires into the conduct of the children, praises or admonishes them, as the case may be, dis tributing sweetmeats or rods accordingly. SANTA CLAUS. Bt. Nicholas is the Santa Claus of Holland, and the Samiklaus of Switzerland, and the SSn ner Kits of Helgoland. In the Voralberg he is known as Zemmiklas, who threatens to put naughty children into his hay- sack ; in Nether Austria as Niklo, or Niglo, who is followed by a masked servant called Krampus; while in the Tyrol he goes by the name of the " Holy Man," and shares the patronage of his office with St. Lucy, who distributes gifts among the girls, as he among the boys. Sometimes he is accom panied by the Christ-child. In many parts of Switzerland, Germany, and the Netherlands St Nicholas still distributes his presents on St. Nicholas'-eve—the Sth of De cember—instead of on Christmaa-eve. In the Netherlands and adjoining provinces he is espe cially popular, and is perhaps the only saint who haa maintained his full credit, even among the Protestants. For days previous to his expected advent busy housewives have been secretly con spiring with the bakers in gilding nuts, cakes, and gingerbread, and torturing pastry, prepared with flour, sugar, honey, spices, and sweetmeats, into the most fantastical forms, from which the good saint may from time to time replenish his supplies. As to the children, St Nicholas or Blinder Klaas is the burden of their prayers, the staple of their dreams, and the inspiration of their songs. As they importune bim to let fall from the chimney-top some pretty gift into their little aprons, they go on singing with childish fervor, Sttnd-r Klaas dn gods Bloot! Brent* mi Nobt un Zuckerbrod, Nioht to veel un nieh to mlnn Smlet in mine Schbrten In I IN BELGIUM. In Belgium, on the eve of the good bishop's aerial voyage is his pastoral visitation of his bishopric of chimney-tops, the children polish their shoes, and after filling them with hay, oats, or carrots for the saint's white horse, they put them on a table, or set them in the fire-place. The room is then carefully closed and the door locked. Next morning it is opened in the pre senoe of the assembled household, when mirabile dictul the furniture is found to be turned topsy turvy, while the little shoes, instead of horse's forage, are filled with sweetmeats and toys for the good children, and with rods for the bad ones. In some places wooden or China shoes, stockings, baskets, cups and saucers, and even bundles of hay, are placed in the chimney, or by the side of the bed, or in a corner of the room, as the favorite receptacles of St. Nicholas' pre sents. IN FRANCE. In France, though New-Year's is generally observed rather than Christmas for the distribu tion of presents, it is the Jisus bambin who eomea with a convoy of angels loaded with books and toys with which to fill tha expectant little shoes, that tiny hands have so carefully arranged in the fire-place. In Alsace he is represented by a young maiden dressed in white, with hair of lamb's wool hanging down upon her shoulders, and her face whitened with flour, while on her head she wears a crown of gilt paper set round with burning tapers. In one hand she holds a silver bell, in the other a basket full of sweet meats. Sbe is tbe messeuger of joy to all chil dren, but that joy ia usually changed into terror on the appearance of Hans Trapp, the Alwcian Ruprecht The bugbear, on entering, demands in a hoarse voice which of the children have not been obedient, walking np toward them in a threatening manner, while tbey, trembling and crying, seek to hide themselves aa best they may from the impending storm. But the Christ child intercedes for them, and, upon their pro mis-ag to bacons better in tha future, leads them up to the brilliantly illuminated Christmas tree loaded with presents, which Boon make them oblivious of the frightful Hans Trapp. THE BOGIE. From what precedes, it will appear that the bugbear Ruprecht, under different names and disguises, plays a conspicuous part among German-speaking populations in the Christmas festivities. In the Tyrol the terrible Klaubauf accompanies St. Nicholas, who kidnaps naughty children and stows them away in his basket In Lower Austria it is the frightful Krampus, with hia clanking chains and horrible devil's mask, who, notwithstanding his gilded nuts and apples, gingerbread and toys, which he carries in bis basket, iB the terror of the nursery. In the Bohemian Netherlands Rumpanz figures as the bugbear in the train of the Christ-child. Three young men disguise themselves, one as an angel, another as the devil, and the third as a he-goat The latter catches and holds wicked children, who do not say their prayers, upon bis horns, in order that the devil may beat them with hia rod. In Alsace Ruprecht, as already intimated, is represented by Hans Trapp. In Suabia the Christ-child is accompanied by the Pelzmaert, who carries an old bell, and an earthen pot con taining the presents; while throughout Northern Germany it is customary in the rural districts for a black-bearded peasant, wrapped in straw, to go from house to house asking the children if they know how to pray, rewarding those who can with gingerbread, apples, and nuts, and pun ishing unmercifully those who can not In Hanover, Holstein, and Mecklenburg he is known as Claa. In Silesia hia name is Joseph. Sometimes the Christmas bugbear carries a rod, at the end of which is fastened a sack full of ashes, with which he beats the children, and is therefore called Ashy Claws. At others he rides a white horse, called in some localities the " Spanish stallion," and not unfrequently he is accompanied by a bear wrapped in straw. On the island of Usedom three figures belong to the procession of Ruprecht. One wrapped in straw bears the rod and cinder-bag, or ash-sack. The second appears as the rider of the "Spanish Btallion." The third carries the Klapperbock. This consists of a pole over which is drawn a buckskin. To the extremity of the pole a ram'B head ia attached, from the nether jaw of which a cord passes through the upper jaw and thence into the throat, so that when the bearer pulls the cord the jaws rattle or clatter. With this Klapperbock, which in Denmark, under the name of the Julbock or Yule-buck, is the unfailing accompaniment of the Yule-time, they threaten and frighten the children. In the Harz a similar scarecrow, called the Haberaack, consiste of a hay-fork, between the prongs of whioh a broom is attached so as to present the appearance of a head with horns, while the body is made up of a sheet with a man under it. In former times there was also a female bug bear. In Lower Austria she was called the Budelfrau. In Suabia it was the Berohtel, who chastised children that did not spin diligently with rodß, but rewarded the industrious with dried pears, apples, and nuts. In the environs of Augsburg the Buzebercht with her blackened face and streaming hair and flaunting rags, accompanied St Nicholas, besmearing every one ahe met with the contents of her starch-pot; while in the Bohmerwalde, or Bohemian Forest, St Lucy, under the form of a goat covered with a sheet, through which the horns project, is to this day the terror of lazy or undutiful children. On Sylvester's-day or New Year's Eve the procession of the " Spanish stallion," cinderbag, and Klapperbock is supplemented in Fatherland by the Wtpelrdt. This consists of a wheel made of willow, in the centre of which there is a gilded ornament that flashes like a star. At the extremity of the spokes on the exterior of the rim there is a succession of spikes, upon which apples are stuck. Just after midnight the bearer throws it into the house of his lady- love, de manding a token in return. He then fires a pistol and runs away at the top of his speed, pursued by the inmates of the house, who, if he ia caught and brought back, compel bom to drink Rotwasser, and ride astride of the pot-hanger. Christmas masks of a somewhat similar character are in vogue in Naples, and, unless we are mis taken, also in Sicily. FORTUNE-TELLING. Time would fail to apeak of the many singular customs and quaint superstitions associated with the Christmas holidays. In some places, as in Suabia, it is customary for maidens, inquisitive as to their prospective lovers, to draw a stick of wood out of a heap to see whether he will be long or short, crooked or straight. At other times they will pour melted lead into cold water, and from the figures formed will prognosticate the trade or profession of their future husbands. If they imagine they see a plane, or last, or a pair of shears, it signifies that he ia to be a car penter, a shoe-maker, or tailor ; while a hammer or pickaxe indicates a smith or a common laborer. The maidens of Pfullingen, when they wish to ascertain which of them will first become a wife, form a circle, and place in their midst a blind folded gander, and the one to whom he goes first will soon be a bride; while the Tyrolese peasants, on the " knocking nights," listen at the baking ovens, and if they hear music, it signifies an early wedding, but if the ringing of beUa, it forebodes the death of the listener. Among many others, a favorite mode of forecasting the future is to sit upon the floor and throw one's Bhoe with the foot over the shoulder, and then to predict from the position it aaaumee what ia about to transpire. The superstition that cattle kneel at midnight on Chriatmae-eve, in recognition of the anniver sary of the Saviour's birth, ia still said to exist even in some parts of England; while the belief that water drawn at twelve o'clock on Christmas night ia miraculously turned into wine is no less widely diffused. In Mecklenburg it is not allow able to call certain animals by their right names, and he who does not say "long tail," for example, for fox, pays a forfeit IN POLAND. In Poland, and elsewhere, it is believed that on Christmas- night the heavens are opened, and the scene of Jacob's ladder is re-enacted, but it is only permitted to tbe saints to see it Through- out Northern Germany the tables are spread and lights left burning during the entire night, that the Virgin Mary, and the angel who passes when everybody Bleeps, may find something to eat. In certain parts of Austria they put candles in the windows, that the Christ-child may not stumble in passing through the village. There ia also a wide-spread opinion that a pack of wolves, which were no other than wicked men transformed into wolves, committed great havoc upon Christmas night. Taking advantage of this superstition, it waa not unusual for rogues, disguised in wolf skins to attack honest people, rifle their houses, sack their cellars, and drink; or Bteal all their beer. As a specific charm, no doubt, against these wolfish depredations, it was customary in Austria, up to a recent date, after high mass on Christmas-night, to sing in a particular tone, to the Bound of the large bell, tiie chapter of the generation of Jesus Christ THE CHRISTMAS TREE. The Christmas-tree is doubtless of German origin. Though in its present form it is com paratively of recent date, yet its pagan prototype enjoyed a very high antiquity. The early Ger mans conceived of the world as a great tree whose roots were hidden deep under the earth, but whose top, flourishing in the midst of the Walhalla, the old German paradise, nourished the she-goat upon whose milk fallen heroes restored themselves. Yggdnafil was the name of this tree, and its memory was still green long after Christianity had been introduced into Germany, when much of its symbolic character was trans ferred to the Christmas-tree. At first fitted up during the Twelve Nights in honor of Berchta, the goddess of spring, it was subsequently trans ferred to the birth-day of Chrißt, who, as the God-man, ia become the " reaurrection and the life" The evergreen fir- tree, an emblem of spring-time, became the symbol of an eternal spring. The burning lights were to adumbrate Him who ia the "light of the world," and the gifts to remind us that God, in giving His only Son for the world's redemption, conferred upon us the most priceless of all gifts. This symbolism extended also to the most usual of Christmas presents, apples, and nuts; the former being considered as an emblem of youth, the latter aa a profound symbol of spring, while the "boy's legs" relate to Saturn, who devoured his own children, and the Kr&pfel; to the thunder Btone of Thor. Until within the present century the Christ mas-tree was regarded as a distinctive Protestant custom. The reformers, in order to separate themselves more completely from the Catholic Church, dispensed with its rites, ceremonies, and customs, and those of the Christmas holidays among the rest. The Krippe, or holy manger, which was considered a distinctively Catholic institu tion, strangely enough, was supplanted by an old pagan custom of -immemorial antiquity and kindred significance. To invest the festival with additional importance in the eyes of children, the distribution of holiday presents waa trans ferred from the sth to the 24th of December, or from St.-Nicholas'-eve to Christmas-eve. Such was to origin. Now the Christmas-tree, radiant with light, and loaded with ita rich variety of golden fruit, is not only to be found everywhere throughout Germany, but haa taken root, and become acclimated from the Alps to the Ural, and from the Kiolen to the Apennines ; beneath Italian suns, and amidst Lapland snows; alike on the banks of the Neva and the Po, the Missi sippi and the Thames—in truth, wherever Ger man civilisation has penetrated, or German Pro testantism prevails. The presepio, or manger, has, however, main tuned its pre-eminence in Roman Catholic countries. It is said to owe its origin to St. Francis, who constructed the first one in 1223. Subsequently the custom spread throughout Italy, and afterward Germany and the Nether lands. The presepii vary in size and expensive ness from the rude wooden figures of the Alpine goat-herd, cut out with his own hands during the long winter evenings, to the pretentious representation of the wealthy burgher, with its exquisite carving and gilding, velvet drapery and cloth of gold, costing thousands of crowns. In many churches the whole parish contribute to the expense of fitting up the presepio, while Moribund misers do not forget to endow it with a legacy in their last will and testament. The holy family occupy the foreground. In the manger reposeß the Bambino, over whom St. Joseph, holding the {bouquet, and the Virgin, dressed in satin and lace, with blue veil and eiiver crown, bend admiringly. Around kneel sundry shepherds in the act of adoration; while overhead angels with golden wings float among the clouds, and chant the Gloria in Ex celsis. A silver star, with its comet-like trail, directs the approach of the Eastern magi, who, with their brilliant retinue of horsemen and attendants, dazzle the eyes of the juvenile spec tators with their Oriental pomp and pageantry. Here a ragged beggar stretches out a beseeching palm, and there a devout hermit kneels before a rustic chapel. In the background rise the mountains, dotted with villas and chalets, with flocks of sheep and goats grazing here and there upon the grassy slopes, while peasants are every where seen approaching, bearing the products of the farm, the dairy, and the chase as their simple offerings to the new-born child. Just opposite a tribune has been erected, from which dapper little boyß and dainty little girls, greatly to the edification of indulgent parents, recite, or rather Intone, selections of poetry and prose appropriate to the festive occasion. IN ITALY. The Bambino is the Santa Claus of Italy. It is not unusual, however, among the Italians for the children to accompany their parents in their "shopping" during the week preceding Christmas, with a view of selecting their own presents. Meanwhile the streets are transformed into fairs, and every public square becomes a bazaar. Then there is the presepio in the churches and private families, and the midnight ma s on Christmas eve, when the Bambino, held up in front of the high altar by the officiating priest, is devoutly kissed by the faithful, while old and young emu late the choir in singing that beautiful pastoral hymn, commencing Fr* 1* orrido rigor di stagion crnda Nacesti mk> Gssu sails -m.^-.-.. Of the services in tha churches, bowww, it f» not our purpose to speak, unless incidentally, aa our main object has been to illustrate Chri-tmas in its social aspects. One of the principal features of the holiday ia the grand Christinas dinner, which begins early and lasts late, bo that Christmas night in Italy is fairly entitled to the not very elegant epithet of Vollbauchsdbend, as applied by the Holateinera to their Christmas meal after the midnight mass. The rich feast right royally, and the poor, who can afford to eat meat but once a year, must have it for the Christmas dinner. In anticipa tion of thia, it iB customary for everyone who has turned a hand for you during the year, to call upon you in advance of the Christmas holi days for their buonafcsta. The buona festa varies from two to fifty francs, and occasionally more. Sometimes, instead of calling in person, the more aristocratic, as the portiers of the Bourse, will Bend your their carte de visile, with the compliments of the season, but they would consider it as rather a grim joke if you were simply to send yours in return. A similar custom prevails in England. The bellman jjjoes round at midnight ringing his bell, and rattling off a stanza or two, for the gratuity which he confidently anticipates ; while watch men, firemen, rate collectors, postmen, chimney sweeps, street scavengers, the errand boys of your baker, butcher, poultry merchant, and green grocer, even to the hired singers in the churches, all expect their Christmas-box. IN SPAIN. In Spain Christmas iB observed, we understand, very muoh as it is in Italy, the Christmas dinner playing a very conspicuous part In Russia, though St. Nicholas iB a special favorite, and they have the Christmas-tree, and services in tbe churches, all special ceremonies are reserved for the Easter holidays and Epiphany. IN SCANDANAVIA. a On the other hand, throughout the Scandina vian countries, the Yule-time iB the gayest and lnerrießfc season of the year. It begins on Christ mas, and continues until Epiphany, and is given up, for the moat part, to feasting, dancing, and merry-making. During this time no heavy work is to be done. The watch-dog is unchained, the cattle receive an extra allowance of fodder, and the birds some generous handfuls of seed. In the rural districts the tables are spread and left standing, loaded with the substantial good cheer of the season, together with the indispensable national dishes, Yule-groats and Yule- buck or Yule-boar—a species of bread, on which is repre sented a boar or ram. Every visitor is expected to partake of something, otherwise he is believed to take away with him the Yule-ioy. In many places the floor of the festive hall ia strewn with rye straw, called Yule straw, which possesses the miraculous property of preserving poultry from witchcraft, and cattle from distemper. Over the dining-table hangs suspended from the ceiling an ornamental straw cock. The family go singing to and from the table, while a light u left burn ing the entire night, and should it accidentally go out, some one in the house will surely die during the coming year. In Lapland and Norway it is still customary to set a cake in the snow as a Christmas offering, intended originally, in all probability, to propi tiate some pagan divinity, as it dates back to the times of Thor the Thunderer. Nor must we omit to speak of the Yule-club, which was for merly suspended by a ribbon over the table, to be played by the guests in order to decide about the drink, nor of the Yule-cock, a cock made of the Yule-straw, whioh was played in a -imilsr manner. In Sweden and Denmark, the Julklapp,or Christmas-box, enclosed in innumerable wrap pers, and labelled with the name of the person for whom it is intended, is suddenly thrown into the room by some unseen, mysterious messenger, who accompanies it with a loud ran upon the door. No little ingenuity is frequently exhibited in the selection of the envelope enolosing the present Sometimes an elegant vase is inclosed in a monster bale, or a costly brooch in a great straw boot, or some valuable ornament in an earthenware hen. During the evening all aorta of messengers, in all possible and impossible disguises, some in masks, some in female attire, some aa cripples on crutches, others as postilions, on horseback, hurry hither and thither, and de liver the presents in the most unexpected and mysterious manner. The Yule-klapp is not un frequently accompanied by a biting epigram or satirical allusion, like the valentine. Thus, a lady extravagantly fond of dress is liable to be presented with a ridiculously dressed doll, or a newly-married couple who are rather demonstra tive in their billing and cooing, with a pair of young turtle-doves. In the larger towns and cities, as in Stock holm, they hold a great fair. The shops are richly decorated and splendidly iUuminated. There are family reunions, where children re ceive their presents and adults their Yule-klapps, while in the midst of the festive scene rises a Christmas-tree, with its rich burden of flowers, fruits, and sweetmeats, and brilliant with bum. ing wax-lights. IN ENGLAND. Christmas in England is scarcely the shadow of its former merry, brilliant self, when all classes of society, united around a common banquet- table, indulged in the most unrestrained joviality and merriment The wassail* bowl, that once played so conspicuous a part at tile Christmas banquet, has become obsolete, while the old time toasts of " Drinc heil," or " Was hail," from which the bowl derives its name, has given place to the modern "Come, here's to you," or "I'll pledge you." Then, too, the singing of Christinas carols, which was once so popular even at Court, has greatly fallen into disuse, and is now principally confined to the lower classes. Even the traditional mistletoe, around which gathers so much of poesy and romance, and under which coy maidens coquet tishly courted the kiss of their present or pros pective lovers, now excluded from the churches as a relic of paganism, haa been banished by slow degrees from its high post of favor; while the Yule- block, or Christmas-log, with ita warm welcome, extending even to the poor and tha stranger aa they gathered around the hospitable * rasia«..Wam_fewtthaif_«aoa_i_f tkant-. board, is being gradually supplanted by the Christmas-tree, whose introduction into England ii comparatively of recent date. But if the Lord of Misrule has been the loser, Christian civilisation has been the gainer, in a more rational observance of the Christmas festi vities in England. The Christmas-tree sheds its mellow radiance over a more quiet but not less enjoyable scene. Churches and home sanctuaries robe themselves in evergreen holly, ivy, and laurel. Generous rations of beef and bread are distributed to the parish poor on Christinas-eve by jewelled hands, while the Christmas bells still ring out their silvery chimes on the crisp morn ing air joyfully and cheerfully. Nor is there wanting a spicy flavor of the old-time feasting and frolic, when there was brought in the lusty brawn By old blue-coated serving man: Then the grim boar's head frowned on high, Crested with bays and ro-mary, • * • . •" • * While round tbe merry wassail bowl, Garnished with ribbons, blithe did trowL To say nothing of the roast beef and plum pudding, Christmas pies, furmity,* and snap dragons, the Yule-log and the mistletoe have not finally abdicated, while the boar's head, deco rated with rosemary or prickly holly, maintains its place at the English Christmas dinner, and is still served up in great Btate at the royal Christ mas table. THE YULE-LOG. Formerly the Yule-log, a huge section of the birch, was cut from a tree selected on Candle, mas-day, which so late as the time of Queen Elisabeth, was the last day of the Christmas holidays. On the following Christmas-eve it was dragged in and placed upon the hearth with great ceremony, the merry-makers pulling with a will, and singing the while tha modernised Christmas carol, commencing, Come, bring with a noise, My merrie, merrie boys, The Christmas-log to ths firing. It was then kindled with a brand from last year's Christmas fire, which, if it waa not thus kept continually burning, still linked the merry making of one Christmas-time to that of another. In Ramßgato, Kent, and the Isle of Thanet, the custom styled "hodening" is still in vogue. The " hoden," which appears to be a cross be tween the " white horse" and the Klapperbock of the Germans, is accompanied by a number of youths, in fantastio dress, who go round from door to door, ringing bells and singing Christmas carols. The Christmas mummers, that carry us back to the old Morality Plays, the origin of the modern English drama, may yet be found in Cornwall and Gloucestershire. The players are for the most part plough boys or country " bump kins," variously masked and grotesquely-dressed, who, tricked out with swords and gilt paper hats, go about on Christmas-eve from house to house, and, wherever received, giving a rude dramatic performance styled a Mystery. Our limited space will not permit us to speak of Christmas customs in Scotland, which, how ever—making due allowance for difference in temperament—are quite similar to those of Eng land. There are the Yule-log and carol singers, the mummers, or guisarts, the mince-pies and plum porridge, with the added " Yule-dow" and wad shooting." Nor may we, for the same reason, enlarge upon those of the Emerald Isle, where "purty colleens" seek four-leaved sham rocks on " Christmas-axe;" where the haggard banshee, sure precursor of impending evil, with wrinkled visage and great melancholy eyes, and white hair streaming in the wind, sweeps through the glen, or gleams out of the darkness ; where n' h priests brew the whisky punoh and bless ith a grace, while the lads and the lasses " fut" the merry jig with mirthful uproar, until the burning lights grow pale and the glowing peat burns low. Of Christmas in the New World we need not speak at all, since its customs, for the most part, have been transplanted from the Old, although necessarily modified by the difference of climate. Even the negroes of Jamaica elect themselves a king and queen of misrule, and indulge in Christ mas masks and mummers. Our own Cristmaa tree comes from Germany, our Santa Claus from Holland; the Christmas stocking from Belgium or France; while the " Merry Christmas and happy New Year" was the old English greeting shouted from window to street, and from street back to window, in the " long, long ago."— From Harper's Monthly. * A kind of thick snd highly-flavored barley water. The Mistletoe Bouoh.—" A song, better known some years ago than now, has long been associated in my mind with a tradi tion handed down to me from an ances tress. It was this :—There was merry-making at Christmas in the old family hall, and amateur theatricals were performing. In one of the scenes it was necessary to represent a funeral. Accordingly, one of the young ladies present personated the dead girl, and was lowered into an old oak chest, and the lid closed over her. Whan the scene was finished, the party raised the lid, expecting to find the young lady as she was when placed in the chest—alive and happy, but, to the horror and grief of all, she waa dead ! Never again were private theatricals enacted in that house, for the judgment of God was sup posed to have been manifested in the event, and the family (said to have been previously given to 'gaiety and disregard of serious subjects) therefore became noted for its strict per formance of religious duties. The corres pondent's ancestress related tbe fact to her son, he to her grand-daughter, she to the correspondent The ancestress here re ferred te was Dorothy Noel, daughter of tiie Rev. W. Noel, Rector of Ridlington, and niece to the first Baron Noel, her father's eldest brother. She married a Mr. Reynolds, and her son was named John William Noel Reynolds. As Mrs. Reynolds (nie Noel) was born in 1693, and would be a woman in 1713, the tragedy must have occurred between the two dates, since she stated she was present as a girl at the pri vate theatricals so melancholy in their result The house was always aaid to have been Exton Hall, the seat of the Noel-, and it is believed that the i uins still exist of that edifice in which the never-forgotten accident — "Notes "3mm Qmeries, 4th a, No. 183. 