OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. AVEWKSIUX, NOTHXHRR. lo. ' 'I>K .Ministerial elcotipnf>s «o; loyer,' and two ofjtUe new ¡Ministers have I been ''defeated. These two gentlemen were tho Jätest selections of Sir .Tames M'Culloch, and it was at the time considered doubtful whether they co\ild secure'their seats if they accepted office. After reflection, however (tlie wish being fnther to tlie thought), they came to thc conclusion that they could win, and so they ventured, but had evidently miscalculated tho force and elicct of cir- cumstances which had lately damaged each of them somewhat' with sections of his constituents. Tho defeat of Mr. Jones, the Commissioner for Hail way s, was, the most decisive ! but - he had made remarks' in Parliament which;(were- « 'Interpreted offensively as to tho character of the meetings among his own constituents when they assembled to support his colleague, Major Smith', . the late, Minister for Mines, and their passions being appealed to by thc "liberal " candidato and his party to resent this in- dignity, they resented it accordingly. Moreover, he had alienated the Catholics who supported him at the last election. So also with the Solicitor-Goneral. Although a Catholic himself, ho docs not come up to the standard required by the priesthood, and they had therefore withdrawn from him thoir support-in' fact the order had gone forth that the Catholic vote ' was not to be given to Dr. Madden. In the other two contests, those for the seats occupied, by Sir James M'Culloch for Warrnambool, and Mr. Ramsay (the Minister of Education) for East Bourke, tho Catholic vote was given to thc Opposition candi- dates, but it did not iirerent the Ministers.winning by almost two to one. Of course the Opposition .journals claim the victories of their t wo men at Bal- larat and West Bourke ns something ruinous to the Ministry-in fact, as the expression of the voice of the country ; ignoring the fact that seven out of the nine Ministers ore re-elected, that in five cases.it was known that no Opposition candidate would have had tlie ghost of a ohance, and that iu two cases all the efforts of the party were put fortk to'thcir utmost extent without beinç able to make a respeotab\e show. There can be no pohtical significance m ' any decision of the Ballarat .onstituencY with their passions roused to white heat. They returned the. notorious C. E, Jones by large majorities in the face of the .most damaging disclosures of his irregularities, and'affét . he had been expelled the Assembly. "We are too often reminded of the wide gulf which separates our colonial statesmen, from those of :the mother country, and tho recent Ministerial, ohanges have served ;to repent the disagreeable lesson^. It would be impossible to imagine such a thing as Mr, Gladstone, on retiring from office, going down inte Buckinghamshire, and -stumping it in opposition tc Mr. ? Disraeli ; or the latter holding ruoetings ir Greenwich on such an occasion aa Mr. Gladstone'! seeking re-election, if he should bc called, once mort to the head of the Government, on thc retirement'o: tho present Premier. The courtesies of statcsnianshir iu England demand that the retiring Ministers »hal smooth, the way for their successors, that the businesi of the country may not suffer ; but. in our case th< public business and the interests of the country ari about the last things to bc considered, if we couU only look at the matter from the point of view of tin lato Ministry. They are making tho one greai question. of tho day not the measures which ¿rt needed for-, the country's good, but whetker-Mf Berry and 'his"liite colleagues are not ' satitlet ' td; the otlices ? of State.' Mr, Berry had ,;.thi indelicacy ' to visit Warrnambool for thc 'pur .pose <»f addressing tile constituency, and canvassing the electors,'on behalf of Sir.James M'Culloch.'! 'Opponent, and others ol thc late.Mvhistcrs'havc boer making themselves conspicuous . as partisans > imd advooates of candidates who wero put up to ;oppdsi 'some- of the other Ministers. Instead bf smoothin; thc way for thc new Ministers in onlor that tin interests of the country may not be jeopardised Mr Berry threatens opeidy-and reiterates thc threat that no business shall bc transacted in Varliamon' until, there is a dissolution. He is evidently stil under the dolusion that the country is with bim, und hi boasted at Warrnambool that he still considered him self the Chief Secretary by thc will of the people although wrongfully dispossessed by the Acting Governor. 'Tliis boast was uttered in addressing t constituency who, on the' following day, polled ricarl) two to ono against him and'his nominee. ,; What is appropriately termed .our Camira week" commenced on Saturday last, and we ure now iu the thick of it. On this occasion, thc , number o visitors from tlie provinces-and from the neighbour ing colonies is probably greater than in any preriou year. The " Cup day," which has come to bi recognised os thc great national holiday, offered thi usual attractions ; but there were suporaddod to th; and the other racing days the Intercolonial Exhibi tion, and tho National Agricultural Society's grant spring ; show of three days, to say ? nothing o tho evening amusements, which are ju9t now ex treuicly, attractive to pleasure-seekers, including som farewell performances by Madame Ristori, in th Town Hall. The holidays commenced under rathe unfavourable auspices on Saturday, for the weathei whiehiiad been unsettled all the week, was, under going a paroxysm of change with squalls of blindin dust, followed by drenching rain, as thc: people wer lenying.town for the racecourse.t Numbers, of gail) dressed. ladies'who were in open. carriagos mtLst hov ^ suffered soverely, and the squalls during the aftcrnpo were very,trying. :.yesterday .was ¡ quite as disagree able ns fau ns dust was concerned at the time whe thc groat exodus , for .the. racecour.se, was takiii place, . but ¡it ' waa tolerably |> fine ' afterward! The crowd on thc, racecourse -was . probabl thc largest - eyer seen there, and there was i th usual lavish display of costlyitoilettes and'tho usiii heterogeneous collection bf the fraternity who live'b "ways that arc dark and tricks that are vain." 'Th grént eolonial public'were, as usual, the victims of th bookmakers ns well as thc small fry of gamesters, fe outsiders camed off the honours, and the bookmnkei curried off the plunder. , ' : Tlie squatters and graziers who are in Melbourn were presented with a strong inducement on Monda to invest in choice stock, for advantage wt taken of the season to dispose of the magn ficciit herd of shorthorns and the Clydesdal horses mid mares belonging to Mr. W. M'Cullocl who is leaving the colony for the benefit of his healtl The prices realised were large, although the cows an heifers do not appear to have fetched so much as w<i expected. Tlie buyers from the other colonies woi numerous, especially those from New South Wale; and the better part of the herd mil go to your colonj Regrets are expressed that so splendid a collection < animals should be dispersed. Thc, proceeds of th sale amounted to a fraction under £20,000. Th small but choice lot of draught horses were bough with one exception, by New South. Wales > stock owners, four of them fulling to Mr. F.Hill, of Sydne; and one to Mr. Warby, of Wagga Wagga. Abot twenty of the shorthorns were bought by New Sout Wales men. Conspicuous amongst our visitors, and notably s ou the race days, are lils Excellency Sir Hercult Robinson and lus party. His four-in-hand attract particular attention, for it.is only occasionally tilt any of our local celebrities aspire to a. turn-out of th kind. Sir Hercules' successes, as well as the tui news generally, will have become known and ha forgotten before this letter reacliCB tlie eyes of yon renders, so I need not repent any particulars. Some of our citizens, well-known in the limiting field, lately established the game of polo here b forming a polo club. Advantage was taken of th presence of our Sydney visitors : to get up a sort < intercolonial game on Monday, in which. Si Hercules Robinson, tho Hon. W. Ilely-Hutchinsoi Mr. F. Want, and Mr. A. Sullivan took part. Th Sydney party won tho first goal, the Victorians th second, and Sydney thc third. Tlie game appears t Live been well contested throughout, and afforde much pleasure to all parties. There were a few spill but nobody was seriously hurt. The great Liberal party is in a bad way. They ai strong enough to send "members to Parliament, bi the men in whom they place reliance are, as a rule, fi incapable that, though strong in numbera, they at too weak to govern, and so must submit to be led b somebody. As the Ballarat Star put it a day or tw ago, theii' pet representatives are, as a rulo, lions o tlie platform, but in Parliament they are asses. Henc the cry amongst them for a leader, and so one of tl: suburban brauche« of the Protection League too upon itself to solicit Mr. Higinbotham to come ot of his shell, mid lead them on through the conilii with the wealthy classes until the latter had bee brought to their' senses. Thc appeal elicited fro; Mr. Higinbotham a letter which is characteristic ( the sterling honesty of the writer ; but if there Í reason or reflection amongst tlie miscellaneous clai of soi-disant " Liberals," it should have somexffei iu curing them of their present delusion. He than! them' for theil invitation to conic forward as xii »leader of the Liberal party," proceeds in vei ambiguous terms to tell them that no such thu as. a .''.Liberal-.party ".. exists in this colony. -Il writes : " I havo lo my, thon, in reply to the ronuoat of yat h'auch mooting,-.thal thero cannot he a londor oxoont whom thore are followers, and that al thia moment tho Liberal party docs "not exist as a party in Victoria. A master ot polities has defined a political party to bo 'a body of mea i united for promoting by thoir joint endeavours tho national intorest, upon sonic principio in which thoy are »ll ngroed.' l>m not acquainted with half-n-dor.cn politicians m this country of whom it could now ho said, with any regard lo nccurnoy, that they constituted a ' party ' within this tho only natural and rational définition of the tenn. Thore are nota few publie men in Victoria who desire to promote tho national interest, hut they aro not united. There areothers who are united, but they aim at promoting' interests -quito different from, u>:d often hostile tc), national mtoimts. A. political party must exist hoforo it can hare » leader, and a party which shall not bo a faction or a Ctthnl can only form itself upon tho basis of j political opinions and principles regarding national into-' rests held in common by somo ronsiuornblo section of thai peoplo, and of tho representatives of tho people «ctine. in ! concert with one snolhor. So long; us tho oleotors of Vic-! toria cont inuo to be indifferent to questions that concern the i whole community, so long as thov return members to servo) in l'nrlinmont who aro valued chiefly for tho local advan-1 titgps they soeuro for their districts, or on account of their! Cersonal claims to tho esteem of their constituents, it will.' o vain, and, moreover, unjust to expect that members' of j Parliament shall actively and unitedly oxhibit, core for. national interests or7,oal for publie rights. Whenever the! peoplo awaken to a sense of tho grave social and political1 dangers that, threaten the futuro welfare of this country, a, majority of tho legislative Assomhlv will not ho slotrto¡ combino for tho purposo of discovering and of applying remedies. * * t " * . . "Caro fer national interests, ns dis! iugui.ihed from Ional' and personal interests, first on tho part of tho constituen- cies, and next on tho part of tho representatives of the constituencies in the Legislative Assembly, is, in my judg- ment, an essential condition precedent,nnd »-ill bo found to be tho only possible born's of union of a really liberal political party." Mr. Higinbotham's ideal ofn Liberal party implies, an. amount of honesty and intelligence amongst the people who lead and the people who follow in these political contests which may be one day realised, but that day appears to be very far distant at present. If from the contest which is now raging between the rival factions here wc could extract all that was selfish, either local or personal, wo should find that there was nothing left to quarrel about, and the dil'-! ferences of opinion upon the questions which con- cern the true interest, of thc country would lift found to bc quite insignificant and perfectly easy ofj adjustment. While changes of Ministors «re exciting the country, generally, tho annual change of mayors has lind a little| effect in exciting our civic burgesses. Mr. Gatehouse,; \tho retired from the mayoralty yesterday, had made himself somewhat offensively conspicuous of late iiü the attempts which have been made to introduce' Sunday amusements, and to break down the decorous' observance of the Sabbath which has hitherto been! characteristic, of Melbourne. Of course, every mau , and woman in thc community is at liberty to spend Sunday in their own way, provided they do not inter-) fere with the observance .of the day by others ; but! these " progressive " people, as they are fond of styling themselves, will not bc content unless they can force the authorities to open-our public institut tions on Sundays, andthe civic attthorities to let the' Town Hall forSundayconcerts, orsu-called"sacrcidre-. citais." On this'aceouiitMr. Gatehouse's re-election as councillor (for his tenn of 'office as representative of oiie of tho wards was about to expire as well as his' yenrs'-occupancy of the civic chair), was opposed br the religious bodies in Iiis ward, and he had to fightl his way back to the Council chamber, ne sue-; cecded iii beating his opponent by 70 votes, and this is claimed by the anti-sabbatarinu journals as fl triumph/ .'und'the religious people are warned to be quiet and to hide their diminished heads in future while the advocates of a "rational Sunday" work their own wills. This so-called triumph, however/ is more imaginary than real. For every eight votes polled by thc mayor his opponents polled seven, and when it' is considered that the opposition candidate was scarcely known in the waru while the mayor went to the poll, with all the influence wliich the prestige of office gave him, and with idl thc additional advantage which necessarily resulted from his lavish hospitalities of late, the woiidor rather is that so large a proportion' of the constituency felt conipelled to record their votes against him.' 