(KtttMtlttttttWttte. By the Lounger. All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely playors." — . Shakespeare . After a season which was only moder ately successful, Madlle. lima de Murska retired from Adelaide in quite a triumphal style. Her bird notes won the hearts of our German fellow colonists, and the Liedertafel joining with the orchestra performers of the Theatre Royal, deter mined to give her the musical honor of a serenade. Serenades in these degenerate days are not carried out by stealth, and the object to be awoke from sleep, is not startled and surprised by the first notes of the song. We do things differently now, and as the intention of the Germans and their friends was announced in the morning papers, a dense crowd of all ages and both sexes gathered from far and near, and filled Rundle-street well on toward the small hours on the night of Monday, October 4. The serenaders were accompanied by bearers of Chinese lanterns which had a verv picturesque effect. After some singing by the Liedertafel and two selections from the band, Madlle. De Murska, who was standing in one of the windows of the Globe, greeted the performers with a shower of bouquets, and having thanked them in their own language, afterwards replied to them by singing "The Last Rose of Summer," in tones which floated melodiously upon the air of night. A complimentary address was afterwards presented by a gentleman on behalf of the Liedertafel, and suitably replied to by the cantatrice, who left South Austra lia by steamer for Melbourne on the following day. The Theatre Royal has been open during the month. The Williamsons, after playing in "Night and Morning," and re turning again to "Struck Oil" for .Mrs. Williamson's benefit, with marked success, left by the mail steamer en route for India. In the part of Kerry, Mr. William son won golden opinions, and further proved the ability that is in him for the delineation of high-class comedy, and the great mistake he made in condescending to perform in "Little Nell and the _v >> TT' 1.1 l- 1- ivxarciuuiieaa. x 11s taieuLS were quite misplaced in such a tinkered specimen of a Dick Swiveller as was served up by the dramatist in that case. Shakespeare has again taken possession of the boards, but, I am sorry to say, the company engaged are in no way fitted to correctly interpret the plays of the great dramatist. What surprises me most is that Mr. Fairclough, who engaged to open here on the departure of the Williamsons, should not have been more particular in ascertaining who were going to support him ; for I cannot believe that he would have ventured to produce "Hamlet," "Othello," "Macbeth," or " Richard III." with a company of come dians. Miss Bowring is the only appro priate supporter he has, and in her case he could not have a better if he searched the southern hemisphere, barring, perhaps, Madame Ristori. The performance in the hands of other members of the com pany is enough to raise the ghost of Shakespeare every night. Mr. Fairclough and Miss Bowring have shown marked ability, and their acting has been a great pleasure to playgoers : but, after giving Miss Kate Douglas a word of praise, I think it best to go no further. Mr. John Smith, who has in the past been very fortunate in the entertain ments he has selected for the public of Australia, brought out anew one on Mon day evening, Oct. 18, at White's Rooms, called " Willard's Wanderings." Mr. Willard has just arrived from the other side of the world, and his performance, I imagine, has been taken by Mr. Smith upon trust. It is clever of its kind, and consists in the impersonation by one man of numerous characters with which we come in daily contact at home. Miss Grace Egerton's entertainment is the nearest approach to that of Mr. Willard I have seen here. How to Keep a Situation. — Be ready to throw in an odd half-hour or an hour's time when it will be an accom modation, and don't seem to make a merit of it. Do it heartily. Though not a word be said, your employer will make a note of it. Make yourself indis pensable to him, and he will lose(many of the opposite kind before he will part with you. Those young men who watch the: clock to see the very second their working hour is up — who leave, no matter what state the work may be in, at precisely the instant— who calculate the extra amount they can slight their work, and yet not get reproved — who are lavish of their employer's goods — will always be the first to receive notice, when times are dull, that their services are no longer re quired. 