TRAGEDY IN FLINDERS LANE. -Argus. A shocking tragedy was enacted in Flinders lane on Friday evening. A man named John Makiwitz, stated to be a native of Dantzic, and about 42 years old, who, it is said, at one time kept the Empire hotel in Hotham, but bad latterly been employed in some capacity atSt. George’s. Hall, and was in very straitened circumstances, was married a year ago yesterday to a young woman, but they did not live happily together. The woman, who is rather good-looking, states that he was very jealous of her, and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subsequently. They lived together, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him, and took a house at 135 Little Flin ders street east, not far from the Detective-office. It appears from what follows that the woman gave him cause for jealousy, and that brooding over this he came to the determination to kill himself in her pre- B eace, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death. On Friday morning he went to his wife’s house and got a sovereign from her, for the purpose, as he said, of taking oat of pawn a greatcoat and some shirts preparatory to going up the country with a hawker, but in reality it appears for the purpose of buying a pistol and ammunition with which to kill himself. The woman was very much frightened by his manner then. At about six o'clock in the even ing he returned and knocked at the door, and was let in by a little boy, who after opening tho door, went out the back way. The man walked into the bedroom where his .wife was, and looked at her in such a terrible manner that she crouched against the . bed and implored his mercy. He struck her, nod then showed a pistol, and pointing out that he had twisted round his finger a lock of the woman’s hair, pushed her suddenly backward upon the bed. She screamed, and at the same instant felt something like 'a puff of wind pass over her head, a loud ex plosion, and 'fainted. On recovering she saw the man lying dead across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains scattered over the bed and floor. She gave an alarm, and Constable Slattery being fetched by a boy,'wept' to the place. He found tho man lying on his back on the floor in a pool of blood, the left side ot his bead blown away, and his brains Mattered about. The sight was a horrible one. The man seemed to have Sred the pistol into his mouth. His left eye, the left side of his face and head, and all the inside of the head, were blown away, and the hulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the centre of the bed. Beside bis left hand was a small single-barrelled pistol, and near his right hand was a letter. The wife of the deceased, Alice Makiwitz, said that tho map tried to shoot her first, but from the contents of tho letter it does not appear that he had any intention of killing her, but that he succeeded in doing exactly what he wished, namely, shooting himself over the woman’s living body. The woman said the man’s name was Mankovicb, but the name was spelt by the police as given above. Below is given a copy of the letter as near as it could be published. The writing was very shaky but tolerably distinct, and the errors In grammar and spelling were much less than might have been expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. It contains allusions to bis wife’s immoral relations with men, whose names are not given below for obvious reasons. Some of the context also has been omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to the day of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yesterday was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force apparently al ludes to the fact that the woman lived near the De tective-office. The letter runs thus:—“ 17th Decern- i ber, 1875.—1 write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to-day some way. My I -wife-left -me -last week— through—the—interference'! of the following, .women -and men:—[The next sentence is. 'ihcoHerent'-J ! Prostitution -is - the * best carried .on, ’ most, successful . carried^, on sunder, the -very nose 'of the police,’ as the detec tive force is ah example.. . I don’t sign my name. )It will-be found out soon enough. {I have-no money, and I- intended to blow.my brains out over iny wife’s living caroas (?), that eha always may remember my (?) in’that beautifull life she and her companion are feeding, and may . the course (?) of God. be on here'(?),’that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before! herself, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive her to madness, and, the [worst;!? wish; here (?) [The remainder was written so that it could not be known which portion read first] I got Pl from my wife and ■ . .' -.' I paid 4s for a pistol in Cleeland’s. I return the rest to her after paying for powder and shott. I see her at my wedding-day and my byrrial,(?).. ■ I wish-to be- bur ned (?) with the look of hair on my finger. . . . . I leave my lodging now 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some money,—the firsthand last.to buy a pistol, and return to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed caroas, , Amen. N.B.—My wife’s name was Alice Buckley,-, and you will find from her, her brother is an old policeman, and living, I believe in Dandeuong, Oakleigh, Fern tree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland) at preaeutTbelieve.” J. M. M. married December 17,1874; died by his own hand December 17,11875; order for a grave stone.’’- ‘ \- [We leam from our Melbourne correspondent.that' at the inquest on Saturday a verdict of fdp de st was returned.]; ■ ' ' i 