"SPELLING BEE" AT ST. KILDA. There was a crowded attendance on Monday at the concert and " spelling bee " held in the Assembly-hail, Grey street, St. Kiida. The concert, which was opened with a brilliant piano forte solo by Mrs. Charles Clark, took precedence, but though the musical proceedings were of such a character that under ordinary circumstances they would have been by no means uninteresting, it was quite evident that those present had but one purpose in attending. After the interval, Mr. Hingston came forward and delivered a humorous address on the institution of the " spelling bee," extolling it, not as a means of curing the non phonetic style of English spelling, but as a powerful instrument in promoting the close study of our peculiar orthgraphy. He invited those who wished to take part in the contest to come forward. A good number of gentlemen, of all ages, immediately stepped on to the platform, but the ladies at first hung back, though a detachment of sufficient strength was shortly got together. Mr. John Wilks, mayor of St. Kilda, presided, the referees being Messrs. St. J. Pinnock and Dr. Robertson. The ladies and gentlemen having been drawn up in two lines, facing each other defiantly, Messrs. Hingston and Gillespie proceeded to question competitors, the sterner sex being favoured first. The plan pursued was to question each " bee " in succession, those failing to spell a word without hesitation being politely told by the questioner that they " might take a seat," or " rest their weary limbs," terms synonymous to expulsion from the circle. The first unfortunate male was he who placed a " t" after " alien," and a gentleman who laboured under the hallucination that " gollishes" sufficiently expressed the articles whioh are worn over boots on wet days followed him. The " physognimy" of a third speller darkened soon, and an elderly orthographist made an " atricious" attempt at spelling. " Chaos," "chasm," and " abyss" then were announced by the torturers, who had evidently been studying " Paradise Lost," and the tone of subsequent questions, such as "differentiate" etc., suggested Tyndall. The gentlemen began to fall fast, while the ladies were glib in their answers, and in a short time the last man but one was killed after oscillating between two 'l's' and one in " oscillate" for a considerable period. The ladies, who numbered about six, then got a series of perplexing queries, but they showed more caution than their deceased brethren, and beaming eyes were turned towards the ceiling as though the aid of tbe gods were sought under such difficulties as " plagiarist," and " prescient." " Rhythm," however, reduced the number of ladies to three. Another gracefully retired after being relieved of the delusion that " Utopian " began with an " e." "Tocsin" was phonetically invested with an " x " by a competitor who had borne the heat of the battle bravely, and the last lady, Miss Bradney, was left to do battle with Mr. T. A. Thompson, of Collingwood State-school, against whom were hurled the collossi of the dictionary. " Phlegm," " cedilla," " eleemosynary," "aggrandise," and " abridgment" were unavailingly put, but Miss B. at last spelt " abysmal" with two " s's," and gave up the ghost, taking second prize, the third being awarded to Miss McCulloch. The excitement became intense as competition narrowed,cheers being awarded to the spellers who successfully delivered themselves of orthographic mouthfuls, while signs of disapprobation were manifested on the superintendents giving out technical terms. The prizes consisted of "Chambers's Information for the People," "Shakspeare," and "The World of Wit and Humour," three elegantly bound volumes. Another spelling bee will be held in about a fortnight at St. Kilda, and judging from the success of Monday's entertainment, it ought to attract a large crowd. Ready-Made Wit. — It may be acceptable to give the beginner somewhat of a notion of the use he may make of the most ordinary words for the purposes of quibbling. For instance, in the way of observation: The loss of a hat is always felt ; if you don't like sugar, you may lump it ; a glazier is a panes-taking man; candles are burned because wicked things always come to light; a lady who takes you home from a party is kind in her carriage, and you say 'Nunc est ridendum' when you step into it ; if it happens to be a chariot, she is a charitable person ; bird's nests and king-killing are synonymous because they are high trees on ; the greatest fibber is the man most to re-lie on ; a dean expecting a bishopric looks for lawn ; a butcher is a gross man, but a fig-seller is a grocer ; your grandmother and your great grandmother were your aunt's sisters (never mind pronunciation.) 