A PRESBYTERIAN ALLIANCE. Last year, while the Evangelical Alliance was sitting at New York, Dr. McCoah, one of its leading members, proposed to the Presbyterians assembled on that occasion o form a closer alliance among themselves, not for any aggressive or sectarian purpose, but to disseminate and defend the principles of Presbyterianism. The scheme was matured and formally submitted to a meeting at Philadelphia, where it met with hearty approval. Invitations were issued to Pres byterian bodies in England, Scotland, Europe, and the colonies to send delegates to a conference which was to be held in the following year at London. The meeting took place on the 21st July in the English Presbyterian College, and about a hundred delegates presented them seves, bearing commissions from twenty different branches of the Presbyterian Church. An official report of the proceed ings has not yet been issued, but it is notable that Scotch Presbyterianism was about the most feebly represented, while the Americans and Canadians were a host in themselves. Though not emanating from Chicago it is a decidedly American idea that Dr. McCosh is working out. He himself, however, cannot disown his Scotch extraction, for not many years ago he was labouring in a humble Scotch parish as Free Kirk coadjutor and competitor of the regular incumbent. He has since becom a metaphysician and a Princeton College professor, and his migration to America has naturally been followed by a Presbyterian revival At the London Conference he was supported by Dr. Scharff, of the Union Theological College at Cincinnati; Principal Snodgrass, of one of the Canadian Colleges; Dr. Jopp, of Toronto; Dr. Wilson, New York; Dr. Robinson, from the Southern States; and one or two brethren from the Far West. Scotch Presbyterianism was chiefly represented by Dr. Blackie, of Edin burgh, who was chosen convener of next year's Conference; Dr. Jeffery, of Glasgow; and the missionary Dr. Duff. The Conti* nental Churches sent a few delegates, but most of them were present only in spirit or by letters of sympathy. No Australian Presbyter seems to have been in London that week, or he would have been gladly welcomed even as an unaccredited repre sentative of what the principles of John Knox are doing at the antipodes. It is doubtful if the Presbyterian ministers in London exhibited quite as mnch enthusiasm for the Conference as had been expected from them, but lay supporters were abundant. Three or four members of Parliament stole an hour or two from the busiest and, most exciting period of the session to give Dr. McCosh their countenance in his endeavours to found a Presbyterian Alliance. Most of the business sittings were held in private, the first task to accomplish being the framing of a Constitution. But the public had also several congenial opportuni ties of seeing the cosmopolitan champions of Presbyterianism. A banquet was held on the opening night at the Freemasons' Tavern. ; on the second day a public visit was paid to Westminster Abbey, where Dean Stanley himself explained the local illustrations of the confession of faith ; on the third day the Conference closed with a public meeting in -one of the largest Presbyterian Churches in the metropolis. Here the newly-framed Constitution was submitted, and resolutions affirming the principles of the Alliance were adopted. This Constitution is the one great result of the Conference, no other important business having been attempted with the necessarily imperfect represen tation secured at a first meeting. During the current year it and various relative documents will be translated into the various languages in which Presbyterian worship is conducted throughout the world, and next summer a real commencement will be made at the first Council meeting in Edinburgh. Besides framing a Con- stitution, the preliminary Conference was of valuable service in bringing men of the same faith together from great distances, many of the delegates having actually travelled more than four thousand miles to be present. It facilitated an interchange of information as to how Presbyterianism is flourishing in the diverse soils on which it has of late years been planted. The London representatives could speak of the most cheering progress. Mr. Mattheson, the Chairman of the banquet at the Freemasons' Tavern, stated that when he came to London there were five congregations in the Pres bytery, and now they had grown to forty nine or fifty. Principal Snodgrass jocularly observed that though they had failed to grow heather in Canada, and had not achieved much success with the gowan, Presbyterianism had found it a kindly soil Pastor CressiL. of the French Reformed Church, could not speak of much prosperity in his section of the body. They had suffered for many yean from want of orga nization and of religious zeal They stood much in need of sympathy from their more powerful friends, and required to feel that they were not alone in the world. A mes sage from the Reformed Church of Hungary, which was read by Dr. Blackie, contained greeting from the limits of European civiliza tion, and regretted that there had not been time to send delegates. The ' weak and struggling Church,' as it styled itself, whose existence may have been hardly known to Australian Presbyterians till now, assured the founders of the Alliance of its deep interest in their work. Stimulated by verbal or written encourage ment from all quarters of the Presbyterian world, the Conference framed its scheme of alliance. The preamble declares that the Churches holding the reformed faith and organized on Presbyterian principles in various parts of the world had long felt the want of a visible bond of relationship, and they now 'agreed to form a Presbyterian Alliance, to meet In General Council from time to time in order to confer upon matters of common interest, and to further the ends for which the Church has been constituted by her Divine Lord and only King.' The article as to membership was that 'any Church organized on Presbyterian principles which holds the supreme authority of the Scriptures of the Old and New Testa ment in matters of faith and morals, and whose creed is in harmony with the con- sensus of the Reformed confessions, shall be eligible for admission into the Alliance.' The General Council, which is to meet every three years, beginning next summer at Edin burgh, is to 'consist of delegates, being ministers and ruling elders appointed by the Churches forming the Alliance, the number from each Church being regulated by a plan sanctioned by the Council, regard being had generally to the number of con gregations in the several Churches. The delegates, as far as practicable, to consist of an equal number of ministers and ruling elders. The Council may, on the recom mendation of a Committee on business, invite Presbyterian brethren not delegates to offer suggestions, to deliver addresses, and to read papers.'\ The specific objects of the Alliance, are to assist weak Churches, to disseminate information on Christian work, and to aid all movements in the evangelization of the world. Sabbath observance, the suppression of intemperance, opposition to infidelity and Romanism, the training of ministers, and the use of the Press fall also within the scope of Dr. McCosh's programme. The methods of operation contemplated by the Alliance are stimulating public opinion by papers and addresses, promoting common action among allied Churches, and defence of the truth wherever it may be assailed, Very active preparations will be made during the year to secure a great success for the Inaugura Council meeting at Edinburgh in July next. Thb Honoubablb Layikgion Gltde.— The Qazttlt announces that Her Majesty the Queen has, on the recommendation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, been graciously pleased to authorize Mr. Lavintrton Glyde to wear the civil uniform to which he was entitled while a Minister, and to [retain the title of Honourable within the colony. This distinction has been conferred on Mr. Glyde in consideration of his having held the position of Minister of the Crown in South Australia for a longer period than three years. Civic Elections.— On Thursday night Mr. James Jsnes addressed a meeting of electors at tte Cumberland Hotel, Elizabeth-street, as a candidate for Gawler Ward. About 40 persons were present, and Mr. W. Budden presided. Mr. Jones expressed his views on the various questions likely to come before the Council, and gave hi3 reasons for offering himself for the suffrages of the ratepayers. Several ques'ions were asked and answered satisfactorily to the meeting, and a vote of confidence in Mr. Jones was carried. Floral Exhibition. —The annual dower show of the Juvenile Floral Society, in connection with the North Adelaide Baptist Sunday School, will be held this evening in the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street White's Booms.— There was a good but not crowded attendance to witness the fourth ex position of Willard's Wanderings on Thursday eight. The first programme was repeated, and wfll be presented for the last time to-morrow. On Saturday there Will be a day performance for the benefit of families and schools, and at night there will be a change in the bill, when a special feature is promised, namely, a spiritual istic seanct, exposing the tricks of the mediums, * ? The Crisis,— The following is a copy of the 1 material part of the memorial which was adopted I at the Gawler public meeting, and which has [ been circulated in the country : — ?' 1. That your memorialists have taken great interest in the proposition of the Government to open up the country and provide for its more rapid progress by the construction of a largely extended system of railways. 2. Tnat your memorialists believe that the construction of these railways will confer very considerable benefit on the community generally, by facili tating the conveyance of produce to the sea board, by opening up the interior of the country, by increasing the river trade, and by enhancing the value of property all over the colony. 3\. That your memorialists believe that in order to put the finances cf the country into a satisfactory position an iacrease of taxa tion is necessary, and they feel certain that the great mass of the people _ will cheerfully submit to such an increase, if by so doing they can secure the great advantages of the proposed railways. 4. That however much the taxes proposed by the Stamp and Succession Duties Bill may seem to bear on 6ome of your memorialists they are prepared to submit to them rather than risk the overthrow of the railway policy of the Government 5. That those of your memorialists who signed a previous memorial against the proposed stamp and buo cession duties did so without being aware that the rejection of the Bill would embarrass the Government, or that there would be any diffi culty in substituting some other and less trouble Eome form of taxation. Your memorialists therefore pray that your Honourable House wfl be pleased to so support the Government in it? policy as to avoid as far as possible any delay in the construction of the railways, and to pass the Stamp and Succession Duties Bill if it is a neces sary portion of that policy.' Public Meeting at Gawler. — A largely attended meeting of the electors of Barossa was held at the Gawler Mechanics Institute last evening to consider the questions in dispute between the two branches of the Legislature. There was a good deal of speech-making on both sides of the question discussed; but eventually an amendment disapproving of the Council's action in throwing out the Stamps Bill was carried. The motion disapproved of stamp duties and pointed out other means of taxation, touching the squatters more imme diately, which should be resorted to instead. South Australian Auxiliary Bible Society. —On Thursday evening, October 21, a meeting in connection with this Society was held in the Baptist Lecture-Hall, Tynte-street. The Rev. J. L. Parsons presided. The Rev. B. Backhouse delivered an interesting address on ' Japan and Burmah; past and present,' illustrated by diagrams. There was but a moderate attend ance. Eagle JTnstoancb Company.— We have re ceived a copy of the annual report of this Com pany, which has been in existence for the last 63 years. The premiums on new assurances effected during the past year have been £15,633 3*. 9d. ; and the interest and dividends have amounted to £125,624 12s. The Company appears to be exceedingly wealthy, having no less than three millions sterling invested in Government and other securities, and available for payment of claims. This, of course, is a very important consideration, not only to the assured but to those who contemplate insuring their lives. TheTheatbk Royal.— 'Hamlet' was revived on Thursday night to a moderate house. Mr. Fairclough is certainly very unfortunate, for on this occasion, as if things were not bad enough before, Mr. West was too ill to appear as the King and Ghost, and Mr. Daniels had to take his place and read the part. With this excep tion, however, everything went smoothly. This evening Mr. Fairclough takes his farewell benefit, when he will appear in his great impersonation of 'Richelieu,' in Bulwer Lytton'a celebrated play. We eiiaU be sincerely sorry if this talented actor is allowed to depart having received a tsneBt only in name, and hope for the credit o Adelaide playgoers that he* wfll have a bumpe house. The Inebriate Retreat.— A meeting of the Committee of Management of this proposed institution was ucld at 8tow Church Lecture Hall on Thursday, October 21. The Treasurer. Mr. W. C. Buik, J.P., reported that he had received a letter from the Chief Secretary, stating that the Government .will place on the Estimates for the year 1876 a sum not exceeding £3,000, to supplement, on the usual terms, amounts raited by private subscription. The question of premises for the Retreat was con sidered, and arrangements were made for endeavouring to purchase a property which the Committee thought weuld be- suitable. It wa* resolved that a list of the subscriptions received during the present year be prepared and adver tised in the daily papers. Another New River Steamer.— It is men- tioned by the Riverina Herald of the 5th inst. that on the previous Saturday a trial trip was made of a new steamer called the Moira, which has just been built at Echuca, on the River Mur- ray, for Mr H. Luth. 'She will principally be employed in the service of Messrs. Luth and Riddell's saw-mills, which are situated about three miles up the River Murray, on the Vic- torian side. From the very frequent inability of the proprietors of the mills to obtain the services of a steamer to convey their own timber from and to the mills they had decided, to save delay and consequent expense, to build a steamer For their own use. The result is the Moira has been completed to the order of Mr. Luth, and he is the sole owner of her. In the event of there not being sufficient employment for the Moira in the trade of the saw-mill, she will be used in the same capacity as the steamers at present used for general carrying purposes on the Murray, Murrumbidgee, and Darling Rivers. She is of medium size, and built with extensive cargo accommodation both fore and aft of the engine. The acting Government engineer ( Mr Lees, of Messrs. M'Culloch & Co.), accom- panied the Moira, and has pronounced her to be a smart steamer, but with — as might be expected in a first trial— a few defects in the working of the machinery, and which can be remedied very early ; and when she is in good working order she will prove as useful a vessel as any in the river trade. The trip from the mills to the Echuca Wharf was accomplished in 20 minutes, and taking into consideration the difficulties the steamer had to work under, may be said to be very fair time. The Moira measures 83 ft overall, and is 17ft. in the width of fore-beam, with 4ft 9in. depth of hold. The engine is from the manufactory of Messrs MoCall, Anderson, k Co. of Melbourne. The nominal power of the engine is 14-horse power, but of course it can be worked up to considerably more if required. It is pleasing to observe with what remarkable profusion steamers and barges are being added to the vessels already trading on the Murray River, and it is a substantial indi- cation of the flourishing state of trade up-coun- try, and the increasing requirements of the town and surroundings of Echuca. The ad- dition of the Moira is an undoubted sign of the flourishing trade done by the saw-mills in the district.' Magnetism of Railway Rails.—' We learn from Appleton's Journal that M. Heytr a German railway engineer, has discovered certain facts regarding the development of magnetism in railway rails that may yet prove of great significance either in favour or against certain methods of block signalling. ? I have observed,' he says, that all the rails are trans- formed at their extremities, after they have been placed in position a few days, into power ful magnets, capable of attracting and of retaining a key, or even a heavier piece of metallic iron. These rails preserve their magnetism even after they have been removed, but they lose it gradually.' The production of this magnetism is attributed to the friction caused by the passage of trains, and, as suggested above, it may prove of importance to determine whether the flow of regular currents will be affected in any way bj this magnetic condition of the rail along which it is proposed to conduct them. The Journal of^ the FranMu Ins'.itv.t--, commant vag on this fact also suggests that should it be proved that these magnetic currents are stronger at the moment of the passage of the trams, the magnetism thus developed any exercise an influence actually beneficial upor- the stability of the railway, increasing the adherence of the wheels to the rails. A third interesting problem suggested by this fact Li that relating to the influence of the magnetism of the rail upon its physical structure, whether the metal is rendered either more or less tough j by this change in its magnetic condition,' Accidents.— An accident occurred at the Glynde on Wednesday, October 20, caused by a horse taking fright. A young man named Albert Lorenz, a gardener, of Athelestone, was run over by his brother's horse and cart, the wheels passing over his shoulders. He was at once removed to the Adelaide Hospital, and although much hurt, it is believed that the ease is not of a serious nature. On the same date William Henry Masters, aged three years and five months, living with his parents in Currie-street, Adelaide, was playing, and accidentally falling broke his thigh in two places. He was also I removed at once to the Hospital. Pluvial Statistics. — The following is a statement of the rainfall registered at the several stations referred to during the four days ended Thursday, October 21, at 9h. a.m. It will be observed that as a general rule the heaviest rains fell in the districts north and north-east of Aaelaide :— Adelaide ? 0-910 Gumeracha ... 1*810 Blinman ? 0020 Willunga ? 1*070 Port Augusta... 0-260 Normanvflle ... 0*385 Melrose ? 1*600 CapeJervis ... 0*085 Gladstone ... 0-900 Port Elliot ... 0-552 Georgetown ... 1*190 Goolwa ? 0400 Burra ? 1*240 Mannum ? 0 310 Clare ? 1-730 Mount Barker.. 1*585 Auburn ? 1800 Strathalbyn ... 0-970 Port Wakefield 0120 aleningie ? 0 020 Kadina ... 0100 Kingston ... 0 520 Wallaroo ? 0 960 Penola ? 0*460 Moonta ... 0750 Mount Gambier 0*509 Blanchetown ... 0-400 Mount Pleasant 0*050 Kapunda... ... 1*200 Robe ? 0*240 Tanunda ? 0*965 CapeOtway ... 0O08 Gawler ? 1*055 Melbourne ... 0 005 PIRACY IN CHINA.— The Straits Observ r re lates that the following angular events recently occurred at Siao-fung, in the department of Hoo-chow:— ' A man who had been to a market at some distance was returning home with about 81,000, the price of hia pi^s, when he was threatened with an attick from the pirate3 fnfesting Lake Ta-hu. He solicited the assk tance of some actors, who were also cro3sing the lake, and lor a consideration they agreed to defend him. After a desperate fight the pirates were driven off with a loss of 20 of their number, while the actors only lost one killed. Tne players proceeded to Siao-fung to fulfil an engagement. In the meantime the pirates, much enraged at the loss of so many of their band, bent on revenge, came to Siao-fong, where, having a great number of friends and affiliated assistants— a thing common in China — they collected a body of 400 or 500 men. This band then went to tie theatre in small parties, as if to witness the performance, and at a signal attacked the stage and company. The actors defended themselves bravely, and 20 or so fell on each side. The audience roused the whole city against the pirates, but could get no assistance from the Che-hsien of Siao-fung, for he had been in the theatre, perhaps the most sacred of all, and— very likely thinking that the real intention of the riot was to put an end to himself — had fled and concealed himself soon after the figkt began. The actore were soon reinforced by some soldiers and the townspeople, and the pirates were put to flight, leaving a number of prisoners in the hands of the victors, who delivered them to the Che-hsien of Chiang sing. The victory of the actors is attributed to the valour of one of their number who per formed prodigies, and it is generally thought probable that he may be offered employment under the Emperor in some capacity suited to his courage.' Frauds in California. — The following rather appalling picture is presented by the News Littar of San Francisco :— -( There being to law here to regulate trade frauds, almcit everything that it is possible to buy is a cheat There is fraud in every article which enters into the moutb, or covers the back, or is placed nxder foot ; fraud in everything whioh it is pleasant to see, hear, feel, smell or taste ; fraud n warmth, light and locomotion; fraud mixed nto whatever come spurs from the earth, on everything that arrives from abroad, or is pro duced at home; fraud in the raw material, and on every fresh value that is added to it by the work of man ; fraud is the sauce which pampers man's appetite, and the drug that it is intended to restore him to health ; the ermine which decorates the judge, and the rope which hangs the criminal ; in the poor m&n;'s salt and the rich man's spice ; in the materials of the coffin and the ribbons of tha bride. At bed or board, couchant or levant, we must pay for frauds. Tho soholoboy learns from his fraudulent text book ; the well-to-do citizen manages his spavined horse with a bridle badly made and upon a fraudulently constructed road. The dying Californian, pouring his adulterated medicine into a silver spoon largely mixed with base metal, flings himself back upon a bed that is a fraud, and expires in the arms of that worst of frauds— a doctor without a diploma— who by fraud has put him to death. His whole pro perty then passes through frudulent hands. He is carried to the grave by undertakers— who are extortinate cheats— and followed by a cortege weeping false tears. His virturea are handed down to posterity on marble in words that aro felse, and he is then gathered to his fathers— to be, so far as we know, defrauded no more for ever.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Thb Rainfall.— The following are the quan tities of rain recorded at the places mentioned for the 24 hours ending at 9 a.m. on Thursday, October 21:— Gladstone ... 0 050 Goolwa ? 0*010 Burra ? 0*040 Mount Barker 0*065 Clare ? 0*020 Strathalbyn ... 0*060 Auburn ... 0*040 Meningie ... 0*080 Blanchetown ... 0*030 Penola ? 0 010 Tanunda ? 0*010 Mount Gambier 0*050 Willuuga ... 0*025 CapeOtway ... 0*008 Normanville ... 0*009 Melbourne ... 0*005 CapeJervis ... 0*030 River News.— The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on October 21, at 10 a.m. :- Wentworth (Darling), 23 feet, stationary. Ecbuca, falling slowly. Balranald (Murrumbidgee), 14 feet 10 inches,. stationary. Hay (Murrumbidgee), 9 feet, rising, Brewarrina (Darling), low. Naomi and Barwon, low. In the Matter of Wm. Kino, Insolvent.— Their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow, sitting in Banco, on Thursday, October 21, heard this case. A writ of habeas corpus had been issued to the Sheriff and Gaoler of the Adelaide Gaol to bring up William King, dealer, Strathalbyn, an insolvent, com mitted by the Commissioner of Insol vency for six months' imprisonment for having contracted a debt by false pretences. The Attorney-General, Hon. S. J. Way, Q.C., and Mr. J. W. Downer supported tha writ, on the ground that the ordor of committment to gaol failed to show any scitntei' and the warrant had not been made at the time required by the Act. The Court, without calling upon Mr. Ingleby, Q.C., who appeared in support of the conviction, decided against the insolvent on two points. The Attorney- General then gave notice of afpeal and applied for bail, but their Honors said that they had no jurisdiction until the appeal had been lodged. 