*V« <,l!'COSMÓrOLia\Á^ " Yàh'.iom n?'fiihttei','' tli«t's:my profession; tiid business; or'whntoytT you may like to cull it;' in '.'if;you'do not know what I monñ'by tba term,'ju . tnko a^sti-oirtUvoiV^li 'Hny 'pt' tilió;- book' gullies thia or imybtlioriUiiriibnms'^diHtiicfc, iiiiu yoii wi 8eo|,'jvhht is inóhnt. !\Voll,\\. I; .'don't como i tóyn.,oftón,, Wit wbon I .'do, 'like, to tnko tliinj . oüsy,¡áiul ónjóy, myself. I ain't muoh to look i in;ii my : old . patched . bluo - shirt,. molosk; trouBovs, mid ciibbiipo- ti'CO: hut; mid n face HUH .cwo-woni ,mid sunburnt, but Micro was n tin whun- no matter, I won't toll tules out of school .-and no doubt, when on tho road, with my swag c . my bnok, nnd my billy in my limul, 1 don't Toe very : interosHng.-, Tis, I sports ii puck bon sometimes,' but lnttorly funds lwvu'ruti low, mid \- can't lilford it, besides I oiiiinofc iilwnys biko horso wboro-Ii go. Mining experience I Yes, have lind lots of-Mint, us I -hiivo bccii Icnookiii . nbonttho digging's finco thôy »tlrst commenced i this colony, «nd have fbllowcil tho rusbos in Vii torin, Now üeiihmd, mid other phicoB. Yes, l'\ hoon to Qiiceiislmid mid tho Pulmo)', but don Uko tboso diggings, un it is too'Iiot for a whitortui to work. 'Poll you n yiirnnboiit old times? Bon mind, f J'0" "shout,'' ns talking'is'dry worl . ' That isn't bud tuck for-mm, but I hardly kilo tho tiisto, tis I'm'ii Good Templar, when iii tli bush, mid ii "good tippler" when in town. No, . don't Bpcnd much iii drink, lcustwnys, only soim times wbon on tho burct-but it's n poor soul tbi novor onjoyH himself, mid / /iota Boon porno lifo i my timo, und 1 suppose you wouldn't think that hud boon prusonted to tho Queen ; ii fuct, I tisstu you. Toll you thu yum, all right, that's just win I WHS coining to, mid you seo it urósb in this wivj lt ia immy yours cinco'1 I'omid myself followiu my old-giimo of "hutting" on a worked-oi diggings-on tho Victoria sido, but lor bless yo ' tho gullies, hud been raked, mid tho wush-stu was so poor that I lind ii hurd job to moko tuckc -sometimes 1 got n lbw mineen of tho yolloi still)', mid sometimes I got nothing, but it ii went to tba storekeeper, llowsomever, ono dnj I met with nu old jiurty, who wus living in n Jiu with ii little girl (bis daughter), und ho uskod m to chum with bim, ns bo wm? working ii bolo, nm tho stull wus too heavy for tho gili to hiiiil up You soo I nint pni'tiiil to chums, but somehow o tho other, ho appeared ii respectable old gentle mim who lind seen better days, whilo his dungli ter could sing Uko ii nightingale, mid cook liku ; queen. 1 often wondered what mudo them tnk to that kind ol' life, mid wotto theil- limo ii tho bush, with hardly a soul to sneak to; bu there's no accounting for tonto, and tho old gentle limn told mo nil about it nlturwiirds. AVell, UH : siiidj I pitched my teni, nlongsido ol' theirs, uni wo set to work to'find out whnt tho bolo was inudi ol',' but bloss yon wo couldn't gob down for tin water. Anyways, wo worked on for weeks with- out getting u spec of gold, nod when wo won short, lind lo go out "fossicking," just to keep in in Hour nnd sugar. I often wonted tho old ptirtj to " ding" it, but ns ho said bo hud n drciini thai tboro wus something there, I could not get him ii thu humour lo givo it np j und so wo wont on, barely living from bund to mouth. Ono morning wo sent tho littlu girl tin lo tho storo foi' soino teti and silgar, when sho brought buck word-timi wis thu lust wo woiild get until tho old scoru wot .paid up, which made things took blue. However, wo went to work, mid I took tho first spell down tho bolo, which was nbout two miles from any other claim, und coining np I sont tho old gentle- man down to toko Iiis Mini.' All went ulong its usual, us I turned tho old windings round and round anti hauled up thc buckets of earth, which gnvo uo promiscof our over Hoeing tho wnsh-dirfc ; mul I wus just going to knock olf, and singout "smoko oh,'' down tho bolo, when I suddenly beard iny chum groaning, mid looking down I could just discern bim sitting nil of a heap in tho corner. On my shouting to know what was tho mutter, ho sung ont "Oh, lund mo up, .lim, I feel BO queer ;" which wus no sooner suid Minn done, und lio wus quickly nt tho top, mid sitting on tho heap of dirt, looking UH if hu lind seen it ghost, or was about to faint. .Suv« I to him-" \Vhi>t's fl *l". ..,.,»1.... l."..1._4 .1...1.J,. "YUH,'' says ¡io, " í'vo soon it, oil Jim do go down und look foi- yourself, in tho drivo." I don't know how I got down tho hole, und «lint do you think I suw. ¿'"or tho lirst lbw minutes, in iii tiio darkness, nothing;, lint lighting ii hit ol' cundió stuck in tho clay, I crawled into tlio drivo, mid siw mich ii sight-n lurgo shining muss ol' poid, whiclijiml tumbled emt nfc tho end ol'tho drive, mid which glittered in thc candlelight like u thousiind diamonds. ItV »ll very «ell for you Iiconlo wini un; well in ; but 1 cnn assure yon, sir, l'clt nil over nlikc, und s.-t looking us il' ufraid tluit thu sight would niolb away, and rovolving nil soi'ta of »Cheines in my head ; but tliero it lay, Burp enough, u hugo minn ol' gold, tho Indi' ol' which would bu n sundi fortuno to nny man. Howuvur, np 1 went, mid fourni tho old purry still sitting "ntoji ol' tho hole, looking as sruml us over. Well, thoie wo sat in til thu .sun began to g;o down, nimming bow wo should get it to tho Commissioner'!;, tonio iivo milos nil'; und Hum s'overal stray Imrd-up diggers, who were on tho lookout for something good, cunio up mid ..'asked'linn* wo wero getting ulong- lo which wo returned tho usual nnswer, very hud, und mot wit1 tho responso Huit wo liad better olear out, ns there was no gold tliero ; mid Boeing my allum looking no badly, ono party jemurked tluit ho thought tho old cove was about dono for; and it did seem comical, did'nt it, to seo n lot of poor follows Bit tiltia around ti hole, with hardly ii smoko ol'toi mero between them, wliilo only ii low loot from thom hiv what would lmvo sot them up for lifo. As 1 "said, wo sat thcro until dark, und then in four mid trembling wo tried to gut tho nugget out ol' tho hole, mid tho third tinto wo succeeded, and then looking if tho const wi'B clour, myself und mute put it in ii gunny bug, mid humped it down to tho hut, wileri) wo hid it under tho table; and, alter ten, I wo dug H bolo nuder the llrepluci.', und hid it, tolling tho p;ii l to hold her tongue : but bless her, thora was no need nf thur, ns she was ns quiet ns ?** ii mouse. Well, we went; to work the next dny, mill in ton ilnys lifter wo fiot seven ether midgets, besides it quantity of wnshslull', when thinking; >vo_ ho had got enough, we agreed to givo it up, being now rich men. Tho next job was to get tho gold down lo thu OninmU.'iiniio)-V, ns wo , wcro living in u luther (piotr neighbourhood, anil h ' ri,t ,,..( ">,...!.--,..,11,.,..-,,.. . lull li..¡..H.. I speaking lo ono und nnotln.T, wo tundo up tm escort, mid Inlying ii I orso or two, mid ii low old guns, iiftor linmling tim ludo nvor to II pnrly ol' poor hnnl-np fellows, wo struck our ti nts lind mudo trucks lor tim cninji-tho gi.ld lining hiing in two bugs ncrogs Ibo horses mid c.'ovi red wit lt ll Itcnfc j mid us wo passed down tho creek where ii Cow diggers wero nt work rocking their cradles, immy aiid various were tho questions us to whe ru wo weru oil'to., Wo lind bound the chaps with ns over io secrecy, lint, bless you, belnro wo hud got threo miles it hud leaked out somehow, mid ero wo got nour tho «1111)1 wo wero sur- 1 rounded by nu eager crowd, mid ns wo went down ] tho main street towards tho Commissioner's ibo wholo town turned ont to seo us ; mid on iiiTi'ving I thoro, and telling our business, (but individual was politeness itself- nlthongh only 11 lbw weeks j bolbro ho had utmost sunpprd my 'head oil', when asking lor a license, but such iii life. Tho nest diillcnlty wan to woighitho gold, bolbro putting it into Ids bands for tninsniission by escort, mid for that purpose wo put it 011 11 pair of Avery's ' scales, ut tho grocer's, while ti detiiolmioiit ol' polico kept oil' tho crowd ; mid my word, didn't tho-orowd sot np 11 cheoi whim wo cunio outside, ima! lodged it in tho bini).-;--nuil us wo put up ul ono of tilt) leading hotels uniting Ibr thu conch, lo tnko us t<£ Holbourne, everyone shook hands, shouted, mid could not make, enough of us, lind it was rogulur open Iiouso ovory where, ult hough, .IB I lmvo said, only a I'uw. weeks beloro not 11 Boni in thu town would lmvo trusted us with 11 s 1* nobbler; but Buoh ÍH tho power nf money mid -, »/'t Rood luck, sir, in tin's ? lifo. Blessed if tho \ loading people, including tho Commissioner, didn't got lip H ball, and treat us to ahatnpagno, and tbo . Commissioner himself said <;that'< our Bessie (my obum'a dnogbtor), was the nicest girl liq.bud over .mot. -' llowovor, tho escort ' was strengthened ¡to" oany our gold, and. it : was ri scono tho morning wo loft'by'tho coach.' Talk of rncoiving Qovoniors and nil that sort of thing, 1 by tho row and tho encoring you'd bnvo thought i that tho crowd wns renlly o-going to draw tho couch to Molbourno, while tho bank manngor him- self actually cunio to tho coach door and gavo Bossio a nosogny. However, ottrsolvcs and nug- gets got Bnfoly to tho old city, mid then bogan tho, fun, ns irom morning till night Wo wera postered with applications to look nt tho gold, such u largo nugget nover having boon soon bo Ibro. First cunio his Excellency tho Governor, with bis daughters, mid on expressing his admiration, and asking what wo cnlled it, ii happy thought struck mo, mid I said "wowill cull it lifter ono of your daughters, with your permission." No sooner said tlum done, mid I under tho now nuuio tho nugget wns so rim niter that wo decided upon exhibiting it; mid for | immy wcckB 1 took tho'money nt tho door, wbilo my chum told tho tole how wo lind found it, mid ik'BHio varied lliooiitortniiimentby giving some of bor charming songs. Of course, Ibero I was not much in tho iilliiir, but ns wo wororich mon it wns sure to go, mulawa netted ii hirgo sum j of monoy that way. Looking nt tho succoss of I tho spec, nothing would satisfy tho old gentleman but wo must go to England, witera it took im- mensely, mid for somo weeks nt tho Crystul Piilnco, ut Sydonlunii, wo wero crowded with Íouters. Ono dny tho Secretary brought us n i otter from a higholllciul, stilting that her Majesty tho Queen would bo glut! to receive us ut tho Palace, and seo tho nugget, mid wo went nc cordiugly und v ero much pleased willi tho kind licBH shown us by tho gretitest lady in Europe, who patted Bessie on thc bend, mid nsked us many questions, lint lo milico ii long story short, wu humped tho precious nugget through immy ol' tho principal towns in England, and were think- ing of going io America, when I begun to got tired of tho gnuie. You soe, sir, n nugget of gold is ti nico thing to look ut, but it's un awful strain on ii man's constitution to have ono, ns it hus to ho tuleen to tho bunk every night, or else locked up in a safe with u ginini over it ; and ninny's tho night myself and my undo have sat up keeping watch mid watch over it. Ono day wo went to tho Bunk of England, und after getting it assayed \- wo sold tho whola box and dice, to tho manager, paying tho mummt received to our accounts, mid leaving tho bunk with n weight oil'our shoulders. I know! felt ns light ns ii bird, mid did tho grund tour in style, mid did'nt I seo lifo, 1 believe you. Why! I wont everywhere, from Puris to Niu<mrii i for ii year or two, mid kicked up Bob's diversion, niter which 1 returned to Melbourne «nd lost n pot of money one woy or tho other. AVlmt became of tho old gcntleiiuui Í "Well, 1 believe bo's demi ; und Bissio ? AVell, sbo is living somewhere in England, und perhaps by this timo shu hus got n good husband, mid ii nico little, liunilv round her. 1 promised to write to her, but somciiow i'm al- ways on thc Hit, mill don't do it, mid 1 ollcn wonder if she rememljrrs tho poor " li'itter." Wiatt's tho j uso of talking, lot us luivo another drink before i I ' °° ° i'.xKiiiu. 