THE DESTITUTE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES. The following narrative, written by a special reporter, appears in the Melbourne Argu s of November 29: Tb?^ extraordinary story" extracted front \- thfc-Jfisiy&Jiwj;* Standard relative to a num. ber of German families brfng in a starving condition on the Major Plains caused a con siderable amount fit surprise here, as nobody naA* hfeard anytidng 6f the affair before} but ?feoa makteg a visit to the spot, it wai \- found thati ?l??oB?h the letter of Mr. Grub* contained. ; nwsy *. *aooitt!O* statement, Jh4 nubig|tfw^ai Mr. Grube's letter tothf' StwWfah tde^pfaed to Inspect*^Srook Smith,, s* Wkuarattaj ?a Friday, to at once proosed to the locality, aad,oaftebalf ?* the Government, render any asrfntanoe required. tTpon reaching Benaua, Mr, Smtto,, with the representative wf the The Argus, and Accom • panted by an interpreter, started for the loea?ty lEeferad to. TJimn reaching Dooaie or tiUa Major Phinl frir the place Is knew by either . name-—lt was found that the Germans were not' .located at ftat place, but some 20 miles further on, at what is known as the BSD. Plains, on the Tarrawo?ga Station, belonging to Messrs. tftehdanaTelfotd. . ' \ Before preceading to describe the camp, it . may be as wall to explain the seasons that Jed these -poor people to leave then* native land, tt appears that they all come from some small Tillages near Hainan, In Silesia. They ; pr?fesf toe Lutheran religion, bat * few years . age .? yeumgywoman, named Maiu Heller, was ffisad with epileptic fits, and pretended .. to receive divine inspiration during these \- attacks. Ike ignorant villagers began, to believe in her, especially-as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came tree. At last ?she prcvhesled .the Frauao^russian war* and _ when that took place their belief in her was botndlfess. tn 1874, in ons of her fits she 'anWuhced Chat the Lord bad told her that in a very snort time a frightful war would break j out, and devastate sot enly Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would fee the only safe place in the world. She thera> : fore caUod upon them -to fallow her to that place, ?nd promise* thai after remaining there t*a fears she would bring them back to Jerusa. \ lesk, wMokrwoul4 be their second resting place, . - aftor whisk they would return again to .Ger many and findJMaee and rfenty after all ttair p wanderings. TOey; believed h*r story, and at \- _ Wtce commenced preparations for their long and tmtf lours*y. All their littie .savings wsre^Ut tastsat dssstscn fund, sad, eatxying with them their famseheld effects, the> W* Sileau, nomberisg 64, soult, And made tiielr way to Hamburg, where tbe> tink the steami?r | toXwndon.tewrdetto^gefeiimip to *krry than ; to Australia, fhefrUmUf Momlaa, : They took passage 4* the steamer Somersatr j shire, and arrind to Melbourne bxApril last. ] Here tour jol jHw parft seoaded. ttjui reducing the number Jfom Tbelr stock oTmoiwy at ' tills Jb^ vnoumtod W v£Sie: TCfcey ri?|e ?nt}u{r?i atatt ta?mg up <labd, tad kmidUt that U??* w?re two settlsrtin the Bn^nl dhWot who .mmc from their cwn part of . Sfledjj tkey deeded to EettfeWrOieffl, and accordingly made ttetr way to Ihefr present ? camping ground. The settters referred to are two Uothwa itamedOarlated wahehm Bemdt, 1 sad aot Bums, as -ras ajated. Fro* what can be learnt Mr. Oarl Bemdt has behaved very . kbidly to these poor people, but just now they have dusgreed, for when he found tiiat butssd of taking "{bt sound advice he gave ? tiuna, Aey penuted &k; acbepttfcg tbe ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. As he Is the only one In the' vicinity who can onvetse .with, them,' this Is no doubt a great lots to them, ted they, therefore, ftel all the mow wroth. Prior to visiting the Germans* encampment, a halt was made at the hut ef Gray, a shepherd at Cocked-j hat Greek, c*. Mr. Telferd's run, about a mlbv distaat from the Oermans. This was done with a. view of ascertaining from some of the neigh bors whetiur tiiere was any knowledge In the district of the alleged ttarvfag con dttion of tiie new settiers. In answer to questions put, Mrs. Gray said that there . were three or four families lover down the creek. They had been in very poor haslth for some time, owing to the want ?f enper food, but they wew getting bettor.. She bad given them milk, and efg?, and goafs flesV, for whloh tbey had been very thankful She thought they ware kindly disposed people, as, in return for what she had given them, two of them went to her place one day and chopped and stacked a lot of W69S* for her, but refuse! to take any payment, although money was offered. Proceeding down the crock about a mile the Gsrman- aettfeme&t; was reached, and the party were courteously received, and invited to enter. Mr. Miers, the interpreter, at once enterwUnto conversation with them, while the other* made a tour of inspection ?f the hots, Tbe people ,la#pea?d to be delighted to toeet withaconn tryman, and they were ?moon engaged in ex plaining their condition.' The semtement con \- sisted of three bark .huts, with two outtmild iugsconsbucted of the same material T*?of the hnts have only one room, buttha third was considerably larger, and contained two rooms, one of them bang used as a general loom for the whole of the settlement. This room mea- Hurei about 30 feet by 25 feet. There are three fomilies located at this place, and originally they cansbtod ef eight adults and two children. Oae of the men has since died ; and when the huts were visited on Friday there were only three women, one man, and two children at borne. The absents of the others was explained by the statement that they had gone up to the mill to obtain three bagtoffliur on credit if posdbla. The man was at work at a carpenter's bench in the general room, while the women were sweeping the earthen floors and perform ing other domestic duties. At one end of the general room was the fireplace, and there was a largo tin of flour mixed in readiness to make damper of. Oae of the women was cutting up some small cabbage and lettuce plants, and this they stated wav to form their meal for the day. The only furniture cooristei of a rough table and two or three equally rough stools. There was a carpenter's bench in front of the opening that served as a window, and on this were a number of well-worn tools. The sleeping rooms, which measured about 20 feet square, were* also very dean, the beds being arranged in a row down the centre. Some of the bed steads were low iron ones, but in one of the huts they were simpl* stretchers, while the two ehUdrensleptina large bunk iuone corner. The furniture, what there was of it, -had evidently , been brought from Germany, and a great saving of money might well have been effected if the trreftter portion ?f th* old rubbish had been left behind. A number of solid old oak chests served as seats, and in each hut was a great heavy wardrobe. At the back of the huts about three* . quarters of an awe of land "had been cleared, and turned into a vegetable garden. It was surrounded by a neat fence, and well laid cut. Tn one comer a snail ftow?r garden had also been prepared, and appeared to be nourishing. Tbe only man here was about 60 years of age, lean and withered in appearance, who said he " waa a carpenter by trade. His wife, tke counterpart of himself, was in good health, while the younger woman of the. three was evidently well able to do a hard day* woik. She was tall and strongly-built, bat had apparently not the best of tempers. The third woman was weakly, and com plained much of severe pains In the head and general weakness—the latter no doubt arising from the wast of proper and suffi cient nourishment. The old mas, in answer to enquiries, statedlthat although they were some distance away from the main body of the Immigrants, they ware all working together ai one company.. They did not all come from &• same Ullage in Silesia, but they had all lived within a radios of three miles of Hainau. The reason they had come oat to Australia was because the Almighty commanded them t? do so. This was said with a great deal of reverecca. They had placed'all their money fa one common fund, which was used for the benefit of aIL When they first arrived in the district they stopped five weeks with Oarl Berndt, and then took up some land.. They had amongst them 890 acres, of whtoh 700 acres was at HIU Plains-., and 190 acres at Ooctesd-hat Greek,' They selected the land In Jwn last, bat; aad hot y?t paid any rent for 44? . What Uttie money they had when they arrived had been spent in Burchaaing rations, and when that was finished they sold t*? hones and a dray, which they had purchased. In Melbourne. This money had also been spent In getting food, and bow they had no more left. They sold she two hones for £6 each, and the dray for £3. He esuld net say how muoh they paid for them in Melbourne, as they did not understand BngHsb. A man named Grubb had ? transacted all Oielr buslsnst for them. He denied that they bad been starting, but at the flame time they had very little meat or vegetables, their principal food being flour made into damper. Oat of the 890 aores they had taken up they ha* cleared and fenced about; 60 horss* -on which they had wheat and barley' growing. They folly expected this crop would carry them through the winter, but at tivc mmc time, if they could obtain some Ifttie assistance in food anta the harvest was gathered, they would foel very thankful. He was asked whether ft wrali not fee possible for some of the able-bodied women te ro into service, so as to render a little assist ance to the common fund. One of the women, however, strongly protested against such a course. She said that it would be impossible, as they would all have to work together in' getting the rest of the land fenced, doing the work the -sick people ware unable to do, and also assist shortly in getting in the harvest. As there appeared to be a strong objection to the party separating, this point was not pressed. The old man further stated that all that Oarl" Berndt had to do with them was to pay the carriage of thefas luggage from Melbourne to BenaUa by the train. The old man also expressed himself rather bitterly respecting 10 of the party who had seceded, although their passage to Australia had been paid out of the common fond. ' -Be explained that they were working for Oarl Bemdt, and this appeared to him to be an aggravation of their conduct. A start was next made for Gari?wndf ? place at Hill Plains, Mr. Bemdt has a large selection here, sad has also a farm-near the lime-kilts at Major Plains, wfcfcfli is ftt present in charge of his brother Wilhnlm. On the two farms he has no less thaa 14 of these poor Ger mans,- seven,of them beiog children, who, when visited, were barily engaged in the haynalcL The adults in bis employ are August Schmidt, a blacksmith, ud Us wifa. Mr. Bemdt states that as these people ftame front astir his own vUbge he felt an interest ia them, and was dealroui of render, ing them .every assistance In Ma power, espe cially as then were none amongst them able to. •peal: X&gttsfe.; -When tfeey llrst arrived in' Melbourne two sf their number came up to Major Plalfis to ask him about land. He ek plained to them that tbexs was land open for seleeUoaatHtuPlalnt.nearlilsewnfani^aadalso: informed them of Mmc One land being open for Meettmi In another par* of th? district. They, however, desired-teTsettte: near their country' men, and sending all their luggage to BenaUa, the whole party took &c; xoaXaainpiiig eafch night, on: the way. i When they arrived at Hill Plains tiwy at once proceeded to Mr. Berndft place, and as they had very ttttjs money, he paid the sum of £5910 a., the railway freight -of their Uggbge. They remained with him seven weeks, during whloh he fed them while, they Were looking out for land and get ting it surveyed. Seme of them certainly did a little work in the way of fencing, bat in con sideration of that he fed the whole party. During the time they ware with him taey mm- Burned 25 bags of flour, and between 30 and 40 sheep. They had a woman amongst them who controlled them, and whatever she told them to do they did. She had prophesied to them thai when they arrived in Australia they would find houses ready built for them, and tile land under cultivation, so that they would be able to lire easily. When they reached here they were somewhat surprised at not finding things as she bad led them to believe, but still they did not look upon her as a false prophetess, as She explained to then that some of their number were sceptical, and this, was a trial of theirfaiUu The first cause of disagreement betweea Beradt and the immigrants was in consequence of this woman. He enquired what money they bad, bat while they refused to tell him the exact amount, they let him know that it was not very much. Consequently he advfeed them not to take up tos much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered them each to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed between them, and Bemdt expressed his determination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in following the adrjo * of this woman onrochsubjects. Staefethentheyhaveonlyspoken ooeasionauy. He stated that when they laadud they had plenty of provisions which they had brought with them from home, and also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession of the land they had se lected they commenced to clear the most lithtfy timbered land, but they used only to work for a few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to the little children. When their pro visions were exhausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have those articles cheaper than he sold them in the mar ket He had never received back the money he bad expended in paying the railway freight of their luggage, and when he asked them to give him as acknowledgment that they owed him that amount theyrefused to do so. They were all in excellent health when they landed, but now several of them were in very poor health, and nine of them had died, owing, he believed, to the want of sufficient nourishing food. They were only tiro miles distant from him, but as they persistently refused to take the advice which he gave for their good, he now kept clear of them. He had told them, how ever, to send over every morning, .when he would give them some milk for the children. They had not even done that lately. As the party were informed that one of the men who had saceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Berndfs farm, a request was made that he might be seen. This was nadily agreed to, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, was found boatly engaged at the forge repairing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the information in his power. He stated that he was swayfrom Us village during the Franco. Prussian War. He was in the 42nd Regiment of the line, and served at Metz and Amiens. After the evacuation of Franco by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over, the villagers In the neigh borhood of Hainan. She was about 30 yean of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in consequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Messingbrod, cue of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wite. Sices they had been on the Bill Plains that man had died, and she had then eho*en another man named Schultz. Hie was new living* with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told the a. He did believe a little in her at first, bu' he had beaome tired of her nonsense, and with his -wife had left the community, and waa now working for Mr. Berndt. His parents and Bisters still lived at the settlement, and he had done all In his power to get them away, bat without avail, as they fully believed in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he believed Maria toot the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought It would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to tak* Haifa away, as she was certainly the cause of starring them all, for she would not allow them to go to work. Blnoe they had been there, eight of the!* num ber had died. Notlee of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major Plains J hut the others were simply buried at the settle ment without any aotiee being given, or any doctor attending them. Maria said some prayers at the graves. \- The party, under the guldaaoe of Mr. Berndt, •ext proceeded to the settlement, about two 1 miles distant. The huts were seven In number, ! and constructed of bark, similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they were much smaller. Most of them only contained one room, about 15 feat by 10 feet. Eut in two instances, where there were grown- up daughters, the huts .were rather larger, and were divided into two by means of a curtain. Here, as at the ether place, they appeared to have plenty of i bedding, bat in place of tianket. they had ju oovering small feather beds, jts is the custom In some portions of Germany. The children, who were running about, at once congregated round the strangers, and * few lollies given them soon won their confidence. There was ac appearance of starvation, and the children appeared to he in rude health. They were bright, rosy children, who evidently enjoyed life heartily. Then were four or five girls from 16 to 18 yean of age, who were very cleanly and tidy in their appearance. The elders of the plaoe soon made their ap pearance. Although bearing that worm and aged appearance that so often distinguishes the German peasant, they appeared to be In toler ably good, health. They were very courteous, and invited the party to enter their huts. Before doing so, however, an Inspection was made of the settlement. Zt was found that the hats were ranged in a row, and at the rear about an acre and a half of ground had been turned into a vegetable garden, and gave pro mise of a good crop in a short time. Upon' entering the first hut a woman who said she was 36" but looked 60, was found coffering; from -the offsets of a sewn attack of rheumatism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In another place there was an old man of 60 confined to his Ved from scurvy and general debility; and in a third hut was a lad of 13 In a very bad state from scurvy. He was in a most emaciated condition, with very much swollen feet, which presented that doughy appearance which la one of the signs of scurvy. His gums ware also very ' soft, spongy, and bleeding, plainly showing that he was suffering severely from the disease. In fact the mem bers of the community had so far made up their mind to his early decease that they had pre pared his coffin, and this was shown to the party with some little pride in ene of the •otheuses. The lad was not In a very cleanly condition, and it was suggested that a warn bath would help his recovery, : It was, however, alleged by the elderly woman, who was tending him, that he could aot bear the touch el water, and that they had in conseqoraoe detfefed from their attempts. The gift of a few JqUlm and half a crown to buy more, appearea to brighten the boy up wonderfully, and from the manner in which he looked at the coin it Is doubtful whether he ever had so much money before in his life. Inspector Smith had, of course, certain official duties to perform that peeessUated an interview with the woman'; Maria HeUer, and an enquiry was made as to' bar whereabouts. The party were at once' shown bar hut, on reaching, which it was fouua &at; the Inmates wef? abottt to oo?. ; menoe their midday meal, -as they w*re engaged in a long German pace, aald in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, they were told that after their m?al was over I some conversation was deaired'sriththe woman. A glance at the table showed that ill they had wai some bread or damper, swimming about in a plate of greasy water, -dignified by the name ' of soup. While the prophetess and her com-; panions were at dinner the party entered into : conversation with the elder ohildnn, who .answered all'their enquiries readily. By this time Maria Heltar had finished her ?meal, and the party returned to her hu*. She was sitting at the table trying to sew, bmt her hands were shaking so much, ap parently with fear at the sight of the police uniform, that sho oould aot make a stitch: Alongside her was the tsan Sehulfe, who, according to the man Bchmidfs statement^ is her chosen companion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a Itftte,. thin, miserable, prematurely-aged lookbgyoubg man, with a livid white complexion, anfl evi dently far gone with consumption. The woman 4rept her head down, and fora time it was im possible to see her face. The conversation had sasreely commenced—in faot the interpreter had not aaktd ber name—before aha pretended to get "very excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to work herself into aa hysterical fit. The other women—all of whom by the way arc older than henelf—at once rashed into the har, and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a - spoiled child. As it was so palpable that the woman was whamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such oases was to cut off the patient's bair and throw a few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pafr of scissors, the woman evidently thought thocaiewas to be triad upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, requested a few urinate*'delay before speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. '" • . While this bad been going on, the men who bad been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they wore interrogated ••? to their condition. They admitted that there was no money amosgst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour left In the camp, but they were in hopes of getting some more from the mill on credit to carry them oa until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, ; their principal food being damper. They would bs r#ry glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exer cised over them by the woman Maria Seller, they refused to give any information, until *t last one voluble little man stated that he was ber stepfather. He was at oacs pounced upon and led far away from his companions, and submitted to a series of questions. He s*ld —" My name is Oarl Soholtze. Jam 58 years of age. I consider myself the stepfather of Maria HeUer. She is 33 years of age. lam ber step father, because her parents are dead. I lure known her about five years. I knew her at Jhor danton, near Hainan, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, bat when she is in a trance, she baa oenversa tioas with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as trueas that then is a. God in Heaven. lam con vicced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with ber in the same manner as is mentioned ia the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of these fits. I am aware the law has been broken by eurjisg the bodies of tho dead without giving notioe to the authorities—bat what were,we to do ? We cannot speak English. The notices of the fiat three deaths were sent to the police' through Oarl Berndt. We also sent him tho other five notices, but he refused to sand them on. Maria does not interfere in oaset of dekness. We could not send for a doctor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not much food. I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so coon. Ido not know how often Maria has then trances. She had one last night. Ido not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here because we1 were com manded to do so by the Almighty." While this conversation was going on Maria bad recdveied front her fit, and was watohiog the old man fnn a distance with some littie anxiety, as if she was afraid that be might in his loquacity make certain re velattona that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going dn, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman was like who bad induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation tnd death. . She is a woman aboftt 5 feet In height, and looks about 10 yean ef agev although only owning to 33. She is fsr frejsf ptogitsssssnig ta appearance. In fact, she is tbe mort Ul-favored: of the wbole ??}, .BMinitir-rShe bas a low retreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of ooaraa bjaok hair. She has overhanging Mack eyebrows, j and generally a suspicious uneasy apptaranoe. Her ?ose i? broad and fiat, her lips thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw. With-' ouli*ilttng to have any aufestimu put to lite she commenced a rapid statement, as fallfiwa J —"I have bad these trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to m? when 1. am : in tiiem. I bslieve the Lord speaks to me than. I only ktaowtiwt^tiwiWd has ?tder*i dm to bad a quiet life, and -(excitedly) I deny ' that I was, ever married, or bad anything to do witb men. I don't attempt to guide or inter fere with -these people or their emldren. I' don't try to prevent them going to work. Tbe only thing I try todok to keep them to ihdr religion, and to bring tiie cnOllren u£inttw rifehj way. lam a tutiwran by religion, bmt t b^re^bwttbeAl?jlfhtytftenmpeakstome.- Thls closed ifaa soavsisaiiul, eaa ?be wM advised^o^ to gl*e way to tbese fits tooauch^ from ncr friends and uioaneratton itf?n Sewh* Wortii Asylum. ? ?' ? - ...... ~.!..v. :' Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the statements into consideration, . came to the conclusion that it wai bis duty to order a certain quantity of provisions to be' supplied to these people, and gave aa order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, fee, to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest, for which thay appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the children as they listened to the . list, which was read over by the interpreter; it was evident, although they did not chow it} that * good sub stantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of thoae who have died -.—Mrs. Keiah, aged 70; Pbsc'ra Phibig. 70; WilhelmSohuman,6o;Gojtt. lieb Anders, 50; Herman Anders, 17: Gottlieb : UesstagbroaV 60; Martha Messinghrod,^ • and a still-bom female child. The four now sick are Martha Vitelhoven, with pains In the chest; G*ttri#d rMnnant, aged 60, scurvy and ge&eral; debility; Johanna Dinoant, 36, rheumatism.; Julius Anders, scurvy. As it bad been stated - that the water which these people drank con tained mineral matters, which hod partly caused then- illness, a battle of it was taken away for analysis. The letter which appeared In the Argut was traslated to them, and at several pertiv&s; of it they expressed great indlgnatibn. They emphatically denied that any of their children bad ever ran to the writer srjjl&f; wish, starvation, or that he bad fives them "two pounds when he visited them. Boib of Jam utatoaents- they stigmatised ?a ?rou untruths. All the assistance they had received was ?& from tbe Aaslalde German AasooUtton* and net Cl?asalloged. . 