The Storyteller. Miss Aagel.* CHAPTER I. A PRINT OF SIR JOSHUA'S BY MISS THACKERAY. YESTERDAY, lying on Mr. Colnaghi's table, I I saw a print, the engraving of one of Sir Joshua's portraits. It was the picture of a lady some five or six and twenty years of age. The face is peculiar, Bpnghtly, tender, a little obsti nate. The eyes are very charming and intelli gent The features are broadly marked : there is something at once homely and dignified in their expression. The little head is charmingly set upon its frame. A few pearls are mixed with the heavy loops oi hair ; two great curls fall upon the sloping shoulders ; the slim figure is draped in light folds fastened by jewelled bands, such as people then wore. A loose scarf is tied round the waist Being cold, perhaps, Bitting in Sir Joshua's great studio, the lady had partly wrapped herself in a great fur cloak. The whole effect is very good, nor is it an incon venient dress to sit still and be painted in. How people lived habitually in such clothes I cannot understand. But although garments may represent one phase after another of fashion; loop, writhe, sweep, flounce, wriggle themselves into strange forms and into shapes prim or ro mantic, or practical, as the case may be, yet faces tell another story. They scarcely alter, even in expression, from one generation to another ; the farofli».T looks come travelling down to us in all sorts of ways and vehicles; by paint, by marble, by words, by the music the musician left behind b™n, by inherited instincts. There is some secret understanding transmitted, I do believe, from one set of human beings to another, from year to year, from age to age, ever since Eve herself first opened her shining eyes upon the Garden of Innocence, and flung the apple to her descen dants. This little head, of which I am now writing, has certainly a character of its own. Although H was great Sir Joshua himself who painted Miss Angel—so her friends called her—and set the stamp of his own genius upon the picture, although the engraver has again come between us to reproduce the great master's impression, beyond their art and unconscious influence, and across the century that separates the lady from the print lying on Mr. Colnaghi's table, some feeling of her identity seems to reach one as one stands there in the shop, after years of other tilings and people; an identity that seems to survive in that mysterious way in which people's secret, in tangible feelings do out live the past, the future, and death, and failure, and even success itself. When I began to criticise the looks of my black and- white heroine, and to ask myself if there was anything wanting in her expression, any in describable want of fine perceptive humor, the eyes seemed suddenly to look reproachfully, and to refute my unspoken criticif-m. Those outward signs that we call manners and customs and education have changed since that quick heart ceased to beat, since Miss Angel hved and ruled in her May-Fair kingdom ; but the true things and significations that those signs express are not less true because they have lasted a little longer and gone through a few more evolutions. It is only the false impressions, the exaggerations and affectations that, by a natural law, destroy themselves.- How many did she live out in her appointed span of life, and wear out one by one on her journey towards the truth ? My poor Angel all her life was used to praise .and blame, to be accused of faults she never committed, to be admired for qualities that she scarcely possessed. Art was art, and so indeed was nature, in the language of signs—as it was practised by her and her companions. On the continent, Arcadia was coming to an end; shepherds and shepherdesses were straggling off and driving their flocks before them. Long legged deities, cupids, and heroes in helmets or slashed Bilk hose were colonising English studios, and Olympus was beginning to be in fashion. Fancy and natural feeling are expressed by j odes, by nymphs, and ovals, and mezzotints. Cipriani teaches in his schools ; classic temples are rising in windy gardens (for alas! the climate does not lend itself to this golden age revival), and never were winters more wintry, fogs more enduring, or frosts more nipping than those at the end of the last century. Perhaps to Miss Angel the darkness may have been but as a veil to the sweet dazzling images of her early youth She may have still seemed to see the ennlight through the mists and fogs of the great city where she had cast her lot, and her November may have been splendid still, and set upon a golden background, while she found present sunshine in the admiring eyes of herj friends and lovers. Some lives have in them a quality which may perhaps be compared to that secret of which the early Venetians knew the mystery — some mystery of light, some sweet transparent gift of coloring, a hidden treasure of hope shining through after- shadow. I do not say that this is the highest among the gifts, that there are not far greater things in art and in nature than sweet harmonies of color; but it is a delightful quality in its way, in pictures and in the Uvea of those who look at pictures and of thoee who paint them. Angelica Kauffmann'B is a life so tinted, warmed at the outset by some such broad golden stream thatfloodedits youth with hope,and shone on through a mid-life of storm and shadow. In after days, tears and langour dimmed those brightazure eyes and overmastered the braveapirit that we must all respect and recognise; but to the last moment hope remained—hope for life when ah 1, else was gone; false hope, indeed, to be ! realised by a mightier revelation of life than ours. Poor little Angelica! so true to herself, so defeated in her highest flights, so complete in her victory—not over those things she has set herself to conquer, but over others by the road along which she has struggled valiantly for sixty years. Over-praised, over-loved, de ceived, and satisfied, little by little she had grown up out of the dictionaries and guide-books, out of the faithful old friend Rosses' careful sentences, out of the relics scattered by her hand. She was no genius, as people once thought, no great painter of gods and men. Her heroes stand in satin pumps and feathered toques, her nymphs are futile and somewhat dislocated beings ; one laughs at them, but one loves them too a little. I think that, as far as it lay in her power, Angelica was true to her perceptions. The artificial education of the day cast its constraints upon her simple souL and yet, with all its fail ings, her work is bright with a certain sympathy and transparence, a certain delicacy of rendering, which holds its own even now. Religion, as Angelica painted her, still sits in the South Kensington Museum, surrounded by attendant virtues. There is Hope with her anchor, Faith with her hands crossed upon her breast, Charity reclining in the place of honor. They all have Greek profiles. The inspiration is something like an apotheosis of some of Madame Tussaud's happiest compositions, and yet a certain harmony and innocent enthusiasm re deems it all from utter absurdity, and draws one into sympathy with the painter. One head, crowned and gentle, seemed to shine with a real Italian brightness through the grim November vapors in the galleries, to which I have wandered across a century. Chapter 11. PICTURE GALLERIES. Picture galleries are strange and shifting places, where people come to wonder, to envy, to study, talk nonsence ; sometimes it is to realise their secret hearts painted out upon canvas, and hanging up framed before them—sometimes veils hang before the pictures. It is all there—you see it, know it—and see and know nothing as you pass j by untouched. And then, again, some secret power has dispelled the mists, strange life flashes I along the walls, picture answers picture ; here and there some great dominant chord breaks out in a burst of silent music, imposing its own har mony upon the rest One morning Miss Angel was tired, or cross, or dissatisfied; she had not slept the night before. Her father, as usual, had left her at the gallery to work, bidding her be diligent, but she could not work to good effect; one thing and another disturbed her. Every now and then, their friend and fellow-lodger, Antonio, who was painting in another room, had come in and vexed her by a criticism. " You waste your time at tempting such subject?," he had said; "it is not within your grasp ; you should not accept such commissions." " I must take what comes," said Angelica pet- tishly. "I need not complain when lam given a master-piece to reproduce," "To reproduce!" said Antonio, "you might as well try to paint the sun;" and so he walked away, leaving her discouraged, out of tune. He was a dark heavy-looking man with a very black beard and a yellow face. He had lines of care in his face, and lines of gray in his hair, although he could have been little over thirty yean of age. They had been friends for yean ; Angelica did not know what it would be not to know Antonio, or not to be vexed with him too. It was but rarely that her sweet temper was so ruffled, and it happened to-day that when she was mort angry with Antonio and with herself, a Btranger, young, stately, dressed in deepest mourning, had come up and, with a glance at the picture, had asked her if the charming copy was for sale. Who is one to believe, thinks the poor little painter, as she looks up demurely, poised her brush, and says, "It is an order, and sold already." "You must allow me to envy the fortunate possessor of such a picture copied by so fair a hand," said the stranger in a low voice, bending his handsome head with one of the courteous flourishes then in fashion, and he walked away with long black legs. Then a priest came up to look; then a couple of soldiers ; then a new married couple. " How beautiful," said the bride ; " I like the copy better than the picture—H is a prettier size ; see how she has got it all in." Angel was not unused to compliments ; she was a princess in her own little kingdom, but she did not care for them quite so broadly expressed as thii. She half hoped the prince would come back and give her an order and make her some more consoling speeches. There was something in his manner which interested her. How differ ent from Antonio with his rude abruptness and jealously. Anyone must allow that he was dis agreeable. And then the girl put down her brushes thoughtfully, and left her seat,- and walked up to the great high altar at which she had been worshipping. I can Bee her, though it is a hundred yean since Bhe stood there, and Antonio could see her as he stood watching from the doorway. The light figure in its common faded dress standing before great Titian's altar fires. Her head was a little bent with that gentle turn he knew so well, her thick brown hair was all tied back with a brown ribbon. Her two little feet stood some what far apart, springing, firm, and elastic, from the polished floor. One hand was raised to shade the light from her eyes, in the other—from habit carefully extended —she held her palette. There she stood, for once pale and discouraged, and with dimmed eyes. Her father would be furious if she were to tell him of Antonio's gibes, but then her father was no critic where her work was concerned. This ehe owned in her heart, and perhaps Bhe agreed more often than she chose to acknowledge with Antonio, the jealous, rude, tiresome friend. Ah ! how infinitely pleasanter are acquaintances than friends who live in the house with you, who say anything that comes uppermost That English Signor Dance, whom they had met at Rome, he had praised her work with fervor and sincerity; and the friendly priests in the villa at Como, how they had ex claimed in wonder at her portraits of the Car dinal and his chaplain. If only Antonio would praise her work as they did, tt might give her some courage and interest to go on. So there she stood, pale and discouraged, an inadequate little copyist, blinking at the sun, so she told herself. Presently her heart began to beat, and the color came.mto her cheeks as she forgot her own insignificance and caught some strange terrified emotion from the great achive ment before her. Some fancy came to her that she was one of the women in the crowd looking on with the amazed Apostles, as they stretchtheir astonished hands. The great mystery is being accomplished before their eyes. The Virgin rises cloud-lifted to the jubilant chorus of angels and cherubins; simple, extatic, borne upward upon the resistless vapors. The glories seemed to gather gold, the clouds to drift upon unseen winds, the distance widens and intensifies. This strange great heaven floats and shines again triumphant before the dazzled eyea of the mortals on the galleries. One or two people had gathered round. Had anything occurred in the great assumption? Little old dirty Pinuzzi had crept up to see from his distant corner, where he manfactured his little cherubs with his trembling fingers. He stood clucking his admiration with odd noises and shakings of the head. Then someone sighed deeply ; some strange magnetic thrill of sym pathy possessed them all, as when the bursts of silver trumpets come sounding along St. Peter's, and the crowds respond. ' At that moment a harsh angry voice calls Angelica very peremptorily back to earth again. « Angelica, what doestthou? where is thy mom ing's work ? Why art thou wasting time and money V So the voice begins in German, then the scolding turns into Italian as Antonio cornea up once more. The accuser is a tall, thin^ angry old T", who is gazuig with displeasure at the easeL at the idle brnah, and at Me daughter in the crowd. "Is this your manner of working!" he continues, oblivious of listeners. "It is the best for her," said Antoni6, inter fering. " Hush, John Joseph !" he added in a low voice; "how can you speak to her so." " Be quiet, Antonio ; you can afford, perhaps, to idle your life away. Angelica cannot allow herself that luxury. What has she done all this long morning ?' "Nothing, father r said Angelica, taming round from habit to meet him, and to soothe away his anger, as she could always do, with a word and a fond look; but to-day the sense of the Impossible had over-mastered the custom of the present, and she forgot her artless wiles and her father's displeasure in a sadden longing for some higher achievement and some better ideal Her face changed, the smile faded " I was tired, father, and no wonder," and with a sudden movement she held out her palette to Mm. " Look at this," she said," and look at that? How can Ido it? How can you ask me to do it ? As she spoke, Antonio looked at her with an ap proving flash from beneath his black eyebrows. " What absurdity ?' cried the old man. "Is it to-day that Bhe is to tell me she cannot paint ? After all the crowns she has won—after all the sacrifices her mother and I have made—all the hopes we have indulged in ! Why did you not say bo to Joseph Horosco when he gave you the order? Ungrateful gW!" | The tears which started to Angelica's eyes changed her future destiny for years and years. ! " Might I, a stranger, venture to ask a favor ?" j said tiie stranger lady, once more addessing Angelica from her waves of satin, of laces, and speaking in a very sweet and melancholy voice. "I am leaving Venice in a week. I should regret my going less, if I might carry away something to recall the happy hours I have spent." Gently certain of herself, she looked from the father to the daughter. She was not used te see life from any but her own aspect and level. The father's reproaches, tike daughters tears, were a revelation to this fanciful, impressionable per sonage, who was not used to be thwarted, and who had suddenly determined to make this girl happy, and to wipe away her tears with her own cambric handerchief, if need be. " Perhaps," she continued, addressing the old man with a charming dignified grace, " you would allow me, sir, to take your daughter home in my gondola ? Would you trust yourself to my care ?" she said to Miss Angel. "We might consult on the subject of the picture, which I hope you may consent to paint for me. I should like to show you my children and my husband, who would make a noble study." Angel's blue eyes answer unconsciously to the two shining flashes, the smile that greets her. It seemed as if they were friends already. The lady did not speak, only smiled and looked for an answer. A gentle fragrance seemed to come with each wave of her fan—the great flaunting fan with jewelled sticks. She was dressed in white, with gray fur trimmings and pearls, and she wore long mittens on her arms. " A picture ! I should like to paint you just as you are," thought Angelica, " You great ladies can make yourselves into pictures." Old Pintuzzi whispered something into Kauff mann's ear. "It is her Excellency the English Ambassadress," he said. Old Kautfmann bowed to the ground. | " You are too good to my poor child," said the old fellow. "My daughter's name is perhaps not unknown to your Excellency—Angelica Kauff mann," he repeated proudly. "I, her father, may truly say that her name is known in all Italy. We have lately come from Naples, where all the galleries were thrown open to us—that of the Palace of Capo de Monte, and many others. Her gifts of music and painting, her remarkable precocity, have " "Dear father," said Angelica, interrupting; "the lady has judged me too favorably already. Antonio describes my poor performances very differently." She spoke with a smile, Jout she wounded her poor plain-speaking friend to the heart He turned pale and abruptly walked off to the other end of the room, where he stood looking at a picture that he did not see. It was Tintoret's " Slave delivered from torture." Poor Antonio. I St Marc had not yet come to bunt his bonds. "I thank you, sir, for telling me your daughter's name. Indeed, I half suspected that it might be her. Her brilliant reputation is well • known to me and many of my friends," said the I lady. "My friend the Abbe Franck showed me a most interesting letter from Rome not long ago, describing her rare gifts. The Abbe Winkleman speaks of her, too, with enthusiastic praise. I have little to offer as a temptation to one so gifted ; but if she will accept me as a friend, it will be conferring a favor that I shall know how to value." The lady held out her hand as she spoke, and Angelica gladly took it in her young grateful clasp. Old Kanfimann's eyes glistened when Angelica started off with this high company, dressed in her shsbby dress, timid, yet resolute, the com peer of any lady in the land. No thought of any difference of rank discomposed her. As she prepared to accompany her new found protec tress, the girl was bewitched by the beautiful lady. Chapter m. GONDOLAS. The boat rocked backwards and forwards to the gondolier's circling oar, the shadows danced a delicious contredanse. Splash gentle oar, rise domes and spires upon the vault, sing voices call ing along the water, stream golden suns reflected there. The gondola flies down a noisy side-street j towards an open place where the canals diverge ; . the shadows part, and fire is streaming from the tumultuous ripples. Aheu ! cry thegondoliero ; for a moment all is swinging confusion; then the flashing boats and the heavy-laden barges make way before bis Excellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Her Excellency the English Ambawsdniiiw leans back among her cushions, looking out languidly; the lights flash from the upper windowsof the tall palaces, balconies startoverhead marked upon the sky. Now it is a palace to let, with wooden shutters swinging in the shadow; now they pass the yawning vaults of great ware houses piled with safforn and crimson dyes, where barges are moored and workmen straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks j 1 up ; they are passing the great brown wall of , some garden terrace ; a garland has crept over 1 the brick, and droops almost to the water ; one little spray encircles a rusty ring hanging there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over the wall—a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain unpowdered hair, a mourning dress. He bows low from his terrace walk, looking with a grave unmoved face. The Ambassadress smiles and kisses her pretty loosely gloved fingers. "This is a new friend of my lord's," she says, smiling to her companion, who looks up in turn at the head against the sky. Angelica wonders where she has seen that dark head before; then she remembers that it was in the gallery scarce an hour ago. She is a little shy but quite com posed as she leans lightly back in her place by the great lady; her stuff dress looks somewhat oat of keeping with the splendid equipage where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver fl»ma«k t ami the very awnings are of soft flame-colored sOk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress* orders, in place of the black hood which oppressed her, for she loves light and air and liberty. Now they touch the palace walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through an old archway; here are boats and voices, the gondolier's earrings twinkle in the sun, here are vine wreaths, and steps where children, those untiring spectators of life, are clustering; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go by. A little brown faced boy is lying with bid brown legs in the sun on tiie very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water; he lazfly raises his head to look, and falls back again ; now a black boat passes like a ghost, its slender points start upwards in a line with the curve of yonder spire; now it is out of all this swing of shadow and confusion they cross a broad sweet breadth of sunlight, and come into the Grand CanaL A handsome young oouple are gliding by, and look up in admiration at the beautiful lady. Beautiful in glistening gray and fcWtng lace, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond aigrette shining in her powdered hairl— dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple are dazzled, that the dark- faced man looks out from the terraced wall, that the girl sitting by the lady's side is bewitched by all that grace, beauty, and kindness. Iteomesasa revelation to her, and seems to illuminate all the beauty of this new world in which she finds herself for the first time, awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by some loving revelation of the eyes and the """gtimtitm ■ The Ambus—dress made Angelica answer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly ftW»nf"g in her manner, full of interest and kindness, bat her questions wen almost mm than Angelica cared to answer. She told herself that with one so kind, so beautiful, she need have no reserve, and yet people found it difficult at times to be quite natural and unreserved with this great lady. By degress, as the conversation went on, she had felt some curious, anxious, restless influence upon her nerves. She could hardly define it, nor why she was at once more and more charmed and agitated ; but she was not the first who had ex perienced th» curious impression. "Was that her father ?' and " Was that young imm a rela tion ?" " Had she a mother," the great lady had asked. " I have a dead mother," said Angelica, with a very sweet expression ; " her name was Cleope Luden. We used to live at Coire, by the side of the stream ; her bed-room window hung over the water, and she used to hold my hand and let me lean out as far as possible. We were very poor, though, and my father could not get on ; he found work at Morbegno, and we all went away. I cried when I left my home and the terrace-garden, and my mother wiped my tears with her apron, and kissed my hands. She used , to teach me, and keep me with her always. I never left her till sheleffc me—that was nearly five years ago," said Angelica very softly.. " She was very beautiful; I have never seen anyone like her. To-day, when you spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had something of her." " Who is your dark friend ?" said Lady W., who had lost the thread for a moment. *" Are you engaged to be married ?" Angelica shook her head. " I am married to my brush," she said gaily; " I want no other husband. Before I came here I sometimes thought there might be other thing 3 in life ; but when I saw theseglorious works, which seem to me to surpass even the Caraccis in magnificent com position?, I feel that it is as much as my poor soul can grasp." She pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, and looked up—an eager young spirit longing to take its flight—over trained, over stimulated by praise—by a sense of enthusiastic responsibility perhaps, but full of hope, of courage, of trust in the future. In some mysterious way she imagined at times that Raphael and Titian, and her beloved Caraccis and Caravaggio, were all waitiug in some painter's Paradise anxiously expecting to see her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her art, some sort of light would come into her face. Such enthusiasm is often something in itself an inspiration not to be despised ; but it does not create the gifts that should belong to it by rights. When Angelica talked of art, die was a little conscious, perhaps ; but it was a sweet,- artless conscipnsness, and from her very heart she loved her work. " It was nice a new soul in my soul," she said with her sweet voice, " when I came here first and learned to know them aIL Before that I sometimns imagined . . . Angelica laughed. " Girls have their fancies," she said. " And have you no fancies said her patroness, very seriously. " Mine is a cold heart, I fear," said the girl; " I have to earn money for our home, and to take care of my father in my mother's place. My interests are too great to leave place in my heart for love." " But could you imagine love without in. , terest," odd the Ambassadress, very quickly; " sorely, interest is the very soul of love." "Then my love is for Titian, for the great Veronese, for Tintoret," cried Angelica, flushing and excited. " These are the altars at which I now worship," she said, pointing to the Doge's Palace they were now approaching* " And so these pictures cared yon of all other lore?" said the Ambassadress, looking at Angelica curiously, with her great lady expres sion ; as she spoke they were sliding by th* Leoni of St. Marc, and the Ambassadress suddenly called to her gondolier to stop. Then, with a charming Budden change of manner, she said, " Now you must be my leader, and I will be your pupil; take me to see your pictures." Angelica was not surprieed. It seemed to her a very natural impulse. She did not know that a whole household was waiting while they deli berately walked from room to room in noble company. Gods and heroes, allegories in white satin, Venice ruling the world; all the pomp, all the splendor of life, is there; and then they come to a vast room fuil of present, past, and future. A cicerone is explaining a fresco on the wall " This picture represents the entire human race and the kingdom of Heaven," he says ; " Tin toret painted it when he was seventy-five years of " " Don't listen to him," said Angelica, " you will not care for this : come with me." And the two figures pass on. At first this paradise of Tintoret is so strange that no wonder the lovely world outside the beautiful courtyard, the flying birds, and drift ing Venetians, the great golden September, seem more heavenly to those who are basking in its sweetness. Buttherearethoeewhobydegreeswith pain and some self-denial, climb in spirit to the strange crowded place towards which old Tin toret's mighty soul was bent. Ha has painted surprise and rapture in the face of a soul which is just coming out into this great vortex. It is circling in sudden pools and gleams of peace. Mary Mother above, turning- to her son, with outstretched arms, and pointing to them all with tender motherhood. In the great eventful turmoil a man sits absorbed in a book, reading unmoved. Angels, with noble wings, take stately flights, cross and recross the darkened canvas. A far-away pro cession passes in radiance. Tintoretto's power is that of a Goethe or a Shakspeare; he paints what he sees—what is now and ever shall be while this world exists. Would you have other revelations of this | mighty mind, let us follow Angelica and her pupil into a side room, where by a window that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well charm them by its tender dawning-like. grace. Ariadne holds out her languid hand. Bacchus rises from the sea. Half a floating dream, half a vision; almost here, almost there upon the wall. The picture seemed to float into their very hearts. Peace saw the honeon, while the wonderful tale of love was told anew. Bacchus beseeching Ariadne—tender, passionless, pitifuL Pity was there, somehow painted upon the har mony and the silence. They neither of them moved nor spoke. The elder lady stood absorbed, and her thoughts travelled away, far, far from the pictures, while Angelica, with her constraining blue eyes, looked at her for sympathy and for kindred experi ences, "This must be love—the very spirit of true feeling and sentiment V cried the girL "Do you think so T said Lady W. "I do not think she loves him much; she is still thinking of Theseus." " But sentiment a, whether people feel it or not," said Angelica. As she spoke a great clock began to strike, and some birds whirred past the window, casting their shadows across the picture. 'My dear child," said the Ambassadress, suddenly becoming a grand lady again ; "-we must not waste any more time upon sentiment. Come, let us go back to the gondola." As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with his color-box under his arm; he would have passed them without a word; but Angelica smiled and kissed her. hand. When they reached the gondola, the Ambassadress sank down with a sigh. " There is that gentleman again," said Angelica' looking back. The mysterious stranger was just stopping into his gondola from the steps of the Piazza. Had he been in the palace ; she had not seen him there. * The right <>f i-epuU-.si.iti;; " Mi<« Aiyel" lms Itxu purchased by the prunrict-.: j of TU <i'Ut-tt(a.ti'lcr. 