His Natural Life By Marcus Clarke. Carsten XVII.?(Coii(imicd). AT SEA. A shirt convict servants had been a pick- pocket of note in days gone by left the clergy- man to propose in a handsomely furnished drawing-room, whose sun- blinds revealed a wealth of bright garden flecked with shadows,- while he went in search of Miss Vickers. The Major was out, it seemed his duties as Superintendent of Convicts rendering such absences necessary ; but Miss Vickers was in the garden, and could be called in at once. The Reverend Meekin, wiping his heated brow, and pulling down his spotless wristbands, laid himself back on the soft sofa, soothed by the elegant surroundings no less than by the coolness of the atmosphere. Having no better comparison at hand, he compared this luxurious room, with its soft couches, brilliant flowers, and opened piano, to the chamber in the house of a West India planter, where all was glare and heat and barbarism without, and all soft and cool and luxurious within. He was so charmed with this comparison he had a knack of being easily pleased with his own thoughts? that he commenced to turn a fresh sentence for the Bishop, and to sketch out an eloquent description of the oasis in his desert of vineyard. While at this occupation, he was disturbed, by the sound of voices in the garden and it appeared to him that someone near at hand was sobbing and crying. Softly stepping on to the broad verandah, he saw, on the grass plant, two persons? an old man and a young girl. The sobbing proceeded from the old man. " Deed, miss, it's the truth, on my sowl 1 I've but just come back to yez this morning. 0 my I but it's a cruel trick to play an ould man." He was a white- haired old fellow, in a gray suit of convict frieze, and stood leaning with one venous hand upon the pedestal of a vase of roses. " But it is your own fault, Danny wo all warned you against her," said the young girl, softly. " Sure ye did. But oh ! how did I think it, Miss I 'Tis the second time she served me so." " How long was it this time, Danny ?" "Six months, miss. She said I was a drunkard, and beat her. Beat her, God help me 1" stretching forth two trembling hands. " And they believed her, o' course. Now, when I keep back, there's no little place all trampled by the boys, and shoes away and a ship's captain, saving your presence, miss, drinking in the George the Fourth. O my, but it's hard on an ould man I" and he fell to sobbing again. The girl sighed. " I can do nothing for you, Danny. I dare say you can work about the garden as you did before. I'll speak to the Major when he comes home." Danny, lifting his cleared eyes to thank her, caught Right of Mr. Meekin, and saluted abruptly. The girl turned round, and Mr. Meekin, bowing his apologies, became conscious that she was about seventeen years of ago, that her eyes were large and soft, her hair plentiful and bright, and that the hand which held a little book she had been reading was white and small. " Miss Vickers, I think. My name is Meekin the Reverend Arthur Meekin." "How do you do, Mr. Meekin!" says Sylvia, putting out one of the small hands, and looking straight at him. " Papa will be in directly." " His daughter more than compensates for his absence, my dear Miss Vickers." " I don't like flattery, Mr. Meekin, so don't use it. At least," she added, with a delicious frankness, that seemed born of her very bright- ness and beauty, " not that sort of flattery. Young girls do like flattery, of course. Don't you think so ?" This rapid attack quite disconcerted Mr. Meekin, and he could only bow and smile at the self-possessed young lady. " Go into the kitchen, Danny, and tell them to give you some tobacco. Say I sent you. Mr. Meekin, won't you come in I" " A strange old gentleman that, Miss Vickers. A faithful retainer, I presume 1" " An old convict-servant of ours," said Sylvia. "He was with papa many years ago. He has got into trouble lately, though, poor old man." " Into trouble ?" asked Mr. Meekin, as Sylvia took off her hat. " On the roads, you know. That's what they call it here. He married a free woman much younger than himself, and she makes him drink and then gives him in charge for insubordina- tion." " For insubordination ! Pardon me, my dear young lady', did I understand you rightly '(" "Yes, insubordination. He is her assigned servant, you know," said Sylvia, as if such a condition of things was the most ordinary in the world " and if he misbehaved himself, the sends him back to the road-gang." The Reverend Mr. Meekin opened his mild eyes very wide indeed. " What an extraordinary anomaly I 1 um beginning, my dear Miss Vickers, to find myself indeed at the antipodes." " Society here is different from society in England, I believe. Most new arrivals Bay so," returned Sylvia, quietly. " But for a wife to imprison her husband, my dear young lady I" "She can have him flogged if she likes. Danny has been (logged. But then his wife is a bad woman. He was very Billy to marry her; but you can't reason with an old man in love, Mr. Meekin." Mr. Meekin's Christian brow had grown crimson, and his decorous blood tingled to his finger tips. To hear a young lady talk in such an open way, was terrible. Why, in reading the Decalogue from the altar, Mr. Meekin was accustomed to soften one indecent prohibition, lest its uncompromising plainness of speech might offend the delicate sensibilities of his female souls He turned from the dangerous theme without an instant's pause for wonder at the strange power accorded to Hobart Town "free" wives. " You have been reading ?" "' Paul el Virginie.' I have read it before in English." " Ah, you read French, then, my dear young lady ?" " Not very well. I had a master for some months, but papa had to send him back to the gaol again. He stole a silver tankard out of the dining-room." " A French master ! Stole-!" " He was a prisoner, you know. A clever man. He wrote for the ' London Magazine.' I have read his writings. Some of them are quite above the average." " And how did he come to be transported'!" asked Mr. Meekin, feeling that his vineyard was getting larger than he had anticipated. " Poisoning his niece, I think, but I forget the particulars. He was a gentlemanly man, but, oh, such a drunkard !" Mr. Meekin, more astonished than ever at this strange country, where beautiful young ladies talked of poisoning and (logging as matters of little moment, where wives imprisoned their husbands, and murderers taught French, per- fumed the air with his London-bought cambric in silence." " You have not been here long, Mr. Meekin," said Sylvia after a pause. " No, only a week," says Meekin ; "and I confess I am surprised. A lovely climate, but, as I said just now to Mrs. Jellicoe, the Trail of the Serpent? Trail of the Serpent my dear young lady." "If you Bond all the wretches in England here, you must expect the Trail of the Serpent," says Sylvia. " It isn't the fault of the colony." " Oh, no ; certainly not," returns Meekin, hastening to apologise. " But it is very shocking. " Well, you gentlemen should make it better. I don't know what the penal settlements are like, but the prisoners in the town have not much inducement to become good men." "They have the beautiful Liturgy of our Holy Church read to them twice every week, my dear young lady," says Mr. Meekin, as who should solemnly say, if that doesn't reform them, what will " Oh, yes," returned Sylvia, " they have that certainly ; but that is only on Sundays. But don't let us talk about this, Mr. Meekin," she added, pushing back a stray curl of golden hair. " Papa says that I am not to talk about these things, because they are all done according to the Rules of the Service, as he calls it." "An admirable notion of papa's," Bays Meekin, much relieved as the door opened, and Vickers and Frere entered as 5 The copyright of "His Natural Life" Um been purchased by the proprietors of The Qutenilcnuin- from Mr. Marcus Clarke. Vickers' hair had grown white, but Frere carried his thirty years as easily as some men carry two-and-twenty. Mr. dear Sylvia," cries Vicker?, hero's an extraordinary thing I" and then, becoming conscious of the presence of the agitated Meekin, he paused. " You know Mr. Meekin, papa ?" says Sylvia. " Mr. Meekin, Captain Frere." " I have that pleasure," says Vickers. " Glad to see you, sir. Pray sit down." Upon which Mr. Meekin witnessed Sylvia unaffectedly kiss both gentlemen but became strangely aware that the kiss bestowed upon her father was warmer than that which greeted her affianced husband. "Warm weather, Mr. Meekin," says From. " Sylvia, my darling, I hope you have not been out in the heat. You have! My dear, 1' we begged you -" " It's not hot at all," Bays Sylvia, pettishly. "Nonsense 1 I'm not made of butter I shan't meet. Thank you, dear, you needn't pull the blind down." And then, as though angry with herself for her anger, she added, "You are always thinking of me, Maurice," and gave him her little hand affectionately. " It is very oppressive-, Captain Frere," says Meekin ; " and to a stranger, quite enervating." " Have a glass of wine," says Froro, as if the house was his own, " One wants bucking up a bit a day like this." " Ay, to be sure," repeated Vickers. " A glass of wine, Sylvia dear, some sherry. I hope she has not been attacking you with her strange theories, Mr. Meekin i" "Oh, dear no ; not at all," returned Meekin, feeling that this charming young lady was evidently regarded as a creature who was not to be judged by ordinary rules. " We got on famously, my dear Major quite famously." "That's right," said Vickers. "Silo is very plain-spoken is my little girl, and strangers can't understand her sometimes. Can they, Poppet J" Poppet tossed her head saucily. "I don't know," she said. "Why shouldn't they? But you were going to say something extraordinary when you came in. What is it, dear?" "Ah I" says Vickers, with grave face. " Yea, a most extraordinary thing. They've caught those villains." " What, you don't mean No, papa 1" says Sylvia, turning round with alarmed face. In that little family There were, for conversa- tional purposes, but one set of villains in the world? the Mutineers of the Osprey. "They've got four of them in the bay at this moment? Rex, Barker, Shiers, and Lesly. They are on board the Lady Jane. The most extraordinary story 1 over heard in my life. The fellows got to China and passed themselves off as shipwrecked sailors. The merchants in Canton got up a subscription, and sent them to London. They were recognised there by old Pirie, who had been surgeon aboard the ship they came out in." Sylvia sat down on the nearest chair, with heightened color. "And where are the others ?" " Two were executed in England ; the other six have not been taken. These follows have been sent out for trial." "To what do you alluding, dear air I" asked Meekin, eyeing the Sherry with the gaze of a fasting saint. " The piracy of a convict brig five years ago," says Vickers. "The scoundrels put my poor wife and child ashore, and left them to starve. If it hadn't been for Frere God bless him ! they would have died. They shot the pilot and a soldier?and?but it's a long story to tell now." " I have heard of it already," said Meekin, sipping the Sherry, which another convict servant had brought for him "and of your gallant conduct, Captain Frere." " Oh, that's nothing," says From, reddening. " We were all in the same boat. Poppet, have a glass of wine ?" " No," Says Sylvia, "I don't want any." She was staring at the strip of sunshine between the verandah and the blind, as though the blight light might enable her to remember something." What's the matter?" Buys Frere, bending over her. " I was trying to recollect, but I can't, Maurice. It is all confused. 1 only remember a great shore and a great sea, and two men, one of whom Hints you, dear? carried me in his arms." "Dear, dear," said Mr. Meekin. "She was unite a baby," said Vickers, hastily, as though unwilling to admit that her illness had been the cause of her forgetfulness. " Oh, no; I was twelve years old," Hays Sylvia ; " That's not a baby, you know. But I think the fever made me stupid." Frere, looking at her uneasily, shifted in his seat. " There, don't think about it now," he said. " Maurice," asked she suddenly, " what became of the other lunn!" " Which other man V " The man who was with us ; the other one, you know." " Poor Bates t" " No, not Bates. The prisoner. What was his native J" " Oh, ah the prisoner," said Frere as if he, too, had forgotten. "Why you know, darling, he was sent to Part Arthur." " Ah !" says Sylvia, with a shudder. " And is he there still?" " I believe he,'" said Frere, with a frown, as if the subject was distasteful to him. " By-the-bye," Haiti Vickers, " I suppose we shall have to get that fellow up for the trial. We have to identify the villains." "Can't you and I do that?" says Frere, uneasily. " I am afraid not. I wouldn't like to swear to a man after five years." " By George, says Frero, "1'dtmca.r to him 1 When once I had a man's face? that's enough for me." " We had better get up a few prisoners who were at the Harbor at the time," says Vickers, as if wishing to terminate the discussion. I wouldn't let the villains slip through my fingers for anything." " And are the men at Port Arthur old men ?" asked Meekin. " Obi convicts," returned Vickers. Him our place for colonial sentence men. The worst we have are there, It has taken the place of Macquarie Harbor. What excitement there will be among them when the schooner goes down on Monday 1" " Excitement I Indeed ! How charming ! Why?" asked Meekin. " To bring up the witnesses, my dear sir. Most of the prisoners are Lifors, you nee, also a trip to Hobart Town iH like a holiday for them." "And do they never leave the place when sentenced for life V said Meekin, nibbling a biscuit. " How distressing !" " Never, except when they die," answered Frere, with a laugh ; " and then they are buried on an Island. Oh, it's a fine place ! You should come down with us and have a look at it, Mr. Meekin. Picturesque, I can assure you." " My dear Maurice," says Sylvia, going to the piano, as if in protest to the turn the conversation was talking, "How can you talk like that !'? " I should much like to see it," said Meekin, still nibbling, " for Sir John was saying one thing about a chaplaincy there, and I understand that the climate is quite endurable." The convict servant, who had entered with some official paper for the Major, stared at the dainty clergyman, and rough Maurice laughed again. " Oh, it's a Htuuning climate," he said and nothing to do. just the place for you, There's a regular little colony there. All the scandals in Van Diemen'.) Land are hatched at Port Arthur." This agreeable chatter about scandal and climate seemed a strange contrast to the grave- yard island and the men who were prisoners for life. Perhaps Sylvia thought so, for she struck a few chords, which, compelling the party, out of sheer politeness, to cease talking for the moment, caused the conversation to flag, and hinted to Mr. Meekin that it was time for him to depart. " Good afternoon, dear Miss Vickers," he said, rising with his sweetest smile. " Thank you for your delightful music. That piece in an old, old friend of mine. It was quite a favourite of dear Lady Jane at the Bishop's. Pray excuse me, my dear Captain Frere, but this strange occur rence of the capture of the wreckers, you know must be my apology for touching on a delicate subject How charming to contemplate I Yourself and your dear young lady The preserved and preserver, dear Major. ' None but the brave, you know, none but the brave, none but the brave, deserve the fair !' You remember glorious John, of. course. Well, good afternoon." .,, "Its rather a long invitation," Bald Vickers, always well disposed to anyone who praised his daughter, "but if you've nothing better to do, come and dine with us on Christmas Day, Mr. Meekin. We usually have a little gathering then." "Charmed," said Mr. Meekin?"charmed, I am sure. It is so refreshing to meet with persons of one's own tastes in this delightful colony. Kindred souls together knit,' you know, dear Miss Vickers. Indeed, yes. Ones more? good afternoon." Mercurial Sylvia burst into laughter as the door closed. "What a ridiculous creature" said she. "Bless the man, with his gloves and his umbrella, and his hair and his scent ! Fancy that mining noodle showing me the way to Heaven I I'd rather have old Mr. Bowes, paper, though he is as blind as a beetle, and makes you so angry by bottling up his trumps as you call it." "My dear Sylvia," says Vickers, seriously, Mr. Meekin is a clergyman, you know." "Oh, I know," Bays Sylvia, but then, a clergyman can talk like a man, can't be Why do they send such people here I am sure they could do much better at home. Oh, by the way, papa dear, poor old Danny's come back again. I told him he might go into the kitchen, May he, dear?" " You'll have the house full of these vagabonds, you little puss," says Vickers, kissing her "I suppose I must let him stop. What has he been doing now ?" " His wife," says Sylvia, " locked him up, you know, for being drunk. Wife ! What do people want with wives, I wonder." " Ask Maurice 1" said her father, smiling. Sylvia jumped away, and tossed her head. " What does he know about it Maurice, you are a great bear and if you hadn't saved my life, you know I shouldn't love you a bit. Thurs, you may kiss me" (her voice grew suffer). "This convict business has brought it all back; and I should be ungrateful if I didn't love you, dear." Maurice Frere, with suddenly crimsoned face, accepted the preferred caress, and then turned away to the window. A gray-clothed man was working in the garden, and whistling as he worked. " They're not be badly off'," said Frere under his breath. " What's that, sir!" asked Sylvia. "That I'm not half good enough for you," cried Frere, with sudden vehemence. "I? I-" " It's my happiness that you've got to think of Captain Brain," said the girl. "You've saved my life, haven't you, and I should be wicked if I didn't love you 1 No, no more kisses," she added, putting out her hand. " Come, papa, love, its cool now, let's walk in the garden, and leave Manrico to think of his own unworthiness." Maurice watched the retreating pair with a puzzled expression. She always leaves me for her father," he said to himself. "I wonder if she really loves me, or if it's only gratitude, after all ?" He had often asked himself the same question during the five years of Ina wooing, but he had never satisfactorily answered it. [TO UK CONTINUED.] How did Queen Elizabeth take her pills ? In cider. A man sticks at nothing when he tries to stab a ghost. TwENTY-FIVE years ago in Missouri boy left his home and started out to become President of the United States. That boy is now one of the best shoemakers in the Ohio State Prison. The Cause Thick. "You have played the deuce with my head," said a gentleman to a lady who was his partner in a game of whist. " Well," replied the lady, " it was because you played the knave." What holds all the stuff in the world No one rose. TilliliK is nothing that will set the tide of grief welling up in a widower bosom quicker than the appearance of a fresh rift alongside the old patch in his trousers. Bad temper bills at both ends ; it makes one's self Hourly as miserable as it does other peoples' Arthur Helps. To a Squire who was boosting of his- horse's Bpecil, Footu, the witty comedian, replied, " Poul.! my horse will stand faster than, yours can gallop." Oi'iniox.?" Pay me that six and eightpence you owe me. Mr. Maleroney," snail a village attorney. " For what I" " For the opinion you had hit me." " Faith, I never had' any opinion of you in all my life." When you see a woman with a. rawhide Iud in the back drapery of her mourning wrapper, and calling William Borromeo in a liner about four octaves above high C, you may know that a whal- ing expedition is about to set sail.. lil', hold the old shirt up by the neck before discarding it for over, but he wasn't mourning for the garment. He only said thusly, " I wish I had all the drinks again. that have gone through that old neckband'!" Ow; evening lately, at a well-known actress" performance in the " Hunchback," when she said,. " Clifford, why don't you speak to me ?" one off the spectators replied, in an audible voice, "Do, Clifford. 1 would if she'd' talk to me in that way." The: English North Pole expedition refused to take any wanton along. in that frozen country, you know, a human voice can be heard two miles, and it's a mean trick not to let the women have a Alliance to see if they couldn't be heard twice as far. Unait Quotation man who has a red- headed sweetheart, addressed her as " Sweet Auburn, loveliest of the plain." Sweet Auburn got mad about it. She objected to being classed among the " plain," even though called the loveliest of them. That Detroit garden propounded an awful coiiu.iilrn.n the other day, said he : " If Christopher Columbus had got drunk on the morning he was to sail for America, and had been led to the station-house, where would America, have been to-day ?" A ci.i.oiiKU child had a full from a second story window, the other day, and his mother, in relat- ing the occurrence of a grocery, said I " Dere dat chile was a cumin' down feet first, with every chance of being' killed, when de Lawd Hu turned him over, de alike struck on his head, and there wasn't no funds as a button (law offices Louis Kossuth, the Magyar patriot, has had his "Life Records" passed throng", the Press. Miss Martineau, one of the iiKiHt remarkable literary women of the Victorian era, has her memoirs advancing towards completion. General (Garibaldi has at last consented to tell his own story an a worker for the regeneration of Italy. On dit that Earl Russell has composed autobio- graphical recollections of a most voluminous diameter; and that Pius IX. has drawn up a narrative of " The Life of a Pope." From Captain Tyler's official return, it appears that the total number of persons recorded at the Board of Trade as having been killed on the railways of the United Kingdom last year was 1121, and the number of injured 5041. Of these, '291, persons killed, and 1081 persona injured, were passengers ; of the remainder, 783 killed, and 238 injured, were officers or servants, of the companies or contractors and 425 killed, and 21 injured were trespassers, suicides, or others who met with accidents at level crossings, or from miscellaneous causes. In Algeria they have divorce courts and divorce judges, but apparently no Queen's proctors. Yet the intervention of some such official, if speedy enough, might have proved useful at Constantine the other day to Cash Si Said Ben MihouL the Sir James Hannon of the district. The wife of Bol-Kiiflsem appeared before the Call and demanded a divorce from her husband on the ground that he had ill-treated her. In spite of the strenuous opposition of the respondent, the Cadi gave judgement in favour of the lady, who triumphantly pronounced the orthodox formula, " I repudiate the," bounced out of the court. Bel-Kassciu, moved by his late wife's misplaced exultation, desired to lodge an appeal against the sentence ; but, being assured that it would be useless, consented to accept his fate. The custom of the country wills that a defeated suitor kiss his judge upon the shoulder to show that he acknowledges the justice of his sentence. In accordance with this uBago Bel-Kassem, in apparent submission, moved towards the Cadi. But as he drew near him his manner suddenly changed. Dashing aside his burness, he sprang upon the unfortunate judge, and drove his knife into his breast. The murderer then threw down his weapon and surrendered himself to the gendarmes,. saying quietly, " I have killed the Cadi, because, according to the Koran, a judge who gives an unjust sentence deserves to be put; to death. 