THE DINNER. Thoogh I am not well versed in the ante cedents of Casterton, with regard to cricketing and other public dinners, 1 think I am jnsti6ed in saying that there has never been an affair of the same nature which has been attended with toe sameamoout of anccees, as this banquet given by the Casterton Clnb in hooonr of their, guests, toe Portland Cricket Clob. About seventy gentlemen sat down in the Court House, on the Glenelg Inn premises to a very samptoooB repast — au affair which reflected the' highest credit upCn the host and hostess of that ancient Ion (for Victoria), and will .still further spread the fame of tbe old hostelry. Mr. A. S. Murray. President of tbe Cricket Club, occupied, the post of honour ; the Vice- Chair was ably filled by -Mr. Manning, known to fame as the Mayor of Port land, bnt, higher honour still, as President of the Portland Cricket Clnb. The Casterton Band was in attendance, and toe company plied their knives and forks to tbe rather overpowering strains of 44 our own" baud. Tbe usual loyal toast was proposed, sod then followed others, thick and fast, and the work of laudation went its usual oourse. The conquerors, with tbateablime mock humility ofteo to be observed in the after-diaoer speeches of cricketers, extolled their adver saries to the skies. Toast after toast followed io rapid succession, agreeably interspersed with 8»ngs. The Cap was placed in the centre of the table, and the Portlanders eyed it with the critical eyes of those who miht possibly at some not very distant date become its possessors. The toast of "Kindred Clubs" brought out expressions of cordial good will towards the C.C.C. from their different repre sentatives, Messrs. Heales, J. £L Jackson, and TVtherleieb. all speaking in resiKrase io the toast, and here occurred the only inter raption to the harmony <»f the company as sembled. Mr. Tytherleigh spoke out man- folly and well on behalf of bis club, although I could have wished that the late dispute bad been allowed to slumber, and upon Mr. Tytherleigh asserting that Coleraine had not lost tbe Cup— although they bad parted with it— the expression of dissent from that geo tleman'e view of the matter was sufficiently convincing that the views and opinion enter tained by Mr. Tytherleigh were neither ap proved nor felt by tbe majority of those present. I hope that the difference existing between Coleraine and Hamilton io this matter may be allowed to heal, and these clubs may meet each other again to renew friendly contests, without allowing the ghost of a disembodied feud to obtrude its unwel come presence between brother cricketers. Let standing quarrels be left to those uh"8e natures it is akin to j but I conjure toem, for tbe honour of tbe oldest and most manly sport we have, not to let tbe season of 1875 close upon them in anger. I trust I shall be pardoned this digression, and io concluding my remarks upon this match, I sincerely trnst that it will be toe precursor of many such, and this was the opinion of all assem bled at this merry making. I bave not indi vidualised the speakers, nor the toasts, neither have 1 the temerity to trespass at any greater length oo your space, and, moreover, tbe details of cricket dinners are tinged with a great amount of sameness, and would bave tbe tediousness of a twioe-told tale, in addition to toe tales bring perhaps ill-told. 