Law and Criminal Courts. SUPREME COURT. — IN EQUITY. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14. CAUSE LIST. Levi v. Ayers. Demurrer. Levi v. Ayers. Demurrer. Maisey v. Wadham. Minister of order. ; In tbe matter of James Warringvon, to be spoken to; deceased. Petition for judicial opinion. POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY ADELAIDE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 13. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., and C. S. Hare, J.P.J Elizabeth Shadrack, married woman, Tlutmas Quelch, labourer, "RavritUa, Angar, married woman, Emma Willis, single girl, and Margaret Wilson, were fined 10s. each for drunkenness. : Emma Willis, for using indecent language, bad to POT 10s. Jo7cn Bond Fkipson, labourer, charged with using indecent langur.go, said he did not thiak he was right in his heal, and if let off would leave Adelaide end not appear again. Mr. Beddome—"Sfou wiii be abie ti go at tho expiration of ono calendar month." Sent to ga >1 for a moni-b. Robert Northwy, bioci-south, f or uttering foul language, bail to pay 10a., aud fjr insulting behaviour is Euadle-fitrofct, tvj.s linel 10s. Charles P> iiduird, an aboriginal, was mulcted in 10s. for drunkenness, and was than charged with assaulting an aboriginal female nainsd Emily Hankies, who st;ite:J thai defendant struck her aDd bit a piece out of her cheok. Ccminitted tu gaol for three months with hard labour. Charl-et Hall, a very small juvenile, was informed against for being a negUcted child. It was stated that the youngster's father, Daniel Hall, was in the oountry and did not contribute tu his support. A neighbour bai kept the boy, who was put in her charge. Sent to the Industrial School for three months. Informations by Inspector Shakespeare:— Robert Leland Pape, cabman, for taking sum in excess of legal fare, dismissed; &. L. Pape, threatening language to George O'Born, adjourned till Friday; R. L. Pape, neglecting to deposit in the office of the Licensing Officer a carpet-bag left in defendant's charge, adjourned till Fridaj; R. L. Pape, aiding and abetting Oeorge S. Madeford, agent, in assaulting G. O'Born. PORT ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 11. si nn Leaky, an old offender, was charged with using indecent language in Ship-street, on the previous day, and was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, but on account of the children the Magistrate ordered the sentence to be held in abeyance until defendant's next appearance. Daratl Leahy, husband of the former defendant, was fined 10s., or in default was ordered 14 days' imprisonment on a similar charge. Bridget Kane, married woman, for loitering about Maclaren Wharf for the purposes of prostitution, was fined 10s., or in default to be imprisoned for 14 days. THIS"DAY. PORT ADELAIDE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 13. (Before Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, S.M.) William Johnson and Henry Herbs, labourers, were each fined 10s. and costs 7s. 6d., for fighting in Commercial-road, on Saturday. Joeeph AiUoni, a coloured seamen, charged with wantonly disturbing the peace of the residents in Ship-street, by knocking at the doors of their houses without lawful excuse, was fined 5s and costs 15s. A Lascar belonging to the Scythia, charged with disturbing the peace of the vessel, was ordered on board. Daniel McPhaidin, master of the brigantine Nigfctingole, was charged by Sergeant Innss with landing passengers from Western Australia without first procuring the permit of the Commissioi:er of Police. Mr. Dempster, who appeared for the master, referred to the clause in the Convicts Prevention Act, under which the information was laid, which stated that the Act should not apply to any passengers who might hold a certificate from the Chief Secretary of Western Australia, but the information did not disclose that the passengers landed did not possess such certificates j and on that ground the i information was dismissed. BENCH OF MAGISTRATES. THIS DAY. QUARTERLY MEETING. ADELAIDE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 13. rBefore Messrs. J. M, Solomon, J.P. (Chairman), S. Beddome, P.M., J. Formby, J.P., C. Peacock, J.P., W. Doffield, J. P., A. Hallett, J.P., T. Giles, J.P., H. Scott, J.P, G. Hamilton, J.P., and Mr. L. M. Culleu, Clerk. LICENSED VICTUALLERS ASSOCIATION. A lengthy letter was read from Mr. S. Bright, President of the above Association, offering valuable suggestions regarding licensing new houses, &c.; ' The Chairman, after reading the letter, said it would receive consideration at the first special meeting. The Bench had no power to alter the present system. The Act would have to be altered. NEW HOUSES GRANTED, W. Giles, Coobowie Hotel, Yorke's Peninsula. Opposed, on the ground that the house was unfinished. Mr. Bundey (for applicant) called evidence to show that the house had since been completed. Wm. W. Smith, Ardrossan Hotel. Opposed, on the ground that the house wat not completed. Mr. Wigley for applicant. NEW HOUSES REFUSED. J. T. Russell, Kent Hotel, Church- street, Port Adelaide, opposed by Inspector Bee. House not required. Mr. Wigley for applicant. The Bench ruled that the plans had not been filed_ in accordance with the Act, but gave special permission to apply in March. NEW APPLICANTS FOR OLD HOUSES GRANTED. W. G. Owen, Emu Inn, Morphet Vale, opposed on the grcund that applicant was a bad character. Inspector Bee objected to the proceedings as applicant had applied under an assumed name. Mr. Wigley and Mr. Bundey for applicant. A memorial signed by several justices in favour of applicant was put in. Mr. Bee withdrew opposition against the premises bat not the objection to applicant's character. Mr. Wigley explained that applicant's real name was Pine, but that he had been accustomed from infancy to URe the name of his stepfather, Owen. He bad been fined bv the Bench through a mis- ; take of his agent, which made him too late in paying bis licence-fee, and the fine being heavy he had to go insolvent. Evidence as to applicant's probity was given. The charge was not substantiated, and the application was granted. PUBLICANS' TRANSFERS GRANTED. S. Bradley to G. A. F. Heseltine, Gawler Arms, Gawler. J. Crampton to Elizabeth Oliver, Imperial Hotel, Adelaide. J. Daymond to R. Bassett, Governor Hindmarsh Hotel, Bowden. Catherine Dienhoff (as administratis of tbe estate of Matthias Dienhoff, deceased), to herself, Nain HoteL A. Domeyer, to C. P. James, Young Queen's Arms, Freeman-street. P. Hains, to J. Parsons, Australians' Pride Hotel, Port. H. Hammord, to EL Bees, East Ade'oiie Hotel, Robert.street, E. Homburg, to H. Sommer, New Inn, Angaston. M. Howard, to G. A. Clarke, Angel Inn, Gouger-strest. F. Knowies, to Wm. C. Greenslade, Terminus Hotel, Port Wakefield. G. Long, to D. McLean, Corio Hotel, Goolwa. T. Mager. to W. H. Haddy, Railway Hotel, Sad die worth. J. Mayhew to J. Wanstall, The Gold Diggers' Arms, Parade, Norwood. A, McDonald to M. Howard, Rose Inn, Sturtstreet, Adelaide. T. Mclnemey to Honorah Lang, Launceston Hotel, Weymouth-street. J. Muller to H. Tidy, Northern Hotel, Enfield. - Elizabeth North to F Adams, Torrens Arais, Mitchsm. Elizabeth Oliver to P. Hains Commercial Hotel, Port. Hannah Pearce to Elizah Pearce, Sturt Hotel, Grecfell-street. F. W. Kussack to J. H. Russack, Eden Valloy j Hotel. W. W. Simpson to J. Crampton, Parade ; Hotel, Glenelg. I jJ. A. E. Wagner to J. McCord, British Tavern, i f orth Adelaide. ' O. Wehrptedt to A. Bamberger, Stockwell Hotel, Stock trail. J. S. Dixon to H. Hammond, City Hotel, Hindley-street. GHOSTS.—It seems angular to find any belief in ghosts existing amongst the residents of Lefevre's Peninsula; but some foolish fellow is making insane attempts to frighten women and children. He appears to women in isolated i places, and is variously described. On Saturday ' night, late, he was standing at the comer of a fence draped In white habiliments. So much interest has been created in the movements of the ghost that the police have male some enquiries into the matter, and have a clue to the perpetrator of the mischief. A lthough the force has been charged with want of acumen in unravelling the mystery, perhaps they will ?et give an account of the motives which have induced such abpurd vagaries. 