A CARNIVAL OF SWHITS. The niillions of Spiritualists in the United Slitles, says the Chicago Tribune, find their Mecca just now in a little farmhouse which lies seven miles north of Uutland, Vt. It is the home of William II. ami Horalio G. Kddy, and it is liaunted witli hundreds of ghosts. Colonel Henry S. Olcott has been investigating the phenomena for the New York Daily Graphie, and his Utters have been profusely illustrated. The Eddys were tormented by spirits from their birth. Their father a prosaic farmer, first, es sayed to Cast out the devils by beating' and starving the victims. When this failed he used his children's spiritual gifts to make money. They gave exhibitions. He superintended the show and pocketed the procecils. The boys and their sisters (now dead) were mobbed, stoned, beaten, burnt, and shot. They were twisted into agonising positions and tied there for hours while the manifestations went on. When they came home, they would gladly hare relinquished their inconvenient powers, but they could not. It is noteworthy, by the way, that these powers were inherited. Airs. Kddy, the mother of the boys, was a clairvoyant. llcr mother had the same faculties. Ilei' great-grandmother was sentenced to death for witchcraft in 1691, but was rescued from Salenl Gaol by friends, and secretly scut to Scotland. The children could not go to school, for they were accompanied thither by rappings that drove the other scholars wild with fear. They have conse quently had little education. Tlicy are, and always have been, unpopular. They arc sly, gruff, sensitive men. Their reputation for in tegrity is good, but the neighbors think they are in league witli the devil. With this preface about themselves, we pass lo what they or the spirits around them have done. There have been thousands of manifestations. Very many have consisted only of feats of clairvoyance, moving furniture, and rapping out communica tions. Two great classes of facts remain—the floating in the air of human bodies and the materialisation of spirit forms. Iloratio Kddy, when he was in his seventh year, was one night carried three miles through the air to a neigh boring mountain-top and left to go home as he could. Colonel Olcott gives no authority for the story, which may be founded on a mere case of sleep walking, but he ([notes the testimony of two out of three eye-witnesses to the fact that another brother, now dead, was carried out of a window and over a house. There are hundreds of instances to be given under the second grand division—-the materialisation of spirits. The ghosts of known and unknown pers.ins have ap peared in the house an 1 in the neighborhood, in darkness and in light. People have talked with them, and have felt them. They have been distinctly seen. Colonel Olcott weighed the spirit of an Indian girl, llonta, twice. She stood 011 Fairbanks' scale and weighed S8 pounds the first time and ti~> the next, lie turned the full force of a powerful battery upon her without pro ducing any apparent effect. Nearly all the phenomena attending the appearance of " Katie King" in London and in Philadelphia have been repeated in or around the Eddy homestead. Very many persons have witnessed them. Since Colonel Olcott began his investigation he has received innumerable letters from all over the country asking him to procure information 011 different points from the spirits. Most of the letters, it is needless to add, are very silly. They serve to show, nevertheless, how wide spread public interest in this subject is. Is spiritualism a cheat or is it true? There are many, many people who would give a good deal to have this question definitely decided. A correspondent of the Sydney Empire, writing from Auckland, says :—" .Madame Arabella Uoddard left Auckland by t'je Cyphrenes, on 30th December, for San Francisco. Tile New Zealand tour was perfectly successful, the profits being over £2,000 in eight weeks, which is not had, considering the country altogether contains only 300,one inhabitants. Although offered £2SU for her concert iron grand piano, the same which was detained in Sydney for a short period, she pre ferred to keep it, and has shipped it to London. The artistes who accompanied the ' Queen of Pianists' were -Mrs. Smyth, .Mr. R. L. Skinner, Mr. Kainford, Uerr Dochler, violinist, and Mr. Harcourt Lee. They are under the manage ment of Mr. Williams, who has remained with Madame Goddard since she left Loudon." Buugi.aky at CAMi'KKi.i,m;M>.—The Herald of last evening writes:—-During the hours of two and three o'clock this morning a most daring attempt to rob the Plough Inn, Camp bellfield, was made by a colored man named Brown, alias .Jim Crow. The fellow went to the hotel between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and being slightly under the influence of liquor, the landlord, Mr. Williams, allowed him to go to bed in a detached house where one of his men slept, and saw nothing more of him unLil aroused between the hours mentioned by the screams of a lady friend who was staying in the house 011 a visit from Melbourne. It appears thai, owing to the baby being trouble some, the lady left a light burning in her room, which was 011 the ground floor, and suffering from the toothache,covered her face up with the blanket. Hearing a slight noise, she uncovered her face and found the light blown out. On listen ing attentively she could hear some person moving about the room, and immediately aroused the in mates by her screams. The burglar at once made off and retired to his room. Suspicion resting upon Brown, the landlord (Mr. Williams) at once went to the outhouse and found the fel low in bed, who pretended to be asleep, but Mr. Williams's man informed him he had been out of the room a short time previous; ilie fellow admitted the offence, and was at once locked up in a room and detained until the arrival of Mounted-constable Boyd, who, 011 searching about, discovered some jewellery, which the prisoner had thrown away, and also found about one shilling and nincpence oil him, which he had 110 doubt taken out of the bar, as he had nothing 011 him when he arrived at the hotel. Mr. Wil liams's lady visitor was found in a fainting fit owing to the fright received, and the baby lying half out of the bed. Dunstable Boyd convcycd the fellow to the Brunswick lockup, where he will be kept, and brought before the magistrates at their next sitting. The Kucalvitus.—A11 old Ballarat resident, Mr. Albert G. Kuxton, writing from Los Ange los, California, to Dr. Usher, has commissioned the latter to purchase £20 worth of seeds of tlie " eucalyptus globulus."—Star. j .Thi; fruit c:•<>!> W been so abundant at Castle iniine li'V plums are noiv being ;old tliciv for a p.-imy a pound. t I,vi. Lai' Ii:o.\, —Tiie Coiuicr says^:—We li.vi-avorv promising report, to publish with r ',:l' ki' About seven months l'eftv. i)r(i vo-• »rn,.u, jnnj 0i>. cast some c»™. Mil. IW1.I.IW. »• ; pany, one of these heaus i:>■.#> 'Jiii'.raiy fn Lai Lai iron, to give it a trial. Mr. Mi'Rf',- the i engine-drivel', marked it a I the time, so thai ilo : doubt sh.-uld arise as to i!_s identification when nearly worn out. Mr. Milk:! 1 now informs us that this stamp-head lias seen the heads working alongsi ie of it, made from imported iron, twiee repealed, and it, is not worn out yet. lit; says it will last another moiiih at leas:. The Lai L:il Company may therefore be congratulated upon tin; good quality of tile fire which so pleuteoiisl y exists on their ground. Hittex *l>v A S.NAHK.—A little eirl of four old. at Laemalar, wa* bitten by a black snake on both feet. When tile doctor arrived he found the child suffering from the imi"t marked symp toms of snake poisoning. I he siinaec of the body being quite cold; no ac.iion of the heart .percep tible, and almost complete siupor present. The utmost dillk'ulty w;i,; experienced m arousing the chilil, wliiefi, vHleii accompiudied, was only ol monicutary duration, ifilcoi'seiotlsifcss tjilickly supervening. The wounds having been incised and ligatures placed above tiie billetf parts previous to l)r Selfo's arrival.- he' imme diately had recourse to' 1'roleSsor Ilalford's j treatment in such cases. Ammonia was injected iiito otic o'f the superficial veins of the arm, alsd administered by the mouth. Brandy was given also, but had to be abandoned, the stomach im mediately rejecting it. Alter persevering with this treatment for several hours, consciousness again returned, the pulse becoming stronger. After this a gradual improvement was manifest, vnd the child is now out of danger.—Auckland Eveninq Slur. Lifk and Death at the Palmer.—Looking through our mining correspondent's letters from the Talnier goldf'ields during the past three months, it is painful to observe the increase in the mortality caused by low fever, debility, poor diet, anil other complaints arising out of a tropic il climate and other incidents connected with mining pursuits in such a region. Men having 110 other means 'except those to be found at a shanty or local store to arrest the disease ha\f6 been known to die in their tents wdiile their mates were attliuding to' tlleiil' usual work .in the creek. 0 tilers Havti piisseii. aivajr while on tiie road to the nearest doctor, arid buried on the spot au hour or twil itftehvards. Again,- in the neighbourhood of Dr. Hamilton's camp may be seen men emaciated in body stalki>g about., looking as if tliey had not another hour to live. .Hardly a day passes without seeing one or more of these carried to bis last resting-piacOj though everything had been done" for him, which the skill of the doctor dictated, but in nine out of ten of these cases the services of the doctor had not been requested before the disease had taken a too fatal possession of the body. Let us look at the haggard appearance of the recent arrivals in Cooktown from the diggings; are they the same stalwart- men we saw leave for the Palmer, six months ago, full of hope and energy? Their chamois leather may be. well stored with gold, but their most intimate friends do not recognize them, and when asked how it was they became so reduced, will reply—from the want of nourishment and wasting away. These deplorable facts corroborate the daily re ports we-receive, which have culminated during the past few davs to such an alarming degree that it becomes the duty of tiie journalist (how ever unwelcome it may be) to place them before the public, with the view of endeavour ing to alleviate the distress.—Cmthtuwn Herald. Esoai'E oi' A Pjusonek.—A very smart escape was 'effected on Sunday night by a prisoner named George Stewart, who was in custody of Senior-constable Joyce, of Sandridge,arrested on a warrant charging him with arson. Stewart was some time ago committed for trial on tiie charge of setting tire to his own place of busi ness in Sandridge, but failed to surrender him self to his bail at the Criminal Sessions. It being subsequently known that he had gone to New Zealand, steps were taken there for bis arrest, which was duly effected. Seuior-cou stable Joyce was then sent over to New Zea land to bring the prisoner to Melbourne, and arrived with him in the steamship Otago late on Sunday night at the Australian Wharf. The prisoner had come over, as is usual, in the steer age, and Joyce was standing at the door of the cabin about to handcuff' him preparatory to going on shore, when he asked to be allowed to fetch his bundle which he had left in his bunk. As there was only one exit to the place, and that was occupied by liniyelf, .Joyce let the man go. Finding, however, that he did not come out of his berth, ho went to look for liini, but could dis cover no trace of him. Every search was made through the vessel and on the wharf, but noth ing could be seen of the-missing man. Joyce then took a cab, and drove to Stewart's house in Sandridge, when he was informed lie had him self called about a quarter of an hour before, leaving a message to tell bis wife that lie had returned. Nothing has since been seen or heard oE the man, and his escape is shrouded in mystery. He is described as being sixty- five years of age, oft. Sin or !)in in height, bloated appearance, grey hair, clean shaved, and haviug a broad Scotch accent. When last in Constable Joyce's custody he was dressed in a dark tweed coat, old dark tweed trousers, a round soft felt black hat, and boots cut aL the side to ease corns.—Telegraph. The New England Tin Minks.—A travelling correspondent of the Stannum Miner, writing from amongst the New England tin mines, says:—" At the Two-mile the Planet Company have a selection, on which a lode was struck last week, over ;> feet in thickness, and showing tin all through it at a depth of -11) feet, carrying a large quantity of fluorspar—which is one of the best indications of a true and master lode exist ing ill this range. Another encouraging sign is that at a depth of 3u feet the granite becomes softer, probably caused by water from the lode, which is nearly due north and south with the lay of tile country. A large and power ful crushing plant has arrived on the ground, which will be erected and set to work as soon as possible. It is to be hoped that this company will be amply repaid for their large outlay and the pluck and perseverance displayed by them as the pioneer discoverers of the "tin lodes of New England. About thirty men are •it present engaged on this mine. Specimen Hill presents the most remarkable feature ill the tin-fields. After crossing' seven basaltic ranges, we come to a party of miners, who, hav iug sunk through the basaltic rock to a depth of •10 feet, struck on 2 feet of sand and "> feet of wash, giving from 7 to y lbs. of ore to the dish; and, on visiting the underground workings, evidence of the previous existence of a large creek presents itself, waterworn boulders being found tiuo feet back from the present creek, and clearly proving that the basalt is of recent formation. In several placps oil this hill and in the vicinity tin is being found from the grass to the rock, the dirt varying from 1 to 3 feet in depth, and yielding about 2 ozs. to the dish." Monster Snakes.—A Uoort correspondent says:—Last week a man named Smitli'killed a black snake, measuring 10 feet in length, on Mr. C. Grifliths' selection. Some thousands of eggs were found inside the reptile. A few days afterwards a party of fencers working on Mr. Ryan's selections, within a half- a-mile of Mr. Griffiths', killed a second snake, lo feet in length, and with a full grown opossum inside of it. We appear to have some near relations to the boa tribe amongst us. Snakes 6 or 7 feet in length are frequently met with, but the two 1 have particularised are by far the largest yet seen in the district. I can vouch for the length of one ol" these reptiles, it having been measured by Mr. T. Griffiths.—Imjletvaad Advertiser. Pkettiey Akuued.—Austin and the two girls had been watching a party of farm laborers refreshing themselves at a roadside inn. The driver of the cart having whipped his horse into a gallop, the heavy vehicle rolled off with a tremendous clatter. •' What agloriouslife those folk have," exclaimed Austin, "fine healthy work, and perfect happiness summed up in a mug of beer and a drain."1 " Just so, and they would admire your life as much as you admire theirs. You sec we all want to be something we arc not," was the sarcastic observation of Jjcss. " I don't care lo be anything but what i am at this moment—your escort," was Austin's gallant reply. "Thank you. L am content also, for I luivegot tuy woman's rights." " How?'' " You have yielded tome, and are here instead of being lost in the smoke of Airbridge." " Oh, then you are ail advocate of woman's rights?" " Of course, for every woman of spirit wants to have her own way, and ought to have it." " What do you say lo that, Coila—do you want your rights, too?" •' I don't know," answered Coila, laughing; "if we got our rights—the nature of which is somewhat vague to my mind —we should have to forego our privileges; and X have an idea that we get along along best with the privileges. If I were to get my rights, L should feel very much like a person who had got her ' deserts,' which would not agree with me at all, for 1 would be iu momentary expecta tion of a whipping." " Ridiculous, you have no spirit, Coila,'' ejaculated Bess, contemptuously; " the world was made for women, and men were made to be their slaves." " if all women were like you, lJess, the men might be content—for volt can do anything; but there are so many women who can do nothing, and I am one of them," was Coilu's meek reply. " You might carry out your theory i'or doing good to every body by becoming a doctor," suggested Iiess; " several ladies have adopted the profession, and seem to thrive, for they immediately find hus bands." "The responsibility would be too much for inc. 1 have a great respect for your profes sion, Austin; the physician is the true moral teacher, for he can command obedience where the mere teacher can only implore it. i I is re sponsibilities are very greaf." iiess suggested the idea that they came to sec the beautiful landscape, and not to lic-ar a sermon.—"Havel ston," iu the Sydney Mail. j: MU« C'ltnt'iotte Cf>v1i'nian; has.. taken a hist .farewell <>f (s:a<^' in New York. She ap peared as l< »l_v Maolx'tti nt iiof<th"*5 Theatre on ■ 7lh Na warier. The affair was :( ttrand one William 0 alien l'nMiit, the poet au«l journalist, made an address, ati:l concluded by placing a laurel wn on Miss Cushnian's brow. When are eye:- eyes —When the wiml makes them water. 