THE MAIL NEWS. THE mild sensation created in England by Mr. Gladstone's second no-Popery blast is the subject of most interest in the mail news, for which reason we shall allow it to engross our chief attention just at present. We are the more strongly tempted to do so by the notice the Argus has taken of the subject. True to its Liberal instincts, it now condones all the offences it charged against the author of "A Political Expostulation" when there seemed no reason to hope that he would identify himself with the cause of which that journal is the mouthpiece at this side of the globe. Now that Mr. Gladstone has turned round upon himself, and appears to be quite ready to purchase office by an open betrayal of the principles on which he has acted for many years, the Argus meets the deserter half-way, and is quite ready to assist him in the discreditable scheme, towards the accomplishment of which the article in the Contemporary Review was the first movement. Gladstone, it is believed, is willing to sell himself for office, and the Argus is most willing that he should be purchased, for the Establishment in England has to be pulled down, as it is the only effectual barrier to the inroads of Liberalism in its worst form and colour. Our contemporary £ays in its issue of Saturday:— Tbe publication of Mr Gladstone's pamphlet-entitled A Political Epostulaticpi, appears to bave excited as great a sensation in Europe as his celebrated letters with respect to the treatment undergone by the state prisoners at Naples. These are generally acknowledged to have communicated a powerful impulse to tbe movement which culminated in the resurrection of Italy and tbe sweeping away of the temporalities of the Pope. For tbis reason no English statesman has been viewed with greater aversion andJJistrust by Pio Nono and his confidential adviser tbsn Mr, Gladstone; and that gentleman seems fated to be a thorn in the side of His Holiness, In that paragraph there is a gross exaggeration of facts, and even something more, as we shall hereafter prove. The personal motive actuating Gladstone was clearly seen through, and so has been foiled; his pamphlet has created a sensation, but it is a very mild one indeed—one in tact that will not survive tiie excitementattendinganine days' wonder. The pamphlet deserves, and assuredly will meet with, the fate of Disraeli's "Lothair." Had any ordinary person written it no one would have read it, but being Disraeli's every one did so. But what after all has been its influence ? Absolutely none; and so it will be with the sensational pamphlet. The less said the better about Neapolitan prisons and prisoners in laudation of an English statesman who has to answer for the inhuman treatment .of the Irish political prisoners. And as for the reference made to the " resurrection of Italy," that surely must be intended as a joke. The " resurrection " of a-country whose exchequer has been filled for the last three years by heartless and shameless robberies! The " resurrection " of a country over which national bankruptcy is now impending, notwithstanding the ruthless spoliations of which it has been guilty! The " resurrection " of a country in which unoffending men are-with impunity struck down in the public streets ! The " resurrection " of a country unable to put down the banditti who infest it! The ".resurrection " of a country in-which a perjured King is the nominal, and the German Kaiser the actual ruler! The "resurrection " of a country which is scandalously violating its solemn guarantees, and which is without faith or credit! What a picture of a" resurrection!" The joke is a little too grim; its contrast with truth is a little too harsh. There is something less disagreeable, though notless surprising, in tbe announcement thflt Mr. Gladstone has beeu viewed with distrust by Catholics. The flight the imagination takes in this assertion is equally bbld, .T)Ut in the impression it creates there is nothing unpleasant. As ah invention It is both amusing'an4'|iarmles8. ""';'/" How cpul'^t.'jiiB otherwise when it is kncwii t&fieyeiypbe; that for the last yeat ' jiilti^-Protestaiits have re- garded Mr. Gladstone as a Papist in disguise, when that suspicion troubled the souls of Whalley and Newdegate grievously, and when the ex-premier was the well-beloved of the Ritualists, To the popular mind all that was familiar; to people like the Argus, who are supposed to be acquainted with the political ^istories of living statesmen, something more was known. People of that class could not forget how in 1851 Gladstone, Bright, and a few others had the moral courage to resist a vile popular clamour, and to oppose the notorious Ecclesiastical Titles Bill. . Still less could they forget how Gladstone and Bright in 1869, brought in a meas&re; which abolished the Establishment in Ireland, and so rendered necessary the repeal of the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill. And it is of the same Gladstone who did this it is now said, that he was always looked upon with aversion at the Vatican ! We will not ask if any other journal supposed to be acquainted with political affairs has ever misrepresented the truth is so glaring a manner as the Argus has done in this instance; putting the matter more mildly we shall merely ask, has any other public journal blundered so egregiously as the Argus has done on this occasion? Why, the fact is that no other English statesman was ever so popular with Irish Catholics as Gladstone was in 1869, and for some time afterwards. He had won their confidence, and they rewarded him for it by assisting very influentiaily in raising hiin to an extraordinary height of power and popularity. He is now politically dead, without the chance of resurrection, but the Argus raises his ghost, and what was said of Hector's may be said of it—Quantum mutatus ab illo. But the British public will not be satisfied with an apparition so false; they know that in 1869 Gladstone was the most popular man in the British dominions, and they now see he has descended to a contemptible dodge to recover place and power. For that they must despise him. The Times, for instance, says that " Jienceforth he will rank as one of a triumvirate of Protestant champions," of which the other two members will be " Mr. Newdegate and Tvlr. Whalley" —Quantum mutatus ab illo. The Pall Mall Gazette sneers at him, and says that now he is out of office, he finds that Codling, not Short, is the true Protestant Patriot," The Spectator condemns hi in and laments the probable influence of his pamphlet in Prussia. The Saturday Review carps at it as a literary production. The Standard frankly says, " The only possible influence Mr. Gladstone's work can have will be to confirm the Germans in a course from which he himself would shrink with horror." And what makes the author's position still more humiliating, he is applauded by a foul crew of German Atheists and Liberals. The influential organs of the English press are unanimous in condemning him, and the only consolation he has is that Atheists, Revolutionists, and our own well-informed Argus have some words cf approval for him. It may also be some satisfaction to Mr. Gladstone as a member of the triumvirate of Protestant patriots that there is now an apostate triumvirate to support him. At the head of the latter is Lord Acton, who has always been a Doilingerite, and who has never been either a representative or a practical Catholic. Beyond his secession and that of his two Erastian friends, there is no split amongst English Catholics. As a body, they are as true as ever to' their allegiance to tbe Church, and not one voice has been raised iu Ireland in support of Gladstone's views. His pamphlet is a dead failure in every sense; it has injured; himself, and done no injury to Oitholics. As a body, they do not even deign to give any proof of their loyalty. THE Premier gave a picnic at Sorrento on Wednesday to the i members of the Ministry, the.Preaidentof the .'Legislative Council, the Speaker-of the Legislative Assembly, and -this:; members^ ; of both Houses. The Golden'Crown was chartered for the purpose,' and : as the day was fiae and there were ladies present, a very plea-\ Bant day was passed. .PURCHASES of the new wheat are now being made in Ballarat. Messrs. Swayne and Johnson report closing on Tuesday with a farmer for 2500 bushels of the new crop at 5s. 8d. a bushel. THIS year a bountiful harvest will re. ward the operations of the farmers (says the Oipps Land Times), all of whom appeal to be well satisfied with their prospects, the average yield being estimated at 25 bushels to the acre. A COBBESPONDENT from . Wangaratta writes:—" There has been a committee appointed. to collect subscriptions for the bust of bur illustrious countryman, Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, and circulars have been sent to several influential farmers for the above object. Sra WILLIAM STAWELL, A cting-Governor, will, during the absence of his Excellency Sir George Bowen, devote himseif exclusively to tbe duties of his office, and will, as soon as the necessary arrangements are made, take up his residence at Bishop's Court. The business, therefore, of the law courts will be continued as of late, his Honour Sir Redmond Barry continuing to virtually fill the position, of Acting Chief Justice. THE only nominations lodged with the returning officer for the Eastern Province election were those of Mr. F. Brown* and Mr. W. "Wilson, Mr. W. F, HOSKTNS, who for many years had been connected with the leasing branch, of the Mining department, died on Tuesday suddenly, at his residence, Hoddle- street, East-Melbourne. MB. CASEY has forfeited the Echuca runs. He made the announcement in as few words' as possible at the land board, and said he should give the reasons to the Governor-in-Council, Speculation is now rife as to whether Parliament will take action against Mr. Simon Fraser, M.L.A, for Rodney, who is one of the pastoral tenants implicated in the alleged dummy ism. THE usual examinations of surveyors who may desire to obtain the certificate of the Board of Land and Works will take place on the 28th, 29th and 30th instant. Candidates will be required to send in their names and pay a fee of £,% into the Treasury a week beforehand. .MB. GATEHOUSE, the Mayor of Melbourne, entertained Captain Stevens Und the officers of H.M. steam sloop- of-war Barracouta Monday morning., The visitors were shown over the Town Hall, and heard the organ played by Mr. John Hill, K.S., R.A.M. THE' Otago Daily Times states that a New Zealand Judgeship has been offered to the hon. George Higinbotham, of Victoria, but that it is not likely that he will accept it. CONTBABY to the expectation, the yield of gold in 1874 was larger than in 1873 by 19,949 ounces, the respective produce being in 3873, 1, 31,162; and in 1874, 1,151,111. The export of Victorian gold shows a slight decline; but, on the other hand, the quantity minted had gradually increased, yiear by year, from 190,738 ounces in 1872, and 221,870 ounces in 1873, until it reached 251,818 ounces in 1874, in addition to 83,500 ounces of foreign gold wfeich w4re coined during that year, His HONOB SIB WILLIAM STAWELL, Chief Justice was, on Monday afternoon, at the Treasury, sworn in as Acting-Governor. Mr. Robert Wadsworth has been appointed private secretary, and Capt. Terry, A.D.C. Sir W. Stawell will, it is said, for 'the present take up his quarters at the Melbourne Club. SOME doubt existing as to whether candidates for the Civil Service examination can present themselves at the next matriculation, it is well to state that they can do so without signing any declaration of an intention to pursue a University course. The matriculation examination of the February term, 1875, will commence on Wednesday, the 24th February. The last day of entry will be Monday, the 25th of January. "THE brewers of Australia and New Zealand," the European .Mail states, " will shortly have an opportunity of competing with the European brewers. An exhibition of English and Continental beer is to be held at the Agricultural-hall, Islington, at the beginning of May, 1875. SIB REDMOND BABBY, then actingsgovernor, gave a picnic at Brighton beach on Saturday. About 100 ladies and gentlemen were present, and spent a most enjoyable afternoon, MB. L. J. SHEBBABD and the Count de Caatelnau were appointed additional members of the International Exhbition Commission. WM. LEONABD B0M>iir, Stratford, has been appointed electoral registrar for tbe Eastern Electoral division, and MichL G'Neil, Panmiire, deputy electoral registrar for the Terang ,and Heytesbury West electors! divisions. The resignation of A. Macdonald, GlenthOmson, and Joseph. Bull, Bairnsdale, as deputy electoral xegistrara, have been-aocepted. ; ,.> ; : COBBLEB'B • Golly POSTROJFICEVNEAR ^LEBAStopol, has beencloaed/and a post- offioehiiBi be?n open^tlllolTOworai.nWMetoridra.j. The name ,pf ,;the ' Leigh'-road' post-office " will be changed, to WabdaliaWon the 3L2tfc. : mat. " • •« w.tr^'-t. <!; ; .... I t .»t,v Tbs town of Lallat has been proclaimed. Thebe will be 235 selections of land in various parts of the colony, the areas varying from 3 acres to 320 acres, thrown open for re-selection on 22nd January, the former applicants not having paid the survey fees. The arrangements for the election of a member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province have been published. Day before which nominations were to be made, 13th January; day of polling, 26fch January; return of writ, 2nd February. The following is from the Sydney Morning SeraU:—" The temporary contract referred to a few days ago has been definitely arranged between the hon. the Postmaster- General and the A.S.N. Company. It is to extend over a period of seven months, and the mails will be carried daring that time by the steamships Mikado, City of Melbourne, Macgregor, and Cyphrenes. Shocking Suicide.—From the Star of Wednesday we learn that a shocking case of Buicide took place in Start-street, nearly opposite the office of that paper, at an early hour that morning, at the premises of Mr, Price, confectioner. Mr. and Mrs. Price retired to bed at about half-past eleven the previous night. Mr. Price awoke shortly after two o'clock, and missed his wife. After calling her, and receiving no answer, he proceeded to search for her, and perceiving a light in the cellar, went down and found his wife lying on her face in a pool of blood, with her throat cut, and a small carving-knife lying beside her. Dr. JaJrins was immediately sent of, and on arrival pronounced life to be extinct. Mrs. Price had evidently been dead some time, as the body was nearly cold on the 'doctor's arrival. She is said to have had a depression of spirits, in consequence of a falling off in business. The SiTsnMA Mutihy.—Intelligence has been received by the mail that John Johnson, one of the Satsnma mutineers, was convicted of the capital offence of piracy before Baron Pollock, at the Central Criminal Court, London, and bad the sentence of death recorded Against him. It may be mentioned that Johnson was brought to justice owing to the fact that the Imperial authorities were Bet in motion in reference to tbe matter by the Yictoriwj Government. The facts of the ease were fully reported shortly after the occurrence. The ship Satsuma, Captain Leslie, of Sunderland, sailed from Cardiff in December, 1873, boned for Table Bay. She had a crew of twelve men. During the voyage six of the men mutinied, and, after having nearly murdered tbe captain and first mate, left the ship in a boat. The boat was picked up with five men in her—what became of the sixth was never ascertained—by the ship Eate Kearney, bonnd for Hong Eong. The men gave a very plausible account of themselves, and three of them, namely, Johnson, Nelson, and Jones, were sent on to Melbourne, from which Johnson sneceeded in getting back to England in the City of Florence. ' But his two companions were arrested on suspicion, and sufficient evidence having been obtained, they were sent for trial to the criminal sessions, and charged with mutiny on tbe high seas. They were, however, acquitted by the jury. On reaching England Johnson was apprehended, with the result as stated above. The prisoner on leaving tbe dock remarked that he preferred death to imprisonment for life. The capital Sentence will not be carried out. 