Tilli KVKXIXtj SKRViCK. At Vespers the Bishop preached from the following text, taken from the Acts of the Apostles :—•' Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing tiie'.u in the name ot the Father, and of the Son, and ot the llolv Ghost. Teaching them to observe alt things whatsoever, I hare <.:■_» n:n in led you, and k>. I am with you always, even unto the en. i of the world."' In dealing wit' 1 the subject of the sermon his Lordship dwelt )uruou',.irly on the state of the church militant as it existed at present, lie declared that the power of the Divinity had came direct from Christ to St. I'eter, who had founded Home and ma le her the seat of the Apostolic religion. That re ligion claimed as its first rule obedience to the Pontiff, on whom the authority of the saint had been thrown, and it claimed also that the representatives he had appointed should be rccognisv.i as his vicv rc^ents on earth. As a matter ot fact, he stood before theiu as the sueccsvr ot St. I'eter, as the supreme head of a tiock which had bat one creed,"one head, and one baptism. That creed, he was proud to say, had been f.mnded be Christ, had existed through terrible pev-r-:.ti tions, and through persistent pw.svcmioti--, until iliat day. Still, it was a creed which had been handed down to them through all time, and had for its head the great founder of the Christian religion—Christ himself. I'.ut he was proud to say the church had recently shown tint it was beyond the power of any earthly monarch or potentate to crush it. It had shown itself still supreme and potential, its voice was stiil heard throughout. JJuropo, and would be heard in the days which were to eo;ue. It had had r.rrayed agaisit it a great Emperor and a ctiii greater" Princ?, b;tt. for all th.it, it was the tuU tr.ss l'I :he ^ -■ -. -N: • otio thing mi occur,-e' vt:T. in hi? belief, t-t wrest front the h.ut;U of the Poatiif t'a? pr-r-ir hi pressed; or to j>'lr that ri'iythim: would cccur to interfere with the religion ■•vvl-.-l:. as .1 bode, they possasscj. or with Shi jrowtli of those honest convictions ha was amongst theai to promulgate. He came to them as onv appointed by the natural successor of Christ Ho came to thera also as a pastor and ha wouii d > his duty to thera honestlv, and asked those who were present to regard hftu as.i father amongst them, to whom they might come with their srief and their cares, as they would go, in the privaey of their own chambers* to their God, of whom," through their Lord Jesus Chris! he was representative, appointed by the succes sor of St. Peter, His Holiness the Pope of llome. The ceremonies were concluded ia the ordi nary manner. 