TOWN TALK. By a telegram received from our Mel bourne correspondent, last night, we learn that nearly a thousand excursionists patron ised the Golden Crown and steamer Wil liams, yesterday. Also that the City, of Hankow had arrived in Hobson's Bay, from London. . On Saturday morning the secretary of the Geelong Racing Club received a letter from ■ Mr W. P. Bowes intimating tbat Doubtful had been scratched for the Geelong Hurdle Race at 10 a.m. on the previous day. The scratching of this horse led to some discussion as to whether bets made on him after ten o'clock on Friday morning would stand good, many arguiDg tbat they would, as the horse could not be considered scratched until the notifi cation thereof was received by the secretary of the club. We apprehend that when a person bets he must possess a chance of winning or else it is " no bet." Therefore as any person backing Doubtful after ten o'clock on Friday morning did not possess^ any chance of winning the bet so made will not stand good. Referring to the race meeting the Bendigo Advertiser remarks: —The Geelong Gold Cup, which is to be run for on Thursday next, judging by the amount.of interest already evinced in it, is likely to be one of the most exciting races of the season. With such horses as Mel- ' bourne, Haricot, Lurliue, and Lapidist, a grand race may. be relied on." The Inde pendent also reports" Haricot and Mel bourne are still the two great favorites for the Geelong Cup, which is to be run for on Thursday next. Should either Mr Tait or Mr Chirnside win the cup, there are few who will grudge their victory. Lurliue and Lapidist also find a good few sup porters, and should the weather prove fine, doubtless a large assemblage will visit Corio Bay next week. A special meeting of the General Com mittee of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum was held in the board-room, Victoria Buildings, on Saturday. Pre sent : — Messrs Lane, Clarke, Wheat land, Reid, Hendy, J. Scott, Richard son, and Wood. The meeting was held for the purpose of considering the testimonials of three candidates who had been selected at the last meeting for the office of superintendent and head teacher of the asylum, and, after carefully going over the applications and conversing with the three gentlemen, who were present, it was unanimously agreed to elect Mr G. Lilley, of Lillydale, to the offiee. Subse quently the committee proceeded to the elec tion of the house committee for the ensu ing six mouths, and the following gentle men were appointed, viz.:—Rev. J. H. May, Messrs James Wood, S. C. Yivian, James Hendy, B. W. Wheatland. On Friday afternoon a blanket and rug belonging to J. Scot, a carpenter, in the employ of the railway department, were stolen from the building formerly known as the Station Peak Hotel, at Little River. Suspicion alighted on a swagsman, and in formation of the loss was communicated to Mounted Constable Finlayson, who promptly started in pursuit. The swags man was tracked from place to place, but it was only after a well continued and painstaking search that he was finally " caught napping " in his stolen bedding in a stable at the rear of the Wesleyan Church at Cowie's Creek. On Saturday morning the prisoner, who gave the name of Henry Robson, was brought before the bench at Geelong, and remanded till to day. That very popular sporting man, Mr John Tait, of Sydney, arrived in Geeloog on Saturday, bringing with him Melbourne and M'Callum Mobr, the two horses that will represent his stable in the race for the Geelong Gold Cup on Thursday. Both these racers are in splendid fettle, but very much will necessarily depend upon the manner in which " the little Scotchman " stands his work. If his hoof should split again, his chance for the Gold ©up will be gone, as Mr Tait would probably consider it his duty to scratch him. They are now located at Sealey's, within half a mile of the course, upon which they will take a gallop at five o'clock this" morning. As thought at the time, Mr Tait fully in tended to have accepted for both his horses for the Geelong Handicap, bnt I being away from Sydney at the time, these accceptances were not for warded. This is very much to be re gretted, as it would have so materially in creased the importance of the race had Melbourne and M'Callum Mobr both been in it. Mr Lang's six horses are to be brought down to-day, and we hear from our leading hotelkeepers that accommoda tion for visitors is being rapidly taken up. Some houses are already quite full, and those who intend paying Geelong a visit on Thursday and Friday should not delay in engaging rooms, or they will most cer tainly find that they will have to put up with a " shakedown," and probably not be fortunate enough to secure even that. A report was brought to town yesterday that three men, employed as splitters, were lying in a but in the forest in the neigh borhood of Swampy Creek in a dying state. They had been discovered in this condition on Saturday evening, and the messenger at once started for town in order that relief might be obtained for them. The cause of their illness can only be conjectured, bpt it js believed to have been accelerated by drinking bad water. Sergeant Toohey and Mounted-Constable Ijloyd started for j the hut with the police waggonette, bedding and stimulants, for the purpose of having I the men conveyed to town if possible. It is with regret we learn there is every ! probability of the very efficient choir of | St. Pauls Church, whose singing has been so much admired, being again broken up, probably never to be reformed. About nine o'clock yesterday morning three inebriates were picked up in a help less condition all within a limited radius of the watchhouse, where they were accom modated with lodgings. It js intimated that on Thursday the Banks will close from 12 noon. . The Geelong Technology?! School, which has been so successfully conducted by Messrs Pye, Sasse, and an efficient staff, will re-open to-morrow evening.. The annual meeting of the Ladies' Bene- j volent Association takes place on Wednes- | day, at the cjassrroom of the Mechanics' Institute. , This evening a match at cricket will be played on the Argyle green, between eleven of the Alliance Club and a similar number chosen from the Drapers' Club, play to com mence at six o'clock shgrp. The fallowing players have been selected to take part in the game, viz.:—Drapers' C. C.—Messrs | Wray, Jullien, Hall,' 'P. Opie, Patterson, Dimmelow, Brown,. and Doyle; emergency, Pearce, Gurr, and J. Opie. Alliance C. C.—Messrs M. Hall, W. Strong, A. Hanson, B. Berry, J. Best, J. Peerinan, Walton, Neylon, Roebuck, Hamilton, and Sibley; emergency, Cur no w, Palmer, Hill, and Christie. On Saturday next the employes of Messrs Franks and Mercer will play a match at cricket on the Corio ground, with the em ployes of Messrs Walker, May and Co, Molhn.,— Melbourne, We ve were misled by the special telegram l'riday referring to the Intercolonial Match for the Chess Championship." Our correspondents were wrong in stating that it had ended, and that Mr Goldsmith had won. Mr Goldsmith "had merely won his third game, and to win the match must score five games. A Cabiuet meeting will be held to-day, when the Ministry will discuss a despatch received in reference to Fiji, and the report receive^ from the board in Dr M'Gaurau's Our attention has been called to a mis take which appeared in Mr Francis' letter anent the recent Matriculation and Civil Service Examinations. It was A. T. M'Lean, from Carlton College that passed, not A. M'Lean, from Geelong College, Mr J. M'Farlane, of Queenscliffe, has heeu appointed acting tide surveyor during the absence on leave of Mr Williams- ■ We learn from the Courier that '-Dr. O'Connor, Catholic bishop of Ballarat, has given bis patronage to the forthcoming .picnic of the Ballarat Christian Doctrine Society, and intends to accompany the excursion to Geelong on Wednesday uexr. Nothing but a fair day is wanted to make the affair a perfect success. About 2000 persons are expected to travel on the occa sion." The Ballarat Evening Post learns, and on very good authority, that it is the in tention of the Education Department not to permit Mr Higinbotham's motion re teachers' salaries to affect the incomes-of teachers in receipt of £300 per annum, and upwards, but to divide the surplus of those whose incomes are below £300, which it is calculated will benefit such teachers by an addition'to their salaries of at least 20 per cent. During the week ending 23rd January last, the deaths registered in the metro politan and suburban districts reached the large number of 338, whilst the births numbered 126. The Registrar-General reportB that " Seven of the deaths at ICew took place in the Lunatic Asylum* and 17 of the South Melbourne, and two of the Prahran, deaths occurred in charitable in stitutions. Of the total deaths recorded, 224, or nearly two-thirds, were children not exceeding the age of three years, tbp most prevalent-causes of death among children being measles and diarrhoea, the latter in many cases supervening on the former, and on teething." " Among a litter of pigs recently born at < Kedbank, near St. Arnaud, was one which had a trunk one and a half inches long, with the slanting eyes and flapping ears of • the elephaqt,. and much larger than tbose of its mother; ; It also had turned up hoofs it lived but a very few hours. A small paddock of wheat at Tower Hill, near Warrnambool, has yielded 54 bushels to the acre. Another farm at Koroit, which has been under cultivation for the last 18 or 20. years, has yielded 50 bushels to the acre. From 40 to 50 bushels of peas to the acre has been a frequent yield in that district. . Ghosts and apparitions and wraiths are mostly numbered with the superstitions of the past, but (says the Evening Post) at times even modern practical-minded per sons are startled with something ■ of the sort. When near the hour of midnight— being an appropriate time—a ghost-like figure was seen, clothed in a winding-sheet, gliding about by Scott's parade, at the sight of which timid females fled, and men not too stout hearted passed in dread. The other night a Mrs Duustan was frightened into fits by the visitor from the other world, and remained unconscious for some hours, before she could be restored. Whether there be mortal bones beneath that garb of white, or whether there be but the thin vapour of a spirit, we may assure our un earthly visitor, who comes alone and is therefore a hatter, that when Dunstan comes back his name had better be Walker, or he will not trouble the people of Scott's parade with his stupid eccentricities for some time to come. Modern science; a la Tom Sayere, has done more to expound the mysteries of the supernatural, than all the philosophy of Christendom. V After the meeting of the Ballarat Town Council was concluded on Thursday even ing, the mayor stated that, in company with the health officer, he had paid a visit of inspection to she lepers' quarters at Clay ton's Hill. Two additions, he fonnd, had been made to the number of unfortunates who were previously lingering out their miserable existences there. The Courier reports:—"Thesenew-comers, the mayor stated, were in a most desperate condition —part of their hands, and even theirnoses, actually rotting off. The Government, some two years ago, had agreed to. provide for future cases of leprosy, on the under standing that the premises used for the accommodation of those lepers then under care would on their demise be burnt ;' but, instead, two additiuhai rooms were put up. Aud it is surmised that by this intelligence spreading amongst the Celestials the recent arrivals have been induced to-find their way—or to be brought—hither. Both the new-comers are from outlying places. To show the inconvenience suffered by the neighboring residents, and the necessity of speedily removing the lepers' depot from its present site, we may state that an en terprising butcher recently opened a shop in its vicinity, but no customers were willing to purchare his meat—being afraid that the flies from the lepers' camp had lodged on, and tainted, bis meat. Conse quently he had to shut up shop.'. The fires at the Pyrenees were raging fiercely on Friday night, although (the Avoca Mail remarks) they appear to have subsided somewhat. The day had been intensely warm, and when night set in a bright glare for a long di'stauce showed ■ behind what is known as the Sugarloaf Hill. Fires were also burning about Middle Creek and Moonambel, and consi derable apprehension existed ■ in conse quence. This morning w,as somewhat cooler, and a dash of rain, which lasted only three or four minutes, created strong hopes of a change, which were only doomed to disappointment. Unless a very de cided change is experienced shortly, we dread to think of what may be the conse quences. Since writing the foregoing, Armstrong, the driver of the coach, from Landshorough and places in that direction, has informed us that a terrific conflagration occurred in the ranges about Redbank, Barkly, and other places scattered about this part of the Pyrenees. At times the flames were 40 or 50 feet high, and nothing but a change of wind, which began to blow rather strongly, prevented the fire extend ing oyer a vast area of country. The Moonambel people turned out in right good earnest, ready to use every exertion, but the change of wind came in the niak of time. . We are sorry to say that Mr San derson has lost miles of fencing—computed at ten—which were totally destroyed. The Pharos, steamer, will proceed to King s" Island to-day, with Captain Bar nard, R.N., the master warden of the Marine Board of Hobart Town; Captain Stanley, R.N., of the Admiralty Survey Department; and Captain Payne, R.N. chief harbour-master, who have received instructions to examine and report upon the suitability of Point Nctherby for the erection of a second lighthouse on Kind's Island. From the Telegraph we learn that Captain Barnard is a retired Rear Ad miral^ and was considered one of the most experienced men in the Imperial naval service, and has been about a year in Tasr mania, in which colony he purposes making his home. The necessity of erecting some beacon of warning to inward-bound vessels, which may be driven, from a variety of causes, so far westward of Cape Otway as to encounter the dangers of King's Island, is obvious from the number of wrecks which are recorded as having occurred there, attended in some cases with fearful sacrifice of life. These are the Isabella, 1840 ; Cataraque," 1843 (414 lives) ; Brahmin, 1854 (7 lives); Maypole, 1855 (3 lives) ; Aurora, 1865 (1 life) ; Water witch, 1866 ; Netherby, 1866. These ™er.® wrecks on the west side of the island. " The wrecks on the northern part of the west side of' the island wbfe—Neva 1830 (300 lives); Rebecca, subsequently got off, 1843 (1 life) ; Mary Ann, 1871 '• Ocean Bird, 1871; Loch Leven, 1871 (1 life); Elizabeth, 1871; Whistler, 1871 -• British Admiral, 1874 (79 lives) On the north end of the island the Martha Louisa was wrecked in 1871, aud the fol lowing wrecks occurred on the centre of the east coast, viz:—Europa, 1867: Ar magh, 1868 (7 lives). The old City of Melbourne, cteamer, ran ashore at the northern end of the east shore in 1861, but St ?lmt1830 up to the present time the number of wrecks has'been'17; and the loss of life about 734 souls, On 0998HPB of wyes* of th? Ifetberly, when the Victoria and Pharos went down | to afford relief to the passengers and crew, the Victoria narrowly escaped running on to the same reef, and her commander, Captain Norman, had to signal the Pharos to escape the same danger. The placing of the light at Cape Wickbam, where it at present is situated, was protested against by Captain Ferguson, the Harbourmaster of Victoria, the western instead of the northern side being considered the most eligible. Captain Stanley also reported in favor of a western lighthouse, but Captain Payne is understood to be opposed to it. The report which the Government have called for will, no doubt, determine what action shall be taken to give effect to the wishes of the mercantile community inte * rested in the seaboard traffic between this colony and Europe. A number of shops, dwellings, and other bnildings in Ryiie-street, which require to be removed to make room for the railway tunnel, will be sold to- day, on the ground, by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson. 