STATE OF EUROPE. Our European telegrams for the last week or two, though provokingly fragmen tary and Insufficient to satisfy reasonable curiosity, have Bhown that something of an exciting nature was going on on the Continent. Bismarck was trying to bully Belgium into changing her Press laws ho as to prevent attacks on the German Government being published in a neutral State. The little kingdom, however, stood firm and refused ,to alter her laws for any such purpose. It now appears evident that the attitude assumed by Germany created a good deal of anxiety and alarm on the Conti nent, German influence, improperly exercised in Belgium, would threaten France. Under the circumstances, Her Majesty's Government appear to have taken a firm stand, and one woithy of the nation. It would not be well to allow Piince Bismarck to become the Dicta tor of Europe, and the furtherance of his designs to endanger the peace of Europe. Her Majesty's Ministers appear to have represented thi3 very firmly to the German Govern ment, and their remonstrance, or what ever it may be call ad, has had a good effect, it having elicited a friendly and satis factory reply. France has evidently realised the gravity of the situation, and has thanked England for the friendly attitude assumed towards her interests. A Conservative Govern ment is never wanting in pluck, and Mr. Disraeli and Lord Derby have evidently taken a firm stand. Probably most parsons will think that the time had come for not only England, but the other Great Powers, to protest against the disquieting c-ffect produced by German policy in Europe. The end of the Versailles Assembly is draw ing near. It has resolved to fill up no more vacancies, pending the dissolution and the appeal to the country. Probably as soon as supplies are voted for the year's necessities, the Provisional Assembly, whioh has shown such a tenaoity of life, will give up the ghost, by per forming the "happy dispatoh." The sooner this is done the batter for France. 