MELBOURNE. Thursday. [Herald.]-Mr. J. D. Pinnock, formerly Registrar General, and late member of Council, died suddenly to-day. The late Mr. Joseph Sutherland's will has been proved under £37,800. That of Mr. D. S. Campbell, £3000. * A Chinese doctor at Ballarat has been fined £5 for praptiaiBg illegally as a doctor of medicine. A meeting of the Melbourne Governors of the Hospital was held to-day, when it was resolved that in their opinionan TiI.B. or M.D.'of the Melbourne University should be allowed as candidate for hono raiy surgeon or pnysician ot the hospital. Carroll's schedule was filed at Ararat to-day ; lia- bilities, £18,542 ; assets, £7790. Business inanimate. Breadstuffs inactive; a few sales took place on account for small lots. Wheat, $s lid to 5s 2d ; flour is steady at £1017s 6d to All ; oats are in considerable demand at 5s ; feed- ing oats, Ss 4M to 39 9d ; maize, 5s 5d, but no stock. 4378 packages Yarravftie sugar sold at £1 10s Gd to £1 15s; Patna rice, 17s, in bond. 120 quarters of HenBasay's brandy were placed at 8s. Friday. [Herald.]-The Commissioners have decided not to open the Melbourne Exhibition until September 2nd. In reference to the admission of non-competi- tive exhibits from countries not taking part in the exhibition (as Great Britain and France), it has been decided that articles of merit might be received, but that they should not compete with those sent by the colonies or countries taking part in the Exhibition. A meeting of the Montefiore Testimonial pro- moters was held yesterday, and £50 was subscribed in the room. Louis Rintel, charged with insulting behaviour, in thrusting on a person against his will, handbills relating to certain diseases, waa discharged, with a caution against a repetition of the practice. A nolle prosequi has been entered in the Utting perjury case. Messrs. Morris and M'Murray, grocers, Melbourne, have been sentenced to twelve and six months re- spectively, for fraudulent insolvency. The verdict in the case of Johanna Prior was, that deceased died from poisoning by strychnine, but how it was administered there was no evidence to show. Charon won the Vice-President's Coursing Cup. A house belonging to William Thompson, near Gaffney'» Creek, was burnt to the ground; his son John, aged six years, was burnt to death, and a younger SOR severely injured. Thompson is now in Queensland. Several small retail drapers in the country have suspended payment ; the principal one being Henry Bnill, of Carlton, liabilities 46900. Hennessy'» brandy is scarce, and realized 8s. 3d. ; Otard's, 7s. 6d. There have been considerable sales of hops, and, stocks |re now held in few hands. Maize is quoted at fis.'"4d. to '6s. 5d. [Echo.] - Considerable alterations have been m^deintbe ventilation and lighting arrangements «tike Parliament Houses. A prospectus has beep issued of a company for I purchasing Sargood's soft goods business ; capital £2150,000, in fifty thousand shares of £5 each. The Blencathra still remains unharmed, notwith- standing the recent gales. The report of the Australian Widows' Fund shows satisfactory progress. The annual revenue amounts tfi£86O0. Saturday. [Evening News."] - The Wesleyan Conference passed a resolution, distinctly asserting with regard to the admission of laymen, and the maintenance of to the admission of laymen, and the maintenance of New Testament doctrine-that the ministry derives its cxistenca from Christ ; upon them devolves the dijty of tajiiug heed to the flock over which the Holy Ghost mad« them overseers; upon them devolves the solemn responsibility of enforcing dodly discipline and administering the Government of the Church ; and so essential is this to Scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, so vital to the ; constitution oft Wesleyan Methodism, that admitting ! laymen must be held sacred and inviolable. The day wai occupied in discussing an amendment to postpone the resolution, hut the amendment was, negatived. \t wes also, resolved that the committee of each institution to which a minister was set apart had the right to elect laymen, and reserved minis- ters alone to elect president, secretary, and chair- man of dis^icts, and deal with all matters comprised ' In the firSt thirteen questions of the conference of 1873. L#vaW.]-A woman narned Harriett Bennett has been stabbed to death hy her husband, an assistant bailiff in Carlton. The parties had lived together unhappily. The inquest will Tie held on Tuesday. The Daily telegraph libel case is adjourned to Tuesday. ' Sunday. [Ara«.J-The committee of the. Racing Club has appointed a sub-committee to consider the question of handicapping. Tha Fire Brigades' annual démonstration takes phut at Sandhurst to-morrow,. Mr. Langridge moves, and Mr, Bosisto seconds, the address in the Assembly. A seizure of indecent photographs has been made by the Customs authorities. The importers are to ,be prosecuted. A deputy registrar who forged a document is wan- ted by the police. The libel against the Daily Telegraph is proceed- ing. The defendants cleverly prevented Dr. Dobson from giving evidence in rebutting the case. John Barrett, assistant bailiff, living at Ballarat, St. Carlton, stabbed his wife, Harriett, under the shoulder-blade last night. The neighbours found j'er on her arms and knees, bleeding to death, while lier bûsband ítopd over her. t)n ppiï ebtetfifg','hç said, "1 have killed her." Ile had been known tp mal- treat her before, and the woman is said to have old wounds on her body. Barrett was brought up to-day, Td remanded. The inquest will not be held till Tuesday, in consequence of Monday being a holi- day. 