MADAME RISTORI. Madame Ristori and her company appeared in the Academy of Music on Saturday night for the last time, “Elizabeth, Queen of England” was repeated, and Madame Ristori’s great impersonation was wit- nessed by a house whose thin benches in some parts seemed to speak of inclement weather and' the severity of political excitement out of doors Those who rose superior to both cold weather and hot politics and visited the Academy had sights and sounds which-will ,not easily die out of recollection. ihero ,are lew things in the whole range-of/tragic horror more true and. absorbing , in its reflex of “ the'- last hour than Madame Ristori’s death of Elizabeth. iNothiug has ever-equalled; it here, just as nothing hero has ever equalled in .harmony of action and cOm iand well-schooled company with which the great actress has surrounded herself, the whole of the play was a repetition of the previous success, and while Madame Ristori. was frequently called before the 'curtain e ment was bestowed once upon SieuoaD- “.fIL T' effective play as Essex in the most welcome anticipation o£ what • w a have been the general wish, Madame llislod tTT Bounced that the programme thonld closed « i sleep-walking scene in “ Macbeth.” a-1 i» . For our own part, we looked forward to -lid ance of the tragic queen with great interV 1 Watson appeared as the doctor, au <l Mi s V" Broughton as the waiting-woman, aud'thc'v did small but necessary duties very prooe-lv [V hardly necessary to say that the bouse was dl 1 eager in watching for the new Ladv V'S" Historic first appearance wa« »* L tion. We-Have seen uearly-oi- ;V C ' : “ Macbeths; who have ever trod the local .w?' skilful many of them have been, bn*- t'L ’r glance ■ at- the ghost-hke face of Riston ‘-a “'o' entered in the -custbmarv 'chaaiW rob« r' 1 enough, to show that an altogether diaV'eut arl 1 was present. There was an intensity of tram-.'v pression,- of mingled pain- and horror ci'ii‘e°n * !i ' pressed by all preceding actresses iu tiie‘p.„f English had but the slightest occasional intloLr’i,,. < foreign accent, and the italicised words “ oe/'g .L-,'l spot" were uttered with an almost "ferVi* 1 ' emphasis,and with a staccato sharpness ivld.-h ~. a new light upon the emotions of the dream-”..,,.-!,'‘i somnambulist. Then, there was a slow LuLL-: gutters! breathing, as of a person heavily’.L°.''" r or respiring with groat effort, while over oycr'feuu"? a horror was spread that held the spectator L -.iL “i painful fascination. The artiste’s countenance"L.'- fixed picture of horror, but with changing expression* As she lifted.her contorting hands to her f’cc 'vH her fingers meeting at the nose, the voice did not V, ‘ more plainly than the face, Here’s the smell of the Mood still. And the burden of ; That perilous stuff ■ Which weighs upou the heart, was forcibly expressed in the long, wailing “Ob' o’, t oh!” which closes the sentence from which \va R?l quoted.. The actress, here, as in all the scene 6e o Q °i" ali absorbed and abstracted from the pre-ei’d ” |l head was thrown back as the wail was dralvn out Z protracted agony until, the spectator on the door | u t sight of the features, and felt that the somnambuLt must fall: backwards-iu her paroxysm of horror Ti n final ■ • • aua "To bed, to bed, to bed.” as spoxonwhli greater haste and intensity th in have heard before, and the actress almost r.ui o'iV stage as tue last words were uttered. Tiieu thehuslvd silence broke, and the bouse called far the arli-te ■•■ l, was greeted with a farewell as nearly expressive in pi emphasis as was her welcome. Thus fell the cuiMin upon the most perfect tragic acting ever win ~' ~) here, and thus we bid farewell to the ''re vteL ■ r'L'. who ever honored us, with her presence,'and to U« display of histrionic genius whoso remembrance vill last as long as life with those whose privilege it h<- been to witness the appearance of Madame Icist-Li ' ’ 