GUILTY, OR NOT GUILTY. BY THE AUTHOR OF "BREACH OF PROMISES, &C.; One evening Edith, oppressed by the general gloom, and haunted by anxiety about Arthur, opened the glass door of the library, in which she had been sitting alone, and throwing a warm shawl over her head and person, walked out upon the moonlit terrace. It was a beautiful bright evening, very mild for the season of the year; and so much did she feel refreshed by the cool air, that she wandered on through the grounds until she came to a little summer-house which in their childhood's days (now so long ago) Edith Lor- raine and Arthur Bertram had been used to call their castle, and to defend from the assaults of the little Croft girls, when they were all staying at Rockalpine. This part of the garden was divided only by a low, iron fence from the brook and the strip of grass land which separated it from the Black Wood, The Black Wood had no terrors for Lady Edith ; and she entered the summer-house, so full of ghosts of the past. As Edith sank on a rustic seat, almost unconsciously to herself her secret thoughts stole from her lips in the words of a little duet, which she had been wont to sing with Arthur Bertram— "Come to me!-come to me! Over the dark blue sea. I pine-I long for thee, Choice of my heart!" What well-known, well- loved did voice catch up the strain? First pale, then red, now cold, now hot, the maiden starts up with ear attent, while a rich, manly voice responds- ' Dearest, I come to thee, Over the dark blue sea. Say, wilt thou dwell with me, Never to part?" It was no dream. A tall shadow fell on the door, as, with a bound, clearing the fences, Arthur was by his Edith's side. Yes, he was there ; and, after a few moments, in which the tumultuous happiness of both forbade either to speak, Arthur explained that his grand- father Mr. Croft, had sent for him peremptorily to be present at the reading of the late Earl's will, but why his presence was required Arthur did not know. All he knew, all he felt was, that he should be near his Edith, and that was enough for him. "I came down here my love, the day before yesterday,' he said, 'and I spend my time, chiefly, in roaming about night and day, hop- ing to catch a glimpse of your form in the gardens, and gazing at the light from what I heard from Mr. Croft was your window." Not long would Edith allow her Arthur to linger— not long would he have presumed to stay by her side. They parted, cheered and solaced by that brief, unexpected meeting. As they clung together in a long, parting embrace; little did they dream how soon they would meet again! CHAPTER XXXVI. 'Pauline! look up, Pauline! Thou art safe!' LADY OF LYONS. In the dead of the night, a shrill, wild cry of "Fire!" rang through Rockalpine Castle; and the Earl, the Countess, Lady Ida, and the terri- fied servants looked from their doors, in their- white night dresses, and pale as death, all ask- ing what that shriek meant— all distinctly smelling the fire and the smoke, and all bent solely on saving themselves. It was as the old housekeeper had feared. One of the death watchers, in her high cauled nightcap, had, in her drunken sleep, fallen against one of the wax tapers placed round the coffin— a spark had dropped on her cap border, and in a few moments she was on fire. Edith, who, as was her wont, before going to bed, had stolen to her grandfather's room to kiss the cold, cold brow for the last time (for at dawn he was to be shut for ever from her sight), opened the door of the chamber of Death, just as the fire, smouldering in the gar- ments of one of the death-watchers, was com- municating itself to those of her neighbours. Edith's piercing screams aroused them to the sense of their danger. Sobered at once, they rushed into the room, and on the landing at the bottom of the stairs, were met by the old housekeeper, who, the first to hear that shriek of Edith's and her agonised reiterated cries of 'Fire! had aroused the men- servants who had slept downstairs, and who were bring- ing up pails of water to the scene of the con- flagration. In spite of the old housekeeper, whose sole care was for her dead master, the men wasted (as she called it) the water in putting out the flames that wonld soon have consumed the death-watchers. Meanwhile, Edith did her best to keep the raging element from her grandfather's remains. It was a strange sight. There lay the old man, from whose marble face and rigid form she had plucked the sheet, lest it should catch fire— the fire light lending an almost life-like glow and play to his still, marble features, and Edith perilling her young life, at the imminent risk of perishing by fire, to save the sacred remains of the inanimate, the senseless dead. Alas ! she has used all the water in the room —the smoke begins to darken the air, and to choke, to smother her. The flames have luckily taken a direction away from the coffin and towards the door. Suddenly consciousness forsakes her— she sinks oh the ground; when lo! one of the windows of the room is forced open from without— the wimd drives the flames fiercely towards her— but a dear voice recalls her to life— a strong arm is thrown round her! Arthur Bertram, ones again her guardian angel, raises her from the ground, and bears her in safety out of the room, just as, headed by the old housekeeper, the men-servants with cans and buckets of water rush in. The fire is got under. The old housekeeper, at the risk of her own life, ascertains that her 'blessed master's body if safe,' and that he will yet be buried as his fathers were— that is, be borne in the plumed hearse, followed by the train of black coaches to the family vault. The danger over, Lord Rockalpine came forth, Arthur Bertram then explained that from a distance he had seen at the window the red glare which betrayed the fire; that he had, by aid of the terrace and the ivy, scaled the wall, and had burst in at the window, in time to save the Lady Edith. He did not add that he was wandering about the grounds to watch the light in her chamber, when the red glare in the window of the late Earl's dressing-room caught his eye. The Earl asked him no questions. He coldly and haughtily thanked him, and offered him a bed at the Castle, but the manner in which he did this was so imperious, and contemptuous (the Earl remarking that there were no rooms unoccupied, save in the servants' attic, but that Croft, his grandfather had occasionally slept there), that Arthur declined and took his leave-Edith, saying in spite of her father's presence. 'Heaven bless you, Arthur Ber- tram! You have again saved my life! How can I reward you? To which Arthur had replied, "I am overpaid, Edith, in seeing you safe.' And thus they parted, the Earl angrily say- ing to Edith, 'Go to bed, I am surprised that a daughter of mine should suffer a grand son of an attorney to address her, as that low upstart has addressed you, even in my presence. Not but what the odious and degrading familiarity began with you! Go to your room, and remember, if that young man appears be- fore you again, I forbid you to exchange a word with him. Edith went in tears to her sleepless pillow, which was haunted by Arthur's dear face and form. The Earl's pillow, too, was sleepless, and it was also haunted by the same face and form, and vividly did they recall those of one who had for four-and-twenty years been mouldering in the grave, but who seemed to live again in in the shape of old Croft's detested, insulted, and despised grandson, Arthur Bertram! 