ARCHBISHOP POLDING AT LONGFORD, TASMANIA. (From the Cornwall Chronicle. Feb. 26.) The quiet little township of Longford has been roused from its accustomed state of lethargy by the presence of such distinguished visitors as the Archbishop of Sydney, the Bishop of Eobarb Town, aud the Very Rev. Dr. Colletti, who have been the guests of the Rev. J, J. M'Kernan Bince last Thursday. The principal object of the Bishop's visit was to confer the Sacrament of Confirmation on each of the con gregation as had not yet received that grace. Ac half- past 10 on Sunday morning all who were prepared — to the number of thirty — assembled at St. Agustine's Church, At 11 o'clock the distinguished prelates were received at the door of the church by the rev. pastor, and conducted to their respective thrones within the sanctuary. The Bishop then pro ceeded to examine the younger portion of the candidates in order to ascertain if they had acquired the requisite knowledge of Christian doctrine to fib them for the reception of the sacrament. The examination being ended, Dr. Colletfci celebrated Missa Cantata, after which his Lordship addressed those about to be confirmed — explaining the nature of the sacrament and its effects upon the soul by the reception of the Holy Ghost, and how necessary it was, in these days especially when infidelity is so rampant, that all should avail themselves of the strengthening grace of this sacrament. The Bishop then oonferred the sacrament, and when the recipients had retired to their places, again addressed them, exhorting them to be ever careful to guard the precious faith which it was their blessed privilege to possess ; to be zealous in the discbarge of every Christian duty ; aud to keep inviolably all the commandments of God, for the violation of any one was sufficient to bring down hi.s wrath, His Lordship also took tho opportunity of complimenting the zealous pastor on his ener« getio labours in tbo oauae of religion, and specially alluded to the purohase of the presby tery aud the burial ground, and the many other j necessary improvements effected during tk© ' sborfc spaoa of twelve months ; and the congre gation for their hearty co-operation in his efforts on their behalf. He thcu dismissed them with, his episcopal blessing. The evening service was conducted by the rev. pastor. The Rev. Dr, Colletti preached an e^jquent and instructive sermon, taking for his text — ' Know you nob that you are now the temple of God, and the Holy Spirit dwelleth in you.' After che service the benediction was bestowed by the ReV. M'Kernan. On Monday evening his Grace the Archbishop, his Lordship the Bishop, and the Rev. Dr. Colletti left by train for Lannoeston. Country Collections fou .«t. Mary's. We learn from a correspondent at Young, that the Rev. W. J. Riordan haa been very successful in his mission in raising funds for the rebuilding of St. Mary's Cathedral. He left Young on the 25th ultimo, intending to visit Cootamundra on the 27th, and Jugiong on the 3rd instant. As will be seen by our advertisement the rev. gentleman will make collections at Gundagai on to- morrow (Sunday), and on Sunday week (14th instant) at Tunout, Dr. Quinn of Brisbane. — In an article on the late Ipswich riot the Oulgong Argus speaks thus of the Bishop of Brisbane : — ' In the fulfilment of this high duty the Right Reverend Dr. Quinn, Catholic Bishop of Bris bane, stands nobly prominent. Would to God such men could be reckoned in every sect by the thousand. Protestants aud Catholics alike look to him as a brother and as a father, for he is not only a true freeman himself but he works earnestly with the view of making every sect true freemen also. When pastors like Dr. Quinn are multiplied in all different ohurohes, bigotry and intolerance will be unknown in these youug states, and one man will no more think of meddling with another man's religion than he thinka now of meddling with his house hold affaire or of quarrelling with him on ac count of ths shape 'of hie features at the oolonr of his hair.' 