HOW A DUEL WAS PREVENTED, BY THE KNIGHT OF INNKHOWBN. Barrett's droll affair of honour was surpassed in real Irish fun by one which took place in Dublin some twenty years previously, in which the celebrated fire- eater and champion of the Dublin Cor- poration, D'Esterre, afterwards shot by O'Connell, came oat in " a new way to pay old debts," and had his overstrained notions of chivalry turned into successful ridicule by an honest, plain-dealing man's mother-wit and common sense. D'Esterre had been one of the most gallant officers in the navy before he became a Dublin wine merchant, in which business he em barked about the beginning of the cen tury. It would appear, unfortunately, tbat he did not bring strictly commercial habits into bis new order of life. When he put his name to paper, the discounter of his acceptance might safely, as a gene ral rnle, deduct, with the interest, the price of the " protest " as well, and even leave a margin for tbe cost of the writ, which wonld require to be threatened at least, if not served, before the obligation would be attended to and satisfied. One day Billy Kirwan, a well-known bill- broker, of great wealth and equal nhrewrinpju- was offered, as he eat, on hla accustomed window-silL in the court-yard of the Commercial Buildings, a bundle of bills for discount by a merchant who had taken them in the way of business. It was Mr. Kirwan's boast tbat he in stinctively knew bad "paper" by the feel of it " There's bad ' paper ' in yoor lot, I can perceive, sir, without taking tbe trouble to look over it ' eeri-ah-tim at lite-rah-tim,' " remarked Billy, who bad been originally intended by his pious Galnay parents for tbe Church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. " Fcenum habet in cornu," he con tinued, "as a body might say to a spavined horse. You had better remove it, if yon playse, sir, before I have any thing to say to you ; for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty my hands with it" " I am astonished to hear you say so, sir," said the merchant ; " and wonld you be pleased to mention wbat it is in my hand that encounters your objec tion 1" " Why, a certain acceptance signed BL D'Esterre ; and, if you must know my opinion, I would not advance the value of a brass button on all tbat a jackass conld draw on the same security." " Good heavens ! And why not %" " For a rayeon I have ; and nobody knows it better than Mr. D'Esterre himself," answered Kirwan. As Mr. Kirwan was sitting alone after dinner the same evening, enjoying his pipe and his glass of punch over one of M'Obee's latter leaders in the Evening Pott, or, ju6t as probable, one of Dan O'Connell's earlier speeches in favour of Catholic emancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. " Who's Colonel Henry ?" demanded Kirwan. " Faith, and its myself doesn't know him foam tbe man in the moon." ' Rowl in the Colonel j and lay ano ther tumbler !" said the master of the honse. Colonel Henry, a tall and "gentle manly-looking man, of middle age, was ushered in. "Mighty glad I am to see yon, Colonel, wha'eier ym've c»me aiumt," said oar host ; but before you would begin I would advise yon to mix a tum bler of that excellent Johnny Power that's forenent yon. If yon take it off at once, it will poll yon through the opening part of yoor business pleasantly and comfortably ; and then yon can mix a second at once to prepare yon for con tingencies." Colonel Henry having taken Kirwan's advice, so far as mixiDg, but not suddenly absorbing the liquor, opened business with all the grandeur of a perfect Sir Lucins, as in days long gone by Jack Johnson nsed to enact the part, not Tyrone Power. The Colonel very much regretted that it fell to his lot to have to deliver a hoe- tile message to a gentleman of snch re spectability as Mr. Kirwan, from one equally respectable and estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He repeated the injurious and insulting expression which the gen tleman whom he had the hononr of ad dressing had made use of in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain merchant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the round of the city before nightfall He pointed out, moreover, the utter impossibility of Mr. D'Esterre allowing such an outrage on name and character to be uttered and sent forth to the world without demand ing the satisfaction of a gentleman. "Then, Colonel, honey, come to the point, and jnst tell me what it is that yon want," demanded Kirwan. " An apology, or the alternative." " Which means that I must eat my words, or fight ?" " Most decidedly." " It can't be done for the money." ".For the money V " Yes, for the money. I'd be glad to accommodate you, my dear colonel, in any way in my power ; but the money stands in my way most completely and entirely." Colonel Henry looked bewildered. Kirwan's argumentum ad crumenam was evidently beyond him. " What money f — whose money f" he exclaimed. " Why, my money, to be sure j tbe money that your reepectoble friend, Mr. D'Esterre, owes me this last couple of years — nothing more nor less than a cool hundred, independent of interest and expenses. I lent it to him at firet, sot-as a matter of business, but on biB pledged word of hononr that he'd retain it to me at the time he promised j and upon my honour and sow!, he hasn't done so from that day to this." Tbe Colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. " Everything," said Kirwan, " in tbe regard of your not having the ghost of an argument on yonr side when yon ask me to apologise or fight" The Colonel still conld not see it ; but bis opponent very soon made him, in this wise. He'd be a liar and a coward to apologise, or in any way retract what he bad said and still felt of D'Esterre, as long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonour ably towards him ; and to go ont and fight him wonld be to act like the big gest fool in existence. " Blood-an'- 'ounsl Colonel," said Billy, "do yon want me to fire against my own money 1 On the other band, if D'Esterre hits me, be'U send to tbe devil after it ; and yon know the Scripture sjjr thai: ' out of hell there's no redemption V " Yeiy true, indeed, and by no means an unreasonable way of patting it," ob served Colonel Henry. " But," he added, " will you, if I satiety you on the money question " " If you pay me — that's the chat !" roared Billy. " Pay you — certainly ; that's what I mean ; but will you then fight f!" " Like a Trojan, Colonel," cried Kir wan : " anything to oblige you ; any thing for peace and quietness. " I shall see yon to-morrow morning again, Mr. Kirwan," said the Colonel, rising and formally bowing to his host, who vainly endeavoured to make him take another jorum, "jnst to show that there was no animosity between them." " You'll have your friend ready in the morning when I call S" asked Hemy, as he turned for the last time. " That's my intintion," responded Kir wan, " and all my worldly affairs settled." Colonel Henty did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwan as sumed as he uttered the last observation, for bis back was turned, and he was half way down the hall-door steps, hailing a passing cabman. Next morning the gallant bearer of the cartel was at the honse of the chal- - lenged party, who received him most graciously. " But your friend, Mr. Kirwan t I don t see tue gentleman to wnom 1 ex pected to be presented," exclaimed the Colonel, not a little surprised. " Lay ve that to me," Kirwan remarked, very coolly. " Bosiness before pleasure, if you please ; have you brought my money f let us settle that before we pro ceed to the sentimental part of the matter." " Certainly," replied Henry. " Here's a hundred-pound Bank of Ireland note at yoor service, which discharges my friend's obligation." " And here's a receipt for that same, with an apology for yonr friend, which he and you would be Hie most unreason able men alive not to accept and be thankful." " What, then ! you don't intend to fight, after all 1" exclaimed the Colonel, on hearing what appeared to him an ex traordinary declaration, and perceiving the perfectly ridiculous result which his grave embassy had at length been brought to. "You won't fight," he repeated. "The divil a bit ! Colonel, honey j and that's as sure as my name is Billy Kirwan. I unsay all I have said of your friend, and apologise to him and you in the handsomest maimer." "I can't jnst at this moment see," ruminated the baffled envoy, " bow my principal is to come out of this affair cre ditably in this fashion !" "He comes ont of it with flying colours ; for his follow citizens will think more of him when they hear be has naid his debts than if he had shot Billy Kirwan !" — Gcnllanait Magazine. 