fti! gcunum ami (Spaty A wit it kr in the " Journal of Applied Science'' says : — The common potato . is an undoubted native of America, and therefore of a temperate climate. It is still found wild on the Western slopes >f the Andes, the tubers being no bigger than filberts. Even the rude red man was found to have cultivated the potato before the arrival of Europeans. ' It was brought from America direct to Ireland, and there first cultivated in 1 586, or about 80 years after the discovery of the New World. It is stated to have been still earlier introduced into Spain and Portugal. From Ireland, it found its way to the Low Countries and to Germany, and from Spain it reached Italy and France. It is an object of cultivation in Asiatic countries only where Eu ropeans have colonised or settled, and there chiefly for their consumption, and only since the beginning of the present century. It is suc cessfully cultivated in Australia and New Zea land, which produced no esculent farinaceous root at all, not even the yam, the taro, or the manioc. The yam is a native of tropical and sub-tropical climates. The genus to which it belongs is considered to consist of several dis tinct species, natives of both Asia and America, and in many places it is still to be found in its wild state. The plant is a slender creeper, yielding a huge tuber, often weighing from 10 up to 301bs., consisting of a great mass of fari naceous matter, a wholesome but dry and in sipid food, greatly inferior in flavour to the coinludii, or even to the , sweet potato. The sweet potato or batata," Is, like the yam, the plant of a warm climate. It is a native of the tropi cal parts of both Asia and America, but it is stated not to have been an object of cultivation by the native Americans, the first mention of it being l.y liigafetta, the companion of Magellan, in the first quarter of the 15th century. In the neighbourhood of the equator, the batata grows lo a large size, often weighing several pounds ; in Java, I have myself seen them of lOlbs., and occasionally they are said to reach even to SOlbs. In that island they enter largely into the food of the people — never, however, forming their principal vegetable' diet, which is always the best of rice. The Dolby Herald says : — It is undoubtedly the case that the London wool brokers misled the Darling Downs men for years by advising them to keep down the length of staple, although by so doing, the producers were continually fighting against climate, which persisted in growing long staple (combing wool). In the long run, climate had the best of the struggle. Those like Clark. Bell, and Kent, who had the nous to see the real state of the case, did not go for clothing wool, but selected their longest stapled ewes and put them to combing rams from Victoria, and in a very few years demon strated that the Darling Downs is essentially a combing wool district. The fallacy of the wool brokers' advice is very remarkably exemplified in the case of the Eton Vale sheep. Messrs. Hodgson and Ramsay stick to the clothing (short staple), j>resumcdly on the usual London advice to keep down the length of the staple. They therefore import Saxon merino" rams from Germany, to assist in maintaining a purely clothing fibre ; but, in spite of all this, the staple will grow so long that Mr. Ramsay seriously talked of shearing twice a year. We had an other instance in a ewe entered by Marshall and Slade at the last Toowoomba Show for champ ion clothing honours, which was actually longer iu stajffe than the champion combing ewe! This ewe is from a purely clothing family, and t-ue fact that they have grown into a combing description is solely due to the feed and climate of the downs. Most farmers are fond of new wheat, yet if .you ask them why, they cannot tell you ; they can assign no reason why new wheat is prefer able to old, only simply that it suits. I, who _.nlwavs love to make observations on causes as well as their effects, have found by experience that it is most advantageous to sow old wheat. My reasons are these : First, I have a field of twenty acres which, whenever in the course of time it came to be sown with wheat, was always sure to be winter proud. The soil being rather hght, I sowed (merely from practice) with new wheat ; the result was it became shrivelled in the grain, and was not at all to be compared with the crop of an adjoining neighbour, even though the culture of the soil was the same in every respect, and the only difference was that the ground was sown with " old wheat." An other year followed, and it presented the same ap pearance — shrivelled in the grain, and the straw weak and very brittle. The result was, I tried it last season with some seed wheat of some 3 years old (if I may use the term), and, strange to say, I reaped a plentiful harvest, and for grain or straw my crop was unequalled. Many farmers havev suffered from this distemper des troying their crops, and who under the title of " rust" believed the distemjier incurable. Second, I would advise my brother farmers to bum the stubble before ploughing, and likewise not to sow the wheat (and not to use wheat of less than two years old) too late ; and, lastly, to be sure never to roll it until the crop appears over ground. I have fried this, and found that I ex tirpated the rust from my fields. — L. D. O'Ryan, Drumbane Farm, Woolert. In a recent issue of Messrs. Hazard and Calde- cott's monthly wool circular, the following is given : — " The continued over-classing of wool, particularly Sydney and Port Phillip, by causing so many small lots, has again been much com plained of. The result, as usual, has been un satisfactory, as to prices obtained for such. Many buyers will not look at the small lots into which some parcels, from the way they are sorted, arc obliged to be lotted ; the directions generally in such cases being that such classifi cation is to be followed in selling — great loss is caused through this to the owners." If owners were but to class their wool according to the length of the staple rather than attempt an elaborate classification of qualities, the result would be more satisfactory to both buyers and sellers. This has been clearly exemplified in the case of several Queensland clips, where, for years and years, the quality classification has been abandoned, and the fleeces arranged in the hales according to length of staple, resulting in a most marked uniformity of prices, year after year, in the whole of the clip. In "- some instances, in fact, in many, the general average of the whole clip thus arranged has been fully equal to the general average of clips admitted ny common consent to be very much superior, and where, in consequence of a numerous sub division of classes, a few packed bales have re- alised extreme rates. Thus, if owners will but - abandon the losing practice of "classification," and place the wool in bales as it is taken from the different breed of sheep, they might have a chance of enjoying the benefits to be reaped from the quality of Australian wool, which, in some instances, cannot be equalled in the mother country. The Tasmanian Tribune reports that on Sun day evening, 7th instant, as a couple, consisting of a young lady and her admirer, were wander ing in the vicinity of St. George's burial ground, the spectre, which has up to now eluded the vigilance of the police and the public, made its appearance. It was nearly being its last ap pearance in public, for the youth gave chase and pressed it so closely that it was compelled to divest itself of some of its dress, which fell into the hands of the pursuer. The articles con sisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and a skirt, connected with which was, of course, the ever- attendant improver. The spoil remains in the hands of the party who drove the ghost off to the extremity of leaving it on the field, and the owner can have it on application to the efficient police. Mr. Mathison, the proprietor of the prospect ing claim at Bald Hills, near Forbes, has been killed by falling down a shaft one hundred and .seventy feet in depth. 