INSTALLATION OF TEE FIRST BISHOP OF SANDHURST. The ceremony of the installation of tlie first Bishop of Sandhurst took place yesterday morn ing at St. Kilian's Church. Although charges of five shillings and half-a-crown were made for ad mission, the church was densely crowded, a large number of persons of other denominations being present. Punctual to the hour named for the commencement of the ceremony, the choir accompanied by the organ, sang the Hallelujah Chorus, during which a procession passed up the aisle in the following order :—It was pre ceeded by two boya in vestments carrying the crucifix and lighted tapers. They were followed by the "Very Rev. Dean Backhaus, and the Rev. Fathers Revel and Allen. Then came Bishop Crane in full robes, and with his crook in his hand. He was followed by the Metropolitan of the diocese (Archbishop Gould) who also was in full canonical costume, and carried the emblem of the crucifix. As the last of the procession passed inside the alter rails, the chorus ceased, and the Metropolitan taking the bishop-elect by the hand, briefly introduced him to his flock, impressing upon them the necessity of paying obedience to his commands. Pontifical High Mass was then celebrated, and the solemnity of the proceedings were heightened considerably by the chanting and intonations of the bishops and priests engaged in the service. During the Mass, Mr. Macoboy sang " The Sanctus Spiritus" and " Gloria in Excelsis" splendidly. The Rev. Father Kelly then preached from the Douay version of the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, descriptive of the descent of the Holy Ghost. In a brief but eloquent sermon he described the duties of a bishop, who was, he said, placed amongst his flock as the representa tive of the guardian appointed by the churches, and acknowledged by the Divinity as its head. It was for them on their part to help him in his duties by their countenance and support. It was for him to watch over their spiritual life, and, above all, it was for him to comfort the sick, to help tlie poor, and give succor and consolation to the dying. Referring to his antecedents, he said the bishop came from an Order which had sent many noble and good men to do the work of the church, amongst whom was also the Arch bishop. Their new bishop had been the head of an Augustinian monastry, and there lie liad ex ercised all those christian virtues, and performed those charitable deeds, which had fitted him to the position to which the head of their church had seen fit to elevate him. He could not con clude without paying a fitting tribute to the reverend gentleman who had labored amongst them so long—who liad been a most zealous ser vant of the church in times when the district was not so far advanced in settlement and civiliza tion as it was now, and who had himself been specially honored by the churches supreme head. At the conclusion of the service addresses were presented to the bishop. At Vespers the Bishop preached from the following text, taken from the Acts of the Apostles:—"Go ye therefore and teach, all nations, baptizing them in the same name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. I Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever i I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you I always, even unto the end of the world." In dealing with the subject of the sermon his Lordship dwelt partie r.larly on the state of the church militant as it existed at present. He declared that the power of the Divinity had come direct from Christ to St. Peter, who liad | founded Rome and made her the seat of the Apostolic religion. That religion claimed as its first rule obedieneo to the Pontiff, oil whom the authority of the saint had been thrown, and it claimed also that the representatives he had appointed should be recognised as his vice regents on earth. As a matter of fact, he stood before them as the successor of St. Peter, as the supreme head of the flock which had but one creed, one head, and one baptism. That creed, ho was proud to say, liad beeil founded by Christ, had existed through terrible persecutions, and through persistent prosecutions, until that day. Still, it was a creed which liad been handed down to them through all time, and had for its head the great founder of the i Christian religion—Christ himself. But ho was ! proud to say tho church had recently shown | that it was beyond the power of any earthly i monarch or potentate to'crush it. It liad shown ! itself still supreme and potential. Its voice was j still heard throughout Europe, and would be ! heard in the days which were to come. It liad arrayed against it a great Emperor and a still I greater Prince, but, for all that, it was the mis- | tress of the world. Not one thing had , occurred yet, in his belief, to wrest from the hands of the Pontiff the power lie possessed, or to fear that anything would occur to interfere J with the religion which, as a body, they , possessed, or with the growth of those honest j convictions he was amongst them to promulgate. He came to them as one appointed by tho , natural successor of Christ. He name to them also as a pastor, and lie would do his duty to them honestly, and asked those who were present to regard him as a father amongst tliGin, to whom they might come with their grief and their cares, as they would go, in the privacy of their owu chambers, to their God, of whom, through their Lord Jesus Christ, he was repre sentative, appointed by the successor of St. Peter, Híb Holiness the Pope of Rome. 