CA BIIWOW AMA*-Wo Hollowing, ia an.--account t>Tlho number of pnid telegrams lnin.iniil.ted through Hm Haslem iixtc'nsion AiiHlnibiwa nnd China Telegraph Com- pany's e.ibiö' from' tWt IJnrwin, for Ute week end- ing: friday, August (i :- Sent, from tho Colouios : .South Aii«tnilia,'l2; Victoria, 30 ; Now South Wales, it ; Queensland, 8 ; Tasmania, 2 ; Now Zealand, 4 : total 81. Seul lo tho Colonies: South Australia, ll; -Victoria, :if>; New South Wales, lil; Now Zealand, '2: total, (17. Total number of messages Ißt. I'AVMP.NT Ol' WAGKS ON A SATURDAY.-l'l'O . ?bnbly tho custom of paying wages and salaries on SH turf days" Ls tho oliiof reason ihnt so much intoxication prevails on-tho last evening of tho week. The living stream, com iiosbaVfor tho most part of cheery family groups on market; inglnnd Bight-seeing intent, that snrgos up and down fOeorgo and Pitt streets on those occasions is pleasant (6 wittie*,. Uni as the hours wear on (hero uro spectacles which are not quite so gratifying. Knots of young men, evidently junior clerks, store assistant*, nnd so forth, ?swagger-along ihe pavement,' all molt! or less under the inlluenoe of drink, and apparently loaming from hotel to hotel. Indeed, if any ol' tho Jnttor establishments be entered, it will bo observed flint nil of them, from the most «eteet café .iii the dirtiest public-house, curry on their liveliest ' liquor trafile, on Saturday night. As midnight approaches the- streets are not very orderly thoroughfares. Tho. youtlia' before referred, to, now in a' much moré advanced state,'of inebriation, take tho trottoir pretty well tn thcnisolvea, playing practical jolios, or, in thu current phrase, " skylarking," whooping,, singing, and generally uniting themselves extremely ridiculous. Roughs, and laniltiiia iippear in swarms ; und u depraved section of thc coinuiuutty are plying their calling everywhere. lint -'-beyond ull.ttii-Vthere is yet another deplorable spectacle-; nnïnely, that of n number of lnbouring men spending their lia id-en (tied wages in public-houses, and reeling home lo their families' in a brutal and debused stute of intoxication: Tho tiiicos of the debauch bul loo frequently, indeed, lust through tho following day. Any ono who'will take tho tlimbic oo a Sunday to stroll through one. of Hmso partions ol' the city inhabited' by the poorer classes will observe . numbera of.mon hnlf-siupefled with drink, and evidently liiddiiig fair lo-'resume their condition ol' tho previous night/ Tho Police Courts on Munday morning furnish : I ho'UK chanter, ol'ithu, lalo, .lint why should this he ? Why should Saturday evening bo reserved for an in gie and , dedicated, for tho special bencht of tho publicans ? lt is deeply to bo regretted; and, as we before observed, tho practico of paying salaries and wages on Saturdays pro- bably-has much' to do. with it. If. it .wera customary to /.pay euiploy¿s on Mondays ii yery great dont of dissipation, vice, and extravagance might', perhaps, be ott'ectunlly stopped. Tho: anticipation of Tuesday's work might prevent Monday's folly.-Melin. FATAL ACCIDENT IN KENT-STREET - ABout half-past 5 o'clock, yesterday afternoon, as a spring-van driven by a man named William Garret was proceeding along Kent-street, towards Erskine-street, an infant named Henrietta Caldwell, aged one year and eleven months old, was run over and killed. Garrett was driving his horse at a slow trot when the child, was about to cross the road, and the near wheel of the van knocked the little girl down. It is said that Garrett pulled up, and the wheel was then on one of the infant's hips. He then slackened the reins and the horse moved, and the wheel passed over the child's head. Garrett was arrested, and charged with causing the death of the said Henrietta Caldwell. The deceased is the daughter of Hugh Caldwell, of 289 Kent- street. Dr Dansey saw the body and stated that death must have been instantaneous. rl'fU)t>K8TANT Aj.MANt'K. .Viii KNt>I,Y SoC'IKTV.-. "The thlld anniversary ol' thc No; ll Lodge of tho Protestant 'Alliance-Friendly Society took <pince-, hist night, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. Mr. G. lt. Dibbs occupied irthp- chajr,: and - af tor-li"fli opoiii nj? hddresij n; programme of [i qi'ngS 'and dances vyas gpnnithrpngli by a number of Indy and gentlemen amateurs willi groat success.* Several feats ol' lcgcidcmaiu woid also performed antisfnctorily, and Mu) largo audience which wiujjirescnt showed their appreciation of tho entertainment by-repeated rounds ol" applause. Ml, P. Rmv.Jl otlicinted lis.accompanist. ; ' ' Ktf.i.iif) itv ' A.FAi.i.iNa. .TitEK.-Tito BurnnA , pong Argus reports that a magisterial inquiry was held at Wonibat, óu Friday, by the police'magistrate, touching the death'of'-Kir-hárd' Taff. From the evidence 'adduced; il . appeared that deceased, who was hired-' by a selector named . Lowry, was át'work by himself fulling trees,' and'that upon Lowry ftouig. lo tlio place where lie was at'work-, he found hmi'ijúitó'dJead, lying, under the limb of a tree which he sippepretl tnI'haW'beciv falling. .Deceased' was a native of I iol»i0^ri)etwDifn'flfty and sixty years of ago ; -and was ti "sober,"'eWidyintiu';',' .,;, t A CONVICT CAPTURED.-An account of the capture of a notorious convict is given by the South Aus- tralian Register of July 30:-" Sergeant Bentley arrested on Wednesday, the 28th instant, James Hurley, a notorious escaped prisoner.- He has had an adventurous career in crime, and for a long time, evaded the police of West Aus- tralia by shifting, often under various disguises, from one to another part of that colony. On Juno 26 he escaped from Rockingham, 25 miles from Perth; as a stowaway on board the barque Armistice, bound to Wallaroo with timber and arrived on July, 13. The offender is one of the great Cornhill burglars, and having been convicted of burglary and several other offences on April 10, 1865, at a Criminal Court in London, was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. He was sent out in 1866 to West Australia, in the convict ship Corona, and was liberated al Perth on ticket- of-leave in May, 1872. In May, 1874, he was the ringleader of a band of burglars, some of whom were sentenced to seven years, and Hurley was ordered to have three years' penal servitude. In 1874 he again received a ticket-of-leave, but it was revoked, as he was convicted of being found on the premises of a Perth citizen with some felonious intent. He was brought to Adelaide by the Wallaroo coach on Thursday, and will be takenbefore Mr. Beddome today at the City Police Court. The prisoner is 5 feet 8 inches in height, 46 years of age, and has a determined-looking cast of countenance. The man's apprehension is due to the prompt action of Inspector Peterswald, who caused him to be arrested as soon an information of his whereabouts was received. He was working nearKadina when captured. NARROW ESCAPE FROM A FEARFUL DEATH. OnTuesday evening last (says the Braidwood-Dispatch) ] William Hargraves, Shoemaker, in the employ of Mr. John Kelly, of this town, had a most narrow escape from being burnt to death under the following circumstances :-It .""ihpp^datQ.tliat ho is very subject ta. tits,: and'that on tho night in questiou ho waa in the act of lighting his pipe after tea, " mt tlio kitclien firaphUc,'w"hen,:bemg'sei2ed ivith a flt, ho fell into tho tito. Tho fit nitistliavo'passfcd - away quickly, aN -ho got out of tho fire, but how;he; has not the slightest recollect ion. Nd' hssUtnncc waA,'howevèr, at hand at the] tiuip. Ho is rfcnrfidly" burnt iU)out-4bo. right, arm-and . shouldor. and also on'bis left bnôd' arid leg. Ho has had , -ru'mixlics.appUed to'draw out tho Ure' froiii the wmnda and i:caa$e.tbem tbiióal, but-soine tiuio:niust^^relapso bofora he is able to ros.uuio hiti daity avocations. . ; i -i. ,'I'l.ti«,-' ÖVEOCANlr TF.LKG11.VPH' TO ! IWl-lSTKItN' ïoAosTtiAiitA-.-''Tho telegraph lirio to Western Australia," .?.fwtUosUho.-A'ow/A Australian Advertiser of-August loi witt-go from Port Augusta to-bawler's "Bay." Iron poles aio to bo lifted throughout, and thoso will bc taken from! r Port AuguaUi ,yia, I'j-añklin "Hurbom-, lo,.Port, Lincoln,1 . th'encVHCi'ïss'tt Coffin'* "Bny.'-and along the coast to Venus Bay, dud then,from Streaky: Bay to Fowler's Bay, n suth-' .ciejU number -baring been' ordered to pole right through.' Mr. hamclcoyl will start this week for tho purpose of laying out tho line. Mr. Walter Thompson has tho contact for this, portion of. tho work, but the othor parts are not vet lot. As'to the Western Atistntliiu end bf tho line, the ? Governs ? utr-nt ha YO, wo licliovo'.let the contracts, and . the work has , boen ooiutueaced." i ¡ , ' . ? ! QVRRM'S .THKATBR.-« Thft Sea of Ice, or tho' Wild Wowcr. sf Mexico," ia a good, old Adolph! drama; that has beeu played in tho 'colonies with. more or less; success for many yearn. It was produced yesterday! evening . at . thu Queen's, with ' Miss Aniy Ston'ej and Mr. ll. F. Stono in the lending chin-actors. . The " Seal ot Ice " is a well constructed piece, having mnnv rocom-l mendatitms to favour as a pUy of this class. 'It has ai divoisity i.f parts, sensational effects, pretty scenery nnd] costume* ; and the »ituations aro not tito over-strained.' The! plot must he too woll known to tho theatre-going public to' render auy detail necessary. Miss Amy Stone, of course,! sustained tho part of Louise de Laseoiirs in tho first and! ' necond,' arid Oguhito in ' tho subséquent acts. She ? did her . best ,with this, a« she' has witli every intporsouatitin thnt:i sb« lias sustained hero, andi »ho elicitod « certain: amount óf áppínuse. Yet it is tmpus-j siblo to say that She'gave an adequate realisation ot the' . part... She! has tua'accent and a mannerism that .willi always militate against success ; she strives for too much: after effect, and she appears nover to have -aequircdi tho art of convoying real fooling and appreciation of the setitiniBtlts ' she ' is called ' upon to enunciate.' As. au. .ittlolligent member of a good slyçk cout-i pany. 'thiVludy will'doubtless acquit herself with credit. Mr.iH,'F. Stone plays Bambas, the frightened sailoiymJ the Brat two new, and Baiubas, the true aiid faithful, in tlioi . thoi third, fouctlu aud fifth. ; Ititi vocation': i« 'bin! cóñicdv,' and m that lino ol'business be would achieve n markèd! Miçcçsi) but in attciiipting character pails he, simply makes ti nuMnkc. 'For°the rest, "Mr; AV. J. . HollowaV was au! adequate Onrioa; Mr: IO: B. Russell a fair Horace dc Bnimup -, Mm. felton a'good Uiuna do. Lascotus ; and tbèf ^-ií;1.?1'^? . "T¥?ra-n'0"'e: or less lUp' to the requirements!' . Wilaouta.8ceuoiy, et,i)ecially that of'tho'breaking up of the . ice, was pretty arid m good taste'. There,was a laive audience. . ; , ' .' ' I SiONOa liisTOKi's CONCERT." - It will' be' noticed ou reference to our advertising.'columns that the' ? above ncoomplished singer, who created so favourable au1 impression on tho occasion of Madamo -liishop's farewelll -concert, ts to give a grand concert on.Saturday nex't, at the! School of Arts nt 3 p.m. It will also be seen 'that an array' ot nituucnl talent will assist the ben«Hríiih.\ rat'lndra**' hignoriuo Kistoi-i, Giorza. Uoheler. and Mr. líeniimont! ACitl. \- ."V'KiroBíA , THKATIIIÍ.-YcBterdav ëvcniiirrj 'Mai-iu Autoiuetlv" wa« repented before n w'elWIlh'd house,! i in?. Pri'fieu''a of, Sir Hercules ,lt,obiusou,. Um Iton.i Lady Lohtnatm, aMa.,^uil«:;,,:,Xh9 liag,«jy will; 6» ritpoalodi lots eyontug. ,)i MI! ,'u ,jt i-. ' ' ' ; SYDKIDY-INTIJIMAUY.-Export . £or tho week, ending August TG :-Admitted-28''thales, 10 females: tolnl, 08. DischHrged-Z7: mnlcB, 15 females: total, ta. Died-ll mnlos, 1 romalo : total, 4.. Remaining, in house 140 males, 72 females: .total» :218.'¡ Subscriptions, icc, received, £44 7s. ' . . ' AN M.D' AND ilia SIMCAJCINO Tann.-"Mglea," in Ute Amtralasian, tolls tho following story:-" I havè always felt great sympathy for medical men dragged from their warm beds on chilly nights to attend some ' inhlmti imaginaire. Tho ineonvomeuco of responding to midnight knocks and rings lias induced tho occasional uso of a speak- ing-tube, ono ond of which is uvailablo oulsidn tho hall door, and the floxiblo othor end tito doctor tucks comfortably under his pillow. But oven this contrivance is not without its drawbacks. Dr. '-, who Is a mnri iod man and strictly circumspect, bad his new spoaking-tubo practically tested the other night. Ho had returned lato and tired, fully resolved to bavo some neodful rest, and not. lo go out till next morning. Ho was scarcely asleep before a signal caine through tho tubo. "Who's" theret"' said tho doctor, simulating rather unsuccessfully a female voice. Tho reply was the nnmo of a disturber who hud listore called him' up for some trilling ailment. So tho answor was sent down, " The doctor's out," and the. colloquy was thin) continued:-Visitor: Sure it's yourself that's sponklngj doctor. M.D. : Tho doctor's out, T tell you. Visitor: Come down; I won't keep you a minnie. M.I). : Thrt doctor's not come home yet. Visitor : Thou it's timo lurdid -for I'll swear there's ii. ninn iu his bedroom. And thon that doctor corked Up hi« end of the now speaking-tube; und slid down the bannisters with thu chamber poker." Tun COST OF TWO RKHCUK» SIIKKP.-"An incident hus come under our notice," writes tho etonllieru Aryan (a South Australian papor) of August G, "which deserves publication,-as a warning to those .who may bo (11 duecdlo play the good Samaritan under siniilar.circiiïn stances. Wc have Hie facts upon tho bast authority. As; thc sicamor Arie! was slowly steaming up tho. Darling; ulong tho boundary of Burtundy station. Now South "Wales, tlie captain espied two sheep ho|>oIcssly boggod by thc riverside, beneath the precipitousoliffs which forin,tho banks. Taking pity upon the pour brutes, tho captain sent a boat to rescue the'ni, and as they could not bo binded ful- some distance oil' thoy wore brought on board. Td save the trouble of stopping and pulling them ashore, Captain Anderson, who has been on thu river and borne the highest character for the last sixteen years, ordered tho cook to uso thuin, and wrote a letter io the owner of Burtundy station (Mr. Annand), at tho next stopping placo, staling what ho had done, and that he had credited him in their mutual no-' .counts with the value of the sheop ut current rales. Tho worthy captain doubtless thought he had earned thu thanks' of Mr." Armand in thus saving his sheep, and wont on his way with virtuous self-complaconoy. Nothing, more was' heard of the altair until Andorson sent in his account against Annand for freight and goods, showing ii 1Mlauco of £24 against Armand, tho sheep having boon credited-at usual price, and then to Iiis astonishment he was mel with a demand of £10 a head for tho sheep ho had rescued from death, with a plainly implied hint that ho had stolon ll»m. Disgusted willi tho meanness which prompted this tiuguttcful demand, and unwilling to incur tho tumble and expense of going to law, which would tnvolvo the stoppage of the steamer, Captain Anderson allowed tho set-oil' and took a receipt for tho amount, which may at any time be seen pasted up in tho Ariel's cabin. Wc are, iiitoiined that, stung by thu 'chad' and contempt; of his .neighbours, Slr. Annand hus since ottered tho money to sc-veial charities at Wilcannia, but they, one and all, refusa to touch such ill-gotten gains, and great iudignatlmt'justly exists, not only at the extortion, but at tho plain inference against tho character of so wtill-known a trader. If Mn Annand really thought that Captain Anderson stolo tho sheep, which was an absurd "supposition under tho circum- stances, did it mit strike him flint he was omnjioiiiidiug ii feluny iu iicceptiug.moiiey as a compensation?' ! A SCHOOL ÏEACHKK FINED von ÜKATINO A Hov.-The Albury Jlainier states Ulai, dilling the week; Mr. II. Quinlan, teacher of the Dry Creek State school, appeared at the Chiltern Police Court to answer the charge of having assaulted a buy, mimed Charles Christi'), by beal- ing him with a cane willi undue severity. From the evi- dence taken, it transpired thal thu boy had been caned for telling a lie. mid when .boforo tho Court, although tho caning lind taken place a fortnight previously;-the innrM were slill visible on bis legs. Mr. J. It. Whitehoad, ii tm nit er of the.School Board of Advice, who appeared as .i witness in thu ca.se, said that he had visited the school after puut'siiinent had been administered to the buy.; the teacher told him that he hud punished Christie.fortellmguntiiiths willi reference to what had transpired at school; there were luniks 011 tho boy, but tho skin was not broken, and ho thought lying ought tobe punished severely. Mr. Holmes, polite magistrate, after a patient hearing pi' the ease, said he considered tlio boy had been punished somewhat too severely; not with moto, severity perhaps than had been the custom some years ago, but the feeling with regard to the infliction of'.corpural punishment on children had changed of late years; tho law allowed schoolmasters to punish children under their charge, but tho permission was carefully hedged in, so that'unnecessary severity might nut bc- used ; us ho behoved tho teacher had shnply'been netti-, ated by u desire to correct the boy for his fault,' and hud not beeti guilty ot wilful cruelty, ho would inflict the: nominal fine ol' 2s. (id., willi 7s. cost's. '? . ACCIDENT TO A BLIND MAX.-" A most peculiar accident happened to-a blind man," the ,üix¡cin¡i, "Advertiser states, "on " Wednesday" about half-past (jj A team of bullocks was being driven along Ryrie-street without 11 waggon behind them, when tho blind'man, who was crossing tho street at its intersection with Yarr.i street, nnd feeling his wny with n long stick, came in contact with them, falling across the chain between the. centre pairs.- The .bullocks, startled with tinding.a lond iii such a peculiar position, took fright, tho front ones kicking out nt the unfortunate fellow os ho clung tenaciously to' thc chain, and thc two behind seem inclined to let him feel their horns. .Tho. rest.of the .team being alarmed at the' commotion also took fright, tho whole of them rushing up Yarra-street, dragging tho blind man along with them,1 who apparently was receiving blow after blow from tho excited quadrupeds' heels. When opposite tho Wesleyan' pnrsonngo tho driver, niter using hts utmost endeavours;! succeeded in bring tho bullocks to a standstill, and tlio blind mnu was jerked off the chain and thrown in a heap' tin the footpath. Strange to say he did not appear in any-! way hurt or disconcerted nt his unpreconcerted escape, liis; only anxiety being that he would not lose his stick. His clothes, however, were eorisidcnibly _torn through being dragged along tho ground.". , *' *.,.;' : ! COWAHDLY Usn OP ¡GuNi'OWDHif.-The Mouth Australian Jlegistcr reports that at tho Adelaide Police Court, ou August 9, Janies Bennett, . woodcarter, was charged- by . inspector Peterswald with . unlawfully and maliciously causing certain gunpowder to be received by Ann Stephens, with intent, to do hor grievous bodily harnij at Magill, on August y. Mr. Harold Dow'ner.appeared for the defence. Ann Stephens' deposed that'h'ar sun paid the rent of the house, and gave her firewood; he threatened to shoot lier'willi a glin ón April 7; aboutit o'clock on that night «ho heard the report of a gun: went outside tho door and remonstrated with prisoner, telling him that lid should not shoot at that.hour of the night.; lie replied thai he would shoot her, and used foul, language ; in. May last he threatened to murder witness ;'on Monday lust witness went' ¡mt into her yard for wood, and found tlie three pieces' of firewood produced in the place where she usually gathered chips: witness: and -a -girl took tho wood home ; on Tuesday morning she put one of the pieces of wood, on the fire, and went into another room: hume-! dintely afterwards, heard her little girl calling, and on going hilo the room witness found the ashes und fire scat- tered about; smelt gunpowder; at noon put another piece of wood on the lire, and that exploded with much greater force, the pieces of wood dying out from the' fireplace; produced the third piece of wood, which was charged with gunpowder ; her son was always abusing her, but he had never struck her nor ill-used her. John Denny, mason', Magill, said he went to'Mrs; Stephens'* house in consequenco ol' what she told him on Mouday last ; ho identified the thieo pieces of wood in Court; saw smoke in tho house, and smelt gunpowder; found one of the pieces of wood with gunpowder in it ; the wood was tightly plugged with another piece of woodJ William Thorne stated that Mrs. Stophens lind complained to him of the conduct of. her son';..tho neighbours near the! .place wore respectable ns far as witness knew, and.noe likely to steal wood. John Riddle, woodcarter, Magill, de-1 posed that he was a " mate " of the prisoner's; they of ten missed wood from Bennett's yard ; was with tho prisoner! when ho put the powder into tlie wood ; all the.people near! the placo were respectable as far as witness know ; prisoner hadnover made .use of threutoning language towards his! mother in witness's' presence Committed for trial at tito' criminal sittings of ihe Supreme Court. j "IT NEVER HAINS HUT IT poi/ns."--The! following story is related by tho Ballarat correspondent of, the I'lca&ant; Creek Kens :-" About eighteen months ago ¡1 resident of this district; who boasted, and, I believe! truthfully, of thc fact of the blue blood of ari old family' coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle else'-; where. At the time tho ccremonv Was 'performed tho gentleman in question nttracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimos' can, afford threepenny worth of beer for his Sunday's1 dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few! friends did 'assemble together, And wish all happiness to; the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us' unperceived, and not missed.' When I state the wife (a! st langer hereabouts) was as poor, nnd unknown tts tho man! she knelt beside at .the altar, I shall'have said all that! need be said' concerning a marriage vof which few were aware; and about which as many cared.' Hurd work ' in' another colony was to the couplé the only! reward that seemed likely to mark tho fulfilment of a lon'"-' and affectionate engagement. Neither had to -heir know-' ledgo kith rr kin on tho lace of tho earth, so, placed strong reliance in each other when thoy plighted their'troth' tíow mark what, the whirligig of time brought abouti! In April1 last tho husband was ' wanted,'not by. tho police, but by a' thin of solicitors, .who then placed'bim- m possession of somo riverside property tn London, the rent-roll of'whiclt means a little over £13,000 annually.' Tie! had kin, but so', far removed as to bo quito unknown to him. The tuait which reached last, told of further favours, in store .for tho fortunate couple. The' wjfe Ind succeeded, riot to a; title, but to what is better, £»1,000, bequeathed to her by a natural-brother, of whose existence she was 'doubt ful;'.Sud! .f whoso whotoalto'uts arid (as eyotilá tuivS proved* ritmo* . shoUatluot-tho,ghost of u^ideV't ; ! ' ?... . ... : ' - 1 . '" i . '?'.'.,"."'."..-i ii.ii.:.-J:JAr ."?'.?;. i 