BESSY CONWAY ; OB, THE IEISH GIEL IN AMEEICA. ._ — _ ? * ? By MES. J. SADLIER. CHAPER TIL— (Continued) None could tell what was passing in the young man's mind, except ib might be Paul Branigan, whose large head and elfin eyes were visible at one end of the deck where he stood on the companion ladder eyeing the solitary watcher with a grin half 'humorous, half malicious. It was like a cat watching a mouse of whose final capture she was sut licienciy certain. alibi- gaznig a iew moments with that sort of basilisk expres sion which must have fascinated the other had he turned towards him, the head disap peared, its owner being doubtless satisfied with his observation. But still the young man stirred not. His eyes were fixed in deep thought, and gradually a darker expression overspread his features, and his brows contracted with an angry frown. ' What a fool they take me for,' he said within himself, ' to think that I—t, Henry Herbert— am leaving friends and country to follow a smooth-faced country girl across the ocean. Her own conceit led her into thaf notion when she saw me on board, and, of course, I didn't put her off the scent. Well, I believe I have a fancy for the girl, but nothing like what she and others seem to suppose. But then that abominable hunch back, to think of him starting up as if the Old Boy sent him on purpose to torment me, just when I thought I was rid of him anyhow. He haunts me like a ghost, go where I will, I cannot shake him off. Is ^ fate, or what? But why does he fol low me in this way ; what gain would my exposure be to him 1 No matter how it is, I must only put a bold face on the matter, and keep him off the track the best way I can— ha, ha, let him follow his cursed nose, and that will do for the present ; raise your head now, Henry Herbert* Hke a man, and drive dail cwp &w;^» etftfdW S ttea fiiiPttp , By the time Herbert had reached this conclusion the weather had undergone a re markable change. Dark masses of clouds were gathering around the setting &uri;, and the billows were heaving with sudden and strong commotion. All at once the seamen were observed moving hither and thither with increased activity, and the deep voices of the officers were heard fore and aft giving orders : ' Reef the topsail there I' ' Haul in the lanyards !' The passengers on deck were all more or less alarmed by the sudden change of the weather and the corresponding movements amongst the crew. Captain Walters came himself, too, and spoke in nautical phrase to the man at the wheel, a sturdy mariner of mature years. ' Tack about,' said he, ' and keep to windward — look out ior the Irish coast.' 'Ay, ay, sir!' The seaman's heavy features were stirred by no emotion, but hard and fast he turnod at the wheel, as be neath his guiding hand the vessel slowly turned her head, and she reeled like a drunken man as the rising breeze shook her shrouds and bent her taper spars. The helmsman looked up at the darkening sty whence the sun had long since vanished, and he smiled grimly at the captain who was watching his face. ' No sleep to-night, Bill V said the cap tain in a low voice. ' Mayhap more than we bargain for,' was the curt and gloomy reply. Thecaptiin nodded and turned away quickly. He was instantly beset by an anxious crowd of the passengers, chiefly of the. gentler sex. ' Good heavens, Captain Walters, is there any danger V ' Dear me, captain, are we going to have a storm 1' 11 Only a squall, madam, only a squall.'* ' But is there any danger ?' ' I hope not — be so good as to let me pass, ladies.' ' But what are we to do ?' u Keep quiet, that is all.' Captain Walters was a good-natured man and a gentleman, moreover, but to be thus hemmed in at such a moment and besieged with what be considered idle questions was more than flesh and blood could, bear. So he began to elbow one out of his way here and another there, and at last succeeded in making his retreat to the companion-ladder, muttering between his teeth : ' Those good old monks were about right after all. Plague on them for women.' When the captain had done all that he could to provide for the safety of the vessel, the storm beginning to rage with great violence, he stole for a moment from his arduous duties to see how his wife was af fected by the threatening aspect of affairs. He found her pale, calm and collected, sit ting, or trying to sit, by a table in their little cabin, whilst Bessy tJonway knelt in a corner saying her beads aloud, and with great fervour. ' Well, Addie, my dear,' said the captain with a forced smile, as he took his wife's hand and pressed it between his own, ' this is rather a stiff breeze we've got — all of a sudden too. I hope you're not frightened.' ' Well no, not exactly frightened, William, but — but— a storm is always awful.' ' Yes, yes, but my little wife has seen the Garrick weather worse storms than this is — yet. If we can only keep clear of that dreary Irish coast till the gale has spent its fury, I have bo fear3 for the rest. The Garriek is strong enough for any breeze, if she have but sea-room. Keep up your heart, my precious one, for as yet there is no imme diate danger.' ' I will, dear, I will,' said the wife in a low tone, ' but oh ! William, if. I could only pray— if I could — but I cannot — ' 'Why, I think you have no need to trouble yourself, Addie,' said the captain with a poor attempt at laughing ; ' if pray ing will do, this girl of yours appears to be praying enough for both. Good-bye, sweet heart, I will come again as soon as I can.' ' For God's sake, do, William — I ain not afraid, but oh, it is a fearful storm.' ' Can't you go and join the other ladies for company?' '?' Oh no, no. I am better alone — their company would but make me worse — but go, William, go ; let me not detain you a moment. Oh God, what a tempest !' she cried, as the door slammed after her hus band and the ship plunged down into the ocean depths. ' Say your prayers, ma'am, dear,' said Be-s.y, whose pale cheek and quivering lip testified her emotion though she tried to ap pear composed ; ' say your prayers, God will hear them.' Mrs. Walters involuntarily sank on her knees and buried her face in her hands. The ladies' cabin was by this time a scene of wild confusion. Some were crying and wringing their hands, some fainting away with terror, others endeavouring to console aud encourage, others, like Bessy Conway, kneeling in fervent supplication to the throne of mercy. Husbands and fathers and brothers were there* some of tht m irying to k-ep up the failing aph'Hn of the £ rlma's feUi.vce, ©filler* mwi&ify..; (i&fldatfftg; on ihs The sea was raging mountains high, ami the hatches were nailed down by the cati tain's orders, to protect all below from the ravages of the angry waters which ever aud anon came Sweeping. oter the deck with ?e^ sistless fury. Amid the wild rpa'r of tHS hurricane and the sound of rushing billdwrS came dolefully from below the cries of the steerage and second cabin passengers, terri fied by the convulsive notions of the labour ing vessel, whose stout ribs cracked and quivered in the firece blast. It was a dismal chorus, raging winds, stdrrii-tossed waveSj and the voice of human anguish. And the scene which met the ejte was no less dreary, whether one looked up to the pitchy sky or down to the boiling ocean, or forward to the flickering lights which marked the rocky coast of Ireland. It would seem at first that the promenade deck, so lately crowded with well -dressed men and women, was now left to the wild solitude of the waters* and the motionless form of Bill, who was still at his poStj 'lashed to the helm.' Not so, there was another spectral-looking figare leaning against the capstan with folded arms, aa though unconscious or at least regardless of the elemental war around him and the imminent danger to which he thus exposed himself. Was it the demon of the storm contem plating his own work and exulting in its ravages ? No such thing, it was Henry Herbert, who, sick of the scene in the cabin, had managed to make his way back thither, where he could at least see the extent of the danger. Seeing him there, the helmsman could at first hardly believe hu eyes, and when once convinced of the reality of the vision, he supposed him one of those super* natural beings who figure so ? oft in the sea man's tales of wonder, and with great sdittf froid settled it in his own mind that it was Davy Jones himself come to look after the Garrick. In truth he was a wild unearthly figure, as he stood there in the black starless night, his uncovered head exposed to the fury of the elements, and his rich brown hair drip ping with the briny spray. His face was pale as a sheeted corpse, and his eyes were wild and haggard, as the fast-flashing light ning shone on his unsheltered form. His thoughts were of death— death and judg ment, but not of repentance. Fear and despair were in his soul, for he thought that the hour of vengeance was at hand and the arm of God raised to smite him. He had heard of eternal perdition, and te Had laughed many a time at that 'cock-and- bull-story' — now he felt its dread reality and began to feel what it was to fall into the hands of an angry God. Hark, was that an echo from within or without; was that voice from heaven, or earth or hell 1 Again it spoke and Herbert's heart sank within him, and the blood in his veins ran cold as ice, and the hair on his head bristled up as if instinct with horror. 'Henry Herbert,' said the voice at his elbow, ' does this night put you in mind of anything 1 ha, ha, ha,' the laugh sounded dreary and sepulchral to Henry's ear, and he trembled from head to foot. ' Ho, ho, ho !' sajd the voice again, lowly and slowly, but fearfully distinct, ' that was a brave stirring night in the place you know, when the winds, and the thunder, and the lightning were at work, and the sperits were peepin' in at the window where they daren't put their noses--eh, Henry, wasn't it great fun entirely V ' ' Ha ! it is you, then, misbegotten fiend, I know you now,' and turning with the fury of a maniac, Herbert clutched the thick bushy hair of the hunchback and held him fast. ' Ho, ho, ho ! do you mean to kill me *' ' I'll throw you overboard, I will by the ? ' ' Don't for your life swear an oath,' said the little man stoutly, ' you've brought this on us all — don't make matters worse by your curses. I know you're not hardened enough for murder, an' I don't want to ex pose you — ' ' You dont ?' said Herbert scoffingly. ' No, I don't— -if I did it isn't there you'd be but out in the say, for if I only gave the sailors a hint of the thing you know, all the captains livin' wouldn't save you, for they'd think it was you brought the storm on us, an/ God knows, but may be it is, you raised it that other night as sure as death is death — ' ' What brought you here 1' shrieked Herbert, but he let go his grasp. ?* What brought yourself here V1 screamed the hunchback, elevating his shrill voice to the highest, and he chuckled at the thought of how nicely he had tricked the sailors when they drove all the rest down below and nailed the hatches on them, the creatures. 'There they go,' said the man at the wheel, 'Lord ha' mercy, two of our poor fellows washed overboard. Down, down for your lives.' Herbert flung himself down and wound iis arms around the capstan ; we1! for him he did. for the next moment-, a heavy sea washed the deck and surged over his pros trate head, as it retired ai.d lefl him in the same position, At the £&&£. ftibkeiit g earful -oriwii iwte ftafdi Wm m&h; thti fetlffiimtti t#§bs s ? iir There, the mainmast's gone.' «' I hope to the Lord he's gone, too,' said Herbert to himself as he scrambled to his feet. Little affected by the Wonderful ifescflpe he had had, or eVen by the fatal event 'friiich had just taken place, lessening so 'fearfully their chance of ultimate safety, he thought only of the possibility that the waves nad rid him once for all of the troublesome 'little hunchback. Another flash of light ning convinced him of his error, for within )& few feet of him, kneelihg dose to the bulwark, was the crouching form of Paul $5rantiigan- his hands clasped in prayer.fand 'Ms eyes raised through the awful depths of * darkness overhead to the throne of the God ''of mercy. ' ^ The curse that rose to Herbert's lips was :cn6ked in his mouth by another fearful 'billow rolling over him, and stunned by the ['. byerwhelming force of the waters he lost all :,ltts consciousness. The last sound that jjreaehed his ear as he sank on the deck was ^ the half- smothered voice of the helmsman answering a call from one of the officers. ', ' Great God of heaven, we are drifting on the .ijropks,' Was Herbert's last thought. He ..heard or saw no more. ?, ; During all this time Bessy Conway was kneeling beside her mistress, now powerless (.with terror, now praying all the Court of 'Heaven to be propitious. At times she grew ..quite eloquent in. urging hex petition, ad \r dressing in particular the Blessed Mother of r., Christians. \ . '?*.' Oh, dear Mother Mary,' she said with 1 fervour, ' you know you are called the Star ' of the Sea — all is dark with us now* and we ', have no other star to give tls light — you're ;, the Help of Christians, too, oh Blessed ^Mother. Help Us now, then, in our sore, ' eore need~don't let us perish here on this 'dreadful ocean, where we'd never get Chris . . tian burial — I know, I know there's many a . poor creature in this ship on their knees to i . you at this time : hear our prayers, then, and don't desert your own poor children in the hour of need.' Mrs. Walters listened half amused, half i. ©dified, and when Bessy was again silent she ; Baid to her with a dreary smile : ,..'.'' I only wish your ' dear mother,' as you ' call her, could hear your prayer and do ' something for us.' '..'.-. u She can do it, Mrs. Walters, dear, she . eaiij and she will.' ? . .'' The lady shook her head with a sad smile, ;?,,. fend groaned in anguish as the shrieks and . cries came louder from the adjoining cabin. Just then the fall of the mainmast made the : , ship's timbers quiver. ' .tJOh, Bessy, Bessy,' said the horror ; stricken mistress, there's our mainmast gone, there's is little chance now, oh, my husband, say dear husband, why— why does he not . come to me ?' And the lady wrung her . white hands in anguish. ..The huge vessel gave a roll and a plunge and appeared to settle on one side. ? 'Oh God, oh God, she's going down,' Mrs. Walters cried in mortal terror. . ™No, she isn't, ma'am dear, she'll not go down,' still answered Bessy. Back with another plunge went the ship to her former ,. position, and at the same moment Captain Walters rushed into the room, his face radiant with joy, : ;' Joy, Addie, joy,' he cried catching his ^wife. in his arms, 'the wind has suddenly .. tacked, about and is bearing us off the land, -the weather w -&!iner, too, than it was.' (To be continued.) 