NE W ZEALAND STONE. Some remarks appeared in a recent issue of the Age relative to the Oamaru stone which has been used in some of the pub lic buildings in Melbourne. A few days before they were published a Melbourne gentleman had received from Mr Kiddle, agent of the Oamaru property, the follow frank statement as to the qualities of the stone:-' " ''The store has naturally a good deal of sap in it, and 'when built, if the sun shines on it turns white and whiter as it dries, till it is smoked; but if, say in a lane or right-of-way, or some shaded spot where the sun never shines on it, then it turns green. But there are two methods of curing. The first and simplest is to paint its with common white paint. The other is much used here by private parties who have houses (not very large) built, and to make the stone thoroughly im pervious to damp or moisture, it is washed with lime and tallow (of any sort), dis solved in hot water and washed in with a brush while hot, putting a skin on which prevents the stone absorbing any moisture or turning green. As to the salt theory, I call that all bosh. Oamaru stone is a limestone, and has a tendency to absorb moisture if in damp places, but when it gets the sun no such effect is visible. The quarry is on the brow of a very high hill; not the ghost of a spring, hot, cold, sweet, or salt of any sort, within goodness knows where.'.' We (Age) have been shown some beautiful specimens of stone from 'White Rock Quarry, in the Rangiora district, Canterbury, New Zealand, where there is an inexhaustible quantity. The weight averages 18 cubic feet to the ton. The stone is said to be superior to the Oamaru stone, and is being used in Canterbury, N.Z., very largely for all kinds of public buildings, stores and churches, among which is the Canterbury Cathedral, which, when completed, will be the largest and handsomest building of the kind in New Zealand. There are' also many other buildings in course of erection. Mr David Gray, of -Canterbury, who brought the samples of. stone,' has been requested to place the specimens in the Exhibition. 