REVIEW. THE POET LAUREATE AS A DBA. MATIST." ' It seems to have been the ambition of Mr. Tennyson to continue the series of historical dramas which Shakspeare brought down to the reign of Henry VIII., and concluded with the well-known benediction of the Princess Elizabeth by Archbishop Cranmer. Before venturing upon this arduous undertaking, it is evident that the laureate made a careful study of the Elizabethan dramatists so as to saturate his mind with the poetical spirit of the period, to familiarise himself with their diction, and to qualify himself to survey the events of the Marian reign from a similar out- look to their own. And the result is a drama caotinthemouldof Shakspeare, Marlowe, Mas singer, and Chapman. The theme selected is a painful 'one-painful almost to repulsive EgSS. You may feel an interest in the incidents of this evil woman's reign, but she is incap- able of engaging your sympathies. She belongs to a type of female character which has been common enough in France, Spain, and Italy, but of which, fortunately, there have been few conspicuous illustrations in England. Posterity has generally concurred in John Foxe's estimate of her, that "to a disagreeable person and weak mind she united bigotry, superstition, and cruelty, and nothing will ever succeed in cleansing her memory from the blood-stains inflicted upon it by her authorising the burning alive of 28 of her subjects, on account of their religious beliefs. That her marriage with Philip of Spain was one of affection there can be no reasonable doubt, and he required her gift of herself and her crown to him, by indifference if not aversion. By our countrymen he was cordially de- tested, and with good cause. Apart from the fact that he was a foreigner and a Roman Catholic, which were serious blemishes in the eyes of Englishmen in those days, he was as unscrupulous a villain as ever drew down the execrations of a theatrical audience at the performance of a blood-and-thunder melodrama. After the death of Mary, he solicited the hand of Queen Elizabeth. In fact, as the elder Disraeli has observed, " the cost appears to have had in his eyes peculiar charms, for he offered himself three times to three different sisters-in-law. He seems also to have known the secret of getting quit of his wives when they became inconvenient. In state matters he spared no one whom he feared. To them he sacrificed his only son, his brother, and a great number of princes and Ministers." After his death a Spanish grandee scrawled on the chimneypiece of his chamber the following biographical epitaph : " In youth he was luxurious ; In manhood he was cruel ; in old ago he was avaricious ; What could be hoped from him 7" These two-female fanatic and profligate prince-are the central personages of the poet laureate's drama. Of both he takes the popular and Protestant-we might almost add the Shakspearian-view. We are not quite sure, indeed, that the composition of the work has not been guided by reasons and convictions analogous to those which have animated Mr. Gladstone in his trenchant assaults on Vaticanism. Certain it is that the character of Cranmer is made to stand out in bright and beautiful relief, while Renard, Gardiner, and Bonner are presented to the reader in all their native ugliness and deformity. Whenever Papal aggression is the theme of his nervous verse, Mr. Tennyson writes with a fervour akin to that which grows in the well-known declaration and defiance of King John. Here is a passage from the third act of "Queen Mary," in which Sir Ralph Bagenhall protests with vehement indignation against the restoration of the realm to the bosom and unity of Universal Church : ?' We strove against the Papacy from the first, In William's time, in our first Edward's time, And in my master Henry's time ; but now The unity of Universal Church, Mary would have it and this Gardiner follows The unity of Universal Hell, Philip would have It and this Gardiner follows ! A Parliament of imitative apes ! Sheep at the gap which Gardiner takes, who not Believes the Pope, nor any of them believe Those spanlol-Spinlard English of the time, Who run their fawning noses in the dust, For that is Philip's gold dust, and adore This Vicar of their vicar. Would I had been Born Spaniard I I had held my head up then. I am ashamed that I am Bagenhall, English." The whole tone of the drama is distinctly polemical, and whenever it is put upon the stage it is to be, at the Lyceum-its and Papal spirit can scarcely fail to arouse that Protestant feeling which is so strong in the minds of the middle and working classes of English society. The period embraced by the action of the drama is that covered by the short reign of Mary-between October, 1553, and November, 1858 and the succession of incidents is so rapid, and the opportunities for spectacular display in the mounting of the piece are so numerous, while the dialogues are so brisk and brief, that we are disposed to augur for it a pronounced success as an acting play. True to his Elizabethan models, Mr. Tenny- son has not been unmindful of the comic element and in the colloquy between Tib and Joan, in the fourth act, the reader will recognise the same rough rustic humour which was exhibited in the "Northern Farmer ;" but with a characteristic difference of dialect. Joan's description of the death of Gardiner was probably suggested by Dame Quickly narrative of that of Sir John Fal- staff "Tell 'ere now, I heard summat as Bummun towld summun o' owld Bishop Gardiner's end ; there war an owld lord seem to dine with' us, and a war so owld a couldn't side for his dinner, but a had to bide how Bomiver, vor 'I want dine,' says my lord bishop, says he not till I hears ez Latimer and Ridley be aware ;' and so they landed on and on till your of' the clock, till his man came in post vro' here, and tells us ex the vine has task holt. ' Now,' says the bishop, says te, we'll go to dinner;' and the old lord fell to 's meat wi' a will, God bless us ; but Gardiner was struck down like by the band of' God wore a could taste a mussel, and a Bet him all assize, so 'by. the tongue on un cum a looping out o' is mouth as black as a rat. Thank the Lord, therefore." It is interesting to trace throughout the drama the evidences of its author's careful study of and close adherence to both the method and the expression of Shakspeare. JTliuB in the line " Cast-off, betrayed, defamed, divorced, forlorn !" we have an echo of the exclamation of King John when he was in articulo mortis " Polflon'd,-111 farmstead, forsook, cast-off." In Gardiner's soliloquy " I have lost mine office. It may be through mine honesty, like a fool," there is a near relationship to Inge's re- joinder to Othello : 111 should be wise, for honesty a fool, And loses that it works for Cardinal Pole's description of the procession by water to Whitehall reads like a reminiscence of the gorgeous passage in "Anthony and Cleopatra," where Enobarbus relates the meeting of the royal lovers on the Cydnus; and the following words of the Princess Elizabeth " I would I were a milkmaid, To sing, love, marry, churn, brow, bake, and die, Then have my simple headstone by the church, And all things lived and ended honestly," owe their suggestion, it may be well believed, to the well-known words of Henry the Sixth : " O God ! methinks it were a happy life To be no better than a homely swain ; To sit upon a hill as I do now, To carve out deals quaintly point by point. So minutes, hours, days, months, and years, Passed over to the one they were created, Would bring white hairs unto a quiet grave." So, too, in the expression of Elizabeth's distracted thoughts, we have a Tennysonian variation upon a Shakspearian theme. The elder dramatist writes <? J think my wife he honest, and think she is not I think that thou art just, and think that thou art not" The laureate writes in " Queen Mary" " Think I I have many thoughts ; I think there may be bird lime hero forme; . ' I think they fain would have me from the realm ; I think the Queen may never hear a child ; I think that I may be some time the Queen." a (Queen Mary: a Drama. By Alfred Tennyson. London : H. S King and Co. 1896. WedcVnot cite these as plagiarisms, or even as imitations. They are father suchunde signed and unavoidable coincidences as we may find, for example, between the manner of Giulio Romano and that of his master Raffaelle; and between Thomson's "Castle of Indolence" and Spencer's " Faery.Qneene." In point of construction, and for stage purposes, "Queen Mary" is superior to the dramas of Byron and Browning. Mr. Tenny. son seems to have imposed a severe restraint upon the temptation which he must have felt to subordinate dramatic interest to poetic beauty. He has repressed the natural luxuriance of his fancy, and has been very sparing of tropes and metaphors and imagery generally. It is only at rare intervals we alight upon passages like the following : " Pretty maiden, you should know that whether A wind be warm, or cold, It served to fan A kindled Ore." " This land is like a filly of Bro, One crater opens when another shuts." Third Member.-" They say that bees, If any creeping life invade their hive Too games to be thrust out, will build him round, And bind him in from harming of their combs. And Philip by these articles is bound From stirring hand or foot to wrong the realm." Second Member. - By bonds of beeswax, like your creeping thing ; But your wise bees had stung him first to death." Cardinal Pole.-" I have seen A piano in Italy that cast its shadow Athwart the cataract. Firm stood the pine - The cataract shook the shadow. To my mind, The cataract typed the headlong plunge and fair Of heresy to the pit-the pine was Rome." Like his master, Shakspeare, Mr. Tennyson developes the character of the personages he brings upon the scene by the dialogue. Each offers himself in words and a reader ignorant of English history would obtain from this drama as accurate in idea of Philip and Mary, of Cranmer and Gardiner, of Renard and Noailles, as he could do, perhaps, by a laborious study of Froude. Even that " butterfly the Earl of Devon flutters across the scene, in his habits he lived." There is no wire-walking, nor turgid talking either. The influence of Shakspeare's example is visible in the monosyllabic structure of the verse. Its strength lies in its simplicity. There are many passages like the following, in which less than ten per cent, of the words employed consist of dissyllables : " You've a bold heart ; keep it so. He cannot touch you save that you turn traitor ; And BO take heed I pray you. You are one Who love the men should smile upon you, niece. They'd Binilo you into treason some of them." Where a portrait is painted it is hit off in a few masterly touches ; as, for example, in the Princess Elizabeth's allusion to the Bishop of Winchester : " Thifl fierce old Cardinor-his big baldness, That irritable forelock which he rubs, Bia buzzard beak, and doop-tneavorn'd eyes Dall fright me." As a companion picture, take that of the Earl of Devon, drawn by the hand of Noailles : " This uno blue-blooded Courtenay seems Too princely for a pawn. Call him a knight, That with an ass's, not a horse's head, Skips every way from levity, or from fear." Another of Edward VI.-" the wan boy-king" on his death-bed, is presented to us by Cranmer; while the portrait of the poet Wyatt by his son is more modern in its style 11 Courtier of many courts, he loved the more HlB own grey towers, plain life, and letters peace,! To read and rhyme in solitary fields, The lark above, the nightingale below, And answer them in song." The character of Queen Mary is that upon which the dramatist has bestowed the greatest pains. Its evil strength and morbid weakness, its stem fanaticism and cool vindictiveness, its craft and cruelty, are vividly displayed. Her infatuated passion for the miserable Digot who neglected and despised her is brought out in prominent relief; and you cannot help feeling what vast powers for mischief were fortunately suppressed by her comparatively early death. When she is first brought upon the scene, her purpose of marrying Philip is declared in words of wilfulness, befitting the daughter of Henry Tudor and of Catherine of Arragon : " I will have him ! My hard father hated me : My brother rather hated me than loved ; My sister cowers and hates me. Holy Virgin, Plead with thy blessed son grant me my prayer ; Give me my Philip and we two will lead The living waters of the Faith again Bock through their widow *d channel here, and watch The parched banks rolling In conse, as of old. To heaven, and kindled with the palms of Christ !" In the third act, there is a fine burst of passionate declamation from the Queen, when her husband has consented to co-operate with the Cardinal Legate and the rest in ousting Cranmer and " the heretic Swine" from Lambeth Palace and when she believes that she will give an heir to the throne : " no both awaked he hath awaked I He stirs within the darkness I Oh, Philip, huBbjnd I now thy love to mine Will cling more close, and those bleak manners thaw That make me shamed and tongue-tied in my love. The light of this new learning wages and dies, The ghosts of Luther and Zuiugllus fade into the deathless hell which Is their doom, Before my star I His sceptre shall go forth from Ind to And I BiB Bvvord shall how the heretic people down ! His faith shall clothe the world that will be life Like universal air and sunshine ! Open, Yo everlasting gates I The King is here 1 My star ! my son !" And in the last act, when the soured and disappointed woman, dreading the footfall of assassins in the closets and corridors of her palace, conscious of the popular hatred, acutely feeling her desertion by her husband, and struck to the heart by the news of the loss of Calais, turns like a hunted tigress in ambush, the old fury spirit of the Tudors leaps up within her, and she exclaims : " It is not lost Not yet Send out ; let England as of old Rise lion-like, Strike hard and deep Into The prey they are reading from hearsay, and rend Tho renders, too. Send out, send out and make Musters in all the counties ; gather all From sixteen years to Sixty collect the fleet; Let every craft that carries salt and gun Stcor toward Calais. .... Send out ; I am too weak to stir abroad. Tell my mind to the Council-to the Parliament : Proclaim it to the winds. Thou art cold thyself. To babble of their coldness. 0, would I wore My father for an hour I" The fifth act is undoubtedly the best in the drama. Its action is full of vitality. The incidents have a rapid movement, and the language of the characters is all aglow. Mary's career does not close in penitence and peace. She is fanatical to the last. Like her father-in-law, the only compunctious visitings she feels are those which arise from the fear that the butcheries she has perpetrated have been too few and hence, upon her deathbed, before her mind begins to wonder, her ejaculations are " O God I I have been too Black, too Black ; There are hot goBpollors even among our guards Nobles who dared not touch. We have but burnt The heretic priests, workmen, and women and children. Wet, Tamino, ague, fever, storm, wreck, wrath, We have so played the coward ; but by God's grace We'll follow Philip's leading, and set up The Holy Office hero garner the wheat, and burn the sores with unquenchable Uro !" If there was any milk of human kindness in her nature it had turned to gall- any touch of womanly tenderness, it had been trans- formed to utter ferocity. Accepting the popular tradition respecting her dying words, Mr. Tennyson causes her to say : " Women, when I am dead, Open my heart, and there you will and written Two names Philip and Calais. Upon his, So that he hove one, You will find Philip only, policy, policy Ay, worse than that-not one hour true to me ! Foul maggots crawling in a featured vice ! Adulterous to the very heart of hell. Hast thou a knife 7" Her late women hesitate to give her one, conjecturing that she will kill herself, but she quiets their fears. She only wants the weapon for the purpose of cutting from its frame a picture of her husband which hangs above her bed. I This Philip (she says) shall not Stare in upon me all my raggedness ; Old, miserable, diseased, Incapabloof onlldron-como them down." And so she cuts the canvas out and casts it to the ground. This is the last act of her life, and OB narrated in the drama, it suggests the motif of a picture worthy to companion that which a great French painter has given us of the death of Queen Elizabeth. As a dramatic poem, " Queen Mary" is disappointing on the first perusal But when going through it for the second time, you become more alive to its ingenious construe i tion OF a work of art, to the studious simplicity of the plan wrought out, to the strength and sobriety of its pure Saxon ' English, and to the thoroughly Elizabethan cast of thought and sentiment by which was ' j characterised. as an acting drama, we should think the use of the pruning knife ' 1 will scarcely be required. The longest speech is only 80 lines, or about equivalent to the length of the Ghost's recital in "Hamlet," and all is movement and variety from beginning to end ; while in the hands of an actress like Madame Ristori the part of Mary Tudor could be rendered exceedingly impressive. 