Advent Conferences. . ? : — «- ? The last of the 'four sermons concluding the Advent Conferences, was delivered by his Grace, Archbishop Vaughan, on Sunday evening. The attendance was immense, and ♦he crush to gain admittance to the church 3 was ev.en greater than on any of the preced I ing Sundays. We could see from our place within the sanctuary the light falling through the several doors on long files of i ? L~l A ,% I'm/a oai*VYinn mnof r»*iTTrv ^olrAvi hfi'luS UUtoJ-U-u# -i- iJ-o ooiiuva uiiwu muyu 1/c^n.ciJ about an hour and three-quarters to deliver. The Archbishop took as his text the words of St. Paul to the Thessalonians : ' Stand fast and hold the traditions which you have been tmghfc whether by Word or our Epistles' (ulwi). «? 15)- Having briefly reviewed fie work which he had done during the three previous Sunday evenings, his Grace wenb ou to say that from what had so far appeared ib was evident that there were two views taken of the Church of God and of its history. All ad mitted that a promise had been made1, by Christ to abide with His Church for ever, the gates of hell were not fco prevail against it, and the spirit of truth also was to remain with ib for ever, and teach it all truth, to the end of the world, and briii' to its rulers' minds all those things what soever our Lord had revealed to them. On this there was no dispute. But, of the fortunes of the same Church, there were two views as different oio from the other as well could be imagined. The one says Christ started His Church, and that is got ou admirably for a few hundred years (how many i3 disputed), but that in the fifth, or sixth, or seventh, or eight century it fell wholly away, and so completely, that every man, woman, and child, the whole of Christen dom, is one word, was buried in damnable idolatry for more than 800 years — Christ and the Holy Spirit, both of whom hud promised to be with it for ever, being buried, it musb be I supposed, under its ruins. Then, suddenly, Christ roused Himself up ; ami after letting the Church soak in idolatry for 800 years or more, and having thus broken His most solemn pledge to His creatures, He made a second effort to set it up. In England He chose three or four mur derers, as Lord Macaulay tells us, as founders, and gave them a vital rule of action, which is nowhere to be found in the Bible, and which is essentially a principle of repulsion and anarchy. He constituted a lawman, or a woman, or a child, or a^vorldling without religion, as the case might be, supreme head of this new effort, Tbis attempt had been no sooner made than, like a top that won't spin, this church began to reel, and whirl eccentrically about, and then split up into innumerable chips and fragments, so as to become a source of mirth and ridicule in the eyes of practical men of the world, and a kind of emporium of every conceivable contradiction and absurdity, from the denial of Baptismal re- generation to that of the inspiration of the Word of God. The other view says that our lord was as good as His Word ; that He absolutely did remain effectually in His Church, and that He has, with His Holy Spirit, abided with it from the first, and has preserved it in the teaching of unadulterated truth down to the age in which we live. It points to the succession of pontifls from Peter to Pius, to a long array of General Councils, and to the history of its moral and dogma, as a witness to the fidelity with which Christ and the Spirit of Truth have been faith ful to their solemn pledge. In the first view, supposing the Protestant Episcopal Church theory right, tho omnipotent God of love and truth has proved Himself either unable or un willing to abide by His pledged promises; in the second, which is our view, we possess a standing witness at this hour of a Church of two hundred millions of people, with its history running back to tho days of our Saviour Himself, as an evidence that tho arm of the Lord is not shortened, and that He has been true to His Blessed Word. But here our accuser, of whom we spoke last Sunday, volunteers to the world, as a dogmatic fact, that ' the Church of Rome has abandoned the straight rule of the Word of God, and he has observed it.' His rule and vital principle is the Bible, and the Bible exclusively, interpreted by private judgment. And of its workings we have already had experience enough. It has not a tag of Scripture to support it, and it is no sooner put in action than, like mercury, it unloosens all the joints, and acts as a solvent of everything that looks like unity or cohesion. Our vital rule is the reverse of this. It is Christian, Apostolical, Scriptural, and is a principle of unity, catholic in its application. The Catholic Church is not simply for the scholar who can read, but for the vast mass of mankind who can hear and listen very well, but cannot read, or, if they can, are incapable of thoroughly understanding what they do read. Hence, her vital principle is in keeping with this notorious fact. It is not the Bible, and the Bible exclusively, with each man putting his own meaning on it, but something much more practical than that. Tho unwritten and written Word of God, interpreted and taught by the Ecclesia Docens, or the pastors of the Church ; this is the vital principle of the Church of Christ, Last Sunday cause was given why Catholics cannot in conscience join the English Protestant Episcopal Communion. Now reason; shall be given why we remain where we are; and these reasons are : because the vital rule of Catholicity is Christian, Apostolical, and Scriptural, being a principal of unity of universal application ; because the Catholic Church alone possesses that unity and catholicity which is absolutely necessary for any church which undertakes to carry out tho vast mission confided to it by our Saviour ; and, finally, because the Catholic Church has, by her worlm as they stand out in history, alone proved herself equal to the task of regenerating lni-ge masses of humanity. But to return to the Rule of Faith. Our accuser tells us that it is quite legitimate for men to differ in their interpre tation of the Scriptures. And he makes use of a test or comparison which certainly possesses one merit, that of showing up the ridiculous absurdity of his own rule. He tells us that ' very learned and impartial judges may be quite unable to agree in their decision. But all, advocates and judges, are of one mind in this regard, that,' whenever the law is ascertained it is supreme, and must be obeyed, and to this extent all Pro testants are agreed — with them, the authority of Scripture is final and decisive.' And with Catholics, too, it is also ' final and decisive.' The real difficulty is quietly dropped or evaded by our accuser. ' Whenever the law ia ascer tained,' But hoio ia the law to bo ascertained, what io the Scriptural rule for thab? Does Christ say 'Lat everyone, even the ignorant booby who can only juot read, put what mean ing to it that he likes'? Or does He say to His Apostles : 'Go and fcaoh' ; and 'he that heareth you heareth roe, he thab de spiseth you despissth me' ? According to our accuser's principle Tom, Dick, and Harry are to pub the meaning for themselves ; and the greatest dunce and most uncouth clodhopper can Cake hia st^nd boldly, and can maintain his own interpretation of any passage of Holy Writ against the decisions of such men as Dr. Pusey, or Dr. Newman, or John Brand Morris, who have worn away their HveB in rcverenb pouring over the Sacred Page. Take our accuser's own- example of an act of Par liament and the law. Joachim and O'Shannaasy both agreed that the Land Law had to be obeyed. Bub Joachim said ; ' That Jaw gives that land to me and my children, and I cannot, iu conscience, give Sib up.' .On the other hand, O'Sbannasay replied, 'It is mine, and for my ohildren, and I cannot, without injustice to myseif and mine, give it to you.' ' By law,' said Joachim, ''it is mine.' ' By law,' retorted 0'iShnnuassy, ' it belongs to me.' Now, ac cording to our accuser's theory, how would the law be determined ? By the private judgment of each party. But that is the very point in question. It can't be helped, our accuser replies, 'for in the domain of conscience we call no man, loid or master j' and each must interpret the law for himself. How could such an absurdity as thab work ? Would not the very end of law, i.e., peace and order, be at once changed into anarchy, turmoil, and bloodshed ; each one taking the law into his own hands, it being unlawful for any authority to administer it ? In social life, and in the political world, and in directing the destinies of states, the law is not interpreted by the passions, or interests, or stupidities, or even sound judgment of the individual, but by tribunals set apart for that purpose. In the case of Joachim an appeal was made to the highest tribunal, and one of the parties, who could not, ia conscience, give up his title on his own private judgment., at once surrenders it when the decision has been given by, not an infallible, bub a fallible courS. With* out such over-ruling authorities as these to ap peal to, social life would be impossible, and revoluciou and war would soon put an end to the govornmei.'t of the world Introduce our accuser's prin.'-Mjo into any system where th8 workings of it tuny Y-j- pract^lly felt, aud the folly of it will become immediately apparent. Indeed, tho uUer chaws of thought, beluf, and sontitnenfc iu the Protestant Episcopal Church is proof enough without any necessity for such experiments. The Catholic principle is a prin ciple, on the other hand, of common sense, a principle any man of the world could under stand, and could admire the workings of. For example, some few years ago a few Catholics and one or two bishops denied the infallibility of the Pope. What wa3 done ? W&s; ib given out that any man might construe Scripture on this point as he liked ? Certainly not : a General Council was called. The matter was fully discussed; and the Pope and fathers defi nitively decided that the Supremo Pontiff, speaking ex cathedra, wasdiviuely preserved fron error. Now, all Catholics, without exception, hold that' doctrine on the strength of the defini tion. They believe that utterance ot the Coun cil to have been infallibly ^iven, If the great lay world lands ib nea ssary, for the sake of peace and order, and justice too, to submit their consciences to an acknowledged fallible tribunal, what slavery is it for Catholics to submit in religious matters to a tribunal which they hold to be infallible ? If there bo Blavery on either side (and who will be so foolish as to say there is 1) it is not oa their side who bend to what they know might be, and at times i?, erroneous in its judgment? The f ^cb is, the world of life, and the world of religion, too, if they are to bo enduiable, must be governed by authority. The Pro testant theory abuudona authority only iu religion mind, and admits tho lieeuoe of each man's individual opinion ; on the other hand we maintain authority in Church as well as State, aud abide by it, as being Christian, Apostolic, and Scriptural- as being a principle of unity, universal iu its application. Let us look ou tho fundamental point. Our Lord, did He teach the multitude by multiplying Bibles for them as He dul bread 1 No. Did Uo teach them His Divine Doctrine ou the Mount, and then s*y to them all : ' Now you have heard what I Bay, understand it just as you like, and let each one according to bis benb sic in judg ment upon it' ? Assuredly not ; He taught aB one having authority, not as tho Scribes ; and men had to believe Him iu His S6nae, and nut in theirs. They took His word, for they looked on Him as Divine. They did not parcel it, and morsel it, and rejeob this, and choose that; but they received it wholly, without a word, as learners, and because ib came from Him. Whut He did He taught His Apostlea to do. Humanly speaking, taey would hove failed ; but He not only told them to do as H« did, but He provided them Divine assistance in tho'disoharee of their mission. ' I will ask tho Father, and He will give you another Paraclete, that Ho may abide with you for over, the Spirit of Truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth Him not, nor knoweth Him, but yo shall kuow Him, because He shall abide with you, and shall be with you. I will not leave you orphans, tho Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in my name, He will toach you all things, and bring all thio«s to your mind, whatsoever I whall have said to you.' Again : 'And Jesus came and spoke unto them, saying : All power is given unto Me in heaven aud on earth. Go ye there fore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to o-bserve all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and lo I am with you always even unto the end of the world.' Again: 'As my Father bss sent me, even so I send you ; and when He hau saici tbis he breathed on them, and saith unto (hem, ' ' Hec ive ye the Holy Ghost ^whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted nnto thorn, and whose soever sins ye retain thojf aro retained.' Now, oan it be imagined possible thab these Solemn promises, and those high gifts, were made and given for no purpose? It' Bibleread ing is the whole summary of salva tion, why should a soheme for the conversion of the world be set on foot which, in its principle and spirit, is just the reverse of readfng, and judging for oneself ? These men were told to teach distinct doctrine to all nations ; and great promises of protection from error were given tbem. The Spirit of Truth, and Chrisb Himself as well, were to be iu ttieir minds aud directing their tongues, so that they might teach the whole truth, and teach it with auhority. And they actually did this. They proved that they were sent by Christ for thi3 end ; ?nd they commanded men to submit with interior assent to tbeir teachings. Men could not pick and choose, and accept this, and reject that, and pub their own gloBses on the spoken word ; they had to receive all,- or reject all : for all came with the same authority, and under the aatne anathema. 'He that beiievoth nob shall be damned.' See how St. Peter acted, aa all the Ap09tles did, on this principle : ' Men of Israel, hear theso words, God iiath raised up this Jesus, whereof we are witnesses. Let si! the House of Israel know most cer-- tainly that God hath made this Jesus whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.' Again; 'We ought to obey God rather than man ; we are witnesses of thes^ things.' Again : ' Ho commanded us to preanh to the people, and to testify that it is He (Jesus) who hath been appointed by God to be the Judge of the Liviug and the Dead,' Then, St. Paul : ' We give thanks to God without ceasing, because when ye had received from us the word of hearing (nob the Bible), which is of God, ye received in, nob S3 the word of man, but (as it is indeed) the Word of God.' Again : ' He who despisebh these things, despiseth not man bub God.' Once more : ' He that hearebh you heareth me j and he that despiseth you despiBebh me, and he thab despiseth me, de spiseth Him that sent me' Thueitis patent thab the method adopted by Christ was enfoiced by His followers after He had gone. They spoke the Divine truth under protection of the Truth Himself, and then imperatively demanded the assent of those to whom they preached. ' Be* lieve,' nob criticize or jadge, ' and thou shaltbe saved.' ' Without faith it is impossible to please God.' ' By faith we walk ;' ' by faith we stand.' Again: 'He that believeth not shall be damned.' ' If he will nob hear the Church (nob the churches) let him be unto thee as a heathen man and a publican.' Now, not only did tho Apostles teach, and the people listen, learn, and submit themselves ; but they taught one body of the Doctrine, and not con tradictory ones ; for the God of Truth cannot pub contradictions into the mouths of those who speak in His Name. Jusb as they formed one organization, with Peter as Head aud Huler, so they taught, under Divine guidance, one body of truth, which all received ; aud whioh all were taughb to understand in the sime way. One of the great anxieties, if we may so speak, of our Lord tvas that Hia Church should bo one, and only one, just as He and His Father were one. ' We are alt baptized by one spirit into one body,' Buth Jew and Gentile ' are fellow heirs, and;, of the Kama body,' 'framed to geiher and grown into a holy Temple,' 'a habitatiou of God through the Spirit,' ' There ia neither Jew nor Greek, ye are aH one in Christ Jesus.' '? To the Peace of God we are called in one body. We hcing many are one bodij in Chrisb. The body is one and hath many members ; ye are the body of Cnrisb and mem bers in particular.' Then, our Lord offers tbis solemn and deep prayer to His Father, showiu£» how seb Hia Divine Mind was upon His Church being one : 'I have given unto them (the Apostles) the words (not Book) which tbou yavest me, 1 pray for thom, I pray not for the werld, but for them which thou hast given me ; for they are Thine. Holy Father keep through Thine own Name those whom thou haat given me, that they may be one, as we are. . . Neither pray 1 for those alone, but for thom also which shall believe in mo, through their word ; that they nil may bo one, as Thou, Father, arb in Ale, aud I in them ; thab they also may bo one in ua ; that the world may believe Thou has Bent Me ; and the giory that Thou gaveso Mel have given them, that they may be one, even as We are one, I iu them and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfect in one.' Once more: 'There is one Body and one Spirit, evtm as ye are oalled iu one hope of your calling; one Lord, one Baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.' Thus it iB very dear thab the College of the Apostles, which was to expand its«lf through out the world, was to remain ouo in organization and doctrine 'r the faot of its having to grow, aud epreau, aud embrace all nations rendered it all the more necessary that some Divine iuiiuenoe should ba at vvurk keeping it in its unity, aud protecting it from error, anu from ? ' tho Gates of Hell.' That the College of the Apostles did thus spread is an historical' fact. Thab their organization and doctrine have' been perpetuated age alter age, till our own day, is another fact writieu on the face of the world. Now, it stands to reason that ao vast a system as this, so complicated, eo wide-ppread, should have a head. No society can hold to gether three days without some one who is re sponsible. Every petty committee elects its chairman before it can proceed to business. And so ib is from the lowest and smallest gathering to the ruling of kingdoms and empires. '* It is the absolute need ot a. mouarchi''-l ivt in the Church,' says Dr. Newman, while a Protestant, 'which is our ground for «nt!«.;jp -mi g it Blackstono has expressed the principle in a sentence, quoted in an earlier pivjo, as it re lates to kingly power. A political body cannot exist without government, and the larger is thzt1 body the more concentrated must the govern-Smb be. If the whole of Chrlfusn dom is to*form one kingdom, one head ia essential; at leasfc .thia *? the experience of 1800 years. As tho ChurC:h 8rew int0 f»rm' so did the power of the Pope -W°P« 5 ^nd wher' ever (he Pope 1i%b been renouii^O; . eca7 aD division has been tho consequence. 'Ws» - of no other way of preserving the Sacramenlv^ UnilaUs, bat a centre of unity.' Dr. Voffi Dolliuger, whom Mr. Gladstone calls ' the mosfe famous and learned living theologian of tfe& Roman Communion,' speaka thus: ' AmicfaC all wreoks, one iusfcitution WiJI yremaiiS erect, will coDStanbly emerge from the biood of revolution— for ib ia indestructible, immortal-^-* it is tie Chair of St, Poter. If I ama-ked whence I draw i hia assurauce, I point to the Bible as my answer — 'Thou arb tho J&oek.1; Bat I will give another answer derived from the very nature of the thing itself. The Papal See* will nob tie destroyed, because it is reachable' by no human power ; becauso no one on earth; ia strong or powerful enoughto destroy it. If al£ the powers of Europe were to unite for its' destruction, they could not effect it. All that human power can do is to compel ib to make a pilgrimage; and, for a longer or shorter time, Co keep its seat away from Rome, That tha Papacy will ever be replaced by anything else, no one will seriously maintain. Io is the key atone thab holds the whole edifice of the Church together, that makes the Church what it is, and what it ought to be— a world -church, the only society thab has in earnest fulfilled the gives purpose of Gcd, that is to embrace all humanity; and nnd room fnr all nations. The faithfal throughout the world desire not to belong to a French or a Spanish, a Bavarian or an AUB» trianChurch ; theydesireto belong to one Church. The Church, the only Catholic Cnurch — in other words, all will be subject to the Pope, and will, in communion with him, feel and acknow» ledge themselves as members of ' the Catholic Church.'' Thua wo have on the broad face of History the existence of a series of eminent men who, from the day of Peter till our own, have ruled, with authority iu the vast and wide extended net-work of the Church. And when we turn to the Sacred Page for light, w© seem to hear the solemn words of the Chrisfr Himself saying fco Peter : ' Thou arb Peter and upon this rock I build my Church,' ' Feed my sheep; feed my lambs:' 'confirm thy brethren.' 'To thee I give the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven.' Pregnant words, which} reof.ive their ample commentary in the varied histories of the Sovereign Pontiffs, as well ai in the traditionary teachings of Fathers, and Em peroro, and Councils, from earliest ages down to now. The words of the Saviour seem to acquire their full meaning and significance when they are illustrated and explained by actual facts, as they stand on the broad surface of the world. The prophecy regarding Peter, for bo ib may be called, has had its fulfilment ; and the assurance which our Saviour made in Palestine, 1800 years ago and more, has been oarriei out to tho very letter. No hereBy has ever stained the Chair of Peter. Every Apostolic throne but this one has been denied by deadly error, Alexandria, Antioch, Jeiusalem, and Episcopal Constantinople have each failed iu turn ; at one time, denying the Divinity of Christ ; at another, the integrity of His human nature ; at another, the Procession of the Holy Ghost from the Eternal Son. But Peter, whose office it was ' to confirm his brethren,' and to whom the promises were made in person, ia spite of ail the powers of earth and hull, has fulfilled his mission, and has preserved the seamless garment of our Lord, the whole warp and woof, the uubroken faith of Jesus Christ. Bub here we are interrupted rudely by our accuser, for he has found it out to be his voca tion ' to tell us the truth.' Still, he 'will have nothing done or said calculated needlessly to provoke angry feelings ; hard arguments if you will, but kiudly worda nevertheless,' says he. Kiudly words ! Wheu you take advanbage of a public plutform aud the public street to declare fco the world by word, and through the press, thab our religion is based upon forgery and fraud ! Kiudly words indeed ! When you assure the world that we are teaching 'deadly error' to tho people, ' it must needs be,' he says blandly to the people, 'that Human Catho« lies will count us th-.ir enemies because wo tell them the truth.' Are we indeed so besotted, are our moral natures so utterly corrupt, as to hite the very sound of truth ? Or is this aimply a piece of insolence imported from Exeter Hall, and dealt out stale to us here in the colonies 'I The truth ! What right have you to be dealing out to us your truth V what title do you hold, which authorizes you to trample on, and slander the beliefs of by lar the larger portion of the Christian world? Yon, who boast of 'Liberty uf conscience and freedom of inquiry,' by what commisjion do you thrust; yourself iu our way, aud tyrannize over us, when we are following oar own will, and serving God as we think beBt ourselves P What right nave you to dictate to us what we should believe or teach, or how we should strve or nut strvethe Almighty ? Ah, yes : It is the old, old tale ! ? Loud professions of leaving men their liberty, and narrow in« tolerance in word and deed. 1Y1 en have 'full freedom of itquiry1' ; but they must not listen to Catholic arguments. So far hns this intol* lerance been carried, that he (tha Archbishop) could not so much as drick a enp of milk and water in tho little parsonapo of Jatnberoo. with out stirring up, like a nest of an(s, the illogical intolerance cf the religion of freedom of inquiry and liberty of conscience. ' The Bishop,' we are assured, has been ' be&ieged; and pestered b3' letteis and deputations,' de claiming against the unpardonable conduct of the c^rgyman of' Jaroberoo, because he gave a 'kindly welcom3 and a cup of milk and water to an Archbishop of the Catholic 'Church. In the city it is the same ; ihe Jewish Bazaar is denounced from one or ?^DQore pulpits, if the newspapers tell the truth, sand the children of liherty of conscience aud ^freedom of inquiry are forbidden to enter ita ?wriboly preoincts. Why, do the Jews reject, aa some of you, the Pentateuch 1 Why should Jews and Catholics alone be trampled on? whilst all the world has liberty and freedom, why are; we alone to be deprived of it, and to be .tabooed as aliens and ontoasts, if we do not con form to the Book of Common Prayer, and to those mimicries and mockeries of the Catholic ?Church, of which the Protestant Episcopal Establishment is redolent ? The principle and action of r-ur accuser are well summed up in ?the cobbler's words : — If any fellow, arauing, dares, (A fat one or a ukinny one) To doubt my word, I'll pun oh his head, I'm fox freedom of opinion. And^hat is this truth which must need make m so 4ingry ? It is this : our aoouser, full of kindly feeling, and scrupulous love of trnth, takes advantage of a public cccasion, not in his own church, which would not be quite so bad, but of a public plat {form, to declare to the world, as if it were as indisputable a fact as the Plague of London or the Battle of Waterloo, that the Catholic re ligion is '-Bet up and maintained by forgary and fraud.' Coming from one in so high and re sponsible a position, from one so long in tin's oolony, from one whose every word ought to be weighed, and who professes so intense a love of truth and ' kindly words,' it is but natural that many persons would believe mm. Are we reauy Bach criminals that all we can do is to skulk away aud look back upon our accuser like dumb dogs, and hate him for telling us the truth ? Let us state his charge in full. It is this : that the Eoman Supremacy was set up and main* tained by forgery and fraud ; that this Supre macy was unheard of in the Universal Church for 600 years ; that the forgeries and frauds, ?from which the Supremacy sprang, and was ?maintained, are 1, the 'Donation' of Constan tine, and 2, the falee Decretals, This ia the Information our accuser discloses to the world, as if there were no other side to the question ; and as if it were the simple, incontrovertible truth. Let us examine these forgeries one by one. Take the Decretals ; when were they compiled ? Between 829 and 845, in Eastern France ; and they were first published in 836— 847. They were circulated $a various collections, and were appealed to ????without Busoicion in puWic transactions. Pope Nieolaus I.' was the first Pontiff who came to iknow of them, in 864. Or accuser says that \4he Supremacy founded on these Decretals was unheard of for COO years ; but hero we have .860 years ! So that, for over 200 years before fche Decretals saw the light, the Supremacy of the See of Rome had had its birth, growth, and history. According to our accuser, the child of wickedness was brought to light about 200 years before its mother was born ! Is not this somewhat of a ' fond invention,' and like play* ing off a fraud upon the ignorant and the credu lous ? But perhaps the Supremacy was founded on the ' Donation' of Coustantine ? Now, of this 'donation' there are exfcanfc four Greek texts which have no historical value, and an old Latin one, which is authentic Par from Constantino making a '* donation' to the Pope of the Supremacy by mea-:S of this instrument;, he happens to imply exactly the reverse. He mokes, indeed, a 'donation' to the Pope, and ?.thatjnBt because he did not bestow upon him the Supremacy; but because, ns the Instrument says, the ' Heavenly Emperor had -elevated the Supreme Portiff to the exalted ? dignity of being 'head of the Christian religion .and Prince of Pries t9' ; or, to quote the very ?words of the Donrtio, 'undo oongruum per-. ;8peximus nostrum imperium, et regni pofcesfca 'tem in orientalibus transferri rogiocibua, et in JByzantinfe provincice optimo luco, nomini mostro civitatem tedificari, et nostrum illio con istitui imperium ; qucmiam ubi principatus tsacerdotum, et Christianas religionis caput ab Imperatore cselesti coustitutum e3t, jvi&tam; non cat, ut illic Lcperator terreuus habeafc potess tatem.' So onr accuser's flourish about ^'forgery and fraud,' or rather his unscrupulous aind abominable charge against tho Catholic jOhu.^eh, turns out to be a ' falsehood,' pawned off up/** tne credulity of the Protestant public ? by a man' wba is so excessively scrupulous about fivinp us neediess offence ! But, if we trip .Jin up on L^e Jfg, perhaps he may balance on tfee other ? l'*1 ?Ta'q necessary tor his purptsa to put; the inve-oti.-'n'flf-tue Supremacy as Ja'-o as nncxikin 1?,*.-... lift did . not dare to nut it later than G00 year?. So he 'suppresses the date of the Decretals, and boldly declares, aa a safe shot, quite near enouqii for hia audience, that the Supremacy was not even so much as heard of in tho Universal Cbuich for six hundred years ! The cool Audacity of this assertion surpasses all belief! The Roman. Supremacy not heard of for 600 years iu tho Universal Church ! A plain cr.to gorical statement; indeed, and no fault to find with that ; an undeniable, we suppose, as the existence of Home itself, or of tho pyramids of Egypt, But this- bold assertion does not soera to bear the tonch of truth. What does the first Supreme Pontiff of the Protestant Epis. . copal Church, Henry VIII., tell our aooaaer on. his point? Now Henry, before he assumed lo himself that, very Supremacy which we are told bo anblushimdy wa3 fouuded in ' fraud and forgery,' wrote, a book against Luther, who had donied the Catbolio Sacraments, and, together with them, the Supremacy of the Pope. ?' 1 will not wrong the Bishop of Rome,' Bays the king, 'so much as troublesomely or oarefully to dispute hia ripht, aa if it were a matter doubtful ; it is sufficient for my present task thnfc the enemy is eo much led by fury, that he destroys hia own credit, and makes it clearly appear that by mere malice he (Luther) is so blinded that ha neither sees nor knows what ho says himself. For he cannot deny that all the faithful honour and acknowledge ihe Holy Roman See for their Mother and Supreme Head, nor does distance of placo or dangers in the way hinder access 'thereunto. For if those who come hither from the Indies tell us truih, the Indiana themselves, sei- abated from us by Buch a vatit distance both of lurid »nci sea, do submit to the See of Homo ; if the Biehon of Roma has gob thia great power neither by coia maud or God nor the will of man, bat by main force, I would fain know of Luther when the Pope rushed into the possession of so great riches ; for so vast a power, especially if it began in the memory of man, cannot have an obocure origin. But perhaps he v/ill say it is above one or two ages since ; l?t him then point out the time by histories, otherwise, if it be so ancient that the beginning of so great a thing ia quite forgot, let him know that by all laivs'we arc* forbidden to think otherwise than that; fcliing had a lawful beginning, which ascends sa far beyond tLo memory of man, that its origin cannot be known. Ifc is certain, aud by the una nimous consent cf all nations, v ia forbidden to change or move thethings which have been for a long time unmoved. Truly, if any will look upon ancient monuments, or read tf-e histories of former times,, he may easily tind that since the conversion of the world, all churches in the Christian world ihave been obedi°nfc to the See of Home. We find that though the Empire was translated to the Grecians, yet did they still own and obey the Supremacy of the Church aud See of Rome, except when they were ia any troublesome schism. St. Juroine excellently well demonstrates hia good esteem for the Roman See when he openly declares, though he lucnstlf waa not a Roman, thai; it was sufficient for him (hat the Pope of Rome did approve his faith, whoever else did disapprove of jit. When Luther so impudently asserts, and that against his former declaration, ' that the Pope has no kind of right ov-r the Catholic Church, no, not so much as human, but has by mere force tyrannically usurped ifc.' lean*, not bat wonder that he should expect his readers should be so easily iud uced to believe his wr.rds, or so dull as to think tbafc a priest without any weapon or company to defend him (as doubtless he w'-s, before ho enjoyed that which Luther says he usurped), could ever expect or hope, without any right or title, to obtain ro great a command over so many bishopp, hia fellows, in so many different and divers nations.' And our accuser must needs te'l us tho trnth, that thia ' great command over so monv bishops ' was I absolutely unheard of in the Universal (Dhurch | for 600 years ! Now, let us see if Dr. Von j Dollinger, whom Mr. Gladstone calls ' the | moat famous and 1-arned livi- g theologian of the j Romau Communion,' says : Does he say that ! the Supremacy was unheard for Gfl.0 years 1 \ ' The Papacy ' he Rays ' had to pass through I all the changes and circumstances of the Church, j and to enter with ifc into every process of con- j struotioa. It3 birth begins with two mighty, ! significant, and fur-extending wor^s of the Lord. ' He to whom these words were addressed realized j tbem in his own person and actions, and planted j the institution ot tue mtant Unuvch m tho cen tral point — at Rome. There it silently grew, occulto velut arbor aevo] and in the oldest time it only showed itself forth on peculiar occasions ; but the outlines of the power and the ecclesias tical authority of the Romau Bishops were ever constantly becoming more evident and more prominent. The Popes were, eveu in the tiaae of the Roman Emperors, the guardians of the whole Churrh, exhorting and warning in all. di rections, disposing find judging, ? binding and loosing.1 Complaints were not seldom expressed of the u=ie which, ia particular cases; Rome had made of its power, Reaiatanoe was offered, because the Popo^»va3 supposed to have been , deceived ; an appeal was preferred to him, when ifc was believed he had been better informed ; but there was no refusal to obey his oommaois.' And our accuser has the audacity to slander us publicly on the strength of the 'fond invention' of his that the Supremacy bad not even been heard of iu the fifth General Council, or by Popa John, Pope Benedict, - or Pops i Pela^ius ! Ag -in : Lindsay, summing up the teaching of the Fathers previous to tt-cycar 600, eays, they asserfe, and ho pivea Ion.* j ex'vacts from their writings to support hia ; words, (1) that 'the princedom o? the; Apostolic See' has always beeu.au force in the j Roman Church, i e. ..that tho Sovereign Pontiffs \ for i-he time being, possess iu themselves supreme jurifidietioii over thn whole Church, aud over all persons and causes sippertaininn to the Church ; (3) that they are supreme judges over all causes of Fnth, for Bishops ' cannot, without the consent of tho Bishop of. the City j of Rome, hoar causes of Faith' j (3) that the j Bishop of Rome is supreme over every province and diocese of the universal Church, tor ' to the bead, that is, to the Apostle Peter,' ' who lives and presides in his own .See,' ' thfiPrie?tB, j (Bishops) of the Lord from every one of tho pr-o- j vinces' should 'refer'; (4) that; he is the j visitor/ personally, or by his legates, or by his letters, of every province and diocese of tho UuiverHal Church, to which he may address ''? very full letters,' admonishing nnd censuring aa the case* demands, any Bishop or Bhhops lie deems expedient ; ond (5) that he ia supreme over all oouucils — (Ecumenical, Pltnary, nnd Provincial — and that councils cannot lawfully determine any question of Faith without refe rence to Borne, cor may any decree, of any sort bo proraulpcd 'contrary to the 'decree of the Bishop o£ Rome ' : (G) that it is a saoerdotal law that 'things done con-- trary to the deoree of the Bishop of Rome is null' ; and (7) that when Bishops have been deposed by Plenary or Provincial Conuoils the Pope can, if he deems there is sofficient cause, restore them by means of his ' Letters.' And yet the Suprcmaoy was uuheard of for six oentuties in tho Universal Church ! Perhaps, for variety sske, our accuser would like to read the very words of one of these Popes who could never have heard of his own Supremacy, for he wrote in the middle of tho fifth century, 'And yet out of the who!e world,' says Leo the Grqat, ?? Peter alone is chosen to preside over the calling of the Gentiles, and over all the Aposties, and the oollected Fathers of the Church j so that, though there be among the people of God many priests and many shepu herds, yefc Peter rule3 all by immediate com» misaion, whom . Christ also rules by sovereign povverr' Rather peculiar language 'for one who had not so much as heard of the Roman Supremacy; but it is well known that Popes say and do atrange things ! Pops Boniface I. ia still more extraordinary, for he lived (422) about 200 years before a whisper could have got abroad, 'according to our accuser, of the possibility of a Papal Supremacy. He says, odd raau that hois! that ' the formation of tho Universal Church, at its birth, took ita beginning from the honour of blesped Peter, in whose persou its regimen and sum consists. For from his fonntain the stream of eccle siastical discipline flowed forth into all o.burfhes, as fcho culture of religion pro gressively arivanoed. Certain, therefore, is it tbat this Churoh ia, to the churohes diffused throughout tho whole world, as it were, the head of its own members, from which, whoso ever cuts himself off, becomes expelled from the Christian Religion, as he has begun not to be in the one compact structure (compages).' That of the stern Sfc. Jerome, who flourished about the year 385. is a still more remarkable case, for he at that very early ora speaks very vigoronsly of whitt no man, including Jerome himself of course., had so much a'i heard of. ' I apeak,' writes St. .Tororne to Pope Darnasus, 'with the successor of the fisherman and tho discipie of the cross. I, following no one as my chief but Christ, am associated in communion with thy blessedness, that is, with the See of Peter. I know that on that rook the Church is built. Whosoever shall eat the Lamb outside this House is profane ; if a mau be not iu the Ark of Noe be shall perish when the flood comes in its power.' Nor is this all. The evidence disproving oar accuser's neeufcive is so overwhelming that it would wenrv to briu^ it forward in its fnicess. It one single instance of the Supremacy having been heard of in anv nart of the Universal Ohurch before the year 600 be adduced, his assertion would be proved false. Instead of one we have hundreds. Extracts are at this moment ready for print, proving the nnbruth of our accuser's charge ; extracts from St. Igratns, St. Ireoseus, Tertuilian, St. Cyprian, St. Firmilian, St« Hilary of Poitiers, St. Optatua of Milevis, St, Basil, St. Ambrose. St. Jerome, St, Chrysostom, Sti Augustine, St. Paulinus, Baochiarius, St. Cyril, Theodore*, St. Peter Chrysologus, Socrates, Sozomen, Sfe. Vincent of Lernis, 'Victor Viteneis, and St. Avitus Excerpts also from the couueiis of Sardic», Aquileift, Con stantinople, Carthage, Milevis, Ephesus, Chalcedon, Tarragona, and Rome ; as well as from the Imperial testimonies of Aureliar, G-ratian, Gall a - Placulia, Theododus, and Valentinian. IIT., and Marcian ; and quotations from the Ada and Epistles of Popes ; for r-.xamnle. of Popes Clement I., Sfc. Anicetus. Sfc* Victor, St. Stephen. St. Julius, S&. Damasun, Su. Sirioius, Sfc. Anastanus, St. Innocent, St. Zosimas, Bouifac?, Celeatine, Xystus, Sfc. Leo the Great, Felix III., Galasius, and Sfc. Anastosiu!?, IT. ; or, if our. accuser would prefer more modern testimony, ho can be re farrad to hi.f own c-iuntrymprt, for example, in England, to the R?v. W. M Hunnybun, M.A., and the Rev. Veney Cave»Brown Cave, M.A., both of All S.tinls, Margaret-sfcreat ; the Rev. J. R, Maden, M.A., President of the Mission* ary College, Waiminster ; the Rev. G. R. Burrows, B. A., of Liverpool; tho Rev. Alfred Newdigate, M.A., Vicar of Kirk Hal lam, Derby; tho Rev. Willis Nevius, of Southamp ton ; the R.3V. H. {. Pye, Rector of Clifton Campville ; tho Rev. George B. Yard, M. A., (brother of ©anon. Yard, jnsfc elected Procter in Convocation) ;? the Rev. John Higgina, B.A, curate to Prebendary Clarke* of Taunton ; the Rov. Saptinuia Audrews, M,A., student of Christ Church j W. M. Adams, B A., Fellovr of New College ; R'sv. W. C. Robinson, M.A., also Follow of New College, Oxford ; the Rev. George Ak»rs of Mulling, Knut ; ihs Rev, Gordon Thompson, nf Christ Church, AlbanvK street; O Moucriefi Smith, of Cheltenham j the Rev. Resinald Tuko, of Sfc. Mary's Soho ; the Rov. M/Tylee, of Ock\ College ; the Vt'ry R«.v. Dr. Forts'Ecne, (brother-in-law of Ar.hhialiop Taif) ; iho R*;v. W. Hunipl-reys, of Dundee j ibeE'iv. T, G ninth am, of Sliford ; the Rev. Lord Francis G. Osborne, of Elm, and the Rev. R. S. Hawken, of Morwenston, all of whom hnvo lsfh the City of Confu sion, the Protestant Episcopal Establishncent, and have joined, withta the Insfc few years the Roman Catholic Ohurch. ? To them this question wag of vital interest.; they studied ifc 5 and subdoed by the overwhelming argn~ inenfc on the side of tho Supremacy, they Kub ruitted t.heir obedience to (ho Pope. Or if our accuser would like to begin to study a little history, he svould with benefit consult the writings of Bnllerini, Walter, Roeshirfc, .Vfohlcr, Spittler, Plank, Drosle, Hulehoff, Kunst, A Wassersohlebrm, Gfrbrer, Hofelo, Duraigcr, Phil-ips, nnd Hensohins on this point-. To sum up : our .'tccuser declares it to ue his duty io tell us tho truth : So he gets on a public plat-' form, and boldly assures the world, iu so many words that onr Ohurch ia based on and bolstered up by forgery and fraud ; ami fc0 olenoh this cFaring orum, he adds that ifc is aa historical fact, (lint need only be repeated to be believed, that for COO years the Roman 'Snpre. maoy had not. so much as been heard of in the Universal Church ! Our mother, the Chnroh has but to 'ear her sentence in silence, and then thank her ptars that she hus had the ptivil«ee for once in her life of bearing the trnth ! The truth ! When ouracensor doesnot hint. thatther& is anothc r side to this question, nnd th^t the whole Catholic world bases tho Supremacy on something else ! Truth ! when the very dona, tion of Constantino, which ho dvngs out'a^ninst us, tells, in the very words of if-, directly in our favour. Truth ! when ho suppresses the date of the false Decretals, -and blurfca oub about the 600 years, and thus thicks to throw dust in the eyes of our fellow- colonists, and establish his slander. Truth ! when he suppresses the no torious fact that the Eastern Church admitted the Supremacy, and knew nothing, of the De. cretals. Truth indeed ! when, nocordinc- to his own admission, the Supremnoy had come to light, had grown up, and had had .a history of over 200 years, before those profligate Decretals wore born, on which ho fathers' ifc. Ha de«' flares ' The Supremacy wng unheard of in the Universal Oburoh for 600 years !' Jr ihia another truth, which, in conscience, he ia bound publicly to diill into ns ? Yes ; and it must bo stuck to too, or the other truths about forgery and fraud will fall, like a pack of cards, to tho ground. . O, the delinare {over of English fair play and eveu-hanrled justice, who, whilstjis holds up ? ur Mother to the contempt and ridicule of the world, suppresses every syllable that might be urged in her defence, and does nob even so inuoh as hint it possible that a word could be uttered in extenuation of her crime ! No ; neither King Homy, ror Von Dbllingor, nor the overwhelming evidence of Liodsay, nor t hs woids of Pope Boniface or Leo, nor the dictum of Sfc. Jerome, shall he urged in her favour ; the long catena of patristictestimony, thenfcttrances of CEcnmenical Councils, the wards of Emperors, and the Ada and Epistles of Popes shall be. 'fettered and thrust into the inner prison and their feet made fast in tho stocks,' whilst the mother of England's and Ireland's Christianity is dishonoured and brought to shame by her accuser. Yes, the truth, the whole trnth; and' nothing but the truth ! So neither Newman, nor Boitalla shall pl.ad iu her favour. Ballevini and Walter, and Kosshirt.^ and Mohler, away with you ! while the criminal is condemned without a bearing— for ehe can have nothing good to say for her« self, and if°ehe has she has no business to say it ! Silence, Spittler aud Plank, Drosle and Hulshoff ! Kunst, aud Wassersohleben t«ii orer and ileiele, this criminal is noonce -1 by a chivalrous Englishman, who would defend the honour of another as his own, aud wor.ld scorn to suppress a truth for tho sako of pern petuating a^ slander— leave him (o deal with the case at his pleasure. Yes ; Denziger, and Phillips, and Hinechisa, you are not wanted to spoil the game of knocking down a few help* less Roraaia Catholics, who seem hardly io realize that they are living in a free country, where slander can be unmask', d, and niiecrupu« lous imputations are made to recoil like arrows against those who make use of them ! Tt mat* ters not that Hunnybun, and Cave, and Mndan, and Burrows, aud Pye, and Yard, and Hipgins, and Andrews, and Moore, awd Akers, and Lord F. Osborne, and Tylee, and Adams, and For tescue, and Humphreys, and Tuke, and Robiu son, and a score of others, declare the oharge to be false, and the August Criminal to be im maculate; it matters not (hat they have, all nnd each of them, beon turr ed into fiery advocates of her innocence by studying her ense, and have sacrificed their friends and their prosperity that she may call them her children j it matters not at all j forifshe ia not guilty of this, she is guilty no doubt of something else ; and at all costs she must be silenced, and tabooed, and husfcied out of the way, lest men should at length discover tbat she is the Mother of Christianity, the Church of the living God, built upon the Rock .'? But enough ot these feickening slacders. They should uofc have been introduced had ib not linen necessary to cart away such imputations in order that thumnjestic nnd time-honoured position of the Roman Pontiffs may staud oub boldly to view ; and in order that the world may know thut our Mother, the Catholic Church, shall not he dis honoured with impunity, so long as she hns children to take her pari, Peter, th^n, and bis tuceeesor* are the Supreme Rulers of the great Church of Gorl spre-sd throughout the world. Nut only is the Sovereign Pontiff Supreme Ruler, bub he is, through the promises of Christ, presofved Infallibly from error in hia ' teachings ex cathedra-, in matters of Faith and Mornlfl, And here onr nocusor iiilorrnnts n^ once ngaiu, nnd for tho last; time, with a sceer at Popes being in« fallible who sanction or are deceived by false Decretals. Such unfathomable ignorance of Catholic doctrine is surprising in one who undertakes to discharge tho truth at us. The snour is about ou a par in infcf llisrenoe with the protest of a country gentleman auainsfc the Vatican dc-fitiition of Infallibility. ' Do you menu to tell mo.' he exo'nimed in a lone of indignant protest, 'do you mean to tell me that if I. fired n cannon ba1' at the Pope, ifc wouldn't go through him !' ' AllCaibolios and heretics,' pay B'elltirmiue, ?? ngree in two things ; firs'--, that ifc is possible for a Pope, even as Pope, and with hia own assembly of councillors, or with general Counoil. to pit in particular controversies of fact, vvhioh ohiefly depend ou human information and testimony ; secondly, that iis is possible for him So err ns a private dootor, evou iu universal questions of right, whether of Faith or ef Mora's, and that from ig.or.anne, us sometimes happens to other doctors ' When the Pope does speak ex oathedra he does so under five condi tions, 1, As Supreme Teacher ; 2, to the whole. V^r. ? ? ? ' ? Chnroh ; 3, defining doofcrinc ; 4, to bo held by fcho whole Churoh ; 5, in frith and morals. Without this proteotion in teaching as universal Doctor, the very power of the Pontiff would be the creates!; peril to the Church. For, if ho taught falsehood from the Chair, tho whole Catholic world would be bound to embraco it ; and thus aa by one stroke tho Church would bave failed. But he is preserved divinely from bringing such an irreparable oalamity on the world ; and from his exalted position, and with his high powers, and by means of Divino supervision, he is en abled, as an experienced helmsman, to guide the Bark of Peter safe through the troubled sea. Reaohing from end to end mightily, and ordering all thing3 sweetly, he is the firm, living centre of a system which alono, of all others, is capable of fulfilling the divine mission of teaching all nations, and teaching all truth. Thus, the vital prinoiplo of Catholicity being Christian, Apostolioal, and Scriptural, being a prinoiple of unity universal in its AnDlication, we embrace it as tho method introduced by Christ Himself ; and as the only one that can carry out his world embracing views ; thus, again, the organization of the Church spread throughout the world, being the only one with toughness enough to bear the weight of fallen humanity, the only one with vigour enough to grasp all within its wido ' embrace ; the only one with authority enough to preserve the unity of the faith in the bond of peace, she, the Catholic Church, having; alone persistently claimed for herself, as no other baa, the high promises of Christ, ami having also proved herself a°;e after age to. be the rightful heir of them, we, who dwell under her shadow, and eat of her sweat bread, and drink of the chalice of her suffering or herjhappiuesa, mean to leave her for no other, but with tho grace of God we shall remain with, love, and defend her, aa the Mother of the Living, and the Spouse of the Redeemer to the very end. And not only her vital principle, ' and her coustrne tton, proclaim her to be tho Church of Christ; but tha works which she has accomplished, the fruits she has b-ought forth, testify to a Divine origin, and a suporna natural vigour. The tenacity of her faith under persecution, in the first ages of all, the way she mahifcaiaed the purity of doctrin9 in the period of the Councils; and the marvellous manner shohaa opraad her teach ing abroad during the era of her great national conversions, these things when taken together. and in union with her rule of faith, and her tough, wide-spread, and elastic organization, point her out, unmistakably, &s; the one grand instrument of salvation, set up -y God for the sake of His elect. Daring the very first ago tho blood of martyrs wa-i shed like water ; and the faith was burnt into the heart by suffering. During that ago there was little room for the development of an ecclesiastical system, or for the action of the Supreme Power. in the realm, of supremacy in jurisdiotioa or in honour. Christians then were thinking of their lives. Popes were buried in catacombs ; the Church was suffering tho throes of martyrdom in every limb, in every nerve and organ. ' When the parsecutioa ra^ed in Asia a v^st multitude of Christians presented themselves before the pro-Consul, challenging him to proceed against them' '« Poor wretches,' half in contempt, half in affright, he answered, ' if you must die, cannot you find ropes or precipices for the pur pose T' At Ufcica 150 Christians of both sexes and all agea were martyrs in one company. They are said to have been told to burn incite to an idol, or they should be thrown into a pit of burning lime; tiny, without hesitation, leapt; into it In Egypt 120 confessors, after having sustained the losa of eyes or feet endured to linger out their lives in tho mines of Palestine ?mdCilicia. In the last persecution, according to the testimony of the grav.) Eusebius, a con temporary, the slaughter of men, women, and children, went on by twenties sixties, hun dreds till tho instruments of execution were worn 'out. and the executioners, could kill no more Yet he tells m, an eye-witness, that as soon as any Christians were conaomneu, uwn ran from all parts and surrounded the tribunals, confessed the faith, and joyfully receiving then condemnation, and singing songs of thanksgiving and triumph to the last.' And this, all by teaching through the ear, and not_ through the eve. It was the ' word of preaching, the wio ness of the Apostles, and those who took their places, and who with power testified to the re« surrection of our Saviour, that made# these Christians so heroically stubborn in their acl. herance to the truth ; mnn, women, and children, the vast majority of whom could not read at all or spell a letter, were so impregnated with the unwritten Word, that joymily they poured out their life-blood m testimony to that for which so many others had died before thorn. And this continued during over three centuries with times of intermittent rest-rest only that the fiery trial should begin again. And these, we are told 'with a serious face, were the palmy days of Protestantism ! In what oonsisfcs the essence of Protestantism according to the highest authority ? First, in protesting againsb the Catholic Church ; and, secondly, in road ing the Biblo prayfully, and subjecting it to private judgment,. But according to tho Pro Liant theoi-y, in those agesof purity, noCathohc Church existed to protesb agaiust : and, accoid ing to indisputable facts of history, there were no Bible* for tho millions or anybody else, an-? if there had been, the miihoua could not have read them. Where is Protestantism when its two legs are struck from under it P Now here No : it was the Apostolic principle, the Christian Scriptural prinoiple of the living voice as well as of the Written Word, which was then, a* it is now, the instrument of conversion, aud the stay of the martyrs. These two prmoiplea, acting harmoniously together ,n the nex fe ngo of councils, were the fountain-heads of purity am. integrity of doctrine in the fooo of poworfu and .ku£l»ilants. The body of doctrine wa ono and diatiuot, as was also tot body. of men or that organisation whioh inouloatod it. Opposition, oriticism, innovation, simply aided - the _ clear expansiou, and drew a definite 1 outline round t;he teachings of tho Fathers, and 1 of the Sacred Page. Arms, in the fourth cen- i tury, denies tho (quality of the Sou with the : Father; over 300 .Bishops assotnblod at .Niccea : in the days of Pope Silvester, and declare the ' teaching of Ariua to be an innovation, and cou« trary to the doctrine handed down from the first, and worthy of absolute condemnation ; next, Macedonius arises and denies the Divinity ol the^ Holy Spirit : and in the' days of Pope Dainaeus the Binhops meet once again, and con demn the new doctrine as an innovation on the past. Nestorius then attacks the oneness of Christ's Divine Personality, and Pope Oelestiue, and the Council of Epherms, cast out the deadly doctrine ; Eutyches broaches novel doctrine touching the nature of our Saviour, aud over six hundred Bishops, with Leo the Great in the Chair of Peter, defend the tradition of the Fathers aud the true interpretation of Holy Writ ia the great (Ecumenical Council of Chalcedon : then, the Mon-tholites declare our Lord to have but one will ; Pope Agatho and the Bishops assemble once more, and the doctrine of tho Incarnation io ' preserved in all its purity ; and so, ago after age, at the Lateran, at Lyons, and Vionne, and Florence, and Trent, and the Vatican the Church has simply boen repeating herself ; opposing error, defining truth, expanding its outline with supernatural accuracy and preci sion, and using as the measure of this delicate operation, first, the Snored Page, then the uu written tradition which is at the same time its ( ocnplimeut and.its interpretation. Had the vital principle of ihe Episcopal Protestant Church bsen put in operation at the Council of ISTiccea, Caristianty itself -should nob long have survived I the breaking up of the council, and, it is not r.-ish to prophesy that before the four first (Ecumenical meetings had been completed, it would have split up into an hundred eccentric I denominations, each bnaring- in itself the germ of i a farther decay and corruption. The germ of dtath will develop decay ; the germ of life will produce vigour, expansion, and the vit.-.l unity of a widespread life. Having, thus, con ceutrated and defined her doctrinal position in the face of the world, having sown the seed deep in fcho blood of martyrs, she no^ sei'3 forth on her wo^k of converting the nations. Her method is the Apostolical one. Bpnifaco, Bar chard, and Lullus marched into th'e woods aud feps of Germany, and hurled down the idols and the gods. The children of Thor and Woden were coverted by Willibald, and WinebaUl, and Wigberb, in the ei^hb conturj, S, ',' Wille had and Ludi«er penetrate:!, into and reclaimed Saxony and Friesland to the cross ; in^the ninth j St. Cyril, and Methodius.. Adalbertyand Paul, at the command nf Pope Nicholas I., bore ! the Living Word to (he Sclavonians, the Bui- ; gariane, the Moravians, and Bohemians . Doa»..j mark was oonverted by Anscher, Ebbo, aud' Rembert; whilst Valdmar, in the same a'ge-, tossed the broken fragments of his gods into', the Dneiper, and Eussia began to' isarn the7.jx story of the Crucifix. In the tenth' age,. Adal---j bertof Prague, and Wolfgang and R.adia bore-- the oross into Hungary; while Mieoi.slaw, -the-'] first of the kings of Poland, abandoned, hisjj seven wives, and joined the Catholio Church...]; So chivalrously did the noble Polish nation J; come to love the Gospel, that it became.,^ custom amougst its gentlemen when the'^tie^ I was roadiu;' the Gospel at the Massj'^tioq half uusheath their swords, as a testimony that j they would defend tho truth to the shedding of their blood. Then, in .the eleventh century, King Oloff II., the Nor wegiano and the Swedes, at the preaohing of Sigafrid, aud David, publicly professed the Christian Faith. In a word, as the Koraan Em« pire was converted by the action of the Roman See, so has it been in the middle age. To Popes Gregory the Great, and Gregory III. , and Gre gory the Fourth, and Leo IV., aud Nicholas I., and John VII., Northern Europe is in- ; debted for its Christianity, As to what has j been done in India, Japan, INortn America, Brazil, amongst tho Algonquius, the Cara bees, the Hurons, tho . Putagonians, aud others, it would last too long to relate. Simply fix your eyes upon one small island and see the force of the Catholic principle and teaching. Gazs upon the remnants of days that are no j more ; but which with God's good pleasure will i comeagain to England. Look at Westminster and Durham, and Canterbury, aud Lincoln, and . York, and Peterborough, and Gloucester, and j Winchester, and Worcester and, Salisbury, aud Exeter ; are they not aa so many monuments of ages of Faith, of love, of self-spending for Go'i'a sake ? See the ivy-clad ruins of Wood bnrn, and Kofuiing, and Netloy, and St. Mary's, ; York, and Fountains, and Boulton, and Ely, and Chester and Taviatock, and Tintern, and Shafts bury and St. Albany and Fnrnesa-the very names themselves drawing before tho ima.. moation pictures of devotedness, and scenes of beauty in the orr'er of nature and of grace, i which havo nothing to compare with them in the annals of the religions set up by man. Yes, Canterbury is still there ; but what has become j of St Augustine, and St. Dustan, and St. Elphege, ? of St. Anselm, St. Thomas and St. Edmund ? York and its half desolate minster still survive, but who in England, except a few Catholics, think of St. Paulinns, St. John, St. Wilfrid, and St. William, of Sb. Erconwald of London, Sb. Cuth bert of Durham, St. Swithun of Winton, St. Aidan of Lindisfarne, Sb. Hugh of Lincoln, St Chad, of Lichfield— has nob the odour of their namon departed ? and by whom are they remembered, save by the priests and the poople of tho Old Religion, who, even at this day, hold them in 'benediction and beg of them to mter oede for that land which they love so well. Yes- Sb Thomas, of Hereford, and SS. Oswald and Wolstanof Woroester, and St. Osmund of Salisbury, and St. Birinus of Dorchester, and St Richard of Ohiohoater, all those aud many more will still pray for England, pray for her 3on version. But enough has baen said to prove the power of the Catholic Churoh as a Con verter of nations, as an embracer of the world, as a purifier of hearts. We cannot leave her for 'the stammering lips of the ambiguous formularies' of the English Protestant Epis copal Churoh. How can she convert nations who cannot hold herself together ? How can she endure whose vital principle not having a tag of Scrip'ture to hang to, is essentially a germ of corruption and death ? How can she last out in the cutting atmosphere of this rough world whon her very framework is a job, and her centre of unity and force of authority, nowhere? No; we cannot certainly join her, nor any of those secondary creeds or organisms whioh have dropped from her. Their position is more logical, but utter infidelity is more logical still ; there are but two things in the ultimate analysis ; the Rock of Poter, and the troubled, unhappy waters of level Unbelief. As ioe melts gradually in the sun, as the rock gradually hardens under its influence, so will it be. That creed whioh cannot stand the probo of logic, or the test of human reason, must, in the end, melt undor the action of that human oriticism which it invites. The Churoh being built up from base to summit as strictly logical as Euclid, as she ever has done, will still baffle, if she does not always convert, tho nubeliever, He, at best, can but enslave the mere intellect for a time ; she is mistress of both intellect and intent. Yes; we will remain in her Communion ; because she alone possesses the vital prinoiple of unity and expansion ; because her organism alone can do tha. work imposed upon His Church by Jeaus Christ ; and, finally, wo will remain, because she alone, of all churches, may be said to have oonverted the world twice over. His Graoe, then, in an earnest peroration besought our Lord 'to give strength and light to those in weakness or darkness, to see the saving truth and to embrace it ; and concluded by begging of the Holy Court to intercede for all those present, that one and all might be brought at length to the feet of the one Shepherd of the Fold.' 