A PEDLAR'S NIGHT RIDE. A pedlar, named Jonas Marbnger, has for many years tramped over various sec tions of this and neighbouring counties, selling his wares ; and by a consistent course he has won the confidence and esteem of a large number of acquaint ances. On Tuesday afternoon about five the pedlar had his pack in the kitchen of a man named Eshelstaub in Albany township. The farindt's wife purchased what she desired, and the pedlar, accord ing to the custom of that neighbourhood, was asked to remain for supper, which he did, aud subsequently determined to stay all night. The farmer owns quite a nice tract of land, and during the evening much of the conversation centred upon matters pertaining to farming. At about nine o'clock the pedlar was shown to a large garret under the roof, where he was to sleep. The family retired, aud nothing unusual occurred until sometime near mid night, when the farmer was awakened by the barking of watch dogs and the tramp ing of a horse's hoofs. He arose and looked ont of the window toward the barn, when an extraordinary Bight met his gaze. The dogs were in an adjoining field, and, strange to say, there appeared to be a ghost riding about on one of the farmer's young horses. The farmer called the hired man, and on going to the garret with a lantern they found the bed, which had been occupied, empty, and the pedlar gone, but his clothes still hanging on a chair, where he had evidently left them. The farmer and hired man went down stairs, and found that all the doors were locked as they were before they retired. Going out, they found the horse still ou a full gallop under the direction of his mys terious rider. The hired man watched his chance, caught the animal, and upon closer examination found that the rider was the pedlar, who sat there like a statue, and was in a complete state of somnambulism. He had nothing on him excepting his shirt, undershirt, drawers, and stockings, and notwithstanding the coldness of tho night he was perspiring freely when lifted down. They could not waken him pro perly until lie was led into the house, and when he came to his senses he seemed to know nothing of what had occurred. Ho seemed startled at being out of bed and downstairs in such apparel. Subsequent examination showed that the man, in his strange state, had worked his way out of a trap door to the roof and thence down to the roof of a back building, aud thence to the ground.— ■' Alta California.' Tlie following is an instance of the " severely calm" style of Western report orial description :—" Yesterday morning a boy sauntered up to a yard 011 Eighth street, where a woman was scratching the bosom of the earth with a rake, and lean ing 011 the fence said, ' Are you going round to the yard after a while ?' The woman said she did not know j may be she would ; why ? ' Because,' the boy said, ' I just saw the cistern lid drop on the baby's head a minute ago, and thought if you went round you might lift it off.' It is currently reported the woman went." In reviewing Dr. FitzEdward Hall's work on " Abraham," Mr. Richard Grant White says :—"His treatment of every one who has undertaken to help others in the study of our common mother-tongue reminds 11s of the conduct of the ship master who came on deck to find that, in his absence, his mate had undertaken to read the burial service over the body of a departed foretopman, and had actually begun the solemn task—'I am,' &c.; 'You the resurrection and life !' broke in the affronted skipper. ' Give me the book— I am the resurrection and the life.' " "There is no change in gentlemen's pantaloons," says the bulletin of fashion. " That's so," sighs the impecunious dandy. The article chiefly sold at most church bazaars—The visitor. 