HOME JS'BWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIE IF. (from OUK OWS COKRKSI'OJinENT). Paris, 10th July. The Republican deputies are condemned to hard , r. for "X weeks; if they desire to see the * ub'.ic Towers Bill, &e.;, passed before the middle of August, and thus leave uo excuse for not dis solving, the;-must be the /irst to a.rivo iu their places in the Assembly and the 'a-;, to leave, in order to vote down propositions u..! ..1 tmly to coiiHume time, and defeat the general elections till next year, which would be attended with lament able consequences, liy so standing by their guns the constitutional majority can accomplish their object, and thus enable France t<j enter into pos session of herself. The next step is to keep Louis Blanc and us lew right-angled ilepu.lieani quiet; they Will be wasting the valuable time of the Chamber, advocating their Utopias, suggesting the Kopubhcaiusm of ancient Greece and Kmne for 1' rance of to-day, instead of what can be f.-und in the United States, Switzerland, and even En-laud. }f"13 Kepublican ideas were tried in' lafS and fo md Wanting. Honor the dead if on,. pleases, but leave the dead iu p uce His views are not those that tho country sympathises with, or , esues to see applied. Ua-nbetta is tho chi.-f of mujeru Ketubhcanism, wiiich endeavors to obtain what it can,, and to remain loyally contented when It tails to succeed, moderately advocating ame;iora tions. Besides, all the tinkering and incongruities 111 the present patoh-work constitution can be re vised in 1SS0, but till then it is a tangible thing, so let us be c.ontented in little, but caiitio iu mair." it i i "T OI'suPcrior instruction continues to form the debating ground between th.- Ultramontane and tbe Liberal parties; neither secni to be rigUt, as is the case with all extremes. Ttie Liberals count am,ins them members who would not allow the Church to found colleges when it had the moans this 13 not Liberalism; but granting the Church thJ: rijjht to found uaiverdiricM, and to confer ilcrcoa without any control, is not one aiul tho same thin» Liberty counsels to leave instruction free to all parties, clerical as well as lay, but the Srate must : remain master iu the matter of examining for diplomas, aud thus becoming tho rcsponaiole partv for the qualifications of tho graduates. In tile case of tho laity, not at all so rich as their opponents greater latitude ougnt to be niiowed for h>ldiii£j conferences and giving courses of lectures, all par ties being aliko subjected to ministerial control . where doctrines may be inculcated subversive of Bociety. The University of France which confers the degrees is the State, and cannot he lightly in teifered with, for iu France, history shows, it is easier to establish new institutions than to reform the ^ld ones. But before adoptiug the now it would tie preferable to aeu them at work. The Savary report in the Bouapartist conspiracy as revealed by tho Niorre election, iloes not bring many new facts, but corroborates rather what is suspected and woll known. It is quite clear that M. Kouher, the ex-Vice- limperor, did not state the fact, when denying upon his honor ho was ignorant of Bouapartist Committees existing throughout tho oouutry. Tho list is given, fro n .documents seized by the poln;.*, of tho journal* in France in the pay of Imperialism, some sixty in numoer, costing about 18,000 francs per rao-ith. Evidence is clear that the BonapartisU were generally astute enou 'li to keep within tho law; howover, atteuip.s wcro made todistributo photographs iu tho army by means of family influence with olliccrs, and one sees with regret Theophile Gantier demanding some of the oartes to distribute among tho police. Too organization was a government within a govern ment: nor did tho committee, of ° whom il. Kouher was the President, hesitate to havo tlieir independent detectives, who not only spied the movements of Marshal M'Mahon and his lady, but of tho Prefect of I'olice him,elf. This was a renewal of Kichelieu's practices. Since this discorory was made, the brave old soldier lias given the cold shoulder to the Bouaparfcists; he found out they wished to trade on his honest namo. O..o Amigues plays an exceptionally repulsive role in the conspiracy. Uo farmed tho UommmmiB for tho CAU8Q, and oven wrote umoles ao wo.l for tho intoro.ts of ChUelhurst, that ho received the thanks of tho two exiles. It was this in in who worked up some of the Communist refugees to re present tho artizaiis of Taria at the funeral of Napo ieou III. The late Minister of Justice, Tailhaud beyond yea or uuy, abused his position to screen the Imperialists, but as that functionary has Ion" sinoo been forgotten, further condemnations can ,o"t affect him. The inquiry ought to damage the pros pects of " Invasion IV," as tho Prince Imperial i3 now generally called, had he any prospects since tho overthrow of the coalition Gover .nielli, and the expulsion of Imperialist Ministers from ollice Ono of tho most amusing works of the day is a' Parthian arrow shot at the deputies, under the title of the Electors' Handbook, .--onie Tuck has instigatod a M. Clove to writo tho biographies of tho deputies since 1871 up to tho present. He gives a tablo of twenty of tho important and Capi tal divisions which have taken pl.,ce and extracts from tho speeches oi the members on the questions involved. Tho difference between now and thou is the most unblushing iu its Kind on any record. The deputies change their political faith as thoy do thoir chemises, and there is only this redeomiu" feature that tho instances of consistency are as raro as the white blackbird or th: four- leave.I Bhamrock. Ono can perfectly well understand why deputies hesitate to appear before their consti tuents all had been elected to support the He p iblic, and more than one-half turned out to bo Royalists in disguise. It would be a consoling iiopo that tho new Assembly may be composed of men attached to a frank faitu from the outsot. There is much political oowardico in Frenchmen. _ Paris has nothing to complain of except tho con tinued wet- weather. Meteorology seoins now adays to bo acting on tho feast or tho famine prin ciple—long spoils of drought and long periods of wot. Tho matter at present is seiious, as it might compromise the harvest, Ualf-a.Jozen pilgiima.'es ought to be tried to bring about fair weather; they could not be less unproductive than those under taken to scoure tho return of Henri V. IVo are in tho throes of quarter day, aud all rents are being punctually paid, ovon woikpeople that wo o for mouths out of employment are able to contri bute a little to wipe out arrears If increased taxation represent improved circumstances, Paris ought to be at the top of the list. Thus iu 1813 when the city had a population of 622,000, tho tax per head was 37 francs, while at present, with a population of 1,800,QUO, the a.imo .ax is 112 franca. Perhaps tho Freemasons are tho most actively employed of all crafts; new brethren aro being en rolled by tiundreds. This iu said to bo iu reply to the Vatieai denunciations; others attribute it to tho adhesiou of the Prince of Wales. Perhaps both cau,ea combined briu* about tho result If any misfortune ever befall tho Prince he can hardly count upon receiving tho Papal blessing, oither by telegraph or otherwise. Tho lato Emperor was said to havo been a freo and accepted .\la,on iu his sahid days, which is quite possible, as exiles try all tne arts to arrive at tueir end. His sou might do worse than speculate in tho ordor also. Tho agonizing period of tho Toulouse' calamity has passed away, and books aro being ruled as to the statistics. Subscriptions to the amount of two aud a quarter millions of francs havo been collected to relieve 25,000 suiforers; 1,020 bodies have beon fouud, 300 persons aro said to bo missing, and two millions of property havo been destroyed. Busi ness is being resumed, as wino merchants' circulars havo been received ill Talis stating that they havo miraculously escaped, and that having thoir wine in elevated cellars prices will reiu.iiu as heretofore. Some rogues have beou dotectod aud punished for collecting aid for tho distressed and applying it for their own uses, and to prevent ail appealance of fraud a penny thoatro announces that iu its estab lishment collections aro entrusted to tho police. Tnere were a few wreckers at work, as some bodies were found stripped of their clothing, in addition the brave Marquis d'H.iutpoul, who was drowned' saving others, was fouud in such a state, with his ring-linger cut olf. The Bessjii—Breon marriage case, that has occu pied so much attention, has beon disposod of. Tho facts are these: M. Besson is ai-arristeraud a deputy aged 50; and knowing that Mdlle. Ilrooii would in herit sorno million found the attraction superlativo, as ho had uo moans. The acquaintance was made at a watering place iu 1SG8, and tho marriage took place in 1872, the lady, iiRed 21, dying !n 1873\. Tho tr.al was instituted by the father, to bro.ik tho marriage, on account of an informality to thus possess his daughter's re mains, aud to cut out his sou-in-law from inherit ing his wealth. M. Brcsu is nearly DO years of age, aud was of late living separated from his w-f« and daughter, aud perhaps iu the interests of the young lady, and to finish her anomalous position, the Superioress of the Sacrecoour Convent, where tho young lady was educated, advised her to m-irry Bosson, whoso only drawbacks wore his age and his empty purse; this was tho easier to accomplish as Mile, was not averse to the match. The father was not fully informed as to the residences of the young couple before thoy were mariied, and as tho law requires, honoj his plaint; but he did not much love his child, as he frequently beat her aud camo to the cemetery to curse iier remaius. The court, while blaming the non-compliance with tho forma-. lities, held tho marriage to be good. A curious advertisement case has been disposed of. Some twenty years ngo a Dr. Fairo entered into a coutract with the Omnibus Company of Paris to place two advertiseiiu-uts of his patent medi cine on the inside roof of the vehicle, for the annual sum of GOOf., tho coutract to hold good till 18<S4. The experiment was new, and was eagerly seized, to induce the public to advertise by that medium. Last January Dr. F.iire sold his right to a chocolate vn inufacturer, and the coaipany declined to recog nize the transfer; the directors had learned in tho interim tho value of their vehicles for advertisers, besides, tho number of their busses had trippled. The court decided that tho company should recog nize the transfer, and iiX tho chocolate c ,rds iu all their busses within twenty-four hours, under p in of a daily penalty, awardiug l,000f. damages into the bargain. A singular lightning accident has occurred at Brosnay. Six persons sat down to dinner, aud had just commenced with the soup, when tho lightning descended, and on tho table, without the least noiso or any other accidout than whisking the soup out of one of tho plates; it passed into the kitchen, killing a dog stretched before a fire, aud then disappeared by melting some bell wires. An old yoummnd's code has turned up. Among othor counsels given are—To immediately accept tho dish when a uoighbor passes it to you, as cere monial delays only cool the morsals; ev.^ry conver sation c luimeticed ought to ce.iae on the arrival «-f the truffled turkey, and should misfortune give you. for neighbor, one of the children—Frenca families allow their olive-branches to sit at the family repast, and the practice has much to re coinmeuj it—do your-best to make it merry with wine, so that ils mamma will have to order it into quarantine at once. A ntjry is current that during the Franco Gennan war numerous French soldiers nightly escaped from the fortress of Antwerp on r.ifti; a" sentry was blamed by his officer for not firing -ou u. party of the runaways, and was told that he (the sentry) was ordered only "to fire upon robbors, but tho fugitives in question were soldiers." '• A mour" (love) is masculine in the singular, and feminine in th»> plural, from which it result* that ladies have the rifjht to love several time , Byron alludes to a lady only in her tirst love, loving her loves, and that afterwards all she .lovus is love, wh ch i.« cmuus a fashion, it appears, she c.m nt-'cr yet ami fitting her like :»u easy glove A mayor in ft village, not one huudrcd miles from Paris, announced he had placed two bnx<>s in front of his office for those who "intend to give/' and those " who will not," to the Touluuse fund. After paying judicial regards to the 4" npiriiists," by breaking- up the ghost-photograph manufactory, the police are now giving tucir best attention lo the matrimonial agencies; up to the present, these have not been found to he swindle*, nor assUpati uh for immorality; books are kept by single and double entry, and the butanes.-} seems to be thr.viug. Those parties who complain they have beon tricked, do not show more than the lady they have been intro duced to had not the fortune stated, but that she was'generally plain, advanced in years, or possessing b.id antecedents. But the ai;emie : do not give any guaranteo against tbeae objections. Gronier Cassagnac, the Bonapartist editor, has threatened to kick Gumbefctu; so a little crowd fol 1-iWi both to wituess the meeting that is to make amends. X'arty politics and social hatreds run so high that the wonder i« so fow kicking* take place. A Frenchmau let* off 00 per cent, of his paa-imed feelings in talk aud grimaces, lie knows that whether his grievance bo sound or otherwise, lie will go to prison if he raises either hand or foot. In 1S30, when Polish refugees were so petted in Paris, it was impossible for a native to the mauuer born to find a situation, all being reserved for the Poles. An advertisement turned the tide, it was from a " Frenohraau, the father of six hungry childron, demanding the position of Polish refugee.' 