MISCELLANY. Footpads.—Corn plasters. Very Hard Linbs.—The railways. A Run of Luck.—Winning a race. To make the winter seem short a Dublin man gives his acceptance payable in the spring. A Yankee critic, speaking of a very tall actor, said, " He's tall enough to act in two parts." Unspeakably Happy.—Deaf, and dumb loveis. "Too mooch lager," said a Dutchman, " Ish bad, but a good dial ish shust right." Marital Prize.—A Mr. 0. B. True was married recently in Connecticut. The Only Men who Have a Right to Talk OPHpjnt Extraction.—Dentists. jSPComforting Conclusion. — An Irish editor'congratulates himself that half the lies told about him ain't true. A Miss Gilmobe was courted by a man whose name was Haddock, who told her that he wanted only one gill more to make him a perfect fish. Useful to Know.—When small boys are out on their travels it is proper to ask them, " Does your mother know your route T' An Indiana man had the ramrod of a shot gun fired through bim, and the only damage was "a durn queer feeling." Shakspebian Notion of Economy.—"A tanner will last you nine year."—" Hamlet," act 6, sc. L—Punch. Since the ghost broke out at Carthage, the hoys say it is much more pleasant escorting guts home from the literary society. Allowance—"Can't yon make any allow ance for a man's being drunk?" "Certainly," said the judge, "I'll allow you three days' Imprison ment." Abstracted.—A thief who fell into.a fit of abstraction, and got lost in thought, after wandering awhile in his own mind, found himself at last in the ' arms of a policeman. : , An Awful Warning.—A woman broke her aim the other day while washing dishes; and yet there an Others who will turn up their nose at this awful warning. When a howling storm of enow and wind oomes on just after a man has removed a 4ft. drift from his frontgate, he begins to lose faith in special Providences.—Rome SentineL ' • Thb Gbowth of Calumny.—And now they ■ say William Penn would ait down under a tree with Indians about him, and, telling them of the better worid beyond the' sea, dtal hiihselt four acee and win the game. ; | .; ; ■ ,.<.; I Making Bad Worse—A.ruBtio youngster,; being aped out to .take tea with attend, wae ^omp nlsbed to pntm the eatables. Presently the btattet w* passed to him, when be remarked, ''very nloe butter .-fwhat there is o! it;" snd observing * smile, he added, "And plenty of it—sach as U Is." . (An Excellent Amthmbtioian. — School Iespector to urchin.—" Now, Johnny, how many can ybucount?" Johnny.—"One, two, three, four, five, six, Mven, eight, nine, ten." Inspect**-—" Good,- Johnny; ye on." Johnny (after a moment's thought).— " Jack, qneen, king, see." \ Alias.—"It's well enough for yon to name . y >urboyBU&e;,*eeldAuntHepzVbah, "butforgracious g todnesa' sake don't name him Alias, 'cause the filiates it always a cuttln" np bad. Here's Alias Jones, Alias t B towivAlias Thompson, Alias One-eyed Jake, all been t< ok up tor robbln'an'steslinV ' Tueepoe All Tamos.—'They would have h id a religions revival In a certain town the other . .Week, but for the way harnesses were cot op and > hnses Shaved outside the aharch door while the- * p vacber wae starting the -good work within. A man < om't be wtood after finding bis hone's mane and tail citoff. Under suCh drcnmstenoea religion la about tl .e last thing a man feels like.—-American paper. , Suspicious.—" Oh! your nose' is aa cold as tie," a Boston father thought he heard his daughter e; the other evening; as he was reading In the . nntroom. He walked In tor an explanation, but the V mum* fallow was at one end'of the spta and the girl at ; t] ie other, while: both looked so innocent and uncon e ions that the old gentleman cooclnded that his ears b »d deceived him, and so retired from the scene with 01A "Niggeb Killer."—He laid down the . h isket of chipe he had pilfered, and, looking bard at i ie urchin who had been making a target of nim by < S looting at him with a " bigger killer, »id— Whar t v aa you raised, chile 7* "Scbucareo, said the young . bbodlum. "IndeNoifr " Yetfi, thur." "I ton; at. Buddum white folks' children wuddeat do like dab Lemme toll you, honey, manners gwine to carry ytou furder den money. Ton hear, met—Dallas Texas) Herald. I Not to be Done that' Wat.—An erring husband who had exhausted all explanations for late hours, and had no apology ready, recently slipped ii [to the house about 1' o'clock, very Boftly, denuded h imself gently, and began rocking the cradle by the 1 ;dside as if he bad been awakened out of a sound B oep by infantile cries. He "had rocked away for five minutes when Mary Jane, who had silently observed the whole manoeuvre. Bald, " Come to bed, you fool, ytou! the baby ain't thaw!" , Peep abed fob Action.—A. youth of Winters, on his way to Illinois from New York State, tarried here awhile yesterday, and he exhibited to a police officer his means of defence against Western roughs and robbers. He had a horse-pistol a dung, slid his satchel loaded with shot, a hickory duty a short bar of iron, a two-edged dagger, a big jack-knife, and a dung-shot, and as he laid them down on a bench he smiled and remarked—" Pm jist a-thireting tp have some one climb on me."—Detroit Free Press, i Applied Science.—A chunk of a boy wag sfeen studying the weather report charts hanging in toe post-office yesterday, and, wondering at the lad's interest, a gentleman approached him and asked : " Well, my son, what do you wish to find J" "rm looking to 666 bow the old tUexmom stands fit Doluthj add the boy. "If she's 10 below I've got to dust for home and split more wood; it she's at zero, I can go eft with Bui Jackson to see his dog fight a tame coon r —Detroit Free Press. ; Rough on the Doctors.—The sick squaw of a; dusky chid, in Washington territory, lately told her Hoble husband that she didn't think that she should ever feel any better unless he killed her doctor. t This is a novel and startling view of medical matters,'and ihtereeting to the profession. The doctor was; fluly killed; and upon being tried for his murder: the chief vtas acquitted on the ground that he acted In defence off his wife's life! The doctors in those regions must feel a little doubtful about continuing in the business under such circumstances. I "A Fellow Feeling," &c;,—MajorO'Dodger (of the Scallionshire Bifles):—" Well, what baveyou Sot to say for yourself ?' Foil-corporal Farrell (a QValUB bwuv M*ws'^ubs uwu*w. i * i - -r , " I 3ad; an', he jabers, I should stav M J .won it all back, an' that wasn't till tower o'clock thtb momin ; IT." /nie Major (an inveterate loo-player, v&o; had i. left off his own little game precisely at the same hour , -Lveiy hastily)" Admonish'd, admbnishe'd!" Ser jeant:—"Left town! Queeck 'arrch i '-^-Ponch.' ^ i A Fictitious Lobd Matob.—A' provincial > dining at a restaurant in Bans (so says * Paris , jtournal) sat near a very respectable-looking grey headed person, with whom he entered fiito converse- ' Son. "To whom have I the honour ofBpeakwg?" ; Add he. "I am the Lord Mayor of London,"sajdthe r Venerable diner with great simplicity. " 1 catae Over - to assist at the first representation at the new'Opera, flhaveseen that in the papers," replied the other, t fetimating that his new acquaintance was in luck. TMonDieu,"replied the soi-dlsant Lord Mayor, "I ' nay for my place like others. I have bought i a box, and there are three of us." After a,short Silence, he resumed, "I was about td add that jwould willingly Boil the fourth place." « For how ) iuchr said the other. "Two hundred francs; ; Aould you like it?" "I should think so,"said the ; cither; "how much I thank you, my lord." "Veiy • ielL- wasthe reply; "ask this evening lor No. 4, . Avant Scfcne, and give me the money. I have but fast time to dress." The provincial paid the money, Sod has since made a complaint to the police. - < ! About Dinnbbs.—Aa to the V best iramber / <if guests for an agreeable dinner," it fa probable that , she world will never agree, primod ae la Keyniere preferred three to any other number, aud would not, on any account, suffer six to be exceeded. The r T finest gourmands of modern France and modem England" have declared 12 to be " permissible." ; But the mosthumorous view ever taken of the subject I £ attributed to a certain "President of the Tribunal , it Avignon," who remarked to a friend one day:— 1 ? By my faith, we havejuat had asuperb turkey. It pas excellent, stuffed to the beak with truffles, tender , is a chicken, fat as an ortolan, aromatic as a thrush. By mv faith, we left nothing but its bones !" " And 1 how many wwe there ot you ?' inquired the friend. ; " Only two," answered the other with a gentle smile. " Only two 1" exclaimed the astonished hearer. " Precisely so," replied the lawyer ; " there was my- ; self, and there was—the turkey." As to dining alone, there are many reasons for and against it; but one of the objections was forcibly put by Theodore Hook, who said, " When one dines alone, the bottle does , come round so fast."—From Chambers' Journal. Colonel Tompkins's Pet Alligatob.— , Colonel Tompkins, of Meriden, is an eccentric man. He has a passion for collecting strange animals and domesticating them on Ids farm. His success with the alligator is remarkable. A few years ago he 1 bought one of these reptiles ot a sea-oaptain, who had . brought it north when young. Being fully acclimated, a snowstorm only amuses the reptile, while the cold sir of the north greatly adds to the toughness of its- ' bide. The boys nave often struck it with a pickaxe with about as much effect as if it had been a Steam boiler. This alligator is as eccentric as its master; but It u the beet disposed animal In the world. It -' will wotk In a threshing-machine ten honre a day,. buL if overtasked, its mouth opens sarcastically. Next to eating ham, its chid delight is to go with the boys to the river, where it watts till they disrobe 'r then it plunges in and allows them to ride on its back. Onoe a water moocasin bit a lad and fled tolls hole. The alligator threw the boy out on the bank with its tail, then turned its attention to that serpent's abiding place, with its mouth wide open and its eyes' red with rage. Not less than 18 moccasins were lying dead at the boy's test before he could count six. The alligator set up a terrific bowl of exultation. Putting the boy astride its back, and the snakes in its jaw. It. started for the house at the top ofitsspeed. Fortunately the lad was not dangerously inj urea. Colonel Tompkins rewarded the reptile with a box of soap-grease and a young pig. Kaoh spring its scales are renovated with s oold chisel. This little feature in its toilet pleases it immensely, and it capers around for an hour afterwards. Children are great favourites with the reptile. They give it oheeee and ftwuihairtoa, and bits of roast chicken on their way to school, while it keeps a sharp look-out for the dr<j(B does that may follow them. The blacksmith's bey whotrimsits sosles is a psrtU^ friend, test March, when they were unusually ^ck, he chiselled Aroular plnoee in its hide and insetted * cheap boll's Bye clock on either side of it, and wedgedthem fast. At first the animal was uneasy, but when it heard the foirw its delight Was unbounded, and tt waddled dff to show Itself to the -schooVfiria. Beoentiy Its teeth became bo dull that It wtM.terdly chew, and tt whined ptttously. gave lta mple of tom-cats and ledit f^ ie teeth to a keen edp» >yed that it ran out q iet, and gobbled up » ' Doe then the all" top for repairs. tuna over on its is boy puts » buss-saw < iburyNews. 