MISS ANGEL I By Miss Thackeray. Chapter XI. (Coxtixof.d). — Pexelt.o Vor.ANTF.. Next morning, true to his appointment, Mr. Reynolds walked across to Berkeley Square, and found tlic two ladies of the- house standing looking out by the gate of the park. HAlSa IVUUUliliiU IS Ub 1XUU1C 1U "VI ing room. Come this way," said Lady W . " Let uiSi take her by surprise, you can enter by the class door." The surprise was very short, for Angelica was listening to every footstep. Once she thought Mr. Keyuolds had come, but it was only Lord Henry Belmore who, rather to her annoyance, asked leave to wait. in her studio for Lady W., with whom he was going out. She lot him sit down whero he would, and went on with her painting. Then came more steps on the terrace and voices, and Angelica looked up,' blushed, and sprang to open the window. This timo she saw the person she was waiting for so impatiently. "Hero is a friend," said Lady W., as they came in; then her voice changed, "Henry, you hero! wo were waiting for you out side." " Surely you told me to como to the Btudio," said Lord Henry ; then he stepped up to her, and in a low voice said some thing, and the two walked off into the garden. " How long had he been hero ?' Lady Di. asked. "A long time," said Angelica, "ten minutes — more, I painted the heel of my Cupid's little foot again while he was here." "And you evidently suffered from his vicinity," said Mr. Boynolds smiling, "for your picture is charming ; but you will have to re-paint your Cupid's foot." "Do you really mean it? I assure you I was not thinking of anything but my work." "If I may venture to advise I should not recommend your over painting without a model;" said Mr. Boynolds, "some of the French school maintain that it is better to trust to one's own impressions ; but there I cannot agree." Angelica grew interested ; but, for tho sake of argument, she attempted to contra, diet Mr. Beynolds, and declared that the little foot was not out of drawing, but though alio contradicted, her own looks con tradicted her words as she looked up with deprocating blue eyes, knowing that people always forgave her when sho looked them iu the face. "I can only, speak from my own experi ence," said Mr. Boynolds, smiling. "Mr. Stothard, I believe, uses no models ; I may be wrong." Lady Diana saw it all. She said to herself that Angelica was a vulgar flirt, and Mr. Beynolds a vain dupo ; and then, this odd woman reproaching herself for secret feelings that sho dare not expross, said suddenly : "Because Miss Kauffmau has well shaped eyes it does not follow that you should deny what you know to be true, Mr. Boynolds ; her pictures aro out of drawing ; it is all very pretty and sentimental, but quite false to nature." Mr. Beynolds dislikod anything approach ing to a scene, and turned quietly away, and buvau to examine tho sketch of Arcadia. "My admiration and respect for Miss Kauflf- niauu's work aro too siuccre for mo to hesi tate to declare what seems to me to be its excellence, or what in it might still further be improved." < Then he stopped, and went back to the first picture again, saying, "Correctness of eye is only to be acquired by long habit, the same conduct is necessary in art .13 in language, and when anything is properly made our own it becomes part of oursolves and operates unpcrccived. We may thus exercise a kind of instinctive rectitude of. mind, which will supersede all rules." Ho 3poko quietly, continuing on purpose to give Angelica time to recover from Lady Di.'s unpro voiced attack ; he was as much annoyed with that lady as it was possible to a man of Iris gentle and controlled nature. Tho tears of vexation shining in Angel's eyes did not mend matters or soften him towards her adversary. With some sudden brightness and effort Angolica brushed them away unaffectedly, and said, " Thank you, Mr. Beynolds, you have given mo heart again, and in truth Lady Diana is not the first person who has warned me of my defects, but the others warned mo from kindness, and so did you," said the girl, turning to Lady Di. She could not bear to say an unkind word. "It was from no kindness, "said Lady Di. , turning pale ; " you are quite right, people should forbear to speak unless they aro in sympathy with thoso thoy criticise — although tlio picture is out of drawing," and sho wnlkcd out of tho room. Before Mr. Beynolds left ho fixed a day for their next meeting, and asked leavo to paint Bliss Angel's portrait. Sho delightedly agreed. It was at this time that Angelica wrote long happy letters to her father at her undo Michael's farm. When was ho coming — was Antonio with him — was ho not re joiced at his child's good fortune ? — Happy as she was sho missed him sadly at times, and longed for his paternal sympathy aud advice and help. Sho had visited many painters, Bhc told him, Mr. Cipriani among the rest; but chief of all wa3 Mr. Boy nolds, tho first painter in tho town. He has his own peculiar mannor, writes Angolica. His portraits are almost historical ; he has a flying brush (un ptncllo volatile ) she says, and a great know ledge of chiaroscuro. Then sho told her father of all tho kind things pcoplo said. Mr. Beynolds himself had asked her to paint his portrait ; those sho had executed had already given satisfaction. Lady W. had promised her letters of introduction to the Duchess of Argyll. Tho great and talented Mrs. Damcr had promised to sit. Count do Horn, wlijm thoy had known, was in London, and anxious for a portrait ; sho had hoard that the Queen herself had asked with interest concerning her. Mr. Beynolds was the kindest, tho most untiring friend. " I might indeed think too much of his kindness," wrote Angelica, " but that I linvo vowed to think only of my art, and have closed my heart to all other passions." Thore is a litllo paper still in exis tence which the girl wrote ono night in a thoughtful mood. "Not easily shall I biud myself: Borne is ever in my thoughts. Tho Holy Spirit will direct me." Then she wrote again, detailing more and more success. Tho Princess of Brunswick was in London at this time, aud had ordered a portrait of Angelica herself, and this pic ture had procured for her tho honor of a visit from the Princess of Wales, the motlior of tho King ; such an honor had never before been douo ,to any painter, writes Angelica. Now sho is beginning to put by money, now sho may think of a home for her dear father to come to, now she may begin to see licr way clearly estahl irlicd. "I I er letter?, attiiistimc," says llossi, " arc those of a person at tlic summit of tranquillity and joy. " A little later on sho tells him of a proposition of marriage and of her refusal, and it was soon after this that Mr. Fuscli left London and went abroad. But, notwithstanding these letters, old John Joseph still delayed. Poor Antonio was in despair, lfo could not afford to wait any longer for tho obstinate old man. Angelica, who had felt somewhat forlorn at times, always, brightened up alter a talk witli Mr. Beynolds. He Bpokc with all An tonio's directness and sympathy, and with authority as well. They had many long talks together ; she enjoyed her sittings very much, and spoke to him openly of all her old lifo and new hopes, in which be took unfailing interest. It was Mr. lleynold3 who first told her of the house in Golden- square in which sho afterwards Bottled, and who urged upon her the independence of a home of her own in which sho could receive her father. Sho had been longing for some word of protective admonition ; sho had an in- slinctive desire for protection, it was as necessary to bcr as liberty. Mr. Beynolds seemed to give licr more sense of case by his few kind words than did all the compliments and adulations to which sho was now so used"; sometimes unduly excited about her work, sometimes utterly depressed and hopeless, the bracing sense of tho truth as it struck another person's mind came to. licr with an unspeakable relief, not- the partial truth of adverse criticism, which is always bard to bear, but the considerate judgment of one so high in authority, of a person qualified to speak. And for him was it not a new experience of happiness to have such a sweet modol bringing new life, light, and color into his hard-working existence. " Miss Angel Fiori" is written in that book of fate his diary for tho year. He need not have written it down, his mind was full of lier and her concerns. The flowers wore for her birthday, when Lady W. had graciously promised to bring bcr to sup in Leicester Fields. They were all to assemble in Charles- Btrcot first, and go to see Mr. Garrick in Hamlet. "Make yourself beautiful, my Angel, and do not bo late," said Lady W- "Mr. Beynolds is coming." She was glad that ho was expected, and she went to dress with a light heart, fooling that friends were true, lifo was worth living, and even dress worth dressing. Miss Angel spared no pains in her attire that evening, and had shown her wit in a sacque and petti coat of white silk, resembling net-work — not unliko that ono worn by Mrs. Nol- lokcns at licr wedding. It was shot with grey and embroidered with rose-buds. The deep and pointed stomacher was pinked and gimped. Tho sleeves of this dress closoly iitted-tho arm to a little below the elbow, from which hnng three point-lace ruffles. Her neckerchief was of point, and confined by a bunch of rosebuds, and the three rows of pearls wero tied with a narrow white satin ribbon behind. Thoy were Boman poarls, but not the less becoming to her slender throat.' Her hair was piled over a cushion (cushions were rising in favor steadily year by year). She wore a small cap of .point laee to cor respond with her ruffles. Her shoes were of the saino material as her dvess, With Bristol spangles and liccls three incheB high. She came in smiling and laughing in her wildest spirits, prepared to enjoy, and to admire, and to be admired, if the truth must he con fessed. As Bhc entered the room, she saw a figure standing against the light. "Is that you, Mr. Beynolds?" she said, for sho was still thinking of him. "Have you been wait, ing long?" Mr. Beynolds was fond of speaking Italian, and often used that lan guage ; but this deep, angry voice was very unlike liis gentle tones. "I have been waiting for many weeks, and you are not yet ready for mo, I see." Surely that was not Mr. Beynolds; some ono stepped out of the shadow, and An gelica uttered a little exclamation, for Antonio's dark eyes were flashing at her, angry, happy, suspicious, melting at the sight of her again, frowning 'at her greeting. For one minute she was herself enchanted to sec her old companion, sho clapped her hands and darted up to him with a glad exclamation : " Antonio ! An- tonio ! who thought of seeing you ! My father, where is he ?" Zucclii was silent, looking at her ad miringly. He had never dreamt of her in such beauty and brilliance ; but was it in deed Angelica ? "I have broken my pro mise, Angelica ; I have como without your father," ho said at last. "But it was in vain I urged him. I should have lost my year s work had I waitod longer.. I left him ton days ago at Monbcgno ; he is well, and well cared for. . Ho will come, he says when you are in your own house. ' " So much for your promises," cried An. gel, bitterly disappointed, and unjust to poor Antonio. " You have left him, poor dear! Who is ono to trust if one cannot trust you ? you who are always warning one against others ; you, who " The door opened as she was speaking, still eager and excited, and a servant announced Mr. Beynolds, and almost immediately after LordHenry Belmore and M. Fuseli. Lady W. affected an artistic Bocicty. Sho had mot tho (TAitncr nnivitoi TOitlt flin 1 10 oil nnf 1nn/> JWUUjj (WSUVbl "IkU VMW "VUU UUV JUil before, and taken to liim, perhaps among other reasons, boenuso sho had been some what piqued by bis indifference. Mr. Beynolds was in full dress. He woro bis rod velvet court suit and bis sword. Ho came up carrying the flowers he bad ordored in tho morning, and presented them with a j'ittlo compliment full of bonhomie and grace. The expression of his face was very kind as ho bent before tho young deity at whose shri.uo they all seciued to lay down their arms. As Mr. Beynolds stepped for ward, Angelica's passing auger was dis tracted. She Bad forgotten it all ; but Antonio's heart sank with gloomy appre hension. Her anger had pained him less than her pleasure now did. Was over anyone so absurd, so proud, so neusitive as this shabby little painter ? Not Mr, Beynolds in all bis glory, not Angelica radiant and supreme, could guess tho depths of that curious nature. Angelica might bavo understood hum if she had bad time or wish to do so ; br.'t she was pre occupied, impatient ; her beautiful silk dress rustled at every step ; her many lovers and friends wore all arriving, saluting, talking, and calling her away. Tho door kept open ing, and admitting first ono person and then another. Lady W. made her state entry, followed by my lord in hi3 blue rib. boil. Ztieclii saw some of tho people present glance at him with surprise ; aud when the lady of the house entered, her look of inquiry and amazement might have disconcerted a far more experienced man of tho world than he. "This is my old friend Antonio Zncelii," said Angelica, coming forward with her quick familiar voice ; " lie came to bring me news of my father, dearest lady." Then sbo turned to him more constrainedly, for Lady W.'j somewhat liaugbty smile was still upon An tonio. "You must como to morrow morn, ing, when I am alone, Anionic, and then wo will talk over our business ;" and she held out lier hand. " Our business !" said Antonio, coldly ; " I have no business. I came as a friend to see yon ; it is time I should retiro and leave yon to your acquaintance," and ho bowed to Lady \V., not without dignity, aud then to Angel. " Will not your Mend honor me with his company to- uglit':" said Mr. Beynolds, always courteous and considerate of others, and he came forward as lie spoke. An tonio stiffly declined, made him a haughty bow, and was gene. Once out. side lie could control himself no longer. As lie ran down stairs, ho impatiently struck bis band upon liis lit ad, muttering some thing like " False ! false io himself. Jiu did not even see Lady Diana, who passed him qgj-rer Way to join the Company nml heard his word;-. As the opened the door, sho was shocked aud revolted by Angelica's gay burst of laughter- Angelica's first feeling had certainly been that of present relief. Everybody looked more at ease as Antonio left the room, and the voices rose. But although Antonio wa3 gone, he still seemed present to Angelica in some mysterious way. Diana did not know that her good spirits wore partly caused by his coming. A little later on and Angelica became a littlo distraite, and it was the Kauffman, and not Air. Beynolds, who begged for a repetition of AI. Fuseli's remark — What were they all talking about? The now erection in tlio King's . gardens at Kew ; — the Chinese tower, designed by ChamberSj aud ousting ever so many thousands. "I cannot say I admire it, " said Mr. Beynolds. " We aro dwellers in Loudon, and not at Pokiu." " But wo drink Bohea out of Chiiia cups ; we wear brocades and crapes fioui China,' said Angelica ; and she held up ono of the long luosc sleeves. "Aud we, madam, are certain to he charmed by anything you choose to wear or to do," said Mr. Beynolds, bowing again ; " but you did not erect the Chinese tower." Arr. Garrick was acting Hamlet that night in powder and court dress, facing the in finite in a periwig, and treading the great globe of life in paste shoo buckles. There was something magnetic iii the night, misty a3 it was, with vapors enclosing the theatre and oreepiug iu from outer door ways, and veiling the brilliant charms of the ladies present ; the rouge on their cheeks, tho pretty crimsoned lips. Then the great play itself seemed to spread and spread and drive out all other impressions. It wis not only on the stage that it was being acted. Chapter XII. — " Hamlet." Garrick was not generally liked in the part of Hamlet; but to-night the plcy seemed to grow aud grow, to become the life of those human beings all assembled there; thoy were como together to see a play, to laugli at one another, and make signs and- to admire and criticise, but they remained to listen to the socrets of their lives unfolded. Garrick's faithful adorer, Miss Hannah More, sat palpitating iu a box by Airs. Gar rick's side. Znccki was in tho pit; he knew none of the people; he had heard them talking; lie, too, had como to the theatre; he was looking for one face which had not yot appeared. In a stage-box sat tho shabby and noble figure of a man, with a seamed aud benevo lent countenance, and by bis side an intel ligent little forretty person, peeping for ward to get a better view of the audience. "They're come, sir," he said, "the whole party ; they have secured two excellent boxes. Thero is Mr. Beynolds and Fitseli, and there is the fair observed of all ob servers. Air. Beynolds has not invited me to sup with him to-night. I hear he is giving a great festivity ; you, of course, are privi leged." "There is no privilege, Sir, in being ad mitted to a house whore friendship has esta- blished a right of way," said the big, shabby man. ".But to-night I shall refrain ; Air. Boynolds is not unbiassed by the transient influences of those inferior to him in intcl. lect. Alias is far 'moro reliable : she would make my tea undisturbed by any oircum- stances." Air. Boswell was craning to got a good view of tho "transient influences" now sur rounding Air. Beynolds. Lovely, smiling, splendid Lady AV. bad never looked, moro stately and beautiful than she did that night. Her charms seemed diffused somehow, and she and Angelica sat opposite like two mirrors reflecting ono another. A summer, a spring blooming in brightness, their fans waved. The flowers seemed to fill tbe box, Even Lady Diana looked her best. Mr. Boswell thon discovered Dr. Burnoy and his daughter iri another part of the theatre. "Mrs. Thralo should not have been absent on such a night as this," he re. marked. Dr. Johnson again rebuked him, and, as usual, Air. Boswell listened with the greatest attention and deference, sometimes adding a start as if to add emphasis to his respect. The play began, and even Dr. Johnson was silent. In great acting there is some subtle mea sure impossible to describe, sometimes pass, ing in certain harmony, and that night, when Hamlet stood upon the stage, a mys terious intelligence not to be explained seemed certainly and at once to flash be tween him and his audience. Tho plaim commonplace-looking man became instantly, and without effort tho master of all these splendid people who were watching him. It was as if he were tho pulse that flowed through their veins. This hour was his own, 03 this mood was his, to which he gave the note, the time, the life almost. How nobly lie stands listening, while the poor Ghost moans its awful plaint ! Hamlet's beautiful voice seemed to strike homo to every heart when he answered m clear tran quil tones. Then rise passion and remorse, and woes thicken as tho play goes on, and the notes come full and dull with passion, aud the words seem to break hounds and jar and clang. Is the noble prince maddened as he turns in heart scorn, rending and railing at all tho3Q ho has loved and trusted hitherto? Through this storm of shaken life comes poor Ophelia, wandering forlorn and help less. Airs. Addington was not acting that night, but a young actress whose utter simplicity and sweetness touched them all. "1 did love you once," said Hamlet. "Indeed, my lord, you made mo believe so," says Ophelia. " Got tlice to a nunnery," he cries, re morselessly, carried far beyond the mood of love, but touder still, oven at this moment, when a swerving ' finite nature is suddenly brought to faco tho infinite truth, as it lies between tliera, awful, inevitable. The scone was so tender, so inexpressively sad and despairing, it rai3ed all tho audiouco out of thoir petty chatter aud racket of snuffboxes. Aliss Hannah burst into tears. "Was some groat power thero among thom all alive aud speaking by the mouth of this littlo David again ? It was a relief to evoryone when Every day came in once more, and the players ill's tract the jarred soul, and bring bim back for an liour into common words and daily life. "Mr. Garrick outdoes himself to-night," said "Air. Boswell. "Sir," said bis tutor, "you mean that Garrick outdoes your preconceived opinion of bis powers. He has played bis part with memory. He is a good repeater of other men's words." But when Air. Beynolds came into the box presently, and made some slight objection to nome detail of Hamlet's performance, tbe old man rose np in wrath. "Lot me tell you, sir, that David is a genius, his fame is prodigious: his excellence as .1:1 actor is universally acknowledged. He is more likely to be correct than you are. Ho .leaves nothing to. chance ; every gesture every word is matured in Iris closet." Air. Beynolds did not stay to argue the matter ; he has left a record of some Such dialoguo with his old friend. He was iu hoatu to return to his companions. It was not only Airs. Hannah More whose tears llo-ncil that evening. For little An gelica tin: doom of. the inevitable seemed to strike ah uosi for the first time. The knell sounded iu her ears, poor ux>liclia's story seemed so unutterably sad. " How could he leave h«;.r?" she said ; ' ' Ob, bow could he leavo bcr'?" and she turned to Air. Bey: nulds and then laughed and tried to wipe away her tours. "I am ashamed," she sobbed, all co.ufused. "Alight I be per- mitted to retire to the back of the box ?" She moved her cliair as she spoke. Both Air. Beynolds and Air. Fuscli came forward together, and each on either side held out a hand to assist her. Angelica half hutched, and looked from one to the other gaily through her passing tears ; sho put out her two little hands aud raised herself with the help of both the g.ntlcmcn. Some one in tbe pit, who had been look ing on, turned very pale and made a furious indignant movement. "How angry that man looks," said a casual spectator to bis companion, "Is he not a countryman of yours. Air. Cipriani ?" "Aly countrymen are apt to look angry wkou they are vexed," said Air. Cipriani, He wns a dark- eyed man with a long nose and a brown face full of refinement and in telligence. " Your countrymen take life more calmly, Mr. Nollekens," ho added, laughingly. . "That man is frowning at Alias ICauff- mann up among her flue birds. Aly heart, how she seems to bo carrying on witli Air. Beynolds !" said Mr. Nollekens. " Sho is of a gay and innocent temper, and thiuks not of evil tongues," said Mr. Cipriani kindly. " She" has real talent, sho brought me some drawings yesterday." 