WHAT ltGME DID FpR SCOTLAND. 1 From titer Protestant Advocate: Jo : I We have. read. /with". , sufpn.se/. the' .statement which the ,Rev.rP. Maclarerijis reported to, have made in 'the course.of" a lecture delivered, at St. Andrew's Church oil Monday last, that the Church-of. Rome1 had- been the great civiliser of Scotland, the' patron, of. the fine arts, the ex perimental agriculturist of, the country, and the educator/bf the .people'/ Writers who Jlived in "Scotland in. the Days of Queen Mary," and ,wh6se works are still extant, are at issue with Mr.' Maclaren' on ''this question. / They state that so far from being the great civiliser of the 'country/ the Church of Rome was the one great stumbling block in its road to progress — "that instead of educating the people the Church's 'efforts were all directed to the prevention of the spread of knowledge, and that in consequenco the great mass of the population were sunk in the lowest depths of ignorance. In no, country were the Romish clergy more ignorant or more depraved than in Scotland at the period mentioned by Mr. Maclaren. "Their filthy lives pollute the air," said John Knox, and of the truth of the Reformer's assertion we have abundant evidence in the poems of Sir David Lyndsay, and the works of other writers of the period. Sir David Lyndsay is the " Lord Lyon King at Arms " of Sir Walter Scott's "Marmion," and spent much of his life at the Scottish Court. Mr. David Laing, one of the editors of Lyndsay's poems, says, that he "ex poses, with great truth and boldness, the pre vailing disorders, the usurpations of the nobles, the party factions and family feuds which 'divided the country, and the licentious lives and ignorance of the clergy," and that his satirical writings had a powerful effect in preparing the minds of his countrymen, "by his exposure of the manifold errors and corruptions of Popery, for the final triumph of the Reformation. Lyndsay's first poem, " The Dreme," was pub lished in 1528 ; his second, "The Complaynt to the King," in 1529. From it we extract the following lines, which we give exactly as they appear in Mr. Laing's edition of the poet's . works. Of the Romish Bishops, he sayB : — ; ; " Son syne they may nocht thole the lycht Of Christis trew Gospell to be sene, So blyndit is their corporal een . . ... . With worldly lustis sensuall ; Taking in realme3 the governall, I Baitfi gyding Court and Sessioun, Contrar to their profession ; . Quhareof I think they sulde have schame,' ! > Of Spiritual priestis to take the name . "J , : i Further on he says So there is nought I understand, , . ,'il j j /// Without good order in this land, . . - j . Except the Spiritualtie. ,.// „ In "Kittie's Confession," a poem of, some- ,-; what later date, Lyndsay satirizes the ignorance, . I nnrl wnvl/llinoQa nf f.VtA oIavwi? +Tma r «4 VUW V»V4Jj V > . ' ' . " He me absolvit for ane plack, ; Though he no price with me would mak ; And mickle Latin did he mummle, - ; ' I heard no thing but hummil-bummil. I : ' - . ' He shaw showed) mo nought of Goddis word '' Whilk which sharper is than any sword, j And deep into our hearts does prent print; -' Our sin wherethrough we do repent. , He put me nothing into fear, , ..a Wherethrough I should my sin forbear ; ' ' ' - r He shaw me not the malediction tl'5. , j Of God for sin, nor the affliction, d!h i And in this life the great mischief ; - - : a<a ' ' i Ordained to punish lemon and thief ; ' /// i> Nor shaw he me of hellis pain, . i -1 ; That I might fear, and vice refrain. .d.ro'iv.' , /He counselled me not to abstene . aiiu ieau a uoxy jliio uuu cieuu. u-' mi:). Of Christis blaod nothing he knew, ";;i ' .-id? ,.> ; Nor of His promises full true, , izqeT.stl-i That savis all that will believe, . ,.! That Satan shall us never grieve. '( " He teachit me not for toust \ ; :: iMi ' ' The comfort of the Holy Ghost ; i d t jk: He bade me not to Christ be kind — ..m . ; j: To keep the law with heart and mind, i , And love and thak His great Mercie, H ir,voU! From sin and hell that saved me, r: And love my neighbor as mysel, . ; . Of this no thing he could me tell, v ; . "i: . ti ' L : But gave me penance ilk ane day every day 4. /. M Ane Ave Maria for to say, '.i.'i? .fcvi And Fridays five no fish to eat, But butter ane eggs are better meat, o.i !; And with ane plack to buy ane messe . From drunken Sir John Latinless. ; ' There is much more in the same strain to be ' found in the poems, but the passages we have : quoted will suffice to show that the clergy of' that day by no means deserve the good character: given to them by Mr. Maclaren. ' A Female Captain. — A vessel which lately arrived at New York brought the intelligence that the barque Rebecca Crowell, which left New York on March 6 for Buenos Ayres, be came disabled during a severe gale, three days after leaving New York. Several of the spars and sails were carried away, and the Captain, and first mate were injured to such an extent that they were confined to their berths through out the rest of the voyage, and rendered in- I capable of managing the vessel. There was no other person on board, except the captain's wife, , who understood navigation, and she undertook the task of conducting the barque to its point of destination. The second mate was a young man twenty years old, able to take the helm, but ignorant of the process of making observa tions. The woman then assumed the command of the vessel, took observations, ascertained the latitude and longitude, maintained her place upon the bridge, and directed the course of the vessel. After exercising control for fifty-eight days, during which the ship encountered violent galet and shipped heavy seas, the captain's wife, worn out and exhausted with her labours, con ducted the vessel, with its valuable cargo, safely into the port of Buenos Ayres. A purse was made up for her on her arrival. ' v A Calikohnian paper says : — The milkmen of San Francisco have formed a mutual aid association.; One holds the can while another r pumps. , 