Hlisi» Ansel.* BY Misa TUACKLHAÏ. Cn AMER IX.-CONTINUED. The sun had come out and the clouds had dis- .nnearetl: a sort of dimmed brightness was 'everywhere on the sea. On the village, in a .Uttle smiling grove beyond a wall where a small cato swung upon its hinges, Miss Angel went up an iivenuo of lemon and olives, and breathed the sweet morning pastoral silence. Close at Land was an old ivy-grown well. She sat down, resting upon the margin. The pt etty pensive fietire itself was not unsuggestive, looking thoughtfully down into the water. Her heart beat with hope, with a sort of romantic delight and sweet absurdity. Some peasants passed ; a woolan carrying n load of leaves and tendrils of -vines, and driving a beautiful white cow with fong arched horns. Then came the shepherd, followed by some coats trotting with tinkling bells, and, lastly, -two little children, with goat-skin coats ; one ¿ad her hand full of unripe olives. The youngest was carrying something held carefully against its little breast. Tho child looked up with two wild eyes at tho pretty lady leaning against the old iron crank of the well. Something in her look invited his confidence, and he held up a little dead bird as he passed. " ANTiat are you going to do with it ?" Angel asked, kindly. "AVe are going to dig a grave," said tho child. >' It is dead," aud the little thing walked ou with careful steps. AVhen Mrs. Angelica KauShiiimi sent her picture to Maiden Lane, it was somewhat pomp- ously entitled "Shepherd and Shepherdess in Arcadia, moralising at the side of a sepulchre, while others are dancing in tho distance ;" but ¡t wies soino vague romombrauco of that morning dream which first suggested it to her. She is not the only dreamer to whom Arcadia has been revealed. Mightier dreams Ulan hers have reached that mystic country. .-J'Auch ich in Arkadien," writes Gothoasa ihotto to his Italian journey. " Fit in Arcadia ego " Sir Joshua has painted on a tomb, in the background of a smiling picture. "What can this mean?" says Dr. Johnson, looking at it ; " it seems very noaensical. I am in Arcadia." " Tho King could have told you," says the painter ; " he saw it yesterday, and said at once, ' Ay, ay ! Death is even in Arcadia.' " After all, Arcadia would be a sorry, stagnant sort of place without its tomb- stones. There is stiuttich in life which is death. Tho fulness of life itself is a sort of death, of change, of absorption. There is death to evil les well as to gooil, death to pain, to dulness, and to death itself ¡ when with a sudden uplifting of heart iu the fulness of time, Faith and Hopo seom at last to overflow the barriers that divide. CHAPTER. X. TIII; ni:xTr.uiiAx'!> JIAOAZINI: FOB 1700. To read of the .times when Miss Angel came to take up her abode among us is like reading the description of a sort of stately ballet or court dance. Good manners had to be performed iu those days with delibérate dignity. There is a great deal of saluting, and snuU'-taking, com- plementing and exclaiming ; people advanced and retreated bowing to the ground and balanc- ing themselves on their high heels. AVith all tho dignity there is also a great deal of noiso, shunting mid chattering. There are runners with torches, splendid footmen in green aud golden liveries surrounding my lady's chair. The King of Denmark is entertained in splen- did fashion. The Princess of Brunswick visits England. Cornelly lights np Soho-sqiiaro with wax candles, while highwaymen bang in chains upon Hie gallows in distant dark countiy roads. Our j'oung King George is a bridegroom, lately crowned, with this powdered and lively kingdom to rule, and Charlotto Regina to he!;- him. There are groat big coaches in the streets, aud Mr. Reynolds' is remarked upon with all its (ino panels ; but Cecilia can still send for a chair when she wishes to be carried to Raker-street ; Vauxhall is in its glory and lights up its bowers. Dr. Burney gives musical parties. The cards fly in circling pucks ; the povvdcr-puil's rise in clouds ; bubbles burst. The vast Company journeys on its way. In and out of society golden idols aro raised ; some fall down and worship, others burst out laughing. Some lie resting in their tents, others are weeping in the the desei t. Pro-omineiit among tho throngs one mighty shade passe? on its way. Is it a pillar of cloud sent to guide tho straggling feet of the weary Î From the gloom lla human sympathy not unspoken. How many of us still wandering impatient might follow that noble hypochondriac, nor be ashamed of our leader. He walks along, uncertain in his gait, striking alternate lamp-posts, an uncouth figure in soiled clothes, splendid-hearted, with generous help for moro than olio unhappy traveller lying wounded by the roadside. Do we not read how noble Johnson stoops and rni-es the prostrate form upon his shoulders, and staggers home to his own house. Ho has not evan an ass to help him to bear tho burdon. The first time that Angelica saw him, she was in her dream of preoccupation and happiness aud excitement ; wore the thieves about her even then I The second time she was alone and in sorrow, breaking hor sad heart and despairing. Then carne to her the shabby foot bringing good tidings, the deo]) and truthful voice speaking strange comfort, the kind hands raising lier and giving the balm of hope renewed to her bruised soul. Sir Joshua might assist a friend in sorrow, but he could not give comfort, for he did not realise as Johnson did the depths to which a human heart may sink. Meanwhile Angelica laughs and holds her own. Her thieves, if thieves they are, aro well-man- nered ones ; they pay bur compliments, bring her tickets and flowers, invite her to dance and to sing and to all sorts of pleasant things, and ask to have their poi traits taken ulong with their betters. How was she to know them from her real friends ; How was sho to believe those who warned her 'Í 11er very power over others blinded her to their faults, she could make peoplo channing and kind by her own gaiety of heart and out-going grace. She had not seen very much of tho worldly world as yet. Everything was new aud full of x interest. She watched nil tho figures go by, but she had no clue by which to form oome judg- ment, and with one.accord Angelica's compli- mentary cotemponiries united to ihu/le and to blind her. If you had heard the babble of the stream as it passed by Angel's not unwilling cars, the compliments, the half-truths, the ex- aggerations, you would have forgiven her for believing not nil but too much of what she heard. Compliment» were as much part of the manner of the time as the snuff mid the powder puffs. Miss Bm noy's diary gives one a specimen of the good-natured exaggeration. "The sweetest book !" crie3 Mrs. Thralc ; "the moat interesting ! the most engaging ! oh, it beats every other book I" " The most elegant novel I ever read in my life ! such a style," says Lady Sayo and Sele. Then Mr. Soamo Jenyens breaks forth in a higher strain : " All creation is open to the authoress ; no human being who ever began that book had power to put it down." Even Miss Burney in her usual modest confusion feels that this is almost beyond her deserts ; and takes refuge with the old housekeeper who is conimg to the door, and exclaims to her mistress, Ah ! madam, how happy aro you to have Minerva in the hou»e." . . Angel was not Minerva only, but all tho heathen cuvimties combined 'with all Christian graces, a sort of combiuatiou of Muses and A'irtues, ac- cording to her admirers, or brilliant talents, or mvohty and heartless flirtation, according to her enemies. And Angelica herself ? She never 'nought about herself,'but gratefully accepted Kindnes«, hoped, loved, believed, was happy, was «userable, without much method, innocent and Uliresentiug. Rossi describes Angelica at this «me "g not ve]y taU o{ 8tnture; but o£ gUgllt well- proportioned figuro ; she had a dark clear complexion, a gracious mouth, wltite and equal teetli, well-marked features/ Above all, he says, "er azure eyes, so placid and so bright, charmed you with an expression it is impossible to write ; «mess yo» had kuovvu her you could not under ' .?,, w el°quent were her looks. II Ranolds" painted her, continues old «ossi, arid Bartolozzi engraved the picture, and sue painted herself many times. Sometimes l>iucSLi1hIJt,i0f reP».ul«l'U!g "illa Aural", lins been 'Wftai*" by the proprietor« of, The euceiulaiufai-. . she painted herself happy and brilliant, some- times old and sad. There is one picture in the dress of her country, when the dimness of life and its troubles had passed over her path ; it is all marked upon her face in sail and noble lines that detract from her beauty. The house in Charles-stiect stood in a little park or garden, which had huon deserted for many months ; while the house was closed, and the inhabitants were basking in brighter horisons than that of Berkely Squiiie. Lady AV-had given Angelica two little rooms on tho ground floor. The larger and darker was to servo as a bed-room ; the second, with its glass doors and delicate inlaid chimney*, was to be her working place for the present. As soon as she had made her way iu the London world, and had earned a little money to start with, she was to bo established in a studio of her own ; but hero for the present Angelica was well content to put up her canvases, and to begin work the very first morning after her arrival. She was not particu- lar, and she could contentedly settle down in one corner or another. If this one had been a little larger it would have suited her porfectly. Tho garden itself was greon and neatly kept. Lord AA'-had a turn for such arrangements. There was a sort of terrace work that ian round the house, and led to the bench beneath the trees. They were shady enough, and flourishing, notwithstanding London smoke. Light mists and drifts fiom the square passed across the garden. Sometimes bright skies lit up overhead, with a different quiver, indeed, to that thrill of azure life Angel was used to, but they shone as English skies should shine, veiled only by rain giving clouds and gentle practical mists. " A'ou must uinke yourself at home, child," said Lady AV. kindly, as she took her into the room. " Call for what you want-Sirs. Betty will attend upon you. A'ou can receive j*our sitters in this outer room. A'our good fairy, you see, has planned it all. Do you think you shall be happy hero ?" she said, looking at her steadily. " A'es, indeed I" said Angelica, takiug her hand, and kissing it gratefully. " I think }*ou are a good creature," said Lady AA'., with a sort of suppressed sigh. "I know not why I should think so. I have been dis- appointed over and over again." So sho went away, leaving her poor little protege somewhat perplexed as to what mysterious fidolity was ex- pected of her. I don't behove, to tell the truth, that Lady AA'. knew very well herself ; but as other people before her, sho wished everybody to bo and to do what she desired for them, and when thoy, naturally enough, went their own way, she considered herself deceived, and dis- appointed, and ill-treated by fate. She wits not happy with all her possessions. Perhaps for great and small ladies, too, there is no lesson more difficult to learn than that of being con- tented and hnppy with the happiness and in- terests that happen to full to each lot. AN'e aro willing to accept this event which does not belong to our history, that friend who does not need our regard-tho interest or occupation which is the share of somebody olso ; but our own talents, it must be confessed, we often gladly put away in' their napkins. Lady AA'. was a mysterious woman. She was good- natured, self-absorbed, wanting she knew not what. Sho look to people with great fervor for a time, then perhaps her expectations grow unreasonable, and her best and kindest nature being wounded, her selfish and colder feelings carno to add to the confusion. It is certainly trying to live with this nice of self-made doini-gods and goddesses. Angelica found, however, that Lady AV. meant to leave her very freo to lead her own life. I ter breakfast was brought to her in her room. Until dinner, which was at 8, she had her time absolutely to herself, and the sacrificial rites to Vanity were only performed of an evening. It is certain that a studio has a charm of its own which it is scarcely possible to account for, no matter how shabby, how baro it may be ; there is the easel, the puro light shining upun it ; there is the painter reproducing your dream or his. Angelica's littlo oval studio was a fit setting to her inspirations. Nymphs seemed to be waiting upon the terraces, heroes were crossing the paved hall or mounting the arched staircase outside that led to Lady AN'.'« receiving rooms ; and, besides these visionary interests, Angelica was not insensible to pleasures of actual manipu- lation, to the friendly mesmerism of her brush travelling across the canvas, her colors lying on tho palette, to the actual charm of her work, its tools and practice. Perhaps authors may hitvo the same feeling when tiley sit down to a convenient table and find the faithful pen thal has so patiently attended their flights and falls lying ready for use. She could hardly paint for excitement. She tried the first morning, however, to turn her mind to her " Arcadia," and began to sketch it upon the canvas, but it wies in vain ; she could not applj', and no wonder, for all London seemed to come between her andhertranquiiitj*. To her great relief and satisfaction the door opened at last, and Lady AV. caine into the painting- room. " Now, my sweet KauHinaini ; leave your work," she cried. " Come, child, como ! I have ordered the coach. 1 am dying to take you to call at Mr. Reynolds'." " Sweet Kaufl'mann," without an instant's hesitation, lay down her palette and tripped into the noxtroom to get ready. She found that Sirs. Betty was waiting there by her mistress' orders with a pretty and mysterious garment for Angelica to wear upon this great occasion. The waiting woman tried it on ; the j'oung girl looked at her- self in the dim mirror, pushing back her lace. The glass reflected the pretty figure, the black silk shoes, the sprightly hands. Lady AV. was pleased with Angelica's artless pleasure in her new Fiench hood. But Bite hurried her impatiently. " He goes out early. Como ! do not let us delay. Now it is my turn to take you to seo picturos," said Lady AA'. They had not far to go. The great coach turned the corner, crossed Piccadilly, tinned up by Leicester Fields, of which one side was open in those days, and stopped at the door of ii com foi'tnble-Iookiug house. " Mr. Reynolds was not at home ; Miss Reynolds was engaged," the servant said. Lady AA'., much disappointed, cast a glauco at Angelica. " Might wo no1 go in t" said Angelica ; and Lady AA'. immediately swept into the hall, desiring the servant to lead them to the studio. The dining-room door was open on one side of tho hall, the staircase led to a long broad gallery, carpetee! and hung with pictures, mid opening into the studio. There wore sofas and comfortable fires burning ; the gallery was evidently used as a sort of sitting-room. There was a spinet in a recess, and a child's doll sitting bolt upright upon the Ëeys. AVith shy, curious eyes Angelica looked about, iioticingcvcrytliingwithsupprcssed ¡utere3t. AA'hat dignified personages are these hanging to the walls Í A picture wies leaning against the back of a chair just outside the studio door, and it attracted Angelica. It was the portrait of a young mau, iu a crimson military coat, with gold embroidery, powdered hair, and a very gentle and charming face. CHAPTER XI. PENI-LUÍ A'or.ANTE. " THAT is Sally Lennox, and that is her cousin," said Lady AA'., pointing with her fan to ti figure in a picture in which Juno and the Graces had taken mortal shape, surely the most graceful and beautiful of the day. Libations were flowing, and tranquil altars to beauty were raised in shady groves by the courteous painter. As a contrast to the dream, a reality was hanging opposite. The portrait of a man with a squint, saturnine-looking face, a long, lean figure. " What an ugly fellow !" cried Angelica, gaily, standing on tiptoe to look; "he is much too ugly to be so well painted. I wonder he does not frighten those beautiful ladies away." " That, madam, is Mr. AA'ilkos, the celebrated patriot," said an attendant, who had followed them. The man was an Italian half-secretary, half-assistant, to Mr. Reynolds. " This is the well-known Colonel Barre," he continued, and he pointed out another long, lean form, in a military coat. On the opposite side of tho gallery smiled two chai-mittg persons who will hold their graceful place in life, while Sir Joshua'B eera and lacea and olios (us he notes them in his Diary) still exist. AVhen these particles are dispersed into space the names of the beautiful actresses will still remain associated with his art ; Clarinda, as she writes herself on his list of sitters, is charm , ing Miss Clive ; and Mr?. Abington is alsohere, Bmiling and gracious, and forgetting the irrita- tion caused by Oarrick's wrongs towards ber. The attendant told Angelica that the portrait of the ) otmg illieei «v a» that of ) oung Ml Yndi c ' He lnjiiht g mc into the um), -ud the min, " mil the pictuie l» foi him to gi\e ti his tnotlici Yli Rev nolds told nie it w is the like ne-s of the uniform th it the ) oung gentleman w les specially uiMous about Most of the (unshed pictmes vvcie hung ni the gallci) In the studio w el c only tho-oupon winch the paintci w es engaged It w is a good sized loom, with a window high up in the wall, and ii high inised clian foi sitteis Angelica stn ted i npidl) foi w in d " 1 his light is excellent, s]ie cNclumcd , " I never saw it so ai i mged liefoi c ' She also looked w ith i e\ ci once at the palettes with then wooden Ii mdles, ntthe gi cat pencils with thou long stocks, and then she buddenl) spiaug up into the sittei s ellan She was still pcieheil theic when the niiotei of tho house himself walked in, and aftei one surpnsed glance, mule his obeismce to Lady Y\' This lidy hail thiowu her»ilf into a graceful attitude, and stood le innig igiunst the sido of the gie it chin She bent hu he id, graciously composed, while ALgclici, m some confusion, caine down fioul her ln0h perch Mi Reynolds came foi H aid, dies=cd m Ins N oh ct co it and w ith i b tg w ig, ho w is of middle »i/e, and looked y oung foi Ina ago , he w is a little deaf, but in those da) s in pi mite he needed no ti limpet, hu clcai c)es shone with placid benov olonce undoi then falling lids He had seined lips, mobile and sensitive His voico was smgiilnily pleasant os he "poke "I have bi ought you-guts» who this is tint I liavo hi ought} ou, LidyYV said, continuing to look so elim ming henolf that the puntal could onl) linke niothei low bow and sa), " Y'ou li nu bi ought mc o vision of Paiiiili»c, mail im M\ pool place seems illumined b) such gi icious upp u ltions lam soil),' he con tinned, "to have been out when you um ed I hnd been sent foi to i fneild in difhculties, who idds to mine by taking up time th it might have been bettei spent YY'as not my sistoi hcio to nttend iqion } on ' ' "Mi's Re)nolds was notdicssed,' sudYIaiclu, the outspoken ittendant " she begged mo to m ike her excuses Sho w os in no fit state to ippeai Mi Reynolds tin ned aw a), ind began to point out the pictmes Angelica looked, listened, md thnlled with udiiiiiotiou and lovcience Once lui mug lound, the paintci mot tho e\pressi\c Hash ot Jioi eagei eyes How ditleient was that luiguogo fioui the languid, fine lid), cnticisni to which he was now hudened Something told him that tins was no oi dimity visitoi, that one instant s glance betw ceil tho tw o s ud mol o th in half a do/on coinmoinpl ices nitei eli ingcd 1 fe stopped shoi t as he w es w dking by 1 ntl) W "Y'ou have not )ct niti iduccd me to youl filend, he sud ' Can this be indeed " he UM lied it Angelica cm lousl) and kindl) " Yes, tins is Miss Kaulliiiaiin, saul I id) Y\r " You li x\c found hci out it last Did I say one wold too much * she asked, smiling He did not aiisw ci du eetl) " YY'ill you houoi mc b) pu nutting i visit to youi studio to monow morning f bind the gi eat paintci to the qiiiiiimg, smiling, churning, little pomtet m hei pi etty quaint di ess Hie bafcin ti miuiuigs glisloned ni tho sloping light of the high window, the hDht jiibl caught the tilín of hci white tin out and the shining pen Is Ytis Bett) had looped in hci han The puntei s kind glances seemed also to simio, Angelic i thought, mid she blushed up with innocent pleisuic Mi Ro)nolds nccomp lined them coi i nioniousl) to the dooi of bei house As the) descended the pietty old tin nmg st incise Angel wiesiiiniibcd to soo i little liguic mapped in n »oit of cloak appealing in a doolwa)-a little middle aged lady, who ad\ meed toniuds them, but then seeing tint Mi Roy nolds w is thcie, vanished again with o\tiaoidiuai) telcnty " To moi i ow . Do not fui us, f Use mun, saul Lad) YYr, holding up hu mitten Ihen she isked casinll} Mhothoi loidHeni) had silo«n Mi Ro) nolds Ins liest attempt "Shocking daubs, aie tltoy not Í said I id) Y\T, with a soit of foi ted laugh, billilli ev peneuccd paintci HUSH el ed giavel) that time w as mci it in them not to bo passed ov el "1 hcio I Is ho not churning'' cued Lad) YY', as they drove oil ni the gi oat coach, ' I told )ou bo It is dccicid m tho bo ik of f itc And ill the w i) homo L lily YY' H ib lim bnghtoht and most tim ming self All that afternoon and e\ clung »he loaded hoi ;>i ok /e with kindness md pi etty speeches Lad) Di, who was it g rod M oin in at heut, but not moic pel feet than hei iici"hb n s, beg m to feel c\ cn mole pioiokcd and iiuli0niuit Ullin usual An gelira, who had tried in \ nu to conciliate her at lu st, now icceptcd open wai fin e, and it over) new compliment looked lound in childish glic to see how Duna fi owned I hen eaiiiu Lud Henry, joining in with hib cousin, Lad) \\\ , and echoing hci woids Hi called himself apission ite admirer of ai t, md it w is f i oin lum th it Lidy YY' hld le tint to Uko lu mtcicst m piolín us, th il is to say, ni the pastels and tho copies, and the copies of copies, tint Lou! Henry affected Next morning, ti ne to his appointment, Mi Reynolds w ilked acioss to Bcikeley Squ ne, and found the tw o 1 ulu » of the house standing look- ing out by the gate of the puk "Miss huilhiiaim is it home in her pointing room " Come tins w i), ' sud Lady YV " Let us take her by sill prise, you ein entöl by the glass door Hie sin pi lsc was veiy »holt, for Angelica was listening to c\ ery footstep Once she thought Yli Reynoldb had como, but it w is only Lind Hciny Belmoio who, nitlici to her anno)ance, asked leave to wait in hci studio foi Lidy YV, with whom ho was going out She let bim sit down whci c he would, md went on with hei painting Then cune more steps on the ten ice Hld voices, and Angelica looked up, blushed, and spuing to the open w lndow lins time bhe saw tho poison «ho was Halting foi so impatiently 'Hcio is a fuend, ' Bald Lad) Y\r, is they c une in, then hci voice eli mged, " Hem ), } ou here . MC weie waiting foi you outside" "Sin ely you tild mo to come to the stn ho, ' said Loid Hemy , then he stepped up to hei, and in o low \ouc tiud something, and the two walked off into the gaiden " Hon long lind lie boen here ' Lady Di nJied "A long time, said Angelica, "ten minutes -more, I painted tho hcol of my Cupid s little foot agnn while ho was hore And you evidently sufleied ii oin. Ins vicinity, saul Air Reynolds, smiling, "for youi pictuie is cumming, but you will have to io point your Cupid s foot ' "Do yon i cully mean it ? I assme you I was not thinking of any thing, but my work "If I may N entino to oduso I should not recommend youi evei pnintnigwithotita model, said Ylr Reynolds, "some of the Tiendi school uinmtain that it is bettei to trust to one s ow n unpresMons but theic I cannot n^icc Angelica gi ew nitei ested , but, for the sake of aigument, she attempted to conti idiot Mi Reynolds, and decloicd that tho little foot w is not out of dnivvmg, but th jugh sha contridictcd, her own looks contiadictcd hei words as she looked up with deprecating blue eyes, knowing that people alwnys forgave Tier when she looked them m tho face "I can only speak fiom m) own experience," said Ylr Hey nolds, »miling " Mr Stothord, I believe, uses no models , I moy be wiong" Lady Di ma saw it all She said to herself that Angelica was a vulgar flirt and Mr Re) nolds a vam dupe , and then, this odd woman re pro tching herself foi seo et feelings that she dare uot express, s ud suddenly " Because Miss Kauflmann has well »huped eyes it does not follow that you should don) what you know to be true, Ml Rey nolds , hei pictures are out of drawing, it is allvci) pretty and sentimental, but quite false to n iture ' Mr Re) nolds disliked anything appi o tching to a scene, and turned quietl) iway, and begun to examine the sketch of Arcadia " 11} idmi rotion and respect foi Miss Kauûinanns work are too sincere for mc to hesitate to deel u o what sccma to mo to bo its excellence, or what m it might still fm ther be improved " Then he stopped, and w ent back to the first pictuie again, sa)mg, "Correctness of e)e is only to be acquired by long habit, the same conduct is neces«aiy m oi t as m 1 inguago, and when anything is pioperly made oui owuitbe comes part of oursehes ind operates unperceived YVe mil) thus exercise a kind of instinctive rectitude of mind, which w ill supersede all rules He spoke quietly, continuing on pin pose to give Angelica time to recovei from Lady Di's unprovoked attack, ho was as much annoyed with that lady as it was possible for a man of his gentle and controlled temper. lite tens of vcxttion slumiij, m Angils e}cs did not meiiil miitteis cn »often lum t w uds her idveisai} AN lth sonn sud len bii,litnc s ind eliott Angelica biu-Oicd tliL.ui an i\ un iflectcdh, and Mid,' lbaiik jon, Ml Rev Hold , you hive given me hcirt igaui, nul m ti nth Lui} Dunn is not the mat pet son who ins wai ned mo of ni} defects, but the otheis wai ned me fiom kindness, and so did you,' sud tho gul, titi nmg to Luly Di She could no1 ben to sly m unkind vvoul "It was fiom no huitines«, «aid 1 id} Di, lui nmg pale, "}ou ire quite light, people should forbeti to spe ik unless the} ne m synipitlij with those they cutiuse-ilthottgh the pictme is out of diawing, md she w liked out of the loom Before Ali Rcj nolds left, lie fixed t daj foi thou next meeting, ind asked leave to paint Miss Angels poiti tit. She delightedly, igteed It wies it this time that Angelic i vvtotc long hippy letters to bet f ilhet ithei uncle Altchiel's faun AN hen vi is he co nmg-n is Antonio with hull-w is lie not tcjoiccd ni his childs good foi tune'-li tppj as bhe we-, she missed lum stdlj at times, and longed foi lus patentai sj uip ithj and ndv ice and help She li id v lsited muir} puntéis, sho told bun, Ali Cipinunniong the test , but chief of ill was Ali lie} nolds, the fust ptintei m the town He his hei omi pecuh u ni umci, w t ttcs Angehet 11 is poi ti nits nie almost histoiictl he Ins a ll}iug biush (nu jiuiello lo/anhj she stjs, m I a gi o it know ledge of ilaaioscmo llicn she told bet fathei of ill the kind things people sud Ali h cj nolds himself Ind asked hei t > punt lus parti ut those she hid executed hid ah cid} given s itisf ictiou 1 Lad} A\' hidpioinisod hei lettcis of tntiodiie 1 tion to the Duchess of AIL,}!! Hie gteat md talented Mis Darnel hid pioinisedtostt Count do Hoin*whom they hld known, w is in London, and anxious foi a poitt ul, she li id he ltd that the (Jiican heiself li id asked with mtcicst con eel mug hei Ali llej nolds was the kindest, the moat untiling fnend "1 iiiijit indeed think too much of Ins kindness, vi inte Angélica, " but that 1 hue vowed to think uni} of my ait, and hive el sed nij hemt to ill othoi pissions Theio is i little pqei still in ixistenco winch tho gul wiote one night in ii thoughtful mood " Not cisilj shall 1 bind nij-iolf Ronlo is etei in tnj thoughts Hie Holj Spit it wiUducct mo 1 lion she w i otc igiiin, detailing moto ind uioie success Hie Punce s of Biunsiuck w is in London at tim, time uni hld ouleied a poiti ut of Angelica heiself, mid tins pictute li id pi oom ed loi bei a visit finn Iho Pnncess of AA ales, the m ithei of the king such an honoi had ltevoi befoio Wen dine to any pnuitoi, wtites Angelica Now «he is beginning to put by tuoiioj, u iw she maj think of a homo foi hei dun to conic to, now she ni ii begin to seo bel wa} cldilj cstablishc 1 'Hei lotteis, at this lune, sijs I!o summit of ti inqiulitj lud joj A httlo Intel on sho tells hint i-f i proposition of miiiimge and of hu ictus ii, md ii was soon aftci tints that Ali 1 mell left London and w out ubi oad But notwithstanding those lctlois, old lohn Joseph still delijcd Pool Antonio wies in des pin Ile could not afloid to mut my longei foi the obstinate old man Angehe i, who li id felt simowhit foi loi n at tunes, alnajs »lightened up itftot i talk nilli Mi Rcj nolds He spoke with ill Antonios ilnectuoss md sj mp ithj, mil willi iiutliuittj es well Ihcj lind m inj long Ulks logclhci , sho enjoyed liei sittings veij much, uni bpoko lo Inui openly of ill hei old life md now hopos, m winch ho took unfuling mtcicst It was Ali Hey nolds who fust told hei of the house m Golden squale in which she afteiw lids bctllcd, and who uiged upon hei the independence of i home of liei own in which she could íeceivo hoi f ithei Sho hld been longing f ii some wold of pi o ticttvc admonition, she hid m mstinclno desti e foi pi jteelion, it w is is nccess ti} to hu is hboil} Mi He}nolds seemed to give hei mote sonso of case by Ins fen kind woids than did all the compliments md ululitions lu which she wiiB now so used , sometimes unduly exulid about hei woik, sometimes uttoily doptesscd tnd hopeless, the biiicn-g H.IHC of tho li nth as it stiuck anolhei pets in h mind cime to hei willi an uiis-icikiblo lehcf n it the putial li nth of udtcii-o ciilicism, windi is always lund ti bein, bul the considciite judgement of olio so high in autlioiit}, of i pusou qualified to speak And f ii lum won it not i now exputence of hnppmcs to hive birch i s\icot model bunging new life, light, and coloi into his haul woikiug cïlstoncc "AIiss Ango! lion' is vviitlen m th it book of fite Ins hu} fn the year Ho need nut linio written it down, his niiiid was full of hoi md hu conccni» Iho lionels wcio foi hei Unthill}, when 1 id} AV had giaciously piomisul lo bung hei 11 sup in 1 eicestei 1 iclds Uley weie ill to issemble in ( huies sticet Hist, md gi to seo Mi G mick m Hamlet. "Alike youl self bciulifnl, in} A igcl, md do not be late,' sod Lady AV " M« Rcj nolds is coining She wes glad tint he was expected, and she went to diess with t light hunt, feeling tint fi louds wcio true, life was woith living mid oven (hess worth dicssing Mess Angel s] al ed no pains in hei illili- tint evening, and had shown hei wit in i MC pie and petticoat of li lute silk, lesemblmg net woik-mt unlike that one wolli bj Mis NollckeiiB it hei wedding It« is shot with gi ly and el ibi «deied with rose buds Hie deep md pointed htoniiielui w is pinked uni gtmped Hie siècles < f this dicss eloHcly fitted tho uni toa little bel w the eil ow, fiom winch litilig tluoc p nut lau milles Hei neckeieluef w is of point, md e nfnicd by a bunch of u se buds, and the Unce lows of j cul« wcio tied with monow white titln ttbb ni behind Ihcj weie liomin penis, but lui the less becoming to hei slendci thro it Hei lim was pile 1 over a cushion (cusin ins weie using in fivoi btcubly jem by Jen) Sho uoie i small np of point lace to cones pond with liol mille Hu bliocs wcieof the same miitciial as hei di ess with Jlnslol H])im(,les and heels tin CL inclus high She cime m sind nig and laughing in hei vv ildost spirits, piupitul to ui] >} and to ninnie, and to bo iidunied, if the ti util must bo confe sed ¿As she cnteied the i-um, she stvv a figure standing tgaiust the light "Is that you, Mr Roy n-Ids f Bhe »III 1, foi sho was »till thinking of linn "Have jon been waiting tongi Mi He}n jills wis fond if speikmg Itali in, and ofton used tint 1 men igo but this deep, angiy voice was vciy unlike Ins genlle tones " I h ne been waiting foi many xvceks, and you me not yet iculj foi me, I HOC Sinclj that was not Mi Rcjnolda, some on« stepped out of the Bin dow, md Angelic i uttered a little exclamation, foi Antonios dink CJPS wcio flash tug it hei, angry, happj, suspicious, moiling at the sight of her i0'im, fionnmg at hot gteotnig Foi ono minute she was hubclf enchanted t> seo bet ol 1 comp inton, Au. clapped bel li mils and dinted up to bun with a glad exclamation "Antonio I Antonio1 »ho thought of seeing j ou I Al y fathei, whcie is ho ' ' Atceln was silent, 1« >kmg at hu ndmtiingly Ile had neiei du ault of hot in mich bcuity and bulb mee, but it w is m leed Angelic t1 "I hive bioken my pi omise, Angelica, I hive como without your fathei, he sud at last " But it wies in vim I mged him I should havo lost mj yent s woik bad 1 w uted longei 1 left him teiedajs ago at Alonbcgno , he is well, and well cued for He will come, he sajs, when you mo in joui own hoitso "ho much for your pionuscs," cn ed Angel bitteilj disappointed md unjust to pool An tomo "You have left linn, pool deni AVho is one lo trust if one cinnot ti list jon?-j ou who aie alnajs vv uuiii«, oiieagamst otheis , you who The dooi opened as she was speaking, still ca**er md excited, md announced MJ Reynolds, and ultnost lmnicdiitcly after Loid Hemy Bel moro and Al luseh Lidy AV nflcctcd iitisttc society She had met tho young pamtei with the h m head not long befoio, and taken to him, perhaps nmon¿ other teisons, be CJUBO she hid been some«hat piqued by lus m diflerence Mr Reynold» was m full dress Ho wore his ted velict court suit and Ins svvoid He carno up driving the flowers ha had ordered in tho morning, and presented them with a little com phment full of boiihommte md grace The ex pression of Ins face wies vet y kind as he bent bo foie the j ming deity at who>c shrine tlioj all seemed to lay down then armH As Mr llej nolds stepped forwards, Angelica's passing inger was districted She bud forgotten it all, but Antonio's heart sank with gloomy ipprohcusion Her anger pained lum less than her pleasure now did. AVas ever anyone so absurd, BO proudj-bo sensitive as tins shabby little painter ! Not Mr. Reynolds in ¡ill Lil« glory, not Angelica radient and -upiome, could guess the depth» of that curious nature. Angelica might have understood him if she had had time or wi-h to do so ; but .-ho was pre-oocupitd, impatient ; her beautiful silk dress rustled at every step ; her many los-ers and friends wore all arriving, saluting, talking, and calling her away. The door kept opening, and admitting first one person and then another. Lady W. inado her state entry, followed by my lord in his blue ribbon. Zucchi »aw sonm of tho people present glance at him with surprise' ; mid when tho lady of the house entered, her look of enquiry and ainazoiuont might have disconcerted a far moro experienced mail of the world than he. " This is my old friend Antonio Kucehi," said Angelica, coming forward with' her quick familiar voice ; " ho caine to bring nie news of my father, dearest lady." Thou she turned to him more constrainedly, for Lady W.'s soiuwhut haughty smilo was still on Antonio. " Y"ou must como to-morrow monning when I am alone, Antonio, and then we will talk nbout nur busi- ness ;" and »ho hold out her hand. " Our business !" »aid Antonio, coldly ; " ] havo no business. I came as n friend to seo you ; it is time 1 should retire and leavo you to your acquaintance," and ho bowed to Lady AV., not without dignity, and then to Angel. " YVill no1 your friend honor mo with his company to-night ?" »aid Mr. Reynolds, always courteous and considerate of others, and lie came forward les ho spoke. Antonio slillly declined, Hindu him a haughty bow, and was gono. Onco outside ho could control himself no longer. As ho ran down stairs, he impatiently struck his hand upon his head, mullering something like "Falso! false !" to himself. Ile did not ovon sec Lady Diana, who passed Itiin on her way to join tho company and heard his words. As she oponed the dour, silo w;cs shocked and rovoltod by Angelica'» gay burst of laughter. Angelica's first fooling lind certainly been that of present relief. Everybody looked more at ease as An- tonio left the room, and the voices roso. But although Antonio wies gone, ho still seoinetl present to Angelica in som« mysterious way. Diana did not know that her go.ul spirits wuro partly caused by his coming. A little later on and Angelica became ii little tlidmiit; and it was the KiiuUinuuii, and not Mr. Reynolds, who begged for a repetition of Mr. Fuseli's remark -What wore Uley all talking about / Tho new erection in the King's garden at Kow ;-the Chinese tower, designed by Chambers, and cost- ing ever so ninny tliimsuiids. " 1 cannot say I admiro it," »aid Mr. Reynolds. " Y\Te aro dwellers in London, and not at Pekin." " But wo di ink Bohea out of China cups ; we wear bromides and crapes from China," said Angelica ; anil she held up one of the long looso sleeves. " And we, madam, aro certain to be charmed by anything you choose to wear or to do," said Sir. Reynolds, bowing again ; "bulyou did not erect tho Chinese lower." Mr. Gurt ¡ck was acting I (iiiulot that night in powder and court dress, facing the infinite ina periwig ami. treading the great globe ot life in paste shoe buckles. There was something mag. nutic in tho night ; misty a» it wus, with vapors enclosing the theatre aiid'crceping-iiiifrom outer, doorways andiveiling the brilliant charms of tho ladies present; tho rouge on their chaules, the pretty crimsoned lipa.- Then Hie great piny itself scumetl lo spread .mil spread and drive out all other impressions, ii was not only on tho singo that it was being acted. CllAI'l'lilt X11. " IIAMIXT," G.utiticic was not generally liked in the part of Hamlet ; but to-night tho play seemed lo grow and glow, to becoino tho life of Umso linn ian beings all iissoinbled there ; they wero come together to sou a play, lo laugh al one another, ami maleo e-igns anti to aduiiru ami criticise, but they remained to listen to the secrets of their lives unfolded. Gnrrick's faithful adorer, Miss Hannah Store, sat palpitating in a box by Mrs. Gan iek's side. Jiuechi was in the pit, ; he knew none of the people ; he had heard thuin talking ; lie, too, had como to Ibu theatre ; ho was looking for one face which lind no1 yoi appeared. lu a Mlagn-hiix sat tho shabby and noble figure of ii mau, willi n seamed and benevolent counte- nance, and by his side mi intelligent little fcrrotty person, peeping forward to get ii bettor view of tho audience. "Thoy'io como, sir," ho said, "the whole party; they have secured two excellent boxes. There is Mr. Reynolds and Fusoli, and thoro ia tim fair observed of nil observera. Mr. Reynolds has not invited nie lo sup willi Ililli to-night. I hear ho is giving a great festivity ; you, of course, are privileged." " Thoro is no privilege, sir, in being admitted to a bouse where friendship has established a right of way," mid the. big, shabby man. " lint to-night I shall i of rain ; Mr. Reynolds is not unbiassed by the transient influences of those in- ferior to him in intellect Miss is fur more i diable ; »lie would make my ten undisturbed by any ciruuniKUiiicus." Mr. Boswell was craning to got a good view of the " transient influences" now surrounding Mr. Ruynolds. Lovely, .smiling', splendid Lady YV. had nover looked moro stately and beautiful than she did that night. Ilor charms secnicil diU'iised somehow, and she and Angelica sat opposite like two mirrors reflecting one another. A »unnncr, a spring blooming in brightness, their fans waved. The flowcl- »acincd to HU the box. Even Lady Diana looked iier best. Mr. Boswell then discovered Dr. Burney and his daughter in aiiothur part of the theatre, "Mrs. Thr.tle should not have been absent on such a night ¡iH this," he remarked. Dr. Johnson again rebuked him, and, its usual, Mr. Boswell listened with the gleitest attention and defeienec, sometimes adding a .-'tait as if to add emphasis to his respect. The play began, and even Dr. Johnson was silent. In grail acting thoro is some Hiibtle iiicasiuo impossible to describe, sometimes passing in certain liiirinoiiy, and thal night, when Hainlut stood upon the binge, a mysterious intelligence, not lo bo explained seemed certainly and al once to Hash between him and his audience. Tho plain, eoiiiiiionplaoc.lookiiig niall became in- stantly, and without cllbrt, tho master of all these splendid people whu were walebing him. It was as if he were the pulse that flowed through their veins. This hour was his own, as this mood was his, to which he gave tho note, the time, the life almost. How nobly he standb listening, while the poor Ghost moans its awful plaint ! Hamlet's beauti- ful voice seemed to strike homo to overy henri when he answered in clear tranquil tones. Then rise piession and remorse, and woes thicken as tho play goes on, and the notos como full mid dull with passion, and the words neem to break bounds mid jin and clang. Is the noble prince- maddened as ho tunis in heart scorn, rending and miling at all those he has loved and trusted hitherto f Through this storm of shaken life comes poor Ophelia, wandering forlorn and helpless. Mrs. Addington was not acting that night, but a young actress whoso utter simplicity and sweetness touched thein all. " I did love you once," said Hamlet. " Indeed, my lord, you ninda mo believe so," say» Ophelia. " Get theo to a nunnery," he crios, remorse- lessly, carried fur beyond the mood of love, but tender still, uven at this moment, when a swerv- ing finite nature is suddenly brought to face the infinite truth, as it lies between them, awful, inevitable. i >. The scene was so tender, so inexpres»ivcly rail and despairing, it raised all tho audience out of their potty chatter and racket of snuff boxes. Miss Hannah burst into tears. YVas somo great power lhere among thom all alivo and speaking by the mouth of this little David again 1 It waB a relief to everyone when Everyday caine in once moro, and the player» distract Hie jarred sold, and bring him back for an hour into common words and daily life. ' _' " Mr. Garrick outdoes himself to-night," said Mr. Boswell. " Sir," said his tutor, " you mean that Garrick outdoes your preconceived opinion of his powers. Ho has played his part with memory. Ile is a good repeater of other rnon'B words." But when Mr. Reynolds caine* into the box presently, mid inado some slight objection to some detail of Hamlet's performance, the old man rose up in wrath. " Lot mu tell you, sir, thal David is a genius, his fame is prodigious ; his excellence asan actor is universally acknowleged. He is more likely to be correct thnu you ara. He leave» nothing to Hl mee eveij gestiuu-, c-vuij -ff id l« in iturul i in his ebner ! Ali Hey m lils did not stij lo ugiiclhomittcr , ho his lett t Keilli of some such di dogue with his old fiietid He wis in haste to letuiii to his imp imán1* It vv es not only "Ml -î li ninth Abie whose tem s flowed tint moiling loi little Angelic i the doom of the inevitable seemed to stnko almost foi the fust time Tho knell sounded in hei cars, pool Ophelia s stoty seemed R> uniitteiably «nil "How could ho lean hot ' she said, "Oh, how could lit le »ve hu, uni sho turned to Ali Rej nolds mil then hughid md ti led to wifw avvij hei tcirs "I am ashiincil, she subbed, ill confused "Alight I be pel nutted 11 i otu e to the b ick of the box ' Sho moved lu i ctmu as she spoke B -tli Ali Rej nolds and Ati 1 useli came foi - w ud togethoi, tnd each on titila sido held out it hind to issist hu Angelica half laughed, and looked fi mi olio to the otlti gailj thiough lui passing tens, sho put out liei two little hinds aud liuscil ¡ici elf vvlth the help of both the gentlemen Some one in the pit, who hid been looking on, tinned voij pile and mudo i iiuious indignant movement "How imgij that lunn look«, sud a casual spectltoi to Ins compiinon Ms he not I cunnii} in m ot jouis, Ali Cipiumi' "Aly eouiitijniuii tie apt to look nigry vi hut tiley no vexed, saul Mi Gipitaiu Ho was a d-ukejed nulli with a long nose and a blown fieofuUof lefinenicnt and intelligence " A otu e imtij men take hfo uuno ctlinlj, Ali Nulle kens ho iddc 1, liui0lun¿lj ' Huit in in is Monning; it Mis Ivaullniinn up among lie! line buds Alj heart, lu« she seems to bo can j tug on with Alt ltojnilds1 saul vii ï>ollckcil<* "She is of agi} and liinocini limpet, and thinks not of uni longuet-, saul Ali Cipiiun, kmdlj "She Ins io ii talent, sho In nut. lit- mo some diavvtngs jestudi} ' 