OCR1ax 8nuUrauroerr LomnoNIle4omurthrimi. nal retuorosof the .meYopolitanpoli~e jgrdb.psstyear which barve just been isened, it appers thtflui 1874 the total number of pe eons" t ~_k ini? tod amounted to 67,703, of bo@i 1B,8$9'we by the magistrates, 45,88 erbie t'b uiatsttrlii pbe of"or held to bail,2989.*erei .amic# tri, 2306 were eoevicted and ?suetpeod,476. ? jgpitted, 100 were either not prose hoed ?r s niqt found against them, 'nd y were. ,nt ed . th n yer. Of the 67,708 prsons taliif Wiio y 1916 were m?aleand 22,788faem?d'. tf?lrt 6'. l 7814 could neither ,red noir rits?,1i?:605 4)nalbs dis played an equel absence of eat4.e x + oenots.. 34,798 male, and 'l14 ten? ý f j, or read and write imperfectly ; wbi" a "an 288 femalescould readad 7 ema " les had receivedanoperior intr1imon. alSWyi~r?r1874, 9795 persons.were reported to the 'poliee+rnesorted as lott or missing, ,p1ud 646 Pn r t6 2fQ the police. The number of ipidecg9 jited mSardin to the return amounlted to,138 1bat,'ai" pmr who commit suicide are not fn'tbe bihbttofl o l8ie' their intention of destroying tbemselves to'+tbealpeid, the information underthis beednmst be; takehnoly for what it is..worth; .899 eioidp were, c~p qlsaptled but prevented by police and others" , r of gres reported to the polie, (ehleo s ? dolded) during the year was 483; end the nunlbbe i bed by the force before the arinval bfibhe" ea idaf 0. There is one curiopus Ict worthy ofsigottlbe gaered from these returns with rpgard.to,, ' t - ?ia gg' persons. It seems that darin"g thb4a te no fewer than 683,95 pjerson bave eon l lost or missing, and during the ??am 'gite , ,8't have been "restored by the police, a :kinga?a sice of 80,425 to be accounted for.-Pall JMOi f dkGas "TEE Boox p Li uIBm,6 -A .ig?l5twy i told of the " Book of Limpore, Im"jn q- of the fourteenth centurn bilonging of Devonshire, ana reu.n' lentt by' - the Ordnance Survey Oiattb ti o pton for reproduction. in fee-simil9 by ?bt k of photouinoography.., Thii mPnasipt dAr lm tersed in the. year 1814 pnploeed in w?O o er with a fie old croiser, biltito t of a closed-up doori*, tbnw e y the old Castle of ·iTsaore uande*ent n. terest was naturally.esxitda ?td in time, and among ithem nYu oseMtib? ?llDennis, O'Flinn, of 8bandonostretlorkA'ftsmW1d ish scholar, but, as O'OunC saidqlofnm yq inf ferent" one; O'arin'le hdin i thof such reputation, induced'the d4 j.* ` 'th manusoript to' him. It wts det?d? and during part of that tihe,M o ti<a thi i a aoeount, was to the hand of tp pyy. the time of its return until 1889, tbe prtc op 1 s ue' mained looked sp and uniexained ft 'ilet by ite noble owner tbthe Royiil ⁢ L M be copied by O'aurry. 'tihe dov* l &iiaed; that the book had been'tnitilstp? ail ka oah way as to render what reMhaied bfthliliiomm0? valueless. EveryearchqdInadoe'bhiiltb t tity clue was got until theb' uiriptes fb? _ um Betham, bought for tie r 'B h Academy, were found to inul'b le 4te' portions. By means of i aiotbss copies, the holders of the oetiginalE''uý?tand were induced to part with theirynoieVrt' ball acquired property for the eun o6f t diiI.Thet whole volume has inee een excellety repaired and handsomely bound by the preecnt Pkeqf ponushire. The contents of it included-adeliscpt of Irish saints, written in very pure Geili o'ithe conquests of Charlemagne, translated from ArchbishopE rpln'e celebrated romance b6f 4h eighth century a the tory of8t. Peter's daughiter, Petroonille, pad the' of the Sibilllne Oracle;. ea'boonnt of48t, r the Great the Empress Justina's b"erdjs ti? of Charlemagne's suoessore, and tof thchrniue between Laufranc?and theelergyof tma? fttmb t from Marco Polo's travels; aecounts of Irish b .tle and sieges I and a dialogue betebeen::9t.''Ph$ei, Csolite, MaoBonian, and' Olsin, the 'bb!Me nnn MaenCmhail,in which many hills, rivers,eaverse, &e.; in Ireland are described, and the etymisblogt.bileir names recorded.-hdnesses s,,c How TR o TsAr a Gnoesr.-The only certain o respecting " The Night-uide of Nature" 'it wbp'i , Mh diligent -study of Mrs. Growe and ttier 4brsved writere, I have been able to arrive; 5e;thbatt ¶5 tad, fatally bad, policy to speak to anything uncanny-a ghost, for instance. If ever you meetkithl& com panion who seems likely to turnmoud theieorani of bogeydom, remember that "Silence io-,bl'du and that speech is exceedingly base metal. "t .I Iplleity of this theory is easily demonstmrdte. ,iWlle yoe speak to an uncanniness Poo-4bihdbynj?'?pssco reoogniee it; you promote iito'aniseetis ei) The popular superestion that a ghst-rbmtisoant nlaes spoken toa:feundedonestriotlyfogical t*a6nis. By addressing an uncaoniness in words, howesvseold and masterful, you at once limit;ybti#ta ueFavail able hypotheses to two; you confess, 1 ibpliM on, that the thing. you addrees inst?be eltheercaluman being or a supernatural being. .'hese · or easlape from the alternative. , Youedo hot holdebhbweiw with a hallucination, an: xtraordinary hbado*oaeiuanex peoted light, a mysteriom.sound, an inexplicable phe nomenon. If you are strong-minded saugh:,o infer that your visitant is the result of a l?edleas.upper, you do not (in default of a medioinop hest)"geroiee by any form of words the bit of fuomber,:toht is troubling you. By speaking you personify, wsre it is for the interest ofyour esanity that pereonalitsbhould be out of the question. Treat, the, a ghiot with the insular pride of an Englishman. OosIee~r im a foreigner, and therefore a eusapicious., e aoter, of whose social status you eannbtl- .bs sore. Domineer over him by not saying "-Iw d'ye do?" If you so much as "pass the timd of day'" with him, your acquaintance speedily ripens with aw ful rapidity into intimacy of the eloset=k "jt?far better, if the temptation to speak becombs t6tiqtrong, to retire at once under-the bed-clothen, when that friendly shelter is present, and abstract your thoughts altogether from what may be outside. It, is pot, I believe, within the memory of the chroniclers that any uncanny thing has ever attempted..to lift the shrouding drapery. You may, indeed, feel someshat ticklish about those lumpy and angular parts which mark out the human outlide, however dpeply smothered under blankets; but you are-if there is truth in history-absolutely safe. And if there is no haven of blankets and counterpanes, and the thing must be faced, recollect-cleave to the recollection that eupernatural etiquette does not permit a grieli ness to introduce itself. The golden sceptre of speech must first be held oat.-Temple bar. Amxsuso Pesse BcmxnsEs.-Two amusing blun ders are "going the rounds." One was purely typo graphical ; the other arose from"a derangement of epitaphs." A Leicesterjournal announcing the death of a townsman, appended the following notice : "Friends accept of this intimation." The omission of the " r" rather annoyed the bereaved relatives. "The other blunder was as follows:-Shortly before his death Lord Cardigan reviewed a famous Hussar regi ment, and, on making the usual speech, he said, with more emotion than he usually showed, "I am getting old, gentlemen, and in all probability I shall never re view this magnificeent regiment this side llegsraoee!" But was this a blunder, or did Lord " Charge again" suppose that the next world is merely asecond edition of this, just as the Red Indian who believes that, in the happy hunting-grounds, " his faithful dog will bear him company P" At Trafalgar two Sootohmen, messmates and bosom cronies from the same little clachan, happened to be stationed near each other, when the celebrated in timation was displayed from the admiral's ship, " Look up and rean yon, Jock," said one to the other a "' England expects every man to do his duty ;' not a word free puir auld Scotland on this ooeasion!" Jock cocked his eye at the object for a moment, and turning to his companion, thus addressed him : " Man, Oeordi., is that a' your sense? Scotland kens well enough that her bairns will do their duty-that's just a hint to the Englishmen." "Is the shoe too smallP" tenderly asked a fond swain of his sweetheart, who was moaning about cramped toes.-"Oh, no ! The shoe is just right, but my foot is too big-that's all." Iraswon : Printed and published by the proprietors, HUGH PARKISOco and J. Bowanrc SIWomN, at the Queensland fimes office, corner of Ellen. borough dtd Briebane Streets. 