THE BABYLON OF THE REVELATION ; OF ST. JOHN, ; ; By tueRigiit Rev. Bishop w orgs worth. \- : I..;, Chapter ill. , < „! Re/lections ' on ' the' Prophecies concerning Babylon ' . in the Apocalypse. . ; Reasons have now been given for the conclu sion stated in the foregoing. Chapter, of, this Essay, that the prophecies contained in the Thirteenth,. Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Chapters of the Revelation of St. John the Divine, and which describe the guilt, and pourtray the punishment of the mystical Babylon, have- been partly accomplished, and are in; course of accomplish ment, in the Church of Rome. , . . 1\. Some may allege that such an assertion is uncharitable ; that it is inconsistent with the loving spirit of the Gospel, to arraign a Christian Church, one so distinguished as the Church of "Rome for amplitude, dignity, and antiquity ; and to brand it with such an ominous name— to characterize it a3 Babylon. But we may reply to this allegation, by asking, Who wrote the Apocalypse? .. . . The Evangelist St. John. He was a Son of Thunder ;(1) but he was the beloved Disciple of Christ ; he leaned on His bosom at the institu tion of the Divine Feast of Love. To him the Son . of God bequeathed His beloved Mother with almost His last breath, when He was dying on the cross. He was the Apostle of Love. And this divine son of thunder, St. John, fulmined forth God's judgments in love. Repent says Christ, by St. John's mouth in the Apocalypse) ; ' do thy first works ; and, I will give thee the Morning Star. (2) As many as I . love, I rebuke and chasten,; be zealous, therefore, and repent. (3) Behold, I stand at the door. (4) . Again"; let us ask, Who moved St. John to write the Apocalypse ?. The Holy Spirit , of God. If any man .hath ah ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the Churches. (5) Assuredly, it is not uncharitable far us to declare, what the Holy Spirit of Peace dictated to the Apostle of Love. , Nay, rather, they, whose office it is to guide and warn others, are guilty of grievous sin ; they are chargeable with cruelty to the souls of others, and the blood of those sonl3 is on their heads, and they are doing what in them lies to frustrate St. John's labour of love; they are resisting the Holy Ghost ; they are forfeiting the blessings promised in the Apocalypse to all who read and keep the words of His prophecy, (6) if they fail to proclaim, what, by the voice of St. John, it has pleased God to reveal. They are not lovers of peace, or of their own and other men's souls, who build up a wall, and daub it with untempered mortar ;(7) and speak smooth things, . and prophesy deceits, (8) and say, Peace, peace, when there is no peace ;(9) for it is written, O son of man, if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity.; but his blood shall I require at thy hand. (1) 2\. We have received the Apocalypse from the hand of St. John, who calls it " the Revelation of Jesus Christ, "(2) and the; voice of " the Spirit to the Churches. " In the Apooalypse we have a. positive command from Almighty Gpd not to partake of the sins of Rome, lest we also receive of her plagues. (3)— If any man worship the Beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of His indignation ; and he shall be tormented with tire and brimstone in the presence ol the Holy Angels, and in the presence of the Lamb. (4) - 3\. Some persons have used this latter text as an argument against . the identification of Rome with Babylon. They allege that by such an idsntification, all who are or have been in com munion with Rome, are consigned to damna tion ; and that, since for many ages a great part of the Visible Church was in communion with Rome, the Church itself had become reprobate, and Christ's promise of His presence and Spirit to it had failed, if Rome is Babylon. But this is a great mistake. Such persons, do not. seeih to have observed, that many have never had an opportunity of hearing the warnings of , the Apocalypse, and that the text. (Rev. ,xiv., 10) refers to a period after the fall, of ,. Babylon, when God's judgment will have been executed on the City and See of Rome, (5) and thqt. it is addressed to those wh "will . not heed ..the warning given by that, awful catastrophe. , . , , , We do not hesitate to affirm, that the Church of God has never ceased, and will never cease to exist. We do not scruple to assert, that.the Church of God has never ceased, and will .'never cease, to be Visible. We are not like the Donatists, who imagined that the Catholic Church of Christ might be reduced to a.small and obscure Communion. We also readily acknowledge, that, for many centuries, a large portion of the Church Catholic was infected by the errors of Rome. . But. those errors were not the essence of the Church : and it was possible to communicate with the Church of Rome, without communicating in its errors. And we doubt not, that many generations of holy men fell asleep in Christ, who deplored those errors, and did riot communicate in them, although they were in communion with the Church in which those errors arose. . , But as years passed by, Rome changed her course. She did not renounce her errors, and she made communion in her errors essential to communion with herself. She enforced her errors as terms of communiori : / and she excom municated all who would not, and could not, receive and profess those errors as articles, of Faith. This she did particularly in the six teenth century, at the Council of Trent. And thus she became , the cause of the worst schism which has ever rent the Church of Christ. . ,, And evor . since that time, she has continued to enforce thoso errors, which she then imposed as truths ; and by. her recent Act claimirig to herself nower to make the dogma of tho Immaculate Conception to become an Article. of faith, she has aggravated her sin in inculcating heresy as if it were Truth, and in tearing the Church by schism, while she charges others with it, and professes to . be the Centre of Unity. ./ Thus she has verified the prophecy of the Apacalypse, in which God says, " Come out of her, My people, that ye be not partakers of her sins."(6) She has still some people of God in her. But she has so identified her sins , with herself, that they can hardly remain, in her now without being partakers of her sins. (7) She' has made communion in her sins necessary for com munion with herself. They, therefore, who hear the voice, must ' come out of her. And if they come out, she is guilty of the sin of separation (for there,; never can be separation without sin), not only by teaching false doctrines, but by enforcing them as terms . of communion with herself ; and not only; . by separating herself from the Truth as it is in Christ, but by separating from herself all who desire to cleave steadfastly to Him. ; Here, we say, was a new .era in the History of the Church. And it is this change in the spiritual polity of the, Church of Rome which has placed her in a riew attitude with regard to trie rest of Christendoin ; and which calls/for iriore serious attention to the prophecies of the Apocalypse, because it is an evidence of their truth,/ and because it is also, a warning that the time of their full accomplishment , is at hand. , ., Thus, then, we see in the Apocalypse a strong appeal to our Charity. Christian love longs, above all things, for the salvation of souls. It prays and labours that they may escape God s judgments, and especially that they may be saved from the fearful woes: which are denounced by God upon Babylon. (8) Hour, therefore, would it rejoice, that these prophecies of the Apocalypse were now duly pondered by all members of the Church of Rome ! How thankful would it be, that the words of the Apostle and Evangelist St. John, who was miraculously rescued from the fiery furnace (9) at Rome, to behold and describe these Visions in the Apocalypse, should have power, : by God's grace, to pluck them as brands from the fire !(1) ' Especially, too, as years pass ori; arid ' as God's judgment on Roine approach nearer and nearer, and as, in the events of our own day, He makes us feel the tremblings of the earth quake which will engulf her ; and behold the flashings forth of the fire which will corisume her, true Christian Charity will put on Angel's, wings, and will hasten with a Seraph's atep ; and will be like the heavenly Messengers despatched by God to Lot in Sodom ; and will lay hold on the hands of those who liriger, and will urge them forth from the door, and will chide their delay, and will exclaiiri, — "Arise! what dost thou here ? Take all that thou hast, lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of this city."(2) ' ' And what, therefore, shall we say of those, our beloved friends, our : brothers and sisters, in 1 Mark iii. 17. ,2 Rev. ii. 28. 3 R3V.;iii; 19.:!/ i ' < 4 Rev. iii 20. : 5 Rev. ii. 7, 11;:17, 29 ; iii. 6, :6 Rev. i. 3 ; xxii. 7; -- TJk SIsa/xxx.lO. Ezek. xxxiii. 8. 3 Rev, xviii. 4. 4 Rev. 'xiy. 9, 10. 5 I need not remind the attentive reader of the Apocalypse, that some powers of Romanism will survive the fall of Rome. : i . , 1 1 , : 6 Rev. xviii. 4. - v . 7 I do not say that, the Bin of those who comply with sinful terms of communion is equal to those nkKmposel; hein :Aor that the1 condi tion live : in countries where1 the ScriHjis against those terms are not hfjBual responsibility to that, of open before them: - Hseret. Gen. xix. 12— 1G. Christ, who have been nurtured with the same milk 'of 'the . Gospel at the breast of the .same spiritual mother with - ourselves ; who ' have breathed the same prayers; knelt before the saipe; 'altars, arid walked with us side by side in the corirts of our, own Jerusalem ; and have beeii 'carried away captive— alas 1 willingly biritiye— to Babylon ? yVhat shall we say of them ? It may be that we ourselves might have prevented their fall, if1 'we had exhorted them to hear what tho Spirit saith by the mouth of St. John. Shall wo do nothing for their recovery? Shall we riot, 'even with tears, implore tliemto listen- riot: to us, but— to their F.verlasting Saviour, their Almighty King and Judge, speaking in the Apocalypse ? Shall we not point to the cup of/'/ wrath in God's right hand, ready to be poured out." upon them ? Shall we not say, in the; words of the prophet, — "Arise yo and depart for this is not your reBt ; because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore atisriiction ?"(3) / The Book' of Revelation, thus viewed, as it ought tq bo, is a divine, warning of the peril and tfnnappiness of all who are enthralled by Rome. Arid its prophetic and comminatory uses ought to be pointed out by all Christian Ministers, arid to be acknowledged by all Christian con gregations; "And they, whether Clergy or Laity;' forfeit ' a great blessing and incur great danger, who neglect these divinely-appointed rises of the ' Apocalypse, particularly in the present age/ when the Church of Rome is busy/ with iriore than her usual activity, in spreading her snares around us, to make us victims of her deceits/ prisoners of her power, slaves of her will, and partners of lier doom. '("''4; But in discharging this duty, the Minister of 'the Gospel must crave not to be misunder stood. ." 'Having a deep serise of tfeo danger of those who/dwell in: Babylon, he will never venture to affiima that none who have dwelt there could he saved. ' . The Apocalypse itself forbids him . On the very eve of its destruction the voice from heaven says, Come out of her, My people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive riot of her plagues. (4) And so, we doubt riot, God ever has had, and still has/ some "people in. Babylon. " Many, doubtless, there were in former times iri' oiir own land, who had not the blessed privilege which we enjoy of hearing the voice, Come out of her. They had not the warnings of the Gospel ; to them it was almost a sealed book. And this, too, is still the case with many in foreign lands. And since responsi bilities vary with privileges, and God judgeth men1 1 according to what thoy have, and not 'according to what they have not, (5) therefore Christian Love, which hopeth all things, (6) will think charitably, and if it speak at all, will not speak harshly of them. (7). All this we readily allow. But then we must riot' shrink froin asking, What will be the lot of those who hear the voice, Come out ' er,(8) and yet do not obey it ? And, still more, what will be the portion of those,— the recent con verts,' as they are called, and others who follow them, who,— when the voice from heaven says, Coine out of her,— go into Babylon, and dwell there? Again : the Minister of the Gospel, to whose case we have referred, is obliged, for fear of riiisrepfesentation, to say, that ; lie readily acknowledges, and openly professess, . that Christianity does not consiai in hatred of Rome. "' We are not of those, who, in the words of an eminent writer, (9) "consider the Christian Religion no otherwise than aB it abhors and reviles Popery, and who value those men most who dri it most furiously." No; the Gospel, is a1, divine Message of Peace on earth, and good will towards' men. (1) The banner over us is Love. (2) No one is safe, because his brother is iri' dariger : no man is better, because his neigh bour 'is worse. Our warfare is not with men, but' with sins. We love the erring, but not their ' errors ; and we oppose their errors; because we love the erring/ and because we desire their salvation, which is perilled by their errors, and because we love the truth which is able to save their souls. We know that error is manifold, hut Truth is one : and that; therefore, it is nob enough to oppose Error ; for one error may be opposed to another error ; and the only right opposition to Error is Truth. We know, also, that by God's riiercy there are truths in the Church of Rome as well as errors ; and that some, who oppose Rorh'e, maybe opposing her truths, and not her errors. But our warfare is against the errors of Rome, and : for the maintenance of the truth of Christ. We reject Popery because wo profess Christianity. We flee Babylon, because we love Sion. And the aim of our warfare is riot to destroy our adversaries, but to save their souls and ours. Therefore in what we have Biiid. on this subject, we have endeavoured to follow- the precept of the Apostle, Speak the truth in love;(3) and if, through human in firmity, anything has been spoken .otherwise, we pray , God that it may perish, speedily as theugh it had never been, ii , . (To be continued.) - .... 3 Micah ii. 10. 4 Rev. xviii. 4. ,,, , - 5 .Luke xii. 48. 2 Cor. viii. 12. , > . .. ,,G 1 Cor. xiii. 7. , . .7 , Compare the wise and charitable sentiments tpf.S; /pyprian, Epist. lxiii. : Si quis de anteces- . 8oribm nostris vel ignoranter vel simpliciter non jobservavit et tenuit . quod nos Dominus facore : exemplo suo et magisterio docuit, . potest simplicitati ejus de indulgientiil Domini venia .concedi nobis vet b non poterit ignosci, qui nunc a Domino admoniti et instructi sumus. .. 8,-:Rev. xviii. 4. :i : 9, Lord; Clarendon, ; Hist. Rebell. i. 88; p. 38, ed. Oxf. 1839. 1 Luke ii. 14, 2 , Cant. ii. 4. . . 3 Eph. ivl. 15/,. ... " 