DEAD DREAMS. A waning moon in the rainful skies, A brokon boat on tho shore, A waif that swims as tho surgos .rise — I sit and watch and my spirit sighs, I never shall seo thee more, Mv dear. 1 never shall soo tlieo nioro My hope is now as a stranded boat, My droam as a moon in wane. My lovo as a waif on tho surf afloat ; And though lifo should niako their rogrot roinoto. Thoy novor shall servo again, My swoot, Thoy never shall aorvo again. Tho boat, rofittod, may leave tho land, Tho moon will her grace ronow, The waif will rest, nnvoxod, on the sand — But dead aro tho dronms that fed at my hand. And I am sovored from you, My dear, And I am sovorod from you. In Germany, whon tho voto of j-iry stands six Against six, tho prisoner is acquitted. A voto of flovon against live loavos tho dooision to tho Court, and in a vote of eight' against four tho prisoner ia con.v.iotod. SdiBN'rmo Exi'kdition to New Guxnha. — Although it is now considerably woro than throo centuries and a half ago since tho largo island of Papua, or Now Guinoa, wns disco vorod by tho .Portuguese commandors D'Abrou and Sorrnm, it sooms somewhat surprising to rofloct that, as a country, it remains practically un known, to. Europeans. , .Nearly fifty yoars ngo tlio Dutohjit'is'trno, attpinjitotj to form a sottlo mont at;Fort Du Bus, in Triton's Bay ; .butthoy woro - soon : compelled to abandon that low lying spot, in consequence of the unhonlthinoss of tho cliniato, which, there, appeared to bo absolutely fatal to Europeans.' ?'? Later .(in 1825) an oxpodi tion, fitted out by some maritime pooplo, undor took to survey tho 'supposed ' River Dourga' — beginning at about 100 milos to tho N.E. of Falso Capo, latitude 8'24 South, and longitndo 137 '38 East— but (beyond proving that the ' river'- was a strait 90 miles' long, and defining the limits of Prince Frederick Houdrik's Island) not much was then effected by the Dutch, who havo : peculiar facilities for prosecuting their rosoarchos in this dirootion. French expeditions commanded by Duporroy, and Dumout D'Urvillo (1822-25, :i.827-2!), 1837.40) havo also addod to our knowlodgo of the Southern, Western, and ? NWthorn coasts of Now Giiinoa,- but our bwii countrymen havo, more rocontly, oxplorod much of this, torra incognita so interesting to the cthnolo. gist, and tlioniitnralist. In 1845, Captain Black wood, of H.M.S. Fly* surveyed tho Great Bight, on tho S.E. coast, and, after Captain Bliiokwbod,; Captain Stanloy, of tho Rattlesnake ; Liouton ant Yulo, of thoBramblo ; and Captain Moresby of tho Basilisk, all made furthor discovorios in those parts. A sciontiu'.o commission sontby tho Nothdrlands in 1858 also carried on tho work ; and Signor D'Alboi'tis (the Italian traveller and naturalist) -has yot nioro lately labourod in tho samo Hold, and not without results honorable to himself and usoful to science/ Inspito of all this, however, Now Guinea romains still un known, a country full oF problems; that yot await satisfactory -solution..' It is tosplvo sonio of thoso problems, and (more especially) to add to tho resources' of natural history as opened up in tho vast island of Now Guinoa, that-Mr. W. Mncloay of this city has dotorminod to fib out, at his own espouse, an expedition to Papua to ex plore tho coast, to visit tho interior, and syste matically to collect spocimons of tho flora and fauna of Now Guii.'oa; ' In preparation for this scientific expedition, Mr. Mnclcay has purchased tho Chovort, a fine- bark of 360 tons— of which' it is understood that Captain Edwards is, to be tho commander. Sho is to bo fitted up with,' every convenience for her appointed use and sorvico, and will, it ia expected, bo ready for son in May noxt. The Chovort is to carry a atuaih lannch on dock for the navigation of riv'ora J for this expedition will bo directed not merely to tho pleasant and instrnctivo labours of the naturalist, but to tho exploration of tho interior of tho country generally, and to such an ' ox plortlitlon' of its natural resources as must; invest Lho cruise of tho Chovort with a- vory special in torcst and importuned. '..'?'. . ? A CojrrucATEii Nationat.tty.— rTho 'Echo' sny9 ; — Mv. Hamilton Fish, Gonoral CiflHoj', and Princo Bismarok, havo been laying thoir bonds togothor to diuuovor-^-What is an Ameri can ] If by tliis torin wo inoivnt simply a nativo of tho United States all might bo well, but thoro is an undefined spocioa of American, who gives much trouble to T.ho Foreign Cilices of, at least three Powers. Tho Fronch subdivision of this variety is described aa oludiug military servico by such arguments as tho following : — ' Having boon drawn from' tho conscription and rcquostod to fall' in by one of tho ollicors acting nndor General Cissoy, Joan Potdovin assorts that ho its an American cit.uon. How so i woro you born in Amorica '(' 'No sir.' 'Havo yon ever been in America V 'No sir.' ''On what ground, then, do you claim to be a citizen of tho United States ?' 'My father was a citizen,' ' Whoro was your fathor born V 'hi Paris.' ?'Thon your father wjis a Frenchman 1' ' Yes j but ho wont to tho United States, bocivmo a naturalised citizen, and returned to Parip for tho purpose of his trade.' ' And hero ho nmrriod, lived, and died — is it not so]' 'It is.' ' Your mothor is a French subject ; sho has tiover loft Paris, and has no intontion to emi grate V ' Yos, all that is true ; yot ; as tho widow of an American citizen, she is an Ameri can, and, by American law and usago, 1, her son, am also an American, and thorofore free from tho obligation to sorvo in Franco.1' The dillioulty of dealing with porsons whose nation ality is so complicated will readily bo imagined by thoso at all conversant with international law. — ' Edinburgh paper.' Josh Billings on Ghosts.— A ghost is about 5 feet 7 inches in hight, and weighs from 4 to 6 ounces. They are ov the muskulline and feminine natur but principally nuter. They ain't afraid of nothing, and will hang around a graveyard as kareless as a skoolboy will around a norchard in green apple time. They are like a grate monny other things in this world — often heard ov, but seldom seen. I will give 1500 dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to own one ; but I want one caught whole and not hurt. Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Therefore bring your ghosts. Ghosts always dress in a white nite-gown sort of a rig, and are the quickest things that hav ever been trotted out yet. Their ordinary gait is about a mile in a seckund, but it iz said for a purse they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in public for munny — private time is allwus suspishus. Whi don't some of our agricultural horse- trot associations offer a ghost pass, free for all ghosts ? It would draw like a mustard plaster in the month of August. So it would. Finding Ten Thousand Pounds. — At tho City of London (Hhoriirs) Court, rocently, boforo Mr. Commissioner Korr, Saddler and Ackworth, an issue directed to this court by tho Court of Com mon Picas, wns hoard. The Plaintiff claimed tho sum of £40. It appoared that the plaintiff, a.yonth holding a situation ns clork in a city firm, whilo walking recently in Lombard-stroet with defendant, who was described as a builder at Brixton, picked up a roll of papers. Thoy proved to be ton JilOpO-notos, and tho plaintiff, upon tho advice of tho defendant, arrangod to keep tho maltor a socrot until a reward was of forod. In the noxt day's newspapers it was ad vertised that £100 would be given for tho notos. Tho defendant thon voluntoerod to arrange tho matter for tho plaintiff, and thoy both wont to Messrs. Clarke, .Son, and Rawlings, solicitors, of Grosham House. Tho dofendant loaving tho plaintiff at tho bottom of. tho stairs, wont to Mr. Olarko, who on receiving tho notos, handed him tho roward. The' defendant then Baid that tho reward was duo to anothor porson, and asked what ho was to have for himself. Mr. Clarke gave him ;L'50 for himself, and A'10 towards a ohupol ho was interbatod in. Tho Defendant then returned to tho plaintiff, and asked him what share ho was to havo of the £100. Tho plaintiff said ' £40,' and upon tho noto being cashed gavo tho defendant that amount, and a guiuoa towards his ohapol. On tho following day a report appoaiod in the nowspapors to tho oll'ect that tho boy had recoivod -C1G0. Tho plaintiff wont to tho bilicos of Mossrs. Clarko and Rawlings, and thon hoard for tho first timo that the defendant had receiyod £60. Ho had given tho £40 under tho impression that the dofendant had not rooeivod' anything for his trouble The Commissioner said ho should find for tho plaintiff for tho amount clahnod. Mr. Wildy Wright applied for a stay of oxocntion, for tho purposo of moving in tho superior courts. Tho Commissioner said that oxoontion should not bo stayod a minute, and tho dofendant should write up in his cluipol, '. Thou ahalt not i steal.' I Nonconformists. — At a timo whon tho pub lic mind in Scotland is in nn ospecial manuor turned towards Nonconformity, it will bo intor rosting to know how brethron of tho Established Church view it perse. Such information is at hand in a pamplilot- published horo by a wolj known Church of England publisher, . which is said to havo a largo and honored circulation in certain circles of fellow-Christians. Tho pam phlet is called !' Sketches of Nonconformity from the Old Testament,', and sots out with a compre hensive assertion: that -.'.Nonconformity has Satan for its founder,' and tho mothor of all (moaning, I suppose, JEvo) for its first convert, and a 'murderer, .for its high priest.' -Satan had indeod,' according ; to, our. brother a groat deal to do with tlio oarlior phrnsoB of ; Nonconformity, .for wo' rend further., on, that the earliest prophet of Noijoonforniity was Satan himself; and it is worthy of observation how solicitous ho was for the social and intellectual olovation' of' mankind. 'Eat1! and your intellectual: horizon shall bo oxtonded to tho knowledge of evil.'' I* think I havo hoard somothing .like that bofore, but this is dpcidodly new1. — 'Solomon tho wisest of mon and 'the nursing fnthev.of the Churoh, becamo in his old ago.a convert to Nonconformity. Like Adam, hoj succumbed- to. thewilos of woman. Tlie hour of a Churchman's greatest dangor is when sho Nonconformity, appeals to his affec tions. Solomon, failed to. withstand those ap peals ito his affoctionsyand so the Act of Uniform ity w,as annulled, tho policy of his fathor David revorsod, and toleration granted to Nonconfor mists. Toleration . or religious liberty accom plished.. Solomon's noxt stop must bo to grant roligious i equality. Ho taxed the nation to build and doubtless to endow: placos of worship for Dissentors, ,- and showed his largo-hoartcdnoss and want of bigotry by attending public aorvicea. This act of Solomon 'affords us tho earliest in stancorocordod in history of concurrent ondow tnent. Joroboam took tlio further stop of estab lishing Nonconformity as. a dominant religion. Tho lifo of this _ successful conspirator furnishes a not incomplete,, parallel to tliat of Olivor Crom woll.'— ' Roformor.' ?'''?' :. ? PtmiTAN Mkrcies.— -An interesting. scone was witnessed ou Novomhor 20 in tho Massachusetts Stato Prisons, Boston, whoro tho Piu'itan festival of Thanksgiving isobsorvod by grantini;. pardons to a few of the most moritorious convicts. None of tho prisoners aro aware whom' the nets of clemency will bonofit until the names are read in tho presence of thorn all.' On tho ;day in ques tion four out of about 800 convicts roceivod tho .prize of liborty. At half-past 10 in the morning tho prisonora wore assomb'lud' in the chapel, whoro also wero gnthorod. a, fow prominunt citizens of Bostonand tho vicinity. ; The chap Iain first road tho proclamation for tho day of gratitude and praise, and then. delivered a for vent prayer. Afterwards followed ''_ some very choice gems of vocal and instrumental inusic' by agloo club from tho Boston 'Musical Con servatory, received with bursts' of applause, by tlio convicts. Boforo announcing the pardons, the warden nimlu a brief address,' complimenting tho prinonoi'H on thoir exemplary conduct during tho yunr, and expressing rogrot that tho boon of liborty could not full on more of them. Tho ' dull Union,' he said, had boon felt in the prison tho samo as outside, and tho contracts for thoir labor now did not afford work for moro than half their number. After a few nioro roiuarks of a kindly and complimentary natiiro, ho alluded to tho matter of 'pardons,' which ho presumed was upporinost in tho minds of his audience (horo tho convicts expressed their concurrouco by another burst of applause). A dead silence, howover, followed ns the warden produced from his poekot a scaled envelope he had received from tho governor, containing, ho said, some pardons, but how many and for whom ho had not the slightest idea. Taking up ono of fho documents, tho wardon smiled, and remarked, 'Well, I like that name,'- which was forthwith announced, nmid breathless suspense, ? as 'Timothy Cronin.' Ah tho words fell from tho warden's lips, there wont up ti loud and simult aneous shout of approval from all tho prisoners, and Cronin, who suems at ono timo to havo buen nn unmitigated villain, but now is a respectable gray-haired old mnri, recoivod tho hearty con gratulations of his fellow-captives. The other pardons fell on a venorablo murdoror named M'Grath (who wns escorted homo by his family to a Thanlcjgiving dinnor), and on Michael am John Ryan— tho first a murdoror, the second a highway robhor. Tho unpardoned prisoners woro then' allowod to mingle together for nn hour, aftor which they woro ontertninod at a 'sumptuous -Thanksgiving feast.' — ' Courier.' Aphioa.— Africa, tho reproach of the googra phors, a distinction which it, however, shares with Australia, is year by year, if not month by ? mouth, bocoming bettor known. Thoro are always moro, than one expedition in tho field pushing their way boyond tho boundaries of tho previously known regions. Thoro aro now two or throo English oxploring parties in tho great lako country. Lieutenant Camoron, whon last hoard of, wns at tho south ond of tho great Inko, Tnmgauyika, whore ho had discovered its outlet. Tho current of the outflowing stroam wns small, about a milo and a quarter, an hour, and he wont only four or fivo miles down, his furthor pro gross being stopped by floating grnss and enor mous rushos. He bolieves that this stream joins the Lualaba, and that tho Lualnba is tho Congo. Tho ovidenco in.favorof this view is oxtromoly slight. It was Lieutenant Cameron's intontion, in May last, to traco down tho Lunlaba to the western const. The journey would, he estimated, occupy tif ty days, so that ho may ? now bo con sidered ovorduo at tho mouth of tho Congo. Mr. Stanley, tho loader of tho Proas expedition, is supposod to have left Zanzibar in tho middle of November, proceeding towards the Victoria N yanssa lakes, and thence to tho Albort Nyanza, whoro some geographical problems await solu tion. In this, howevor, he may bo forestalled, for Colonel Gordon ia already on the ground, with the anino objoct in view. Beyond this point, Mr. Stnnloy has a roving commission, and he cannot himself toll whero noxt ho is likely, to be hoard from. Before starting for tho intorior ho did some good work in oxploring tho mouth of the river Lufiji, which appears likely to bo como a highway for trade, and to offer command ing points for operating against tho slave trade. , Tho reeont annexation of-;Darfur tp?:Egypt will open a now highway to oxplorora which will not long remain nnuaod. Lieut. Grnndy, ? who had boon sent out by the Congo route to search for Livingstone, sent a roport of his proceedings to tho Geographical Society, and it wns rend at tho mooting of tho 14th of Docembor. It claims for tho Congo tho distinction of boing ono of tho grandest vivora in tho world, but it is navigable for only 110 milos from its mouth. — ' Londor.' A Mortified Bride.— A Brooklyn brido's lmir foil down, and fell nfl-'rinnmr tlin nnrnmniiir iii church tho othor ovoning. Thoro was an in stant's pauso, but nobody was bravo enough to stoop down and pick up tho blondo stuff and hair pins. Tho bride loft the church loaning heavily on her husband's arm. Hor faco was vory rod, and a sprout of hair (possibly eleven hairs in all) stuck out of tho back of horhoad, tied with a bit of shoestring. And now hor pa is moan onough to rofuso to pay the poor hair drossor's bill. Alias. — -l Sakos ulivo,.I would no moronanio a boy Alias than nothing in .tho world. Thoy'ro allus cutting up aomo caper. Here's Alia3 Thompson, Alias William, Alias tho Night Hawk, all been up for stealing.' . Reading tho groat Spurgoon's declaration that ' a cigar is a thing to thank God for,' a Liborty stvoot Bohool-boy bought a oigar. Ho wns after wards suon hanging over n'fonco. but ho was ijot giving thanks, . 