TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL FOR GOLD. A CHRISTMAS GHOST STORY. There was not a prettier picture ^anywhere than the water mill, where' the -country people in the neighbourhood -ofJJariitortli took their wheat J to be ground* It was worth a Joni; walk' to see the 'Old Crook, as it was •called, turn the great wheel, and dance in a.thousand clitlcting 'from -every mossy timber; and to Ihear it, atter it ttroko away from the task and darted of under the great >black arch lielow, was to be deafened with wild and "turbulent music. " frank Underwood, tbe owner of the Old Brook mill, «ud,the'proprietor 5>f the £celiouse close by, was once *erj poor, «nd, paradoxical as it-may 'appear, was suddenly ruined by becoming very rich. WFen he was a young fellow, tfte pride ol the neighbouring village, the bope of the adjaicent town, and the betrothed of Alice iMartin, a rich nncle died and left him iieir to a - fine estate, upon which stood the Old Brook mill, v With an approved worldliness that yon might hardly have looked foriu such • a tquiet rural district, young Underwood broke off the engagement between .liimsell' and Alice; but he wa* punished lor his perGdy. Riotous living and unfortunate speculations soon reduced hi in to ruin and bankruptcy, and, like maoy another, when he lost his gold he t .si his friends too. Tlie tuiily being who did not desert hliri'-Avas the sweetheart- ol his boyhood. When those who had been his companions-in the days of his wealth, had lelt hid), »l>e hastened to him to be a^coiiilort and solace ii. his misery. Biii j Alice Martin tell a sacrifice to hrr devotion and her lover's insincerity, caudal wove its meshes about lic'i- lair ol the Midler ol a lather's roof. Tlie blaw lell l«io heavily for her we.ik nature to bear, and a frozen corpse, taken liom the Old Brook .-. >.>.1 iiioiwards, told her sad tale •>; stitleiiiiJ and [Wtfe. Alter this Frank Underwood stood alone in ^hc world, a friendless and wretchied maD. Securing by loon enough mouey to purchase the mill where his uncle had made bis money, Frank left the big town where he had becu unfortunate, and, as years rolled on, he -rcgaiued nearly all the lost estate/ By-and-by everything he touched .ijcemed. to turn into gold. The country people said he had sold himself to the devil. lie became a thorough, .^money-grubbing, snarling skinflint {ike old Scrooge, and lie baa ^he iame'Jiatred of Christmas, and, iudeed, for every other festival which io ihy way interfered with his worldly arrangements. What Scrooge was to tho -city ol London, Underwood was to;'the ; i3arnlorth district; and I can • vouch for the truth of every detail connected with ibis history ol his love affair with Alice Martin. it! was evenings Tile Cliri-tmas chimes w«re ringing in the villages, aud the dear, old-fashioned music came snuuding through the air from Oldbrook, For an hour or mote the miller sat rocking hiiuielf to and Iro in his chair. At length the .night grew darker and -darker, until, save now and then in the'''flicker ol tho fire'iglit, he could scarcely see across his little room. I'-he noise in the village grew still, tlie liells ceased lelling their " tidings ol real joy ," and the regular " tick-tack, tick-tack" of the old clock on the stairs became more distinct. The (ire was low, the wind was hij;h, aud now and then a hiss on the smouldering ashes told of the snow without. Presen ly old Underwood looked up, and found that lie was not alone V figure was seated opposite to him, watching him with a huge pair ol lustrous eyes, which,lorn time, held him iu motionless fascination. . But the miller had a stout heart, lie soon rallied, aud demanded the business ot his mysterious visitor. The shadow with the eyes informed him that he was the representative of his uncle, -who, when he died, leunsig that bis heir might be a spendthrift, had buried a large amount ul treasure near the oak tree on the common, lie felt, imu that his nephew had gone tluonah the lire ot adversity, sieen the re>ult ol extravagence, and had tinned out so excellent a uioneygeitier, t.iat he cou'd tiot Test in his grave whhout Frank dug up the hidden treasuie. " J U do it, I'll do it. it ii's all lair and -1111 hinnttut;, .Mr What's yourname," said 1 lie miller, treiubliiii; before the shadow. I hen follow me." said (he visitor. To inorro i ,'' replied old Frank, the miller; to morrow I'll dig it up." "To-night you shall do it —tonight !" said the spirit. The window shook, a gust of wind rushed down the -chimney, the doors opened with a bang, and the miller followed his ghostly visitor into the freezing -Christmas air. The miller saw nothing but the .glaring e\es of the ghost, and ho lullowed them until be stood by the old oak tree on the common. A -spade and pick-axe wi re lying l)y the tree, and the miser, despite the coming infirmity of age, went lustily to work. For an hour he turned "up thi; soil —tor an hour the spirit stood by, glaring by the gold-finder. Suddenly the axe struck against a bard substance. " 'Tis-therel" said the spirit. " *Tis there!" went echoing over 1he common. " "fis there!" was repeated by u thousand voices in the air. The miller would have fallen, all but speechless, bad he not suddenly discovered that bis visitor had departed. Out he soon rallied again. The passionate craving for gold was 'upon him, and he resumed his digging. Tbe substance with which his axe had come iu contact was an oldfashioned uro, full of guineas, uotes on a local bank,-and precious stones. It. was all the miller could do to lift it.. '•" " Oh, oh," he chuckled, as he feasted his eyes upon it. "I can satisfy my grudge against Simpkios and Co. There will be a ruu on the Oldbrook Bank to- morrow. Why should I help the poor}" he continued, as if answering a question suggested by some inward monitor " I was poor myself. Nobody helped me. The poor, indeed, with ibeir ' Merry Christmas " Until the perspiration rolled down his (ace, the miller laboured to put the tirn and its treasure on his shoulder, and at lust he succeeded. But why does he tremble? Why do bis eyes appear to be starting Iron) bis head ? Why does lie sink to the earth, and cry for mercy ? The urn h.is chdiiticd. On the miller's shoulder crouches a demon, tearlul to con template ! It is pectiiii: into his face with a fiendish griu. The old ouk t-'i-e, too. is changed. Jabbering spire.-, -ire swinging about in the creaking branches, and swarming arouud the supplicating miser. They liiss at him, and the air is filled with their fiendish laughter. At this moment the miller would gladly have given up ono half of his wealth to have been once more at home at liis-mill. He prayed loudly aud fiercely for mercy, and, hoarse with crying, he fell senseless to the earth, at the foot of the old oak tree. By-atid-by he was' raised froiri the earth. At his side stood the figure which had first lured him from home, but without that teriible appearance which it had at first assumed. . The tree had disappeared ; the common, too, was gone; and there was a weight upon the miller's back which needed uo carc on his part to keep it there. " Whore are we ?" asked the miller, turning to his ghostly atteudant. " Ask no questions, but pay attention to what thou seest. I have driven honce the fiends who terrified thee, and am now here, at the com mand of my master, Time, to (show thee pictures cf the past. The veil ol the future will also be partially lifted to ihy gaze, but it is in tby power to alter what I shall there show thee. Thy deeds iu the past have -been judged. Thy yesterday, a furrow on , the sand, has been washed out by the. returning tide ol to-day. The future alone is open to thee," said the -host. They were at the outskirts of -i beautiful village. Tlierewas alraar.ini smell of newly-mown hay in the air- Trees, clothed in all the beaulilul verdure of refulgent summer, stretched long leafy arms over the spot where Frank and his companion stood, the shades of eveniog hung a inisty mantle around them, which the pale moon, just rising, strove iu vain to disperse. A youth was walking in ; the mooulight, and a gentle girl leaned lovingly ou his arm. The gaii> ol a peasant set oil'the manly lorin ol' the youth. The maid was also clad simplv, aud her long brown IMU tell in careless tresses over ln-r sho.il lers. " It is ! it is !'' exclaimed F, ink. much excited. " Silence!" said the ;>host. " Listen !" "Alice, dear Alice," whispered the youth, " when «e have money enough,, marriage shall free yo.i from this per.secutiou. Fear not. lire long I shall earn more; and some day when poor old uncle leaves this world, 1 may be rich-" " Hush, dear Frank ! We will not build our hoped 011 the dead 1 have saved a little, aud we shall ycl be happy. I do not desire that we should lie iicli." " But that fellow James is weallty, and he would marry you to-inorrow He loves you, too, "and miuhi make you happy. He -can give you comforts which you may never look to have with tne, dear Alice." " If you love me, Frank, is not that cuoiitih lor me? Could I not suffer,'if ' it were necessary, and be happy still, if you were by my side?" " Bless you I" exclaimed the youth, clasping (he hand ot Alice with lervor, aud pressing a hot, burning kiss upon her forehead. " You shall never regret your love, Alice." And they walked slowly BWay beneath the elm trees. Oh, let us follow them ! Good ghost, pray let us follow them. 1 know them well. We are iu my native village. The beautiful girl i- Alice." " And the youth is Frank Underwood," replied the ghost. " i would follow them," said the miller. " 'Tis useless. Whomsoever you sec, they cannot see you. Wu arc 10 them no more than air ; these arc ihe shadows of the past," said the ghosi. Frank attempted to follow the lovers, uotwithstandiog, but the weight on his back pulled him to the earth. " Take it away—gold or diamonds, remove the weight!" groaned the old man ; but still it pressed heavily upon him. " I meant to be true to her, I did, indeed," said the old man. (7o be concluded in our next). 