THE NEW SYSTEM OF BORING GUNS. " The Choke-Bobe." According to Greener, every sportsman with a gun on this system is to become a perambulating genius of destruction, from whom no bird inside of 100 yards will have a ghost of a chance. It is not by any means a new idea, as Pape, of Newcastle, tried it about fourteen years ago, and abandoned it under the im pression that the great amount of friction would be fatal to the barrels. The prin ciple is very simple; it consists in the bore decreasing in diameter from the breech to the muzzle, so that the shot will have a concentrating tendency on leaving the barrel, and there can be no doubt but it gives a better pattern, as the recent trial of guns by Greener, Maleham, and Baker, show 183, 194,198, and as high as 210 pellets of No. 6 shot in a 30-inch target at forty yards, but the penetration is not equal to the old style of gnn. The choke-bore system is badly applicable to muzzle-loaders, on ac count of the wad being too small on reaching the charge, but a modification of the bore would go far to meet this difficulty. There can be no doubt whatever that the friction of the shot is very great towards the muzzle, and that much more of the charge is jammed out of shape than by the ordinary gun : but still the action of lead on laminated steel would need to be of long duration to seriously injure the barrel. It is of little consequence to many British sportsmen if they have to buy a new gun every season, but an Australian would expect to hand Ms down to the third and fourth generation. We cannot afford to purchase a forty-guinea gun every year out here* but the time, will come when the wealthy Queenslander shall go forth with his brace of pointers, his choke-bore, his ventilated coat, his Glengarry boots or Lome brogues, and an impermeable hat, to revel in fields of partridge, pheasants, grouse, hares, and every other kind of European game, without that degenerate system of beating and driving which has brought shooting into contempt. Greener lauds this new system of boring into the seventh heaven of perfection, but then we know that he is the chief maker and most deeply interested; besides, Greener is such a capital hand at blowing, as to rival the " Colonial" of " Anthony the Truthful r That he is a first-class gun maker is indisputable, but that there are many others equally good is just as certain; but Greener claims to be Ajax Telamon, and so long as this is granted, he cares veiy little who may be Ajax the Less! Pape, of Newcastle, is a formidable'rival. He defeated Greener in 66, a fact which the latter has not forgotten yet, nor is he ever likely to, for Pape is nevertheless quite able to make as good a gun as Greener at anv time. The field is undoubtedly tne greatest I authority on guns, and to that source must we look for reliable information, for it is a journal not at all likely to favor one gun maker more than others. Maleham has also defeated Greener in the late trial with the choke-bores, by ob taining a better penetration and an increased pattern. Now Greener professed and pro fesses to make guns for any one that will give a pattern of 208 at forty yards in the 30-inch taxget, and yet his highest in the competition is 191, and we may feel satis fied he used the best gun he could find. The latest novelty is a gun by Lang, j which differs from the ordinary one by being self-cocking. It is on the Lefeau-! cheaux principle, but on pressing the lever j the gun is opened, and the hammers brought I to full cock with the one motion. This; gives greater rapidity of fire, and is decidedly a capital idea. There is a trem endous spirit of emulation amongst such gunmakers as Greener, Pape, Dougail, Turner, Maleham, Lancaster (2), Boss, Tin dall, Woodward, Grant, Horsley, Holland, Purdey, Blissett, Rigby, Reilly, Berry, Woods, Westley Richards, Cogswell and Harrison, Needham, Adams, Fuller, Daw, Blanch, Scott, Hollis, Powell, Richards, Crane, Walker, and, in the words of Viigil, a host of others too numerous to mention. Guns from any of the above makers are likely to be genuine, because they have a name and reputation to sustain, and con sequently allow no barrels to receive their names unless of first-class make. The reader will bear in mind that the guns I speak of are high class, and not three-pound-ten Brummagems that so much resemble the Arab's gun which hung fire until the enemy walked out of range, and then burst and blew the Arab's headioff. In this country, where hundreds of boys are allowed out with cheap guns, with not the slighest idea of using them, and entirely ignorant of the danger attached to the treatment they give them it is a wonder there are no more accidents from the use of firearms; but it is not difficult to explain the small number of barrels bursted, and the scarcity of accidents from that cause. In the first place the most common Birming ham barrels and the cheapest rubbish exported require a pressure to burst them which is rejnarkable. They are made of good iron, with plenty of metal in the breech,1* and reooive no dressing after re .ceiving the proof-ihafks from the JLosion !o» Birmingham proof-masters, and there fore are comparatively safe to a certain extent, although the. proof- marks on a gun rare" not as guarantee of absolute freedom from dangtejy especially the higher class gursBj as tliej> are tested with the proof charge with tfetbaBrela in the rough, and are dressed down and'polished afterwards. A barrel of 0 lbs, when tested, might be afterwards dreased down to 3 lbs, and yet the proof-marks remain intact; and conse quently we must rely more upon the in tegrity of the gunmaker than the proof masters, It is a serious mistake testing I the rough barrel instead of the finished/trae. Common guns of the colonial stamp are nearly always loaded with weak common powder, and as boys have a decided objec tion to the violent recoil of a heavy charge, they only use such charges as entail very little danger from a defunct barrel. In the rough unfinished bore of a cheap gun very small charges produce a recoil double that of the same fired from a highly polished barrel, and therefore the "kick" of the " Brcmmy" lies the comparative safety diseolutioD. Diamond grain is the powder most liable to1 burst a gun-barrel, its greatest strength and sadden and violent ignition exerting a tremendous strain 011 the breech end. _ Let any sportsman fire three drams of this powder aud one and a Quarter ounce shot, and then try three drams of No. 6 powder with the same charge of shot, and the difference of recoil is astonishing. The coarser the powder, the less recoil, less damage to shot, less strain on the gun, and altogether far better results in shooting. The objection to gun cotton is its instantan eous ignition, which gives a great recoil, and immense pressure on the breech end. Its advantages are its cleanliness, and not giving smoke to obscure the view. It is used in England by a good many sportsmen, but it is inferior to gunpowder, and not at all likely to supersede it. Schultze's wood powder gives little smoke er recoil, and is an excellent powder to use. The powder most used in England is the No. 3, 4, 5, and 6 grain powder of Curtis and Harvey, or Pigou and Wilks. I forgot to mention in the first part of this article, that though Maleham made the highest single shot, Greener was best in the average. Maleham put 240 pellets in a 30-inch, circle, at 40 yards, with a 12 f bore Damascus, 30-inch, loaded with three drams powder and one ounce chilled shot. This is really an extra ordinary pattern, and at 30 yards would cut a bird to pieces and «poil it altogether. To show the irregularity of shooting, some of the shots were at 53, and up to 240—a difference of 187 pallets, which looks bad for the choke-bore in comparison with '66. —Ramhod. 