PASTORAL LETTER Op John Bede, by the Grace of God and THE FAVOUR OF THE HOLY APOSTOLIC See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia, To the Clergy and the Faithful of the Archdiocese, Health and Benediction in the Lord, Deakly Beloved, — It is our solemn and joyful duty to announce to you the commencement of the Anno- Santo, or the Jubilee of the Holy Year, in this Arohdiocese of Sydney. That venerable Pontiff, who rules the Ghnroh of God, a saint, and we may almost say a martyr, has lifted up his voice, and has proclaimed tho Universal Jubilee, — the recurrence of a special season of xnorcy, grace, and comfort to the tnillious of his children. Though practically a prisoner in the hands of those who have every oanse to love him best— a prisoner because ho Una '* lr\TrofI infl'ino nnd llafr.arl inirtiiifir ' alill his utterances, like the echoes of a olarion, are caught up and lovingly cherished throughout his wide-spread Empire; and now, in every zor.e, accents of salvation and expiation, of grace and redemption, of pardon and indul gence, calls to prayer and to repentence are heard, and are obeyed all the more readily by his children, just because their Father has become the butt and scoru of the sensualist and the infidel. And what now takes place in the Christian Churoh was clearly forehadowed in the Elder Covenant. The Jubilee Year of the chosen people — tho fiftieth year after the succession of seven Sabbatioal years— was inaugurated on the Day of Atonement with the blowing of trum pets, and by a proclamation of universal liberty. Tho soil was Jefc fallow : the plough man and the seedsman, the harvestman.and the vinedresser ceased ft'om their labour. WhatH ever sprung up into blade or fell into seed, or unfolded into flower, or ripened into fruit, became the property of whatever hand thought fit to gather it. Every Israelite returned to St his possession and his family,' that is to say, reoeived back again to his own keeping what ever land he himself had parted with, or had been disposed of by any of his ancestors. . All Jews who were in bondage either to their own countrymen or to foreigners were set at liberty. The word Jubilee seems to mean a rushing penetrating sound, and would appear to refer to the blowing of trumpets which, on the Day of Atonement, inaugurated the joyful period of liberty and refreshment. The two chief effects of the Jewish Anno Santo, was to restore to each Israelite that por tion of the Land of Promise which had originally been made, over to his family through the covenant with Jehovah j whilst the hireling or the sojourner was permitted to ' return to his kindred and to the possession of his fathers.' Such was the shadow or type of the good things to oome. God is the Author both of type and antitype, of the old moroies, and of the new dispensations. We are told in Leviticus that ?' the Lord spoke to Moses on Mount. Sinai, 6aying ; Speak to the ohildren of Israel, and thou shalt aay to them —Thou shalt sanctify the fiftieth year, and shalt proclaim remission to all tho inhabitants of thy land, for it is the year of Jubilee. Every man shall return to his pos sessions, and every one shall go back to his former fatnilv. because it is the Jubilee and the fiftieth yean You shall not sow, nor reap the things that grow in the field of their own accord, because of the Sanotification of the Jubilee.' And as the Lord in the old days oonversed with Moses, His servant, so in the new does He speak to Peter, and, in him, to them who have iuherited his privileges and powers. What he aouiarea co Peter He says still to Pius : 'I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven ; and whatever thou shalt bind upon earth, it shall be bound also in Heaven ; and whatever thou shalt loose upon earth, it shall be loosed also in Heaven.' As Peter was chief Pastor and ruler over all the fold, so also is Pope Pius. Again, the solemn words : ' Feed my lambs ; feed my Bheep,' which were addressed to the Prince of Apostles — who, to use the weighty words of a general oounoil, ' lives, presides, and judges, to this day and always in his successors the Bishops of the Holy See of ( Rome, whioh was founded by him, and conse crated by his blood' — are no less addressed to each of the glorious line of pontiffs, and equally, therefore, to Pius as to tho rest. In a word, if Moses waa the Ambassador of God to His select people, the figure of a better covenant, so 'theRomau Pontiff is the true Vicar of Christ, and the head of the whole Church and the Father and teacher of all Christians ; to him in blessed Peter was delivered by our Lord Jesus Christ the full power of feeding, ruling, and governing the whole Church.' And just as Moses proolhimed his Jubilee to his people through the command of iho Almighty God, so have the sovereign pontiffs, w^ora in shadow he represented, proclaimed, through the power given them by our Lord, to the Church spread throughout the world, that still more precious and more graoious Jubilee which belongs to the Christian Dispensation. ' Let the whole Church militant of Jesus Christ,' exclaims Pope Pius, ' receive the words in which, with a view do her .own exaltation and the sanctifioation of Christian people, and to the glory of God, we desire, proclaim, and publish the great and general Jubilee for the whole of the year 1875, now ensuing, and by reason of this Jubilee, we, of our own free will and that of the Holy See, do suspend, and de clare to be suspended, the indulgence above mentioned, whioh wes granted in form of 1 Jubilee on the oooasion of the Vatican Goutioil ; and we open wide the heavenly treasni'e formed of the .merits, of the sufferings, and of the virtues of Jesus Christ Our Lord, and of Ilia Virgin Mother, and of all the Saints which the I Author of men's salvation has committed lo our :' stewardship.' '?? : ! Now, what is a Christian Jubilee ? It ia-% Bolema plenary indulgence, to whioh certain pri. ' vilegej are attached, granted byn Sover-fen Pontiff under certaiu conditions. Waa- the ? an indulgence? It ia a freeing of the truly penitent from the temporal punishment whinh their sins have deserved. And this after, and rmf bafore, the sins themselves— as to their nniu and eternal punishment-have been remitfcerl by the saoramont of penance, or by tierf^ contrition This distinction oomee out veiv clearly if it be b-irne in mind that guilt and punishment are far from being the same thin* A man is guilty of a murder ; and, therefore' he suffers the punishment of hanging Th hanging is one thing, the murder is another By true sorrow and sincere confession the guilt of mortal sin, and also its eternsl punish noenfc, ia remitted. But though the everlasting flames of hell are escaped, repentance is seldom so perfect as to wholly f,eo the sinner from suffering and punishment in this life, or from the penal fires of Purgatory in the world to oome. Now, it is from thin temporal punish ment-winch is Remanded by the justice of Almighty God— that tho repentant and oar doned sinner is freed by gainiiii- an indulgence For example : David, as a murderer, deserved the eternal punishment of hell. He repented ? 'I have sinned,' he said, ' against the Lord ' Nathan replied : ' The Lord also hath taken away thy sin : thou shalt not die.' Hero the sia is forgiven, and the eternal punishment remitted ? but, still, a piercing temporal sorrow was to' take its place j '? Nevertheless, becanse thou' hast given occasion to the enemies of the Lord to blaspheme, for this the ohild that is born to thee shall surely die.' Now, had ihero been suoh things aa indulgen cies in the days of David, and had the royal penitent gained one— had the Almighty on account of it spared to him his son, then wo should have had a dear example of the for. giveness of guilt and the remission of eternal ? punishment through true repentance and con fession, and then of a bitter temporal infliotion atill to be undergone, or, rather, to be escaped through a special covenant of mercy, suoh aa that of indulgence. The justice of God may be satisfied either by suffering or by love. St. Paul tells us how we can atone by suffering j ?« If any man's work burn,' he says c ' he shall suffer loss, yet he himself shall be saved yet so as by fire.' St. Luke shows how we can atone by love. ' Many sins are forgiven her because she hath loved mnoh.' Nor ia it enough to fulfil the conditions afc tached to the indulgence, in order to be freed from temporal punishment, We must not only do something, but we must also be something to attain the desired end. We should not only comply with the instructions of the Holy Father, bnt we should, moreover, be in suoh perfect interior dispositions of heart and spirit, as to be oapable of receiving the cancelling of our punishment. We must be in perfect charity with God, and be perfectly detached from sin. With all our best efforts never oan we be certain of having arrived at that point at which we are freed from temporal punishment. And, hence we should keep humble, and live in holy fear, using all the msre strenuously our best endeavour to fit ourselve3 as perfectly aa possible for the influences of God's saving grace, and for the reception of His bounty; trusting wholly to Him, to ourselves not at all ; I for all forgiveness and rflmissinn and all flia necessary dispositions for these, oome from His hand, and are the outoome of His gracious ness towards His creatures. Thus it becomes very plain that a Jubilee or nn Indulgence, far from being a sanction to oommit orime, or a pardon for past and future delinquencies, is, ia reality, in spits of the misrepresentations of controversialists, a stronglstimulus to works of penance and deep contrition — a spur to urge men on to deeper self-abasement, and, in oon* sequence, to profounder love. He who haa already been pardoned his sins through pea anoe, and by perfeot charity and true fulfil ment of (he conditions of a Jubilee aims at wiping out the temporal distre»s consequent on those, sins, is, by the very doing of this, ap proaching nearer to Christ, and rendering him self a most powerful advocate before the throne of God. And hero it may be asked, When was the firsb Jubilee granted to the Christian world? Some believe that Jubilees were given ia Apostolic times ; others fix them at a later date. Some say the first JuHlee was aooorded by Pope Callixtus. It is certain that Pope Alex ander III. gave one in 1159. Boniface VIII. fixed the Universal Jabilee for every hun* dredth year ; and it is very probable that, even in earlier times, a pilgrimage to the tomb of the Apostles, and the reoeption of the Sacraments of Penance and the Holy Buoharist were amongst the essential conditions of gaining suoh indulgences. On acoounfc or the vast concourse of Dilerrims who beaeijed Rome in his Pontifi* cats, Pope Boniface Vlll. granted a plenary indulgence to all who, having confessed aud communicated, should visit the Churohes of Sts., Peter and Paul— if strangers, fifteen times, if residents, thirty. Giovanni Villani, a contemporary chrouioler, assures us that during the Jubilee granted by this Pontiff, tha number of pilgrims in the eternal oity— exclu- ding those who were journeying thither, and those who were returning home — was never below two hundred thousand. Matthew Villani speaks of the average number in hia day as being about one million. Ia coarse of time, Jubilees beoame more frequent ; at the earnest request of the Roman people, Pope Clement VI., in 1359, fixed its celebration for every fiftieth year. Urban VI«, in 1778, re duced it to every twentyfthird year; and Paul II., in 1470, made the interval still shorter, ap pointing the recurrence for every tvventy.ntfca year. . „ To grasp and fully realize the meaning ot a Christian Jubilee in its depth and breadth, we must fix our eyes on the eternal oity of Rome. Rome in old times, in the days of the laso Ceesars, had become a Cloaca Maxima, in«* 1 . iVh every iniquity of the world flowed, S a resting-place. But gradually the c in the heavens/and Peter from his spiri JrL tanghfc the divine maxima of faith, pur d love. Soaring far beyond the flight of I JLBn eagle, the dove of Christian oha I ' '^ her wings, and bore the olive brand I ill and peace to new and rising worlds, i i ','' dark cabins and savage lairs of barbat I Mhes, lifting them np with the rest to I lorsbip of the cross— teaching the world I i ok Konie- wards, towards that adamam I «h jr of faith and practice, from which I It Vicar of our Lord rales the vast Spiril I 8 . 0 se(; np -withont bands, and to end are I eL,. He had but to speak, and his oommi I L obeyed with cheerful reverence. All kr I the Pope to be tho representative of Him ' v I Lite holy and the true, Him that hath I Ls of David, Him that openeth and no n I shnttetb, that shuttoth and no man openetr I B||aoknowledged His power to bind and to loc I Tje through Christ's gift, could forgive the pe I tenl end remit temporal punishmenfc.Jdue I iorgiVen sin. And men with a vivid sense 1 ^enormity °f crime, and of the justice of ' I Eighty, were filled with deepest gratiti I ea0|, time a new Sovereign Pontiff proclaim I the Holy year. 1 Tbe Popes themselves also felt that such - I caBiOus as these roused up fehe sleeping fail I and stirred np the drowsy love of the Christi I fforld : that snoh extraordinary opporlunit I awlniercies would produce extraordinary effeo I and thab the whole Cburoh Militant, joining I oneuoited beaven»piercing prayer to the Merc I seat, would draw down blessings, not men I onmtn one by one, but upon the larger infearo; I of religion, on the Holy Church herself, a 1 bring a ray of compassionate light upon the I who were sitting in darkness and the shadow i of death beyond her pale. II Had one of our forefathers left an account f 1 Ms children of a Roman Jubilee, he would pc I libly have written to the following effec i When it bad become generally known that t] 1 Sovereign Pontiff was shortly to proolairn tl I Holy year, thousands of the faithful of Lor I Wy and Southern Etaly, leaving their ocoi § patiooB, set off for tho eternal city. Towan I isceDBion Day Some began to fill. The stree 1 we thronged wirh strange faces, and th I cbnrohes were besieged by eager worshipper! 3 praying before the blessed Sacrament, or mat I ing devotions at some holy shrine, or meditatic a before some favourite image, or offering car. die 1 to bnrn in honour of some miraculous pictui 1 oreome patron saint. On Ascension Day itse |j tie Pope promulgated tbe Anno Santo. Bub 1 msnoi until the eve of Christmas Day that th I Bolemn inauguration of the Jubilee took placi I By this time the Eternal oity had become th H home of many nations and many tongues. No I oily the poor and the lowly bid ajaieu to Ihei i cottages by the quiet river side, or abandonee E Iteir flocks in the highlauds, or lefo their not » up the strands, and shut up everything, tha 1 theynii4ht make pilgrimage to the tombs of th H Apostles ; bat Kings, for instance, of Naple 1 atd Denmark and Norway, and Queens o 1 Cjprnsand Bosnia, with a great gathering o H princes, nobles, and seigneurs from every quar 1 to of the world, and olnd in the garb of pil | grimi, were also journeying by different routes m roth their faces set towards St. Peter's — travel I Jug, not as we do to-day, easily and speedily I Mmth many hardships to put up with, anc B no lew perils of li.e and limb to meet. It waf i u undertaking for once in a life : and then, I em after to be remembered. With holy sonr I and familiar hymn, and sweet reciprocal antiC I PKamltben in silent meditation, the pilgrims I pUded their way through Europe, all converg. j °20n ,one ce'tre, all to meet in one hallowed I P-the thousands approaching nearer and I yw- wntraoting their oirolo till they met I ?ia Vhoae thafc bnd u6™r met before, I S S1°emntombof St- Peter- nnder the 1 i£5ldJme °f lhe m08fc sPlendid oa^eclral I pSl° ?u8t nLofc eo t0° fasfc- The Sovereign i Sit mnlS ^^ fi/8b t0 6nter iDt° lhe °hn«* I I Ip alltude' fal1 of expectation,' fill the I 1 1 JZ-l~the °Pen 8Pao'J ™ ^onfc of St. 1 tb P^fl ?D? tho coming of tho Pope to open I i'fivo °w*5e P°ria 8ania- or Holy Door, is 1 Builiea frX v-8 by whioh yo« g° into the I 4 £ he P-iazza The? Pi^-ce the wall I fi wki?' '*?; of the ve3fcibale of the 1 Wdli f f Belf Ja in ^o propnrtioDB of a I 4 -T ,church- Th« Po^ Btmim I C b t ri8n h?ud 8ide as y°Q faoe sfc I *iin il -?-lfc3 ^r companions, it is I *!h °D l1} 1S flxed a gilt metal cross, 1 * i 1 T7 '^ Pilgriras reverentiali; s»»vby KVp M arCl8Ul-stanceia Partly worn I ^4 2 P1-983uie of countless lips. Hie °Y^maina walled np, except dur ng * 'WiKofii \1 lx -n d lfc 1S to witness the 1 N ov,tlle J'bl|ee, that so vast and ? ^?5£dv(m8lde18li Peter'flis as a sea lBei'Pty orrlt dB'.,the «reat Basilica itself I Bo!* com D2er Bllmt' und fiHed with that IN, Tha -K-- d°Ors haa ever once been I ??''tobeeu amS?l ^°BQ evory wish has up , ? j^with the J2r Slndy ?f a11 h6r C0Urfc' I IN. have rl e !dTapd P^sant of the ir6C'Cl nVo \fS de80?nd^ from the I IS?1* A. Hff i -the ve3ti°ule, until the ! 1 Wes' Al|ia,i^T'a t0 the Tomb of tho »diilh '|S!?athie» expectation on the W^- with So °te SpiriUs are heard dt **'*? IL T Paay' i3 Ascending the #!°aoh63 the HoW £rS the vestib^. ^d 'fe fees a XT* The Grand Peni, I91 [[*% savin tb! Pw-a Santa thr^ mtmmm the9 t^PonV^ WthQ ^'aSsemWage, and 2 to ffi!hXMjhu,aitend'niB near th* Greafc vo xiign Altar its strains die out, as the Panal gates Rome becomes doubled? or more so ?n ?-c- inhabitants. All am h*-nt V ' ? th missinn ? nnf * i on one ePQcial I - tn, mission not to make money, not to see si^hta ' ian not to indulge in sin-, nor in woridly Se i tea merits, nor to do the artist nor the ant quSan ? ts: but to gam the Jubilee, to make » SowSriS S? confessjon, to receive with tender love the -y- Blessed Sacrament, to do penance for tho past III of Znn fchOrOU?hiy ne* life, to be a7qmPtted ats of temporal punishments, to converse with t nd saintly men, and to pray for the Church for «e the Sovereign Pontiff, and for the world . It' t Unng th6 K°!7 Year' ean be lo°k«d t upon as an enormous Church, in which one c Z T'E^tW?™*'?'^*^ r f !1 . ? theatres are closed, all the public 1 t: entertainments are suspended. In every house- t lie hold one thing is piiQfc£S on the mind!!rthat ?t is v n6 nLA«n° S,?nt0-™h™ ^a«ter and servan ' * c- patience and meekness of his Savour, with f- [i S^g woris- a.nd bright eye' and ™™* si 8 gesture, p.eaohes to a full and silent church on t- ;o the necessity of suffering, and on the joys of a si well-earned crown. There St. Dominican vs « « fnwfffr°b^ diWplayB hi3 keeQ ancl titivated tl , IS ' ff he Proves from Scripture and in ^ hiiS lfcl0°' thf P°wer of the sovereign pontiffs to w e bind and to loose; and so to grant indulgences ei ;t and jubilees to the Christian world. Here the of r respon.ones of a thousand voices, and the w 1 solemn repeated petitions of the pri^t before tbe tr s shnne, speak of intercession before the rolioa of co «om^onfessoror martyr, or other saint, who w e has left tha odour of a blessed name, and an a examp e for every after age. Here the altar- w^ f rails show a line of devout communicants, one ' ?f hue breaking up, as another comes forward and ar \- is silently formed — till all have reverently es ? received. There is another churoh, with its se , ten or twelve confessianals, each besieged by a of \- pationt crowd of penitents, who are bent upon of , cleansing their, souls in true earnest, and on to I beginning to live more supernatural lives. Or, ev 3 it you prefer to go out into the streets, you will th meet ever and anon holy sooieties and con- su f fraternities with lamps, and cross, and banner, all ' Yu .ymna and PSilms, and a lengthened tui i following, marching solemnly and pi occasionally fro ? to visit some basilica or sacred shrine You as I cannot, under their close disguise, tell who the am . pilgrims are. But we may safely say thafc me i amongst them, walking barefooted and psni- tio tentially, are princes of the Church, bishops, in i and loraly men of royal blood, and delicately soe nurtured. No less than the labouring men they apt have to save their souls ; and they have bul abandoned, at least for the time, and that is ten something, their worldly ambitions, that they pet may seek after the higher interests of thafc the Empire of which Christ is King and Master, foo But turn into that Square or Piazza. We cannot ' * a enter it for the crowd. One with shaven head, pat and bare feet, and coarse habit is addressing it. trei His beard is long. Ib is a Capuchin. The by I multitude was too great for San Carlo or Sfc. goo I Andrea, so he has brought his congregation into as c the Piazza Navona, into the open air. He i? not preaching them a mis lion. You could, but for nee his earnest voice alone, bear a pin drop ; yet ino, that vast assemblage numbers over 15,000 A I pilgrims. All of them have come to gain the in o j jubilee, and then to return to their mountains, beir : or their plains, or their distant citie3, with hiv j resolves deeply buried in their breasts, what- keei 1 ever eleo happen to them, to gain Heaven, and him : to bring up their children in the fear of God. of i j In a word, the eternal city has become a grea* law! ; workshop of spiritual armoury ; a centre of abrc j heavenly agencies and spiritual effects.. The the world with its importunities an.l its stunning wait ; noise, h dumb for a season: Religion is in clou possession, ancl is actively aud everywhere of tl exercising herself in her heavenly calling. Smils deep are being saved, sinners reclaimed, spirits pear , renewed ; ancl the petition of thousands of strei worshippers, thrown as ifc were into one hai' eclip inonious heaven-piercing voice, asoends to the pries feet of Gjd, begging blessing on tho holy ark ^f with salvation, on tho Vicar of our Lord, and on all serie the souls for whom our Master died. ? pear Such, in su- stance, would be the narrative of and 1 o io of our ancestors regarding lhe holy year in Al Rome, . ' still, Bat bow changed is all this now ! How whic different the stato of things of which we our. neari solves are witnesses ! The Sovereign Pontiff, than bowed down with years ancl sorrows, is prayiaj-, of th poli arily, for the Church, in the midst oi after wolves who are ravening in tho fold. As Israel sovi/r fell into the hands of her enemies, into the death power of tbe Madianites, the Ammonites, and who - the Philistines, bo seems it almost to be with V., vi the Holy City, Statesmen, and they Itali who should know better, and should h atood by tha holy Ark and the Vicar of t] Lord, have been the first, to use the words - venerable palate, 'to imprison and e bishops and clergy, to leave the flo without shepherds, to confiscate churches' revenues, to suppress the mot fceiies and convents, to incorporate ecclesiasi and religious in the army, to plunder churches and monastic libraries— and to exp Religion herself, stripped and bleeding in ev- limb, the Catholic religion in the person of ] ministers, her sacraments, and her most devoi members, to be an object of profane and blasp inoua ridicule.' The Holy City, at this ve hour, instead of being the resort of devout pil grims, is the centre of European revolution, the home of doctrinaires, conspirators, and commu nists, of bandits, sectaries, and assassins. Shop windows are poisoned with indecent prints and skits on holy things, Religion dare hardly show herself in public. She is greeted with ribald jests and serenaded with impious songs if she venture to tread where she can be insulted with impunity. The knife and the poignard are ready in dark and unfreqnented streets or paths, to wound or dispatch the victim who is bold enough to thwart the wills of lawless men, or to dedicate his life to the service of his Maker Whilst the public imagination is fed by infidel journals, which live upon slander of the clergy and the Church, and the blasphemy and ridicule of holy things : ' How is the gold become dim the finest colour is changed, the stones of the sanctuary are scattered in the top of every street . . The noble sons of Sion, and they that were clothed with the best gold— how a they esteemed as earthern vessels, the work the potter's hand. Her Nazarites were whiter than snow, purer than milk, more ruddy than old ivory, fairer than the sapphire — their face is now made blacker than coals, and they are m known in the streets, their skin hath stuck their bones, it is withered, and is become lit wood.' Yes ; the wave of iniquity is beatin against the holy Tower of David. It is fierce ; it is terrifying to the imagination of the nature man. ' The floods have lifted up, 0 Lord, th floods have lifted up their voice— the floods have lifted up their waves, with the noise of many waters.' Still, why should the watchman fear ' I will set the sand,' says the Lord, '*a boun for the sea, an everlasting ordinance, whioh i shall not pass over, and the waves thereof shal toss themselves and skull not prevail, they shal swell and shall not pass over ib.' For eightee] centuries has the power of evil wrestled witl the Church of God and its Vicar— simply bear ing out the last year more forcibly than the oa which preceded it, by the fierceness and persist ence of the contest, the truth of the phophecy of Daniel, when he said : ' The God of Heaven will set up a kingdom that shall never be des- troyed ; and it shall break in pieces and shal consume all those kingdoms (of the earth which went before it), and itself shall stand for ever.' We know our Mother, oanno1; perish, whilsi e are no less certain — certain as thafc the world lieth in wickedness' — that suffering and tria e her allotted portion. The very fact of her existence and of her claims, of her sleepless as sertion of her rights, and her bold anathemas of error, of her calm fearlessness in the presence of overwhelming odds, and her persistent claim to an immortality which is strengthened by every contest ; the way she takes for granted that though wounded she cannot die; though submerged, she will rise again and triumph over all her enemies ; and the seeming reckless ven turesomeness of her action, as it were springing from this profound conviction — draws upon her, as lightning is drawn from heaven, the hatred and detestation of sensual, proud, and Godless men. Her career of suffering is simply a ques tion of degree ; now she is persecuted principally in the head ; now mainly in the members ; sometimes she is visited in both ; at others, she appears for a time to rest in calm and light ; but this is simply the repose which is intermit b between the storms. It is her lot to per iuate the life of Christ upon the earth ; and i Vicars of Our Lord have had to walk in the tprints of their Master ; to exhibit themselves s the ministers of God,' that is, 'in much ience, in tribulation, in necessities, ia dis- i 3ses, in stripes, in prisons, in seditions honour and dishonour, by evil report and d report, as deceivers and yet true . ; tying and behold we live, as chastized and killed, as sorrowful yet always rejoioing ; as - riy ancl yet enriching many ; as having noth« ' and possessing all things ' J .b the present hour the Chu-ch is engaged ' ne of her fiercest oontests, ancl her ruler is I ig visited by trials greafc indeed— still auch n* ; e pressed, perhaps oven with a deeper and aer edge, on others who have gone before , He is virtually a prisoner ; he is stripped all his temporal power and prestige ; [ S3ness and crime are allowed to walk lad in the city which he dare n »fc enter ; Papal Court is in mourning, and is silently . ;ing for a break in the h/avens and for the \ ds to roll away. Yefc it i3 not the sadness - lose attending on the dying, but oa the \ -ly suffering, who, we know, in spite of ap j auces. in God's good time, will recover y lgth again. This gloom spreads like partial se over the Christian world. Bishops and ] its, and people who have any heart to love v al, hope and pray, and look one another v wsly iu the face, waiting for the bow to ap- 8 in the heavens, the harbinger of a brighter r better day. a 1 this is as ifc must, and as it should be ; \\] it is well to bear in mind thafc troubles h fall upon ourselves often, through their oi less, press on us with a weightier g!oom -y heavier ones whioh are farther off. Think c 0 early history of the Church, when, one m the other in succession, thirty-three of our \V eign pontiffs were put to torture and to m 1 for tneir religion. Thiak of St. Martin, fu 3ied au exile and became a martyr j of Leo ar ho was oast into prison j of Benediot V., af ians was carried off into Germany ; of Benedict VI,, ave who was first imprisoned and then murdered ; lieir of John XIV., who was cast into Sfc. Angelo, )f a and died of starvation ; of Alexander III., who xile was flung into a dungeon on the very day of his cks consecration, and spent seven years of his Ponti the ficate as an exile, amongst the Italian hilla ; of ias- forty-five sovereign pontiffs, each of whom surely tics was as sorely tried as has been our own illuptri tha °us and saintly Pontiff— and you will begia ts ose realize what may almost be called the normal 3ry condition, tho inevitable lot of men whose high aer vocation it is to 'preach the Word ; to be la. bed sfcant in season out of season, to reprove3 he- intreat, arid rebuke' those who will not obey sry the Law, or subject themselves to the spiritual jil- authority which Our Lord has placed otm ;he them. iu- And what lesson do we draw from this? op Surely, that whilst we have every reason to nd grieve with our Mother's suffering, and to stand -w bravely by the Vicar of Our Lord in his hour of ild need — obeying his voice more promptly, and fal* ' he filling his will more readily than ever — still we th have no cause to entertain misgivings, What ire has been, shall be. He, who was ' the most ab* is, jeofc]of men,' and ' acquainted with infirmity,' . -ld 'whose look was, as xt were, hidden and dea fco pised,' who was 'as one Bfcruck by God and jr. afflicted,' was the very one Who 'sent forth lei j Klgmenfc unto victory,' Who ' divided the yy spoil of the strong,' and Who, at the last day. Lie will come '? with the word of command, and n, with the voice of an archangel, and with the de trumpet of God,' to judge the living and the efe dead. ey So wibh His Spouse, so with the system He set re up upon the earth. He who is «? faithful and of true' will not be wanting to His promises ; and Br the pattern of His own blessed life will be shown, m forbh in His Church unto the end. Not that we is rests our confidence on the miraculous vitality at she ha3 exhibited j,in her battlings up to th's. to she is immortal — she cannot perish, we know ce it ; still not because we have witnessed her come ig forth again and again from the arena in which, s ; had she been simply human, she would as often il have been slain ; we do not say because history te exhibits her as undying, therefore she cannot. re die ; but because she cannot die, therefore hie y tory ia constrained to write of her as fit can of ? no other polity that has ever existed on the d earth. She has not .died ; she cannot die ? fc Why ? Because God is truth ; because heaven II and earth shall pass away, but His Word shall 11 not pass away j bacauae He has endowed her a with the attributes oE an unquenchable vitality, h. springing as it were from His own divine life— \- 'lam with you aU days, even to the consume 3 mation of the world.' And when the truth ot ? thi8 prophecy— for such surely ifc is, as well as a 7 consoling promise— is illustrated and confirmed! l by the fierca ordeals of 1800 years, our faith is ? ail the more comforted and strengthened iti pro* 1 portion to the number and intensity of the i struggles through which the Ch urch has had to ' Pass i And here it may be objected— Why, then, I take any trouble to stand by the Church, if she 1 ' is in the all-powerful keeping of the Almighty ? ? Truly, were we to fold our arms, and do ? nothing she could not come to naught j bub: ' might she not be prosecuted and bruised 1 Mights' \- she not be stripped of her prestige, and. bo l wounded and broken as to be greatly impede^ in her power of doing good ? If her life $3 \Q God's keeping, her advance and victory defend very much upon us. Cannot we traoe back many of the saddest epochs of her history to the luxury, and effeminancy, to the w*rldlinesa and sensuality, to the criminal indifference and domineering pride of her children ? Is it not ? then she is most flourishing, when her people j are most charged with a spirit of seif-Baerifica 1 and supernatural charity? Again: who, though he i knew his mother was not to die, would nob, to the death , sfcandbefeween her and the ruffian who , should threaten to strike her, o.- do her Born® I dishonour ? Hence, though we live in the caln* j conviction that the Church, in spite of evil iBpiHtsancl evil men, will abide in herpW still, at the same time, we earnestly seek t&ar;©. cure victory to her side, to assiafc in pushiae her interests, to defend he- rights, and t£ eaase her i .T t? and wider Possession of the earth. Hence, her sorrow is our own : if she be wounded, we also are struck s violent hande Jaid on her seem to gripe us by th3 throat ; tho blood mounts in our cheek* when her -name is lightly spoken of ; and the sfcab directed ab her honour strikes us to the heart. Thouch she may be ever so afflicted; though ' weeping she. hath wept m tbe night and the tears arS of her cheeks » though ? ? all her. friends have despised; her and hav© become her enemies, ' though ? « her- children are led into captivity before the face* of the oppressor, and «? the enemy hath put out; his hand to a 1 her desirable things,' still we kaow, as surely as night is f llowed by break of day, that her triumph is to come : for though obscured by a cloud, we know thafc ' she is the brightness of the eternal light, and the un spotted mirror of God's majesty, and the image at His goodness, and being but one. she can do »1I things, and remaining in herself the same ne reneweth all things,' and that the present lamihation is a sure presage of her ultimata victory and frmmph. ? ^ These thoughts explain two things : the Holy father s confidence in the issue of fchestriWein vhich he is engaged ; and, then, the eagerness pith which he publishes the Jubilee, and the olemnity of his impressive exhortations to us to enew our lives, t-» make our peace with God nd then to pray for those especial objects men-' loned in the Encyclical. To love and to pray are the two great weapons, f the Christian's success in working out his tvn salvation, and in doing his part for the huroh of God,- She does not triumph arvv ore than the Christian souli by earnaL enpons ; it is the very difference in the instru-' ents and the methods of her warfare that con. sps and oversets the lordly power of the world' id drives it groaning away, aa it receives shock ter shock from that m/aterious influence which disarms suspicion by its seeming feel ness— flung as a lamb amongst wolves, or a helpless sheep led to the slaughter. So long we confront the world with spiritual weapoc eo long as we trust to love and prayer — to i power of God in us,, and the power of God ; us, just bo long shall we be more than a mat for all our enemies. It is with such arms these that the sovereign pontiffs have ever m the world ; by these moral Instruments t. weak things have confounded the strong, ' t proud have been scattered in the conceit of their hearts ; the mighty have been put down fro their seats, and the humble have been exaltecl the hungry, have been filled with good thing and the rich have been sent empty away.' What, then, aro the especial objects for whi( the Sovereign Pontiff would have us. pray, pa ticularly whilst visiting the ohurches during tl Jubilee ? He enumerates them : 1, for the pro perity and exaltation of the Catholic Church arj ,of the Apostolic See ; 2, for the extirpation - heresies; 3, for tbe peace and unity of the who! Christian people ; and 4, for his own secre special intention. Now, that our prayers may be the more inte] ligent, what aro tbe principal bars which stan in the way of the prosperity of the Church an- the Holy See, that impede the orthodoxy, peace and unity of the world ? The Holy Father's predecessor, Pope Gregor; XVI, enumerated in very strong language man; of them, Over thirty years ago, and the presen conditions of society and the civil order are th- natural outcome' of them, " We speak to you, venerable brethren,' says Pope Gregory,' addressing the bishops of the world, 'of evils which you behold with your own eyes, and which we, consequently, in com mon, deplore Perversity, science without modesty, unbridled licence are at work; full of ardour and insolence. The sanctity of the mys teries excites nothing but contempt ; and the majesty of the divine worship, that power which the mind of man can neither resist nor dispense with, has become for perverse men an object of censure, profanation, and sacrilegious derision. Thence, sound doctrine altered, and errors of every kind every where broadcast with scandal. The sacred rites, the rites and institutions of the Church, all that is most holy in discipline, are none of them safe from the audacity of these tongues of iniquity. Our chair at Borne, the See of blessed Peter, in which Christ laid the foundation of His Church, is cruelly persecuted, and the bonds of unity are daily more and more enfeebled, or violently rent asunder. The divine authority of the Church is attacked; it's rights torn from it ; it is subordinated utterly to earthly considerations, and by force of injustice it is devoted to the contempt of nations, reducing it to a shameful servitude. The obedience due to the bishops is destroyed, and their rights are trampled under foot. Academies and universi ties resound with new and monstrous opinions j and no longer in secret or obscurity do they at tack the Catholic faith, but publicly declare against it a horrible and impious war. The les sons and example of the masters thus pervert the youth ; the disasters of religion receive an an immense increase, and the most frightful immorality gains and spreads. Thus, when the sacred bonds of religion are once contemptuously cast aside, bonds which alone preserve kingdoms and maintain the power and vigour of authority, public order is seen to disappear, sovereignty perishes, add all legitimate power menaced by an ever-approaching revolution — an abyss of bottomless miseries, which these conspiring so cieties have especially dug, in which heresy and sects have, so to speak, vomited as in a sewer, all their bosom holds of licence, sacrilege and blasphemy.' Since the last jubilee, granted In 1825 by Pope Leo XII., the world has been drifting steadily in an anarchical direction. His successor, Pius VIII , had to contemn the general indifference of Christians, secret societies, the desecration of marriage, and the mutilation and corruption of the Word of God. The upheaving of civil so oiety, as a necessary consequence, followed upon the relaxation of the moral order, and the decay of the 'bonds of faith. Pope Gregory XVI saw the upas-stree gradually spread its branches. The provinces revolted ; Parma, Modena, Bolena, shook with revolution. Rome was filled with sectaries and Carbonari, and the Empire and the priesthood stood over against each other in antagonism. Then Spain, taking her lesson from France, fell into an anarchy from which she has not yet freed herself ; civil war raged in Portugal; Switzerland and Holland took to ill- using the Church ; while Prussia was preparing the way for these tyrannous persecu tions of the Falck laws which have thrown her from the light and freedom of the 19th century back amongst the arrows, hatchets, and toma hawks of uncivilized barbarians. Pius IX , on coming to the throne, preceived — to borrow words of ten made use of by himself since — that ' te Church was in conflict with an anti-social and anti-Christian revolution.' He was made Pope in 1846. He was cast out of Rome by the revolution in 1848. He was deprived of two-thirds of his patrimony ; and at this hour he is despoiled of all, save of the Vatican and its garden; whilst Victor Emmanuel has possession of his palace at the Quirinal. So far for Italy. In Prussia the same temper and greed, aggravated by aa intellectual vanity and military tyranny peculiar to a despotic imperial ists have been concentrated into a network of atrocious penal laws, which aim at the separa tion of the Church from its Head, at the destruction of episcopol authority, at the annihila tion of all discipline over priests and people, at a universal moral corruption of the whole Church and the encouragement of every form of error and at the extinction of Christian faith amongst the masss. Bishops and priests are languish ing in prison at this very hour, because they will act obey man rather than God ; because they stubbornly refuse to admit that the State is above the Church in purely spiritual legist tion, and that Pontius Pilate is right in con demniog Jesus Christ over again to another ignominious crucifixion. Unity of faith and unity of worship are gone from the thoughts of Europe. That principle of authority which finds its fullest expression in the Vicar of Christ has been snapped in twain ; and the world is full of ' wars and rumours of wars,' ' nation rising up against nation, and kingdom against king- dom ;' whilst Europe requires 5,000,000 or 6,000,000 of men armed to the teeth to maintain an intermittent peace. The rebellion of 1789 was against kings ; that of 1830 and 1848 against nobles; and now the masses of the people, like a heaving restless ocean, are drag ging down everything to the level of the fierce democracy, which, having lost its guide in the Chair of Peter, is marching towards such a reign of anarchy and terror as seems alone capable of opening the eyes of statesmen to the fearful political and religious havoc produced by modern thought. Already civil marriage and divorce have sapped the firm basis of social life; secular education, in some countries, is depriv- ing the rising generation of all distinct faith and dogmatic religion, and raising up a race of youths as shallow as pretentious, redolent of that vul- garity and self-conceit which are inseparable from the coarse paganism of a State school which professes to combine the tyranny of compulsion with the freedom of the workhouse, nationality of character with the narrow arrogance of a Godless sect, and a secular contempt for all super- natural religion with the welfare of the State and the salvation of immortal souls. Thank God, the good strong sense of the people of this colony is likely to save us from a system which is based on tyranny, and which, if ever put in action, will bring such a moral blight and disease amidst the masses of our people, as will stunt them in their growth, and ex- tinguish in their hearts those pure, those sub- lime Christian aspirations, from which the real greatness of a nation draws its vital energy. That faith in the cardinal mysteries of Christianity is dying out amongst men whom we are accustomed to call statesmen and phi- losophers, and that the public life of states and governments is becoming every day more and more estranged from the temper and spirit of supernatural religion, is evident from one end to the other of civilized society. The wedge which has thus split Christendom into fragments — fragments which are corrupting their way into the arid earth of modern paganism, a paganism which boasts ignorance of a personal God, and reduces man to the level of the ape — is formed substantially of rebellion from authority, is pointed with the 'religious difficulty,' and is driven home by the infidel logic of ''modern thought.' For 300 years and more has that wedge been doing its work. Silently at first, and under cover, now openly and in the light of day it is shivering and riving what once was held to be fundamental and of adamant in its compactness. From the days of Pope St. Pius V. to those of the reigning Pontiff, the Church has chosen her side, and has taken a firm and determined stand against the enemy. On the 8th of December, 1864, the present Pope published his Encyclical and its accompanying Syllabus, in which eighty errors, of the eighteen preceding years were condemned. The Syllabus is thrown into ten chapters : the first treating of Atheism, Pantheism, Rationalism, and Socialism ; the next three condemn errors regarding the constitution of the Church ; the eighth treats of divorce ; the ninth of the Sovereign Pontiff; and the last of liberalism, progress, and modern civilization. Then, the Encyclical describes the claims of modern thought and modern civilization: so that by means of these two calm and distinct utterances, those who seek light in the obscurity of the present, or a guide amidst the labyrinths of the future, will not seek for one in vain. They show four things : first, the old paths, the old Catholic supernatural moorings ; then, the storm-cloud and whirlpool towards which society is being carried ; thirdly, the influences which produce that movement; and, fourthly, those principles which alone are capable of drawing man back to light and peace. Then comes the Vatican Council, confuting and unmasking the false interpretations of adversaries ; declaring the infallibility of the Sovereign Pontiff, in the midst of a world which had rejected all authority ; and manifesting a unity of action and of teaching on subjects of the most vital character, which, amidst the janglings of modern philosophy offers the most sublime testimony to Catholic truth. Having thus in his glorious pontificate firmly and intelligently condemned error and published the opposite truth, Pins IX. now, as it were to complete and crown his work, calls upon his children spread throughout the world to do two things. First, to fit themselves by prayer and penance — in a word by earnestly striving to gain the jubilee — for being graciously heard before the Throne of Grace. Thus, whilst working out their own salvation, they can also be working good for the Christian common wealth. For the Holy Year is a season of especial blessing not merely to this man or that, but to the whole Church Militant. The millions of the people are invited to renew the spirit of their minds, to put off the old Adam, to begin to live again, to regain the Land of Promise which they had forfeited by transgression, and to release themselves from the slavery of hell and the bondage of a sinful life. The release of temporal punishment clue to forgiven sin is held out to to them as a loving inducement to give themselves back to the spirit of their Baptism, to stir up the fires of their faith, to live lives more alien from the world, and more in keeping with the maxims of the Gospel. The second thing the Holy Father calls on us to do is, after having thus, as it were in the mass, made friends with God, to plead earnestly at the the Mercy seat for the prosperity of the Church, the exaltation of the Holy See, for the orthodoxy, peace, and union of the Christian world, and for the especial intention of the Pope himself. Surely, the thousands of pious men and women, and purified penitents, priests and people, monks and nuns, who will petition during this holy season for the Vicar of our Lord, and for the increase of Holy Mother Church, will not plead in vain ? It is not our Heavenly Father's way to resist so great an array of the holy army, which, with uplifted hands, and lowly hearts, and downcast eyes pleads for the Vicar of His Son, and for the ail of His Holy Spirit. Surely, if they but intreat enough, if they do not flag, He will, in His own good time, give ear to their united prayer. 'And the multitude of nations that have fought against Ariel shall be as the dream of a vision by night, and all that have fought and besieged and prevailed against it. And as he that is hungry dreameth and eateth, but when he is awake his soul is empty ; and as he that is thirsty dreameth and drinketh, and after he is awake is yet faint with thirst, and his soul is empty ; so shall it be with the multitude of all the Gentiles that have fought against Mount Sion.' As the trials of the Church are simply a question of degree; so are her triumphs merely a matter of time. It is for her shiidren so to behave that her glory tarry not. Let us not, dearly beloved, by our coldness, worldliness, ingratitude, and sins, place a block in the path of the divine mercies. Let us all do real penance ; let us, one and all, fit ourselves by serious efforts to plead with the throne of grace. Let every one firmly resolve to gain the ubilee, to fulfil the conditions to the letter, and j o besiege heaven to the end that glory may ome to the Church of Chri3t, exaltation to its uler, and salvation to innumerable souls. Let .a sd abase ourselves, so creep to the feet of God, o press His Majesty by our cries and tears, so our out our souls like water in His sight, that Le shall hear us in the end. ' O my people,' oes He not even now seem to say to us, 'Umy eople thabdwelleat in Siou, be not afraid of ie Assyrian ; he shall strike thee with his rod, ad he shall lift up his staff over thee in the way Egypt. For yet a little while, and a very ttle while, and My wrath shall be upon ' his lckedness, and the Lord of Hosts shall raise o a revenge against him. . . Bis hnr/iAn Lall be taken from off thy shoulder, and hia )ke from off thy neck. , . Bahold, the j -vereign Lord of Hosts shall break the earthen ssel with terror, and the tall of stature shall i cut down, and the lofty shall be humbled, and I e thickets of the foresi shall be cut down with | inland libanua with its highest ones shall Yes : we know it, the Holy Father knows it, r strength and victory are alone from God : to other King can we fly for Bafety : we cannot ?! itch the world with carnal weapons : pride, d greed, and passion of Bin can only be con' »nted by meekness, and lowliness, and love spotted and undeliled. O Lord help us, that s may learn how to help curselves, and to sus n Thy Church and Thy Vicar upon earth ; use as instruments to Thy glory ; let us be as apons in Thy hands, O Father, Heavenly ther, have mercy on the needy and the poor : ' Spiiifcof indwelling light illumine our dark-' ' is, reclaim us to Thyself ; O Jesus Christ, Son ' jrod, Redeemer of mankind, look on us from j y cross of saving charity ; O Father, Son and -ly Ghost, grant ua grace so to pass this holy ir that we may fulfil Thy blessed will in all ngs ! And may our Immaculate Mother pro t us, especially during this season : and the y Apostles, Peter andPaul, and the white- robed iy of martyrs, and the glad company of brave fessors and virgins, and the choirs ot all tha ats— of the souIb of the jusb made perfect ugh notyet canonized— together with pure and ' ing spirits— may they one and all be with us, ive all during the holy year, that we may ctify it and ourselves, and through God'a :cy bring about, if He so wills it, those hippy ies for which our Holy Father bees us to ecially to pray. ; For the rest, brethren, rejoice, be perfect, 9 6ichoitation, be of one mind, have peace, and God of peace and of love shall be with you. i grace of our L3rd Jesiia Christ, and the rity of God, and the communication of the y Ghost be with you all. Amen.' iven at Sydney, and appointed to be read in ;s, and explained by the clergy on the three days previous to the opening of the Jubilee, lely, on the 18th and 25th of July, and the of August. The Jubilee will begin on the 8th LUgust by a course of spiritual exercises, to ;iven by his Graoe the Arohbishop-Coadjutor iie pro- Cathedral of St. Mary's, to be fol- ! 3d by Bimilar missions in the other churohes ie Archdiocese, and will' end on the 2udSun- ; of August, 1876. ! © John Bede, Archbishop of Sydney. ! Conditions for- Gaining the Jubilee. it. That faithful, being duly repentant, ess their sins. 2nd. That they raceive thily the Sacrament ot the Most Holy harist. 3rd, In virtue of special powers ited by the Holy Father on the 24th January, -, and having regard to the peculiar circuin ces in whioh many 6f the faithful are placed, j lispense both as to the number churches to | isited, as well as the number of visits to ' lade, and we direct as follows : — . In towns where there is only oa9 church, ! visits shall be made to it by the faithful ling in the town, and three visits by those Ling outside the town. In country missions having only one ch, three visits shall be made. I If there be more than one church in the ! ion, the three visits can be made at what churoh or churches the faithful may find ; convenient. In districts where there is no church, eaoh lehold shall be assembled and shall recite 3everal times th,o Litany of the Saints, or leven Penitential Psalms, oc a third part of Rosary together with the , Litany of the sed Virgin. I Those who cannot join in family prayers I recite the above prayers privately, and e who cannot read shall say the Lord's -er and Hail Mary ten times a day on ten n different days winch need not be eonseonf I r f. If there be pe-Sons suffering from S, V6- I r or otherwise prevented from 3-' Uefs' I r prescribed number of visits, or unable £S tbe i i any visit at all to the chnrcb, the cWv^ I I empowered, by a special Indnlt of R? 1 3 Father to commute that condition into a f»T y 1 : the recital of certain prayers. faat or 1 ; 4fch. The last condition is to the effect . Tl, * ' I l during these visits to the church the faitS ,' Bhall pray devoutly to God for ihl L\ hful ? and exaltation of L oShdi 'ohu refSK' ^ ApoBtohc See, for the extirpation of hereriS f the conversion of all who are in erroj for' «r peace and unity of the whole Christian Zl* and for the intentions of the Holv FathST?1, the faithful find it difficult to offer the ^SL ' explicitly for all these intentions, tLySS take care to pray for the intentions of the hS Father, in order to gain the indulgence y This indulgence is applicable by 'wav f suffrage to the souh in Purgatory, and thl H ? I Father lays down that children/not ^ sufficient I old to make their first communion, may obffi I it by performing other works ofjpiefcy, VaS I an^reug^n, to be pointed oJ\/lCZt I Indult for the Jubilee Granted in Favour of tha Faithful Dwelling in Missionary countri s ?? o? ATidience g^en by the Holy Father on the 24th January , 1875. *«»eron I Since, in many heritical and infidel countries there are no churches, and in others also not ,«' many as it is necessary for the faithful, who do not reside in Borne, to visit, in order to avail ? themselves of the jubilee according to the En cyclical Qravicus Eccletice published by our HoK Father, by Divine Providence, Pope P™8 IX 7 1 under date 24th December, 1874 ; and since it I may also happen that, from various causes thJ I visits to churches cannot be repeated the pie? I scribed number of times, many of the faithful ? I dwelling in these places might be compelled to I forego the treasures of the jubilee, so profitable 1 and so salutary, unless provision were made for i them by ecclesiastical authority. Considering I these facts, our Holy Father, through me tha I undersigned, secretary for the Sacred Conere™. i tion of the Propagation of the Faith, has been I graciously pleased to grant to patriarchs, arch- I bishops, bishops, and to all superiors of missions I the faculty— whi3h faculty they may also dele- I gate to simple missionaries— of prolonging their discretion, even to two yeare, if necessity re. quires, the time ' for gaining the Indulgence of the jubilee, and also of dispensing the aforesaid faithful as regards the number of churohes, and of the visits to be thereto paid ; yea even, when it shall ba necessary, of commuting altogether the enjpined works of this kind for some fast, or the recitation of Borne pious prayers, still main, taining firm the obligation of sacramental con fession for children, who have not yet been ad mitted to Holy Communion, and for all adults the obligation of praying for the prosperity and exaltation of the Catholic Church, and of the Apostolic Sea, for the uprooting of all heresies, for the conversion of all those who are in error, for the peace and unity of the whole Christian people, and also for the intention of the Holv Father. J Given at Rome, from the office of the same Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Fa'th, on the day and in the year aforesaid, (Signed) John Simeoni, Seeretary. 