SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, 1st September. The Stamp Bill luis becu introduced. It provides that the Act is to ho administered « by a commissioner of stamps. The third reading of the Education Bill is passed. Tlic question of the re-organisation of the Public Works Office is under con sideration. Tbe Eight Hours demonstration took place to- day, and 8000 people attended the picnic at Roscworthy. The nutomutic telegraph system wns tried to-day with satisfactory results. The Governor witnessed the experiments. One thousand five hundred ounces of gold arc waiting shipment nt Port Darwin per Claud Hamilton. The Williamsons continue to draw largo houses. Wheat is dull and unchanged. 2nd September. The Government are pushing tlic Par liamentary business through rapidly. (Juptnin M'Coy bus been engaged to proceed home to purchase two steamers for the Adelaide Steamship Company. Twenty two inches of rnih have fallen to the end of' August, which is the lurgest rainfall since 1851. The oyster close season commenced yesterday. The German Club lias decided to build a hull nearly as large as the Town Hall. The Coal Company has declared a divi dend of ten per cent. Tlic Rev. C. Clark opens here on 9th September. The Flinders, s., has put into Portland for shelter. Wheat has been sold at 5s., with little doing, 3rd September. Fresh additions have been made to the stamp duties. The fee for a lawyer's annual certificate is to he £10, and a Queen's Counsel's £20, Tbc extra stamps on policici arc expunged, and nn annual fee substituted of £50 for marine companies £20 for fire companies, and £25 extra for foreign companies. Three hundred ounces of gold have been obtained by the Alma Company nt Wnnkn- ringa, being the result of ten jays' crush- ing. Buyers of wheat offer 5s. 4tli September. A magnificent discovery has been made in the Moontu mines of a lode five feet wide which will give work fur years. Wk remind llioso interested that thr annual meeting of tho shareholders of tho Bathing Association will ho held this oven ing at tho KrasinnsonH' II nil, iM array- street, at half-past seven o'clock. The Tuniut correspondent of the 'Ciiuulagm Times" is accountable for tho fol lowing : — During tho past week one chief topic of conversation among local gossips has been tho vagaries of tiie Wmdowio ghost. Were wo to assert our disbelief in the exist ence of ghosts in general, and iu this one in particular.|we should probably incur the dis pleasure of some reader with spiritualistic proclivities, so wo refrain from expressing an. opinion upon tbo subject, and merely relate the facts which have so come ttndor our notico, leaving the public to draw their own conclusions. We do not give credence to ail the marvellous stories current about this local apparition ; but it is beyond dispute that any number of residents have seen something mysterious, and wo have been at some pains to glean the following details : — One uvcuing Inst week a very old resident ut Windowio observed a female iu white on tho lint near his dwelling, ami remarked.' Mrs. R. is Into putting up her ducks.' — Mrs. R. being a neighbour of his, and the only femalo, besides those of his owu family, likely to be there at that time of night; but on subsequent inquiry at Nits. R.'a placo it was found that she lmd not left tho houso all that evening, 'fins incident occasioned but little comment until the following occurred : -s-l-ato ou the night of Thursday, tho 12th instant, tho road party at work on tho Windowio contract had retired to thuir hut, andono of their numbor, Mr. A., was in the act of bathing bis feet, when Ids attention wns attracted by a slight noise outsido. Ho called to C., one of his mates, to run out to the dray and sec if somo one was not stealing tlic harness. G. wont outside, but quickly returned, pallid of aspect, ntul with beads of sweat upon his brow, saying, ' It's a ghost I ' Tho third occupant of the but having no desire to interview the noctimd visitor, drew the blanket over his head ami remained where he was ;o but A., wh has pluck enough . to fnuo a legion of hobgoblins, rushed outside ami beheld, euro enough, standing near tho dray, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with extended arms draped iu white. 'Ah,' exclaimed A., ' I guess you want one of my horse-collars ; just wait a second, aud I'll gis'c you a sirikiug proof my liberality.' So saying, A. sang out to his mate to hand him a long-handled hammer, and armed with this weapon rushed upon th enemy ; hut the blow foil harrnlos?, for the ghostly visitor vanished ut once. Owing to the darkness of the night and tho ground around being covered with thistles, A., who was barefooted, considered pursuit of tho ghost mmdvisablc, else we might have hoard tho last of this Windowio woman in wliito. Since u i itim; the above, we have heard that another «-i' the ghostly fraternity has been .playing high pranks in another part of our district In one instance, we umleratn .d, a marriage had been arrangod, and everything went on smootjdy till the eve before the wedding, when a ghost nppuared upon tho scene, ami we suppose from wiiat followed forbad the bands, as the hriile. elect, in coil sequouco of revelations made to her by tlio supernatural visitor, has determined tc|foregfe matrimony for tbe present. "j 