*IR. RUSKIN ON BISHOPS and CLERGY. ; We quote the following characteristic observa tions of Mr. Ruskin, from the January number of his '\Pors Olavigoni' :— ; 'I was asked by one of my Oxford pupils the other dav why I had lieyer said any serious word j of what it iinght seem best, for clergymen to do' in a thrie of so'great doubt and division. '?_, , 'I have not, because any man's becoming ^a clergy man in these days must imply one of two things— either that ho haB something to no and Bay for men which .he honestly boliuves himself impelled to say and do by the Holy Ghost — and in that case ho is likely to sec his way without bping shown it— or else ho is one of the group of .so-called Christiana who, except with tho out ward ear, 'have not so much as hoard whcthor there be any Holy Ghost,' and are practically lying, both to men and to God— persons to whom, whether they be foolish or wickod in their ignorance^ no honest way can .possibly be shown. ' The practical kinds of folly also which lead youths to beoomo 'clergymen, uncalled, are especially intractable. That a lad just out of his teens, and not -under the influence of any deep religious enthusiasm, should ever contem plate the possibility of his being Bet up in the' middle of a mixed company of men and. women of tho world, to instruct tho aged, encourago the valiant, support the weak, reprove tho :gnilty, and sot an example to all ; and not feel, ?what a ridiculous and blasphemous business it -would be, if he only pretended to do it for. hire ; and what a ghastly and murderous busi ness it. would be, if lie did it strenuously wrong ; and what' a marvellous and all but incredible thing the Church and its power must be if it were possible for him, with all tho good meaning in tho world, to do it rightly ; that any youth, I say, should ever have got himself into the state of recklessness, or conceit, required to become a clergyman at all, under the existing circum stances, must put him quite out of tho pale of those. whom one appeals to on any reasonable or moral question, in serious writing. I went into a Ritualistic Church the other day, for instance, in the West End. It wns built of bad Gothic, lighted with bad painted glnss, and had its Litany intoned and its sermon delivered — on tho subject of wheat and chuff — by a young man of, as far as I could judge, very sincere religious sontimonts, but very certainly tho kind of person whom one might have brayed in a mortar among tho very best, of tho wheat with a postle, without making his foolishness depart from him. And in general any man's becoming a clergyman in these days implies that, at best, his sentiment lias overpowered his intellect ; and that, what ever the fuobleness of tho latter, the victory of his impertinent piety hns been probably owing to its alliance with his conceit, *nd its promise to him of tho gratification of being regarded as an oraclo, without the troublo of becoming wise, or the grief of being so. ' Tho work of tho evangolists was done before they could be made bishops ; that of the apostle cannot bo done on a bishop's throne ; there ro mains to them, of all possible oflico of organisa tion in the Church, only that of the pastor, — verily and intensely their own ; received by them in definite charge when they rocoived what they call the Holy Ghost :—' Be to the flock of Christ a shepherd, not a wolf ; feed them, devour them not.' ' Does any man, of all tho men who have ro i-ceiyed this charge in England, know what it is t to be a wolf 1- -recognise in himself tho wolfish instinct, and the thirst for the blood of God's -flock ? For if he does not know what is tho nature of a wolf, how should he know what it ?is to be a shepherd ? If he never felt like a wolf ?himself, does he know tho people who do ? He ? does not expect thorn to lick their lips and bare their teeth at him, I suppose, as they do in a pantomime ? Did ho over in his lifo see a wolf ? cominsj, and debate with himself whether he . should fight or fly ? — or is not rather his whole life one headlong hireling's flight, without so much as turning his head to see what manner of beasts they are that follow 1 — nay, are not his very hireling's wages paid him for flying instead ?of fighting. ' Dares any one of them answer me — hero from my college of the Body of Christ I challenge every mitre of them ; definitely, the Lord of St. Peterborough, when I note as a pugnacious ?and accurately-worded person, and hoar of as an ?outspoken one, able and ready to answer for his fulfilment of the charge to Peter. How many wolves does he know in Peterborough — how many sheep ? — what battle has he tloiio — what bites can ho show the soars of ? — whoso sins has he remitted in Peterborough — whoso retained?— has ho not romitted, like Ins brother bishops, all the sins of .the rich, and retained all those of tho poor ? — does ho know, in Peter borough, who are fornicators, who thieves, who liars, who murderers I and has he ever dared to toll any of them to his face that ho was so — if ;the man had over a hundred a year ? ' ' Have morey upon all Turks, Jews, infidels, and heretics, and so, fetch thorn homo, blessed Lord, to Thy flock, that thoy may be saved ?among tho remnant of tho trno Israelites.' Who are the true Israelites, my lord of Peterborough, whom you can definitely announce for such, in your diocese. Or, perhaps, the Bishop of Man chester will take up the challenge, having lately ?spoken wisely — in generalities — concerningfraud. Who are tho true Israelites, my lord of Man chester, on your-1 Exchange ? Do thoy stretch itheir cloth,- like other people ? — have they any ?underhand1 dealings with the liable-to-be-damned ?false Israelites — Rothschilds and tho like 1— or are they duly solicitous about those wanderers' ?souls '/ — and how often, on the average, do vonr Manchester clorgy preach from the delicious parable, savouriest of all Scripturo to rogues, at lloastsince the eleventh century, when I find it to have been specially headed with golden title ?in my best Greek MS. ' of the Pharisee and Publican'— and how ofton, on tho average, from those objoctinnablo first and fifteenth Psalms ? _ ' For the last character in St. Paul's enumera tion, which bishops can claim, for tho perfecting ?of the saints, and the work of the ministry is that of the doctor or teachor. 'In which character, to what work of thoir ?own, frank and faithful, can they appeal in tho last fifty years of ospocial danger to the Church from false teaching i On this matter, my chal lenge will be most fittingly mado to my own bishop, of tho University of 'Oxford. He inhi bited, on the second Sunday of Advent of last year, another bishop of the English Church from preaching at Caifax. By what right? Which of the two bishops am I, innocent lamb, .to listen to 1 It is true that tho insulted bishop was only a colonial oi;e ; — am I to understand, therefore, that tho Church hoihIs heretical bish 'Ops out as apostles, whilo she keeps hor orthodox ?ones at home ? and that, occordingly, a stayat 'homo bishop may always silonco a returned apoBtle ? And, touching the questions which are at issue, is there a singlo statement of the Bishop of Ratal's, respecting tho Bible text, ?which tho Bishop of Oxford dares to contradict, before Professor Max Muller, or any othor lead ing scholar of Europe ? Doos tho Bishop of Oxford himsolf believo every statement in tho Bible ? _ If not, which does ho boliovo, and why 1 Pie sutlers the whole collection of books to bo spoken of— certainly by many clorgyuion in his diocose—as tho word of God. If ho disbelieves any portion of it, that portion ho is bound at onco to inhibit thorn from so calling, till onquiry has been made concerning it ; but if ho and the other orthodox home-bishops— who would wry joyfully, 1 perceive, burn the Bishop of Natal at Paul's, and make Ludgato Hill safer for the ownibusseB with tho cinders of him— if thoy verily believo all, or even, with a living faith, any vital part part of the Bible, how is it that wo tho incredulous sheep :soe no signs following them that believe'; — that though thoy can com municate the Holy Spirit, they cannot excom municate tho .unholy one, and apologetically leave tho hoaling of 'the sick to' the .physician, tho taking up of serpents to the juggler,. and the moving, of mountains to the railway navvy ? ? ' It wasnover meant that , anyone - 'should, do such things literally, after St. Paul's time.' Then, what ibas meant, and what is, .doctors mirio ?.-;:;:'''..':'w- '..* '?:-. . ???-.,? , ??; . ) .'. ???'' Challenge enough _for: this time, ; it sooms to me ; the rattier that just as I finish writing it 1 receive a challenge myself requiring attentive answor. Fors could not' have brought it me at better. time. The reader will find it the first in tho' Notes and Correspondence' of this year ; and my answer, may both meet the doubts of many readers who. would not so frankly have expressed thorn, and contain souio definitions of principles which are necessary for our future work. ;...?'? 