entertainments. I THE THEATRES.. &o.; ■,'The Shaughrauh" still holds its own at the Theatre RoyaL ,* ' jjggt Saturday night, at the Opera-house, •Ter Freiflchuts" was produced for the first time during the present' season. No doubt BuChahopera requires great preparation, in order that all the effect, possible to be ob tftiried: mar not fail in the representation. ; And: this not °*riy as regards the music, < in essential park as a matter of ciraiBe, in fn ophra, but also in the manner of its being pbtoed upon the stage. Considering that it irasnot to he played more than two nights, jtwab hot to'ba:expdcted that it; would be presented with an entire completeness, but it was to he regretted'that in the scenic details there (Should he such a neglect of supervision, as to produce in the mind !of the audience an impression that the incom pleteness extended much further than it did' That is to say, inasmuch as in the incanta* tion scene the moon winked and finally was muffed out; inasmuch as some of the skeletons performed airy gambols inconsis tent with' the severity of osteological exer cises ; inasmuch as the big . owl shut its eyes when it should have opened them, and stared when it should have shut them; inasmuch as the fiery rain came down fitfully when it should; have descended |n a regular pyrotechnic shower; inasmuch as the ghosts flitted fibrosa the sky after the manner of disembodied kangaroos, and in asmuch as, generally, the gpblihism of the occasion, was sportive and wayward rather than horrible and unearthly the vocal and orchestral parts of the performance seemed tosuffer the blame, which really belonged to'all these omissions and commission. No doubt yon would' get better .effects oat of an orchestra of a hundred performers than of one of 17, and perhaps yon would prefer a robust folior to sing the music of Max. But an orchdjgxa of 17, under such good conductor-' . fchipasthat of Mr.Allen, will give you a very satisfactory interpretation of Weber's instru mental music, and; you might go farther and fare agreat deal Worse than listen to Mr. SaUpn's Utorip^jpaMa^,- Soalsoypu might prefers gwmjr Agatha, hut I do not know that Weber intended Agatha to be stately, aUd I am'suM'Miss iMay threw herself with great warmtbinto Jito part, and showed vary Temp^^^ it jju^be adnntted^ig not; La^ blache, nor even busini; but he does his work, for ail that, in a good honest fashion, aud his Cakpar isaconsciehtSous endeavour, both in respect of singing and acting. '* Mr. Vernon's Ffilian might he the better for some addi tional animation, and Afiss Lambsrtls Ann is certainly nof the ideal Ann, but if you takh the average of all the efforts made, and look at what was done from an entirely dis passionate poi^t of.view, you frill conoede that, under the circumstances, it would' require that the opera should be still less carefully produced to make you entirely unsatisfied ,witl it. Perhaps, if Mr. Allen had produced a how pieoe, with all theattrac tiveness of new scenery, new dresses, and new accompaniments generally, he might have given greater satisfaction than by offer-, fog a nuinbertolj pieces which are not novel, and which, from the limitation of the time! they must run, jam presented with more or lew of'ah extemporised character. I do not thfok the Mel^urhe |>hbllo like too frequent . changes. A different opera on every hjght of! the week perplexes .them; and it must cer. tafoly be very frying toa oompany to have to, rehearse so.phch, Sttdof neceqsity to spend ao much timoiin mhfuntiug ppewation,; which naturally takee from the freshness of the voice in fto evening. I have sodonbt 'Mr. Allen hasajod reaeon far his managerial artaugetoents, ijfikd%e should surely know hisj business gwit; but, I cannot bottiunkj Jnat some ofthp impression not; favourable s tohim has ariiftifrom theapparently hasty; ^^nunerin whidh the pfocee baye been put1 ^n thb stogA' m Ifoar excelfont taaterialaj Jh ids bomphny. fhdlf be vrere,-perinahently | APPqnghs, andoonldmake hfoamuogementa1 less ektempuriied kind,it'fsvery likely foat, by the expendltureof less labour, hei *l»ld achieve groforresulta. butb®fo Apt i ilufit]to ^bheh^, . -ofo thcaehted blspwA pteoe otdy upon one nuht, when there could be! little doubt that, if he had played it s! week, would hate' hMik'tfoiMd! w^ebtl^ fo.prorept a much larger j flRfhxajtgee itFor all tbegs fndotberdff-! •dvantages finder, which he labours in the! Phtiuctiohof hiS pieces, he gets through his! *tokwith,affable credit* and.tonkidering! Wito'kfS $$$6 oiy^sf^ corhpahy. for! w» toost part, out of untried matorfofo. he| soesnot leave -much Whereof for complain. FieiUBtft whs^^teq^th n i ... je^po doubt helped to.fill ,the' ibnttheother .members of the1 ootfi-j b ; nevertheless1 entitled to Oomme bleti d, those whs .bad notstudiedherso] Mnfolly «a toundsistaad of bowmuch she j is really capable. The range ol Bonlotto'and Marguerite arethelii extensive one, but.MissMay hpsshi ehe ia, equal to w^^Ter m^,,^ between these... tv^p ternrinafc.; ' ,prise, therefore, jrjfaf-with those garded Boulotte ^d'pfqgan as „ (imberBobatipns.' 'She i^ade it quite that she not oily understood tech character of ifcaigueftto, Lnt that sl . natural power of feeling sufficient ite meaning to theaudience. .She . them feelwiihher. Therewaapptht: cal in her acting hna^pgingi. ,'She_ speak' out' ifa fiiys;' and' Borrows, think I ever heard *v%he King more artlesriy nor thp c moreanwnhcioiul^'tnlibqinsed tl, oh this o(Sca8ion. ^Ir.'! Hrilam'g| ^ Faust was dbvfousiy to'present tl' ated student as tnb embodiment c freshness, and in this' endeavi ceeded. He made ; the element Slargnerite not. only properly c_ hut paramount; aifd bent.all hift the development of this aspect meter, using, his Vocal recourses his intention apparent, ' Signor phiBtopheleB is well fenough knoi the landmarks of thelyric stage inj He was in hiB best form on Wed: and triumphed all throdgh. Hiss, Siebet I think this was Miss appearance in opera; at any it from her nervousness on first was her first'vSntnre in a part But her trepidation soon.dis. she both Bang and acted so as spring congratulation upon I Sheis undoubtedly an acauisitij Mr.Templeton made a rather ccirj On Thnraday the " Lilyof' repeated, and was perform spirit. To hear Miss May Sing in is worth a long journey. She in the plaintive tenderness of whiaS presses bo much. She makete feel all the depth of the misery It is the heart-wail of a deserted. It is a drama in lil It would he eapy to spoil it by lyric declamation, but Miss Mi a conception of what is requii and she is too foil of feeling an error possible with her. SI trne spirit of dramatic poetiy, HardreSs Cregan is. a manly, a and graceful, hxample of opei<iy ation." Miss Lambert's And error of judgment. She is r either vocally or histrionics] pleton's Danny Mann is son over-acting, though in parts of ineffective. Mr. Lyster's company fortnight at Ballarat Thejj Fille de Madame Angot," Trebizonde," "Lea Cent peric," La Perichole," 6i "The Grand DnoheaB," wii of which"they finished on house bo crowded that200 . their money returned before^ could go pn,' bo excessive wi hCar that *' Girofle-GirofU' liked; that "Perichole" dli( that "Lea Cent Yierges"jBbonsiderpd shocking, and that the "«p Duchess'I was done vOlanously. Onuftesday the company sailed for Sydney^Sn Tuesday night Some of them—to wfljp Winston, -"Mr; Beaumont, Mr. Bracy/^kr. Farley Sang at the concert of t Igulharmonic Sbdety. And in. reject , of this the committee of the soar good thing to give peoplb money. 1 have known tbd considered " Acis ahd one evening's performar sooth, we had Brdham's *l of Destiny," adbetby Sj Balfe,'! a long concert severed songs, scenes long selections from " Handel's Work. It w ll When all this w before the end came tht» . dispersing itself. Even of the programme was i been, the audience mil ' early breakfast on lea# ing exhausted nature, t that withthia unavoidi6 the general exoellen onght to haye been, gramme as,a whole, f what seemed to me ceflence, I pronounce the " Invotami," from' best thing done duriii , Winston,.jnrBiahop's Ariel fly, " was either music didnot suit hen' herself. Sir.-Brady's served him well in t Berenata, iuad ML ruddier than the ohen the regret that Farq cheer ns with bisfi ing it, tyi'Met#' : Galatea. Ho doubt Emmanuel! has m* her voice ie g distf does not improve her ddbtit in opera ta 'satisfied she would Unction." For bein nowise to be Manx to availheraelf of atf 'of appearing in pnl1 steadiness; she sif tune ; her lower has aoqulred that 'fatal defect In man! hers, Atranolol; pamly ii? agitant, pity; if aoqoired 1 'Or youmSycallit liie.Itisanirril perietal excellence delaaokn pan disp ring by so much not,think-that even tben^^ made .Bntjrelyacceptable ^ocrSgflf ran be never be; eqoal to the. npi$c.^%|| ^ "Ga^ateftVi IiMBuchp jln^nl mptetijgi^B nflth^genijjripngif of scant,ru—^ It ,ift, however, top good to be ebiMSsedby,. and onsome other occasion, whpnthe audienoe is not forfeited,,hc .may present it with aj bettor' jllkelihood, of its being done more, iwtjflfi toy/ If, the compdttee of ,the,society. •Wfy. fi*npon two toura arid, a quarter a? the. extreme limit of the time of their /concerts, . and will, as Mr.Herz did&t; theKruse con pprte, rigorously forbid cq^eftthey will give much more pleasure, to thp audience, and the pieces they perform trillb&ve; a much better chance ofbeing fajjcly,produced. ■ Thoreadmireblepioturesat St Oeprge's hall .please everybody, alike those who are learned in art,) and,those who, knowing nothing of art, have yet an instinctive per ception of the true and dhe: beautiful.; And speaking of these pictures, a correspondent rays'• ■ • - ; ,»*?< ■> ■ ■< _ "It to exactly '30 years since Hnngerforli ®MPtaMop Bridge was opened—May, ,1846— i bo that the Panorama,;Showing a view of: that bridge, can,.mot be nearly so old as Tahite mentions (35). J. •'June a." ' ' The U.S. Minstrels at the Apollo have seemingly settled themselves for a prosper* ous winter campaign. " The Rev. Charles dark's success with his lecture of the "Towerof London"is gene rally prononnced to hewonderfoL He is under engagement todeliver it at a great, many places in the prpvinces, so that the Profitable resulta can h^rdly be reckoned. I flupposethatnowii hasbeenshownthatgood lecturing will pay In, Victoria, Mr. Clark will, lave many imitators. Bat it does mot folio* that bis imitators will succeed as he has. dope. If others as good .as he can be found, they will be very welcome. . Prom Sandhurst I learn that the wet weather has spoiled the business a good deal at the Princess Theatre. The"Octoroon,"my corre. spondent says, is the latest presentation, bid; it fell flatly, the caat having " to be eked out Withamateur assistance." Mr. Carey, however; made the Indian the prominent part: of the piece, and was, in consequence called three times before the curtain. " Leah" is in re hearsal, and Miss Kemble'a benefit had been fixed for last night with " Green Bushes" the principal piece. A correspondent Bends me the following relative to the suggestion made last week "TO THE DRAMATIC CRITIC OP THE AUSTRALA SIAN. " Sir,—The appearance of ' A Constant Reader b' letter in your last valuable paper oh the theatres,has broached a subject, the men tion of which, I trust, will not be accom panied with only barren results. For, looking at thingsdram&ticas; they now are, I venture to think that local dramatic talent Bhould rather luif wntk Mn Al,mm. jmmmLt. ^ J i 1 _ . _ _ _ _ T it u, and, morepver, the production of plays worthy pf representation through the medium of a dramatic and literary ashocihtion, would; I am sure, go far to remove that prejudice which now hangB.over the work of a colonial author. Besides, the assembling of gentle men With a common object in "view would afford a plepsant reunion.. The' colonial drama baS'not yet had a chance of proving its quality, or even, I may say, of showing that it e^is&atall;, save in the. desks of those Who \- baye bepn venturesome enough to put their ideas on paper. A. Dramatic Association would provide that opening' for the works of colonial authors which is mow peremptorily denied to them. Therefore, I hope ' A Con stant Reader* will follow up the idea which he has so courageously put befpre the public, and should he do bo, I can assure him he will not find himBelf alone in his determination, <* unaided by the co- operation of others.—I beg to remain, sir, yours, Ac.,. Chandos. " Melbourne, June 22,1875," My Sydney correspondent of June 22 rays;—"At the Victoria Theatre there has been another week of drama' and opera, scenes from 'The Hofceymoon/ &c.;, and opera to follow. Signor Giorza's benefit con: cert took place pn Thursday, The programme included the remnants of the Italian Opera Company and all;the available local talent. The house waawell filled- in every part. On Saturday Signor Rosnati's comedy of 'Jealousy' was produced, on the occasion of that gentleman's benefit. It is in one act and smartly written, but should have been called a farce, some of the situations being very bread. Last evening the drama 'Hot Guilty' was played for the first time, Mrs. Steele and Mr. J. G. Joyce sustaining the leading parts. AttheQoeen'sTheatze'RipVan Winkle, j now judiciously played in four acts instead of three, has drawn splendid houses through out the week, and gives place to 'Uncld Tom's Cabin' on Monday next The Cases have bad only a moderate share of publia qntronage. They finished tear series last night Mr. H. N. Douglas, one of the best juvenile actors in the colonies, left here foij New Zealand on Friday last, under a twelves months' engagement to Mr. Hoskins. Sydney can ill. afford to lose him, > The ,'Great Hiberaicon,' after a thorough re-organisaj tion, commences a twelvemonths' tour during the week openingat West Mai tland. Thecom-j pony consists of Meagre. W.F. Bourke, basso; CL- R. Thomas, musical director; John! O'Neill, Irish comedian; Charles Wallani negro delineator; Little Wallie; the Missed Lizzie and Jane Dixon, vocalists and dan-j senses; and Miss Ira Steele, pianist Lyster'd Opera-boufle Company open at the Victoria Theatre on Monday next The season will) not exceed four weeks, as the Ristori Troupe! are tokrrive here oti the 19th of July. -The Marionettes leave for Brisbane in a torn days." . .-Op the occasion of their last appearance atj Dunedin during. their recent engagement there, Mr. ahd Sirs. Hoskins appeared with! the Frees Dramatic dub in:"Plot and Passion." Mrs. Hoskins was presented with a very elegant silver-mounted fan. At Christchurch, qn their way to Wellington, Mr. Htokins played Shylock to 'Mrs;: Bates' Portia On the oooesion of that lady's benefit. The reasonlorhieappearance was the "in disparities u of Mr. Botes. ; FromtheJVew, Zealand Timet of June 5,1 boo that Mr. and fos. Hopkins appeared at Wellington on this n:evJona,night,. in "Tfhe Tragedy Queen' piji t' The H^r.at*Iov." the Governor and heMarcUiouees of Nonaanby being present ■' r:il . ■ TAHITjc. 