The Storyteller. Miss Angel. CHAPTER XV. UND MACHE ALL' MEIN WUNSCHEN WAHR. BY MISS THACKERAY. THE sympathies and consolations of light, of harmony, of work, are as effectual as many a form of words. They are substitutions of one particular manner of feeling and expression for another. To hungry, naked, and imprisoned souls, art ministers with a bountiful hand, shows them a way of escape (even though they carry their chains with them) ; leads silently, pointing into a still and tranquil world enclosed within our noise-bound life, where true and false exist, but harassing duty and conflicting consciences are not, nor remorse, nor its terrors, nor sorrow ful disappointments. A wrong perspective or faulty drawing may be crimes in this peaceful ' land ; renewed effort is the repentance there practiced. Angelica was never more grateful to her pursuit than now, when time was difficult on her hands. The house was not to be ready for three weeks, and during these she must needs remain in Charles-street. She tried not to think much, but the sense of estrangement was there nevertheless—estrange ment from the three people whose good opinion she most valued. If only Antonio would give some sign ; if only Mr. Reynolds would come— if only Lady W. would be her own kind self— how suddenly eased her heavy heart would be ! She painted steadily, rising betimes to catch the first gleam of the sun dawning through the crowding mists. Orders came in from one side and another. A message from the Queen, that had filled her with excitement was transmitted by Lord Henry, who had been to Windsor. Lady W.s coldness did not change ; she scarcely, congratulated her ; she aeemed utterly unconcerned, and gave the poor child many a pang that Bhewas unconscious of ever having really deserved. Mr. Reynolds came not; Antonio came not; Lady W. was as much absent as though she were gone on a long journey. Would Bhe ever return ? Angelica wondered. Besides the natural sepa rations of life, of circumstance, there is also one great difficulty to be surmounted. It is that of moods and mental position. Our secret journeys and nights have to be allowed for as much as those open departures we make, with many fare wells, and luggage, and tickets, and noisy bustle. There was a powdering closet on the second story of the house in Charles-street, adjoining Lady Diana's room. It was only a small room, divided by a wall with a hole in it and a sliding panel scooped to the neck. On one aide stood the barber and his assistant, to the other came the households with the heads that needed powdering; they would boldly pasß them through the aperture, by which means their clothes were preserved from the flying clouds. Lord W. was standing in this guillotine, receiving a last touch from the barber, when Angelica passed the open door one morning on her way to the nursery up stairs. She turned, hearing herself called. "Is that Miss Kauffmann ? I cannot Bee ; pray wait one minute ;" and in a minute ray lord appeared in full dress, with his star, and his smart velvet coat and snowy wig, and gleam ing buckles. He was going to Court. He had been invited to dine at the Royal table. Little Judith and Charlotte and Elizabeth were trotting down stairs to see him before his start; before they came up Lord W. turned to Angelica, and in a hurried voice said, " I wanted to speak to you. Dear lady, if you think of deciding upon a house, will you make use of my security ? would you let me advance you a hundred pounds ?" and he hastily pulled some notes out of his embroidered pocket, and tried quickly to pass them into her hand. Angelica thanked the golden little benefactor with grateful emotion : " Indeed, I would gladly ucccpt your kindness," she said, openly, " but Lady Diana has lent me some money." She would have said more, but she saw him look uneasy ; a door opened, and the figure of Lady W. appeared upon the landing. " What are you plotting ?" said she ; " I seem to have disturbed you," and she flashed a quick pene trating look at Angelica. "My Lord is plotting to do me kindness and to give me help. He would help me pay the rent of the house I have engaged," said Angelica. She went up to Lady W. and looked at her with great sweetness. " Indeed, dear lady, you would have little to fear if none but such as I were to conspire against you—l, who owe so much, so very much, to your goodness." * Do you Btill remember that ?" said Lady W., softened by the very charm which raised her jealousy. She slowly put out her hand to Angel, who held it gratefully in her own. For a minute the two women looked hard at one another. Then Lady W. suddenly melted and kissed the young painter on the brow. " Take this," she said, " for my sake," and she slipped a ring off her own finger to Angelica's ; it waß a little cameo set in brilliants which the girl wore «ver-after. This tacit reconciliation greatly poffcened the pain of parting for the younger woman. As she stepped across the threshold of the little house she had taken, Angel's heart beat tumultuously, and her eyes sparkled. Here at last was a home. After her many wanderings, her long journeyings and uncertainties, here was a home. Here she could bring her father ; dear, poor, proud, silly papa ! Here she could work in peace, live her life, and be beholden to none. The woman servant Lady W. had recommended was standing, courtseying, at the bottom of the stair*. The lamp had been lighted. It was a Roman three-baked lamp that Angelica had found in some old shop, and bought after much hesitation. A fire had been lit in the studio. The little old house stood warm and welcoming, with an indescribable sense of rest about it, of proprietorship. No bride coming to her new happy home for the first time could have felt more proudly excited than this little impulsive, well-meaning foolish creature, who had, by sheer hard work and spirited determination, earned a right to this pannelled nest There was a drawing room in front, with windows into Golden Square : that was the studio. It led into her bedroom, beyond which came a dressingroom. On the second floor was her father's bedroom, the diningroom was down below, with windows looking to the square, and wooden cupboards by the fire-place. Angelica, to her surprise, found a beautiful old oak cabinet standing in the studio when she entered it on this eventful evening. She eagerly asked from whom it came. Had Lady W. graciously sent it as a sign of good will? The woman could tell her nothing. Some men had brought it the day before. They had left a piece of paper with Miss Kauffmann's name. She had put it on the shelf. The piece of paper told its story, although there was no name but Angelica's own upon it. But how well she knew those straight lines, black and even, although here and there the letters seemed to tremble, as writing might do that is seen through water. Antonio had not quite forgotten her then ? he was not quite gone —dear, kind old Antonio! Angelica went up and kissed the wooden doors that seemed to speak a welcome from her new-found, faithful old friend. She was dancing about the room half the evening, straightening her few possession?, pul -1 ling out canvasses, spreading her two or three mats to the beat advantage. Then she began to write to her father. He must delay no longer ; his house was ready ; his child was longing for his presence. She sent money for the journey ; ' elie should be miserable until she had seem him sitting there just opposite by the fire. He must not mind dark days and cold biting winds ; he should be warmed aud comforted in his home | whatever the world outside might prove to be. . . Then she told him how the orders were coming in faster than she could execute them. And Antonio Lad sent a beautiful gift that made the whole place look splendid. She could not thank him ; she knew not where to seek him. ... As she wrote, Angelica looked up, hearing a sound. There stood Antonio himself, looking thin indeed, gray, more bent than usual, but kind, smiling, natural; his own gentlest self. His affection was ready to show itself by bright * The right of repnblishug "Mwb Angel" hag been pttrcha«e«by the proprietors of The QutnSawUr. , and friendly signs that evening; not by cross* grained reprimands and doubts. These happy meetings come to all now and then; unexpected, unhoped for. Angelica cried out with many questions, wel comes, explanations. How had he come ? Was he hidden inside the cabinet ? she asked, with a laughing, grateful look. " I am very glad you liked it," said Antonio, smiling. " I thought it would please yon when I saw it in the old shop at Windsor." " Kind Tonio i" said Angelica. a But "—and she hesitated. "How could you ... it must have cost " Antonio began to look black, and scowled at her for an instant. " You think so much of the cost of things, Angelica. You measure your gifts by their value. Be reassured, the cabinet was a bargain, and I have plenty of money just now. I am painting the ceilings of a royal palace at Frog more, and if you will, I am desired to ask you to undertake one of the rooms." "I !" cried Angelica. " I have never done anything of the sort." " Mrs. Mary Moser is engaged upon a very pretty set of panels," Zuechi continued, "and they would be glad of some of your work as •ell. You might paint allegories to your heart's content," he said, smiling. " You are a magician, Antonio !" cried Angel ica, gaily, leaning back on her chair, and looking at him with old familiar winning eyes. " Only wait till my father comes, and then I will go anywhere, do anything. They tell me lam to paint the Queen and the Princess shortly, at Windsor Castle. Is it not like a dream to be at home once more—to have a real house with doors and windows ? To be sitting here, you and I on each side of the fire." "It is like a dream to see you once more at ease, and in peace," said Antonio, between his teeth, " and to find that your head is not quite turned by your flatterers, since you can look pleased to welcome an old plain-spoken friend in a shabby coat." It was one of the happiest evenings Angelica ever spent in all her life. The ease and liberty seemed delightful, after the restraint of the house in Charles-street. Antonio's presence was happiness too ; he was in his best and most sympathetic mood. He had returned to her. No thought of what might or might not be came to disturb her. Mr. Reynolds was also in her thoughts; that other friend, so tranquil, m> re liable, surely she need never feel a doubt about him. Was she right? Is it so? Are calm ripples and placid silences the proof of deepest waters? Antonio after some time remembered to ex plain his appearance. He had heard from M. Cipriani that she was coming, he said ; the news had filled him with happiness. Then he smiled and added that he had not come np from Wind sor, inside the cabinet, but on the carrier's cart. ] Angelica asked him, with seme curiosity, where he had been living all this time. Antonio told her that he had been staying with some good friends at Eton. "My friend w a kind old man, with six daughters," said Zuccbi "He is the drawing master, and lives in the college. The young ladies are charming. They would be only too glad to receive you, if you should be sent for to work at the Castle ; they would make you very welcome." "Six young ladies!" cried Angelica; "take care, take care, Antonio." Antonio was silent for a moment. " A painted trellis would be out of place," he said, suddenly, looking up at the ceiling, "in this smoky city ; but I will paint you a trellis, if you like." " Yes," said Angelica, " and paint me a little blue sky, Antonio, and a bird, and some scent of orange flowers." So they went on talking, and the warm happy hours passed on. Then a clock began to strike slowly. " Is that twelve ?" said Miss Angel. "I don't know," said Antonio. Neither of them cared to shorten this peaceful meeting, snatched out of the cold and darkness and noise and racket all round about, and belonging to their friendship. But as the clock finished striking Antonio's heart began to sink, and he felt somehow that the happy evening was over. And the Kauffmann, too, sat looking thought fully into the fire, of which while they talked, by some chance, one half had gone out and turned to blackness, while the other still burned ruddy. " Look there," Baid Angelica, " how eddly the fire burns." Antonio poked it with hk foot. " You know the superstition," he answered, " they were speaking of at Dr. Starr's only a day or two ago. It means, so they say, that two people who love each other are about to be parted ;" and he looked at Angelica as he spoke. She was playing with her wristlets ; a little flush was in her cheeks. "Antonio," she said, "do you think that people who are parted once can meet again ?" "That depends very much upon fortune's favors, and still more upon their own wishes," said Antonio, dryly. " Chance gives you a sight of people ; but you have yourself to make one in the meeting;" and then his voice softened. " We have met to- night, Angelica, and have been very happy. Perhaps next time I see you, some lord will be here, with his coach and six, and you will not have so much time to give me." " Time is nothing at all in friendship ; you can't measure things by time," said Miss Angel. " There is no lord in question, Antonio; but, shall I tell you all ? there it someone I often think of." " Someone who loves you ?" Antonio asked, in a dry voice. He was standing up and preparing to go. " Can he keep you, Angelica ? Has he got plenty of money ? Is he highly esteemed at Court ? Has he servants in proper liveries f " How can you speak in that unkind way !" ahe cried. " I open my heart to you, and thia is how you answer me." "Excuse me," said Antonio, "I was only talking as all your other friends will talk ; for myself I Bay, if you love anyone from your heart, were he as rich as Croesus, marry him ; ask no one's advice, and make no more diffi culties." "He is not as rich as Croesus. I did not know I loved him when he spoke to me," said Angel, penitent without much cause ; " but when you spoke just now about friends meeting, J could not help thinking of him, and wondering if it might ever come about. I think, Antonio, if he Bpoke to me again . . He is older than I am; I can trust him and look to him." " Is it that lord I saw in the box at the play!" asked Antonio. " It is no lord," Angelica repeated, very much agitated ; "Itis a worker like ourselves. It is Mr. Reynolds, Antonio." " What! the deaf man ?" said the younger painter. " I thought you would have cared about my interests," Baid Miss Angel, hurt by his tone and change of manner ; " but I see you are indiffer ent, that you have not one thought to give me." " You see very wrongly," the other answered. " I could even approve of your marriage if you cared for the proposed husband. But that you do not, Angelica. Good-night!"—and he was gone. Chapter XVI. THROUGH WINTER-TIME TO SPRIXO. While Antonio was walking home through the black midnight Btreets ; while Mr. Reynolds was sitting in his own studio composing an article for the Rambler (the studio was still haunted by some paling ghost of Miss Angel, while the painter had quietly made up his mind to aban don the siege of the difficult fortress he had in cautiously attacked, the fortress itself was secretly preparing to surrender, for it was built upon the sandy foundation of impulse, of youth ful ardent imagination. With all her faults, as I have said, Angelica was a genuine woman, incapable of deceiving any one, unless, indeed, she herself were deceived, and whatever she might realise now, she had at •the time truly felt that gratified vanity was no return for true feeling. Misunderstandings are far more difficult than people imagine in love or in friendship. Some instinct protects travellers iv that 6trange country where all is instinct, and if they disagree it is that from some secret rea son they do not belong to each other, for quarrels are nothing to those who are united in sympathy. If Mr. Reynolds spoke to her again, would she give him a different answer! Perhaps I might graciously be pleased to allow that I was less indifferent than I had once appeared to be, she thought, and she tossed back her curls and opened wide her eyes, and discovered it was nearly 10 o'clock, and time for bed. Antonio came next morning before Angel was up. He was used to workmen, and to hurrying their reluctant hammers and whitening pails. He took it upon himself to dismiss two or three on the spot, feeling sure that Angelica's little store would soon beexpendfid if she gave orders on the same scale as Lady W., who had sent in this army in all kindness and inexperience. Zuechi himcelf acted as chief artificer and foreman ; the men seeing him take his place so naturally, im agined that he was the owner of the house, and obeyed his orders. When Miss Angel appeared in her wrapping gown and cap she found that Antonio had accomplished wonders in hard morning's work, that everything was in order in the studio. The Princess, followed by the whole court, might come when she would. " I hope you forgive me for interfering," said Zuechi ; " you must remember how quickly money goes in this country, and that one man's day here costs three times as much as with us." "The days are much shorter and blacker here than with us," said Angelica. "They ought to be cheap enough : how good of you, Tonio, to come to my help ; what shall you want for your work ? See here," she said, running into her room and coming out again with Lady Diana's pocket-book, " I have saved £80, and Lady Diana has lent me £100 for my rent. lam to get £15 for three fans I am painting, to-morrow." " Do you mean that this is all yon have got to reckon on ?" cried Zuechi. " I thought those rich had loaded you with their miserable favors. Is this their dole in return for what you have done for them ? You will be starving in a month or two, if you go on at this rate, my poor child ; where is your father, that old mummy ? Why does he not come to take care of you I" he said, very much agitated. Antonio, brought up in the severe order of poverty, had an exaggerated horror of want and of debt, as he had of Angelica's incapacity. Angelica was perfectly justified under the cir cumstances in doing as she had done ; but it is certain that Antonio's cranky anxieties saved her money, labor, and many a consequent worry just at this time. He used to come for an hour in the morning, and for an hour in the evening. Angelica was not always there; but on her return she was mire to find some trace of his presence, and of the industry of the trembling hands. From the very first so many people came to Angelica's studio that his presence was little remarked upon. The Lord Essex of those days was her great friend and patron, so was Lord Henry Belmore, not to be rebuffed, and Lord W., would also hurry in and oat occasionally ; Mr. Fuseli came many times, Mr. Boydell and his brother, the artistic alderman, were entirely captivated with the young arist, and so, indeed, were many others too numerous to mention. All that winter the little house had been alive with voices, and footsteps, and greetings, and exclamations of wonder and admiration from friends, lovers, patrons, and admirers of both sexes. In the engrossment of settling down, of feeling her own success and importance, Angelica thought less of Mr. Reynolds than ahe did later, when the first excitement of this new way of living had somewhat palled upon her. Who could have imagined that this cold foggy life was to be so full of vibrating emotion and of romance. Rome, with all her wonders, had contained far more common-place experiences than this black and vapor haunted city. Lady Diana came often at first, then more rarely, for ahe looked on with doubtful approbation at Miss Angel's experi ences. Lady W. also came. She seemed to have forgiven Angelica. Angel, standing in the deep windows of her studio, could see her torches flaring up the street as the lady travelled home wards in her chair ; as the lights would disap pear into the fog Angel would ask herself if she was indeed the little girl of a year ago, who had stood eating grapes and looking over the Rialto. The remembrance of it sometimes came over her so vividly that she seemed to breathe the air, to hear the voices, the sound of the feet trailing upon the bridge. Zuechi's voice did not jar upon these recollections, although he sent them flying. All that winter Angelica was too busy, too en grossed to look back often ; the present was all in aIL She rarely met Mr. Reynolds, but when she did come across him he seemed to avoid her she thought, and just at this time she was con tent that it should be so, and glad of the post ponement. That all would come right she never questioned ; of her power to call anybody to her feet she scarcely doubted. " I can look at people," she once told Antonio, half in jest and half in earnest* " and make them turn pale and do any thing I wish ; but I don't, Antonio. I could make you much kinder if I tried. But lam used to your Moldings." Antonio left the room, banging the door. So time, and sitters, and days passed by in turn, the house in Golden-square prospered and flourished, and Angelica was delighted with her own triumphs and successes, and the time drew near for old Kaufimann's arrival. The Princess of Brunswick had given so flat tering an account of the young painter that the Princess of Wales, the mother of the king, sent a message to say that she was coming to visit Angelica in her studio. " Such an honor was never paid to any other painter," writes An gelica to her transported old father. He read the letter to his sister, the farmer's widow, to the dairy maid, to the cure after mass, to the goatherd, to the very goats upon the mountain slope. The whole valley participated in the Kauffmann's distant honors and glories. They urged him to lose no time, to start off immedi ately to the golden scene of his daughter's triumph. "In London, that great city, the ap plause," says Rossi," was universal. The public papers contained verses in different languages written in her praise." It required no little courage and dogged op position on Antonio's part to continue his system of detraction and plain speaking as he called it. One can never account for the curious phases of people's mind. To him Angelica was an inade quate genius ; but a more complete woman per haps than any other he had ever known ; more complete in her feminine power than all the six Miss Stars at Windsor put together, than the Princess of Brunswick in her velvet mantles ; than Lady W. with all her beauty, her gentle affectations, and cultivated vapors. Sometimes Antonio coming in would find the young painter Bitting surrounded by a circle of admirers. Not unfrequently she would be talk ing nonsense in a high, ecstatic voice. " Yes !" she would say, " I will confess to you all that it has been a something beyond me that has ever driven me onward through life, seeking for the most beautiful and ideal representation of the truth. That is why I try to give deep, allegori cal meaning to «dl that I depict. If I have painted this picture of my friend Mary Moser as 'Prudence sacrificing to Duty and Enchaining the wings of Cupid,' it is because I have felt that in the most common-place form and feature (here there was a. little suppressed titter in the circle which Angelica did not notice—Mr. Fuseli alone frowned and looked annoyed) there is often a moral, a suggestion far beyond the passing moment, and to that we must cling if we would not utterly weary and sicken of the dull disap pointments and realities of life." She started up as she spoke, a slim prophetess in a white falling dress, pointing to the picture she had just completed. Some classical recess in the wall just behind made an arch above her head. It wa9 an April evening ; the window was open ; the dusk was creeping in. A great vase of spring flowers stood on a table by her side. " I do not comprehend," said Antonio, in his slow English, " why an allegory should be of more value to the world than a truth. I should have imagined until now that a good likeness, carefully painted, is what one wishes for, in re membrance of a friend, not a classical allusion to something else which does not concern any body in particular." Miss Angel blushed up. Some secret con science warned her that she had been making a display ; but why was Antonio to lecture her in public. She said nothing, but she showed by her manner that she was displeased. Contradiction from Zuechi always roused the secret gipsy in Angelica's character. True friends are sorte of magnifying glasses. Antonio was a true friend, and saw her perhaps as she really was, with some slight exaggeration. For Antonio alone, perhaps, she was but her self—no wonder such as all these people would have declared her to be, no mighty mistress of her art, but a sweet and impulsive hearted girl whose arch bright looks, half saucy, half appeal ing, went straight to his heart, whose constant self- denying work and application he knew how to appreciate. Perhaps she pursued her way too triumphantly ; perhaps if her pictures had cost her more, they might have been better worth the sweet lifetime she had given to them, the hours of youth, of gaiety, and natural amuse ment and interest sacrificed to these smiling ladies vaguely waving their arms or reclining upon impossible banks. He praised her coloring, and Angel's cheeks would burn in answer. Her sentiment was charmiflg; but herdnuruvwac absurd and he did not scrap!* to tell her so. 