SMITH'S ASSYRIAN DIS- COVERIES. (FHOM TUE SATURDAY BEVIEW, MB. 6 ) The results of Mr George Smiths recent explorations of the mounds of Nineveh and Babylon have been such as amply to reward the enterprise in which they had their origin, as well as to widen indefinitely the prospects of future research among the same heaps of buried lore. The object of his mission was not so much any addition to monumental or artistic collections, in which the museums of Europe are already rich, as the accumulation of fresh materals relating to the language, the literature, and the history of the country. In particular, great hopes had been kindled by the discovery of the series of cylinders and tablets embodying the early Baby lonian legend of the Deluge, the chronicles of Esarhaddon, Assurbanipal, Sargon, ond other monarchs and of the mass of lore bearing upon the science and art of those remote ages yielded by the fortunate disinterment of the royal libary or record chamber by Mr. Layard. Never, perhaps was anticipation more satisfactorily fulfi'led than when Mr Smith lighted, as by a happy instinct, upon the tablets which largely fill up the blanks in the Izdubar or Deluge series, originally deciphered by him from the clay fragments in the British Museum. We hardly know whether he is most to bo envied the joy of the primary discovery, or the sub- sequent triumph which he must have felt when bit by bit the new found relics fitted into each tantalising gap. Mr Smith has told the story of his early essays in cuneiform interpretation, and of the expeditions since undertaken by him for the managers of the Daily Telegraph and the trustees of the British Museum, with a modesty of tone as well as with a power of clear and straight foi ward description such as greatly enhance the charm which the tale of his researches must possess for every reader of thought and taste Mr. Smith makes the import of his rocont discoveries all the clearer by means of a short summary of the successive steps in the pro- gress of the archæology of Assyria, from the date of M. Botta's first breaking ground in 18.2 at Kouyunpk and at Khorsanad, and from Grotefend s discovery of the key to tho deciphering of the Persian cuneiform writing, which in the hands of Rawlinson, and of a bond of skilled and zealous co operators in this countiy and on the Continent, has un locked to many of the mysteries which not long ago seemed impenetrable. To the list of valuable historical and linguistic memoirs thus accumulated Mr. Smith hnnself, not long after the time of his taking up this de- partment of research, contributed a new text upon the tribute paid by Jphu to Hazael, fixing tho war in the 18th year of Shalmanezer II, to whose reign be longs the obelisk of black stone, now in the British Museum, upon which the event is inscribed. The history of Assurbanipal was his next work of importance, followed by interesting readings from the annals of Tiglath Pileser, bringing in notices of Aza riah, King of Judah, of Pekah and Hoshea, Kings of Israel The earliest date yet brought to light among the inscriptions waa found by him in 1808, in the record of a conquest of Babylonia by the Elamites 1635 years before the subjugation of Elam by Assurbanipal, or 2280 B C. In the next year, amongst other curious discoveries of his wps a religious calendar of the Assynans, to which he abstains from assigning a date, in which every month is divided into four weeks, and tho seventh days, or Sabbaths, are set down as days on which no work should be done Young as Mr. Smith was in labour of this kind, he had already done tho work of a veteran when, in January, 1871, he left Eng- land to carry on tho process of searching for more of these hidden treasures of tho past. Six weeks' rapid travelling by way of Marseilles and Alexandretta, and thenco on horseback through Aleppo and across tho snowy ranges of Karajah Dagh, the inci- dents of which, though not striking in them selves, are graphically and agreeably told, brought him face to face with those mysterious mounds which ho had so long yearned to see To strike into them was not so easy a matter , the place of tho indispen- sable firman being inadequately filled by the commission of the Daily Telegraph The local pasha forbade his even looking at the ruins, nor was the aid of the obliging French consul more effectual There being no representative of our own at Mosul, Mr Smith resolved on journeying to Baghdad, trusting himself down stream to a crazy raft of wooden logs upborne by in- flated skins. He thus had the opportunity of inspecting by the way the ruins of Kalah Shergat, the site of tho city of Assur, the capital of Assyria, as early as the nineteenth century B C, whose grandeur gradually paled from the fourteenth century onwards before tho rising greatness of Nineveh. From Bagh- dad he made an excursion to the ruins of Babylon, much too short indeed for his inclinations, feeling as he did that here was tho older and richor country, far less worked than Assyria, and that here be would mucü ratner sec mm self to excavate He takes the occasion of his three days' survey to give us a short sketch of the history of Babylon, which we hear with regret is gradually disappearing, a regular trade in the ancient bricks being earned on by the natives The Izdubar in scription supplies the earliest mention of the city, the Babylonian monarchy being formed at that time by the union of a number of small states The date of the great range of buildings combining the templeaof Merodach and Zirat-banit, with the accompanying ziggurrat or tower, called tho " house of the foundation of heaven and earth," is lost in obscurity They were restored at a very early period by a king named Agu or Agukak-rimi and again by Hammurabi, who made Babylon the capital of the whole country somewhere in the 16th century B C The lately recovered annals record a series of captures by tho Assyrian monarchs and of subsequent revolts, the city reaching ita hifchest pitch of magnificence under Nebu chadnezzar, passing into the hands of the Medea and Persians, under Cyrus, 539 B C , and from the time of Alexander the Gre it gradually sinking into its present state of utter ruin, Armed at last with tho needful firman Mr Smith posted back to Nineveh, taking, a flying glance at Ervil, the Arbela of old, where Alexander defeated Darius, and where much might be looked for from excavation It was at tho temple of Nebo that he began operations, This site had at some time seived as a granary, a large tunnel driven into the mound being found packed with grain black and rotten from age The eastern and southern portions of the mound have been dug through and through since the full of Assyria for burying purposes, and coffins of all shapes and sizes were met with, yielding beads, rings, and other orna- menta, some of tho time of Alex- ander Amidst a mass of miscellaneous rubbish, at the palace of Sennacherib, on May 15, the welcome fragment turned up containing the 15 lines which Mr. Smith had conjectured to be wanting in the Chaldean account of tho Deluge. In the same mass were found in scribed tablets of much historical value, tho fragment of a curious syllabary in four columns, sundry ornaments, and a magnifi- cent throne of crystal, too much broken un- fortunately to be copied To Mr Smith's preat disappointment his report of these triumphant resulta was follownd by a mes sage calling him home. He reached Eng land early in Juno. It was not without many a difficulty with the Turkish authorities that the valuable collection of relics amassed during this brief but well spent interval of toil at length reached then present abiding place in tho British Museum As the sun rose on the first day of 1874 Mr Smith once more with a shout of joy rode into Mosul, this time in the interest of tho trustees of the British Museum, who had set aside £1,000 for the prosecution of further researches under the power of tho firman which held good till the 9th or 10th of Marcl Vexatious disputes on the part of th Turkish officials compelled him to lim: his operations entirely to the mound e Kouyunjik. It was chiefly in and around th library chamber of Sennacherib, not half the contents of which he had from the first believed to have been exhausted by Mr Layard, that he met with his great successes More than 8 000 fragments of inscribe tablets were here picked up, tho positions in which they were found inducing the convic tion that they had fallen from a chamber situated on the upper story of the palace A curious lintel of stone, 6ft in length, the first of its kind met with in Assyria, of which a good photograph is given, was disinterred here, and amongst other articles of ornament or use a two pronged fork in bronze Nothing had been previously known of the existence of forks in times so remote They are first heard of as articles of luxury brought by a Greek princess from Con stantinople to Venice at the end of the 11th century of our era Another relic of rare in terest is the fragment of an astrolabe, which helps m combination with the newly found astronomical tablets, to throw much light supplementary to what Mr. Sayce has given us upon the Babylonian division of the heavens and the names of the fixed stars The sky was divided mti our regions, the passage of the sun through these marking the four seasons of the year Of the puncipal fragment Mr. Smith gives i translation, retaining as ' month ' and "day" the accepted equivalents of the ori ginal signs, yet reserving his belief that for " day" we should read a degree of the heavens and for "month' a sign of the zodiac. 'The Assyrian year, like the Jewish, consisted of 1. lunar months adjusted to the solar year by the occasional intercalation of a month the time for which was decided by watching for what was called the " star of stars ' to be just in advance of tho sun when it crossed the vernal equinox Mr Smith has now been enabled to fix approximately, and in some cases to identify about 30 of the principj stars Four of these are given on tho frag ment of the astrolabe—the stars Urbat and Addil in Scorpio, and the stars Nibat and and Udkagaba in Sagittauus The star Nibat-anu has hitherto been erroneously taken for a planet. The heavens and the year were represented by the circular form of the astrolabe, the circum ference of which was divided into 12 parts, tho number of degrees in each being marked. Inside these there were 12 other divisions nearer the Pole forming a second and inner circle, the leading prominent star being inserted in each of the 21 divisions The fact that in tho tablet the four quarters of the heavens do not commence with the new year leads Mr Smith to inquire whether the precession of the equinoxes had shifted since the first settlement of Babylonian astro nomy. How regularly reports were sent in from the observatories established in most of the large cities appears from a tablet found in the palace of Sennacherib, recording the observations by Abil- istar of the eclipse of the moon in tho city of Akkad The Flood series of legends expanded and corrected by tho light of the new texts, assumes a far more characteristic aspect than it exhibited in its more broken and fragment- ary state The name of Izdubar, which Mr. Smith's earliest reading inclined him to connect with records, was he allows, nothing more than a makeshift. He is now disposed to identify this hero with the Nimrod of Scripture The legends themselves he would refer to the time of tho early Babylonian empire, more than 2 000 years B C The hero, a mighty hunter or giant, gained rule over the district round Babylon driving out some tyrant who ruled over Erech, and add- ing this region to hie kingdom He destroyed a monster which laid waste the land, and received at his court the great seer or astro loger Heabani, aided by whom he subdued the chiefs Humbaba and Belesu killed the "divine bull,' and reigned over all the valley of the Euphrates and Tigris, from the Persian Gulf to the mountains of Armenia. Heabani is now killed by an unknown wild animal, named " tamabnkku," and Izdubar stucken with some disease, apparently leprosy, resorts to the sea coast where he meets with the deified hero who escaped the Flood. The new fragments from Kou yunjik give to this hero the name of ' Hasisadra," the origin of the Xisithrus of Berosus and Herodotus. Hasisadra tells tho story of the Flood,differing in many particulars from the narrative of tho Bible and betokening an earlier version. Other inscriptions refer to the Flood, one of the oldest mentioning the "City of the Ark," which in the Izdubar series is named " Surippak." On certain cylinders and gems Izdubar is depicted in his boat. One striking peculiarity of the legend is the making the Ark a regular ship, which is launched into the sea and navigated by boatmen This is tho tradition of a sea- faring people, or of a people familiar with such floods as might befall at the mouth of a great river like the Euphrates. The Bible narrative is that befitting an inland people, and the ark is a coffer or chest, in no true sense a ship. The twelfth tablet of the series telling of the raising of Heabani to heaven, is the most important of all, as showing the early Babylonian belief in heaven and hell, with the existence of tho soul after death. The region of the blessed is called "Samu ' and is presided over by " Anu," the supreme celestial god. Hell, besides other titles, is called "Matnude," ' Iskalli," or "Aralli," and is ruled by Hea, the god of the ocean and infernal regions, corresponding to Pluto, the lord of Hades. The descent of Ishtar into Hades furnishes a fine passage, descrip- tive of the dark regions below. From a speech addressed apparently to Heabani by his ghost or vadukka, it would seems as if the Babylonians believed in a spirit or soul in man distinct from himself, tho soul of Heabani being released at the command of Hea and rising to heaven. How far apart this prominence of the spiritual side in man and of a belief in the after-life is from the Mosaic representation need scarcely be pointed out. The fact lends support to tho conviction of which Mr Smith speaks as held by tho majority of Assyrian scholars, that the civilisation, lite rature and mythology of Mesopotamia were not the work of a Semitic race, but of a totally different people who were subsequently con quered by the Semitic tribes, the conquerors imposing their own language upon the con quered, but adopting the mythology, the laws and literature of their subjects. To this race the name of "Akdad" has been provisionally given a city of that name being mentioned in Genesis (x 10) as one of the capitals of Nimrod, and having been identified by Mr Smith with Agadi, the capital of Sargon. This race has been supposed by many scholars to have affinities with the Turanian stock, which holds a prominent place in cer tain systems of primitive ethnology, but which critically speaking, stands for little more than a general name for those early races to which no more definite stand ing is to be assigned in tho pedigree of nations. How far back into the mythical past we may be enabled by further discoveries to penetrate must remain a matter for speculation. Enough, however has now been recovered to establish fixed points of chronology upon tho border-land of fable, whence fresh inroads may be looked for into the region of the unknown. Thus before this part of his inquiries was taken up by Mr Smith the names of no more than 28 Kings of Babylonia prior to B C 747 were known from the inscriptions The list now given by him shows the advance made in the history and chronology of these early kingdoms. For the period before the Flood the inscriptions exhibit not a few points of contact with the canon of Berosus, and definite dates seem attainable for the Elamite kings as early as 2280 B C of whom Chedorlaomer (Gen xiv) was one ; the historical kings of Assyria dating from Ismi-dagan B C 1850 A treaty of Kari-indas King of Babylonia, with Assyria bears date 1450 in Mr Smith's list. The succession of Assyrian kings is fuller and clearer than that of the Babylonian, though not extending back so far. To account indeed for tho rise of a civilisation, literature, and government such as we can trace existing in Babylonia 2,000 years before the Christian era, calls for an extension of history to a range of time compared with which the growth of Egypt itself seems recent. Among the miscellaneous texts of a minor kind which the newly acquired inscriptions have supplied are curious fragments upon geography, natural history, witchcraft, evil spints, laws, contracts, and official de spatches. One tablet which Mr Smith has had photographed gives a fine hymn to Light, partly in the Turanian, partly in the Assyrian language. Another, sadly broken has contained a Babylonian account of the creation ; and a third more perfect, is taken up with a strange story of the seven wicked gods or spirits. There is tho deed of sale of the enclosure Bahai, near the city of Lahiru, upon tho Elamite frontier with tho names of the parties and tho seal of the governor, Ner gal-ilai, late in the reign of Esarhaddon B C 670 and the sale of a girl, Anadalati, daughter of Sayaradu, by a woman named Daliya, belonging to tho palace of Sennacherib, B C 687. Some of the sylla baries and bilingual texts are of great value to students of the languages, and the rich ness of tho collection at large is such as to excite an ardent longing for the results which might be expected from a more pro longed and systematic exploration of tho site 