* THE CHARGE AGAINST COLONEL BAKER. Colonel Valentine Baker, of the 10th Hussars, who had been remanded on a charge of indecently assaulting Miss Rebecca Kate Dickinson, surrendered on his bail at a special county sessions, held at the County Hall, Guildford, when the charge was further gone into. The magistrates on the Bench were Mr Allen Chandler (chairman), Mr D. Macdonald, Colonel F. Marshall, Lord Middleton, Colonel Ross, Mr Goodwin Austen, Mr R. Breoy, and the Hon. F. Scott. The case excited very great interest, and the court was filled im- mediately the doors were open and a considerable number of persons were collected outside who could not gain admission. The complainant, accom- panied by her sister and brother, Dr Dickinson, came into court shortly before the proceedings commenced. The defendant came in soon afterwards accompanied by several friends, and, with Sir Samuel Baker, was accom- modated with a seat at the table beside his counsel. Mr Poland appeared for the prosecu tion; and Mr Hawkins, Q.O., and Mr Lilley, for the defence. At the request of Mr Hawkins, the witnesses, except the complainant,. were ordered out of court. The evidence of the prosecutrix, Miss Rebecca Dickinson, was as follows: She said : I live at Dunford, near Mid- hurst, with my mother and two sisters, we have lived there since September of last year; Before that we lived at New Park, Lyminton. On Thursday last an arrangement had been made for me to accompany my married sister and her husband, Dr Bradshaw, on a trip to the Continent, and I proceeded on that day with my luggage to the rail. way station. I went in lly mothers' carriage, and was accompanied by my sisters. 1 went by the five minutes past three train to Portorfield, where I changed into a train on the main line. I got into an empty compartment of a first-class carriage, and I got my lug. gage, consisting of a portmanteau and three parcels placed in the same com partmenut. I remained alone in the compartment till we got to Lipkook, which is the next station, and there the defendant got into the compart-. ment. I was sitting in the cornernext the platform facing the window, and the window was down. Defendant sat opposite in the middle seat, with his back to the engine. After the train had -left the -station, the defendant asked if I felt the draught. I said, " I like it, thank you." He did not speak to me again till we got to I-Hasle mere, and then he spoke of the beauty of the country as we passed the various stations. He changed his seat, and ant opposite to me. He next spoke'of the Academy, and asked if- I had boe'' at Aldershot, and I said, " Yes I had a brother stationed there formerly, and that we went to a ball there." Some thing w's said about Midhurst, and I, said I came from there. He said he was on the staff in the North Camp. This was before we camo to Woking. .Seeing my portmanteau in the compart ment, he said, " I see you are going to Dover; are you going. there to night ?" I said " Yes, we shall be off to morrow morning." He said, "Are you going alone 7" and I said " No, m'p brothor-in-laIw anud 0my sisorro rorgln wieU tile. " Liesasay " sYou Will have to wait two hours in town You ought to stay a few days in town." I said we had previously been, a weook or two before. oHe said. "" I suppose you wont to all the theatres." I said, "' We saw Hamlet and nothing more." He said, "A better actor than Salvina is 'coming ourt-Rossi. The Italians seem very strong in that way, and there are no particularly good English actors coming on." iHe- asked if .I believed in mesmorism. I said I did not know. Tho conversation continued for some time. ' The train stopped at Woking station. No one got into the carriage. He asked mo if I could fix a time to be on the lino-again, I'said, " No." He said, " You won't." He then put tho window up, and asked me to tell him my name. I said, " I sban't." He again said, "You will give me your name," and I said «I ashin't.'.'" He said, " Why not ?" I said, I " Because I do not choose, I do not see any reason why I should." He said, SWill you tell me yourf' Christian i name ?" I made no reply.' He changed his seat and came beade me and took : t hold of my hand. I said, " Get away4; I won't have you so near," and prished him off. He put his arm round may waist, and hold me in front wiith the. other arm and kissed me. He said, "You must kiss me, darling." I got up, and after great trouble reached the bell, the dial in the railway carriage. - The glass was -broken i He said, " Don't ring." I put out my 1 hand, and tried the bell both.;,ways; e but it would not .move. Then: he forced me back into the corner, the same corner I was in before, and y pressed me baek against the carriage j himself being in front, and placed his face on mine and kissed me on the lips. I said, "If I tll youea my name, will you get off ?" I don't think that he made any reply. Then he sank down a close in front, of me, and I felt. his hand underneath my dress, on ' my stookiug, above my boot. I struck the window with my elbow, to see if I z could break the glass; but did .not e break it, and got up instantly. I got r the window down, and put my head e out, working with my olbows, and I screamed. Nobody heard. I felt r quite s'trangled with' something pul e ling moe behind. He was' pulling me' behind. I screamed once more, feel ing it was all I was able to do, and at the same time I twisted round the handle of the door, and stopped out backwards on the footboard, and hold with my left hand on the handle. :He hod hold of my arm. I kept a firm hold of his arm with my right hand, a and said, " If you leave go I shall fall."'i s He said "getin dear, get in dear, you i get in, and I will got out at the other door," and he prepared to move : off. I had seen the other door looked at Guildford. I said again " If you leave Sgo I shall fall." I said nothing more. When I was outside I saw the passern gers' heads out of the windows two . gentlemen in the next compartment. I said, " flow long is it before the t train stops ?' cc~ oould'd not i hear whether any rre py ; was given, but I fancy he sai'd " don't know." No thing further.took place till the train stopped. I lost my3 hat as soon as I got out.' Ttobd't 'roduced is thebone.. . Before the traitn stoppedri was very nearly exhausted. When the train stopped defendant saird?!Don't say. anything; you don't know whliat trouble you will get me into;,say you, were frightened. I will giveiyou my nanme or anything else." I" made - no reply. Several of the passengers came up and the engine driver and the guard. The Reov lr Brown.was one of the passengers. I was lifted off. They said,""-What is the matter.?"g'I said "'That man would: notl ledveoina alone." 'They-said, " Which 'man.? ' I said " That man."' The defendant was.. there. They said, "We hare removed him; get in again." 1 got into the same compartment. I-said':I must have someone with: me 'and-the Rev Mr Brown gotiinto:the sam?'e comn partment, and went' on with me to:the end of the journey. When we got 'to the W1aterloo Station I went with the Rov. Mr Brown and some of the passengers and officials to the office. The defendant was taken there as well.. IHe said " I am very sorry for any-. thing I did to frighten you." I gave my address to the railway guard. Defendant said, " I know your brother very well indeed, give me his iad'ress and I will write to him." I said " You may do what you choose." I did not give him my brother'saddress. We passed on, and I went to my brother's house, Dr Diclinson, in Chlster field street, with Mr Brown. I had a large bruise on my right arm. Other evidence was given corrobor rating the testimony of the lady.. , At the close of the examination of witnesses, the defendant said-I am pliced hero in a' most '.dlieate and diffionlt position. 'If any'aot of.'mine on the occasion referred to oould have given annoyance to Miss Dickinso°i, I beg o. express to her my most unqua li fled regret. ' At the samrne time I declare uponl my honour thLatthe case was not as it has bon.represeinted heroe to-day by l?er under' the. irifluence. :ofi exag. gerated fear and unnecessary, alarm. Ido not in the least say that she wil fully misrepresented, but I say' that it is, as representedo most nineorreeoot. In this statement I do not intend to 'east the:: slightest reflection on Miss Dickinson. .To, the .evidence of theo polioeeconstable Attor I gi?e the most unqualiliod 'denial.. The mnagistrate' thden 'retiroed ?cl remained out of court for some minutes? On their return The Chairman, ' addressing ,i Mr Poland said-On the part,.of the prosecution do you object to bail beig taken. O1g L"ru3ut-LI lU10UUr ro u£lU Uij ject or to say that I do not -object. I think it is a matter entirely for'the lnagistrates. I ought not to interfere" The Cairman--Then the .,hail will be £2000. for the defondant ?and twoi sureties in '.£1i000. ea' h The defendant wars forferly ommit. tod to take, hls trial at" tfhe obsuing assizo~, and''the co0mplainant i aidd wit noesses- wre bound .over to apipeairand giveoovidnnce against him. . The bail was 'then ontred 'into, thle suretirs being Viseount .Vaiileitiaand'' Sir Samuel; Baker after which ,th o.do fondant left'the oourt accompanied-by I his friends:. "A small' crowd'was eol 'lebted obtai'de..who folldwodd him someo distanc.e, :but' no de'mon'strations of f fooling .was:mado . :i ; ' [A cable message has- since stated that'deftn dan t was sentenced to twelve , nidnths' .impirisonment. withouit hard r labour,'and'.to afineo of £500.,] ,,,:- t Joseph Coulthiird,, a prinoipal wit e ness in a oseo.of..forgery, at Meolbourno, is missing'; .it iasauiipposed hii has com- p mittediai uoide. P? iiENT OF WAOGEON A SATUS I DAY;,-Probably the custom of paying Y wages and salaries on ?turdays is the a. ohief reason that soci.uoh intoxibca , tion prevails on the last evening of t the week. The living stream, conm 3 posed for the most part of cheery, y fanily groups. on marketing and sight.- 3 seeitrgintent, -t'at a'surges. up -and` y down George and Pitt streets on these Soccasions is pleasant to witnesq. But o ai' the hours wear on there are speat a aOles which are not quite so gratify I ing. Knots of younpg men, .evidently a junior clerks, store assistants and so s forth, swagger along the pavement, all i. more or less under the iflfuenoe: of" I drink, and apparently roaming"t`'rom e hotel to hotel. Indeed, if any, of the i latter establishments., be ;ontred, it s- will hboe observed` lthat alll bof. them· v from the most select ?:af6 to the; c dirtiest public-house, .carry. on their I liveliest liquor traflioe on :iSaturday: t night. - As midnight approaches t:the t streets'are not very orderly thorotigh I fares. :The youths before 'referred to. I now in a much more adfanood state 'of t inebriation, take 'i`thei titlttii', pretty well to themselves, playing practical 3 jokes, or, in the current phrase~,, sky larking,' whooping, .singing, :iandz t generally making themselvesextrediiely 3 ridiculous. Roughs and larrikins ap pear in'swarmss; and' a 'deprated saeo I tion of thbo' bonmunity are ?plying 3 their calling everywhere. But be-: t yond all this there is yet.another, de? plorable spentacle-namely, ,that ,of: a: nnimber- of labouring men. spending, x.their hard-earned wages in public-.. r houses, and roeling 'hlimoe i'oitlheir families in a.brutal anddobased, state t of intoxication. The ltraces of the a debauch but too -frequently indeed, last through the following day. Any one who will 'take.' the, trouble; on ?a Sunday to stroll- through one 'of.- those portions of the city inhabited by thee a poorer classes will observe numbers of;! men half-stupefied with: drink, and evi-l I dently bidding :fair to., resume, their, condition of the previous night. :"TIhe: i Police Courts on Monday. morning fur I nish the last cliapter'of the tale. But'" why 'should this be ?' Why should Saturday evening lie reserved for an.. t orgio and dedicated-.,for ~the,, speciali benefit of the publicans?: It is deeply to be.rogretted; and, as we before 'ob· served, thedpraotice of paying salaries a'nd wages bn Saturdays probably has 'uiuch to do with it. If it were cus tomnary;to pay; onployds on Mondays a.': 3 very great deal of :dissipation,:.vice,:: f and extravagance might, perhapsi-be.. effectually stopped. The anticipation Sobf:Tuesday's work might prevent Mon 3 day's folly.-Ec/ko. SThe Braidwood paper states that some time since Mr T. Shanahan, of Molonglo, had several catle stolen from his run,,but tlhe thieves were so;rwelli-' 'folliowd-diip by hiisjstodoktma?s tl?at:ohne :of thein -(Jibson"-has' been' comninitted for trial: ''Thero' is little' :doubt :tliat thoreis an, rganised niob: of-tcattle-, steilors, \who carry on their trade be twoon Jingera and ]Bungonia, as Mr Shanahan is not the only oneuwhose cattle liave'ben' :.:to.lon.,tTht?'sovnga bonds have so many touts and harbour ers to give them warning of the move; ments'of the :police, 'that' .tle officers of justice have the uitmost. diffiulty in gaining any ;information: I.:: An inquest ias held 'at the 'Mofiiy: court-house on T .li.rsday, toellgthe .:y death of Mr Poppenhagen, e'stractor,a who was drowned on the previous dnty. in the Moruya River whilaiittinmpting` to cross. ='Strange'to i?iy, ilhe dleceased did not disappear under the water at. all, and when recovered and itaklen to to the .rivei banklilife was 'rot'exitinot;", Everyeffort was .made to, bring hlii round, but without aivail. A 'eordiot?i of accidentally drowned; . " T NEVER RAINS DUIUIT IPOUILS. -The.following-story isrelated bythelio Ballarat correspondent of thoe Pleasant Creek .:.Necws- ':;,Abutcxt:'igli tin op months ago a resident of this district,.. who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully;: of the fact df'thleiblue:bloodi ofian?old family: coursing.' through. hislN','in?,; l married, and loft to settle elsewhore',. At the tilmn tlioh' oremday ',as= per-? forimed thie gentleman 'in question;?, at-?; traoted just.:thait' :siinall|amotunt' of notice usually acoordud'; by, the, wbild J; to one who srptotimes onp afford ;tl!ree pennyworth of been,.foruhis: Suuday's, dinnor, but more freqluently cannot;:: However, 74 f'friendi ddI/idsladsis ';l' 'togethf6, 'nad 'wish hll is ri'iesii newly-wedded pair, whdlshortly sippeai id. away from us unperceived_, and no--, missed, h;eVlhnifLsstato5 th!e~i ife,(i. stranger hereaboutts).. was as poor and unknown as. the man she knelt beside ,at .. the altar,. I snail nave aideald'lt-thb ,,irioodbe sba.id conebrnig;a marrige of..which few were awisro, and aeil t which as mkany -eared.. HHrd.worlin a'nther.colony was to tle couplh theonly reward that isoeeieodl·likely to mark' thoe fulflilmeiit' of long :and affotioiate :engagement. Neithor had .to their knoiwledge :kitlh no?r kinon theo face of itheearth?: so placed strong, reliance? in :eaoh oho r. when they lmplmhd ttier trotlh Now mnirk a ,vhia .the ,wiririgmg1 of, ti?e brought about. ,,:IiAprih last the: hue-... tiand was 'wanted!iinot' by. the obllooe, but by mPtfirm,of solicyprs, yho ,p1aeed hiihi iniot&ssieston; of soe rmvcrsi d pro per,t " in i nden, the ie?ntd roll oF whi?h: .means adilttle oy.er.£18,6OQ cannmiz4lly. -Mo.l'adrkin.bht' so far removoed as to be", quite, inki'own'tiielim) :i Tih lisstmni"'-?l whioch reached , hro, told. of, furthe'r": favoirs in stord for Lhoifortunate eouples The wife suoeoeoded,.nt n ot"astitlebut to what isbUotter;-.84,000, bequeathed to her byi anitur-dl-irothi-6r?of r se. "exitonce she' wa-.- daunl'tfu'~aildtl whioseo' wh ereibonu ti (imidiitjsivn t 7S -e proved) rioles sli had ??t, tle ghost of-an idea.' 