Miss Angel,' BY Miss Thackeray. CHAPTER XXIX. One by one the spectators of this strange little tragedy took their leave as spectators do. The play being over they return to their own interests. All that evening Angel and her of athel' sat by the fire in the studio silent, but not unmindful of each other's presence. Little Rosa was quietly playing in a corner alone. Angel hold her father's horned old hand in her soft fingers. They had had a long talk together; she had been quite open to him, and without disguise Those well-meant deceive, those agonising suppression by which people try to save others from pain are they worth the grief they occasion ? Very often the sense of confidence and security for outbalance any pain of frankness and even of condemnation expressed. A father does not utterly resent any misfortune however greatly to be deplored, by which his daughter is doomed to remain at his side. John Joseph hold the pretty hand with its pointed fingers, and looked at it with fatherly eyes. _" This is a painter's hand," he said, with a kind little caressing tap. " Where is thy cameo ring, Angel, that the Lady Ambassadress gave thee i" How can I tell you where it is ?" said Angel, with a sudden burst of feeling, " M. De Horn took it away he did not give it back to me, How can I tell you where he is How shall I over know where he is again ?" The old man know not what to say to comfort her he could only mutely caress the poor little trembling hand. Angelica felt that the truth had now been owned. Now there was no longer anything to conceal, and any truth faithfully faced is strength in itself. But thou it must he the whole truth, and not a half truth. She told herself, and she told the old man, simply that her life was spoiled, that she could not feel that vows spoken with all sincerity and seriousness were broken because circumstances had changed. She regretted it all, but there could be no change ; she was convinced of the " If I had not been sincere in my feeling for that man, what excuse should I have had, father I" said she. It came to me suddenly ; but it was no imagination. While he lives I shall ever feel bound to him. What excuse had I but my sincerity 1" It was in vain old Kauffman.!! expostulated. Angelica shook her head sadly. After this Angel fell into a strange, hide Bcribablo state of morbid despair. How nobler nature was no longer called upon to act, her commonplace, every-day self failed to endure the daily pricks and the stings of pity of officious sympathy, and half-concealed curiosity. She knew not how to bear it all. If she had not prayed with all her heart for direction, who once said to herself, she could have better borne to be disgraced, to be ashamed of her actions, to he branded, so it seemed to her, for life. And yet she had only prayed to be helped to do right. She had not asked to be spared suffering. Her prayer had not been so fruitless as she imagined. That for which they all blamed and pitied her, for which she blamed herself, reflect- ing the minds of those who trusted, was not, perhaps, that in her conduct which most deserved condemnation." Her whole nature seemed changed. She who had courted attention now shrank from notice will sensitive terror. In after days she used to look back with strange pity and wonder at these sad and miserable times; be, seen by the light of a brighter future, these old days looked different, nor could she ever quite remember their full depth of bitter dullness. Even to remember is scarcely possible to put oneself back is sometimes a feat almost as difficult as to put oneself forward. Someone once showed me a drawing of Mendelssohn's. He had sketched his friend's house in loving remembrance of the hours he had spent there. "It is wonderfully accurate," said the lady who had preserved the picture ; but one window is misplaced, it is strange that remembering it all so accurately, he should have been mistaken on this point." The windows of the past have a curious way of shifting. We look back at the stone walls which have enclosed our lives, and they seem one day to open. Perhaps after lights break through and make a way. Perhaps Ino angels brook in, as in that picture of Tintoretto's where the heavenly company burst triumphantly through the massive walls, and become suddenly revealed to the astounded Mary. The angels of the past do sometimes reveal themselves long after. Although Angelica shrank from any allusion to hortioublos, old Kauffman!] scarcely spoke on any other subject. Me would return to it again and again, entreat her with loam and Bill' to dissolve her marriage. Thou her agitation grow excessive, " No, no," she said, she had no power to brook such a tie." " But the marriage is no marriage," old Kiiuffmimii would cry, exasperated, and appeal- ing to Mr. Reynolds, theil' constant friend. " Someone reads a service, There are no. bands, no witnesses. The man had been married before. 1 her father, am not consulted; the man disappears," "There was a licence," said Mr. Reynolds, slowly. ." I have taken counsel's opinion. The previous marriage could not be proved. "With you, Catholics, the law is strict; but I have no doubt that by an appeal to Homo??" "I entreat you, dear father, dear Mr. Rey- nolds," interrupted Angelica, with passionate emphasis, leave it, take all steps; you only give me more pain. I only ask to be left alone to bear my own burden, to injure no one else. Forget it all, father ; I shall speak of it no more." And she kept her word j but though she did not speak she drooped, thee blithe spirit was gone. Her friends were full of anxiety and solicitude. Lady Diana used to come day by day. Lillie Miss Reynolds used to arrive on tiptoe, slowly creaking the door handle, as if a click of the latch would add or detract from poor Angelica's barrenness of heart. Everybody had a different prescription, but none reached her. For some time after this Angelica seemed strangely altered : she had no word to utter, nothing to feel or to express. Such times come to all night falls, the winter of our discontent covers and bushes the songs and perfumes and blooming garlands of summer-time.' She had nothing more to say to anybody. She had said so much in so few words, felt so much in so few minutes, that now there seemed nothing left. She kept silence with her father ; she would endure his solicitude in a dogged, stupid sort of way. One day Lady Diana folded her in her arms in a sudden burst of indignation. " My poor, poor, friend I" she said. " Yes," Angel answered, " and this is only the beginning: it gets worse and worse. " The low-born, knavish, insolent wretch I" cried Lady Diana, whose own pride- had been curiously touched by the remembrance of past occurrences. " You have a right to be angry," said An- gelica, blushing up angrily ; " but he did love me. I am not his superior in birth, he loved me ; not you," she repeated, with a strange bitter laugh. The laugh went on and then changed into a great flood of tears, which relieved Lady Di. " You will see it differently some day," said she ; " you do not remember how you have been insulted. Have you no dignity, no pride, to re- sent such treatment 1" " I think not," said Angel, hanging her head, and speaking in a hard and dogged tone. "I am utterly and hopelessly disgraced. I see it in every face I meet. What use is there in speak- ing of it at all Nobody can understand me, and even you will not understand that I can have some sincerity of feeling in my heart." Her sorrow made her quite reckless of what she owed to other people, though not indifferent to their blame. It seemed to her as if all eyes were upon her. It was not all imagination on Angelica's part when she thought that people were looking at her, counting her poor heart throbs, scanning her lonely tears. She was a well-known character. This curious romance crept abroad from one source and another. Gossip was better managed in those days than now, and persons of a larger mind were interested in the private details which then took the place of those public facts in which persons are now absorbed. * PuMnhwl by racial amnieaMiit with Uk author. AltrifhtaoMmt Mr. Reynolds was discreet in vain ; it provoked him to hear the poor girl's name in every mouth. Wherever he went he was cross questioned and re-cross questioned, Some blamed, some laughed, all talked. Lady Diana used to bite her lips with vexa- tion. What cannot one or two good friends accomplish The influence of this man and this woman worked wonders in Angel's behalf. Their steady friendship saved her from the ill opinion of many who were ready to accept the first version that was given to them, and who felt it incumbent upon them to judge, with or without facts to go upon. Angel refused all invitations ; she could scarcely be persuaded to go out into the street. Lady Diana was most anxious to carry her away then and there to her own country house in Hampshire, of which mention has been made. But Angelico seemed to have a nervous horror of any change, any effort. One day, a long time before, a Mr. St. Len, o barrister and art critic had been speaking of some of Angelica's work to Mr. Reynolds. " It is graceful," the critic had said, "but over- strained and affected, Everything is too couleur rfc roseate-rose for my plain common sense. I know the old father ; a friend of his M. Zucchi, an Italian, gave him a letter to me. The fair Angelico I have not seen ; but her work does not attract me." " Von have scarcely entered into her inten- tion," Mr. Reynolds had said, gravely. " To her charming nature the whole world is a golden of happiness. She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life to us older people it is, perhaps, the only real sorrow does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for her pictures if she had lost confidence, but for herself it would not be so well," said the painter. One day, after Poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. "How is your friend Miss Kauffman," the critic asked quite kindly. "Poor lady I I fear her experience has been bitter enough to take the roses out of her garland for a long time to come. I am expecting j a visit from her and her father at my chambers," ] he continued ; " they are coming this afternoon, on business connected with the house they live in." Mr. St. Louis staircase led from under the covered way that crosses from Inner Temple lane. The staircase abuts upon a quaint old wig-shop, that cannot be much altered since the days when Angelica looked in through the narrow panes at the blocks and tho'hoisc-linir perched upon tion shining cranes. "1 will wait for you here, father," and she, " it is out of the wind, I do not care to go up." The nervous tenor of meeting strangers was still upon her. She smiled to her father, and went and stood in the one sheltered corner' of this windy place, wailing by the wig-shop, and leaning against the brick wall. 'The colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with many lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue bugs issuing from old doorways ; red and brown and grey are the tints ; quaint and slight the niches and peristyle, to some minds as plain and graceful in their mists and wreathing fogs as any Haunting marble or triumphant Pompeian vista. For a long time Angel watched the passers by listened to the sound of the footsteps. It was a bitter day for all its Spring promise ; a fog hung over the streets, the wind came dry and dusty, piercing through the dump mist. Angelica waited, indifferent to it all; the weather made little difference to her" in her strange depression. Would anything over touch her again ? silo wondered, it seemed to her as if even trouble could not come near her any more, it is true that interest itself fails at times, and that life is thou very restless and as to the last ; but even this is a port of its experience, if honestly accepted, and not less honest, a question of life than its contrary emotion. Augol waited, listlessly watching two children discovering and climbing the steps of a proud brown house with all arched doorway. She felt forlorn and out of place ; other people were living their daily lives, and working to some end. She find none, nothing to wish. Then she began to cry, fooling the utter hopelessness of it all. She could see no way out of it; no possible issue. She had never taken into consideration that tide which flows and ebbs, that attention waking and sleeping which belong to all living emotion. If our hearts did not boat with alternate pulses they would not be alive. The children were gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away, (I don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old and worn a hundred years ago as. they do now. If so, An- gelica, with all her troubles, must have secured a pleasant contrast to the grim and foggy figures that were wandering about this Temple. Court.) One big old man, dressed in loose untidy clothes, went slowly past, blinking at her from beneath a small scratch wig that scarce covered his big head ; he rolled as he walked along, portly, unsightly. There was a certain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for all his shabby clothes and uncouth gestures. Angelica recognised the face and strange actions, for she had seen Mr. Johnson one evening at the play I that evening when Garrick acted Hamlet. Sim shrunk away from his steady gaze. He passed on, and went up the staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke colored figures went by with the minutes. Then by degrees the place became quite silent and deserted, except for certain ghosts of her own fancy, and drifts of smoke and soul, and an odd jumble of recollections. The wind blew in dusty gusts, and Angel sighed, from present chill depression as much as from any other course. Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly ; a sort of unreasonable ru Iroupcctive sense of shame and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands for mi instant. In that instant a heavy stop came down the narrow staircase, fell on the stones, came to her side, arid stopped. " Yes, father. I" she said, without looking up. " Your father is above with Mr. St. Lou," said a voice. It was not John Joseph's vibrating tenor, but a deep and measured tone she did not know and then Angelica raised her eyes, and met the full and steady look of two cleared heavy orbs, from which, nevertheless, a whole flooding light of sympathy and kindness seemed to How. The ugly seamed face was tender with its great looks of pity. " You are Miss Kauffmann," said the man, in this voice, with a Burt of ache. "I told your father I would stay with you, my dear, until he had finished his business. I have wished to make your acquaintance," he continued, after a moment's pause. " I know to what straits we poor human creatures can be brought, and I confess that the recital of your story has moved me greatly." There he stood still looking at her, and she timidly glanced at the lazy, well-known figure, at the heavy face with the indomitable fire of light in it, the lamp burning through the bushel and darting its light into one heart and another. His looks no less than his words carried that conviction which is the special gift of some people. AiigoUca, who had of late so shrunk from strangers, felt as if this was a friend to whom she could complain; to whom it was possible to speak. "What do you mean hIre cried, impetu- ously (her tongue seemed suddenly unloosed). " Who do you take me for Do you know my story 1 It is only foolery and disgrace People look at money, as you do, with kindness and I see their scorn ; I feel their importunate curiosity, and know not how to escape from it all, from myself, my miserable life-" "Hush, my dear j hush I" said this stranger. "There is no wisdom in useless and hopeless sorrow ; although, somehow, it is so like virtue that he who is wholly without it cannot be loved by me at least. To be ill thought of in another person's and is in itself no wrong- doing, although it may signify Borne discomfort to yourself. But believe me, my dear young lady," said the wise old man, the world is not so scornful as you imagine ; so unjust as it is peevishly represented. For my own part," he went on, " I love and respect you, disgraced, as you call it whereas before, there was a time when my sympathy was less. You have done no wrong ; you have injured yourself, but no other person, in some ways disappointment is as good as success, for it does not prevent the sincerity of your good intentions, not alter the truth of your feelings. To be mistaken is no crime. Many things turn out differently from our wishes. Can you follow me, my dear? Nay, you must not cry ; you must not lose courage. A lifetime u still before you, and much hope for the future." He took her languid hand, and held it between his big palais. He comforted her strangely, though she scarcely owned it to herself, or know how this strange help reached her. " Hope!" cried poor Angel. " What hope can there be for me I know not how to escape my thoughts. I know not whom to trust, whom to love, what to do." " Love your enemies ; do good to them that ill use you," said the old man, solemnly. " Fol- low your own sense of right. Fear not to love, my dear. Fear hate and mistrustful feelings. Fear the idleness of grief; accept the merciful dispensation of Providence, which, by the necessity of present attention, diverts us from being lacerated by the past. It is a most mortifying reflection for any of us to consider what we have done in comparison with what we might have done. It still remains for you to contemplate the future without undue confidence, but without unnecessary alarm, and with humble trust in your own efforts for right doing to determine upon the best, the most reasonable course for a Christian to pursue, and to follow that course with courage and humanity." Some people have a gift of magnetism, of personal influence, which is quite indescribable, which belongs partly to the interest they take in the concerns of others, partly to some natural simplicity and elevation of soul. Johnson's personality and great-hearted instinct reaches us still across the century that divides us from its convincing strength. What must Hint fonder, dogmatic, loving help have been to poor little Angelica in her perplexity, as she found herself face to face with this human being, so devout and wise and tender in his sympathy. Mr. Reynolds could pity and befriend, but he could not enter into the depths of feelings and difficulties that he had himself never experienced. Now at last she seemed to have found an ark, a standing place in her sea of trouble. She looked up into the heavy face. She seemed to breathe more fully the load upon her heart was suddenly lightened, and with a burst of tears she stooped and kissed the great brown hand. " Oh I" she said, " you have spoken words that I shall never forget. Heaven sent you to me, Now I feel as if I could face my life alone." The poor little thing's nerves had been over- wrought, overstrung all this long time, it seemed to her now as if this man had taken her hand, and led her calmly to the encounter of terrors and alarms which she had not dated to face alone, and which vanished as she met them. When John Joseph came down after his long conference with Mr. St. Lou he found Angelica brightened, smiling through tears. His old Angel was come back, with a softened light in her eyes and n sweetened tone in her voice. " Kaliwi', how long you have been I" she said. "Not too long, not one moment too long If you could know what this half hour has done for me I" It had done linseed had restored her self respect, her confidence in others. John Joseph rubbed his hands, seeing her look of life renewed. The slight figure drifted less languid, more erect. There was hope in her Stops. They passed out into the busy street, under Temple Bar, into the noisy haunts of men. Angel's friend rolled oil' on his ungainly way. He was grateful and cheered himself, for to bless is in itself the blessing of some generous hearts, toast ix)XTI.noi:i).] 