THE LATE SIR ARTHUR HELPS. A short time ago the telegraph brought us news of the death of Sir Arthur Helps, K.C.B —a man whose name has been a household word for the last quarter of a century, and whose writings have,had a wider influence than many are perhaps aware of in forming the minds and directing the thoughts of the present generation. Not that he was a singularly incisive nor in any other way a powerful writer. His words are less frequently quoted than those of many of his contemporaries, who in some respects were his inferiors; but his thoughts have spread rapidly through the world, and produced much fruit. He had not the wit of Sydney Smith, nor the logic of Mill, nor the eloquence of Macaulay; yet he seems to have left his mark upon the age quite as distinctly as any of these men. The first essay in one of Ins earliest books, "Friends in Council," is on " Truth," and the second is on "Conformity," in which he includes custom, fashion, and all that they involve; and in these two essays may be seen the desires which seem to have be come the aim of his life. He has laboured indefatigably and unceasingly to clear away the obstacles and overgrowth which obscure and conceal truth. He has attacked many of our most deep-seated -pre judices; and he has earnestly striven to free English thought from those restraints imposed by habit, by custom, and by circum stances, which at one time made our country men the laughing-stock cif foreigners, and effectually insulated our people from the sympathy of the[otker nations of Europe. For this task he was singularly well fitted by nature and education. Gifted with an active and original mind he seemed to take nothing for granted. Every opinion he advocated was carefully weighed, looked at in different lights, isolated from all artificial or accidental supports, and thus made to stand clearly forth upon its own merits. All the various objec tions which could be urged against it he put into the mouths of the friends who form the pleasant council of three, after wards increased in number, wliich gave the same to ose of his pleasantest books. Thns he presented the eame idea from three different points of view, or rather as seen through three different media—the shrewd practical Ellesmere, the poetical Milverton, and the plain matter-of-fact warm-hearted Dnnsford. In the conversation upon the essay on "Fiction" is the following fable, told by Milverton, which we quote, not so much as a specimen of the author as to show what appears to us the special tendency of bin mind:— "There was a gathering together of creatures hurtful aud terrible to man to name their king. Blight, mildew, darkness, mighty waves, fierce winds, will- Vthe-wisps, and shadows of grim objects told fearfully their doings and preferred their claims, none prevailing. But when evening came on a thin mist curled itself up derisively amidst the assemblage, and said, ' 1 gather round a man going to his own home over paths made by his daily footsteps; and he becomes at once helpless and tame as a child. The lights, meant to assise him, then betray. You find him wan dering, or need the aid of other terron to subdue him. 1 am alone confusion to him.' And all the assemblage bowed before the mist and made it king, and set it on the brow of many a moun tain, where, when it is not doing evil, it may be seen to this day." It is this "thin mist" which Helps set himself to dissipate, and no one can read one of his books withont feeling his mind cleared by the pro cess. The fable just cited shows in a remarkable way both the strength and the weakness of the writer, his power of seizing npon a great truth and idealizing it, and the want of imagination, or perhaps of artistic skill, which, by a redundancy of irrelevant detail, tends to destroy the very image he has jnst created. This is possibly tbe cause of the uncertain hold which some of his finest thoughts seem to have upon the mind. "Blight, darkness, mighty waves, and fierce winds" are appreciable terrors, but by personifying " mildew" and " tbe shadows of grim objects," the author only weakens the passage. Again, although the " thin mist ably vindicates his claim to sovereignty, and all the other terrors rightly bow before him, when they proceed to set him " on the brow of many a moun tain," we are disposed to fear that between 80 many uncomfortable seats he will surely fall to the ground, or else his king ship at once evaporates. Helps had an imagination capable of soaring to a great height, but it had not that sustained power which is necessary for sublimity. It is like' tbe rise of tbe lark rather than tbe majestic course of the eagle. He seems to have dis covered this himself. In his later works there is no attempt at lofty flights; the style flows on easily and pleasantly. It is always earnest, but often makes many a winding turn round and about the point before reach ing it. At the same time it is enlivened by quaint sparkles of humour, that rise like the bubbles in a clear Btream—flash for a moment and are gone. Even, the " Thoughts upon Government," a book in which he con centrates the wisdom acquired by being so long a looker-on at State conclaves—first in the position of .Private Secretary to a Cabinet Minister, and afterwards as Clerk of the Privy Council, is written so simply and modestly—we might almost say so playfully —that the reader is apt to undervalue it. When Partridge, in .Fielding's novel, went to see Garrick's Hamlet, he could not per ceive anything to admire in it. "Why, man," he said to his friend, "1 could act as well as he myself. I am sure if I had seen a ghost I should have looked in the very same manner and done just as he did. . . . The king for my money ! He speaks his words distinctly, and half as loud again as the other." Helps conceals his art by its perfection juBt as Grarnck did. There is no bombast about him, and in this work especially he so care fully prepares the way for all his argu ments and suggestions that we feel as if they had arisen in our own minds, aud as if he were merely giving words to our thoughts. He has always urged the necessity for culti vating the art of expression. He says, " It is an art in which an observant man may go on improving to the end of his life," and he has certainly done this himself. If we compare the manner of his earlier and later works, this is very striking, while if we compare the matter we do not recognise the same improvement. In "Friends in Council," "Companions of my Solitude," and " Organization in Daily Life," there is a freshness and originality in the ideas which we sometimes miss in his later writings. We must confess to finding "Bealmah" rather dull, and " Casimir Maremma" very improbable; and we own to getting a little tired of Ellesmere and bis companions. Helps's earlier works seem to contain, or at least to promise all the best thoughts of his later ones, and it is interesting to observe their growth. For example, in the conversation upon the essay on "Conformity' in "Friends in Conned" Ellesmere says: "Why do people unreasonably conform? Because they fear unreasonable interference. War, I sav, is interference on a small scale compared with the interference of private life." In "Companions of my Solitude" he imagines the possibility of "moving for returns" of the amount of suffering produced by various causes, and sayB of these conformities:— "Tested by these perfect returns . . . perhaps our everyday shaving, severe shirt collars and other ridiculous garments are equivalent to a great European war once iu seven years, and we should find that women's stays <fld about as much harm, i.e., oaused as much suffering as an occasional pestilence say, for instance, the cholera. ... perhaps that the love, said to be inherent in the softer sex, of having the last word, causes as much mischief as all the tornadoes of the tropics; or that the vexations inflicted by servants on their masters _ by assuring them mat such and such duties did not belong to their place is equivalent to all the sufferings that have been caused by mad dogs since the world began." This is a curiouB instance of the growth and spreading out of an idea; but Helps's ideas are full of life. They have grown not in his own mind only, but in other minds; and if we could trace back many of the improvements of modern times to their sources these would probably be fouud in one of his unpretending little books. At all events we have got rid of the "shaving" and "se^pre shirt collars." "Women's stays" are not so easily disposed of, yet we venture to say they are doomed. As to the "last word," women must be angels before they will give up that. Is it not the privilege of the sex? They will sacrifice wealth, life, honour, for the man they love, but tbe last woid! Ask any thing but that! Helps was essentially a practical man. In his last book, "Social Pressure," as well as in " Thoughts upon Government," he takes the British Constitution as it is, with all its minutiae, and points out little sources of evil, and how they may be got rid of. He was, as he himself has said, not a Reformer, but an Improver. His was the very anti thesis of the French intellect. He projects no grand schemes for the reconstruc tion of society, but offers valuable suggestions for making the best of things as they are, and so utilizing instead of destroying the work of our ancestors. Such, for example, are his pro posals to establish permanent Parliamentary Committees to deal with the special subjects of which they know most; and his plan for making the care of public health—which Franklin happily said is also public wealth— a special department, independent of local Boards and local parsimony, with a perma nent Minister at its head. There could hardly be a greater contrast in their modes of dealing with the same subject than is afforded by Helps and Mill. There is as much difference in their books on Government as between a treatise on geography and a manual of navigation. Mill goes into principles, Helps into practice, i Again, there is a similar difference between his writings on.social questions and those rof Carlyle; not that we would for a ] moment think of claiming for onr author i the depth of Carlyle. The one writer sounds the abyss of human injustice, the other deals only with our everyday actions. With all Carlyle's far-seeing wisdom he is a revolu tionist in all his tendencies. He shows up the hollowness and shams of society, and we rise from hiB books with a feeling of hopeless ' despair. Helps, on the contrary, fills us with hope. He bids us prat this straight, set that right, finds a safe path over the hollow places, and beckons as to follow. And could there he a " return" of the good effected by the two writers, we doubt whether we should not find the practical work of the more cheerful author outweigh that of his great contemporary. His fight and playful wisdom reaches more minds. It is much to make virtue seem possible and wisdom agreeable. Carlyle provides strong meats, andfiings them harshly to us. Helps has not so much to give, but it is flavoured so agreeably and served so pleasantly that we enjoy and make the most of every morsel. Perhaps without Carlyle we should never have had Helps. His viewB of fife show the silver lining of the heavy clouds which lour in the pictures of the former, while his wisdom is always prac tical, though often quaintly pnt. We quote a few of his brief but pregnant sayings, although they lose wofully by removal from their settings:— " Knowledge is gained by toil, and truth, and love, and self-restraint." "The true strategy in attacking any vice is by putting in a virtue to counteract it; in attacking any eru thought by putting in a good thought to meet it." " If jou would be loved as a companion, avoid unnecessary criticism on those with whom you live. .... It would be hard for a man to live with another who was always criticising his actions, even if it were kindly and just criticism. It would be like living between the glasses of a microscope.'*'' "No man is securely loved except by those who know his foibles." "The philosophers of each age are equally foolish; the common people gradually increase in wisdom." " How exaotly proportioned to a man's igno rance of the subject is the noise he makes about it at a public meeting. " There is a secret belief amongst some men that God is displeased with man's happiness, and in consequence they slink about creation ashamed and afraid to enjoy anything." "Those who depend wholly on companionship are the worst companions," Helps has written histories, and written them well. His fondness for "the odds and ends of knowledge" comes in pleasantly, but hiB enthusiasm for details appears to us to lessen his power as an historian. He is best as an essayist, and as an essayist upon social problems. There is scarcely one that he has not touched. He urged the higher edu cation of women when it was little thought of. He gave prominence to the planting of parks for the people, and his chapter upon what he was the first to call "the great sin of great cities" is one of the most powerful and suggestive that has ever been written upon that painful subject. The book in which this occurs—" Companions of My Solitude"—Is of all his works our greatest favourite, although possibly surpassed in usefulness by " Organization in Daily Life," and in vigour by his last production, " Social Pressure." To revert in conclusion to a previous contrast we might say that while Carlyle has been the prophet of the age, warning it of unsuspected dangers, and pro claiming the existence of countless rocks and shoals in the broad ocean of life, Helps is the busy pilot who comes to oar aid in the narrow seas, and who, although he cannot fathom the outer depths, will guide us safely into port if we only trust to his counsels. 