THE MONK THAT SHOOK THE WORLD. (To the' J3ditbr of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir, — Till lately 'I had been accustomed to re gard the Protestant Reformers as men of an apostolic grandeur of character, as not merely of spotless reputation, but superior to the petty passions which sway the bulk of mankind. Witnessing, however, the disingenuousness of the Protestant press of these colonies — eagerly circulating calumnies against the Catholic Church, and not retracting those calumnies when proved such, I have been led to probe matters more deeply than hitherto, and a3 the result, have arrived at the conviction, that if these men were the Moses and Aaron wh^ brought us Protestants out of the 'land of E*»ypt and the house of bondage,' the sooner such idols are smashed the better, 'The Monk that shook the world ;' such was the title of a lecture delivered by a rev Mr. Porteus in. Ipswich. I do not quarrel with the title, be cause Luther was powerful to destroy, and the work of demolition was necessarily attended with commotion. He was not, however, equally competent to build up— that Lutheran church which he founded, no longer retaining a single dogma distinctively Lutheran. A similar re flection might be made on the continental Calvin istic communions. Both have gone on rational iz:ng and explaining away, till at length they retain little of Christianity but the name, and have sunk into the philosophic calmness of in differentism. Ifc is not, however, with the Lutheran Church, but the man Luther, I have now to deal. ? , Whileadmitttiog that he was not absolutely a malefactor (few men are), ] yet contend that be is. by no means entitled to that high place accorded him by Protestant historians, and Pro testants generally, for he was at once super stitious, coarse, presumptuous, unprincipled, in tolerant, blasphemous, and heretical. As regards the supersifcioue element in his character, who has not heard of his alleged in terviews with the Devil, in the reality of whict he himself firmly believed? It was at the Wurhe bjirg, while engaged in the translation of the New Testament, t*-at he was frequently, as he thought, visited by Satan in the shape of a blue bottle fly. The concealed devil kept buzzing about his pen, when the Reformer, who (as an intelligent traveller observes) knew Satan under all his disguises, rebuked him sternly, and at length losing all patience started up, and ex claiming, ' WiUt dudann niclit rubigbleibcn,' hurled his huge ink bottle at the Prince of Dark ness. It appears, however, that Satan was not satisfied with confronting, the Reformer in the humble guise of a blue bottle fly, but that on sftvfirn,l occasions he armeared in his nroner per. 3on, and once even held a formal disputation with the great theologian. I translate from the Latin Luther's account of the infernal colloquy. ? ' I happened once to awake suddenly in the dead of, night, when S »tan began with me a dis~ oussion of this nature: * Very learned Doctor Luther,'§ says he, .'attend ; you know that you have celebrated private masses for near fifteen years. What if such matters are horrible idola tries?' To whom. I replied, 'I am an anointed priest. All these things I have done by the command of, and in obedience to superiors ; fchat vou know.' ' That, says he, is all true ;' yet the Turks and the Gentiles do all things in their temples from a principle of obedience.' In these straits, in this struggle with the Devil, I wanted to crush the enemy with the arms to which I 'was accustomed under the Papacy.' But Satan on the other hand pressing more vigorously and vehemently, says, ' Coine, pro duce a passage to show that an impious man can consecrate.' Such was about the sum of the disputation.' The ' immortal' Chilling worth infers from this precious disputation, that Satan's object in arguing against the mass was to induoe his antagonist to persevere in saying it, he accepting it as a reali'y, and not the crea tion of a supersitious imagination, stimulated possibly by deep potations of beer. It is well to note, however, that the Reformer makes Satan describe him as ' an impious man,' without auy protest to the contrary. If |C his I heart condemned him not, ' and he had in consequence ' confidence toward God,' it seems atrange that he should thus, by his silence, have acquiesced in the soft impeachment. Reverting to the consideration o£ the true nature ot Luther?a fancied interviews with i he Devil, we find that in the middle ages I C!nf.«ii .wrah rnrm+.PiA tn linvfi Anrfifirfifl to several individuals. The true explanation of the phenomenon appears to be, thac delirium tremens, one effect of beery or other potations, produced phantoms of imagination which tho sufferers mistook for veritable demons. Now, when we recollect that Luther was a great beer-drinker, that he had a two-pint vessel which he called his ' catechisfcical cup,' and wbich he boasted he could drain at a draught, is there anything either impossible or improbable in the supposi tion, that when he had the alleged interviews with the Devil he was in a fit of delirium tremens, or at Iea9t that the fume of beer had so got into his brain that he completely, lost his head ? So notorious were his jovial habits, that they are recognized in some of the more popular drinking songs of Germany. The burthen of one of them is as follows : — ..' Come let us drink, and let us sing, : What Martin Luther said. Who loves not women, wine, and song, .. To life's prime joys is dead. That inau remains a fool for aye, . But no such fools are we. But it was not merely in these fancied inter views with the Devil that Luther evidenced his superstition. He imputed also to his familiar the severe illness which brought him to death's door in 1532. In like manner, some remarkable meteoric phenomena, whioh occurred the fol lowing year, were attributed by him to Satanic agenoy, as Seccenderg, ma aoie, apologise, in forms us The same historian has preserved a letter from him to a servant maid, who was supposed to be possessed of a dem--n, and nothing can be more pilly or old-womanish than that production. Under any circumstances, whether we suppose his diabolical conferences the mere workings of a disordered imagination or the result of a fit of delirium, b'emens, or of simple intoxication, it seems impossible to acquit the. ' Great Reformer' of besotted super stition. As regards Luther's innate coarseness, it is but too apparent. One of his admirers ad mits that 'the indiscriminate licence of personal abuse in which he indulged 'gave a vigour to his public displays in the eyes of the vulgar, which made all else appear feeble in comparison, and against which no man who was at all restrained by decorum could hope to contend with any success.' His natural temperament as regards the other sex he thus coarsely de scribes : Ut non est in oncis viribus situm, ut vir non sim, tarn non est meis uris, ut absqv^e muliere sim, which for decorum's sake may be para phrased thus : ' As I am not endowed with con tinence, I must have a wife.' The circum stances, too, attending his marriage witn tne run-away nun, Catherine de Bore, attest a coarseness not merely on the part of Luther, but of all concerned, which perfectly scandalized the then Protestant world. From the MSS left by Luther's friend, Ani3dorf, it appears that Miss Catherine had, in a conversation with Amsdorf, complained that Luther proposed to marry her against her will to Doctor Glacius. She theres fore begged of Amsdorf, knowing on what terms he lived with Luther, to try arid persuade him to choose some other husband for her, adding that she was ready, at a minute's notice, to marry either Amsdorf or Luther himself, but on no account Doctor Glacius. The whole plan does much credit to Miss Catherine's ingenuity, for she knew right well that Luther greatly admired her. From the notoriety of his fond ness rumours naa. arisen uuu wouiunuic »u '''-' of the parties. To 'these rumours he himself alludes in one of his letters. Os obstiupi (he says) infamentihus me cum Cathcrina Bar ana ; -and Seckendorf, his warm advocate, states, without any reserve, that 'he longed for the girl, and used to call her his Catherine'— Optime enim cupiebat virgini, et suarn vocare Gathennam solebat . The Reformer, acting on the hint thrown out bv the young lady, resolved to strike while the iron was hot, and as though the vows pledged to keep them asunder, only attached them to one another more forcibly, Miss Catherine de Bore became almost on the instant Madame Luther. If, however, Luther and the other Protestant ?eformers never hesitated to contract matri nony despite their vowa of celibacy, it must be admitted that they were even still more indul gent to the matrimonial propensities of others ; for while themselves content with one wife ata bime, they allowed the landgrave of Hesse, in consideration of his great services to Protess bantism, the right somewhat less customary among Christians of having two wives at a time. The memorial addressed by this prince to the reformers assured them that a second wife was quite necessary to his conscience, and that he would thereby be enabled ' to live and die more gaily in 'the cause of the Gospel,' The dispensation was granted in consequence, ana duly signed by Luther, Melancthon and Bucer. The Po°pe would not infringe the divine law to conciliate one of the most powerful monarchs of the day, but this triumvirate of reformers had no such scruples, and readily conceded the licence claimed by a petty German prince. The particular of this moat disgraceful transaction which, from the secrecy with which it was managed, remained for a long period unknown, were at length, by the publication of the curious documents connected with it (by the Elector Palatine Charles Lewis) revealed to the world. The presumption and unscrupulousness of this meek follower of Christ are so blended that they cannot well be considered separately governed by passions ever prompt to suggest what was dar'in' ; he also had a perseverance proof against all scruples in execution. Holdiug the dootrino of justification by fai^h only, without works, in order to lend this doctrine additional suppor , he had the audacity to interpolate uie wuru ' alone,' to n vers8 of St. Paul to the Romans (iii. 2S)! thus making the Apostle to assert that ' Man is justified by faith alone.' How unfit was such a man to be a teacher of either morals or religion, He was detected too by Staphylus, Bmser, and others in still further frauds on the New Testament, and for the same purpose. Thus in the 6th verse of Paul's Epi&tle; to Phile* nion, he omit'.ed the word ' work,' after the epithet 'good,' though this word was as these critios assert, in the famous compiler's own edition, as well as in the old Latin editions of .Robert Stephen. He used to boast that he was a second Pope, and in truth he was ricrat t his followers only exchanged the infallibility of bulls and councils for the upstart pretension* to the same authority assumed by confessions and other symbolic formularies. He reiecrerl James's epistle as spurious, oallingit a 'chaffv' production unworthy of an apostle— the secret of his special animosity to this epistle being Ho opposition to his favourite doctrine of juatifica tion by faith without works. In the same' manner he attacked Ecclesiastes and other book3 of Scriptures because they happened not ' to square with his views'. Such ebullitions mav be explained, but cannot be palliated as post prandial effusions of his humour. Perhaps he was pot reliant, had drained his ' catechistieal cup' at one draught, when he dared thus to impugn the sacred Scripture. With a pre posterous assumption, too, of infallibility, he de nounced the slightest deviation from that line of opinion which he had dictated as a trans gression, not only against himself, but against God. The defeat of the Zwinglians at Coppd and the death of their castor he nrnnnnn«o,i „ judgment on them for differing from his version of , the Eucharist. In the same spirit he refused to admit into the confederacy of Imalcaid the Zwinglians and those German states and cities which had adopted the opinions and confessions of Bucer. It was thus he interpreted the right of private judgment^ which, in practice, meant with him, hi3 own private judgment, but; no other. To cap the climax of his presumptions, though himself but a priest, he made his friend Amsdorf a bishop. His manner of dealing with the doctrine of ' the .Real Presence (which he endeavoured to reason himself out of, but could not) is charac teristic of the man. Defending that doctrine by the same line of argument as do Catholics, by the concurrent testimony of the Primitive Church during the first four centuries, and by tha literal words of the institution, he yet was not content to lsave it as he found it, but muat improve upon it. Accordingly, by the substitu tion of the small word e'con,' be thought to give new form and life to what the Christian world had hitherto accepted as transubstantiation. As respects his intolerance, though he was the first to .broach the doctrine of the right of pri vate judgment, yet his own practice, his notions of tolerance, his temper of controversy, tho whole tendency of his creed and conduct, lay in the| very opposite direction. His sentiments, toward the Jews were truly awful; He was of' opinion ' that their synagogues should be razed, their houses also torn down, that their books of prayer and Talmuds should be taken from them ; nay, even the very sacred copies of the Old Testament, because they make a bad use of them, and that their Rabins should be set to hard labour.' Such was the tolerance of this champion of private .judgment. Even Seckerw dorf, while recording this of Luther, feels coii strained to say, 'These are bitter sentiments and have not found approval.' To Christians outside the pale of LtUheranism, he was not much more charitably disposed thau to the Jews. His coarse and bitter enmity to Carlostad and Zwingli, for no other reason but because they followed their own views in preference to his, Bhowed how widely different was his theory of toleration from his practice. Speaking of the Zwinglians, ' they are,' said he ' men damned themselves, and drawing others into hell ; nor can the churches have any 'further communion with them, or allow of their blasphemies.' ? That he was both blasphemous and heretical will, I think, be admitted by the common con sent of both Protestants and Catholics; unless the former hold that in virtue of the right of private judgment, there is no such thing as either bias pbemy or heresy. In common witliLabadie, Calvin, and Bucer, Luther held that there, waa an oppo sition between the revealed and the secret will of the Almighty. Commenting on Gen. xxii., and on the conduct of God as there represented toward Abraham (which is given as an instance of- the alleged opposition), Luther writes:— ' Such a piece of falsehood is salutary to us. Happy indeed shall we be if we can learn tins art from God. He attempts and proposes the work of another that He may be able to ac complish His own. By our affliction lie seeks His own spirit and our salvation. Thus Wod said to Abraham, - Slay thy son.' How ? ra tantalizing, pretending, and mocking. (Ludenao simulando ridendo). He likewise oeoasionaliy feigns as though He would depart from us ami dffus. Yet with God this is only sport, and (were we permitted thus to speak) it is a false hood.' Yet another instance. Alluding to ins doctrine of justification by faith alone, he says: — ' This article shall remain in spite of all tne world : ib is I, Martin Luther Evangelist, wj says it ; let no one therefore attempt to ™rj»g it, neither the Emperor of the Romans, norot tne Turks, nor of the Tartars; neither the Pope, nor the Monks, nor the Nuns, nor the Kings, , nor Princes, nor all the devils in tell. If JJfX attempt it, may the infernal flames be tneir recompense. What 1 say here is to be taken lor an inspiration of the Holy Ghost. In charity we must suppose that the , m« i«« either drunk or mad when he gave utterance w such blasphemies; and yet it is tins s pe stitious, coarse, presumptuous, uns erupuW8B being who is regarded as a second Apostle-all but deified by self-informed Protestants . Oharty and tolerance were alike unpractised by v™- and saving his indomitable courage, and1' fact that he was the first to assert th« righ o private judgment there is nothing to recommend him even to Protestant esteem. Faithfully yours, AN IRISH PROTESTANT. Gympie, 1st June, 1S75.' Miners search for gold in vain, .but often get quartz of it. . r-a+i,nlic aB an M10 1 The re is nothing so rigidly Catholic brolla , it keeps lent the year round q{ Spicer says a fireplace always b lei™ Shakspcare, because i.t js a grate Jjaueu. 