.- our London iraiwsiETriiB. ^ Sr^iMM^:#«icM ! t It -, .r- : . r . .-,.- %I^ndm. J^AawJ Sflnfomhfir 3. 1875. ?- ; c .-3 The; profound jqtaiet of the Tecess has ibeen vhto^ iy^the fcliidowy apebtre of the never r:t^^^.^S^iK?^iwteMii?':'tn»^ every one h$st ^$^$gftUi|( «o| ro^fo^;ie^l^ttting,vAnd . ^ra^^P-iw^liigi the ^yejmmejit employs in -5 tbs&reiga;^department la Berlin, Vienna, end, =iri-OTiaM»a. -fathfep Mtiea. have bisen ordered to 'y feeg thSfr_pbat^yMid to iemain'on auty?b'e- ii efiffiS? -f^? ^pbor '^own- trodden Inhabitants of « j-fte- barren; mountains of .Herzegovina! have: :?'..'? taken upon themflelTOs to TadBe the standard of J Wolt against their lord 'sn&nujtsr; the Sultan I',. .^fjTuriigy ; wad a district bordering apbn'the .,'.' '^drla6p;gea, the /exact Jooality of . which was, V , {terliaps, i&knbwn; i» nine out of ten educated . : is 4aen,-1iftB iatl at eiice beccine famous. Ttere, iir ^' Where there is not a town so large as Bath, or, ? vi- perhaps; Bedford, a flame hAB. besn 3dndied ^ ^wMoh may expire for want of fuel; but may r :'-k6o Suttt:inW a':wnfla^^pi iw'McKSili wrap' X-f-'IiL; ; iflamias, jfche ^ Mo^^d^/jol∾^^ '^Sw^x^ f-7'.-.Bi was Sfrthe thinning »f last month that the ' *ayahs of j the Herzegovina rose «gainst their lated masters. The /revolt* was civil rather. than poUticaL /The Christian ocoupiet of the '? soil in Turkey is little better than a serf. ; Herp ig an illnitration :-r-If the Christian rayah bad , '^^jQly^-jpiy wfcaVis -&£ to tie Government, ; '; 'bo wever^aVy .those demands may be, he would !^. Ji6tbayp.xn|he-l into rebellion. Long- suffering . „' -liiis left 3flii rather thin-skinned in that respect. .. Bui he has been^ frequently compelled to pay' 'one and the sime' tax three time over, for one ana .the same piece of taxable property— first to ' . -1 ^tiffi '^jMSri;*1 -jus., the Treasury ; then to'Apf ' -;:' * a&ninistrator.who; lias generally been hah3 in ; ' gib^e^th itius -w..'&aV;' Je»Sb§-~.'£lura)y ' *tffi; . ' ''„ Bert of 'middleman w^o *^1Lii ^^*l j^^ra and cannot be shaken dn°. Howeveri rthere^he 1 Injustice does not end. According to the^-ules. : ol the Koran the rreaeury olaitnB the head pro ' ''?'? \;3&rle1;»rBh.ip ©ye'r^ aU /territory ; the VSjaMLum,' '$&'. jf^fc* theSult^ is thelrrefiponslbjefidminisjaa.. .^V^!Mrpvbiee was added to bis dbmlnionr, it was ? ^'^J^jjmded, into three^porfcions— --nefor the State, .^S^ndther as ecclesiastical property for the '1? Mpshees, and the third was given to subjects.; \' - .. ThiflJatter portton eitlier^ came into possession .... i: ^ Mabometans,- br Was given to .the Christian' / isiyab^: .Thfe^rmerfed '.to pay a tithe to /the ' ~ ' „ iState3 the latter 'a much larger amount to the ?'^.'?r.,**™® insatiable' xeeraiver. : By far the 'larger. .???^^amber of Rayahs bold a piece of ground en ; 'mere sufferance from the Mahometan' land-. '' ' ? oSnier, ^VwhoniJhe.ia8/yery.:uneTenIy :io; T '? -Hvi5e Siejslehder profits left after paying his -' - taxes. The insurrebtibhbe^an with the montt . «f August It tfas not a very perilous move ;'?''; ment. . 'T^n^biou^the^proraioe' there wire ': 'few Turkish trpqps-^only here and there garri ' ' BdnSj^aiid a number of blocfehousea. Tuere seems 'to have been various encountere, bursiiiga^22idr3nBBSw-rB*vr -font nothing \ like military movements or engagements on, ,a. large' «cale.;- Op to' ' ^he 'present it ? has. been a guerilla— warfare. The insurgents ,. have put forth the following manifesto : — ' ' .... , - ''*', Those -who dp npj kno w by personal obsetyi tlon the barbaroufl character, of ^the Turkish i ,r: ,*ule, whprhfty^iiioti.beeniJwiteespBj^ of j -hes v .' .. aaffarings and toitoreB iiMotei on tteChtlsflan popubvtion, can form too Approximate idea_6f ' the rayah (peaaaat)— a dumb, cceatnre, inferior *o the brute, a species of humanity liornto eternal ' slaVery, ; created jf or his aooar-ed.Btate. .' - TblB:pet»ple is jonlvja branch. of the .great and '. jiiumeronB Solaye^JFamlly, bnt jit iB*he most ; misemble pf aft xThe SeDKlans jand ButearianB ^.?- lead a .hopeless exislenc^, whioh.toa^iBgrape :'i£-'- Tito.anefllfehleEfejiftge, while thtir brethren are. /:.;'' prosperous, and have attained, in part at least, 'f ii---*° ft brifih^ ^vilizatipn. ;tFiiil€B_8.iw'thi8 hug., t^^^eBJMij^ for even 4he populations that are? ^ c Allied by blood and ifaith, turn Aside fojm the -'. 7 iljanh^ppyiayab,; instead ,iof v,affordiiig iim la ^^TJiSpifariib^i^hand^, whileiKugsia lends hfrj :^^ ' ipp^r^^oiaerpajabnAlhatjiMe really foreign ^;:_ '%a her. One might ^suppose ^hat four «om -^?plainte^and ^mentationsj/did ,ftp_t ,a?6achi the -'^^yrere' feVpnat', - of the .miseries ; ;m . wkiph we vJf': fc^uuu, and that'lt. was pa this account 'l;;!;$hey rdjd ^ot^^wbeja^^he^il^f? JWithi §ur . ^affairs.,, j&sidyet; iow much has been sajd re ' ' ' ' garding ^-t, Volumes have been' written abbot ~ .' ' 'onr ^sfortunes, «ad,o«r heart's blood has been' ,_.' ' , flhed in tbrrente.Leftth.aB to his ownrespurcesi * , ^iieiayabhaB -determined . to T fight; for ; his \- liberfy, or tbdle to the last man. That is the . reason why we^theTindeMigiied leaden -{gtavdri) '-- pfthp ^mbatantj^ple a4dresB Jjhis appeal to aU our brethren, who, like ourselves, languish * ;. «nTiurklsh soil under an intolerable yoke,-*) , ' rj3se ^d. join their arms to^ ours, that w« may 'aoboinpliflhthe Sestiny that God and fortune^ * ,,j';3iave reserved for the brave.' Certeiolyj for ' OTery bne'of ns death itself would-be preferable . 'than to live as we bava been compelled to do * ..! - bltherto, We call upon &ma; and Jilonfi^egro' * 1 v*fl ' Bupport ^fi.. ,='iykaj*tiiey do^for }w -ihey jwill do for their ?oVto ^futare. ;We, beseech. ScltwecT .. everywhere to belpus to br^ag^abput the time' ; when it shaU Mbe «a4:ef each of us,X5jb ^^ ^ , once'a Turkish ray.A^ajid. is so j no longer/ , . Einslly, we soUcittheThi^Ptpf every \man,; :. : ^^ov^^iMo^Kpl^pqnpic^Tase, who . . ' &^^e'sUej-flib^^^an4^ye»^4sHce. : III ? . '.. -ie'Jiopel;ha.t we' xbau. 'not b§ withont -a: re '.].'. :. ^sponse, and that we xh≪ receive ; sofficient help : c ' . JErpm Tibnesfc men . thronghbut the world, I we '-.[' »waittheiB8Ueonthe bloody field of battle.1-^ :.;??. ' Herzegovina, 3L (19) July,, ms.-^ln ;the name of , the Committee for the. Liberation, ^of tbe Baj^ahs-— Sofrpnije Spremo, HegumenoB (Abbot) of the Monastery of Zavala ; J-jLordie , Badulovics, of M?»star i VnckoVoketicsiPioko iHurtovlcs, of the Mountans of Trebinje-; Michael .Gutlos; Tripcp Grubacici, ,of Neve-^ ?inje ' j MpjoTBrstina, of the.Disjfcrlcfc of Stplacz W; ~ :When aie iuBurrection became pronaunced it ~ excited a good deal of sympathy in Bosnia. , ? .wber^ however, the OhristiarB. and IMEahome \- ~ ' aanfi ate ?nore' equally divided; ' Themen have; J^, a large' extent Joined' the ins-urge'nt bandaj ' . and from Bosnia and the Herzegovina there kas ' ? been snoh an exodus «f noncombatants that ... V«pme ' 20,000, to a great, extent women and . oyidren, with cattle and 4»cka» have -gone abross the frontier into Paimatia andOroatia, obmmitting ibemielyes to the tender mercies of ; -.the Austriah officials, whe, however, in -these * '. partaare mostly Sdlavonl^ts. 'What a mass of ' anlse^y.and diaoomfort does this one fajBtjrepre * . -ent. The ?accounts from the insurgent side 'tell of TsrJ4shjyiJlage8.biirned or occupied, and . of 'Volimteer'auxiltaries arriving fromServia. -'-' Tfeosefrom Ihe Turkish side speak of mysterious . ? movements of %robp8,and of tbs gradoia.1 cpn ' = centra'tiofl of the Turldsh forces in the neigh borhobd «f the rebelfl. .Bat the telegrams are, \- 'i -as ioanal,' «on*»nrsiaictory.: One 'account, for in« ?tanop, Btates that the Insurrection in Bosnia ? ?? ' ismore seripuB -*hitn waa at font supposed; another, 1&at; «tb« malcontents have submitted . i»to the Pasha, «nd4toat ' Bosnia may ^looked -upon as pacified.' According to anWcount ^rpm .. Oonstan^npple jsU .the; blockhouflas on ~- jfche'ikontenegriii 'ft:ontier are In the' hands ? ' - ;;4»f '3 ' 'the insurgents,' , 'and 'two battalions' ,vof '? Turkish ; .troops' in- the south of the . ' - H^raegovina axe .. surrounded by insurgent ' ;'' fpKjes. ^ 'Oil 'the other band, reiriforcenjeiits ' hayeTeached the Turkish g6rri«pn of Trebinje ' - :;«^hbuV;meBttng';aiiy resistarice, and 'large ' ' bodies' bf troops were being r disembarked, to J act ^iimier1 the cbmmaad of Achmed Pasha. The main. jreyance_pf ihsinsurgenta is upon the co- operation ^of Servia, whicb Jbas aoonsi '- dei»bl§OTUt^!fbr^T^ere has been a change ': ; of GbvOTumenj; -t Balgrade, and what is called 'Vaia^njbi^fir Action' is In power ; but its ? aim isless'to fakemp the cause of its neighbors , tbantobrlDg«ibouttbe«ompleteindepe«deBce ? of Servia, while 'die people of that province wT«b to taate;^i^pn;«oaUBe. with the inBnr } gert| acroiw^hiiEronifler, ??-.:.',:.. ? .. ?; . 'Tie- hopes of a reasonable Arrangement \ ' . with; the Porte are considerably -dashed by \- the^coeesion to power at ^Obnsteniinop.le, i as ' 'Gra£a*'V)z!irv bt'nSShinoniJ Fasha, who Js !3* scribed as - 'a Turk *f J36b «ldr school, whom the »ye!w regard aM ft Ishampioa; of Absolute — Governments in the ? legnlar. Pasha style. And who, by bis, very presence ^tWk^^Met''mQBtcbe'expec^id tQ render tne. 'inSui-gents 'deBperate.*' . Is ' apjfewe; .However, wftt 'the '^ediaWry '* 0om'mlBBipn, TrepreBentijig re'B^pbotiyely the HQbvernments of Austria, ^usmajl '^eau^« ?r»BC^ and: Italy, is about, itbmoBt^i^PaBbA,^e'repreient»tiyje of 'the! Porte, at MeBtar, before oDmmtiaibatlQg with; ffie Insurgents. ''Oiir febvernment hold aloof, for^&e; prWent at leastj from this ^entangliiig' mediatlpri;' which does n6t promise -any definite result; .The Austrian scheme :pf thorough ad mfels^tiverefbrms^^ediflaffeo^prb would be of, jap avail unless gMranteedbjytihfe;; great Powera, while the independence :ofJBoBtiia. and Herzegbvliia, adyocited by Russia, w6uld not only disturb the Solayoiiia pbpulatibn of auBtria, but 'enoourage. tne jtosurgents w oes t can pniy(-pu^ together a few of the latest: ]and 'most rolikbl&items; of news, andleaye them -tq make $heir own Impression. . -The raising of theilege«f iyebinje,ia a significant eyenfy that town,; beinr defended- by dilapidated walls, which havfti however, resisted all .the efforts of the, beBiegers, who have no arfdUeryj f«£ three Weeks or more. ; About 1,000 Turks, landed on- the .coast, went through the moun ta|npaBB,and got into that fortified town witttt-, -outBtriidnga-blow, the insurgent leaders being; at the jtime absent; Itis,hWeveri explained that latterly the insurgents seem to have tponceni irated their efforts more towards' the sduth easterly put of the -Here tgovina with* view to get possession of the Turkish line «f commHni-. cation into the interior which runs, along a .narrow strip of territory between Seryia' and Montenegro towards Hovi Bazax, and rail the news of- insurgent movements received '.* lately J relate to. that part. Then we;have news^tbat1 seme 3,000 7TqrkiBh troops made a suacesgful attack - -upon the - insurgents i pear Kostariich Dabich^and' Lubinq^ in the D|Btriot t^f BilekL The inEUigents; were routed, and-retreated in1 -oonsidBrable jjumbers in ; the direction pf the .Austrian frontier..-; ; . There are now no insur-' £ents in rthe^4pcaliries..^ostar is, the capital of Herzegpyinft, and here the Turks areconcen firating a. «onsiderable force, and .their rein forcementsVyla Kleck on the; Adriatic reach that place without letor MndraBce. The Turks ; 'are £ainingjthe -upper . haad in NortbTfin j and Central Bosnia, where arms, have: been freely distributed bj^ the authorities, and^ Muksul- ' man bands are scourinE the; woods; In search ;. of '-.. Insurgents. ; ; Attocious ? cruelties are committed by both parties. [The Xoajkish town pf PribDJ,..pn ihe Bosno-Servian rentier, was burnt down by- insurgents on the 23th of Augoait, while the TnrkB attacked the Monastery of B-kpva,. and Mlled the OhristianB assembled to celebrate a holyday of the OhurohV She Monastery of . Duzi, hitherto: the heaa ijuarteVs jof.the insurgents, and not , far from \- wfio st^zedflaige stores .of riflas and ammunition there. -The insurgents retired to the mpun tuins close to. -the Austrian border. . Thus abready the insurgents seem, unable -.to moke a stand even in the difficult defileBof the ceuritryf ? and unless they are. joined hy Servia and Monte negro, or both,, there is no chance : for tttemi^ Fiombpth cpuntries, volunteers haye eroBsed .the frontier. . But the filontenegr^bands have1 aho wn greater -lispo4tipn for razzias on;TurkiBh S*Uage8i*nd-o ;Carry ^f£ cjktfelei.wbigh-:can lie* far-anBppr|ed.iiea8ily acrpBS Jthe frontifir,-,,; thaa)' ar any iejAons engagements with the. ^-urkB.' But the Setylans, though few aninumberp, have borne thebraBtof ^be figbting, 6u/»b &8?it fcks.'? In Belgrade; an aenthu8iastic ;^cep^pq. was! glyento the new Ministry., A deputation jasked fora -declaration, of -war. '.The, Minister' for Foreign Affairs,' Bis lies, answered .that he -left the decision to tbe wisdom of the Prince. According- to Seryiau Accounts, the Tdrks. ? hav« .violated? he Servian Territory at Stolatz. j To prevent tbeirndplng sp^again,: Servia will tnlte ^eeessary measures at . pnoai But that Prince - JktilanwiU declare war is exceedingly doubtful;1 ^unleBS pvfirborne by bis, subjects. Se, cannot apt jgitluout the sanction, or in testh; of the «y*jto pr$he.TGreat Powers ; apd: they show ap- ?Uflposi^ipn to throw oil upon the Barnes, land' 111 probably : -ucceedL,4n. keeping back both ^rvia and,Mon^egrp,.|iheP,riQC8 of theater .Stafe&havbig;, :U4s .^aid, beenj?r?mised by itb5e * Porte an extension of territory. It.«eftms ifalso ?' that the insurgents have far more to'fear from' ;he nvau-y ofrjthese-two Stotes than to hope from their co-operation. - r \ s ? -- . t It'may be ijnieBtioned whether Bussia deaireB' a conflagration in-the-East at the present time, ^bje, has :her hands fulL Herposseasionsin Abi^ are. a source^ ef chronic . anxiety. . A rebellion has .broken out in the Khanate of Kbokand, 'which bas extended to the southern alsiricts f Turkestan, tod the malcontentB have pro-' daimed a :.*Mioly war*?: aagainst ^the: infideL r General Kaufmann -mtiy, triumph; pyer jttese^ troublesome . tribes, but it is tedious And costly work. In the second edition of the Times there ? is an important telegram' from Therapia date* yesterday;' which iiiaioateB?that thelnBurrection has almost received its death blow.' ' It is to -tM«^ffeM^^TKe,Tpia lity| galii^aayieitbry;-; Ten tho^and inaufgeH^ haye been driven to the frontier And dwajmfed by the' Aufltrians. TPfae^bwn of'Nevesrnje, the focus of the^insur Trectibii, has been olestrbyeS, i: Ttie' cotkmwilca- ? GERMANY.— THE HERMANN MONUMENT.— ANNI- VERSARY OF SEDAN. ;' The;GerinariB are proverbially fond of . mbn jster. festivJals, i and dnring {Ahe week before las p t tfaera. was unveiled a , colossal monument near Detmold to Hermann, the almost mythical hero.who drove back the legions of Vards and, who, according to Tacitus, was the only one' who had the courage to attack Rome, and the strength to defeat her when at the height of her power. The statue, we are told, in-form and countenance is intended to impersonate the manly vigor, frankness, and strength attri buted to the ancient Germans by -their Roman enemies, and to aid in the consolidation: of German unity. The inaugural festival was unquestionably a national event. The Emperor arid his son were present,-, and were. received ' with marked enthusiasm by the multitudes who had been drawn from all parts of the Fatherland: to witness, the -ceremonial and whose national patriotism is likely to .receive' an impetus from this remarkable festival One of, its Indirect results will, no doubt be: to increase the unpopularity of the Roman Catholic Bishops and clergy,who are, however, showing a marked tendency to succumb to the. laws of the land. ^Yesterday -, was .the anniversary - of Sedan j when the military power of. France was so signally overthrown. It was celebrated through out Germany. In Berlin the weather (was .splendid. All the public ompeayihe -echools, the Exchange, and, the princ^al -shops : and stores were -closed.;: In; the forenoon, f the Emperor held a parade-, pa. the Tempelhof field, and wTie wad the Berlin ?GfirrisoB, 'The, Empress, the ; Orpwn .. PrinoeBB, .;' the Duk0 of. uonnaugnt, if nnoe iieopom or isayaria, .ana many other diBtiiigniphed persons we're present,. The Imperial Family, on, returning to Berlin, met with an enthusiastic Reception. :L The JSmpefor gave a bieakfast to Abe ^commanding officers. His imperial Majsaty left : at : 5 o'clock for Weimar, to attend the unveiling of the statute of the Grand Duke Charles Augustus, -the friend of Schiller and Goethe. In. the evening there , was a general illimina- tion. The City Hall was splendidly decorated From morning until late at night there were enormous crowds in the streets, and Sedan Day has evidently become a great national holiday. All parties joined in the- celebration, except the social Democrats, who however, observed the birthday of their famous leader, Ferdinand Lasalle. FATAL ; TBAOEDTT OK THE SOLBHT. — TAOHT BUK :'??-'-.: ?: ? TsbViTH Bt THE AISEETA. i A very deplorable accident oooarred oh the Solent on 'Wednesday; the 18tb, wbich resulted in a .lamentable' loss of ' life, And has been ' the occasion of peboliar distress' to the Queen. On 4hat evening Her MfljeBtyand:th'e Boyal Family were to leave for Ualmoral, and it; is hardly neoessaty to say that their railway journey had been tuned for the entire distance, so as not to interfere with the ordinary traffic on the various tines.- The arrangements bavlng been/made, it became obvious that the observance of pnnctu *Ji1y ' was of primary Importance. About 6 -m the evening «f that^as-y the royal party fimbarked- at Oaborne on board the Alberta, the Qieen'js steam -yacht of some 150,ton3 barden, and cof great' swiftiheliV *e 7i6'' 'tprlis and Albert accompanying her on the passage ip Portsmouth. When the royal yacht '^as In Smokes Bay, near Eyde, a schooner ySoht, the TBtistletoiB, of 120 tons, the property jof fflr. B. S. Heywdodi'the wMl-known banker »f Manchester, was observed to b^ right ftorpss the bdws '. of the Alberta, and' -s soon as the ppsttion of the schooner was observed the belm of the; Alberta was at once put about, in sic cordanee with the rules of the road at sea, with the intention of running under the stern of the - Mistletoe, And had the' latter kept on her course there van be little doubt that the royal yacht would %ave bleared lier, and =the accident -oula have been Vavpided; but seeing flie Mbetta approaching, And believing ttwfc a sertojs ;«icbldent was inevitable, the ? master,. It is supposed, either 'became jaarrled,., or, felt loyally bound to give place, to the royal yacht. The Alberta was going at the rate of 15mUeSAnb.our, and violently struck the Mistletoe amidshipu and out her nearly in two. Almost immediately the turned oyeranc sank. A lady, natsed Miss Peel, daughter of the late Mr. Jphn .Peel, M.P. for Tarn worth, and the, mate; went down with the yacht, and were drowned. - tThe master was picked up un oonsciouB,: having been struck' by a spar, and 'flied. lOn being dragged on b6ard the Alberta,, the steward was fouadto have the 'small bone of one of bis arms fractured, and was sent to Haslar Naval HospitaL Mr. Heywood, ihe owner, was picked up in an exhausted condition And Tembved- to' AdmiraUy House, 'Ports-, moutt. . Mrs. Heywood was- in Kyde at tne time::of the collision, and was immediately fetched over by order af^ Her, Majesty. 'The ere w were all rescued And sent on board the -Duke of Wellington, fl^ehip, at Portsmouth. Assoonas theMstletoe was struck the - officers . and crew of the Alberta did all that, was ipos ,»ible Jtpxesoue those on board. OpmmanderFuU, larton. particularly .distinguished , himself in tbisrespeot. Ms snooeeded in rescuing Miss Peel, and was himself placed in the greatest jeo pardy while endeavoring tosave the life of the deceased lady. He managed to reach her, but the .back ofr iie Bchooner giving way at 'the time, she was carried below by the mainsail of the jshlp. Her sister, Miss £. Peel, was rescued. Several of the bluejackets also ha.d narrow escapes, one of them aptually going down with the sinking vessel. ~ Her Majesty was, of course, greatly concerned at the accident, and herself did ber best to console the resouod ladies; and' personally assisted in tbe attempt to restore the -captain. The Queen; before leaving ,f or Jjalmoral sent to Admiral Kmot,, and, Issued special command with regard, to the care of the ; surviybrs. Her Majesty also requested -that telegrams with reference to the cDnditibn of ,Mr. Hey wood should be sent after her ori her journey to the North, and .ihe telegraph office was iept open all night for the purpose. ' This manifestation of tender sympathy has : been maintained ever since. To the widow of the, rdepeased jnaster, Stoke?, and to the relatives oI'Miss Peel, and ^n every av,aUable form,; tUa Queen' has sent messages expressive of ' her deep concern and regret.' , ; . ; , '' ?.' . ThelGoroner's inquest on the deceased was very exhaustive, and the enqnlfylastei several days, but as is generally .the ..case in, such oatastrophep, , the ..testimony was yery conflict-. ,mg. -On the one nand.r Prince JUeinen gen, Gaptain 'Welch, and the- other officers of; this , royal yacht concurred in the statement that' the royal yacht, .took the right ooursa; thpughj ad: mlttlng that,,, in order to keep time for the, ,4p?oial train, she was; gaiog at a great -p6ed. .It was while Captain' 'Welch, in chief command' of ihe. Alberta, wasjioticuig two other yachts ; that she neared the Mistletoe, and though tbe order to atop was given, it was too lai;e. . This officer complained that too of ten in the Solent yachts xan-.tbo near, in ordejto see the Queen. . Mr. ' Hey wopd emphatically denifidf that there was . : 'any idea . of alieerihg : sear the (Jaeen's y»chi^ be should hava considered it an itn 'perfcinenceTto have done sneh a thing. The. eyidenbe.pn ^he part of the Mistletoe was to; the effect that there oo.uld' not .-have been; art adequatelopk-put on board the Alberta ; that ibe Jfilistletoe did; jiot alter ^her course ;one Iota, and that, if the J^pyal yacht had atir Jboarded ber helri^Jhererwodld have been no; cplliBlbh. ..In^lhe courfle rbf tb.e enquiry prince Leinengeh said b^ bjad.. jec^yed .a ,teiegrain' from, ! the 'Qaeenjr authorising him Jo rea* *n exfeact fnoin a nrivateleiterTSrom herself. - Her. MajestyVwrote V' I 5?U}i' J^j-M f &y; Mop\ f»v jnirablyi X' thought .'every: rOni* behaved ';'-, wi^h; what rapidly: the ^bdata.* were Jpwered, and' officers and' men, jumped 'overbbard to saye: ltves^aiid,I.5.belieyjB bo one' .would have ^^^een ^y^d .^lierwise.' farther , an ' Her . Majesty says-^r**itr waa.inbst ; sad .tbati-i in spite) pf. jppmmandef Follerton's noble efforts, the other pppFypurig laay- could not rbe saved,' and tbat the poor old man died- ph. board, and one more Hfe wasl&Bt.;'- The Jury, .'after, many hours' deliberation, .were unable to agree to a verdict, and- were rbound: over Vto appear^ before jthe 3Tjidge At the next '?JLsu^zsfr '?.. According ; to; a public statement by one of them, 11 were in tavor of a verdict of '.manslaughter' against tbe officers of the. Alberta. This is a rvery grave, fact^ ,, for' fihe ...J^ry. heard Sfche whole pf. the. evidence,; and could have no mptive for . coining' to such ja con-: .'elusion except, a strong oonvictibn.- The Ad miralty Are conducting an. independent enquiry into the sad eyeat with .a view to ascertain whether there Is ground for having a Uour]; Marti^ But amid the -conflict of'eyidence, it fs clear that the Alberta waa-being -driven^at a most dangerous speed in so narrow and crowded' a-sea- waya8 the Solent. As for the hapless Mistletoe, she has been got up and been tawed into 'Pbrtsaiouth harbor, but is a m^re wreck and. quite beyond repair, Evidently the $r'ag*ay n. sprodnced a profound impr^Bsionon the Qaeen, who is particularly sensitive to such eyents.. '.' lr ? \ '..? / - .. ..?.'',. *,. ' ')'.' THE PEHJOB AND PEIUOJESS OF WAI.ES AT / -. ;-! BHEFETEli). ?-'-,- .. ?';.'! Oa the 16th at ; -August the Prince sand Princess of Wales: went down to Sheffield tit open a public park ^presented 'to the town by the Mayor, Mr. Mark^Firth,' a fine piece of ground, of some 36 acres in extent. They met; with a. most cordial reception -from the Radical operatives of that great Yorkshire manufacturing tbsrn, who heartily co operated In the elabbrate Arrangements made: to give tbem a hearty wel come. The town was densely erbwdeS, and not a single note of discord was heard, either on the Monday or the Tuesday.- -The deoorations .were.; of ^be moBt elabbrate character. There were a . number of tritzo-phal arches, a grand pro* cession. It ris only fair tp/assue from this event,' that; the vast majority of the people of Sheffield, like those of Birmingham, are ri' least quite- content with tbe monarchi cal institutions of tbe country. Two days afterwards, Mr. Mundella, one of. ; the members of the'' borough; met , his consti tuents by ihe thousand ? in Paradise-square, the 'scene' of many a Badical assemblage. He said before JtaWng'.leaye of the Mayor of Sheffield, the Prince pf Wales pame to him {Mr. Mundella),' 'and* not -only once,, but twice, im ^pressed njrt-n birii that Jie perfectly understood all tbaut 'Paradise-square,' and^fchat he under stood nelMr. munaeuaj was going to adores* his constituents there that night. His Royal HighneBs begged that he would convey to them, on his bebftlf -and on behalf of the Princeas of 'Wales, their grateful acknowledgments for' the hearty imd1 enthusiastic reception' Which the men of Sheffield had given i;o them. Hia Eoyal Highness said further tnat'ihey did not always realise all they expected and antici pated, but that on the obcaBlon; of bis visit to Sheffield bis gratification exceeded all he could ' 'have anticipated. -The command was to him (Mr. Mundelia) so unexpected that he said to the Prince, on leaving the room; ,'** Am I to ?understand, Siri- you still ' wish me' to make that statement to my constituents ?' 'Indeed I do,' said His Boyal Highness,' ' and s-y it to them in the most hearty and thankful -manner you are capable; of.' Mr. Mundella said he was proud that his conetltuents had, by their thbrrughly loyal and' peaceful character, brought such credit upon the town; The Prince and Princess of Wales are now at ; Abergeldie Castle, where ih'ey will remain in retirement till the end of October, when the Prlaee is to -;start on his visit to India. For that eveat great prepftrationt ate being mde, both here- and in our Eastern Empire. His Boyal Highness will go out in the ?erapis, which. Is* being specially fitted ant at Ports mouth. At Calcutta and Bombay there have been enthnslaBtic meetings to organise' Com .mittees of reception, In which the native aristocracy are takiag. a prominent share. There is no doubt that the Prince will receive an enthusiaatlc'aBd a splendid yeloome. It is , the kind of thing to .strike the. Imagination of the Hindoos, and the visit promises to be a great public event, which will do much to strengthen our rule in India. - ? CLOSE OF THS PABUAiraWTAtlY SBSSION. The session closed on the 13th of August, not much later than the usual period,3 and only one day' after the saored twelfth, when the claims of grouse are considered far more urgent than ^hase of legislafaoD, and when it la more, orthodox to shoulder a gun than to handle a Bill. There is hot much to ; say ?' relative to the ; last days of the session. The principal incident was an arraignment of the Government policy by the Marquis of Hartington; which, if not eqnal to. so tempting' a theme, was far more effective than could have been expected. His Lordship actually aroused himself, though his speech waV too much1 thak of a partieain.; He demolished the Premier's daring explanation of the breakdown on; the Merchant Shipping Bill— which assumed that Si iriirters all along intended to bring in a iempbrary measure, and that Mr ; PlimsPll had only contributed a little steam to give 4t the jieedful Impetus— by quoting Mr. Disraeli's previous .words, and giving neces-. sary dates'.' His'Iiprdsblp showed how illusory were many of the measures of 'the Government,/ how time had been wasted' in needless discus sions, and that the session, in comparison with. some tbat bad gone before, had ' been marked bv feebleness, had been aimless.- : arid barren ol credit to Parliament, or of benefit to the riatipnl' This attack, which was loudly ap plauded by the Opposition benches, was ' met by the Premier with his usual facility, ? and more than ordinary ingenuity../ His Lordship, said Mr. Disraeli, could criticise'wba't had been done without fear of retaliation, for he; had done and attempted nothing. He bad prodbc°d no rival -measureg, made no heroic struggles, done nothing but make1 a speech 'which1 had not evecfthe excuse ef bpingmade after dinner.' Mr. Duraeh declared that before the year had. passed, many millions of money would' have %een invested under the Artisans Dwellings Bill, explained his blunder at the Mansion House dinner about the days of the week' oh which he withdrew the Merchant Shipping /Bill - and consulted 'the Cabinet on a temporary . measure, -'and declared that he did suggest a -Bill of only one- clause. And it would have contained only one clause, but that the Opposi tion1' plundered ocr own Bill and presented1 us ;wifch the spoU'^-a beautiful fepl^ram, and-^ 'considering that Mr. Disraeli himsolf was the plunderer, and; threw over his colleagues to commit the theft— perhaps a trifle' impudent, even for him. He laughed at accusations «f givingup Bills, when LOrd Hartington himself - -had -urged their surrender as long aigb as; June, and denied that he had ever called the Opposi tion 'factions.' ' He agreed with Lord Palmer stonHhat;* faction' ; was only: another man's action,5' denied that he'had lowered the dignity of the House', and ended with a glowing eulo giuin bnLthe/**devdtfbn' of his colleagues to 'himself: ^But on the whole the Premier's spbtfch was a defensive one. Atthe Mansion *Housa'4e spoke as a successful statesman ; in the House cf Commons us a clever apologist. Neither speech, :.we imagine, has. done much; to ^'move -the . general 'impresSon that i the session has ; bfeen1 a bungle, anl ithat ihe Government are ' losing ; their pres tige. But so J weak and disunited is the Gpporition that Mr. Disraeli is still 'master \--t the situation,' iitroBgh.he cannot ifurn hi3 -large majority td much acopunt. ' The measure,, relative tb: which there was sb^eici'irig'A scheme,* passed at length in a' serviceable shape, 'Mr. Plimsoll indulged in what the Duke of Somerset spoke of with his acrid sarcasm as j''h^erical':^creanMS*'lto spme^purposBir ^The Merchant Shipping BUI, as- Lord Carllngford ?said when -it '* was - under Consideration in the Upper House, is a ' muoh^nore^ationakl and re spebtable measure than could be expected from tbe%ircamst»nceB of its origin.''^ His Lordship' links' ihsit- if ^imprpved iieicfe'year ByclauseTs -regulating i Jnsurance— ;bo ' that a'Jwreck ' should Bring nofprofit #6 atiybody-^and^by a.=;sfeibter nietho'd offenquiry '.'xpttf ?.wBBcks, -It ^mayi be 'found a permanent addition .to the Statute '^wik.' The Lord Chancellor 'also intimated ^fltat lie^didjidt See' why thb principle whlich; governs fire insurance should not be applicable also' to ships, so that^the Insurer should not in any case gain more than he lost. This change in the law ought to be carried next -year. : It isTibw fbri^ie Beard of Trade to cairry put' Its' provisions* ' Sir Charles Adderly is aroused. Hellas to appoint agents and ; inspectors at |the various ports; and be lias it in his power, and. Is armed witn. .ample xrathority, to stop unsea-; worthy ships,' and ;tp save the lives of .many seamen durbag the coming winter. ;f ' ?, ? ' :- The'' closing 'Speech from the Throne,, deli 'vered inH;he presence of a mere handful of members, was,1 considering all things,' rather modestly f rimed Msiid- skilfully ,wo'rded. '- ' Her Majesty is made to 'say that she *' looks forward with hope and confidence to jbhe ?uninterrupted maintenance of European peace,' ' though there Is rather an ominous ^cloud on the ; Eastern horizih, which has arisen since ?the -Speech? was composed. The announce ment of a supplementary convention 'with the.: *f Btferbf Zaiztbaf*' for more 'tfiecfcually sup press'iiig the East Afrlcaa slave ttade is a piece ©f gratifying news. The paragraph referring to Borniahindioatea that the difficulties' wttb' that Orieatal S'late are rather adjourned than settled, Her Majesty promising that ' no effort snail be spared to secure tne punishment: of those' by whom the ; '-treacherous' attack on the ^West SJhina exploring expedition ' Was instigated and committed.' For the rest Her Majesty believes; in South African Oonfedera ?tioB, made a complimentary reference 'to tny Colonist »-Tnph«i??'7 4s pleased with i*ie Act which, : while ^relaxbag the stringency of former enactments, maintains the tranquillity' of Ireland, with the' Artisans Bwellings Act, ,tfie Sanitary Consolidation Act, the Act on -Friendly Societies, and other .Acts 'of ' the Session; She , regrets that 'the state of public business and the differences of opi nion natarally arising on a varied and compre ?hensive schemfe' have prevented the completion - of the Merchant Shipping Bill, but rejoices that a temporary enattment will ' diminish con siderably the dangers to which my seafaring, subjects are exposed.' 'The Agricultuial Hold inga Act will 'greatly and. beneficially enlarge the powers, of limited owners,' and ''while maintaining absolute freedom of contract'- will 'raise a presumption: of rights' under which 'a »ew, inducement will be given to expend capital, upon the improvement of land.' The membeis of tbe Cabinet have -?one lidir several ways. . The Premier is enjoying , rest at Hughenden; Manor, where it may be hopjed bis delicate health .will be recruited j others laye gone to the seaside to .wash away doll oare in the briny urave ; others wiu try to bring about the same result at the German baths ; and some, no doubt, like thousands iof ? the 'Upper Ten,' are using their riflsB-wiia; more or less effect on the moors in pursuit «f grouse, or in the stubble frequented by the ill fated partridge., London is out of town. The dull season la all ihe duller this year ia conse quence of the glorious, weather, which has been' mercifully extended into September, and has enabled the crops to be got in in good oondlticB. . ..,:,: \- THB O'OOHSKLL FBBTTVAIi. i '.;. The centenary of the birth of Daniel O'Con^ sell, the Irish Liberator, was an ey*nt of national interest, although there was npt that happy combination of the various sections of IriBh society on the' occasion which befitted the occasion. Unhappily tbe Roman Catholics tried to make a monopoly of the Irish hero ; 'and more than that, they invited a lot of French and German Bishops, as though they were going to celebrate an Ultramontane triumph, 'The festival was divided^ into two. parts. On Thursday, August 4, Ihe Komieh prelates had their innings. ; On the 5th ;be' ^rationalists came as much to the rbat as was %llovrea, Tite : pteneral re. suit is thus desorlbed~by-tbo-5pecfa#orr— ' The majority of the prelates asked did not come, and the only effect of asking them was to annoy the Protestants and the Whi?s whose adhesion wss essential, while, these win repre sented the Church from abroad knew no Irish, . and talked so lengthily in outlandish tongues that the audience got bored to frerzy, and would not put up with any more of it. At the grand banquet of Erlday, which was to have been the culminating soene of the cere monial, the diners hardly listened to the Bishop *« -Nantes, though he represented France, the old friend and betrayer of Ireland, and shouted down Prince Radzivil, perhaps the most influ ential lay Catholic in the German Empire. The dignity of internationality was quite forgotten, and we fear the comment of many among the foreign visitors must have been that Oinde rella had lost, with her gowns, some of her manners in the kitchen. Then the se/ kuwsu wcAHwu lor QiBpiay turned out a wrong seleotion. The seoret of O'Oonnell's power in Ireland, apart from his personal gifts, was that he,: of all men, represented the double emotion which, ever since the Reformation, has swayed the majority there, the pride of creed and the pride « nationality. He was a devoted Catholic and a devoted Irisnman. Whether he waa as sincere an advocate of Independence as Eman cipation may be. doubted, even by those who believe in him,. for O'Gonnellwas not by nature a Eepublican, and he had French proclivities ; but to Irishmen his fidelity to both their causes seems undeniable, and they hail him as at once the liberator and the Patriot. That he was .unsuccessful in one tffort And .successful in the other 'makes no difference ; be made both efforts, and in. both he might, had Irishmen -been other than they were, have been tri umphant. Ultramontane and Homeruler, priest, aad Nationalist, Cardinal Cullen and oxr. Butt, could unite in laudation of the man pleaded in' the same breath the right of seces sion! in politics and the criminality of secession in jrellgion. The Fates, however, were adverse, . and the double character of O'Oonnell, instead of uniting all Irishmen, only Increased the depth, of 'the_ fissure which now once more divides the majority. The Catholics sought to suppress his character as secessionist, the Nationalists were jealous of the boasts of his Catholicity. Each party wanted to appropiate him entire, ana eacn, as is dsiaw tne other's ettort, pulled harder, tbe other way. The Fenian martyrs were lauded in opposition to Catholic Prelates. Mr. Butt, was shouted for when the Lord Mayor wanted Prince HadziyiL There was . an am nesty procession to rival the procession to the - gralve^and black banners, fla.un.ted in pity for the Martyrs, , oddly chequered the display of gilt 'flags waved In triumph and gratulatioo. The grand banquet, . which- should have, been the oocasion for- displaj ing the eloquence; and the uaHy,; and 'the long memory of Ireland, ended in a violent party row, terminated only by the retreat of the Lord Mayor and the extinctien of the gas. The division of feel ing was too great alike for decorum and for enjoyment. The people who in all Kurope . most admire eloquence would ™ no orator speaic; me most npspicaDie of mankind groaned do wn their invited guests ; and the only sensitive men in the United Kingdom risked becoming ridiculous / rather than support an order they disapproved. A greai idea, well conceived and boldly executed,, ended' in a great fiasco. Even in minute de tails, the irony of the Fates was manifest. '.Ireland happens to have ? ecently had a Lord Chancellor who was also a Catholic and a friend O'Connell, and Lord O'Hagan was, therefore, asked to. pronounce tbe liberator's eulogy ; but a domestic misfortune Intervened, and the eulogy left, unspoken was .only pub lished In the Times, as the oration which, had circumstances, favored, would have been de livered: That -characteristic Hibernicism.was an accidental, but-terrible blow for, the Catho lics i and as fpr the Nationalists, the weather, from the days of the ^Armada always Protestant and English, once more put out. its strength. No sooner were the National crowd And the National orators and the National speeches -u&. foaujr uw gv yu,-iiiiau.a.Mfiiouii vi iiuu^rraui tush as only. Dublin and the tropics know drove all in silence and soaking shivering to their homes. . Nothing that : could be unkind was : kind .; to either side,, 'and Cinderella, once more- disenchanted,. ' once more - wept.?' ThW the, O'Oonnell Centenary ^.has been the niieans'^pf widening, the . breach between ? the Romish dlergy and the ' Nationalists, . and of increasing the popularity .of, -the latter at ; the expense ? of the former. The re-' Balta.of this split maj be impertant. That on such an occasion, when all differences should' -have been forgotten, there should be scenes of strife and discord, show that the Home Bule movement does not make rapid progress, and that, the influence of .the clergy Is on the wane in Ireland. There has since been a series of angry .scenes and letters between the Lord Mayor of Dublin and the Home Bule leaders, in 'which accusations and recriminations, have ' been bandied to and fro to the amusement of the outside public. . . -Since then the Lord-Lieutenant has appeared on the IrlBh stage, apropos of the annual fleet ing of the Irish Boyal Agricultural Society at Londonderry, and his speech clearly shows, why* Eomish Prelates and Home Bule agitatorsiare . so ;; much at a discpunt just now in Ireland. The Duke of Abercom went through the pleas ing catalogue of the signs of Irish prosperity. '.His Grace hadto tell of. marked progr9Bs in ail mattef'8 conneoted with agrfcultare— of I in creased cultivation and: augmented produce ; of ?greSter .' security . of tenure -and more content ment Y of higher wages- and lessening' emigra tiort; of abounding -stock and Savings Bank investments to /the extent of 76,000,000 ster ling. And last, but not least, of fewer agrarian outrages,' and diminishing crime generally. .; His Grace did not say that this was the result of beneficent legislation. Yet there is no doubt that the remedial measures . passed - by , Mr. (Gladstone's Parliament, and opposed by' the Tories, have had much to do ia promoting this gratifying change. At all eyents, Mr. Disraeli is not likely to find Ireland his '? chief diffi culty.' ;-' -;.;? .'' ' ? ' ' . THE BBITIsa: ASSOCIATION AT BBISTOL. The British^ Association holds its annual meeting when politics are at low -water, and the papers are casting about for -material to fill up the daily broadsheet.. Its proceedings are therefore well reported, if not well read. The city of Bristol has enter tamed the savans very handsomely. This year's President is Sir John_ Hawkshaw, the eminent engineer, who. natu rally chose for lie subject. of his addreBsvthe subject with - which he is most familiar. His speech was interesting, but not, profound nor original— a catalogue of rema -kable facts which, especially as relating to' railways, were ©f great importance. , Sir John .showed that, works Vaster than any yet attempted by modern engineers were accomplished in Egypt, but that neither -Egyptians nor Romans had in vented the railway, the steamship, or the electric telegraph. He looked forward to greater efforts yet, thpngh he did not describe what they were to be, and considered engineer ing one of the advancing arts, because, un like -poetry, or sculpture, or painting, it gained by every ' result of experience. He was economy of force, and would not declare positively that although man could not create anew force, he could not discover one. He defended railway management, observing that as yet the precautions taken to ensure safety 'had, increased faster than either the pace or the traffic, but warned bis audience that the. limit of possible precaution might soon be reached. Accidents would then occur regu larly, In proportion to speed and number of trains. Sir John, . as Professor Tyndall re- . marked, kept in close contact with mother earth, avoiding -those debateable theories on the border land of science and religion, which, were touched upon so injudiciously by his pre decessor at Belfast. The Times correspondent gives the following general bird's-eye view of she proceedings of the Associations— On the first morning of the actual working days seven addresnes were delivered at ' the same time. : S ime of these, no doubt, re lated to subjects of sectional interest ; bat in -Section A, Professor Balf our Stewart treated of , the reoeut development of physical soienoe with relation to solar dlscoverioi by pbotoarapbio, spectrosoofrio and other means, ?Professor-Si- Vernon Harcoflat alfitt delivered an able discourse, the burden of which was that cheBjioal studies flugit to be more gene rally attended to at places of .education. He considered the older Universities still behind In appliances, and also recommended greater organization to pursue original investigations, one of the objects. this section is, promoting. In the geological section, Dr. Wright, naturally turned to an explanation «f the geologic il ard pa?se3ntogical features of the . surrounding country. In the biological section,- Mr. P. L. S slater had prepared an elaborate ency clopEelic work on the authorities relating to the. vertebrate kingdom according ; to . geogra phical arrangement. Perhaps the ablest ad dress, as each— certainly the most skilfully arranged as a literary, production— was that of General ; Strachy, who treated at great length the doctrine of evolution as illus trated by and illustrative of geography. In the , mechanical section, Mr. Froude took the -unusual and more . difficult course of delivering an Address on original investigations. This was the most .successful of all, and by special 'request he delivered it again. It related to certain experiments relating to the resistance of water on moving bodies, with a view to their application to shipbuilding, ;from which he has deduced a theory of stream lines. On Friday Professor Eolleston delivered .''f' sub-department of Anthropology » clever address, though bearing marks of hasty compo sition, on fke subject of Cranioloey. which he Has made his own. He had the advantage of having the field more to himself, and attracted a large audience. On a subseauent day Pro fessor Oleland delivered a technical address in his sub-department. In the matiieHiatlcal and physical section on this occasion there was a small attendance of physicists, chief -, among whom may be mentioned Sir William Thompson. But the mathematicians were in strong force, and contributions K-f great power were made. Among those present we- may mention Profes sors Oayley, Sylvester, And Henry Smith. The moBt noteworthy events in the chemical section were a contribution by Professor Cayley on the forms -And some- valuable reports on assays of metals, on analysis, and on other matters. In the Geological Section there was no remarkable event ; the district is an Interesting one, and occupied a good deal of interest. The Biological Section is divided into three, sub-sections. In Zoology and Botany there was nothine- remark. able, and in Physiology and Anatomy^he con tributions were of less importance than usual. The department of Anthropology is very popu lar, partly on account of the genial qualities of the President, who kas identfied himself with this new science, partly for the same reason which operates in the Economical Seotion, that many of its papers are hardly within the borders of science. The Geo graphical Section was fortunate in the presence of . Dr. Nachtigal, the African explorer, who contributed a memoir; and as even a small matter on the event of ..the hou is attractive, a description of. thel preliminaries of the Arctic Expedition obtained much atten tion. The Economic Section always had a gocd attendance. This may be looked on as the safety-vent of the Association, where hobbies are allowed to be ventilated. The line between science and charlatanism is more - difficult to draw here than anywhere. With a few excep tions, real statisticians and- economists choose other occasions .for their best endeavors. Mr. Jevpns, as usual, gave some good memoirs. An influential Committee also gave a report on Trades Unionism. The report confined itself -o a few truisms and some mild advice. The last Section, that iof Mechanical Science, was the : best represented of .alL, as was natural, the President of the Association being himself an engineer, o Among the subjects particularly treated in this section were the resistance ^of water to sbips, the steering of steam vessels, the tides, and the construction of docks. In tha geological section a paper read by a M. Herbert dealt with the subject ©f the pro posed Channel tunnel, and suggested that if it is intended to carry the tunnel through the chalk bed said to exist between England and France it must take ; a very: dicultous course. '. This naturally called up Sir , John Hawkshaw, the engineer of the ^ undertaking, who said that if such a route was required the tunnel would ?? never &e; made;; butjje expressed a pretty con fident belief that the straight course from St. Margaret's Bay to Sangatte, as proposed^ would -turn out to bethebeat, and he qioitedlsposed of the objections ; that have. often beentnade as to the difficulties attending the ventilation of the tunnel when completed. This huge boring is to be 280 feet below tbe bottom, of the Channel, where no breakages of any importance are anticipated. , Kent's'Oavern -Jias been again to the fore, Mr. W. Pengelly giving ah* account of the reaesiTohes now being made itherein. Arch bishop Usher's chronology would seem to be nowhere, accordint;. to Mr- Pengelly, -for in reply to a clergyman who was. visiring^he cave, and who naively enquired whether 6,000 years were not sufficient, .to account £or .all the deposits found therein, Mr. Pengelly said, ' Put six noughts to those figures, and they would sfcill not be noughtyjenouga,?' XLaughter. ) Professor Kollesfcon said it didnotseem possible for them to escape Mr. Pengelly !s conclusions, and pointed out the* folly of persons being afraid of the result of such investigations into tmth. . . ? : v - . ?'. :;?-.- CAIPTAINWEBB'S GBEATPKAT. — SWIMMIKGACB083 THE CHAKNEIj. AB already recorded, Captain Boyton, the American, succeeded in crossing the English -Ghannnl, though : not without difficulty, in his life-preserving apparatus,.and by the aid of his paddle and a small sail. 'He took 23 hours to : perform the feat. But Captain Webb, by steer swimming and without extranebus aidj has accomplished the same gigantic task in a .little over 21 hours. Every one was incredulous when it was announced that this stalwart swimmer was going to rival Captain. Boyton— albeit bo did go from Bamsgate to Dover, about 10 miles, rorcnd the South Foreland, and without much difficulty. On the 12th Captain .Webb made his first essay from. Dover. After battling with wind and wave for' ;l10' mfleal he prudently got out of ' the. OhanneP and entered the lugger that accompanied him. having come to the conclusion that it was im possible for mortal man to swim A krbugb.80.ca a %e&. But he Tesolved to try again, and having waited some time at Dever, circumstances ap peared highly favorable' on Tuesday, August 24th, and at 1 p.m. he dived off the Admiralty Pier and proceeded on. his :trip,- accompanied throughout by, a lugger and two rowing boats. There- was at starting a dead nalm »nd tTio lugger had to make use of ber sweeps. :The swimmer was followed out cf, the harbor by a goodly fleet of yachts Land rowing boats, but they gradually fell off, and at half -past 2 he was left alone. He had started at a slow and steady breast stroke of twenty to the' minute,' and at 2.40 took his first refreshment in shape of some good old English ale. At 4.20 the sun broke through the haze for the first time,- but the sea remained as oJm as a mirror, and, so far, cross bearings had been easily takes. The sun, however, could: not break through the heavy banks of clouds for long, and from this hour till sunrise the next morning only one landmark was visible at once, and it was quite impossible to guess even approximately the actual position of the luggey. At 5.38 Webb had more ale and some beef tea ; and at 6 the Ville de Malaga, a large screw steamer came by, bat she -considerately ported her helm . and gave- him- a wide berth. A quarter of an hour later Mr. J. G. Chambers Arrived in a row boatfrom France. He took a dip with Webb, stopped to tea, and at sunset departed for the Engting coast with despatches. Webb continued at bis same steady stroke of 20 to the minute, and at 7.30 p.m. asked, in a cheeryvoloB, that one of the referees should be. berthed- in his row boaii-fn order tn guarantee that he took no unfair advantage during the. night. His request was at once complied. with, and so calm was the atmosphere that tbe tune played by the military band on Dover-parade, some 10 miles distant; could be distinctly named. At 8. 16 more beef' tea And tear were taken, followed by seme hot coffee 20 minuter later, when Webb took biB first kest ob hiB bask. From 9 p.m. to Dover gun-fire— 9 30 p.m.— he was much trouble* by seaweed. Spon after 10 Webb cheerfully .drew attention to the fact .that the moon was rising; - At It he partook of some ood.3iver oil fo* the first and only time during the v^rage, and he wj» now ?: -'progressing at * slightly ?elower'Btrbke of ; ?? 19 to the minute. New that the moon had ; ': risen the eoene at midnight was mote [like a \- Venetian lagoon than the -usually wind- tossed '? iwaTes«f our EiigliBh Channel; »nd the a wimaaer ?_?.?? -was much pleased by the tinging cheers he met '; v with frofri the outward-bound Frarich mail-boat. ? : A red light was burnt in order that laiepassen ? ' gers might hare *g«od look at Mno, and so far ? : the first eleven tours of the ewim had passed off . mostsatisfcctorily. At 12.45 he partook of some beef tea and brandy, and announced in a confi dent tone tiiatiie felt sure of success, Befresh : - ments were now but seldom taken ; in fact, WerAwentfromt30a.nl. to 3 without bite or . sip, the reviver on both these occasions being \- coffee and brandy. At:2.30, fts the swimmer ?:-: ' nowappearedratherexhausted, youngjBakerjthe diver, stripped and plunged in, in order to be \- ? ? ready for Any emergency. ? Webb, however, was anything but fainthearted,, but kep^hu old ! stroke of twenty to the minute^ With the norfij-eastera btream how commencing, it was a ? ?: r moot point whether he would not drift \- . too - far easterly - on - to the broad part of *he straits abreast of the Calais sands. The sequel proved this to be the case, and eveatuaUy he had some four miles farther ; to tro than he ''would have had if he had been ' sufficiently far to the westward to fetch in with the tdie between Wisaant and Sangatte, as had been hoped. A streak of daylight appeared to the eastward at 4 a.m., and all were busy in endeavoring to discover what landfall was likely to be made. Nothing, however, was so ? - ?* far discernible, «ad the swimmer could not help ? feeling this drowsiness attendant on sunrise. HotcofiEee and brandy were the refreshments nowiaken, and it was not until 5.30 that the sun lad sufficiency absorbed the haze to enable the buoys of 'Lea Bidens to be seen and the whereabout to be accurately determined. Up -to 7 the sea remained as oalm as it had at .starting, but at this juncture a west-south-west breeze, unfortunately sprung iip, and- kept gradually freshening. : When within grasp of the goal this was 'most -cruel for Webb, find doleful, indeed, -wire the' ??? .poor fellow's lamentations, -not that lie was suffering , from cold through his long immersion, but that the nasty short -lop was aggravating «nd retarding him in the extreme. Both tow .boats went to the weather side to protect him as much as possible, hut from this point it simply Webb's- indomitable pluck that ? kept him going, although he was 'making but little, \- if any, headway. Brandy elone was now ad .ministered at intervals «f about every twenty - ..:. minutes. - TThus matters proceeded till (eight,: \- ? :-w when soundings were found in ten fathoms, -but lie had drifted almost into a line . with the : harbor mouth, and if lie had got to the eastward ?I «f this it would probably have been r.sce .sflary to wait * -couple of hours for the next , tide to %et him in. Luckily, however, mat ' teramendedatacritlcalmonient, Thecaptain r. «f the Maid of Kent, mail-boat, from inside ..- . the harbor, -saw the intrepid fellow approach ing, and at once put off in his gig to lend -a \- helping hand. By 9.30 this large-eraft was I comfortably settled on the swimmer's weather, and thereby considerably smoothed the . water, for him. -From this point the «heers were incessant, 'and the new ar \- .rivals infused all with fresh hopes, ; more ':. especially the captain himself . Thus lie was enabled to lay a direct course for Calais Sands i -4o the westward *f the pier. By 1030 a.m. he . ???.!- was in 10 feet of water, and, incredible to _ .relate, at 10 40 iraye Matthew Webb stood j .: -upright nn terra firms,, very tired, but other wise f none; the worse: for his : long immersion. : ' Hb was quickly conveyed to his hotel in a cab. -.??.- -:. A French doctor volunteered his services,' but _ Webbwould have no physic ; and after being .. well: rubbed down he was pat to bed. He *lept four hours, and then after taking soup and fish -went to sleep again. He was seen in . tne evemngDy a gooa many persons, and after \- ia sound ^Ightfs sleep, a^oTjbath, and a break fast, lie declarodthathefelt-aswellasever he did in his life, except a lit lo stiff ness in his . limbs and. neok. Webb-is not a man of . . many ? words, arid /fee- Telegraph -reporter ; igiyes the following «s«U he could get . out of him :— -4S w^nt,' he says, ' into the \, water, determined either to reach the other _ side or ainfc.-; All I can say is, that! kept L: pegging «t ttj^andit was a -terrible i hard job : '? ?. towardsthe end.' Butt was determined not to ,- r give up as Jong -as I had strength' to move a : - limb.' I «poke of his 'being «tung bya jelly : fish at 9.39. He said the sting brought on \- faintness, but on taking a drink' of -brandy it \--. passed off again. At another time he said he : ifelt queer^namely, after taking some cod-liver ?oil. It did not agree wiih him, and he would . have no more of it. One of the most remark able thmgs connected with Webb's feat, was ; . . his being able to keep up the circulation so long in the water, fie has no scientific reason to -...-? give for his wonderfulpower of sustaining heat, iis jocose explanation l»lng that there must be a double Jforce-pump at his heart. From his . own account it would appear that 5f his immer aionin the water had been much longer, the circulation-would not have been- ^affected, for he says he was really as warm when he came outofrthe wateras when he went in. There ' : . fore it seems an estabUshed fact that at this , time of the year, at any rate, he can swim __ ,,;-as.slQng:.jas he retains -the physical power ?ot moving his, -^ limbs. On Thursday Captain Webb returned to JJover,, where he net with a most 'enthusIaBtic reception. On Saturday he hastened off to. Ironbridge, Shropshire, where his father practises, as a surgeon; and where, of course, he got a most cordial zeeeption as 'the champion swinurer *; of thewprld.^ Here he- rested for a few days, for though Ms health is unimpaired, the gal lant swimmer is suffering from staff neck and painat the back of the neck, owing to his long -exposure to the seawater. - The great feat has produced a profound impression throughout . ' England. On all. sides there have been sugges » tlons for atestimoniaL A Committee has been formed, vf 1,000 at least has already been sub scribed, s which I daresay will ere long be -quin- tupled, and certainly it will be well deserved. Captain Webb, who is. a stalwart, well 7 developed man, in his 26fch year, appeared at tloyds. on Wednesday, and. at the Covent . jGarden concert, in the evening.: The under-, ' writers in the one place were as ^mreserved In , Jheir demonstrations as the audience in the : \\\ 'other.' ? ' ', ; ? ' -' .' ?'?:... I SEWS OP THE AECHO SHIPS. — THEIB ABEIVAIi ,-?? . -. '-'? nr diboo bay. ; -. ' 'A Jew a days ago H.M.S. ValorouB, which \- ' - acoompanled the two ships of the arctic expedi tion, the Alert and the Discovery, with coals i and other stores, arrived at Plymouth with a : ^ull mafl— the last that will, perhaps, be re ; caived from the gallant hand for two or more : yiaaxs. The expedition, it will be remembered, left: Portemouth; at the eni «f May with the cordial, wishes of the British nation for its safe return and entire success. The Dotty Telegraph gives the : following lively tummary, contained in the letters published from its correspondent with, the expedition :— The gloomy regions' of the 37orth, it will be seen, gave our vessels an early taste of -the rough wbrk^awaiting them.' They, had hardly quitted' Bantry Bay for the open Atlantic before violent sates of wind drove ? the three consorts, apart, and for more than a fortnight they were : .scattered hither and \- ? thither $y cyclonic blasts, which - did some damage to the beats, and carried away much gear on board the Alert. Green seas rolled over thelast-named ship forwardand aft, and the crew .: -passed a trying time, battened -down and half * stifled for freh air ; but so little did the 'hard , :. weather spoil their temper that our correspon dent tells us how he saw the naturalist of the .Atert; eompjacentty, fishing in -the seawater ; which had entered- his cabin for what he -took' . «s new. marine organisms, though they turned . out to be; only the grains of . maize washed out -.. «f ihe poultry coops wherein all the unfortn ; Hate «ooks and hens had been drowned. On the 27th of Jnne, the weather having somewhat stended, ice was seen drifting jsound from the ^ .east coast «of Greenland, bjrOape Fare well ; *nd lit is very characteristic again to hear that *' it gladdened everybody's heart.J' Here was ''the «nemyHatlaatinsight^-thebeautifu% fantastic, \ flittering yanguard -.of that great -army of bergs . . fand floes ifhrough endless miles 4of which the . qtosg of 8t. George must be carried to win ; viotory; and our ^correspondent relates with «hat joyous energy the officer of the watch ran his iron-beund stem upon the first mass, of ice which wlvanced *t»~o9Eer battle, and also how the good ship easily vanquished the foe. This was all mere skirmishing, of course, the charging at the drift ice outside the Greenland seas; the real tug of war will be something very different when the Alert and Discovery' fight their way, through Melville Bay and the North Water-^br rather we should say it has been, for our. two exploring ships are now far up the dreary passage, and know the thud of hummocky ice^upon their bows as well as a Thames barge knows :the feel of mud. . ? On the 28th of June the Alert sighted Cape Desolation— which Froblnher first : christened 'Charing Cross,'1 doubtleBB on 'the a noil lucendo principle — and, running Up the coast through Davis' Straits -from that terrible but picturesque headland of the World of Winter, they made Godhayen on the 6th' July, and rejoined their consorts, who had experienced tha same violent weather. In the landlocked Bay. of Disco all was peace again. The huge white icebergs were fl iatiug on a shining sea; the dark cliffs of basalt and gneiss and amygda loid were carpeted with the brief jsolors of the Arctic flora, and men and .ships got into good order -again. Our correspondent - describes the festive proceedings which alternated with the. hard work of coaling and filling up stores at this island, and the wonderful scenery, of the shores and waters thereabouts. Here the Valorous transhipped her fuel to the two exploring . vessels, raising their stores to about two hundred tons apiece, and loading them up to the decks with surplus provisions. Here, too, they took in their complement of dogs for the sledging, with native drivers, a whale net, some extra coal from the Disco shale beds, and, moreover, Baot enough 'loomies' for two days' fresh meat 'all round the fleet. Very striking are the pictures drawn by our correspondent's skilful hand of this far off settlement, especially that one in 'which he Jescribes how the Valorous -was ieen aoDroach ing under the dark blue arch of a prodigious iceberg against the background of a sky which; might have *bisen 'Italian but for . the drifting ' ice-packs and the glaciers hanging on the main land. The time, however, came for the home ward 'bounds to ^part froin those seeking the land which no eye 'has seen, the farthest point of. earth.- On the 17th of July; the Valorous bade good-bye to the Alert andDIs- . coveryi~pulitingthem in '^eWaigat, a strait which runs behind Disco island on the way from Bitenbenk to TTpernavik.' The last-named spot was the next destination of the explorers, but the Valorous, haviiig -ballasted' SHd filled' with Disco coal, was to come home, sounding on her way. ' The' story of ithe, farewell 'is very interesting. The Valorous .signalled 'A safe and speedy return ;' the departing vessels noisted - ' Tnants,' and atterwards tne Alert made 'Beat' to windward j' upon which, on a sadden, an Arctic fog rolled down like a de scending veil, and shut the noble ships from sight. *' Beat to windwa d,' the Alert's signal to the Discovery, is the very last sign or token we have from them; and to a sailor's ear it will be an expresdve one; suggesting long and difficolt stretches. across that lonely sea, ever the tee-thronged' waves of which they have thus-passed for many ; a long day from light and knowledge. The' Valorous had, however, 'her own troubles before her. 'Off HblBteinber^, south of Disco, 'she ran . upon a Submerged rock, and was in great danger for a while ; but her crew of young hands be haved excellently well, and the good luck which gave her a rising tide saved the vessel. She leaVed a little, nevertheless, all the way home, 'and it was no doubt a mistake to send a paddle steamer at all upon such a voyage, for both off the Greenland capes and in the Waigat Captain Jones was sorely exercised for the safety of his side wheels among the drifting floes. . : . Our Correspondent explains, from the best possible sources of information, what the Alert and Discovery will try to do. They would ha-*e ' all August and the first part of ; September for pushing along T^p the North Water and Smith's Soun3? and, from the accounts of the Eskimos, - the season, though bad to the southward, will be better farther.Tip.' The state of the drift ice and the outlook generally 'was thought to ?promise well, and the sister-ships, after touch-, ing at Upernavik, where they would anchor before the. end of July, have by this jHme, we may hope, got well into the Sound.. ' The Dis covery will be .: content if she ican: piolc up a good in 'shore berth. as high as 82 deg., the Aleri hopes to go forward to about 84 deg., ; and then the winter will overtake them ; the long and .dark , Arottc winter. ; We are a^ad to know that Captain Wares intends to stick to the coast-line. With land ' inboard' the sledges can effect 'good work while the vessels can be safely housed, but once let them be caught in mid-channel by the driving-pack, and they may go down to Baffin's Bay again, or even farther. While the shore beyond Kane's Basin and Kennedy Channel trends northward he will push along If, but when it bends westward he will look out for a snug berth, and turn in for the winter. With April will, come the sledging, and upon this largely depends the success of the expedition. ? If, all goes; well, ? our gallant countrymen may be with us again next autumn;; if the task is tougher than they expect, or accidents occur, they may need to, pass the winter of 1876 also in the daftness and fierce cold of the Polar World.; Bp t they will leave, as they pass up, messages of their, progress at various points perfectly well agreed upon, and some of these will be brought, doubt less, by the Pandora— others by the 'relief ship which will be dispatchea, if neceBiary, In 1877. The experience of the Valorous proves what risks abound even in the' icy Beas nearest home ; . but such dangers will be multiplied indefinitely in the far-off waters where our vessels are now on the point of .being frozen in for .the winter. Yet we may be sure that all perils whatever will be met by skilful heads, and stout, un flinching heartB; and, with every reason for proud and happy hopes, ^England may think: of those under her lonely flags which the thick fog shut out from view in Waigat Straits,: as indomitably advancing while advance Is possible, to the conquest of the great secret of geography, and the chief prize of maritime adventure. , ,. . ? r ? HABVB8T PROSPJBOTS. The splendid weather of the last month has been highly favorable to the ingathering of the; harvest, and to the improvement of the damaged and beaten-down crops, though it could only partially repair' the injury caused by the ' con tinuous heavy rains of July.. It is probable that fey this time one half of the cereal crops in England will have been secured in the fairest possible condition. * -Various and vary ing estimates have been formed by experts as to the probable' yield, but all agree that' the wheat' crops will' be. under an average. Mr. James Caird, the well-known agriculturist thus gives the result of his experience in tie Times :— The best qualities of wheat and the beBt wheat countries are, this year, the most, deficient. In one trial of a heavy crop made forme, the proportion of tall to good wheat was' three times greater than last year. 'The soundest crops are on the western side of the country, from Somerset to Ayrshire. The discolored and defective run along the whole eastern seaboard, from Kent -to East Lothian, and include the principal wheat counties, and about five^sixths of the wheat area of the king dom. Such Is the result of my analysis of the careful returns from each county, /collected from practical men by the editor of the Jgri cultural Chzette, and as far as possible con firmed by personal -enquiry and observation. Under the double influence of deficient 'yield and diminished extent it will be prudent to reckon on a reduction in the total yield of 2,000,000 quartew, which is equivalent to ren dering us dependent on the foreigner for 6^ instead of 5§ months' consumption. At this time last year, with a large crop at home, and general abundance abroad, I ventured to name 453.^as the probable average price -of the year's crop, which was a reduction of nearly 25 per cent, from the previous four -years' avArage. -Tho -actual' average pftce Realised f«r crop 1874 has been 44s. 6d. But the wheat harvest'this year is nowhere abun- iant, and the best we can hope for it is that the surplus of last year in Western Europe may so make: up the supply as to prevent competition with us in the purchase of foreign wheat. 'We shall have to pay a 'higher pride for the comin? year, and me the wheat with greater economy ; for the low price undoubtedly led to largely increased consumption, both in the shape of bread and in the extensive use of the cheaper qualities of wheat in auostitution for other . articles as cattle food; In no other way could we have absorbed the vast supplies poured in upon us, as there does not appear to : remain any excessive quantity in farmers' hands or granary. The benefit to the' consumers in this country of a good harvest can now be definitely stated ' by ^the realised result of that of 1874. This Is the only country in which foreign corn can always meet with a market, and in a year -auoh.Tas the past -the abundance of ajl foreign countries found this the only outlet. The weight of foreign corn of every Mnd imported during the two last harvest years has varied extremely little, being d round numbers 4,500,000 tons and 4,609,000 tons respectively. The cost of this in 1873-4 was fifty-four millions sterling, and in .1874 5 forty-five millions ; the larger supply of the past . year thus costing about nine millions less than the somewhat larger import of the previous : year. To this difference must be added ai con siderable saving both in the quantity and prioa of foreign potatoes imported. When we add to that the saving in the cost of the home supply of corn, the total gain to the British ' consumer from- the fine harvest of 1874 cannot have been less than twenty millions sterling. Another high authority, Mr. Jas. Sanderson, says that in the majority of instances the yield of thrashed-out fields has been dieappointing. It will, he thinks, be some 18 percent, under the average. Barley is a full average orepL but *he quality is generally: Inferior , the. oat 'crop nearly an average ; and it may be expected that there will be an average yield- of sound potatoes, . '-?','. . ;*TBGB SUPPLY AMI 3PEICB OT MKAT. i This subject, which, even more than the wheat harvest, lias '?& practical, interest In Aus tralia, is beginning' to excite much public atten tion. A very recent report says :— 'Prices of, beef and mutton rule high, and store stock of, every description commands prices' greatly in advance of those of last year.?' -. .This is In spite of the prospect of a good supply o! animal food. The pastures are unusually luxuriant, the : root crops highly promising,, and although the: first yield of hay was', not Satisfactory, : the. second crop is a heavy ^ ^. yield.. ' But' the jfoot and-mouth -disease is very prevalent among ; our flocks and herds throughput . England, and: .partially . so in ^ Ireland, - which I has Hflually enjoyed immunity from cattle diseases; In Dorset it is Btated .that 11,573-animals are suffering from foot-and-month disease, 'Includ ing 5,425 sheep around poroheater, and the accounts from other districts show that; the disease is spreading far and wide.' It is alleged that the absence 'of any proper superintendence of the marketsin many places is one of the chief causes of. this epread of. contagion. The Privy. Council are meeting the emergency not by en forcing rigid inspection at liome, but by using all the powers 'they- possess for cheoking foreign Importations. Thus, If a cargo of 500 sheep, comes' to Deptford or Harwich, . and one or two .jure found: to be diseased, the entire Hook is ordered to : be slaughtered. This plan ?entails a 'very serious loss to importers, who declare that if, it be persisted in the traffic will be extinguished., This isonepf the chief causes of the advance in the price of meat at the Metro politan Cattle Market, which is very largely dependent; upon foreign supplies. That the prices of meat dnring the coming winter will rule high— higher, perhaps, than they have yet attained— hardly admits of a doubt. We have recently had one or two cattle importations' from. .New ybrk, and '. are promised supplies from Texas. But such attempts have been made b&f; ore. The supply of meat- in England is never equal to the grow ing demand; but it does not appear that the Australian tinned nieat grows in popular favor as, it ought to do— one reason being the quantity' .of .spurious stufli that gets into the market and deepens the already strong prejudice against the cooked animal food from the Anti podes. It .still holds* good that Australian meat is '..more popular anjong the 'middle classes titan the working' classes well to db^ Families consume it in varying proportlonB, but it is rare that their servant^ can , be induced' to do so, however good the Quality and palat ?able the contents of the tins. It seems that there has.been a considerable rise In Australian meat, and a good deal of enquiry {as. yolit marltet report will sliow). Writing on this subject, *' Anglo- Australian,' says, in the European Mail :— ' Owing to the prevalence of the foot-and-mouth disease, fresh .meat has reached a price at which Australian tinned meats ought to be Imported at, a very fair profit. Indeed, such Ib the dearth - of cattle and sheep, that I am told fresh meat will shortly be at starvation rates. In this case there is sure to be a large consumption of pre served meats. France is already a good cos- ' t'omer for this class ^ of food, and. I hear that Germany is about ^o invite contracts for the supply cf the army. The samples shown by Mr. Tallermas in the Vienna Exhibition, attracted so. much . attention that the Emperor himself went to see them, and to taste of them. He pronounced them to be excellent, , and I have no doubt that this circumstance is greatly in favor of a large ! consumption both in Ger many and Auitria.4 All this ought to re assure 'the- expprter, 'who, I undertand, has not been doing so well as could be wished. Hitherto. - the efforts which have' been, made to dispose of the. meat— or rather to getit into consumption—, have been of a tentative character. But though' this is bo, these efforts 'have shown the extent of the ^prejudice which iexljts against it, and that this prejudice is not of so potent a cha racter as Vto . seriously 'impede the 'progress of the trade. So far the exporter has had none of the trouble and expense of 'creating: a market,' but if his industry is to thrive to the extent of becaming fairly profitable, he must be prepared to support some central organiza tion for the popularising and sale of his goods. At present consignments, of Australian pre served goods are scattered here, there, and every where, whereas they .ought to ba offered in . seme central market, j at t as are the wheat and flour of South Australia. We have, a dead meat market on the site. of the old Smlthfield cattle market, and why not a preserved meat market In Bpme. central position where the trade could attend periodically to make their purchases ? The advantage of some such system : as this must commend itself to all who are in terested in the growth of the preserved meat trade. . In this way 'we should have the pro ducts of Australia and: New ISaaland, Texas and South America offered under, the same' roof, and the reports upon the competition thus in duced would be valuable to all concerned. BUaHXSO OF THE ATJKOEA, ADELAIDE SHIP. ' ? News was received in London, on August 19, of the bunicg of the splendid ship Aurora, Captain Adam Johnston, belonging to Messrs. Anderson, Anderson, & Co., of 1, Biliter Court, London. We are glad to state that every person was saved and taken on board the ship Mel merby, 1,500 tons register, belonging to Messrs. Boss & Co. , of Liverpool,; and that they have arrived home.- The Aurora was a new ship', built only last year, -and sailed on her first voyage December 7 last from Plymouth. She was 1,772 tons register, and as a specimen of naval architecture she was perfeot both in- out line and -appointments. -She was built by Messrs. Bobert Steele & Co., Greenock, was an iron vessel with elliptic stern; fitted throughout with teak, Al classed at Lloyd's, and a sister ship to the Hesperus, owned also by Messrs. Anderson. She sailed from Port Adelaide on her return voyage on May 6 last, asd carried a crew numbering 46, captain, three officers, and a surgeon; in addition to these the Aurora had on board -at the, time of the disaster the following passengers : — Saloon — Mr. Erank Stokes, Mr. Kield, Messrs. H. and N. Field, Mrs. Alexander, Kev. C. Manthorpe, Mrs. Hitussen, Miss Haussen, Mr, F. EL Aok royd, Rev. W. E. Bottrill, Dr. Strehz. and Mr. MpAlIum. Second cisiss — Mr. apd Mis. Jocey and five children, Mrs. .Von Einem and Miss Aurora Von Kinefn, Mr. and Mrs.' Anderson 'and' five children,' Mrs. Peters, 1 Mr. Robert Kirk, Mr. Mottram, Mrs. Cottrell apd three children; Master H. Wedemeyer. She also had on beard the following, cargo :— 1,632 bales, of wool; 42 bags of wool, 9 092 bags of wheat and 20L tanks of wheat, 1,060 bags of flour, 6.967 bags ,«f ground baifk and 13 tana of chopped bark, 17 bales of leather and skina and seven casks of skins, 27 casks of pelts, 39 bales gluepieeas, two bales' of basils, five bales of clippings, one tank of tallow and 225 casks of tallow, 33 packages of wax and 'grim, 26 packages of sundries, six tons of b6nes, horns, and hoofs, and 83 casks of wine.; The following account is taken from *fc?-»ptafo's report of the disaster -—August 8, 1875, lat. 39° N.,long. 39° W,, at Up.m!; dense volumes of smoke were observed issuing from the foremost ventilators, had them covered up close;: as the heat in th? fore- cabin was very greaj and the deck quite warm, concluded that the fire waB under it; had three hbles cut in the deck, for the fire hoies, and pumped water down as fast as possible.. August 9, at 3 a, in., as the smoke had quite disappeartd and the decks were quite cool, it was supposed that the fire had been got under; notwith standing water was pumped down until8a:m. The Jore hateh was then taken off and cargo broken out as far aft as the after part of the fore tigging to try to get at the position of the fire when everything so far appeared to be perfectly cooL At 11 a.m. thick smoke com menced coming up after hatch. Thinking the fire to be serious, the ship Melmerby was signalled for her to take the passengers, when she at once bore down, and they were all safely on board by 3 p.m. The fire kept increasing, and by 3.45 p.m. the ship was in flames on port side, and about 15 minutes after the fore and main masts fell over on the starboard side, the ship was abandoned at 5.30 p m., and by 6.30 p.m. all the crew were safely taken on board the Melmerby. The .passengers and crew lost all their effeots, with a few exceptions. -. THBAKNEXAnONOrNEWGOTNEA. 'Anglo-Australian' writes as follows in the European Mail i—* The action taken by Kew South Wales, South Australia, and Queens land in the matter of New GulHea is just what might have been expected, the tenor of Lord Carnarvon's reply to the deputation considered , and it shows that the colonies concerned are folly alive to the importance of -bringing that : territory under the British flag. The prompti tude with which this view has been expressed, has given great satisfaction to the supporters ,of the scheme' on this side, and^U in good time will take another opportunity of . waiting upon Lord Carnarvon with the object of learning his views in regard to the petitions which have been sent home from the colonies upon the sub ject. 'The suggestion, said to hive emanated from Mr. Parkes, of permitting an Australian company, : under charter from the Imperial Government, to colonise the eastern side of New 'Guinea; has, bjbeh discussed here in influential quarters, ' and it is thought that the day for 'granting ouaners nas gone oy. xr, xaereiore,. the islands are to be opened up— as they un doubtedly will be— the initial steps will, have to : 'be ; undertaken by -some enterprising colonists. Let some seven or eight hundred; British subjects demonstrate that there Is a living to be got there, and they will not have to wait long for annexation and a British Governor. It may not be in the power of either the home, or the colonial Governments to grant any funds for this purpose, but while this is so, it is believed that neither would concern themselves to put a veto upon such a step if all its rinks and perils were undertaken by private enter prise. Andjthls IE what it will come to 1 our plucky aid courageous colonists will have to do the work, and then .the British Government , wjUfltep in with a constitution for their pro teotton. We are all anxiously waiting for news of the Macleay exploring party, as much will depend upon this result of tbiB expedition. Should the expedition be received in a friendly way, and should the natives evince any disposi tion to trade, the eooner annexation takes place arid a settled form of government is established the'*better. The i experiences .of Fijloughtnot tobe repeated. We all knowrhow that colony became ^colonised,' and howit degenerated into aMridof Alsatla of the South. It is -therefore very undesirable that New Guinea should be sub jebted to raids of thatsorfc The subject, as I have already said, is occupying a good deal of attention both here and in America; and It is on the cirds that Nc|ir Guinea mar be cobntsed in awayliardly dreamt of by Captain Moresby and'Mr.-Michie whenthsy gave to the world, such glowing account's of the place. Already 'The New Guinea land, Trading, and Ooloniff ing Company (Eiaiitea),' has been registered, arid steps are being taken to carry out the ob jects of ithe Goiniipany. What those objects are I have nbvery definite means of judging at pre *sent. I hear, however, that if the proposed Company should be established, it will seek to Secure an advantageous harbor in a salubrious position, where it will erect a fortified pamp, and storehouses for trading purposes. This done, the Company will negotiate with the natives for the purchased lands, and divide, the same under certain rules arid regulations amongst the colonists. Then this land is to be cleared, and planted with coffee, sugar cane, cotton, and cereals, the seed teing supplied to the colonists by the Company. It is considered that 200 volunteers will suffice to carry out the initial experiment. I hear, too, that only such volunteers will be accented for this expedition who desire arid agree to become resident colo nists, and' that they will receive no pay. Rations, however, are to be served out to every manbytheieader of the expedition as long as in his opinion it maybe necessary to do so, or, in other words, until t^e land becomes re productive. Pne of the £.st things to be done will be to erect a Church, arid a temporary transport steamer arid a permanent gunboat' are t? be the only vessels employed in the expedition. The object of sending out a gun boat is that the leader of the party may at all times have an efficient ferae of disciplined' men at his command, not only for the protection of the whole community, but also for the due maintenance of order in the colony itself. This is necessarily but a brief outline or the scheme, but so far as it goes, T believe it to be in accord ance with the plans laid down ; but whether those plans will ever be matured is more than I can tell yon at present. Anyway, the scheme shows that there are thoBe in - London who are not slow to appreciate the value of New Guinea , from a trading, if not from a political, point of view, arid I -simply refer to it, .without com ment, in pretty much the same terms in whioh the information was. conveyed to me. DB. DOLLINGEB AKD THE TOIOK OF CHTJB0HB3. , The International Conference of the friends of Christian ' Church Union were opened at . Bonn on August 12. Upwards of 30 prominent clergymen of the English arid American Churches were present. Dr. Dollinger inau gurated the proceedings with a discourse lasting an hour upon the connection' of the dogmatic controversy between the Greek and Latin Churches -with the whole development, of eo oleslastical history. , . The Conference afterwards proceeded to consider. the points of discuasion between the Old Catholic and Eastern Churches. This debate was. carried; on, under the guidance of Dr. Dollinger, and ,^he i 'ducussion was ex tended to the scheme drawn up by the latter for confederation and intercommunion. At the afternoon Mtting the proceedings were con ducted ? in ' the English ' language, as r the Eastern ~ delegates, by previous . agreement,; were' not present. Dr. Dollinger' read along letter ; from Dr. Harold Brown, Bishop of Winohester, cencerning the yalidily of English ordination, which led to a discussion ripen this question. An. account, was then read to the Conference of the negotiations conducted up to the present with the Eastern Churches concern ing the procession of the Holy Ghost. An exposition pf this question has been delivered to the Eastern delegates. On August 13 Dr. Dollinger made a report upon the great changes which the Vatican decrees have brought about in the relations between the Church of Boine and other Ohu ches. A discussion then arose upon ? the question of the procession of the Holy Ghost Bishop Beinkens was the chief speaker on . the German side, .and MM. DarualaB, -Khoissis, Osslnin, and Janysohew spoke on part of the Eastern Churches. Ulti matfly Dr, Dollinger stated that three-fourths of the members b? the Conference were agreed, and on his motion it was resolved to instruct a Committee to draw np a formula which will give expression to:the joint. convictions of tbosej present. The Committee was appointed, and is composed of two Old Catholics, two. Orientals, an Englishman; and an American. The result Is. that the Committee have agreed, upon the ' doctrine of the procession of' the Holy Ghost in all essentl d points. The communication of this face by Dr. Dollinger was joyfully received by the Cenferrerioe. The final sitting was held on August 16. Before the Conference broke up (16th inst.), Dr. DolUrigeri made a very strong speech against the! doctrine of Purgatory. He said It was onkriown until the time of Gregory the Great. Before that, the only belief had been that the soul passed through a period of purgation, in which prayer on earth wu an assistance to it, *ut Gregory added the idea of actual fire. This idea was enlarged by the schoolmen in order to circulate the doctrine of Indulgence, sometimes for a few sins, at ether times for all; until at last, under Plus V., anybody 'could carry his in dulgence about' in his pocket, round his neck,, or in his button-hole.'' The Old Catholics were not favorable to purgatory; as he wished the Oriental churches to ' see'. ~ This, is, we believe (says the Spectator), quite a new de velopment of Old OatholidsHi, and will tend to separate It still further from Romanism in the public eyes. No debate appears to have been taken upon the subject, and indeed there was nothing to debate about, the Greeks be lieving, as Dr. Dollinger now believes, and the English High Churchman, we suppose, accept ing much the same view. The latter, how ever, did not get their Orders formally recognised, except by Dr. Dollinger — the Greeks 'being prejudiced by imperfect infor mation.' Commenting on the proceedings of the Con ference, the Times says: — 'So far, the Con ference invites 'no sterner censure than that whioh is merited by an organised waste of time. But the truth is that in England it will do harm if it should do any thing at all. The Bishop of Winchester and Canon [Llddon give mischievous' counsel when they invite their countrymen to seek for 'the reunification of Christianity' in the Old Catholic Conference at Bonn. If charity should begin at home,- se should peace. The English' friends of the Old Catholics will find ample room -for their pacifying' spirit in their own country. Our own-Established Church is not specially famed -for harmony of doctrine7 or of deed. When we have been forced ti- pass a special Act of] Parliament to prevent the olergy from defy ing the law, when one section of them is engaged in proseouting another, and when nothing keeps them in- tho same communion but the secular forces of the Establishment, there is surely a magnificent field for the exercise .even of a genius for conciliation. Would it not -be well for the Bishop of Lincoln, the Bishop of Win chester, and Canon IMdori to try whether they can frame some terms of peace between High Chuieh, LowChurch, and Broad; between Churoh arid Dusent, so that all these bodies might do their common work in a spirit which would not bean -absolute satire on the Gospel of Peace? This question will read like the' bitterest irony. Those eminent dignitaries may reply that they find themselves more la unison with such; theologians as Dr. Dollinger — Korean Catholics in all save one particular — than with many of their brethren in the English Church, or with' their Nonconformist; fellowcountry men. If so, it is welLthat so important a fact should be made clear to the people of -England, for it may have grave practical consequences. But, whether religious conciliation be p »sible or not at heme, it is desirable at least that nothing should be done to BtreDgthen cur pre sent war of intolerance ; and yet such pro mise! to be the effect of coquetting with the Old Oathollos. The ' divines who seek for Christian unity at -Bonn -are the very men who exasperate -Dissenters' by 'such insults as the denial of the term '* reverend' to Wesleyan ministers, and their less responsible followers will scarcely join Nonconformist clergymen in ; doing even the neutral work 06 ' religion. The more strenuously they look for. such unity as that which is advocated by Dr; Dollinger; the more will- they tend to cast their Dissenting countrymen beyond the pale of Christian fellowship) and quicken sectarian hate. It Would be an evil -day 'for this country if any large pbrtionof tne clergy were to. be deluded Into a pursuit of such a theological wille'the wisp as the Old Catholic movement, for they would only add to the religions discords at home and they would find that on theGonti ?jiBnt they could secure at the'best a phantom ;uBlty.4' - ; ;-\ ,; '. ; . '\ /;'. 