(From lite Brisbane Courier.) London, Soptomber 17. Tho Standard, in a leading article, comments unfavorably on tho financial statcmoiit recently made by tho Colonial Treasurer in tho Legisla tive Assembly of Victoria, and drawa coimmri- son botween tho tariff of thut colony nnd of New South Wales. Letters from Right Hon. "W. E. Gladstone and other statesmen, acknowledging tho receipt of Mr. Roid's pamphlet, on froo trade in tlio Australian colonies, ileploro tho growth of pro tectionist views in Australiu. HALny, September 20. Mr. Harry IC. Shaw, on a visit to Knrrawa Station, was drowned yesterday morning a fow minutes beforo 8 o'clock, in tho lugoon, ivhilo bathing. lie went by himself from tho station and got into .a boat, and, when ill the contra of tlio wnterhole, strippod and plunged into tho water, swimming about for some time, but in the mcntiwliilo the boat hud drifted away into somo weeds; ' Mr. Shaw sivam towards tho bont, nnd when approaching it, was hoard by a boy on tho bank who was looking on, to ory out for assistnnco; tho lud saw hitu go down shortly afterwards. Mr. Snb-Inspcctor Judge, who lmpponod to eall at tlio station, heard of tlio ooouroncc, and after Bonrching for three-quarters of un hour, found tho body. Au enquiry into tlio oanso of Mr. Shaw's death was held yesterday, nt Cecil Plains, bo- foro Mr. James Taylor. Melbourne, Soptomber 29. A special train left on Saturday with tho Hon. John Robertson, Mr. A. 'P. Jennings, Madame Ristori, and a largo party, and visited Geolong, Bullurnt, Climos, aud Cnstlomaino, running a distnnco of 255 miles in 0 hours. Mr. Robert son roturns overland to Sydney on Friday. A man named Ootavius Mottoram lias boon found guilty of inducing tho Rev. Mr. O'Snlli- vnn to pevfurm a mrirringo ceremony illegally, ' ' anil has beon remriridod for sotitoucb. ' Home advicos report that, at a meeting of tho Telegraph Construction Company, tho ohuirmnn stated that tlio length of tho eablo from Sydney to tlio coast of Now Zealund would' bo 1389 miles, and that its manufacture would oinploy tho works of tho company for tlio roinuindor of tlio year. Theatre Royal. — Tho altemlnnco lust night proved, thnt notwithstanding tho counter at traction of tho Ilibornioon, at, tho Sohool of 'Arts, thonublio nro not to bo'tnrrinil frnm ill nil- allegiance' to Mudumo Corn,' who,- wo rogrot to say, bids us faruwull in a fow driys, as wo' uuderetand slto loaves Rookhnmpton for tho South by, next Tuesday'p; steamer. : Tho. know ledge of this faot will, no doubt, induoo those who liavo not boon nblo to visit tlio thontro to do .so at tiiioo, otliorwiso thoy will lose a treut of no ordinnry charaotor, us well as thoir chances of "valuable prizes, whioli rirb; distributed with a liborality and profusion wliioh must rnuko vory heavy inroads upon tlie.profits of tlio entertain ment. ... , , ! . . : ; (Tiie SorioOL or Arts;— " A plague oil both ,your liqusoa,!' ,say..th"ol'puhlio— ivp' wai-it'to (jo' to. both : but wo submit neither houso has muqh , tecomplninofjnsboth jwore'wiju, attended. last' night. ' AYp phsbryb 'that' Mr. CliaHos'Yprnor,, tho: popular Irish comedian,..- takes' his bonofit to-night, 'and wo-liavo no doubt that- as an " Ii'ishmun all in his'glory is thorb" bo will have lots of his aountrymon to' koop -him in ebiin- teimiico. Tlio company, wo undorstniid, loavo by tlio Blaok S wail for tho. north to-morr-iw morning, whioh will no dbiibt qiiick'ou . tho inovomonts of thoso' who' have1 delayed tlioir visits to tho Sohool of Arts. OnntANS and Trustees.— In our issuo of IV odncsdny wo had somo romark's in roforonco to n roport tlint a siokly child, not nino years of u'go, of tho naino .of Emniott, had been romoved froni tlio Orplmnago on thoqi'dor of ono of tho trustees ' of that iiistittiiion, nnd boon hitndad ovor to tho tender moroios of n bullock drivor, a.jyim Umqn hE.way tp TamliD.,witliAiiB> "iiow"' miisteri Tlio "ohild iri'qubatioii.js not, ns stated, ; 'f .ton ' yq'ars old," '. nndCwiisl'i/ortniiil/ " takon with tho ti'iistqo's oonsont,1.' . wliioh is -nnbthepn way/of" putting7" by liis ofdai."' 1'fjio' elder abUdron,,p|lteiOrpnungp;l wo'ro told by our flontomporary, V. aro . of oourso altowod to leavo tho Orphnnngo - whon suitablo persons pan bo fouud to tako pare of tliom;" Sotlion' bullock drivers' riro siiitahlo porsons, lmt housekeepers' nro not. "Both parents," says our -contemporary,.'.1 are alivo, arid ono oE thorn is said to havo takon -umbrago a tho do. partiiro of tho child." ..IIow uimiitaraU Tho poor 'woman is suddenly bereft of hor child; who is taken away by a man (on a trusteols ordor) of whom slio ..knows notliing, to Tamho or some othor out of the way plaoo, and slio notually " takos unihrago nt it I" Again, wo'ro told " if permits will not do their duty it is not fuirjthoir innintoimuoo should ho thrown lipoii tho Stato," but in this inst.auco their main-, tninnnco was not thrown on tho Stato, for Mrs, Einmott paid for hor child's kcop up to' November tlio 28th to , tho Orphanage as well as olotliod him. Surely slio should havo boon cbnsuUod in tlio disposal of hor ohild —a siokly wonlc hoy, whoso, norvous. system has nover reoovorbd tlio shook iiifiiotod on it by tho attempt mudo on its- life, tho. particulars of whioh liiust yet borifo in tlio-'publio mind. Fruit Trees and Plants,— Wo observe by- adrcrtiscinout that Sir. F. Nobbs will hold- a clcnring-out'.snlb of fruit trees! .'nnd shrubs, in cluding n liuhilior of 'tho famous soupperiiong vino, nt his Auotiou Mart,, Eas:-stroot, this moruiiig. ' . .. , Tub Deep-wateb Whahe,— Thoro still re mains a gopddeulof work to ho' dono beforo tho nbovo-inontionod strnoturo oun bo utilisod. Tlio earth from tlio cutting ia nearly all ro- tnovod, and somo rough stonework in tho slmpo of n dry stono wall is being done to protcot tlio bank ' oil oithor Bidoj which would oavo in otliorwiso in wot woatlior, and tho bank abovo tho wall is being out to a slopo which will seouro it. Thcro still remains the formation of " o«w,» «»»» '» »»J w iv uiiu ii| utl bliu It 1IH1 1 113UU to bo done, tind this will.' tako boyond tho pre sent month, to nil uppoaratioes,;to eomplole. It would," wo Bhould think, jbo well to push tliis work forward ivitli all speed to provont tho oliaiiccs of being orqrtukpn with . wot. weather nud bad roads, a possibility .whioli would toad to incronso tlio cost of its construction'. Can yru Cook f— This is not a trifling ques tion. Soyer's nrt is by no means -universally understood; lionoo comes bad cuisine, and many gastronomic hoirors. Everyone — ladies not excepted — should bo nblo to roast a log of mntton aud boil n potato, and elasso- for tlio diffusion of tliis accomplishment nro being es tablished in Melbourne. Proficients, aftor taking tlio prescribed scries of lessons, will bo certificated; and in this wuy- tliero will boa regular supply of , professional cooks. But tho oourso will bo modified to suit privato require ments. Mrs. A' Bonkett writes—" No indivi dual certificate of competency enn bo given unless the wholo course bo conscientiously at tended ; but it is felt that in this oolony many young people liavo from sheer necessity (owing to tho scarcity of competent servants) heon compelled to -understand something of practical , cookery, and consequently, need perhaps in struction only in somo particular bruiioh of tlio-1 art." Tho Argus l-einnvks— " AVo trust to sco these classes taken ndvunlngo of by nil sofls and conditions of womoa and girls. Somo would find in them useful amusomont, nud others tlio businoss of tlioir lives; hut all might remember tlint knowlcdgo is power — powor iu this instance sometimes to innkc homo comfortable — and that tlio possession of un acquirement doos not uccossitnto its constant exereiso. In many oases tho conking faculty might bo udvuutngconsly kept in l-esorve, but novortholoss tho ability is a right womanly accomplishment, and one of wliioh all exports may feel proud." All this is true. Tliero must bo somo practical lmowlodgo in order to direct household affairs ; and wo bolicvo with Cobbott, thnt all young ladies should bo drilled in the kitchen as wall, us at tho piano. A "can do" is easily carried, and plnocs tlio possessor in moro advantageous position. Pudlic Baths.— AVitli tlio. daily increasing temperature wo aro continually boing reminded of tho groat want iu tho matter of bathing ao- oominodution. Boing of so muoli importance to tho publia from a sanitary point of view, it is a wonder that privato enterprise does not stop in to supply so crying a necessity, when the Corporation funds will not permit of tliom undertaking it, A suggestion, moro or less praotionl, has come beforo us with roforciico to the subjoct which wc linston to sot before ohr roudora, in hopo tluit it may provoko disous- sion, and loud to something being dono iu this direction. Tho suggestion is to utilise tho vnount and unsightly pipep of ground nt Blind Crook, hptween Quay-streot and tlio rivor bank by constructing- a l-osorvoir tliore, and oinplpy- ing steam nowor to fill and replenish it when necessary. In order to do this it would, in tho first place, bo noeossury to make a drainrn'tho bottom" of tlio. crook bed to carry away flood' waters from tho.tbwh, mid a.oonupotioii might afterwards bo lnaclo with thia froni tho baths above to ompty tlio rosorvoir at any time. Tlio ndvimtngcs of tho rite mentioned aro that but little excavation would bo onlled for to mako a swimming bath of largo sizo, and tho ground is at prosont lying wristo', lind uiiless utilised in some suoli way is very likely, to romniti ; so, much to tho dotrimont.of that, portion of tho town... Baths, if constructed, tln.ro, coiild". bo made on n level sufficiently high to' bo livailablo ' oven during flood time,- lis tho banks of tho orook in that locality woro not .-inundated ovon during the recent floods. No .doubt tho sito would labor under sovei-nl disadvantages, if applied for suoli a purposo, tho principal ouo boing tho distnnco from tlio centre of popula tion. Baths oentrally situated would bo mttoh moro popular) but tlio ditllonlty in suoh a oaso would bo to-got li suitablo pieoo of ground at n sufficiently moderate cost'to.provoko tho needed1 -onterpriso. AVliorc tho .old, swimming baths woro' moored ait the foot of DenliaiU-streot wiis a very -good1- situation for inpst' pooplo, but'.uu-, less a similar but more substantial .struoturo wns availablo. \vp, could, lutrdly lippo for baths "f tlio' kind mentioned so convenient, '.liio' !sparo pie'eo of grountlat the bnekpfriho-broak- i water is moro. oontrally .situated ami with pre- ,oautions ngaiiiBt tlio torrcuts of a iloodod rivor, .could also bo utilized for pocmanont. baths, bat coiisidcrablo'oiitlay would bo ueeessary to hiako thoin nt .ii' sufficiently 'high liver to bo 'ut ull' times -nvaihible. - Ho wevor, tho 'subjpiit' is of tho utmost importunoo to' tho towiii'ns iii this tropioal.climatp.it .sliopld: bo possiblo for nil people, old and yonug,, male' and, female, to enjoy a rofroslffng pliiugo at a moderate chargo,. and it would in no smull degree bo conduoivo to publio hcalthfulaoss and happiness. Mail Notioe.— Mails por Black Swau, s.b-> for Maokuy, will oloso at tho Post- ofileo as fol lows For , rogistorod letters at sir, and for ordinary lottors at oight p.m. Hiiunkennesh.— Ono drnuknrd oiuno beforo tho I'olico Magistrate yestordny morning, and pleading guilty, was cautioned nnd disohurgod. Deatii of. a Ballarat Millionaire. — Tho ' Mclbburno corrcapdndo'nt of tho Bioerine Gra- lyiites i—Air. Whiter,' ol Uqlliu-at. is "to.' '"Tlus'ifn»t'n vory' groat ovon't' eitiior- .ttio dontii of aiua|UQ|tillip ago of/7.0.yoars. But Mr. AViator lias toft behind hitn about n.milHon ;of monoy mado by his own oarofnl.indiistry and tomporaiioo. llo was n nntlvo of Caledonia, and lLycd>; numbor of yoars in tho city of Edin burgh, whoro he .folio wod tlio businoss of n but- oher, nud ivlionoc ho emigrated to Australia,' a number of years ngo. Ho began lifo with n suoro of Rheep, anil ninnngod to inoronso-his storo till ho was nblo to pnreliitBo a oonsidornblo amount iff land r.onr to tlio town of Bnllarat. Tho ilisuovory 'of gold enabled him to soil li soolion of laud for the sum of £23,000. Ho was a genial, brusque, and intclligout man, nnd carried wilh liini tho good opinions of a largo number of his acquaintances. His doath was vory sudden; lie having been attnekod by npo- ploxy, nud dying oru the members of his family wore Awaro of tlio fiipt. . Four Little AVaips. — A mother forsook hor child roil in Molbourno tlio other night. AVhon found, tho eldest', ugod nino yours, said hor unino wns Polly Kennedy,' and tliut hor , com panions woro ' lier brothorB and . sister— Lydin, aged seven yonrs ; Georgo, agod four ; nnd Frederiolc, aged two. She Said lier mother cntno with thoin from Timuru, Now Zealand, only six days ngo — that tlioy had sineo beon living in a right of way off Bourko-stroot, and that lior.mothor that night put thoin. into tlio watoli-housd yard, told thorn to stay tliero till sho brought a cab to onrry tliom homo, nnd wont away. Tho wntch-houso keeper took tho children in, and, .wrapping tliom in blankots, lot them go to sloop us comfortably ns they could. — Argus. " John's" Sketching Ability. — Tho Gee- long 'Adoertiser says that the officials in tho Lnuds Department in Melbourne woro Bomo- what nRtonished, a fow- days siucb, by a Ohinn- inan. Tlio Celestial wonl iuto tbo office wish ing to select a' piece of laud, but being totally unabla to spoak tho KnglislT language, they found great difficulty iu finding whioh allot ment lio roquirod. Aftor n groat deal of unin telligible talk, tho Chinaman motioned for pon nnd a picco of paper, wliioh woro given to him, nud ho nt on:e commenced drawing n plan of iiiu uuiiuiry, luarmng ine icncos, crocus, uua tue selected allotments for Bomo milos around, not forgottiug to mark distinctly tho pieoo ho wanted. Tlio skoteh was dono with such acou- raey that on the olork taking it to nnotlior de partment, tho pioce thut John " wnntod was found vory quickly, and- having goho, through the proscribed forms, lie went ou his way ro- joieing. The skotoii is now kopt ns n curiosity in the Dopnrtmeut." ' s. Another Flutter.— Tho JBallarat - Post status that tliero is Bomewlmt of a flutter among mombors of the Protestant Alliance Society owing to the fact that the grand see- rotary, Mr.' Jenkins, is for tiio prosont missing. The audit of ncco'uuts should havo taken placo rocontly, but tho individual in question hns not bcou socn sinco thu 21st ult., nud liis Humorous friends surmiHO thnt ho left Viotorin by tlio California mail stonmor. Ilo wns guaranteed for £200, and the premium on this policy wus duo about six weeks ago, but 'it is suspected tlint. the policy was permitted to lapso. , . ' 'No Swaqmen, — A groat change, says tho llallarat Star, seems to liavo takon placo in respcot of the. employment of labor ou tho stations in the AVcstorn district. During tlio 12 or 15 .years previous to the present season, it was usual at overy- Skiptou siieop show to sqo a vury largo number of swagnion, some of whom had oomo to . indulge in the feslivites of tlio groat merino carnival. Somotimos during ono show, ns much ns £30 liavo been rocoivod over tho bar counter for drink from this very liumblo class alouc. This year, how ever it wns remarked as most singular that not ono swngimm hnd put in nn npponrnuoo. Tho groat chango in this rospcot is thought to , ho attributable to tho eironmstnnoo that tlio sqnnl tors aro now getting as muuli ns possiblo of thoir station work performed by tiro sur rounding" cockatoos." About Coolies. — :Tho Courier's Singapore correspondent writes : — I soo that you havo a party among tho colonists who would endeavor to put a stop to Chinoso immigration. It will bo impossible to do so. But you will got tho croam of tho omigrants. I repeat tho warning I guvo you in my first letter of May last, not to oxpeot any largo influx of ooolios or laborers. Tlio doiuand for labor all over tho tropical world is so lurg e, aud tho supply to ho obtained f rein India is comparatively so small, thnt John Chiiinman is master of tho situation, llo wilt bccomo too expensive, that, is to Bay, ho will cost us much tis European labor. The domand for his services, or, as I should moro properly say, the opening for liiin is so good in tho Muluy- States, whoro ho Clin obtain work on shares— just what he desires — that oven tho attraction of a neighboring gold-fiold will bo insufficient to draw liiin away from tho ns pro fitable working of tho tin mines at Pcrak, Kiiing, and Laroot, or Mnlaoca. You will get plenty ; you will, iu all probability, bo overrun witli thousands of enterprising Celestials, who will innlco Northern Australia a Cliineso colony bringing little capital withthem in money, but plenty of it in hard work, sclf-doni U, and that oo-opcrntivo powor wliioh will muko thorn for- midublo fellows to contend with in the strugglo for wealth. But coolies, in tho old sonso of tho word, you will not got, simply for tlio reasons I havo statod; (From. Metropolitan and other Exchanges.) Last, mouth -102,000 fat. sheep orosscd .from Moama (Rivorinn) into Victoria. Tlio formation of a Humane Socioty hat boon proposod nt n mooting of tho Cruolty Prevent ion Society nt Sydrioy; Great niiqjbors of ,forgocl £5 notos of the Bank of Now. South AVulos are in oiroulation iuMolbourae. :. At Braid wood Ann Elizabeth Dnlo lias been finod £5 and costs, for benting her stop-daugh ter in a 'fearful manner with a broom' handle. : It is last aioht voiirs sinr-n t.hn (Cnrtli mV/1 Midalo Island (N.Z.) wei'O Jconnected by, tele graph. There woro 108 stations in the oolony at this en'diof last "year.'; '. . A young solicitor, named Levy, died in Auckland a fow days ago, and. a settler has de clared on oath at the time Levy diod in Auck land ho snw him', As. plainly ns' iu;' tlio flesh ' sitting in his hoiiso nt Hamilton. The Bottler) too, declares ho is not n beliovor in ghosts Tlio llcndigo Adoertis'er says tho suicidal mania is alarmingly onthe'iuoreaso iu thnt dis- .triot. Anpthor oaso occurred lost wook, n.man named -AViliian Ball,' n carponter, aged' 60 .having cut his throat.' 'Tho'sncido had been a -s'tnuuch tootdtullor for several yoars. 1 ' ' - ' Tho bark of tlie'nielaleii.'a, .or' bottlo-brusii, ' apparently Answors all' the piirposes'of ordinnry writing-paper. Ou spocimons forwarded by Mr. Hogg, .of Lako Ilindmnrsli, A'iutoria, to several ' lioiyspnppr ofilcas, insoribpil with:a few lines, tlio, writing is quito logibio, and perfoctly freo from blot or slur. ; , , . . . . Thc.iato.Yictoriuu Govornmont stated tliore woyo' . still .To,000;000 acres of'Crowu' lands in' 'Ihol oolouy- flt! for sottlcinont'. . Sir Jnmes' 'MoCulioeh states that there aro1 not raoro th'au 6,000,000 aoros. ' ' - :: 1 " , The Portland' Express lintr in its ppssiissiou a' pieoo of . siipcpskiu' drpss;.'d,. by . a piocess ro-- oPntly disoovcrPd by a geiitieuia.i jn that town. The wood ndhoros ilririly to tlio pelt, 'ivhilo tlio luathor itsolf is perfootly white, nnd so soft and pliable ns a kid glovo. The (olograph lino from South to AVcstorn Australia, will go from Port Augusta to Fowl er's Bay — iron polos to be usod" throughout. On tlio AVestern Australian end tho work hns beon Already oommoncod. Tho Bioerine Advertiser writes, " notwith standing that labor is dear and senreo, squit tvra iu- Rivor'tna - who- liavo bought largo por tions of tlioir runs nro trying to improvo tliom by ring-barking most of tho trees on limit freeholds. Jlr. Brown, of Tuppal, is about. to riiig-bui-k nbout i 7,000 acres." -- - Tlio corrcnpoiidoiit of tlio Dulbo Despatch, writing from Bdiirko on tlio1 22ud August, says tlml aiio lior person, a woman, lias been killed on board tlio Princess Royni stonmor. Tho shaft, whioli is unenclosed, nnd whioh rnns across the dock, bocnino attached to tho unhappy woman's' dross, dragging licr in its evolutions bnlwoon tlio planking nnd. itsolf. Both legs wore smashed, nnd wore amputated, ' death following thu operation. An Accident of a vory severe' elinrnotcr oc curred on Thursday night on tho railway, to n iunn named Daniel M'Mnrn, who .was iu tho not of crossing a viiiduot on tho railway nonr Biinduinba us tlio last Brisbnno train - was opmiiig along. Ho foil just iu front -of tho ongine, whioli wont ovor his log, outttng it off at tlio thigh. Tlio unfortunate man is a married man with a fuuiily, nial a resident of Ipswich, to tlio hospital in whioh town ho was at onco taken: — Telegraph. ; - Burnloy is agitated to" its contro. A gravo question of tho utmost importnnco is ferment ing iuitlio public mind. Tho question is— may a man stand up and out a two-penny pie in a pork butolier's Bliop P, Thoro. seonis to ho no doubt as to his sitting down. Ho may not do that unless tho pork "butcher ' lius au oxoiso license. But a pork butohor lias porsundod tho magistrate to say tlint, exoiso liaenso or no oxoiso lieonsc, ho may stand up, and tho oxcivo authorities aro going to fight tlio point in tho Stineri'or Courts, and -unto t.bn lip.l or /.n.l — Maitlanil Mercury. 