' Mr. Tyerman's Lecture on Spiritualism. j 2This lecture was delivered according t° vertisement, at the City Hall, on Tuesday erring last. There was not a large audience, ie chair was taken by Mr. Christie. t) .The Chairman, in a few remarks, intro hii ced the lecturer to the audience. ilvllt. Tyerhan said that he appeared before ''em tn investiiratB and lecture nnon the iuaracter and claims of Spiritualism. He was d:rfectly cognizant of the fact that it was con Biered by many an unpopular cause, and if ^ e subject had been upon the more congenial jrle, he, no doubt, would have had a large sjtendance ; but he trusted to make the lec Ure sufficiently- interesting to his hearers. Spiritualism was much misunderstood and Misrepresented. It was only in its infancy, iriving been in existence about twenty-five or 'vventy-six ye'ars, but in it its essence as old jjf the human race. It was the key to unlock the future, and no movement so rapidly in leased in numbers in any era of the world's history as Spiritualism. At the present day 'iste-are over twenty millions of converts, ;&(i inihe United States between ten and 'lilejen millions of 'Roman Catholics had be t^one. converts. In spite of the most strenu ,fC* opposition of the clergy and others who ^ blared it to be a thing of the devil and to -(?iware, and that Go j would banish it from ;'|!;e face of the earth, still it goes on like a ?aiighty torrent, conrincing thousands and tens til thousands of the truth of its teachings. ji!he Press, with a few humble exceptions, lave launched its invectives against it, and no jlui.se has had more powerful opposing forces &) contend against than Spiiicualism ; and yet 'j; has triumphed gloriously, spreading more .jiupidly and permeating society throughout the jorld. A belief in Spiritualism consisted in Khe commission of departed friends with (nose left behind on the earth, and is it not .^asb'nable that those who took an interest in -ejs on earth should still have the same interest -in us in another world ; and this they do by a ;v;ariety of methods, thus annihilating death. ^t'here were three questions to be asked with ^jiference to Spiritualism : — First, is it possi ',5e 1 secondly, is it probable 1 and thirdly, r^s it actually taken place? There was no Ae in the world had more confidence and felief in the 'oodneas of God to man than the lecturer had, and he argued from that good jjfcss that spirits were permitted to hold con suirse with their dear ones left on the enrth ; f'i? showed a most benevolent regard of our ^eavenly Father for man to permit inter '. pmrse with spirits from the other world. -rjjjeath made no change in man. Death is no V&ruole.; Man, is the same iu identity after xSath, with the same aspirations and feelings ja when upon earth,' bearing the samel form; ^ is merely a removal to another sphere of aliiistence. Is it not reasonable to suppose Hopat those who loved us on earth will love us 'SJfaen they have changed their existence here ' ??:{ heaven 1 Is it nol natural to consider that ''°ey avail themselves of the power to return .'' tho'eartb. to visit loved ones — to assure '^em that they are in a better world, and tell j'-i'em that they are waiting to give them' a ^'jjarty welcome in a better world 1 Is it to _ supposed that they will not want to come .-acki Are they content with praising God] lave their interests been diminished in the ^/ed ones left behind ? Reason scouts such g^surdity. Is it reasonable at all 1 Does ,fc-d wuut prayer and religious formu D-ii? Decidedly not. The man best proves _yS| love to God that is not only pious, jjgt ji lover of his fellow man, who takes 3t interest in His creatures, not only here but A&'eqfter. It is therefore more reasonable i^couclude that these spirits do return to , S-'th as guardian angela to their friends on j l|th. He (the Lecturer) did not want to go idany Heaven where he could not come back cflearth. The good must desire to come back, . -,Hili, if the good, why not the so-called bad? pj^there anything unreasonable in that the bad } i iS-uld como back to warn their friends of the tffaffies of life ? Spiritualism was necessary ?^ n the very limited and incomplete know Or Se ot- a future state that the world possesses. rme a Bible in that respect was most incomplete; ♦ibf re are onlv glimpses here and there ; and stoi ritualism alone furnishes the key that un o'sa C8 this mystery, and supplies the want so ^ * ? felt by the world, and this is proved from ^ 'gradual progression, of truth. Shall re ^7 on operate in the earth and not in the 3tl -t land .' Has there been progression from ere Adamic period, tbe Patriarchal period, the ' %aio period, tbe Apostolic jieriod? The e progression exists now as existed through -e periods. For four thousand years pro rjiion existed ; who is going to limit it .j^?' Does the Bible limit progression ? jl^tualism is the progressive movement of Itfiuli ' ate?, and its converts by tens of thous ^in place :!/ Some of its^features have '-C99 iu the 1-C*. past ; there are many in i ? What was tho appear ance of ? Moses and Elijah on the Mount ? Have not angels as men appeared on earth and eaten food ? : Are not the same things going to happen now 1 God is not going to stultify himself. What took place in the Gospels, took place naturally. Why not similar things by the same laws now? Notwithstanding the present religious churches, the praying, the tract delivery, the visiting, and all the other formula, what is the state of the world now ? Is it satisfactory 1 No! Look at the immorality, infidelity, materialism. The church is impotent, inef fectual; a better system is necessary. The lecturer here very forcibly and eloquently descanted upon the resurrection of the body, taking as his hypothesis that what God ef fected in past ages he could effect now. Spiritualism respects free thought, and Spirit ualism was the great necessity for supplying tbe wants and requirements which the Chris-, tian world failed to accomplish. The subject of the actuality of Spiritualism was then most forcibly discussed. Upon the proof of direct and presumptive testimony for a quarter of a century its claims have not been successfully disproved. Twenty years ago it was said that Spiritualism was only another nine-days' wonder ; the Press and the Pulpit waged their mightiest invectives against it ; and twenty years ago it was said that it was upon its last legs. Have they verified their predictions 1 After twenty-five years of close investigation — after challenging the scientific world, not a challenge has been taken up — has Spiritualism been discomfited 1 No. Thousands and tens of thousands of cases have vouehed for its truth, and it has come triumphantly through the searchinga of the liteifcti of the world; eve-witnesses have not proved its converts either impostors or deceivers. Wallace, the naturalist ; Crooks, the editor of the Scientific Quarterly Review; Professor de Morgan, Professor Hare, Professor Maith, Judge Jen ings, and a host of scientific, judicial; and political men have given their testimony to the truth and veracity of Spiritualism. It is not a matter of hearing, but proof positive of the sight, and a direct testimony for the world. Then there is the disinterested ness of those great and learned men who own to its claims, who have suffered in position and in personal loss for maintaining the truth of what they had so effectually developed. Business men and working men have also suffered loss in adher ing to their principles of this great pheno menon ; they have good grounds for what they affirm. Is it a concocted thing, when in Europe there are over fifty journals advo cating its plain truths, and in America one dozen journals ? Those who have no personal experience must accept of testimony, and such testimony as Spiritualism can give is as great, if not greater, than any|other cause that has been founded in the progress of ages. There are many manifestations by which the spirits of the other world manifest themselves to us in this world. The simplest is the table movement — nothing more than table rapping. The table does move by some intelligence, and that intelligence answers questions about de parted fiiends, relatives and others. He (the lecturer) doubted all this himself when he waB a preacher of the Gospel, and after careful and profound investigation, he was compelled, against his own prejudices, religion and in terests, to become a believer in an established fact. The Bible teaches the same thing. Was tiot the stone moved from the sepulchre by an angel or spirit 1 If that was done tlien, why not now ? Peter, in prison, was set at liberty, and the iron gates thrown open. Were the Davenport Brothers anything less miracu lous 1 With Peter the spirits actually broke chains, not cords. Why not now as then 1 [Several instances wore here recorded by the lecturer as having taken place.'] Then there is the impressional, the mechanical, and direct spiritual manifestations. With the impres sional the mind is acted upon while the me dium holds a pencil aud writes his messages. There is the mechanical, who holds a pencil while the hand is directed and the writing is unknown to the person who holds the pencil. Then there is the Afreet wherein the spirits themselves, without any hand, trace messages upon paper. There are scores of instances of these cases ; and all this is not done in tbe dark, but in broad daylight. The writing can be heard upon the paper, although no one is visible. Then there is transpeaking, which constitute organs by which spirits speak through. The Bible teaches all this. Was any person seen when the writing appeared upon the wall, traced by a hand at Belshazzar's feast. Daniel records it. As good a man as Daniel has vouched for the same thing in our day. Healing the sick is also accom plished by laying on of bands, by direct spirit agency. The Bible again teaohes this. A Read Mark xvi. [Here the lecturer went into a long dissertation upon the present followers of Christ not having the power to effect what Christ promised they should effect, showing that they were not the real descendants of Christ or his faithful re presentatives. Even the outpouring of the Holy Ghost, on the day of Pentecost, was no thing else but a large influxion of Spiritualism. Then we have spirit lights, or, as some of our opponents say, phosphoric lights, Hitting about rooms, taking the forms of bands, faces, and sotnetimesafull form. And surely the Christians have Bible authority for even this. I refer you to the light the angels saw at Christ's bap tism; 'to the light tbat St. Paul saw on his way to DaoiRSCus. There is again the pro vision, or foretelling of future events. Spirits also play on musical instruments. Look, for in stance, at Crook's wire cage, wherein was en closed an accordeon. Dr. ft. Chambers, then an unbeliever, asked the accordeon to play his father's|principal Scotch air. It did so. Dr. Chambers then asked the medium to play his father's principal English air. It did so. In the presence of such testimony, the Dr. could do nothing else but believe. We have also spirit voices — the. same voices as heard upon earth, and the Bible has numerous instances of this. There is also the full sRJiit farm manifested in the shape of this modern material form, tak ing the form of departed friends. Spirit pho tography is also another means and power of Spiritualism. Numerous instances are on re cord of medium photographers taking the por traits of departed friends and relatives. Men of nobility, of scientific attainments, and others of high standing in the literary world have at tested to this. Dr. Richardson alone has over 40 photographs of departed friends, tiken after years of interment by medium photo graphers totally unacquainted with the people taken. The most searching inves tigation by the most learned men have failed to detect any imposition in this mani festation. Upon one occasion Mrs. Lincoln, the widow of the Ute President Liacolo, went { , , ? ' ' - ? ? ?- V:;i to a medium photographer to have her like ness taken, and gave her, name as Mrs., Walker. When the likeness was finished! at the back of the said Mrs. Walker was a faith ful likeness of the late President. It is siid Spiritualism is opposed to the religion ' of Christ. He emphatically denied this. ^-- one respected the religion of Christ more than he (the lecturer) did.' He was not opposerf to the Christianity that Christ preached, but to that sham Christianity so prevalent in these days. Christ taught love to God and man — that is the chief doctrine of Spiritualism. Spiritualists are iu no way antagonistic to the religion of Christ, nor are they in any way opposed to the Bible. Some say Spiritualism is of the devil. 'That ' devil' cry is a very old one. Christ was called a devil by the cantiag hypocrites of his time ; the Eeforina tion was called the work of the deyil ; the Press was called tha devil ; Methodism was called by the established church the work of the deviU Then can it be wondered at that Spiritualism has been called the devil's work. The Christian's test is to judge the tree hy its fruit : then so judge Spiritualism. It is to make bad men good men ; it does not make bad men. Those who have sought an in vestigation have not become' irreligious, but the best members of society, and the happiest. Mr. Tyerman concluded his very interesting lecture in -instructions how to proceed to.. test the truth of his teachings. He was listened to most attentively, and at the conclusion a most cordial round of applause was awarded him for his moBt eloquent arguments. The above is merely a synopsis of Mr. Tyerman's address. 