'./'.' TURF GOSSIP. .; By Falcon. Talring?them all round the general entries from Adelaide are. very satisfactory, promising larger fields than usually come to the po3t in that far .region. Mr. Filgato's horsc3 had a; very .good passage,. and Lurline and Sunbeam did not faro. -badly, but Fratemito came in for . rough weather, wlfickffid not leave, her scatheless. Barmaidand 'Spark, accompanied by ilr. Lang, , wore on board? the .same boat,, hut thoy fared somewhat better than the two-year-old. Barmaid is. a good 'deal fancied. for the Adelai?de Cup, and considering, ! siie has to receive 3 st. 1 lb. from Lurline, if can , be only a question of her staying. : Her weakness for rushing to the front is decidodly against her, , and it is this objection to be controlled that has always been so much against her in long races, : Lurline? is said to be in questionable condition. If figtfif, she cannot; race, sq'-thqse who back? her mustaccept the chance of, her fitness pn the day. Lysander is spohea of as a good horse, last ; year he'wasnot'fit, arid fon' ia3t in tho race. He is now 5 yrs. old, .and has 7 at. 4 lb, on his back, which is. 7, ,1b.; leas than, he then carried, so/all must depend on his form.: Edith is a stayer, but the pace must be slow to let her ;up'. : For the ' St, . Lege'r the . iniost fancied ?is'":Fal8e Alarm, ,, by Leonidaa /from a P?. mare; twelve .months ago - he , disposed of/, Edith and others in the two-year-old- race; not a great performance 'certainly, though 1 hear' he has improved wonderfully since then.' Barmaid will meet him, also Lqcretia, Stella and.Ivanhoe. ; Beyond Improver, Fraternite and Spark we know i nothinghf the two-year-olds, though) there are? several -very well-bred youngsters in- the race. I ; should say that Improver is good eno'tigh' to.stand ' on.. - There are six horses in tho Steeplechase. If ? hny o£ them aie up to All Fouis'a cla33<hc should i be gortd enough to Tely upon ; but they- will xiot ! get one every year like tire wbite-legged chesnut. 1 There was really a, good attendance atCanlfieldJ on- Saturday, notwithstanding i the weather "was cold, wet and bleak. People we're shivering and complaining of the cold, and declaring it was nn< seasonable weathor for sport, yet they enjoyed.it. There was plenty of speculation, double event bdoks being open to the tune of nearly a thousand bounds, and several complications were accepted, Nearly all the horses entered came to ,.the post, but mamyofthom were very unfit, arid handicappera , of future events must be careful bow , they are guided by the running., .Horses rim /when notoriously, ont? of; ;all . form ..are not entitled to any. indulgences, and , handicappera shonld really make a stand, , and dcclino reducing a? horso's impost, when run in such questionable condition. Aaron made - mincemeat of Erin, Guntor and others in tho hurdle race, thereby upsetting/a nice little pot, Erin and Morgan having been taken in., doubles to somo amount. ; - Erin is but moderate, and of Guntor I am satisfied bo ha# no liking for difiiculties; ho objects to' weight, distance and holding ground. ?. Who?" made the handicaps I did not inquire, but he ,or„ they wore rather too moreifnl to, Zoo in, the Flat- Race, fist, lib, wasa marvellously. light imposton one who has run as sho has. Dolphin and the field had no ghost of a chance with her. Murgahhas run with some success up north, and was booked, a" good thing "for tho steeplechase, which sho won. The only one that might have held her was Moro',! andho ran round a leap, losing too much ground ever to catch the lead again. Irishman had . -things all his own way in the Soiling Race, win ning easily. How very unfortunate tho Maryborough people were with their mooting. What, with the post ponements 'and rain every one was 'driven away.'/ There were St the outside calculation no maro than 300 persons present. Grace RosebdiTy.woh . the Maiden Plate, another instance of the worth of a two-year-old at this poriod of the year; arid ' Ferryman's Daughter carried off the Shire Han dicap, old Steoltrap and Dolphin next. . Better - things . were expected ;of Albany, 6 at. 8 lb., . his. light weight,..-:, being/ mentioned-' as a reproach on tho handicappor. It turned out/however, that Mr, YowJes was the host ' judge of what he could carry. Tho two-year- old; . Richmond, won the Soiling Raco, of "20- sovs «' This is tho colt that ran second to Maid of All Work in the Maribyrnorig Plate; at the Spring Meeting. Still, ho was not above accepting the 20 sovs. The two-year-old. Professor, carried off tho Town Plate, a mile and a half, carrying 6 st. -4 lb., beating Ferryman's Daughter, 3 yrs.,ht the same time having all the worst of the: weights. , From this wo infer that the Pro fessor is improving in his running. Cloolite had . to bo content with. the Consolation Stakes. Avoca has a splendid entry for the 3rd and 4th ' proximo, there being no less than elovon in the : Shire . Handicap, oight in the Trot, seventeen iat; the Telegraph Stakes, including the namo of , The .- Ace, seventeen in the Hurdlo Raco, fourteon in ; tho Town Plato, and twenty-one in the Flying Handicap. If the handicaps aro happy, arid. ti0 weather fino,tho club should have a good meeting,: - Kensington Park is coming out with a .weighty < ' programme on Separation Day, which is the first / ' of July. It commences with a Hurdle Race of 80 r: sovs., with sweep of 3 sovs., two miles. Handicap.-,? Flat Race on liko terms, over a mile and a . quarter, Huutera' Stakes with 30 sovs. added to a . sweep of 2 sovs., a mile and three-quarters, which , is, excessively short for a steeplechase, ; welter, -, wejght for ago, and professional riders 7 lb. extra, . ' winding up with a Selling Race. Bui the great ,j event of the day is tbo Kensington.Park Steeplq- 4 chase, of 5 sovs. each with 100 so vs. added, about/, two miles. This ought to take well, and stamp the day's sport. Tho entries for this raco are duo .-.j., on the 10th of June. Although the Wagga Wagga folks bavp . struggled hard to niako their meeting one of- tho ,.:- first importance,, they have hitherto siCTqlly .-,-j faffed to attract a field of good horses, though they have usually had one or two cracks, which. , in some measure was a return for their excellentr/i intentions. As we havo previously pointed out,. .; the error was a simple one, though tho fault, was theirs, and affords another example of .how good. - - iribnoy fails to supply the dofccts of a bad pre- ; gramme, Tho club would insist upon having .;.; their weights declared before the Melbourne Cup/.- was decided, and before tho Spring Mooting was ; run, thinking, probably, that tho largo stake's ;!, they offered wero alone sufficient to attract horses) '.v although they might just previously have :su£ , /? tained a defeat. At lost their eyes have , been v.. opened to tho fallacy of these views, .and" more, to the absurdity of endeavoring to . ruin.. - counter to such a meeting as our Spring. . affords, which so thoroughly tests the value of the horses engaged, tbat thoy invariably, havq . to be re-handicapped before they can be placed on /- an equality. It has always been a regret, too,?tbat ; such a plucky, genorous club should lie under tiny / . disadvantages. Wagga deserves too well of tuqV - sporting world to see her slighted or ignored; Her stakes are those of value, and such a pro-, ; gramma as the club offers is of moment -to both, ? owners and trainers of racehorses.- ; Thcrefora every change for the better we hail with satis foe?.. ? tion and pleasure. Tho ci-mmittee have. this yea# voted 2000 to their prograiapo. Tlio Cup.is to /,-? receive 600 sovs., Town Plate, 300 sovs?, and tho / Grand Stand Stakes, 250 sovs., and the wc'ighti// ate not to appear until 16th Novoniber, or affot" /.' the concluaion of the Melbourne Spring Meeting;,?!! This will ensure the club a large nominationfrbta, ;; both Melbourne and Sydney, additional accepto rsJ,?M(j andincreased.fieldsatthepost, No day ia more. anxiously looked: for. in? tho.,! sporting world than the first day in June, which ' is to give ns entries innumerable. The Melbourne \t Gup, Metropolitan, and Hawkesbury Qran<I , Handicap, besides Derbies, Oaks, LogGrs' .antjL : // : Produce Stakes, not forgetting tlie. Champjofi /-- Race. It will bo a long list, as it is good one. ( , . <, AH tbo best.riders onr colony can boast of ar® - likely : to be ia request for the .Grand, iNa,— ) tional. ,. ! believe Callanan will .ride Prodi giotis j ' Howe, Sheet Anchor ; Cfhifneyis /saJul.rv to be retained for Haus Breitinanri ; , whilo-.: 1? Mr.'!.' Otr will Bteer All Fours. Saxott.-.,-.\ will iiavo the assistance of Harden, arid Friait/fT? that rising young ridejrBourko. '. Mark Adderley, 1 believe, has a mount, and G. Ross may fie.-!/, looked for on Murjgah; Cripps iaalao engaged foe? .-?» something. \- The Werribee Park harriers meet at the Guiding-' in Star to-day at 1 p.tn. , . ! , / V, /s ma A telegram informs us that Kingston, Carbine; wni Magnolia and Mayflower are tho acceptors for the. ; a Dnapano tiupj onuAtt valorem ana wanaercrroc: m the Handicap, /;,,. . . . . Acceptances for the Warrnambool handitopawf must ba declared, to-day! ' ; ' \- General entries' fof ilerilderie arer due' this day./iai and at thesame time acceptances aro to ' be -defc rl clared. - ; n- We are given, .to understand that the New Zea land horses Templeton, Castaway (brother ty- Lurline), the Phoebe Oolt, Tamburini and 'Bbtiia other cracks from that colony are likely to be en/; tered for the Melbourne. Gup. :>; Mr! P. O'Reilly, of Adelaide, has .purchased- Mr. M'Mullins's The- Deer for 200 sovs!; hni- v placed him in Mr, R. Low's hands to prepare; -i> Several members of the ring: left for Adelaide r by the mail steamer on Tuesday. There are suffi- cient, however, remaining ready and willing to perform all that is required at the hands of the: " ring on Her Majesty's Dirthday. - / A U is strange that so raucb betting should !bava taken place in doubles, yet so little over the slngb v1 ? events, of the forthcoming Hunt Club Meeting. - Hans and Hans" must carry three thousand . ' pounds for the double, and more thari .halfitbat1/; amount is relying op. Haps and. Afi .Fours, tHana - - and Saxon and Panmuro with both ; 50 to 15 has - >1 - " . <> « lean taken about Hans Brietmann for, theHurdle Rico, 4 to 1 being wanted ; 5 to 1 is the best offer - against Panmure, .7 to 1 Robin, who has been re- , cehtlv backed to win a small sum ; 8 to 1 ( W.F. , Outside of these a better piicc is obtainable/' 'For : the Steeplechase the prices do not yary as much, the offers being 7 to 1 Hans Br'eitinann, Saxon, . » ' All Fours, ' or Friar, which latter "horse came into' the market on Wednesday, 100 to 2 . being taken about him with Robin, 100 to 3 with Hans.andthesamowith Friar., Tbathewouldhave ' been backed outright there is no disputing/ had 1 the offers been sufficiently tempting, but. the prico' wiw deemed too 'short, so that the metallic® ' were confined to writing-in doubles. At the pre sent timo lOOto 6 ifl . procurable about the two Hans; 100-to 5 Hans and All Fours; 100 to. 4 Panmure with either Hans or All Fours ; 100 to 5 Hans and Saxon; and 100 to 4 Panmure and Saxon. There is nothing doing on Sydney events!, or on Hawkesbury; nor do we expect to have anything to record worth giving until the nominations, or perhaps the weights, are out. _ Lurline is at even money for the Adelaide Cup, while 4 to 1 is laid against Barmaid; and. 6 to 1 against Fratemite. For the Leger, 2 to 1 is False Alarm's price, and 3 to 1 Barmaid's. ' 