Thebe are circumstances connected; with the late: election for Cumberland which deserve, consideration from tho public, and which /Wo have liithVrto. refrained from' hoticihg, because wo dtij' not, vlion firetj mndoucqupinted with '"tiui|n, , deSiithem ' fo'bp1 8"$? iently. ivol( authenticptctjAo warrani ild'iit .publicly; i&'l|iciiig|UieW.| Fprj'somo timby after .flits viida|iqyqoourred, thoi-fywus . no , otlior randidnlo/in'i tho fioldVbut Mr., Nicholas John Brown. From the favourable notice taken of his candida ture by the mouthpiece of.linistprs, it. ' was woirunddrstoo'd 'tiint'-Mr/BBOWNis' election would moot the warm appro bation of tho Government; and when "thofeiHiisitioniwaa 'published,".'; andsthe:' names of the Council Clerk and Dis trict Constable appeared on it, all doubt .na jto.the-.auspicps uinder- whidi .S£iy Bn6wNpe'aWd"ih"ie"'iiel3"vTs"ve mdvcd from the minds of thoso who! recollected how. the police worn . used nt this tnoinoruMo 'election' fortlio'Hlion. Of Mr. jBROty.N's fitnosa for the position ho h'aa acquired we arc not competent toj pronounce any opinion ; and wo should not bo j ustified .in i doing;So until T sufficient, . opportunities are, raftordod him for manifesting liis capa bilities and qualities as'nirepi-csontn- tiye. Ho may be," for- -.anything,. we, jkhow.tt.tlid.contrajquite as com petent/to yqireteflicponriU(»ien«y|- as; jiny " othoi-' poraon! the ' eleotdra' co'ulS "soieet ; and lie mny iict tis thoroughly ' an independent , paid;, as soma of ,tho form'br representatives of 'Cumberland ' iaiid tho Dor\vont hftvo'bpfore now done 'in both Housbs'of the Legislature. ' ' 'We cannot forgot' that' Uiis very dis trict lias'already 'supplied 'to the 'Legis lature a Gelmdiund, u.JjANODon, and a | Sibley ; and it may be tlint the examplo' of-such ' fearless, independent representatives \may ,havo its effect upon Mr. Brownh ,rMr. ' -Brojvn's per sonal aiid intollcctunl fitness, wo hiivo, . tllerefora, no intention1 'of'" questioning, (or of instituting j ftny;;.'comparison in this respect hbtwobii him,!hu(i,'h'is late rival;" Ouyr pufpoSo isf'tp ;-;Ahdw: that;! Ministers (.regard .'.'Mr. Biiow.v as' one who1' will 'not;' lie' troubl6soni6":to them— who will riot ombaiTass them:by_ Blinking inconvoiiiorit enquiries on sub- jcots that will iiot! 'suit their , 'purposes ,to have brought undor'thb public eyo— - wlio'will bp tonteht tb lwqiermittou.to' speak" occimioimUy', induce his..eohstituonts;;'ahd.the public; ..to bclioyo that ho' -is -n. really inde-i 'pendent" representative, but who must invariably ,yotb., with . them whose words may create a tompoinry 'impres". sioh'tlmt ho' is nboiit'-to- oppose: dome' Government'- measure, ; bift -vhosodiriiil action ana vote will be in ahtijiodeaii ' contrast ,to his spoech— .who,;iripriviitb( will bo allowed asm mattomof- polioy to reprobate the polioy |1df ' Ministers ; - bu t who, when, on " tho floor of the.IIojfse," will Was eulogistic' as ho wns abusive outside of it. . This_is_tho class of re-" presontatives Ministers believed when they>npproyed-.of Mr.t Brown's : ca.idi- dature that he would belong to/ and for (this 'reasonj 'an'd ; nctingupon this assumption, their organ recbivbd " iil'- structions tq-.oxpreiM .approval tofrtho; incipiont representative. Perhaps it may bb 'said -'that' I the'- representative' genus we have, .boon. defining or de scribing, does not existi-tliat it would W impossible to find, men so lost to all sense of public obligations as toactapart so iihwbi'thy bf nny qnq blevated tb'tlio high . and Responsible ppsitiori qfa rbpro- sentativo of thb'Wbplol 'Wq.iare liumi-' liated'fo thinkj however,.., tlint int deast three-fourths, of . the.-. Ministerial ; sup- porterb-indbbdi wo'inight go further, and '.'say-'' four-fifths of them— in both Houses of Parliament belong. to this mystorious /and lowly gonus.' jOne serious experience' is qiiitb sufficient to. establish this truth firmly in' tho mind of any ordinary and disinterested ob server. ;; In : every election, for either Houso of Parliament wherein Ministers have directly' or .indirectly interfered,' suclfhave been thb.qnnHtics tlioy ..'have invariably recbgn'ised.an ..nll.-Wiididatcb; for seats in the Legislature. Nothing is more odious in their estimation '.'-than a " tvouhlesomo supporter," excopt an 'effective opponent, No consideration .would induce them to. counteunnco 'or' encourage, or .refrain fro!n( opposing either openly or secretly, the Candida-; ture of any man whom tlioy suspected or behoved was not prepared to vote with them; " through thick and thin'1—, lio . nuittorlio '//, lie' miglit'roprobatq their ( aots and, pcliqy. in- .words, 'JAOhJiCein! .know that a representative ,-soonj Joses jail influence in tho . Hoqso .nd in tlio coimtiy; aiid 1 is reduced ' to' a ' complete'' Jdependenee upon, their patronage, when ones it is found that his parliamentary action constitutes a miirkedand habitual contrast betwednliis'speccli ami yotesT ! But 'tho lixttbr is the want' of Minis! era, and tlioy aro lieejllfiss of what becomes I of tho YopvcBontativc so long hh liio : su flfragos enable' them to maintain their offices. . It is plain, then, tlmt tlioy must have regarded Mr. Weston as a " dangerous ; man" — one who was suspected of being ; " really' independent," -'Otherwise their orjgan,, never ,. would ,j- have so .mis- j ropfesdnted,v' ' as. well'" 'as" sup f Hiippressed.all, that was important to be known tm relaiion ro ''thai gentleman's, ciuiyiua tliroughou t the district; And wero; : not. Ministers: ; bent . upon; doing.,thoir. utmost 1 to prevent that'i-gentloman's election, and ,to;t promote :tbnt of Mr. Brown, one of tho most vcnorablo, most obedient,>nd > faithful of nll tlieir ser vants .in tlie' Upper Housb'7w6uld not have"been_dcspfttched„to . thQscenopf, actionr, and sent ifi all directions-tb represent .the danger rof sending -Mr.- Weston tPtifliamentvwVo likely to turn- out to/-"biB':as,',-"ti'ouble- soma - toj Ministoi'S -in Htho .House of Assembly as his brother was" in tho Legislative Council;"- Wo sieak now from a jknoledgq, of the fiiets and vwo. ' feel ourselves justifiedln'assertiiifc'thivt Ministers exerted; themselves as strenu- ously to exolude Mr. Weston from tho representafioh'bf- CumbWlrnd,' -hs'tboy did nsome. months ago. to|.,dofoab Mr, E/ans at iho Huoii and for" precisely the same reasons, because both gentle- men was suspected . of possessing tliQrpujhly-indepondent ;tninds, and finiil'novoft)© brought 'to act tho ;se&sele;, and unprincipled part pj nii\jpnty of their supportgs iaotli jtljbmsej3g4--no injury to th|j|cou£y and nqi&ciison; to tho pcopl£iiieyiwero dopjuyto represent ti/ .JVjbdo uqt'.Loliovo that Mr. BuowNfronT wlmt wo hoar of him, can over bo soduced to submit to such a humiliating yoke as tho jmpnovtors of linistora iro pxjiectcd 'tofwearQifit thisiwe dkhbw,f«'tnat.;'if. they wero. not certain of liis 'sub: mission, lio novor would have boon daudedbytheirorganpatronisedbyj themselves, supported by the police, or liave the'beriafit pf thepcclal sOrvices .of. one of.thoir anciontivoting.machinos, vljihIeiiT'intdFMiS'canWssocrthQ i.dijtrict for liira, and represented Mr. Weston as likely to prove aa t( dange rous" and as- timiblOTOme-vJosliis brithor in'tho Legislative Council. Wo fcql ''assured Mtuisiers have miscalcu lated in this r particular case, ! from f all .wd noWv.kng w--and tliat MrJ .,BnojiyN ,will not imitato the tbad example' of so many of thci majority, who' voto1 block; is! white and vice versa,, as they are officially directed. ,0B!3MdsVarabngT't colony that arc doing gobd nnd noblc work m \ the cause of suftcriDg' humamfy is the' Benevolent Society, 3jGovcrncd :by,r q fcw.mcnwhose.wVtchword.i8;,dccd8,not words, this relief 'association ciirries on its work quietly and efficiently, and, if it were not through the medium of the press, many of those who are removed .from the reach -of- its1 benevolence would hardly know.tlmtsuch an institution existed. But ;wc find1 from the fifteenth anhiidlfeport,'' read -rccently-at-the -Town- Hall, that at- the commcncemehtbf tlic'new year Ttlierb) were 108 individuals on the books receiv-' ing aid. During the year, -out of 173 ap plications received 168 cases were relieved and only five refused; ThcsC'Ciises com prised individuals. Of these, G7 hud to applyxforr'reUef/from -sickness; ten from, ucciucnts, seventeen were widows, the futhcrBpfthcchildrcnqfsixhonies.jweref in prison and 5 Jwcrc away from the ; colony, six were aged and ihfiVni' persong, 26 were cases of destitution, and .12 were for children. Au instit'otion of this 'kind, .which .extends its benevolence to nll sufTer- crs, and nwbicU': knows no creed, deserves to bc.more liberally supportedr tlmt its, sphere of usefulness 'may becolhc 'greater tiiaiuitnow is. Irlf all who "can . afford it' would' appreciate ' the, r.words rof ' hn 'old \ .writer and act accordingly, wc should have less frequently to spenk of the want of benevolence on tbepart of the rich The ; writer. to whom wc.ulhide says : Surely if, itUweVe .out of jour 'power, -to perform ncts of bcpcvqlence our life itself Would rhecome popr, c'nough7; .;If .it jTwere possible that thcfinpulse of pity.icould'die in us tlicic would be a melancholy pros-: pect for our joy and pur pleasure. The nian who.is fortunate/ enough "togive:re-T ceivcs more than the poor tuker. Alas ! it is the onIy :thing''than' 'cahnt all miti- gatc;tbechar8hnes8of property, ,the cruelty, "of r pbssessibiii'that a part of , what 4 is dis proportionately accumulated is dropped upon the wretched ereaturcs "who are fiiniug-lieldw'us thatrit'maynbt ibe'Utterlyl : forgotten that wc arc nil brethren, and are, therefore, bound by the strongest ties to afford help to each - other in our mis fortunes." i:» - v ;;u; Or-nll .vocations 'that of, the sailor is .'one of tbc.moVt dangerousi'aha when itVis corh- pared.'with, trades which bqeupy.aj 'similar time in acquiring, "and to the successful carrying on of which those long, toilsome, cheerless? hours which poor< Jack ' has:.to steadily devote to his calling, and which need not be eudured by'the tradesman, it certainly is:.;the;fleasit - best .. paid. , , With money so hardly earned 'it is only fair 'to suppose that the. sailor would not easily part, but" fcxperichce of, him teaches iis" different from this.Vile has Scarcely left his ship beforc.vt here. ..arc tthose nrountl: him who do a large Inisiticss by living on his inexpcrieuce, who Atc lawfully" rob him iu a short space bf tinic of all he pos- feesses. vlu seaport 7 towus-'particqlarly agents are ever otilbe watcli to entrap the sailor. A writcroini a-recent periodical tells us that it was the consideration of this prodigious evil,- ami -of the wretched condition to which seamen were often rc- duccd'fronvthe.wqntjofRp lodging!houW to; which i.thev'might- rcaort wliqnihiibrt,-; and 1 where they .raighthe sccufcjfrbm pluhder, which Jhuuccd'6bme 'tnendsqrf'th'e)8ailpf:;jtb'tfyi Svauti |(Captaiu 'Elliot, :'a j distinr guishedj naval . officer," j)vhe ' firat cobcciycd the-, wantyofi. establishing' (UpusesVfor ".the reception of. seamen,, where plain.but com- . fortablc a'cconimodation should --ibc-i pro-; yided- at. ''moderate cbargesj and money,' clothes,- ' and fother 'possessions safely de-' posited'.11' Hen jt wartbata;Sailors! Home' was established 'No sponer:wete its doors bperiedaud'lts; seamen arriving1.; in ;->Londohi;jtUqnrtHe begkntqavail.'themselvca'ofitsjprivilcg Very speedily the succeflsbftheyxperimeu jwasproveil by,it.hc/numtier;,whot. flocked ;to4 the institution! Increascd acco'mmodation was called for and supplied. The building was enlarged so 'asftoi be.; ablc>/to ' contain fl ve ifuhdrcd seamen' andthcl fact t that a quarter of a million have boarded in the' institution since its opening in 1865 attests 'the f success «whichl has 'attended Captain Elliotjs cqnceptionViThc good work begun, iuriderthisnoblcseamanaidhpt'ehd with his death. Admiral'Hall ond'othcfsbelped on the good work. From statistics sup plied by -the trciisurer we find that- duriiig" the aBtycar as. many, as £7000 ,hayc jbecn ' lodged; atid' since the 'opening' of .the "Home" upwards of two mlUlons' sterling have bccu paid into the bank. It is,., intended . r.to j establish Sapors' jHomei in.-Hpburt'VjTbwti,"; \fjSucH ff-'an jnstitutioti' h'as .our: entire . sympathy aud approval, and shalL-'havca pur hearty support. Education' has done a good (deal for -tlic-Bailbr -within the Inst few years, but it is destined to do more for him yet.- Lot' the Sailors Home in Hobart fl'own he filled with periodical,. let, all the real comforts of a liomcb'efouhd 'there, and then the practical good which followed .the establishment of the Sailors Homc'in' iEiiglaiid will" extend "itself "to '"theIIome pboutto >bc e.stablished jbere. We.rnrgej jupon thc Comm|ttoej"|thc "necessity' of? jVigourously carryingout .the .noble jwork< twlncli tliey liqve taken. in ;hand',; and we would ask our philanthropists to subscribe iliberuliy td- anrobject Bo.rworthy :of > their 'support. ' : , f : 'i"J -=s==sT7mmmmm . 1 y A 'MvRt>r.Rpus 'Assault.— A man named; jWilliam'Dftrnell, 'ahd\ 'described as. a boat- swaiffa niatb ,on 'board, tho Swatara, . gavo jtho ' inhabitlmte'. of Argyle-stroot, , iu the ivicinity' of 'the' Block bwan, a. specimen pf what tho. , lower pnlcr . of. . our ; American -'cousins cAll,''f i;bunli and t'uiuhlo." In tho iioigbborirhood " indicated ho camo across a rivalrin tho:fihapol#)f tho boatswain's inato of the othor watoh, named John Hendcwor., whom be knocked down and commenced to "boot" in the most brutal and deliberate manner, no viy allowing the poor follow,' who is an older ihdh than bis assailant, to rise aud defend himself, , Tho. attention .of jAliL Maherysnd Mr.'.W. Hjggiiis,, .who Uve ?opposi|e wiiiTcallcd'tb the; inhutoqn "ex '.mpitidu by bearing the dull heavy thuds oc- ;.bdfoned by.iKo ropeatod- cjn toe t ' between ibo foot, of -tho 'pud niau'nnd t)io li«ul and. face of the.qior, as not a word was/spokeu vby eithor. lpud cndugli to-be heard across the road. On discovering tho nature of the fracas thoso gentlemon hastened to prevent -further injury-to . the man who was lying at bis opjjonent's , morcy. As they wero an- Errmchingtho spot Thiriioll piclccu.'up by tno. ea aiur uashcd" lum''(ldwii again on tlie kerb-' stone liko a log of wood. Ho now nroparcd : to 'dopart,'- but was 'gallantly coIlared byiMr." Higgins, who liela biin by tho throat for sotne'niihatos; pending the arri val of !n con- stablo. Unnhlo to escape l>y fair means, ho ; ;stoalthily;droWr;a.knife aud.was Jn the.net of. stabbing liis captor when, upon being wafned i>y the bystanders, Mr. Higgins with, souio difficulty avoided tho blow. Darnell, being again freoprushed, . knife in han(l,-._and closely followed by his recant custodian? to wards Bozott's Hit or MisB hotel, into which rendezvous '"ho- entered, and, being sur rounded by bis shipmates, was able to elude his pursuers for a:short time; Ho was, \- however, "snbsequently.'pointefl-.out by.s Aldr: Maher.to. Dotcctiyq .Simpson,, who, appro-, . -hondchimVjVTheypundcd man was'.takpu, 1 'to ithe hospital, 'and;; on' liis'-hoadahd face1 being oxomined thoy prosontcd, a most hor- trible spectacle', 'belng< bruised atid wohnde'd Jn tho mOst' torriblo mn'nnor/ hut ' exhibiting "no signs of a knife having been iiscd. Dar nell — whoso only regret was that he had not served his victim worse— was taken to tho look-up. It was subsequently found that his ' ;lo\Vcr.jaw was,fraoturcu./v.rr PoLiOHCounT.'ThisCqurfcwas yesterday onco more the Bceno? of -ii'- trial; to decido a caso betweon .t;wov;fdminiho'.8nnabblcr8, . tho hearing'bf which :tbo frequently occasions h- great wate of valuable timo.' The magis trate' ' equalised the puhisliinontvtliat both' ; particd' might liavo o caution. A case of iareoiiyr'dlso Icamcou. for" hearing,' and the prisohcrja youhg.wdraan,%wcbivea.q .severe sentence,1 lTlio young "man 'DolAhtyi' who -lias olrdndy'bccome uotod ' in , the ' Polico' Office annals, mid - viio shipped 011 board the Swatnra previous to.lior uopaHhrd. for Now Zealand, . was brought tip' ' on a/cbarge of, using pbscenb langiiagp'iOu thoptorious'evdri-' ing, and 'receivca' a Jsontcnco ifof 'fourteen days, witliout.tho ' option of. a, fine';" j JTbc're was the itsual .batcli1 of 'druiik hu'd disordefly' offenders."1' ir/. Inquest.— An. . inquest "jtvps .held, at tho Biril-in-Hand,'Argylq-strept, yestorday, bo- foro W. Tarloton", Esq.,. 'arid ajuryfof seyen, touching tho lentil of tho little follow, Davia' "Syilliains, i.tlip particulars'oj; whosoVdrowri'-. ing. near,', thejpowd6r , jdtfcy?Jn tlio j Domaitl, wo "gay ,0 in a former'issuo. j' 'Froin/tho'ovi- dcuce :bf .;a".boy named 'fTo wai, .it appeared jtliat thd decdased went oway frohi , his homo rori the morning of the; riccidejit in company with soyornl euildreii j .tlicse1 \vdio ' picking up manna ..in tho Doiriain, and that little wiiliatqs, - and « a girl . who r'asj witli ; huh,'; ..wandcred,Vd(iwri> to. tho'powdor: vjetty, off /which heJcll iiito the river,,".' .Tho scrcains /of the Tgirl brought ' tho boyiTowan 'to' tho ,s pot. Ho%sa'w tho deceased-in tlie'water 'near the jetty, nnd,' in trying" fcd rcscuo liim, 'cot nearly drawn under " hiiiisolf. Being friglitohcu,- ho ran for a constable, and 'so-/ ciircd Cdnstablo Townley, .wlinin lie brought td tho spot, and wlio,' havihg'.'sccurod tho deceased, took hiiii to the hospital,' wlierc, upon oxamihqtion. he was'fouiid quite dead. '.Tho..jnryjJiAvirig.iioaid/tbe'evidence'6f Dr. McFariano/ retiirhed,qr;yertlict tljpfer tlio 'de-1' ceased,.'. .David ' "Vyilliam's, .'wis , 'accidentally/ drowned!" '' '-"A' ' 'J', More of the AiTARiTroN, — After- tho- ; issue : off. tho /'first' editinn ;of . TheTr!(>uiic yestorday morning, (the. Sandy;:Bay ghost neoamo, and eontiipiod to lie throughout Jtlid day, , tho topic of conversation) (;!-Mariy;. wdro' Jho instances, of . his appearance recounted,' .'aiid/diro? threats 'jof 'summary'Wpfisal'wefo' indulged 'iiiRt .'the cornor of ovciyJ8treet,1 and m jtlio 'lwr jhiid" back 'parlour of ovcry jhostelribjin ! 'the " cityV f ,On ' the ' tirevioW evening ' -parties ''A nnncd ' Mvituunbig .'sticks : and othor>ghost-layiug: instruments porombulated . 'tlib atoa. whoro . torror ,'is;: triumphant, to i x>rotcct ladios v.,or. i :othor, pedestrians vliablo to 7 ,bo'..( waylaid ., by. tho spring-hcoled monster. Several persons', :hnvo cqnununicatqd with. Uiis office, and in- fprmedus of tlioir oxperiences in the Imuntod. locality.7 Two other y.oung ladies, besides1 .tho o'np wo mehtionbd yesterday liayo Tiech cbtifined to7theirl beds tthrough,'thQ Bhock!- resulting .from a chance meeting with the? spectre ;ihhd:auothcryoung/man7-wlio"iBa Good'.Tprirplar, !; and of cuurso was sobor.oa;. tho oocosion— lids beonaetually khbcked down .aud . seriously injureirby, the contact., This lipVots'' tho" spiritualistic theory;; ''al-. though, f wits of. 7 jumping .arid abnormal' locomotion : on? thb '.part of - tlib boiri who is arresting'so' ihuch attentioni' can hariUy bo i accounted; forjuriless it is adhiittod?tlmt - he > is by some exceptional-; arraugcment:-(uu-, affectedffiy. tho laws of gravity, for ho clears a street: .with perfect ;caso, t -bounds jauutUy : rover. a ten-feetj .'wall,! and .indulges; iii sum-!, moraaalts of a nature to putf Blondin 'to/tho" blusli, .and under, /circumstances ,whorb?it 1 would bo' imiibssiblo'foV the latter' to oxeciito Ub6rir////uV.4l.!/j?1? /'k 1 'J "t ; Goob .TEMTLARS. A-Tho 'V.uaual quarterly uicoting of tho Haste to'tlie Bcacuo 'Lotlgo, No. l;I.O.G.T/v for toe installationof ofiicors Jor.tho ensuing quarter,' by tlio '.Grand Lodge Olficoni'V'of . fTaaniariia1' took ' "place in tlie Alliancb ' Roomsj ' 'on;- Tuesday eycninc lost, when tho followuigriiembcrs wcre -difly/in- stalled 0. BaU,..WiO,T.i; Sister A/ Glark,>W. V.T.I ; Bro. .O.iB; Atkins, ' Sec. (re-elected) j.Bro.rAV. Aldorton,3V.O. t Bro. :G; '.Moore, WvF.S. ; Sister E. Witt, W„ T. (ro-elccted) ;/Bro. McOftwlcy,AV.M. J Bro.- AA Marshall, W.I.G: ; Bro.'N, ' Farrolf 'W.O.G. j Brq.G; .Morgan, P.W.C.T. ; Bro;- :It. A. Mather/ W.L'.D; ; Sister Ikiii, '-W. A. S.; Sister J, Clarko.'WfDiM. Bro, 0. i Knight, . WiR'S!'"; arid? Brother ilowe,rH.L.S; ?At'f tho.conclusion'of tho installation sorviee, the 'Worthy Chief Templar (Brother 0.- J/oBall)' said that he had a pleasing- duty to perform, that of presenting, tho Worthy- Seorotary with a medal in'recognition of past services. Aftor. afew . -appropriate remarks, ho" mado the- presentation iu the name of, the members:' In 'acknowledgment, M r.. Atkins. Ytho Soare- : tary,.addressiiig the Worthy .QhiefTomplar," ofiicera,- and. members of (tho Lodge, ,said, there' word occasions ' who'll ' ohosen '"d'ords wore necessary to express ones feelings, but' it was generally found upon /Yuch ocpasious that those - 'suitable- wprds were wanting. Such was his position then, -and ho was quite at' adoss' tb'find words to' express:bis feelings bf:plcasuro upon receipt ,oL tor handsome, a token' fofu their aiipreciatfon /flf \his ;.past services as secretary. . Ho huljifldthe pflico of secretary to that Lodgo.for nine months, and he need.har oonricbtdd tKerowith word riot inconsiderable,' and in the performance of 'which ho had his work to do, but that evening's expression of. their kind - feelings con vinood hhn that - he had dono bis. duty;andfgained their approba- ' tion. In thanking them for the handsome medal, lie wishou to bo allowed to assure tbom that he. folt ho 'was .muoh mqro than : repaid for all he had done for tho good of the .Lodgo. Ho would .over look upon the : medal with" feelings iof pleasure, '.arid m "Kirid remembrance of tuoih 'all,' and,"' wishing the lodge every 'Success, audbappirteab "and prosperity to its members, would again thank them. Tho mednl was mado by Mr..0harlc8 W. 'Oaylor,. of Liverpool- street,' and -rite following is a description of itj0n quo side, in the centre, : is a bluo enamelled 'ground, with Good Templar emblems iu gold, raised, . surrounded by a wreath of frosted leaves. . On tho reverse side is a polisliod plate of silver, bearing tlio following .inscriprion : — 0 1?resontcd to Brother C. R. Atkina, Wortliy; Socrot'ary, 'by tho'Mqnjbqrs tbtp Haste to the lieseuo Lodge, No. Ifin'icecbgnitiori 'of post services. Hobart Town, 2nd February, 1875\. The' inscription is surrounded by an inner circlo of gold-frosted leaves ; tho outsido border is of frosted silver laurel' leaves with burnished ribbqh entwined. Tho medal is suspended ?from:a clasp of silver- frosted ledyes,'qnd,'ias-.awholo/-'-ifl'vory handsome. / Tbq''wdrkriuhi clqqs wMr. Gaylor grCat credit,. and jthV medal ivill ho on viow. at his bsbiblishVncnt/or a fo w days. .'VipTdiiiA Tent, i.O;it.A\pttl>iie merit ing of this. Tent willbo;held at the'/AlliSbco KoOins this evening, when addresses, ^read ings, recitations, mid music will be given. Members of other Tents are invited to ap pear in rcgnlia. - , ;cpmpimentauy jsnrper to" .Mn. jgeorqe BoyeS— On Tiicsday o veiling acvetal m mbbrs of:thri Civil. Service and a few othors ontor- tainod Mr. Goorgo Boycs, who has recontly- .rotircd on.a avoII carnod.p onsion, ntuppor, at, the Criterion Hotel, Mr; B. 'IV Solly, "As- : sistantr Colonial jSeeretary,- occupying the 'chair. arid Mf. - Nowinah- 'tlio vice-chair. .Tho hcalth.of.tbo gucst.was proposed byj:hq_ ch'airrri"ari","rind'vbry"erithusiftstically drunkp Mr. I Boycs responding in brief but . yory, feeling terms. Several othor toasts M were given and responded to, amla vory agreeablo overiing was brought to a ploso'by oU'siuging togothor u Auld Lang Syno." CriokbT' Match. —As wo previously an nounced a cricket niateb will be played on the Association Ground to-day',. between two' . elo vons represouting tho .Opera Company and thol-Uriifed Tredcsmob" res'pcetlvoly. Tho wickets aro'-to boi pitched at'ihalf-past ton o'clock sharp, and, should the woathor ho- favourable, we Imvo' no doubt'a 'olose contest aud pleasant game will bo r, the result. The following areho-elovons Opera— Messrs. j C. Fraiiois'co, G? Jblinsoh' F. IiVgnnic/AV! Farley, iJ. Atkinson, 11, Ramsdcn, G..AUcock,, T. Ho ward, 'W. Langf or4i ;B. /Hpro, Mid F.' Butler. United; Tradesmen— G."Creai\velI, J. Thompson, T.J;SUirfoy,jH.rtShirloy,i1,L Allcoclc, \V. Allctok/;C..Grovos,'-\V,lHqlme8, W.i Hanson, T. Hansohi und'JHa'nspn! j )st' TiiBj >\Veather;— Ycsti r(iayi:a>.8triiun,- and somewhat- sudden, . tho. woathor! For somo days previously, tho temperature, especially. :.--whou contrasted with that experienced ; at. Mellmurrio,-. had bcoiU'Wery; enjoyable, , the ;days hping,qomr ! ".foitably warm, and tho oveningsqaud, morn- ,,ing»:co.ol.': 'Tuesday night; lip.wovor, -vas \\\y- lisually sultry, and yesterday a .;hqt .wiiid blow in sharp gusts, raising clouds of dust, till late in , tlio, (afternoon;' when .tho 'wiud dropped and rain bcgan.to .fall, continuing during tho night, with no, groat, ilifforonco in .'tho tomperature.'i Thi3dowufaU,Jn; addition , to flushing the drains,; an;oncratioii much needed, will be greatly ..welcomed by the gardeners, ';tko ground hayingbc'cqmoalmost;, baked by the dry jWarin .woathprl Vf j? " ln.sukficirntr,y , stamped. rr-L'ottcrS, ntl- drssaedasbolow/woro.pbatod attholGonerob .Post Office, Hobart Town; -yesterday, insuf- iiciently' Btampcd : — W. G. Watson, Esq., «Punt jltoad SouthYarrn,";y ictoria ; "Mrsr? Cameron,' Bowlali Cottage, lAtroboTorraco,'. Gcclong, Victoria 5 Mr. E. A. Buchanan, Ex-1 ehango. Hotel, Swanston-strcet, Melbourne, .Victoria' Postmaster-General, Christbliurch/i Canterlmry, Now Zealand. General Hospital:— Michael Henry, boy of ten years;, of -ingq,t was takoii to tub ; Hospital-yesterday suffcriiig from injuries to his head, which had been .occasioned by tho falling of a limb from a tfco. ' 1 .Clau'ence 'Plains Races. — Nominations, accompanied with 0110 r. sovereign for caoli event,, .will bo recolved for tlio Waterloo .llnndicap/aud ' tlio Handicap Hurdle Race,' up till 6 o?clnukp.m.,onAloiidnyrnoxt, ad dressed to'tho stcretavy,' Horso 'arid Jockey, Clareuc'o Plains. _ :SpecialI SkhvicES.— Th'o Rev. J; Scott .will preach iu the morning, on Sunday next?'; at St. JolinVChurclii'Macquarie. street, and tho. Rcv.;J,.\V'.f InglisoBallarat. in .tho afternoon' aiidjoyonin'g/ whq'i collcctidiis will -ho mado on boh alf of .repairs tdtho,'6hurcb _ -Tiib \Peninsula1— Wo understand1' that a surveying, party proceeded. to.Poit Arthur by the Snarihon ketch,' which left yesterday .inoniiug, for tho purpose of survoying thof Peninsula, which- it is intended , to liavo cut into.Bcotioiisforconyoiiienco ofsalev. . :PoruLAUXEqi'UiiK.-Thq. RoyV./J.WJ Ingli8,.of Ballarat, .will delicver' ono of . liis popiila'r 4 lectures, - on-' Tliursday, the ) lltli- 'inataiit,,qt thq Odlfdfows! H#Il,V(l- / jdmdknd.r— Thojdividend at tho'rate (of-8 per cent per annum, -.declared at tbe/annunl mooting of - the Gas i Company, , held: :y.estof:\ day, is now payable at .tlio. office, of , the com-, pany.IA".-' ; Mr; ; TjiOmas Westb'rook requests yus- to : 'call rattontiori ,;to thb " salo"i?of''--250 u primo 'wethers, which will tako place at tlio .Slaughter Yards.-this day,- at 11 o'clock;;" 2300 ' ' - K ' 1 