A BLOT has been seen upon the educational systems curreht in this and other colonies. Indeed, the blot has been seen elsewheretthan in colonies, and in several places north and south of the , equator.'people have expressed anxiety ' about the future generations of our race. For our part, we are of opinion that the generations of the future will bo able to look after themselves as well as we and our ancestors’ have managed our and their affairs, and yet' this'does' not deprive the question of interest nor absolve us of to-day from the duty of consideration, or from the responsibility of action. The blot referred to is the unprac tical nature, of, our teaching systems, j apd- the encouragement they give" to a tendency ’to what are called the lighter and genteeler voca tions rather than to the exercise of husbandry, and all the manifold handicrafts which are the back;: hono.r nation’s-prosperity. • Every.-, body’s boy is’to bo “ genteel,” and everybody's 'girl is to thrum the piano and dance, whether or not the boy’cah 1 earn ah honest living or the girl keep her clothes tidy, let alone make her selfij a| ’garment to be ;seen ! vor worn; This' is'how the thing is put' by the complainants, and while it is not absolutely an accurate ;i picture‘ , of 'affairs dt : 'is in part true, and indicates the tendency of too many communities besides our own here in Yictoria. There is always and everywhere a tendency to extremes in all things, and 6n|yj (-manured/ judgments; or -well-; disciplined minds perceive the indispensable value of’com promises and moderation. Our political life shows one.,phase, of .this truism. , So, also, in educational affairs. . In the old world we saw the jnasses’rin rbrntiah evep : the elements of book knowledge,, and we saw them practically enslaved Id privilege, and rank, andv wealth ,'under . governments ; i where. the masses were voiceless. Here, we are all equal,! - the Ivote Of ; < the I jloafingi scoundrel, who has no character to lose, is of as much political weight 1 :l as *that : ■■’of a Prime ,a, chipf .justice, or a .bishop,, and deniocmcyS isl.giySnl. to’ fehanceiupqiajiedii-^ cation “free, secular,., and compulsory” to right most of the’ wrongs of the old world, and create j andpreserve,- paradise of social freedom 1 and progress hi the'new." None but the fool or the knave .can, deny that educa tion is indispensable to a nation’s safety, but he'jis]a.fool 'who- doeslhptfsee"that education is’ a large word, and means infinitely more than’’the-three iTs.’- i Muchipf our-school system is suited only to make boys and girls pert and conceited—mere sciolists; not only ih know-' ledge, but in the more important commodity of the emotions, the sentiments, the moralities. The honest, - manly '-'dignity i of; rough r hand labor is liable, to, be lost sight .of in the rush for piaho’s; quadrilles, Givil Service a!nd'matri culation examinations,,, quill-driverships, and conn ter-jutnping. That liability is the danger, hpt .tKat'the 'things 1 ’we’.have enumerated are r not good and.useful, in themselves if; properly; appraised and used.., Sir,Gladstone’ Seeihs’ld’ have felt something of this sort when laying ithe foundation of a school at Chester, where he was reported, to, ,have, , preached the, danger of the humbler ranks , of society there ousting from their positions and! vocations the \vhbse money, had', in the main furpished the means of extended education to the poor.' V-If ’ hot. deprecate' a,, general,'epidemic ‘of; *.Vgentiiity,|l i ,,!tp : ’, i 'tile neglect of wholesome- reverence for the more “yulgpr” ijprm,of homelier industrial life,Jhen his warnings arej'.of .cpursey b'dsido'dur purpose as illustrative of a ’ simdar'tehdency in England to that apprehended,' or in fact existing here in Australia. There is, doubtless, this to be borne in mind-by way I 'ofconsolation to those who look with fearupon. the. future, namely,, that time jiyill' have..ijs-.revenge.. . If .there .be a’.pep sistent rush from the heavier to .the,, lighter forms of employment the-former will certainly bepqme, most .remunerative, and then the tide of gehtulity wiU begin to ebb’in the ‘directioh'.'pf more gloves, less; tawdry finery, and less liability to manifold'tempta tions to inane or absolutely immoral oc.cupa-' tioh/bf ’leisure’’honfsl’’ Our' education'-must pddUcVn&t;'dhly a respect-for, c but a knowledge of, useftflddbdr 6f some’’soft;" for they are both morally and socially good. One of the wisest things said by that sagacious and experienced lady,'Mrs Nassau Senior, 5 in her'repbrt'pn the “Education of Pauper Girls” was . the follow •' 'A girl is not 'necessarily a 'better-woman because she knows the height of all the mountains, of Europe; and can work out a fraction in her head, but . she is decidedly better fitted for the duties she will be called upon to performinlifeifshekuowshow to.wash and tend a child, cook simple food well, and thoroughly clean a house; .' 3?o'do those duties really well .needamotionly intelligence but special-training. i C . The last word in the above quotation is the solution of-the whole ' question’.Education is training, not the hammerihg in of mere words, figureg, c Buh nthen, 1 means individualising the incidence of the teacher’s influence. “ This is the great virtue of jbpme influence, ~and; how is that to, be.exerted ’ :o.yer large' aggregations of children, , and where,: as in our Etpite , schools,, .only’a’tlunj. .bare s skeleton of some merely mental forms is the; daily exhibition and--routine 1 We note that: an attempt is to bqmade in some of our large 1 ’private"'scHoSls' to*’introduce ’’the' study 1 ofl .natural history -in-, more developed forms, rand the, newly-revised books issued by_ Mr GU ctirislhfor' elementary 0 ' clashes ’'in''th'e fi Sfcale; .schools .mrev; at; valuable r contribution- ;in aid' of j .teaching, .but,.“ wh%t- r s\esp,...aß»ong,. ~ap! many ” demands for educational reform in’the, -'directibn v ’bf 3 -practical ’*• life, 7 -and' - the- larger .e^ucajap%,. c pf ...the;,, . rS whple ’mature,? Brougham’s splendid aphorism as to the ease’ s witb' ) whicli ? mefa inay : beled v fi3d goverrihd,- but; not driven or enslaved wben,.e.duca,tipn..ha3ihad its way, must be taken to refer to something more than the three" B’3. That is of the larger: .inner, .life,, a .thing , almost,apart.; ■ Pentridgo -.to-day supplies iUus trations pf. this.... There we appllection of scoundrels whp have been taught a great deal more than the three R’s, but who were not effectually irained to bemengood, and true, and helpful -So, if we mass our boys and girls and teach them in battalions and' brigades hll? the ’greater /becomes the task .of parents in. supplying that -of .which, ,ali ; pur .’teaching is as sounding,, brass .or. a tinkling.cymbal. We ‘of” natural' sciencesp'mofe ’ respect Tor honest labor,-more training in’the eburtesies and-the moralities’ of life, 1 and then! BbtH Pur social‘and pohtical life' will be more really orderly and more safely progressive. , , 17 Fancy the tremendous" “ jilio'que”' question settled at last, and by Dr Dollinger! And yet so it is. At least-it-was so amongst a con ference of a “Uttle*'theological iove i feasf, ~ta s a writer in the Revuedes Deux Mondes phrases it, assembled there a few months ago under 5 Dr Dpllinger’s presidency. ; , We .take with ?the .business frdm the writer in the Revue, and find that the as sembled djvihesL'gQt!Cat 1 ’loggerheads over the long debated dogma of the procession until “frightful discord caused her serpents to hiss,” (and one’ night the ; grave-and-reverond seigniors!- ;yery nearly broke upfid inost admired diaordhif. ;The president was ini despair.' Ho went home' j a .sadder but, As to the way out of the dUE .cully,Vbyno nieans a wiser mqn. And yet all' the hopes of the projected fusion of Anglican, .Greek,..and, .QldjCathplip dashed tq_ pieces if the row over the “Jilioque" difficulty -could 1 not' l bo-settled somehow. Then, some "where near or actually- - - - I In the dend waist and middle of tho'night, the reverend doctor had a visitation, and shouted “Eureka!” His French commen tator says.it was “,a sudden illumination,”, and the next day ho hastened to reveal his groat dis - cbvery to the conference that,, we may suppose, sat quivering from the almost mortal, shocks of the previous .day’s debate. Greeks, Latins, and cooler compromising Anglicans sat together as Dr Dollinger. entered and electrified them' with his great, disco very. “ They were,” says the Frenchman, “ charmed and astonished,” And no wonder. It was Columbus and the egg over again. The doctor told. the Greeks that it .was true , that the Holy Ghost proceeded only from the Father, and they were charmed. The’ great Latin divine had’ at length become orthodox; ..and,/no / doubt,- .they stroked their reverend beards complacently.- But the doctor added, for the Latins, that the procession'was only “ through the Son.” This ingenious solui turn-of the vexed question “ reconciled as by;a charm’’. says our, Informant, “ all ; the soured and’ irritated - bosoms, the dogma > thus 7 inter preted was - voted with, enthusiasm, the; mpih,- bera;of 7 ; tho 'conference' embraced- each - other and left Bohn enchanted with: the happy use they had made of; their time.” , - • 1 