THE DESB'TITUITION ýMAN IMdMIGRANTS. The flllowing account is abridged from the Age. Inspector Smith left Batlallta ,n Friday evening, and after travelling all night reached the first German Camp, on Saturday. This camp is situated on Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine water holes, and- consists ,of thur. huts, used as dwellings, and two bark sheds u.ed for cooking and -other, purposes.. ¶There are three taumilies living in the Cocked [lat Camp, in all 10 people, three being males and seven females. There are two very old men, one a carpenter aged 65, and a saddler was away at the Dookie flour- mills, trying to obtain three bags of flour on credit. The visitors were received with great kindness, and Inspector Smith, as sisted by Mr. Miers the interpreter, ex plained the object of their visit. The physical condition of the people here ap peared to be as good as that of the ordi nary peasant. Seven are aged; one is a young w-oman about 21, there- is a boy about six, and the other a girl about two years old.'.: The last-nanied three 1doked relmarkably healthy and strong, slhowlng no marks of starvation. Amongst other qiiestionis the old man (the carpenter) was asked who induced them to come to this country, and his reply waius that God had called them and they were bound to comne. The huts were inspected, and everything appeared clean and- well conditioned. 'I here was' plenty. of furniture and.bed ding, all brouglit from home. Inspector. ;Smith asked them what prospects they hiid for the future. l?hey replied 'that they had.between the.two camps 800 acres of laud selected, and had' this year 60: aere 6of whe' t crop antid it they could rub along till the harvest was gathered,` they coield:get on.for the remainder of the year. I?t,was explained that:the two :cnaps were on the communistic arrangement. Being asked how they managed to get" the .crop in,they stated that when they arrived in Melbourne they bou~htla qa w gon, dray, 'plough; anid other timisng iuplements, and two horses, but they were :compelled to sell the horse tiid draiy to Carl Berndt's man for £5 each or £15 fuorthe lot which itiseeths they expended in 'food for the be nefit of the community. , Inspector Sinith promtised the?:relief, and,a smile of glad ness was observable.upon all around. The: inspector ;'theu:; proceeded- to .'lr Carl Berndt's farm, three miles' distant. This is the MSr ' Charles Btirnis".referred to in' the letter to the Geilman couisul. l3erndt tipokc. of the many acts of kindness he had done for the people of the other camp, where the great distress existed, aind that' they would not be guided by hitm ; so he had now given them up, as they were com pletely guided by a wotnu whoat they be lieved to be inspired by the oIuly Gbost. The other camp, " Hill Plin 'Camp," is two antd a half uiles distant from Mr Beriidt's, and lie was asked to eacormpany the party to the place; but he said he would uut unless he was paid foyit, as he had lost too much time already by them. However, he at last consented to go, beingl persuaded not to forfeit the.good nanumeie had already gained for his exertions in their behalf, and seeing that succor was at hand. The party then started for the camp, which consists of 10 bark hotr, and contains a?out 40 .people, mtstly wontio cn:! children. The interpreter, as befire explained the object of the vieit. At . table in the hut, t~cing the door, sal a man and woman both engaged sewiog a pieceo of print. The fem:le was about 25 years? old, finer feet six inches high, with a most` repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a: pug nose, roug.h black hair and sunkens eyes. She took no notice of the intrusion. Inspector Smith desired to he introduced to the prophetess, and the woman was brought .orward as that person:age. On being interrogated by the interpeter in re f;rence to her in-piration, she fell into one of her entmlar trances. In these trances she says the Holy Ghost visits her, and in structs her how she is to govern the people,: who to all appearance religiously believe. in her. Mr Smith told the interpreter toy let her know that unless she were out of. the trance i: le?s than two mIinutes he" would have her removed to a lnnatic asy lutm, from which place she would never get away. This appeared to have the de-: sired effeict, ftr she instantly recovered, but put no the simulation of great prow-s tration and excitement. 