THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 1, 1875. Considering: the action of the Assembly last session, the discussion that took place yesterday in that branch of the Legislature was hardly one that should have been expected, and its tone in several respects was not creditable to the House that was asked to take a different course now from that formerly adopted, and this without [ any other apparent purpose than to object for the sake of objecting ; a modo of proceeding that we confess we should scarcely have ex- pected the hon. Member for Brighton to initiate. We refuse to accept as of any importance the argument on which the hon. Member sought delay. It was simply absurd to say that there was any attempt to take the House by surprise, or to force on a division on a subject of which the House was in ignorance. As was pointed out by the At- torney-General, the question had been before the Parliament for several years, and lost ses- sion the general question involving the construc I tion of the line had received the sanction of the Assembly. A fair and honest discussion could therefore only be on matters of detail, or in con- nection with tlie increased coat which it is now found is involved in proceeding. The opposi- tion of the Members for Brighton and Morven was not confined to details. The latter was anxious to know where the money to pay the interest on the cost was to como from. He was desirous of following the prudent course of not building till lie had first sat down and counted the cost-a praiseworthy caution, but one that challenged two objections. The one is that a literal application of the rule of counting the cost would stop every public work, for the direct 'and the indirect benefits have both to be taken into account, and the latter may be matter of question even after the now work has been fully developed. The hon', Mombergavo an instance of this in connection with the Launceston and Western Railway. The other objection is, that the opponents of the railway proceed on the assumption that the Ministry cannot give a satisfactory answor. An assumption that pro- ceeds on the further assumption that an explana- tion that is not satisfactory to a few, cannot be satisfactory to any. The hon. Member for Brighton took up, however, a still moreobjection able position. Ho, and the question was not in keeping with his usual liberality of opinion, asked the House to consider whether the pro- posed cost was one that could be fairly expended in,the district through which the line passes, or was not a sum that was above what the district I had a right to expect. Now we do not hesitate to say that what the district expected, or did not expect, has nothing to do with the question, nor should it influence the Houso, Parliament has not been -appealed to by the district ; it trusts to the fortuitous circumstance that a great public work cannot be carried out without passing through it. Nor does Government profess to carry out the work for the benefit of the district. It is not a question of districts, but a great public work that has to be considered. The House of Assembly must lost session havo boon presumed to have had satisfactory evidence before it of the pro- priety and necessity of the line ; and therefore it was not so much for Government to show reason for again introducing a measure which tho Council refused to sanction without further information, as for those who challenged the propriety of proceeding with the work, to show causo why they asked the Assombly now to stultify itself by receding from the position it has hitherto taken up. To tho principle of tho Railway from Deloraine to tho River Mersey, the House of Assombly is committed. There remain, therefore, only the questions of details and cost. That of details was appropriate to the Committee of Supply, and the opposition ^ to the House resolving itself into such Committee suggests some ulterior design. Tho dismay that was expressed 8B to the larger proposed expenditure of this year's scheme, was quickly diBpelled by the Minister, of Lands. Whether the original bargain with the company that commenced the con- struction of the line, and failed in carrying it out, was a good or bad one, is not now a question for discussion. Very probably Parliament made a very bad bargain with the company. Most certainly the company made a higldy unfavourable bargain with Govern- ment, for its capital has been all swallowed up, and its assets sold under authority of the Court, and become the property (of the pur I chasers from the mortgagees, whoso title it would be worse than useless to dispute. Whether I Government propose togive the present owners of the company's property too much for that pro- perty ,is a legitimate questionforParliaments The Colony is not bound to buy from the company, and tho company is not bound to sell to itho Colony. It is a mere matter of price and value. Both parties to the bargain are free agents. Neither can bo coerced by the other-a point necessary to be kept in view in dealing with the arrangements for tho con- struction of the line. There is no use in regrets as to the bad bargain tho Colony may have made with the company years ago. The Parliament has merely to dotormine whether it gets value for what it proposes now to pay. It resolved in the affirmative lost year; and the Ministbr of Lands yesterday re-assured. the House that Government had obtained the best possible bargain. The only thing the House, if it is to bo consistent, has now to consider, is the question of cost. Of this the sum payable to those coming in place of the mortgagees is but a small item. £70,000 was the sum proposed last year; £105,000 ¡b now stated to be required. The Minister of Lands showed that one-half of the increase is sot down for extending the line past the station in the township of Latrobe and on to deep water-an extension that is absolutely necessary, if the past reproach of the line as origi- nally laid down, of which it was said it began and ended nowhere-is not to bo continued. To have the terminus of the railway from four to six miles from water carriage is such a self-evident absur- dity that tho cost of tho extension U a judicious expenditure. The other chief portion of the increase arises from tho necessity which the ougineor discovered of entirely condemning the Bloopers, etc., of the company, and laying the whole line anew. If the voto of £70,000 last year commended itself to tho House, the addi tional sum can only be objected to from other than public grounds. It must commend itself to all. The former was a rough guess. The prosont proposed sum, the Minister of Lands said, would give the Colony a com- plote lino in complete working order ; and the absolute' necessity of the line to connect ono of its most important, but at presont outlying, districts with the rest of the Colony, was forcibly impressed by him. The Devon and North West Coast districts are ontitlod to consideration, oven if, as Dr. Bptlbr argued, the district through which the line is to run, is not. And should any one argue that neither tho district through which the line passes, nor the districts beyond, are ontitled to such an expenditure, he will not be bold enough, if ho is capable of looking beyond the most superficial consequences, to deny that the rail- way is a great public work ; one not for the benefit of a part of the Colony, but that will ex- tend its influences wherever there is growth, produce, or manufacture to be convoyed, or materials to be procured for the purposos of trade and industry. In the Legislative Council last ovening, Dr. Crowther moved that, as the present stato of the Gonoral Hospital is most unsatisfactory, an address be presented to His Excellency praying that ho will be pleased to cause such stops to be taken as will give immediate effect to the resolu- tions appertaining to the Hospital passed by the Council ,011 16th September last. The hon. Member, in Bupport of his motion, mode sevoral very strong statements which Government sought to mako light of, but which any of our readers who have followed what wo have said as to the condition of the Hospital, and considered the evidence's we have adduced in support of what wo havo said, will not feel themselves in a posi- tion to dispute. Wo cannot but rogrot that the present Government should all through its career have felt it its duty to obstruct a reform of that most ill-conducted institution, the Hospital ; ill- conducted, not so much from any fault of the .medical- staff or' of 'the other officials of the hospital, as because the peculiar construction And class of buildings render it impossible that the Hospital can fulfil the purpose for which it is intended; and the insuperable difficulty in one respect probably leads to neglect and indifferenco in matters that aro within the compass of the Hospital staff. The reasons that actuate Government in this matter aro not very easily undoistood. There is no doubt a certain pride in opposing anything coming from the mover of the motion yesterday before the Council. We fear that in Hospital matters, at any rato, if there is little doubt that Dr. Crowther is dissatisfied with whatever is attributable to Ministers, they reciprocate in strenuously re- sisting every recommendation that proceeds from Dr. Crowther. This gentleman has no doubt peculiar and strong notions on hospital manage- ment. But it is equally undoubted that the views he propounds, though they may prove somewhat rough on his brother medicos, have for their object the good of the suffering poor, and aro intended not only to relieve distress, but to afford more efficacious means of promoting and expediting recovery. And it is not creditable to Government that they so systematically resort to " masterly inactivity " where they cannot see their way to more direct opposition. We believe that in some instances Government have shown a peculiar interest in certain officers of the Hospital; a marked jealousy of anytliing likely to prove unpleasant to them ; and no great favour to any employés who are presumed to be obnoxious to these favoured officers, that is detrimental to the Hospital. We could name several irritating instances of interference, and for presumed causes which, it was within our own knowledge, were founded on mistaken impressions. But we care not to go into personal matters between Government and the officers of the Hospital, or among the officers themselves. _ We prefer to deal with the more public questions which were brought to the sur- face in the discussion«! regard to Dr. Crowther's motion. As Dr. Crowther reminded the Council yesternight, the Colonial Secretary last session asked that whatever action was to be then taken might 'be Buch as would have the effect of putting the Hospital at once and effectually on a proper footing. Yet despite the resolution of the Council of last session, the Government have virtually declined to do their duty. This is, in fact, the case notwithstanding the answer of the Colonial Secretary that the Council having sought the concurrence of the Assembly, nothing further had been heard of the resolutions, and Government were not in a posi- tion to act. An activo and willing Ministry would not have left the Hospital with all its imperfections for a whole year without an »attempt at remedy. Not only has no change been introduced in the arrangements of the buildings, but a disgraceful state of affairs, deny it as the Colonial Secretary may, has been allowed to exist. _ The Doctor read a report of a visit to the Hospital, that recently appeared in the columns of The Mercury, and said he could vouch for its accuracy. He proceeded to charge deceit somewhere, in an inspection of the Hospital having been yesterday obtained after ten days had been spent in cleansing and' removing, as far as possible, the evidences of filth, dirt, and failure of purpose that presented themselves when the previous visit was paid. The Doctor took advantage of a denial by the Colonial Secretary that the Government had anything to do with the cleaning up, or subsequent inspection, to say that thora was the more shame attributable to those entrusted with the management that they could divert from its legitimate channel all the available labour strength of the Hospital for ten days, in removing evidences of previous neglectaud more objectionable practices. Passing fruin these minor matters, the Doctor dealt with the evidence last year laid before the Select Committee, and called the attention of the Council to several glaring defects in the arrangement and capability of the Hospital. He domauded, in the name of public health, that the Hospital be set in order at once 'and for ever, and made to include the means of separating diseases, and affording facilities for troatment. Considering that the Council last year passed the very resolution Dr. Crowther yester- day desired repeated, and therefore stood committed to the course asked, it might have boen expected that, if the Govern- ment had no objeotion to the address but that which arises from its having, by an accident, fallen through in the Assembly, they would have allowed the motion for the address to be carried without advorse comment. But the Colonial Secretary, while according to Dr. Crowther credit for his zeal and sincerity of motive, and professing his satisfaction at the granting of a Select Committee lost sesaion, and his desire to see the Hospital raised from a state of admitted deficiency in its organisation, to one more adequate to the requirements of the purposes of an hospital, foil back on the failure of the Assembly to deal with the resolution last Bossion, and said that, in then sending the reso- lutions to the Assembly, Dr. Crowther had taken the whole responsibility out of the hands of tho Executive Government. Wo say it with regret, but we say it without any hesitation, that the Colonial Secretary in this line of argument, resorted to a quibble ; and he did not improve his position by saying that the resolutions of last year proposed an expendi- ture and system of management to which Government could not agree without the sanction of Parliament, while ho went on, in repudiation of the charge of do- nothingism, to say that they had adopted many of the recom- mendations. This system of fast and loose will hardly carry conviction. Either these resolu- tions were something, or they were, nothing ; and if tho Govemmont felt that they were relieved of all responsroilityin connection with them, they should not take credit to themselves for giving effoct to so much of them as simply meet their own idoas. There was something amusing in the Colonial Secretary's anxiety lost in agitating tho quostion now, Dr. Crowther might defeat his own object by rousing the jealousy of the "other place," by a motion that might be considered a demand for money. It may be so, but if we mistake not, the hon. Colonial Secretary was yesterday equally unfortunate in the attitudo he took up, and ia simply offering a resistance that will make the forced yielding of Government, if it continue long enough in office for the natural outcome of a growing public feeling, more humiliating. They m»y stave off the necossity, but they may rest assured Dr. Crowther's ÍiropoBals ' will bo mainly carried out in the ong run. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Legislative Council,-In the Legislative Council yesterday, the Real Property Limitation Bill, Infants' Relief Bill, the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Amendment Bill, and the Yendor and Purchaser Bill, were passed, and returned to the Assembly. The Scab Acts Consolidation Bill was re-committed, and several further amendments made. Tho Kerosene Storage Bill, the Hobart Town Rivulot Improvomont Bill, and the Launoes. ton Sewerage Bill, wero read a second time, and the first and third of these bills passed through committee without alteration. On the motion of Dr. Crowther, it was agreed that an address be Eresented to the Governor, praying that he would o pleased to cause a bill to be brought in 'having for its object the control and better education of midwives practising in the colony. Dr. Crowther moved that an address be presented to His Excel- lency the Governor, praying that be will be pleased to cause such steps to be taken as will give immediate effect to tho resolutions appertaining to the General Hospital passed by the Legislative Council on the 16th September last. After a lengthy speech by the hon. member, the Colonial Seoretary replied, and concluded by moving the adjournment of tho debate till Tuesday next. The motion was agreed to. House of Assembly.-The proceedings in the House of Assembly last night were languid, and almost devoid of interest. The Barristers and Attorneys Aot Amendment Bill, the Debentures (£46,000) Bill, and the Destitute Children Bill were read a third time. The motion on the notice paper to appropriate £.105,000 for the construction of the Mersey and Deloraine Tramway provoked a warm dobato, and ultimately the consideration of the question was postponed to allow members time to study the papers on that subject, Tho House thon wont into Committee of Supply. There was considerable disoussion on the vote for charitable grants and for ponai establishments, but ultimately all tho votos for those items wore passed, with the exception of that for the Hobart Town General Hospital, which wai postopned till after the dis- cussion of tho motion on that subjoct, of which Mr. Lewis has given notice The Gunpowder Regula- tion Bill passod through committee with very slight alterations ; and bills authorising the Munioipal Council of Launceston to borrow £20,000 for the purpose of increasing the water supply, and to amond the law with roference to the falsification of accounts were introduced by the Attorney-General. The House adjourned at ten minutes to 11. The Custom Houhu.-Wo havo been informed that a very unpleasant, as well as unhealthy, odour pervades tho building in which the Customs busi ness is transacted. Tho nuisance has existed for several years, and as yet all endeavours to discover its sourcQ have been ineffectual. Perhaps defeotive drainage has something to do with it. If so, repairs should at once be effected, or the Custom House will beoome to the clerks engaged therein, what a member of Parliament who occasionally calls ia there, style» "»living coffin," I TnE Hospital.-The General Hospital yesterday occupied the attention of the Legislative Council, and during the discussion there was a distinet'eon trariety of opinion between Dr. Crowther and the Colonial Secretary. The latter, after reading over a report of a visit to tho Hospital that appeared in The Mercury on the 26th ulfc, and -confirming almoBt ovory item of that report, boldly asserted that it was false, and was published with tho design to deceive. This Dr. Crowther denied, and said lie vouched for its truth, though he was not one of the visitors. The Colonial Secretary, on this, got rather I warm, and too hastily pledged his voracity for what wob not within his knowledge. We venture to say that in so boldly asserting that the Hospital is, ana hasbeon, ina creditable state, Mr. Chapman has not even seen a part of the Hospital referred to in the report, and eau know nothing of it. Paupers Nor Otherwise Provided For.-A vote of £6,000 under this heading was called in question, yeBterday, by Mr. Belbin, who desired to know the cause of this ever increasing increase, as having a pauperising and demoralising effect. The establishments, he held, should moro nearly ap {iroach the wants of the colony, and thus deprive oafing paupers of a questionable assistance on which they now confidently relied. Mr. Fysh replied, nnd the import of what he said was that the vote would go on increasing till a labour test was applied. The hon. gentlemen did not, however, say, how such a test was to be applied except by complaining that the other branch of the legislature had refused the means of applying the proper remedy. But he did not Bay why, as suggested by Mr. Belbin, Govern- ment did not take advantage of the Benevolent Society's agency or themselves institute some labour test. The proposed erection of additional pnblio buildings will not ease tho burden, but simply re- move it from one shoulder to another. The Member for West Hobart.-In another' column will be found a requisition (signed by a number of the electors of West Hobart) addressed to Mr. James Gray, M.H.A., intimating that the said electors feet dissatisfied with his vote in Parlia- ment on Thursday last, in relation to the appropria- tion of £200 for Queen's Plates, and requesting bim to resign. Tho requisition appears to be curiously worded, or else the representatives of the signatures attached have appropriated to themselves an unqualified amount of representative responsibility. With a dash of apparently wounded and incor | ruptiblo political austerity they remind Mr. Gray that he has "seriously compromised tho tastes and interests of his constituents, as well as those of his fellow-citizens and colonists at large." Verily, the ghosts of the Tooley-street tailors have burst their oerementB, and Mr. Gray will, we presume, treat the requisition with the respect it deserves frame it and keep it as an evidence of the folly of a score or two of the electors of West Hobart. TnE Boardinq-out Systew.-The vote of £1,800 for the maintenance bf destitute children yesterday, evoked a slight discussion that should be sufficient to cause the friends of this system of bringing up children, preferring it to herding them in orowds, to be on their guard. Ministers damnod the system with faint praise, and some tried advoeates showed themselves discouraged, though the reports are of the most favourable character. The great deficiency of the system was said to bo the difficulty in sustaining an interest on tho part of Christian ladies in the supervision. But have Government taken any trouble to introduce and give such supervision a fair trial? Supreme Court.-Yesterday being the first day of the third term, their Honors the Chief Justice (Sir Francis Smith, Knight), and the Puisne Judge (Mr. Justice Dobson) sat in banco to hear motions, etc. Before proceeding with that business, how- ever, their Honors delivered judgment in two suits argued last term. In the first Buckland (Curator) v. Ellis, in which a rule was obtained by the defendant (pursuant to leave reserved at tho trial) to set aside tho verdict for the plaintiff, and to enter a nonsuit, the Court made absolute the rulo, non- suiting the plaintiff. In Cape v. Harelay (Manager of the Commercial Bank) in which a rule nUl had been obtained by plaintiff, oalling upon the defen- dant to furnish the plaintiff with an account of the sale of a certain cargo of goods belonging to plaintiff, which had been sold by, or by order of, the defen- dant's agent ;-the Court ruled that the plaintiff had made out a case entitling him to an account of such sale, and ordered accordingly. On the motion of the Attorney-General the rule nisi obtained by the defendant iu Simmons v. Kearney was enlarged until Friday next, the learned counsel intimating that he hoped in the meantime a compromise on the basis suggested by Mr.'Justice Dobson, would be accepted by the parties. The Attorney-General next moved the Court to fix a day for the examina- tion of witnesses in the Ecclesiastical suit Potter v. Dillon, and the Court fixed Monday next, at 10 o'clock, intimating at the same time that, should it become neoesaary, the Court would sit do die In diem. The remaining motion was in the divorce suit of Williams v. Williams and O'Keefe. Mr. Elliston moved to make absolute a decree nisi, pronounced on the 2nd February last, dissolving the marriage of the apellant to the respondent, on the ground of her adultery with the co-respondent. Affidavits were produced that the decree niri had been served on the respondent and co-respondent,, and that no ap- pearance had been made by them, or by anyone on their behalf. The Court, thereupon, made absolute the decree dissolving the marriage, and thon ad- journed until Friday. Important Ruling on the Construction of the Curator's Estates Act.-During the arguments in the suit, Buckland v. Ellis, tried in Launceston soiuo months ago, an objection was raised to the jurisdic- tion of tho plaintiff (who is the Curator of Estates) I to institute proceedings without an order from the I Court. Yesterday the Supreme Court delivered judgment on a point reserved at the trial of the action ; and, whilst nonsuiting the plaintiff, the Chief Justice referred to the above important point as follows :-" An objection was raised by tho coun- sel for the defendant upon the construction of the Curator's Estates Act, which it is not necessary, for the purposes of this case, to decide. But as the point is of considerable practical importance we may say that, having considered it, wo think that 'it is not requisito for the Curator to obtain the order of the Court or a judge to sanction the institution by him of proceedings at law or in equity, but that all claims and de , manda upon the estato of a deceased person, made against him, must be by petition ; and that ho cannot bo othorwiso sued in respect of such claims and demands without an order of the Court or a judge, unless ho chose to ftaive that privilege." Warning to Crimpers.-The familiar face of Mr. Thomas Bennett was once more seen at the Police Court yesterday, when he appeared to answer a charge laid by Captain Hamblin, of the American whaling ship, Eliza Adams, of having persuaded a Portuguese seaman named John Jasper to desert from his ship. The evidence of two other Portuguese and a black man named John Mitchell, all of whom were seamen on board the Eliza Adams, proved that Bennett had told them that had Captain Hamblin been a good friend to him all would have been well, but if that gentleman did not take care he would lose every man on board his ship. The evi- dence for the defence went to prove how "innocent " the defondant was. How that on several occasions he had told Jasper to go on board his ship, and that when Jasper came to him and asked him to stow him away, he was told by Bennett that he had had enough trouble with seamen, and would not have anything to do with them any more. The Police Magistrate and Mr. Huybers J.P., took a different view of the case and considered it proved. In fining the defendant the Police Magistrate remarked that there was no doubt that he had an animus against Captain Hamblin, and had endeavoured to give vent to it in enticing the captain's crew away. His Worship also dwelt upon the injury which was done to the port by Bennett and men of his class. The penalty imposed was £15 and £2 2s. professional cost. The defendant asked leave to appeal but was met with a reply that unless the fine and costs were immediately paid he would be incarcerated in the gaol for three months. EsolishGame.-Three or four years ago Sir Ro bort Officor, Mr. Morton Allport, and Mr. Graves, with the liberal aid of other good colonists, set ni liberty some English hares on Green Island, in tho curve of D'Entrecastcaux Channel. These have in- creased to such a degreo that it now becomes desir- able to remove some of them to Bruni and the main land. To this end an application has been made to the Glenorchy municipality for the loan of Mr. Ikin's confiscated soine, so that it may be stretched across the narrow parts of the island and tho game taken without harm. Added to this idea it is pleasant to mention that Mr. David Lewis has lent his pretty littlo steam yacht for the purpose, and under tho guidance of his son a party of naturalists steam away down quietly on Saturday next (when tho English mail closes) at about sundown. It is inten- ded that the sparo hares are to be sot at liberty on Bruni, Lanhearno, Richmond Park, Frogmoro, and at York Plains ; and wo might add that wo wish tho endeavour all tho success its originality deserves. The Prooress ok Larrikinism.-Ruffianism in [ the streets of the city appears to be at a white heat, and King Larrikin holds undisputed Bway at night, , while polico vigilance is ensconced in blankets. By roforence to our ndvortiBomcnt columns it will bo seen that Mr. W. Fisher, of Elizabeth-street; of lui s a reward of £20 for the conviction of tho offenders who wilfully besmeared tho door and front of his shop with tar on Monday night ;' and Mr. Alexander McGregor offers a reward of £5 for the conviction of the persons who destroyed the windows of his i store, adjoining the Neptune Inn, Now Wharf. Perhaps the collective amount of tho rewards will inoite the required dogree of,regulation activity towards the apprehension of the.porpotrators of these wanton and meaningless outragea. It may bo mentioned that Mr. Fisher was not the only sufferer on Monday night, as the shutters and doors of several other shopkeepers were also besmeared, as was bIbo portions of the street pavements. The Circus.-Owing to tho'inoleinont stato of the weather lost evening there was no porformanco at the Circus. An aftornoon performance will bo hold to- day,and a chango of programme is announcod for tho evening. ? Thanks.-The members of the Light of Queen- borough Lodge of Good Templars return thanks by advertisement to all persons not connected with the Lodge who assisted by subscriptions towards purchasing a piano for the um of the Lodge, ' "TnE Peoples' Friend."-We have received the September number of this periodical. It con- tains much reading that will be fonnd useful and interesting to those engaged in the temperance cause. With regard to the new Licensing Bill, the Friend says it " is a slight improvement in some respects on the present law, and we presumo it is on this account that the liquor dealers are mustcring,their forces to oppose it." A visit from the Hon. S. D. Hastings is spoken of as drawing very near. "Self-Deceived, or Six Degrees of Intem ferance."-This is the title of a series 'of verses composed by Mr. Philip Phillips, better known as the " Singing Pilgrim/' and author of the "Ameri- can Sacred Songster," and set to music. As the title indicates, the verses are illustrative of six degrees of drunkennesB, beginning with wine and old ale, and ending with gin and delirium. We aro indebted to Messrs. J. Walch and Sons for a copy. It is calculated to do more good than volumes of lectures. Colonial Newspaper Enterprise.-By the last intercolonial mail that arrived at Hobart Town we received a copy of the Queenslander, a weekly journal published at Brisbane. Although an old ex- change with The Mercury, our old friend appeared iu such new and motly form that we scarcely recog- nised his identity. He has had such a literary and mechanical clipping and shampooing that his present spruce and compact appearance is cheering and hopeful as compared with his previous cumbrous and expanded dimensions. Leaving aside metaphor, the Queenslander appears in a new form-instead of the old eight-page demy size it now appears as a thirty two page paper, eight pages of the present size, equal to four of the old one, having been added. As a literary and mechanical production, it certainly is a credit to the Australian colonies. The alteration has been effected at a great outlay, and so thoroughly enterprising is the spirit of the proprietary, that they have imported machinery which effects the folding, stitching, and cutting of the paper in exoellent style, thereby placing it in the hands of subscribers ready for reading. This is more than any other journai has accomplished in the Australian colonies. The Queenslander is set off by a thoroughly colonial landscape vignette, illustrative of the name of the paper as well as the natural and acclimatised pro- ducts of the colony. The Weather.-The genial spring weather that prevailed during the last three days, has been succeeded by a heavy and steady rainfall, which set in yesterday afternoon, and continued without intermission during the night. Our Laun- ceston correspondent, writing on Monday evening, remarkB:-5' We are suffering from wretched weather, and have not had suoh a severe winter for years. After a fortnight's almost continuous raiu, Saturday was a fine day, and everybody hoped the weather had changed, but Sunday (which was a fine day in Hobart Town) dawned cold, wet, and 'blustery, and it has rained continuously since up to six o'clock this afternoon." Northern Poultry Show.-A special meeting of tho Tasmanian Poultry Society's committoe was held last evening to appoint representatives and make necessary arrangements for sending Sonthern exhibits to Launceston next week. Mr. George Crisp (Mayor) occupied tho chair. The hon. secre- tary, Mr. Chapman, reported that on Monday night ho had received seventy entries from different members of the society to competo at the forth- coming exhibition, principally in the poultry, pigeon, and dairy produoe sections. Messrs. Carson, M'Auley, Russell Bros., Fuller, Smith, Fleming, Dossetor, aud Chapman being the chief exhibitors. It was resolved that a moiety of the expense of transit of Southern exhibits be paid by the society, and on the motion of the secretary, seconded by Mr. Burgess, Messrs. Dossetor, Russell, M'Auley, and Smith were appointed delegates to attend the show and take charge of exhibits. A telegram was read from the Northern secretary (Mr. Israel) stating that at a mooting held to receive entries on Monday night, at the Criterion Hotel, there was a very largo attendance of intending exhibitors, and that at 11 o'clock the total list of entries was an- nounced as having reached the splendid total of 633, of which 70 were from the old Southern Society, as telegraphed by Mr. Chapman. The announcement was received with great applause, and the fact that this is the largest number yet registered for either Northern or Southern shows speaks volumes as to the pro- gress of the association. It is expected the list will be augmented by post entries received to-day, so that the now pavilion will be put to the ccst as to its accommodating properties. The Campbell Town Society also contributes a goodly number of exhibits, and many como from the Longford and Westbury districts. The exhibition bids fair to be a most successful and interesting one, aud notwithstanding keen competition, we may have the pleasure, wo hope, to record that a fair share of the prizes has fallen to the credit of the Tasmanian Poultry Society's mombers. We are Bomowhat suprised to find that the new Hobart Town Society does not figure in the Northorn Association's grand list of exhibitors. Can it be that their entries have miscarried in any way, for we understood there were to be exhibits both various and good from tlte " old fanciers ! " If this is so, the Southern fanoy will lose some eredit. while the Northeners may possibly be the gainers ! 1 The Philadelphia Exhibition.-It will be seen by.advcrtiaement in another column that Mr. H. M. Hull, secretary to the Exhibitions Commission, re- quests that country gentlemen will furnish the council clerk of the nearest municipality with a single copy of any photographs illustrative of their residences, or of beautiful scenery in their neigh- bourhood, in order that the photographs may be inoluded in an album of rural munioipal scenery in Tasmania, which it is intended to forward to Phila delpbia. Cornelian Bay Cemetery.—Under the superin- tendence of Mr. Sangwell, the above cemetery is being tastefully laid out, and planted with shrubs and flowers. We regret to state that some un- principled individuals have stolen a number of the shrubs. It is to be hoped that some clue will be obtained whereby the offenders may be brought to account for their sacrilege before a magistrate. The Victoria Tent, I.O.R.-The twentieth an- niversary of the Victoria Tent, I.O.R., was cele- brated lost evening by a soiree in tho Alliance Rooms. About 200 persons sat down to an excel- lent tea provided by Messrs. Haywood and Son, after which a public meeting was held. Bro. Quin, CR., occupied the chair. After an address from tho chairman, the secretary read the annual report, which showed that the Tent had £840 to its credit. The receipts for the year had been £224, and the expenditure £226. Fourteen new members had been initiated, making a total numbor of 76. Ad- dresses were then given by Bros. J. Audrews, W. Smith, G. S. Crouch, and C. Miller. A number of songs, selections of music, and readings, were given by the choir, assisted by several ladies and gentle- men. Altogether the evoning was a very enjoyable one. Forcett.-A correspondent writes undor date 29th tilt. :-" Yesterday a largo quantity of mullet came into the little bay opposite tho Loursham Hotel. Messrs. Thorne and Parker brought their not into play, aud in one haul landed from throe to four hundred dozen of mullet on the boacb The numbor seems incredible, but this quantity ¡b rather under the estimate of those who landed thom. I may say that this is not the lint great haul that has been made in the self same work. It ia the intention, I bolieve, of Messrs. Thorne and Parkor, to dispose of the fish in the city. The seal that was seen here about ten days ago has beon captured on the Seven Mile Beach, at the foot of Single Hill. A person named Bumford, with " old Bob," the ploughman, were the cap toi a. Its whereabouts and winter's residence -a cave not very far from the spot where it was killed-was known by a gentleman living hero, who has ' had some experience with those creatures 'before." The amphibian was brought to town and purchased by Mr. Ornant, furrier, who inteuds drossing tho skin. The head and fins have been on "view in the window of'Mr. Cearns, fishmonger. Tin: Rev. A. Stackhou.se.- It is notified that the subscription list for the testimonial to the Rev. A. Stackhouso^will be closed to-monow (Thursday). Good Templars.-The members of the Hope of Tasmania Lodge will give an entertainment at tho Alliance Kooma on Thursday evening, the 2nd inst. Guild of St. John.-A speoial members' meeting 'will be held at 7'30 this evening, for the purposo of receiving the resignation of the Rev. C. P. Greene as president of the Guild, and to admit a successor. Shooting Match.-A shooting match will bo held ou Saturday next at Brighton, for two pigs, a bay pony, and a silver watch and albert chain. Brighton Ploughing Match. - Persons in- terested in the Brighton annual ploughing match are requested by advertisement to attend a meeting at the Epsom Hotel, at seven o'clock on Saturday evoning. Masonic Ball.-The annual ball in aid of the Tasmanian Maaonio Benevolent Fund will be held at tho Town Hall on Wednesday, the 22nd inst. Insufficiently Stamped.-Mr. James Bailey, Carlton, Melbourne ; Mrs. Symonds, Rov. É. Symonds, Wollahra, Sydney. 