A GHOST STORY. A curious ghost story, the soene of whioh is laid in a gaol, is related by the New York Times of March 11" Hackensaok, iu Bergen County, has a sensation in the shape of a genuine gliost which haunts the county gaol, and creates the utmost consternation and alaim among the prisoners aud other inmates. The spirit has been recognised as that of John W. Avery, the young man who was hanged in the gaol on June 28, 1872, for murder. The mysterious phenomena which accompany the appearance of the spirit were at first attributed to some plan of escape concocted by the prisoners, but recent developments prove that suoh is not the case. A prisoner named Wallace, who was confined in the gaol in October Inst, ond who was familiar with Avery, solemuly affirms that his spirit appeared one night, and was distinctly seen to walk arouud one of the tiers, and pull the .bedclotliing off a German prisoner who was con fined in the cell formerly occupied by Avery. The German, who is still a prisoner, confirms the story, and many persons wno visited Avery now remember that lie made a solemn promise before, his death to revisit the gaol after his execution. The story of his latest appearance .seemed to be well authenticated, several of the prisoners i thoroughly agreeing in their statement of all the alleged facts. The phenomenon occurred about midnight on Sunday, and there is no doubt that the utmost consumption and alarm prevailed .auioug the prisoners. ! As is customary in all well-regulated ghost stories, the clock had just i ceased, striking 1S$ .;when a soft, unnatural light 'filled the whole interior, of the gaol and awakened all/ the pr},son?r£.-Some of .them were terror? 'stricken, 'and,,buried their heads, bpn^athi the be&clo;'thirig,' wliile others seemed ,,to. .Jbe paralyse)! so'that they could not move,! atid were ?thus compelledto be unwilling witnessed of the supernatural scenes and sounds' that1 followed. . They- solemnly aver that they heard one of the windows raised*! and felt the- cold feir tush in. Then: the;shadowy; form of a man,' all plainly Yi#le exq9pt the legsj seemed , to glide between ,the.,bars,and. up,the stairs to the.) toprtier of cells..,, The figure stopped in front,of the cell 'wlii^llljad^pen occupied by Avery, and opening. the ,door, ' entered. The* opening and closing of the door were distinctly heard. After the lapse of a fefr tuinutfe's thefigure' reappeared, and its, > footfalls on the steps as it 'descended again were : distinctly heard. The figure'passed arouud all the tiera of cells, and then floated down to the , wash room, arid was heard to turn on thewater. Finally the gliost "returned to the window and disappeared as it had entered, and, the bluish light gradually faded away, This is substanti ally the story as, told by Beveral of the prisoners, who $aipi to'have been eye-wittiesses, and'eit* pr^p their firm belief, that they saw Avery's ghost." 