GENERAL NEWS. We have been requested to state that John Maddern, mason, of Gouger-street, is not the John Maddern "who was fined this morning at the Police Court for beating his wife. Private advices by the last Californian mail via Sydney convey the intelligence that the much-needed rains had set in, and that the prospects of the Californian harvest were good. Wheat was worth §1,50, and freight to the United Kingdom, 50i. to 523. Gd. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were brought to a close on Wednesday, when the prisoners who had beeD convicted were brought up and sentenced. In the case Kegina v. Field the parties were allowed to confer, the solicitor for Field pointing out that in conferring there would be no Imputation on the prosecutrix. The Court adjourned till next day, when the case of _L. Wittgenstein, found guilty of creating a nuisance will be finally set tled, the parties having been allowed to confer. His Honor the Chief Justice intimated that the Full Court would not sit until Wednesday next, on account of the Easter holidays. An accident, which proved fatal, oc curred at Two Wells on Saturday, March 20, to a young lad about 11 years of age, the son of Mr. Pollock, teamster. When the lad, in com pany with his father, was going Through the township with a bullock-team, he fell by some means over the railing of the dray in front of the wheel, which passed over his body, breaking his arm in two planes, and injuring his stomach and ribs to a great ex tent. Dr. Doneau was at once called in, and after attending to the sufferer, ordered him to be conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital, where he died on Monday evening. An inquest was begun on Tuesday, but it was adjourned, there being no evidence produced to account for the injuries that caused death, The anniversary services of the Brighton Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday the 2lst inst. Sermons were preached by the Ilevs. W. P. Wells and J. Bickford. Tea and public meetings were held on Tuesday evening, which were fairly attended. Mr. James Scott, who presided over the latter, gave some interesting observations on church life in the old country, referring to the vast influence exerted by Methodism there, both by ministers of great learning and ability, and by laymen holding high civil and political positions, and whose wealth seemed to be consecrated to good and benevolent purposes. Rev. G. W. Patchell spoke on a few of the encouraging signs of the times. The report of the Treasurer (Mr. G. W, Chinner), read by the Rev. J. Bickford, showed j that by a little exertion £50 had been paid off the debt, part of which had been incurred during the year in renovating the interior of the church, A very successful entertainment was given by the Adelaide United Dramatic Society, in Gouger-street Academy, on Monday, March 22, to a very good house. Mr. Jas. Cater pre sided, and after a few interesting remarks" by the Chairman, the programme was gon8 through, consisting of songs, recitations, scenes, dialogues, &o.; The whole concluded with the laughable farce, "The Ghost in the Pawnshop.Those members taking part were Messrs. J. Fraser, G. Anstey, J. Rsff, F. Chap man, L. Jocey, 0. James, A. Brockelhurst, A, Clancy, and Misses C. King, M. J. Johns, M. McKee, and E, Cooke. Several songs were greatly applauded. The Prince Alfred Drum and Fife Band enlivened^ the entertainment with some excellent music. A trio on the flutes was greatly applauded. Great praise is due to Mr. E. Worming, tho leader, for the manner in which the Band play. On Thursday a deputation, consisting of the Hons. W. Parkin, W. Sandover, and T, Hogarth. Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P., F. E. H, W. Krichauff, M.P., D. Gollan, and J. Rankine, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands with reference to a memorial which had been sect in relative to the formation and proclamation of a District Council at Border Town. Mr. Hardy, in introducing the deputation, stated they wished to know if a reply that that been sent to the coynter-m'emurial had been received by the Commissioner. It wa3 urged that the formation Gf a District Council would save expenses, and would tend to the improvement of the roads, whioh were on what was known as a Bay of Biscay country, and it was yery thickly covered with timber. The Commissioner said the third memorial, or their reply to the counter-memorial, had been received by fhe Government, and was now under their consideration. There was every disposition on the part cf the Government to concede the privilege of local' self government as soon as justified, but, considering that in this case the District Council was intended to take in two Hundreds, he could not accede to the request; but if it came forward in a different form he would look upon it favorably, The deputation then withdrew. "We are asked to call the attention .qf shippers pbr Royal Shepherd to the fact that it is not intended to run good3 trains on the Pert Adelaide Railway on Friday and Monday next. This evening a Service of Song will be given in the Town Hall, in aid of the Gothen burg Relief Fond. The choir in to eoos!$ 9? about 500 children, who will sing under the direction of Mr. J. "W. Daniel. On Sunday evening, March 21, prizes were presented to the children attending St. John's Sunday-school, Salisbury, by the Rev. J. C. Haynes, who delivered an earnest exhorta tion from the words "Leaving us an example that ye should follow His steps." He reminded the young of their duty as baptised members of Christ's Church to follow His example and to prove themselves worthy, by daily imitation of their Lord, of their high and holy calling. He also congratulated the teachers on the flourish ing state to which, by their unremitting care and God's blessing, they had brought the school. The anniversary of the Lefevre's Penin sula Sunday School was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, March 21 and 22. On Sunday the Rev. S.T. Withington preached eloquent sermons to large congregations, the Church in the evening being crowded to excess. On Mon day evening the same gentleman delivered an instructive and amusing lecture on recent dis coveries in Africa, embracing those made by Speke, Grant, Baker, Livingstone, and Stanley. Mr. John Ottaway presided. During the even ing the children, under the direction of Miss Sparnon, who presided at the harmonium, sang pieces of music and also recited dialogues. The net proceeds of the services amounted to £15 10s. The anniversary services of the Con gregational Church, Glenelg, were continued on Tuesday, March 23. The tea meeting was largely patronised, and the public meeting which followed was well attended. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe presided, and remarked that sinco the last anniversary they had had seasons of gladness as well as of sorrow. The Sabbath services throughout the year had been well attended. The week evening services were also well sustained. He was sorry to say that ho could not speak so highly of the attendance at the prayer meeting held every Wednesday evening. In reference to spiritual matters, they had not had so many additions as in former years, but he was pleased to say that some of the younger members of the congregation had identified themselves with the Church. He had only to record the death of one member, but they had lost several members through removals to other districts. The Sunday-school continued to progress, and at present numbered 100 boys and 86 girls, with an average attendance of from 140 to 150. There were 16 teachers, but he believed that there was room for more. They had a young women's Bible Class, and he hoped soon to arrange another for young men. During the year a Literary Association had been started with 40 members while in session, and an average attendance of about 20. They could all see that a gallery had been erected for the better accommodation of the congregation. It was a work that had been much needed. They expected it to cost £400, for the contract was for £350, and he had no doubt that the extras would make the cost up to the former amount. Towards that £200 had been paid into the hands of the Treasurer, and another £200 was out in promises, which were quite as good a3 if the amount had been pail. There was a mortgage on the Church of £600, and another £200 had been lent by the Chapel Building Society. The latter, he believed, was borrowed when the church was opened, and as the Society had expressed a desire that £100 should bo paid off, he hoped they would be able to succeed in doing so that evening. The collections on Sunday were good, and the proceeds of the tea had been satisfac tory, so he had no doubt they would be able to make up the required amount. Mr. James Storrie read the financial report, which showed that the receipts during the year had amounted to £824 Is. 2d,, and the expenditure to £674 Is. 3d. Their total liabilities were £1,765 12s. 3d., which included the £400 for the new gallery. Interesting addresses were afterwards de livered by the Revs. T. Hope, J. Lyall, F. W. Cox, A. Scales, and the Hon, R. A. Tarlton. The collection which was made realised £44 2s., which, with tho proceeds of the tea and the Sunday services and a few promises to come in, will enable the trustees of the Church to pay off the £100. The new gallery adds greatly to the beauty of the interior of the edifice, and will seat 100 persons. The capacity of the building was previously for 400, so that now 500 can be seated comfortably. The Hon. T. English was the architect, and MesEr3. Baker and Hnmbley were the builders. 