THE SANITARY CONDITION OF PORT ADELAIDE. ? [communicated.! IWe suppose the letter of Mr. J. M. Sin clair may be taken as the 'official reply to our remarks on the sanitary condition of Port Adelaide. His Worship has not attempted to disprove any of our state ments, and has singularly failed to support x-ne reputation ui ins uoumxymen as stern logicians. He says : — ' I will dis pute some of the statements of your cor respondent, and this can be easily done.' Straage to say, His Worship forgets to do it. He announces his intention with con siderable spirit, but in no single instance does he carry it into effect — h& does not dispute one of our statements. Perhaps the ease with which he professes to be able to do it precludes the necessity of his doing it, just as a very strong man need not show his strength by punching a very weak man's head. His Worship pro ceeds—' Several of the statements are decidedly incorrect.' We respectfully ask ' Which of them ?' We will gladly withdraw any incorrect statements ; but His Worship's memorv is a?ain at fault. and he raises another issue without specifying one of the ' several' decided errors. The next paragraph exposes the folly of expecting the ' draining of Port Adelaide to be carried out in eight months.' Logically this implies that the draining of the Port has only been a matter of importance for eight months ; in other words, that until Parliament used its authority by passing the ' Health Act,' the draining of the Port was of no interest or moment. Does not this tell a tale? His Worship played a wrong card there. In a subsequent paragraph we are charged with acting unfairly in quoting cases which took place over 18 months or two years since, and applying them to the present state of the Port. Tnis would be forcible if we had ad duced instances of illness, produced by rn.iiRpa t.Tini, no longer exisf.. ~Nnvr nnUr two of the cases we mentioned occurred more than six months ago. Of the resi dence of one of these we distinctly said, ' this house was pulled down, but it will serve as a type of many houses still exist ing.' The other case was owing to the system of scoop-emptying on to the side, which was in force then, and is in force to this very day. The charge of unfairness, then, obviously falls to the ground. But to satisfy His Worship's thirst for recent cases, we will give him two. Last week a child was playing near one of the gutters, was then and there seized with vomiting, developed a rash with blue spots all over it, exhibited all the symptoms of blood poisoning, sank rapidly, and died. This death has oc curred between the writing of our former communication and the present. A second is that of an ex-Councillor who slept in a balcony over an open gutter. The stagnant water was disturbed by boys throwing stones into it. The sleep ing man suffered in consequence, and has jnst risen from a severe illness, looking like it ghost. If His Worship is still dissatisfied, we will attempt to satisfy his lust for more by further instances here after. The only part of the Mayor's letter which is at all definite is the following : — ' I unhesitatingly deny the statement of Doctpr No. 3, 'The Mayor said I insulted him.' We have referred this to the Doctor, who abides by his statement, and adds to it 'I told the Mayor and Corporation that I thought they were not doing their duty as a Board of Health, whereupon the Mayor said I was insulting him and them.' Apart from the question of our informant's personal veracity, his account is shown to be probable by the statement of Doctor No. 2. — ' I have spoken about it to the authorities, but they seem afraid to look the matter in the face.' In reply to His Worship's question, ' whether any of the doctors will say that diseases are more numerous and fatal at the Port than at any other township of equal size,' we refer him to the medical evidence. It goes no farther than to say that simple diseases rapidly become acute, that the whole tone of health is lowered by the want of drainage, and that conva lescence is much retarded. Surely this is bad enough. The Mayor seems to forget that the health of the Port ought far to surpass that of inland towns ; that if the ratio of deaths cent, per cent, were only equal with that of other towns the fact would suggest the presence of some mis chievous element in a town so near the sea. We ought to be healthier, more robust, and better able to throw off disease than the inland inhabitants, and yet the medical evidence shows we are the contrary. His Worship says 'the whole tenor of his communication is offensive and exaggerated.' We are sorry if the. Mayor considers us offensive, as we have always had the highest respect for him, and should be very sorry unnecessarily to hurt his feelings, but we are sure our only offence lies in this, that we have spoken un palatable truths. If our communication was indeed exaggerated, surely it would have been as easy to prove it so in fact as in profession ; but the truth is that, in a tolerably long letter, His Worship has not attempted to disprove one state ment or contradict one assertion. The Mayor has been kind enough to strengthen our hands by avowing, in the simplicity of his heart, that 'tenders have been accepted to remedy the condition of the streets of which he mostly complains.' May we, without being considered offen sive, again draw a logical conclusion, namely, that there is no difficulty in applying the remedy ? His Worship thinks he has discovered a three-headed monster — a very Cerberus — in your humble correspondent. If he would crush only one head, he must write more logical letters, and avoid side issues, for at least two of the heads represent respectively public feeling and skilled opinion. If the Mayor would only say, ' It is all true, and we will do our best to remedy ihe evils complained of,' every resident would be glad to hear it ; but if he pretends to deny our facts, three thousand noses will support them. As to our suggesting what had better be done, we are no more able to do so than are our worthy .Mayor, and Corporation. It is a question in its broader bearings for engineers to grapple with, though its minor details may not be beyond the in telligence oi a xown uounciiior or a tnree headed monster. His Worship's letter attempts to give the reasons for the sani tary condition we described, but it in no way controverts our description. May we venture to tell the Mayor a story which we hope he will read with as much good humor as we write it : — At an examination of an 'infant school the In spector asked the class to spell ' stench,' but none of the little dots could manage it. When he changed the question and asked, ' What is a stench V a score of little hands were held out, and as many tongaes replied, 'Please, Sir, it's the Corporation.' If this story is not true, it deserves to be. 