A CORRESPONDENT sends vis some suggestions as to ' a movement ' that lie thinks we should advocate. The hippomania which affects residents in this locnlity, ho writes, has found its animal vent, or, in ojhc'r words, we have had races at North and South Gundngai, and Five-mile Creek, at Tumut, Adelong, and Tumbarumba, at Jugiong, Cootaraundra, and Bethuogra — everywhere in these districts in fact — nnd in each instance the needful funds have been forthcoming and the result has been more or less a success. As money is so liberally subscribed towards what is at best simply a recreation — and, our correspondent aays, a recreation which some who do not profess to be ' unco guid ' consider of rather questionable tendency — why, he aBks, should not the public seriously consider, rind why should not we advocate, the establishment of a society which, without depriving the favorite pastime of these colonies of its proper and legitimate impor tance, would afford to many residents in this neighbourhood an opportunity of meeting together for more useful and practical purposes? This end, he thinks, would be attained if the people of Tumut, Adelong, and Qundagai, aided by the residents in smaller adjacent centres of population, united to form a Pastoral and Agricultural Associa tion, to hold annual exhibitions successively in each of the three towns abovementioned. The suggestions wa Tefer to dwell at some length, and with considerable fervour, upon the spirit of emulation that might be inspired and fostered, and the knowledge that might be diffused among agriculturists in these districts, by their thus meeting together to compare the result of their labors, and to interchange information as to the different conditions under which cereals and other produce exhibited were grown j reference being also made to the advantages graziers and flockowners might derive from being enabled to estimate the relative merits of their respective exhibits, and the stimulus to increased exertions in the way of perfecting the breed of their cattle or Bleep which such comparison would supply. In conclusion, our correspondent urges tbat if Tumut about eleven or twelve years ago supported for some time a creditable Agricultural Society, surely the three districts, all of which have since then increased in population and importance, could now establish one upon a solid and Btnblo basis. There is nothing new in these suggestions ; proposals to the same effect have appeared both in the columns of this journal and in those of our Tumut contemporary ; but the writer thereof is evidently iu earnest and ?well-meaning. Wo beg to assure him that we wish as earnestly as he can do that the scheme he advocates were carried into effect But— and that is an unpleasant word— 'Yoorbutisasdjailortobnng forth iom» monstrous malefactor' we have in our . time advocated so many abortive projects for the improvement and ad. vancement of these districts that we feel some reluctance in suppoiting further 'movements ' of this class — not because we do not sympa thise with them, and heartily desire that they should succeed, but because we doubt the possibility of their success. We can recollect the Tumut tobacco raising enthusiasm, the sugar-beet erowingmovemont,and the Planters' Friend cultivation craze, and how they all collapsed ; also we can call to mind how Cattle Stealing Prevention Associations and Musical, Literary, and Debating Societies after a brief weakly existence gave up tho ghost. We do not wish to write in a despon dent strain, or to discourage efforts in the direction suggested by our correspondent ; but we would urge that in addition to ' energy displayed in the initiation of such under takings patience, perseverance, and continuous effort are necessary to insure their success, and it is in these latter qualities — in ' staying power ' ? that people here Beem deficient. If the graziers, agriculturists, and other leading men in the Tumut, Adelong, and Gundagai districts, and in adjacent places, choose earnestly and steadily to co-operate they can, we believe, establish a very creditable and UBeful Pastoral and Agricultural Association ; but will they do so t that ib the question to be solved. We shall be very glad if they do ; but we also hold that it would bo better that the attempt were not made than that a poor, ?phemeral organization were started, which 1 being moribund from its birth presently passed oot-of existence leaving those connected with it dienppointed and disgusted. 