NOBTH v. SOUTH. Almost at the eleventh hour an awkward hitch occurred in the arrangements for this annual contest, which but for the generous action of the L.C.C. Committee would probably have resulted in the match falling through altogether. The match had been arranged to come off on Saturday and yesterday, and dates were fixed to enable the Tasmanian representatives recently sent to Victoria to fulfil engagements entered into with different clubs there last year, to return by Wednesday last; but these arrangements were upset by the eleven,who took upon themselves to play an extra match in Melbourne. Such imprudent conduct (not 1 to use a stronger expression) naturally gave annoyance to the Launceston Club Committee, and at a special meeting two suggestions were made, either of which if carried would have caused much disappointment and probably altercation between the respective teams. One was that the North should send a team on to the ground on Saturday, the day ap- pointed for the match to commence, and if the Southern eleven did not put in an appearance the North should claim the match. The other proposal was that the match should fall through altogether. Both, however, were wisely overruled, and intimation was sent to the Southern Cricket Association that the match would be played on Monday and Tuesday next. Accordingly on Saturday morning that time-honored vehicle yclept " Her Majesty's Royal Mail" once more rattled down the Wellington Road with " ye merrie men of the South," who, flushed with their victory of last year, came with cherished hopes of repeating a similar achievement this year, and as far as the game lias proceeded it would appear that if not entirely successful they will give our men a very close run, as by the scores below it will be seen that in their first innings they placed a very respectable total of 212 to their credit. Our men have also so far performed remarkably well by the bat, having scored 141 runs for a loss of four wickets. The match has caused more than usual excitement and iuterest in consequence of the two previous contests for the challenge cup having resulted in " honors divided," each team having secured a victory ; and consequently, owing to this increased interest, a large number of visitors were present during the greater part of the day. Although we have had regular cricket weather for some considerable time past, that of Sunday was such as to meet with anything but admiration from cricketers generally, and weather quidnuncs were busy prognosticating rain on Monday. Monday morning, however, broke dull and cloudy, a happy augury of a fine day, and if it had been made to order cricketers and spectators could not have been better suited. Both teams have undergonechange since their first selection, the South being considerably altered, no fewer than five of those originally picked being from various causes prevented from playing. The only change in the Northern eleven was the substitution of W. A. Collins for G. Watson, who could not make it convenient to play. We heard on Monday that in consequence of so many of the Southern team who had been first chosen being unable to take part in the match, the present would not be reckoned as a Cup match, in which case the Southerners wijll retain possession of the Cup until next year. From the recent dry weather, everybody anticipated a lively wicket and large scores, and they were not far wrong in their calculations, as some tall scoring was made on both sides, as may be imagined when three batsmen for the South made between them upwards of 140 runs, and a like number of Northern players contributed 120. Speaking of tlie play generally, there was some very good cricket and some very bad cricket on Monday ; the batting on both sides being highly creditable. The fielding and bowling of the South were also really good throughout, but that of the North was far from par excellence, as none of the many bowlers tried came off with even moderate success, while the fielding of several of the team did not equal that frequently to be seen on the Market Green. There were, however, exceptions—Atkinson, Bailey, Martin, and G. Arthur, for instance, shaped remarkably well. And now to THE PLAY, which commenced at half-past ten by the Northerners with the two umpires, Messrs W. Sidebottom for the North and J. Mitchell the South, taking the field. Arthur, the Northern captain, having lost the toss to Walker, who piloted the Southerners, E. Whitesides and E. H. Butler soon followed, the former taking first over from Hogg, which proved a maiden. Bailey then trundled to Butler, who put the second ball to leg for a couple, following with a four and a brace in the same place off the fourth and fifth ball, but the last ball of the over he sent soaring to long-on, where W. Martin effected a neat catch, the telegraph for the ; first time reading 1—8— 8. Hogg followed' with another maiden, and a single was alii that was scored off Bailey's next. Freeman, who had joined Whitesides, then-' got three off Hogg. Bailey not shaping: well enough to please Arthur, he is relieved by Atkinson, but the change was< immediately found to be an unprofitableone, as from the first ball Freeman scored" a single and Whitesides followed with a couple, Freeman finishing the over with a quartette, which caused Atkinson for tho nonce to take a back seat, and Bayles to appear in his place. Two singles having' been scored off Hogg's next, Whitesidesgot a couple off Bayles, one of them being given through W. Martin deeming it prudent to measure his length upon the turf ; the same batsman added a single,, and Freeman finished the over with a, couple to leg. Both batsmen were now getting used to the bowling, and runs were coming fast, when Whitesides, in cutting late at erne from Hogg, played it on to his wicket, and the boy alters the board to 2—17—47. A hearty cheer from the fieldsmen pro- claimed that Captain Walker had arrived on the convincing ground. Freeman now gets two brace off Bayles, both to leg, and Hogg bowls a maiden for a change. Freeman again busy with Bayles driving him to leg for a couple, and would have added four off the next ball but for a fine piece of fielding by Bailey at point. Walker now gets two by an off drive from Hogg, and Freeman's career then very nearly terminates as he drives one of Boyles's next high in the air to deep long-on, which had Martin stepped in he must have secured. Bayles, however, has Ms revenge, as he cleanly bowls the skipper the same over, and the boy is seen to put up 3—2—58, but ere he completes the task has to alter it to 4—0—59, as T. Whitesides plays the first he receives from Hogg in the slips, where Bayles makes an easy catch. Morriss filled the vacant crease, and received the remainder of the over without scoring. Freeman having got a single, Morriss commenced what proved a heavy score with a couple for a cut off Bayles. Hogg then went very close to Freeman's wicket, so close that the spectators whistled and the little boys cried oh ! but nothing daunted Freeman continued to score rapidly, in which efforts he was ably assisted by Morriss. Bailey then took the ball from Bayles, and as is frequently the case, a change in the bowling brought a change in the batsmen, for Freeman who had played a fearless and resolute innings, drove one hard to the on, when Atkinson made a grand catch. Telegraph 5—40—77. Morriss having added a single and Butler commenced scoring with a couple to the off, one having been given him through the rash return of Ferguson, who had just previously shown a very soft piece of fielding. Morriss then put Bailey in the slips for two, Butler adding a single to the off; and then followed something which many of the public couldn't understand, as Morriss is seen to play the ball hard, and Bailey make what was thought a neat catch; the usual plaudits followed, but as Morris is seen to go on playing uninterrupted, the puzzled crowd commenced inquiring when they found they bad been the victims of a "sell," as the supposed catch was from a bump ball. Morriss having brought 80 on the board by a neat cut, Arthur went on with slows, but five being scored off the one over he retired in favor of Hogg. Butler then put Bailey neatly to leg for a couple, following with a quartette by a fine forward drive. Both batsmen were now playing with confidence, and it was not. long before the century appeared, to the great satisfaction of the Southern supporters. Had the fielding been at all passable, however, Butler's career would now have been ended as he gave two chances—one to Ferguson at mid-off, and the other to Arthur at the wicket—but both being refused the batsman was afforded an opportunity of redeeming him- self in the opinion of his comrades, which he immediately availed himself of by putting the next ball to square leg for a trio. The scoring now became fast and furious, notwithstanding Arthur's efforts to prevent it. "Various changes in the bowling were resorted to, Atkinson relieving Hogg, and Bailey, Bayles, Hogg again being brought to the crease ; but the batsmen were not to be denied, and the countenances of the Northern partizans began to wear a decidedly elongated appearance as decade suceeded decade on tlie telegraph, and they were in no way improved when Morriss is seen to put an up to short- leg, and Collins after waiting with out-stretched arm for—well,not quite half- an-hour, misses it after all. The score which stood at 77 when the two batsmen got together was doubled and yet no wicket: J 60 goes up quickly followed by 170 ; but as the latter figures appear the much coveted separation takes place,as Atkinson by a neat catch in the slips disposed of Morriss, who retired after having played a really brilliant innings for 54,—the telegraph showing show- 6—54—176. Morriss's hitting was at times terrific. The tornado of cheers 'which greeted the batsman on his return < had scarcely subsided* when Ma quondam friend Bntler was seen strolling pavilionwards, having been disposed; of in a pre. cisely similar manner by Atkinson. Like MorrissButler played a magnificent inninga 'and quite an ovation greeted him on his return. Atkinson also received any amount of kudos for bis-fine fielding. Pike and C. Davies were now together. The former having scored three singles Davies got a pretty Mt to leg for four! The batsmen were not long in bringing up the score to 200i Pike then hada ;narrow escape as he-put a slow from J, Arthur, who had just previously gone on at the southern, wicket, up to deep long-on, where J. Martin nearly effected a catch. Arthur then rang the changes on his bowlers, putting Bailey on at Hogg's end, and Atkinson at his own. The change was effectual for the fourth ball of Atkinson's first over found its way to PiJfie's timbers, who retired with a carefully got 16, the board showing a total of 207 runs for eight wickets; and Bailey immediately after bowled C. Davies with a regular trimmer. Bayley and J. Davies were now together ; the former commenced with a Brobdignagian hit for five, the ball travelling nearly to the western entrance ; he had not an opportunity of repeating the performance, however, as Davies was immediately after disposed of without scoring, Atkinson immortalising himself by making another grand catch in the slips, making the fourth thus disposed of in the innings. The innings closed for the large score of 212. Both teams then adjourned to lunch, after which the Antarctics were quickly in the field. J. Arthur and J:. Martin soon appeared to lead the van for the Northerners, Arthur took first over from Bayly, from the last ball of which he gave a possible chance to C.. Davies at short leg ; it was, however, a very sharp hit, and was declined. Butler had charge of the leather at the other end, and from his second ball Martin scored a single to cover, Arthur adding another in the same place ; Arthur then got three for a fine draw from Bayly, and contributed a single the same over. Martin added a couple and a single off Butler,, and a single from Bayly, which brought 10 on the board. Both batsmen were now playing the bowling with ease, and the next ten came much quicker. After another six runs, Walker, thinking it high time for a change in the bowling, goes on himself at Butler's end, the latter migrating to Bayly's wicket. Martin put the second of the slows to leg for a single, and Arthur then gladdened the hearts of the Arctics by driving the next to the fence for four : 30 up. A single by Martin and three ljyes were got off Butler's next. Arthur then drove Walker to leg for three, Martin adding a single in the over. A single and a by having been scored off Butler, Arthur put Bayly, who had just relieved Walker, to cover for three. The runs now came fast, despite the excellent efforts of the bowlers to stop them, and it was not long before the half century appeared, one prominent Northern representative declaring tbat he felt quite happy at the circumstance. A confab now takes place, the result of which is that Pike takes the ball from Bayly, and the rapid scoring receives a check as from the next twelve overs only eleven runs were obtained. Arthur appearing wearied of such slow work then put Butler <0 cover for three. This brought Freeman on vice Butler. Martin at length gave tlie easiest of catches to J. Davies at mid on, and the board showed the very satisfactory spectacle of 1—26 -68. Bailey joined Arthur, and soon troubled the scorers to the tune of three f° r rather stealthy cut off Freeman, and having added a single off Pike drove Freeman hard forward for three, contributing a single in the same over. Many now indulged in a hope that these two batsmen would at least bring the score «P to 100; but " hope told a flattering talei" for Bailey immediately after drove one hard to short leg, where Butler made a grand catcli. Telegrapli 2—8—77. George Arthur joined his brother, and another stand was made. The hundred soon ap* peared, bringing with it the usual demonstrations of approval from the crow- After 17 more, however, G. Arthur in over-anxiety to score, imprudently lunge" at a long hop from Pike, missed it an<j was bowled, having by real play placed--' to his credit. Ferguson, the next ii iaI '> scored a single the first ball he receive"! but was then very nearly run out, ash® played a ball hard back to the bowler (BayJJ'J and started to run, but Bayly fielding ball returned it to Walker, who failed to take it, and a run was scored. . Fergus 0 " then got a good off drive for three, > )U i this wa.s his last, as he then put up o easily to J. Davies at mid D ' 4—5—126 chime the scorers. then added a couple to his already score for an off driye from Pike, ana P the same bowler immediately after to ^ where Freeman distinguished liimself a* very ,k comprehensive field. A ' more runs to Arthur,' and Hogg) next man, makes his debut with » hit for three off Butler. Arthur added a brace to leg, and two byes having been scored, time was called. We were nearly forgetting to mention that Mr Goodall kept score for the Southerners and Mr R. Long for the North. Stxond Day, Tuesday, March 30. The second day's play of this match was favored with beautiful weather, and although the attendance did not nearly reach that on Monday, a good number were present among whom was a fair sprinkling of ladies. The various changes which the match assumed during its progress made it impossible to speculate as to which team were likely to become posessors of the Cup. When for instance the South completed their first innings for a total of 212 runs, it was generally believed that the North would be unable to come near such a large score, and that should only average success attend the Southerners in their second innings, the trophy must again go "down South." But when this great score, was topped by nearly 50 runs by the Northerners in their first innings, opinions changed in favor of the local team, only however to again lean to the visiting eleven, when in their second innings upwards of 50 runs were obtained before a single wicket fell. At this juncture it must be admitted that the chances of a victory were in favor of the South if time would permit the game being played out; but as only a few hours were left to continue the game, any other termination but that of a draw appeared impossible. Such an unsatisfactory result was, however, averted, and through the sudden collapse of the South's second innings our men have succeeded in achieving a victory by nine wickets ; although it is probable that had the two absentees of the Southern team—Messrs G. Davies and E. Whitesides, who had to proceed to Hobart Town the previous evening — been in their places, the game would have ended in a draw. The play on the whole was a great improvement to that of the previous day, the batting of the brothers Butler for the South, and J. Arthur, W. Martin, and Bailey for the North, being a treat to witness; whilst the bowling of Pike, Bayly, and Butler of the visiting team, and Hogg for the local men, was really good ; and the fielding on both sides was much better. In our report of the first day's play we mentioned it had been stated to us that in consequence of several of the Southern team originally chosen being unable to play, the present match would not be played as a cup match. On enquiring we found this to be incorrect, and the cup is now in possession of the Launceston Cricket Club Committee. We now proceed to describe THE PLAT. It will be remembered that when the stumps were drawn on the previous day the South had completed theirfirstinnings for a total of 212 runs, and that the Northerners had lost four wickets for 141 runs, J. Arthur 68, and Hogg 3, being the notrout men. At half-past ten these two batsmen resumed their places at the wickets ; Messrs W. Campbell of Hobart Town, and H. Smith of the Midland district, fielded as substitutes for G. Davies and E. Whitesides. Pike and E. Butler commenced the bowling. Runs came from the first, and 150 was soon viewed, quickly followed by 160 and 170, although changes in the bowling were made, Bayley and Walker each assisting. A couple more, however, and Hogg is bowled by a jewel of a ball from Bayly. Telegraph 5-15—172. Bayles having joined Arthur the latter got tbree for an off drive from Bayly, adding a single the same over. Three singles were scored off the two following overs, one by the new comer. Arthur then got three off S° drive, adding a single off Bayly w s f by o r a a n very o f f pretty drive, Bayles also contributing a single the same over. Another couple to Arthur off Walker is registered, and Bayly then bowls a maiden. Walker is prevented from following suit by Arthur driving him to the oa for three. A single to Arthur off "yiy and a lusty cheer from the mem- Irf pavilion announces that this renowned oatsman has entered into three figure The score goes on increasing, if* t™ " by an off drive brings 200 on Jr. 1 ; just before which, however, ™ ® b o a r ®';to < J give Whitesides a chance at point off se the slows, being the first he has S d T^ a* over he rethp noU / bowling now improves for m C e lar v nn « > y'y ei°g particu- *«y on the spot; o v e r a but B a four b singles having oeen scored off Walker's next, caused him wwT resign the baU to PUte » from At y • a single only was obtained. bi t o v e r 0 f t' , ® S Arthur received a severe runnin u ™e ta leg, e which necessitated Martin n u t h i m . Bayles is now seen to off T®^ mildly up to Walker at midannnvT and a r norous voice of Mr Goodall h e V so 1^ - next, " how' having - 2 1 4 been B a r Bcored, r e t f c w a s a sharp a T Bayly brought forth not ilf , from from Mr Sidebottom, W eZ° o f , PP to tbe batsman, ' r e where a e the a l ball struck him, 3 8 4 0 who in the spirit of a true cricketer indicated the spot which justified the decision. W. Martin appeared at the vacant crease and having obtained his first single off Bayly, immediately put Pike to leg for a quartette, following with a drive to field on for three in the same over. Three byes were then run. The play now became very lively, both batsmen making themselves very familiar with the bowling, but just as the boy has finished putting up 231 Arthur's wicket is seen to fall prone to a medium-paced ball from Pike. Arthur played a magnificent innings, his stay at the wickets, including that on the previous day, being just four and a half hours, and in getting his large score of 117 he displayed exemplary patience, while his judgment in run getting never once erred, and we believe he is the first who has scored three figures in a North and South match. Atkinson was Arthur's successor at the wicket, and his first attempt at scoring was a single to leg, Freeman showing a very neat piece of fielding, and Martin in the same over sent his comrades into ecstacies of delight by making a grand hit to leg for five, Atkinson contributing a couple, making eight off the over. Pike wouldn't risk a repetition of such treatment, and consequently retired in favor of Walker. A few more runs were scored when Atkinson received his pavilion ticket, having put one up over point's head, where Walker secured it—9—2— 249\. The end was not far distant, as after an addition of eight more runs, Collins, the last man, is disposed of by Walker by a really good catch at third man. And the board shows 10—1—257, the colt carrying his bat for 24, got in a manner which fully justified the action of the committee in placing him in the team. It being now one o'clock both teams adjourned to lunch ; soon after which the brothers Butler emerged from the pavilion, padded and gloved to commence the second innings of the Southerners. In the absence of Bailey, who through business engagements was unable to put in an appearance until the innings was concluded, Dr Maddox fielded as his substitute. E. H. Butler faced Hogg who commenced the bowling, and from the first both batsmen scored rapidly ; big hits followed in rapid succession, and the scorers and telegraph boys had a most lively time of *it. The first ten was brought up by E. H. Butler driving the ball clean over the fence between the two pavilions—a splendid hit,—and for which he was credited with six ; 20 and then 30 quickly followed. T. Barrett is then tried with slows. From the fourth ball C. W. Butler gave what looked like a chance to Arthur at the wicket, and the over only yielded two singles. Atkinson, at this stage, is also promoted to the crease. C. got two brace to the leg and off respectively, and E. H. three for a ball well played to leg. " They're scoring like old boots" was the not very classical reply of a jubilant Southerner to the query of a new comer, and the said new comer very soon had ocular demonstration as to the fast manner in which the runs were being obtained, for in Barrett's next over E. Butler scored a couple to leg, adding a single the next ball; C. Butler also contributing three to the off, while E. W. finished the over with a hit that caused a complete furore in the pavilion, being one for seven, the ball travelling right up to the western entrance, and taking three men to throw it up. Verily this was hitting with a vengeance. The game goes merrily on for the Southerners, and the jovial rubicund countenances of the arctics of half-anhour ago are now seen to change into visages of imperturbable gravity ; but they are considerably relieved when Hogg shortly after disarranges the equilibrium of E. Butler's wicket, and the scorers are heard to say 1—36—58, and are still more pleased when Freeman, in running a third run for an off drive by Butler, stops between the wickets to take an observation, while Arthur quietly pulls a stump out of the ground. The skipper does very little better than Freeman in the way of scoring, as after making four he is well taken by Arthur at the wickets, and the board now shows loss of three wickets for 64 runs. Morriss, the top scorer, of the South on the previous day now now joins Butler, and very soon gets a couple, one being by an overthrow. Atkinson for a change now bowls a maiden, and Hogg at last manages to dispose of Butler by making an easy catch oft his own bowling. A change was indeed come "o'er the spirit of the dream," as three of the best bats of the team are thus summarily sent to the pavilion while just nine runs are being added to the score. T. Whitesides joined Morriss, but stayed but a veiy brief time, as in attempting a short run the batsmen hesitated, and the result was the last comer had to return to the pavilion with the " detestable duck," against his name, telegraph, 5—0—67^ Pike came next, and a few singles having been scored, he obtained a trio, for a good off drive, Morriss also adding three for a leg hit, but a separation shortly after takes place as Hogg just skims the bails off Morris's wicket with a ball that broke in from the leg, and the scorers are once more heard to say 6—8—78. C. Davies the next man immediately commenced scoring by contributing a couple of twos to leg off Hogg. Atkinson having bowled a maiden, Davies is again busy with Hogg, getting a couple and a single off him, Pike likewise adding a couple. BMBB came steadily, but just as 90 is going up, Pike returns to the pavilion, having through a smart piece of fielding by Ferguson been run out. Bayly was now Davies's confrere. His first scoring was a couple in the slips off Atkinson, following with a really good hit to leg for four from the next ball, and then sent a regular hot one back to the bowler, which Atkinson made an excellent attempt to hold, but could not. The let-off, however, was of no advantage to the batsman as he immediately after put one up to the wickets which Arthur held, and as J. Davies and E. Whitesides were non est, the innings was brought to a close for a total of 97, which left the Northeners 53 to get to win, to set about obtaining which Arthur immediately sent Bailey and W. Martin the not out man of the previous innings to the wickets. Both batsmen settled down at once, and although the runs did not come fast they came surely, the colt playing "like book," while Bailey never allowed a ghost of a chance to score pass. Within three of the required number were obtained when Martin put one up very mildly to point, which Freeman did not refuse, and G. Arthur had to go to the wickets to win the three runs required. Freeman then bowled a wide, and three byes were immediately after scored, and amidBt deafening cheers all round the ground the Northerners were proclaimed the victors by nine wickets. Annexed are the complete scores :— BOOTH. First Innings. E. Whitesides, 112111211132, b Hogg ... 17 E. H. Butler, 242, c W. Martin, b Bailey... 8 E. Freeman, 1113111113112122221111234, c Atkinson, b Bailey 40 W. H. Walker, 2, b Bayles 2 T. Whitesides, c Bayles, b Hogg 0 J. Morrisa, 2113133111113234131411124311, c Atkinson, b Hogg 54 C. W. Butler, 211112423323111231341113, c Atkinson, b Hogg 47 C. Pike, 1111213111111, b Atkinson 16 C. E. Davies, 411121 b Bailey 10 G. Davies, o Atkinson, b Bailey 0 H. V. Bayley, 5, not out 5 Byes 9, leg-byes 2, no- balls 2 13 212 BOWLING ANALYSIS.—T. Hogg bowled 144 balls, 66 runs, 2 maidens, 2 no-balls, 4 wickets; G. Bailey 78 balls, 44 runs,2 maidens,4 wickets ; T. Atkinson 54 balls, 21 runs, 3 maidens, 1 wicket: J. Bayles 42 balls, 24 runs, 1 wicket: J. Arthur 42 balls, 22 runs; T. Barrett 24 balls, 22 runs. NORTH. First Innings. J. Arthur. 13111111124332111112131114113 111111122113123212122123113112312121 11111321, b. Pike 117 J. Martin, 11211331111111111211,c G.Davies b Pike 26 G. Bailey, 3131, c E. H. Butler, b Pike ... 8 G. Arthur, 221212311223 b Pike 22 J. Ferguson, 113, c G. Davies, b Pike 5 T. Hogg, 313111122, b Bayly 15 J. Bayles, 11111111111, c Walker, b Pike ... 11 T. Barrett, lbw, b Bayly 0 W. Martin, 143115111123, not out 24 T. Atkinson, 122212, c Walker, b Bayly ... 10 W. A. Collins, 1, c Walker, b Bayley 1 Byes 16, leg bye 1, wide 1 18 257 BOWLIKG ANALTBIS.—H. Y. Bayly bowled 212 balls, 66 runs, 8 maidens, 4 wickets ; E. H. Butler 162 balls, 45 runs, 5maidens; W. H. Walker 102 balls, 44 runs, 2 maidens; O. Pike 186 balls, 73 runs, 6 maidens, 6 wickets; E. Freeman 24 balls, 11 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wide. SOUTH. Second Irnings. E. H. Butler, 13161312232173, b Hogg ... C. W. Butler, 1212134113211, c and b E. Freeman, 2, run out W. H. Walker, 121, c J. Arthur, b Hogg... J. Morriss, 211131, b Hogg T. Whitesides, run out C. Pike, 13111, run out C. E. DavieB, 222121, not out H. V. Bajrly, 24, c J. Arthur, b Atkinson E. Whitesides, absent G. Davies, absent 97 First innings ... 212 Grand total 309 BOWLING ANALYSIS.—T. Hogg bowled 90 balls, 41 runs, 3 maidens, 4 wickets; T. Atkinson, 95 balls, 4l runs, 3 maidens, 1 wicket; T. Barrett, 12 balls, 15 runs. NORTH. Second Innings. G. Bailey, 211111111232134, not out 25 W. Martin,22111241, c Freeman, bBayly ... 14 G. Arthur, not out 0 Byes 13, wide® 2 15 First Innings ... Grand Total 311 BOWLING ANALTSIS.—H. V. Bayly bowled 48 balls, 16 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wide, 1 wicket; C. Pike, 6 balls, 4 runs; E. H. Butler, 24 balls, 11 rms; E. Freeman, 12 balls, 8 runs, 1 wide. Upon the conclusion of the match mostof the members of both teams adjourned to the Club's dining room when Mr Douglas, the president of the L.C.C., in a few remarks in which he spoke of the excellence of the bowling, proposed the health of the Southern team coupled with the name of their Captain, Mr Walker. The toaBt having been drunk with much enthusiasm and chorus " Jolly Good Fello ws," MrWalker said he thanked them sincerely for the reception they had given to his team and the cordial manner in which the toast of their health had been proposed and responded to. He could hardly agree with what Mr Douglas had said with respect to the bowling and fielding of his team as he thought the fielding in their second innings was rather loose (no, no) ; but he must say that the cricket in the North had greatly improved lately as most of the batsmen showed capital defence, whether they learnt it from the exemplary way in which their Captain played he did not know, but their defence ; was much stronger than a few years ago (cheers). Their bowling was also really good. Ciicket was an extremely uncertain game, and one which was played under various aspects, as an illustration of which he might refer to the play that day ; for when in their second innings the two first men of his team has scored upwards of 60 runs, no one could have expected to get the whole eleven out for a total of 97 runs. Although the South had been defeated on the present occasion they would not give up, but would have a cut at them (the North) as long as they had a leg to stand on and an arm to bowl with (cheers and laughter). He had now a pleasant duty to perform, which was to present them with the Challenge Cup, and although he was averse to playing for a trophy of that kind, as lis considered they should play for the honor of the game alone (hear, hear), and there could be no doubt that the introduction of cup matches in Victoria was destroying cricket there, as the contests were now played in a spirit of bitter antagonism, still he hoped they might long retain possession of the cup. He would now propose the Northern team, coupling with the toast the name of their captain, Mr John Arthur, whose brilliant innings that day he (Mr Walker) had no hesitation in saying was the best piece of cricket he had seen for some time. His patience was exemplary, for although he (Mr W.) had tried to get him. off his steady play by giving him bowling to hit he found that there was no getting at him that way (a laugh). Mr AValker then called upon his team to drink the health of the Northern eleven, which having been responded to in a most enthusiastic manner, Mr W. A. Collins said he had been requested by Mr Arthur, who had to leave by train, to return thanks on his behalf. Mr Collins then referred to what he had said four years ago, that the time for the North to achieve decisive victories over the South was past, and if the South brought her strongest eleven into the field the North would have to look sharp to retain their laurels. They must again have their Entally, Westbury, and other country clubs and not allow them to die out as they had done this season. It must also be remembered that the South had now the assistance of Mr Walker, to whose large scores the North owed many of their previous victories. After some further remarks Mr Collins concluded by proposing the toast of the press, umpires, and scorers, all of whom had arduous and unpleasant duties to perform, but which they had discharged on the present occasion without giving offence of any kind. Mr Mitchell of Hobart Town, in responding for the umpires, said it was the second time he had acted as umpire in a North and South match, and on both occasions he found the two elevens to be thorough cricketers (cheers). The press was responded to by the three representatives present. Mr Walker said he had much pleasure in proposing the toast of a gentleman present, and in doing so he would ask did they like a jolly good fellow 1 (yes, yes) Did they appreciate a thorough cricketer (yes, yes). Did they like a regular brick ? (yes, and laughter). Very well, then drink the health of Mr Douglas (laughter and cheers). The toast having been responded to with three times three, Mr Douglas in thanking them for the toast, said, although he was an old cricketer it was some time since he took part in a match, but he at all times felt an interest in the game,and hoped he should live for many years on this terrestial globe to be with them at meetings of that kind (cheers and laughter). Cricket in his day was not what it is now, but there were some good cricketera at all times,and he never knew a cricketer but what was a good fellow (cheers), for there were less evils and objectionable practices connected with cricket than any other sport, and he was only sorry that the country clubs did not go ahead better than what they did. The Southern players had not played badly in the present match, their fielding and bowling being remarkably good, and the way in which Bailey was caught in the first innings was a magnificent piece of fielding. Although they had lost a Northern player (referring to Mr Walker) they had gained a Southern one in the person of Mr Hogg, to whom tbey were much indebted for their victory on that as 236 well as many other occasions (cheers). He would therefore call upon die company to drink Mr Hogg's health. The toast having been drunk with all h°MrHo<«', in acknowledging the compliment, said he thought the flattering remarks of Mr Douglas were misapplied in attributing to liim such a large share of their success that match, as the conclusion was forced upon him that day, as well as upon previous occasions, tliat the cricket field was no longer a place for him, and lie should therefore next year go in for a billet of scorer or umpire. ( No you •won't;" and Mr Collins-" Why youhave talked that -way for fifteen years.) There was one fact which he always noticed existed more on the cricket field in lasmania than elsewhere, which was that the game was always played m a thorough gentlemanly spirit, no wrangling of any kind ever taking place, as each captain was at all times willing to make little concessions in order that the match should be thoroughly agreeable. He again thanked them for the toast. The Southern team then left the ground, and proceeded to Hobart Town by coach the same evening. They vere loudly cheered as the coach drove away, and licartily returned the compliment. 