GASPAR DUVAL; Or, THE CONFESSIONS OF A SUCCESSFUL MAN. BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER, AUTHOR OF 'JOHN HORTON'S WARD,' 'WAY OF THE WORLD,' 'STEPHEN BRANDON,' 'BLOOD WILL TELL,' ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XXVII. — (Continued ) To say that I was the happiest man in Victoria, as I walked briskly down Gardiner's Creek road, would afford but little idea of the ecstasy which filled me. The widow was mine — of that I was certain. Nothing, I was assured, could now damage her faith in me. Had I not voluntarily surrendered her fortune ? What better proof could I have given of my disinterested affection ? It is true I knew very well that in fact this for- tune was mine — at any rate, the income derived from it ; and I wanted nothing more, being one of those happily constituted persons who can con- tent themselves with enough. All that I had to do, I reflected, was to use my wife well, retain her affection, and strengthen her faith in me. This, I felt, would be an easy task. She was an amiable, well-bred, handsome woman, with an in- come of some £4,000 per annum. I should be an ass, as well as a scoundrel, if I failed to prove a good husband. With these reflections occupying my mind, I arrived at the office of the Mutual, Provident, and Thrift Association. How contemptuously I looked upon the faded furniture as I walked into the board-room, and how I despised the group of eager directors who were seated around the table — gathered hastily together to discuss the suicide, and its probable bearing upon the affairs of the association. I had always a soul above money- grubbing ; and now that there was no longer any need that I should violate my tastes in this di- rection, I gave full rein to the impatient scorn which filled me. The gentlemen received me eagerly. ' We couldn't think where you were, Mr. Duval,' cried Mr. Natt. ' This is an awful matter, sir.' ' What the dooth the man could be thinking of, I can't make out,' lisped Mr. Bruce. 'I think I can guess,' muttered Mr. Stout— who, of all there, looked most concerned. The poor devil was in a fix. I've heard some strange rumours. If they're true, they'll play the deuce with the association,' and he bit his finger-nails impatiently. ' I can't see that,' I said. ' Mr. Andrews's private difficulties can scarcely affect the associa- tion. It does not follow that because he was chairman of directors he involved the association in his personal speculations.' ' Don't it ?' snapped Mr. Stout. ''We'll see. If all I hear is correct, you'll find that he has used the credit of the association to serve his speculations. Anyway, won't do us any good; and I, for one, am prepared for a burst up.' I glanced at Mr. Soundings, who sat thought- fully checking the record of the proceedings of the last board meeting. A 'burst up' would not suit his book, and I knew that I could count upon his help to prevent it. For myself, I was not in- different, being scarcely willing that an institution in the establishment of which I had been con- cerned, should crumble to pieces so soon after I had severed my connection with it. I resolved to take high ground. 'Gentlemen,' said I, 'I may as well tell you that I am in possession of every information con- cerning the late Mr. Andrews s unhappy position. It is bad. It could not well be worse. But, with prudence and tact, the publicity we dread may be averted. When I said just now that I could npot see how Mr. Andrews's private difficulties could affect the association, I merely threw out a feeler. I wanted to know what the directors thought, and I own that I agree with Mr. Stout—knowing better than he the nature of the difficulties which encompassed your late chairman—that if the scandal is made public, the association is doomed. A panic will set in.' 'And then,' cried Mr. Natt with a sharp snappish laugh, ' the Lord help us. We're all in the same boat, and it seems to me that we must all sink.' 'What would you suggest, sir?' asked Mr. Gloss, one of the new directors— a shrewd-look- ing Scotchman. 'My view is this—that we take the burden upon our own shoulders. The association owes much to Mr. Andrews. I propose that it saves his name from reproach, and itself from the re- flection. I can tell you by to-morrow morning the exact nature and amount of his liabilities. My advice is that we take them up— that is, that the association should take them up. We can pay off the mortgages and re-mortgage to the as- sociation for such additional sums as may cover the money advanced for the purchase of his out- standing paper. It is a legitimate transaction. The security is good. I really think it would be our best course.' 'So do I,' cried Mr. Stout, drawing a long breath. ' By George, Duval, you're a wonder Gentlemen, Mr Duval's advice is sound—sound and business-like.' ' It is,' yelped Mr. Natt, on whose face— lately so dismal — there now sat a smile of satisfaction. ' Gentlemen, are we agreed on this point ? ' All acquiesced in my proposal, and I was in- structed to prepare a statement to be sub- mitted to the board on the following morning, ' The less delay the better,' cried Mr. Natt. ' Duval, I believe you have saved the association and I don't think, gentlemen, that we will prove ungrateful.' ' By no means,' cried the others, and each shook me warmly by the hand. I waited until all had gone. Then I turned to Mr. Soundings. ' What is your opinion Soundings ?' I asked. He looked up with his customary sphinx-like expression of countenance. ' You have suggested the only means of saving us from a crash, sir. Mr. Andrews was in a sad mess. It wasn't so much that he owed money, as that he'd got desperate, and had done some shy things to keep himself afloat, sir.' ' How do you know that ?' I asked sharply. ' Ah,' he returned, the ghost of a smile of which I have before spoken flitting across his lean visage, ' that's tellings, sir. I do know. I know that there's two acceptances out, sir — queer— very queer. More than that, I know that the gentlemen who hold 'em, know they're queer.' ' Mr. Soundings,' said I, leaning my elbows upon the table and looking him full in the face. 'Will you do me a favour ?' ' Anything, sir. I ain't ungrateful.' ' Well, well, never mind that. I'll push you ahead by all means in my power, if you will do as I ask.' 'What is it, sir ?' ' The persons who hold these acceptances are known to you ?' ' Particular friends, sir.' ' Money lenders ?' He nodded— adding — ' Jews.' 'Will you go to them at once, Soundings— at once — and assure them that the paper will be taken up to-morrow by noon sharp, if they keep quiet, and that a good bonus will be added ? Don't play into their hands, you know. Make your bargain ; and above all, don't hint that the asso- ciation is interested in it. Imply that some friends of the Andrews people desire to help them. You understand ?' ' Consider the thing done, sir,' he answered. 'And rely upon a good commission for your trouble, Soundings,' said I, grasping his hand. 'Thankee, sir,' he answered, returning my pressure with a sickly squeeze ; ' I'm more than obliged to you, sir. I'll see about it at once.' 'I shall be here at nine o'clock to-morrow morning,' I went on; 'I may make sure of a satisfactory report ?' ' Sure, sir,' he answered ; and I then bade him good- day. 'Pimples,' I whispered, ' follow me —and I walked down stairs, followed by the alert office- boy — ' Pimples,' I said, 'here is half a sovereign. Listen. When Mr. Soundings leaves the office find out where he goes, and let me know to-mor- row. Don't let him see you. You understand ? 'I'm awake, sir,' responded the youth, with a wink ; and then he turned back to the office. It was a fight between me and Mr. Soundings, and I did not feel equal to yielding the field of cunning to him. That he had confederates I was assured, and was equally determined to find out who they were, since I was nervously apprehensive that, among other designs hatched in Mr. Sound- ings's brain, a project to bleed Mr. Gaspar Duval held a prominent place. I had not forgotten that Mr. Jerome Duval had held an interview with Mr. Soundings. ' I called in at my own office for letters. Master Soundings— unlike the playful Pimples—was always to be found at work. As I entered, he was counting some silver ; the receipts for the day. 'Any letters ?' I asked. ' One, sir'— and he handed me a letter directed in a large round lawyer-like handwriting. Opening it, I read as follows:— 'Temple Court, ' Melbourne, 6th November, 1855. 'Gaspar Duval, Esq., 'Sir,—We are instructed by our client, Mrs. Emma Hotham, of Napier street, Colling- wood, to commence proceedings against you for the recovery of £1,000 for breach of promise of marriage. You will oblige by informing us of the name of the solicitor who will accept service for you.— We are, Sir, your obedient servants, BREAK and RUE, 'Solicitors for Complainant.' My first impulse was that of laughter; my next anger. Then I realised the danger of my position. The immortal Pickwick, I reflected, had been cast in damages on less evidence than this woman pos- sessed against me. 'Lock up the office,' I cried. 'And be here sharp at nine to-morrow. When was this letter brought?' 'Half an hour ago, sir,' answered the boy. 'The gentleman wanted to know where you were to be found, sir. Said his governors would like to see you.' Humph!' I reflected as I walked away. 'Like to see me? A compromise! Well, Gaspar, my friend, if you're not equal to this clumsy trickery you don't deserve the widow. Meanwhile, friend, here is an additional reason why you should hasten on your marriage.' Musing on the plentiful budget of events which had cropped up within the last forty-eight hours, I arrived at Mrs. Andrews's cottage. To my great surprise, and no less confusion, I found that Nina Courtenay had called. She was with Mrs. Andrews when I entered the drawingroom. 'Oh, Gasper,' she whispered, her sweet face pale and scared, ' how awful ! Poor Mrs. An- drews! She has told me, dear Gaspar, of your kindness ; and, oh ! I love you more than ever.' I could not answer her, but, addressing Mrs. Andrews, let her understand in a few words that I had made satisfactory arrangements for the settlement of her late husband's affairs. ' Do not be uneasy,' I said ; not a breath of scandal will rest on his name.' ' God for ever bless you,' she murmured. Then I left the room, to sit in the presence of the dead, and search for many an hour through the long night for every record of his shame and fraud. In the temper which inspired me, I found this congenial work. I hated myself, and found some comfort in the work I had undertaken. But throughout the night, strive as I might, the sweet face of Nina Courtenay was ever before me ; her gentle voice sang in my ears ; her words, ' I love you more than ever,' floated in my memory, sick- ening my heart, and breeding an unutterable self- loathing and detestation. The morning had broken ere I had completed my task. The papers before me revealed the whole story —which, after all, was not so bad as I had thought. The acceptances were the only legally criminal mistake the dead man had made. As for the rest of this bad business, it involved some breach of trust, and a great deal of reckless, muddled ex- travagance and foolish speculation. 'After all,' I muttered, ' it will not he so diffi- cult to pull through ;' and then I packed up the papers, and, securing them in my valise, hurried down to the baths. A dip in the sea, a cup of coffee, and, healthy and strong as I was, I was ready to encounter the work before me. CHAPTER XXVIII. STOPPING THE LEAK, I had a busy day before me. First my appoint- ment with the directors, next that with the fair widow, and lastly to attend at the inquest upon the body of poor Andrews. It will be owned that to encounter this programme needed no little energy ; the more particularly in one over whose devoted head the terrors of a breach of promise case hung so portentously. However, it has ever been a conceit of mine to grapple difficulties and embarrassments by the throat ; and so, rising early and partaking of some light refreshment, I wrote a little note to Mrs. Andrews, informing her that I should return by one o'clock, and as- suring her that she need be under no anxiety as to my rescuing her dead husband's name from public reproach and ignominy. And as I rode into town I fell to wondering whether those who were now so eager, in their own interest, to assist me in this purpose would have helped poor Andrews had he asked them in a less point-blank fashion than by putting an end to his life, and so involving them in the responsibilities he left behind him. I don't think that they would have done so. I found Mr. Soundings brisk, grave, and at- tive. He followed me into the board-room. 'It's all right, sir,' said he, in a low voice. Here is a memo, of the amount, interest, and the consideration. It's rather stiff, sir; but needs must when the Devil drives — and he holds the reins in this business without doubt.' I glanced at the memorandum. No. 1.— Bill at three months, drawn by Wil- liam Andrews, accepted by William Legrave. Amount, £860 14s. 3d., discounted by Solomon Eleazer; interest due, £137 4s. 2d.; purchase demanded, £400 ; total, £1,357 18s. 5d. No. 2. — Bill at three months, drawn by Wil- liam Andrews, accepted by Alphabet Shark. Amount, £430, discounted by Walker, Chalks, and Barnardson ; interest due, £78 ; purchase- money required, £200; total, £708. ' Phew !' I whistled, as I rapidly reckoned up the grand total, £2,105. 'Takes a man's breath away, don't it?' said Mr. Soundings, rubbing his hands. ' But if you'd heard what they asked me last night, your hair would have stood on end, it would indeed. Ha ! ha! — ha ! ha! Clever fellows, clever fellows !' And Mr. Soundings gave proof of his enjoy- ment of the position by once again laughing somewhere down in his stomach. ' But, Mr. Soundings,' said I, this is terrible. Will these people take nothing less than this awful pound of flesh ?' ' Not an ounce, sir ; not one grain, sir — of that I am as sure as I am that you stand before me. They won't listen to anything further. The bills are due this week and I have it from the holders that unless they are taken up before noon to-day, they will be passed into the bank for col- lection. Pay or rue it, sir, was what they both told me. Here come the gentlemen, sir' — and Mr. Soundings, to whom difficulties and disasters falling upon others seemed to act as genially as a stiff glass of grog does upon most men, skipped to the door, and throwing it open, bowed obse- quiously as Messrs. Stout, Natt, Bruce, and Gloss entered the room. The gentlemen being seated, I at once ac- quainted them with the position. There was no time for beating about the bush, even had such a course been wise— which it was not, and never is. Consternation sat on every face. 'TWO—THOUSAND—ONE HUNDRED—AND FIVE POUNDS—EIGHTEEN AND SIXPENCE,' gasped Mr. Natt, with terrific emphasis on the sixpence. 'Good God ! no wonder he couldn't face it. It's awful.' Gad !' lisped Mr. Bruoe, ' no wonder Audrewth took a dropth. The vewy thought msketha fellow stoopid.' 'Gentlemen,' said Mr. Stout, who sat pale and grave, 'don't let us waste any more time. If this matter gets to the ears of the public we shall be smashed up. We are all in it, and will all suffer. It will be urged that we are no better than Andrews was. Let us act promptly. These bills must be bought up at any sacrifice. I suppose, Mr. Duval, that there is no hope of getting better terms from these people?' I repeated Mr. Sounding's assurance, and Mr. Soundings himself added a confirmatory re- mark. 'Then, gentlemen,' went on Mr. Stout, shall we vote the money, and settle the matter at once?' All agreed. Indeed, there was no getting out of the responsibility. There could be no ques- tion that exposure of Mr. Andrews's forgeries I would recoil upon the institution of which he was founder. A little tickles public suspicion, as a little excites public credulity. Afterwards, when thinking quietly over the matter, I have won- dered that the usurers allowed us to get off so cheaply. Mr. Stout, who had been elected chairman, directed Mr. Soundings to make out the cheques. These being duly signed, he turned to me. ' This matter should be done through our law- yers— eh, Mr. Duval ?' ' Don't think of it, sir,' eagerly interposed Mr. Soundings. 'It is no use. These people know their power, and a straw will turn them from carrying out their undertaking. If you will allow me, I will transact the business. In less than half an hour I guarantee to hand you the bills.' 'And who shall say that they are genuine bills ?' asked Mr. Gloss. Mr. Soundings smiled. 'Of that I shall take care, sir. I shall get these gentlemen to sign a receipt in full of all demands, and a statement that they hold no farther securities in Mr. Andrews's estate. That, I think, will meet the difficulty.' ' You can't do better,' I said, addressing the board. ' Let Mr. Soundings carry out the nego- tiation.' I spoke with sincerity. I saw clearly that no possible good could arise to Mr. Soundings if he proved traitor to us ; and that, on the contrary, it was to his interest to be loyal. Nevertheless, I had a shrewd suspicion that his hand would be also plunged into the honey-pot, and that a fair share of the plunder would stick to his fingers. So Mr. Soundings was entrusted with a cheque for the total amount, which he was told to draw from the bank to take up the bills, and obtain the necessary receipts and statements. As he passed down the stairs I slipped into the lobby. ' Where did he go, Pimples ?' I asked. ' You followed him last night ?' ' I believe you, sir. Sich a game You know Mr. Eatem, sir ?' ' Yes.' ' And Mr. Catchem, sir ?' ' Well ?' ' And you know a cove, sir— flash chap with lots o' cheek — name o' Goffer, sir ?' 'Yes— what then ?' ' Old Soundings, sir, and them, and three other gents — smouches, sir — all met together up at the " Honest Lawyer," sir, in Russell street. Sich a game. I heard it all, sir — got under the sofy, sir— and didn't they make it up nice. Oh my ! didn't they lay it on thick ! Oh no, not by no means!' ' Pimples,' said I, ' you're a gem. Don't say a word about this matter. You can tell me more by and by. Follow Mr. Soundings now, and find out where he goes. Don't let him see you.' 'No fear, sir. The Invisible Prince is flesh and blood, sir, to me when I likes,' and, with a delighted chuckle, the youth darted down stairs. Then I returned to the directors, who sat with rueful faces discussing the heavy haul which had been made upon the resources of the association. ' Clip our wings,' grumbled Mr. Gloss, ' for some time. The matter must be cooked up somehow. It's a heavy sum to write off as loss.' 'Never be anxious about that,' laughed I. ' Let us be thankful that we have so easily tided over the scrape.' ' Yes,' said Mr. Stout. ' That is the view to take of it, and here comes Soundings. He has not been long ; I hope the rascals did not jib.' Mr. Soundings entered with a brisk step and a manner unusually important. Advancing to the table he laid the bills before the chairman, to- gether with the other documents he had under- taken to obtain. Mr. Stout looked at the bills with curosity. ' Pah !' said he presently, pushing them over to Mr. Natt. ' The fellows must have known from the first that these were forgeries. What a miserable bungle,' and Mr. Stout, who I be- lieve then entertained a profounder contempt for poor Andrews than he had held before he glanced at this clumsy handiwork, leaned back in his chair, and doubtless, mentally thanked God that he could never have made such a mess of a piece of roguery. I took up the bills, and lighting a match set them on fire. ' There,' said I, ' so ends that speculation. It has cost us dear, gentleman, but it was worth double the money. It has saved the institution. 'Gentlemen, I bid you good morning. The in- quest is to take place to-day,' and with that I withdrew. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 