. MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. ;| ] from Uic Burliwm Mail,- Dec 23L': .-:? '?';. ] Dr. Kenealy li.tisf beoii disbarred by the musters of tlie ? Bench, Gray's ! Trm, on account of his connection witli a paper called: tho ? JSitffiisIiman. , It/ ia' also .suited that the; Lord Chancpllor ' has removed pDr. Koriealy's namcfiora thi list of ? Qutebn's counsel; ' -?? \ i ! , The! Government . havo roinstiited Admiral tllobart iPaslia, now iii high comnmnd uudor tho Ottoman Piirte, in his rank'of post-captain in Her Majesty's 'navy.' f _'- '-j , . ' ?; ? ;.' ?...-, j ' ;|. j \\_ Lettera [ havo been received from Lieuj tcrianti 'Cameron. ; His party, were all well. ' j Ho had , circumnavigated tlio Tanganyita Lake; and foftnd the effluent, south |o£. j Speke's .\ Tslands, 'winch the natiy,es reported to'be Congo, identical ,with Livingstone's iualaba.' ' He hopes to r^aoh- Jellala' Falls and Loanda. . ?';;; j; Jj. A-iiionster meeHhg has .been held iiiv tho townj hall, Guildford, to agitato for. the release of the Claimant. . ? ! : S i'; Telegrams havo como in .from all 'places rin telegraphic union ? -(vith tliis country on 'tho subject of the transitjof Venus onjDecember 2. ; In thomajority -jf cases I tho exfjeriments^have-fDoen' .successful^and^Iicre thoyjvgro-rrofffiey . wore^iriteriftij-tod_b^^toady^^c^ther.-'r|' -;'^HtirfB^itHjfTrado. Returns for Noy ombei-TsTipw'- the valuo of_tho_priricijiiiU article^L]importroff61^ignTmd,colpnral ?merciiSydiBO at £28,347,435,^- ngainst i2f/.929,271 in tho corresponding month bf.'187.3^1iijidje31,65.2I76G'.iii.l873.: |i; . There have been, severe gales iin the Channel,: resnlting'. in many wrecks and ?serious loss of, lifo. ; . ???: ? \'\ -\ Tvro i of ! tho survivors of ' La Platiy' wrecked in tho iiiy of Biscay,;- have been' taken to Gibraltar. . They! went down ?with, tho .vessel, and on Irising clung' to the liferaft from NoyombeV 29 to December 2j andiall this time witliout! food;..- 'i..:H'''--'i .' ?:/ ' ?/ ' :/ ].'?]{ i Henrj- Martini ,: rifles have j been! 'now bopn issued- to and arc innise by all the . infantry corps in Ireland. i.TLb nink-aiid-CJe rifles aro furnished i with Wyouots instead ;of Bword.-bayone^s. AVo finil joy the -result of la match recently Crrxl by two teams,' of the Guards j (sergeants) -that the recoil is not at allsp terrible as has' been rbpresqritrid; thoy statd] that' tho recoil is but little, , if any, iuoro jthan that of. tho Suidpr. : I, ?'-'. Hoir ito ) £1,000,000 Disco vered.-f-Tt is stated .'that the heir' to the' Jamieaon estato, : J wiortli ;? 'from ' £7-00,000 -i -to ;.£l,000,p0(), has been discovered at1 Sfc John's, j Nb\y Brunswick, in- the person of Johrj W.jB.Jamioson, a young man in poor circumstances, recently employed in peddling stationery. '?' ' . ? !;! ? 'The Old _'Dreadnought.'^-lTho tahki and stores are now;boing removed Xronii tho 'Dreadnought,' 120 guns, .which; wiis foe .many years stationed in) thq' Thiunesi as a 'hospital ship. Tho things tiro boing ' removed ' from ' her in Vordeir: that slip.,, niay bo -broken up. She 'is about tho only representative of '; tho ' wooden walls of old England.' . ; ? * This nowB.from ailt'Lnke City has of Iiftp been interesting. '?'. A considerable; numbor of!tho' leading Mormons havo: been arrcstbd uhdor tho' new law1 .for tlio suppressions of jiolygamy, ? and nro held for .trial, Among!' thorn is. Mrv Cannon; the representative for tlio terri tory of, Utah in tho United States CongrosB. Ho nppliod to havo his trM poatnoned, so that ho could go to. Wash ington to take his seat in Congreus ; but tho court rofusod tho apnlicatioii. Brigham Young is lying vory illj suffer ing from a diseuaa which must havo a fntiil torniination, and itis thought that lie cannot survive- many days. ?..-,. Tho Dignity . of Labour. —'To posaess,' nays tho Oauloii, 'u groat name,- the. .title, of 'duku and marcjuui, milliona in prospect, und 'tho molt ex tended mid brilliant relations ; to call oneself tho grout nephew of Saint Francois do Salis— all thut for a pro fessor of mathomiitics, forms a singular antithesis. . NcvortlielcHH, such in . the caso with tho young. Marqiis dp FeiTai's, son of tho Duko do Gallioro.. .Formerly a pupil of the Normal School, ho wishes to hvo by his hibour mid nothing c]so, and over uinco lio hug arrived at years of discretion ho haR declined to accopt ft singlo niaravodi from lii» fathor — forty timoH ri millionnire. Nor intuit it Ijo Hupposuil that thoro ia any coldnoss betwueu them ; on. '.tho contmry) thoy aro on oxcpllont torms, ' But the mnvquis thinltB that ho alonu' is fit to liyo who cnii1 gain his livelihood,' A Eftco of ? Vampires. t^-Priiico Nicholas liovolrijovnk, n, Bevvmrrnoljlc died', tlio other day iii the Hue d'Amster 'dam in; Paris. He-l ail been o|Miged to leave^ his own dounlry, where he conld no lon^sr remitin frcni the idea among the country p.eoplo tliit ho belonged toTa family 1 of :vatnpires,i Ithe eldest sons of which for thl-eo g-?neratiqns .came out of their graves tosucli ihe blood of living people.! j It is ;said that.iive days before his -death ho was conversing with his landlord, and told him that it wonld bo ? well after his decease to : remove his heart, -so as to prevent his rising from tho grave. :/ ., . .?''-' The -? Prince . of ^Vales n Knight Tomplar.-J— On December 12 the Prince of AVules was inducted into; what is termed. 33rd or highest possible degree in masbnofj, and was formally installed as patron of those w|ho profess to hold tho 'ancierit arid accepted lights '^con- nected with tho fraternity 'of- 'Knights Templars.' The installation, triok place at the lodge of the or-|ler, No. 11 Golden Square, Uind, although i of 5 a very impos ing character, was. strictly private. 'Although claiming closo affinity td JFree mnsonvyi this order, has. nothing what ovor to do ilvith Craft Masonry, and is not recognised byj.: Grand | Lodge, although some of its 'most high and distinguished officers'; , are -Knights Templars. ? . ' . I ' I . . , ! The Old Catholics.U-At [eight o'clock on JNovcmbqr'29' the- old Catholics per formed Divine service, for tlio first time in i Berlin, in tho I now ' Evangelical Church, which had' boon granted to them for I'tlip piirposo.by the magistracy and thoj evangelical consistory. Professor Weber of JBreslau said mass and, gave the j Conimuhion. Ho also preached a sermon,! Ituking his text from the 13th chapter, |of St. 'Paul's jEpistle- to the Romans.; Ho pointed out what the aim of the Old Catholic movement; was to render to tho stato wliiit belonged to tho. ; State, and to the Churoh what belongod to tho Cliurch. The 'congregation num bered 300 persons,- and. thero .. |were 20 communicants. '??_.,.'? ? \ , ; Increase of tho'Episcbpate.-^ It iscon 6dcntly stated Iff thbso; who' have taken a. ! deep interest in tho matter that early in the forthcoming session a bill will be introduced into Parliament, with the: sanction tind support of .the Government, for H the ; extension of the ? I.English ?Epis'copatp. The measure iwill-in the first place probably only make provision _for tho creation of_a Bishopric of St. Albaiis, whiehwas one ofThe sees which it] was proposed to erect at the Reforriia liion: 1 Ii will not be proposed tp add to the mimbbr of' the bisl^opsin the Hbuso of Lords, bnt tlio Manchester Bishopric 'Act will : be extended; and there will he two;-jbishops^instead of one/ as uojvj' 'witif5ut-seats.-.~Amplp tunds. jviir^bV forthcoming Jor ondbwraent,.and thpr-erfs' now'it.S6rrAlbaris aj,mngnifjcont'. chufcli ; jof^rayal foundation- being restored' by ^ieaii^f^pnb^(reolitvibutioiigr£1-^ ? '-. — ^ Ti/Th^. Pope's : Successor.— J2ho: Opiriipne of Rbmo is quite startled to ;find the Catholic press in Ireland better, informed | with respect to the successor of Pius IX. In the Roman Pontificsite than.jpeople in clerical circles in Rome itself.1! The Freeman's Journal informs, the whole' world,' and_ tho Neue-Freia Prcsse repeats tho unexpected intel ligence, that tho Archbishop of West minster will return to 'England invested with tho jCardinalitian purple, and that moreover,; during his: visit to -the ? Vatcuui ho was formally recognised ns the successor of Pius IX. It /s presumed! it will not bP necessary/to wftrnjiqur readers against a too*iasy, beliefilin this improbable pioco of.inform ntibu,1] but at, Homo tho canard is evi dentlj. looked, at in a serious light, for tljo Opinionc concludes with the foU lowing- paragraph : — ' So important an announcemont.procoodihgfrom a clerical joiirhali whose sources of information aro Well known, ought, not to pass un obsorred. T,o us, nevertheless; it ap pears |unlikoly but we wait until other clerical .journals, . especially thoso of Eoine,] shiill formally confirm or deny it.' In spite of- his present ineligibility, not being a cardinal, and notwithstand ing , Ifep ', al ways uncertain' results of cdriclayeelection8,:the writer who made such an announcment must havo been very littlo [versed in tho mysterios which accompany, tho doseont of the Holy: Ghost upon the favoured momber of the SacrodiCpUogo gelectod for-^he Supreme: Pontificatol ' ; I Infection from Domestic Pots.— Mr. \W. Lattimor, in a useful littlo pamphlet on the necessity of isolation in infec'tous discaBep, relates n singular case in which the eoeJsof contagion had been con yoyodto difToront children by means' of a pot retriovoiv ;Tho Jog- in, question had bepn reared in a houao whero Bcarlutiiia provailed, and was subsequently given to a friond, And shortly after ono of tho childron in the dog's new hbnio. wob nttacked with malignant scarlatina, nnd died. . Dis infectants wero used plentifully, and every precaution token to prevent a recurrence of tho malndy, but in two montha timo a second child took' the snrao disease in its worst form, and died. As; tlio doR.had been tho constant com panion nnd playfbllow of the childron, its woolly coat became aochnrgrd with contafiioufl ? matter as to rendoc it n source of diaoaso and I'oith. Tho Claimant's Wifu.— The Tich boru'o claimant's wife, having refused to pay a poor-rato: domundod of hor as Mrs. Orton, wnsaumhioriod boforo the magistrates pn-Dorornber 12 by the Lytnington ovoraoors ;a8 n defaultor. l'no magistrates granted a diiitross warrant, doairinu it to-be hold ovor for o'fow daya. Defondarit Btatos »ho is not Mrs. Ortpn, but Lady Tichborno, any lawful claiin upduiwUom ehp in ^YH? UnR to pay. . . . . ; An . UDgnllnnt Cubby.— A cabmnn wna cliajRod at tho 'Dublin Police Court on Decombor 11, with having on tho provious night, while drunk, driven liia cub, rhon lndod with five' women, into the' canal, nearly ? drowninf? the womon. Two of thum nro still in a critical ntato, find bo wua. thoroforo romaaded. To a constable who weut ti- assist him 'the prisoner said.save the m:. re and never mind: tlie;women.' ,.'{,? .'?' . Templri Bar.— By a majority of 63 to 31 the .Court of Common Council has decided to postpone ' the removal of Temple Bar until ; tho \ committee shall hajve considered the best course for facilitating pnblic traffic, and haye.con ferred with the Government and the Commissioners of Sewers fin relation thereto.' In course of the debate it was stilted that six months' notice: must be giyen ? to Messrs Childs beforo tho Bar conld bo'palled down; also, that Messrs. Guilds KKU expressed a desire, when they rebuild their, bank; to swing round the Bar ' and : make 'j use ' of- it for an entrance] ''?. ';? ' ;_ - ' ; ,' . ' ' | .*?' (A1 Curious Ciilcnlation.-^-What. is a billion? ! The reply- is_:very simple — -a. million ttmoB ajnillion. ' This' is quickly written; and . quicker * still .-pronounced. ? But .; no man is able to count it.- You cato count 160 or 170 a minute ; but lot' us suppose you got as fur as 200, then tm[ hour, will produce 12,000 ; a' dav, 28|8,000;' and a year of 365 days, 100,120,000; Let vus suppose now' that Adam, at tho beginning of his existence, hall begiin to count, had continued to do so'} awl was counting still, he would not even now-, according tb j the usual sup posed age qf'our gljjbej liavo counted near I enough. ' For, to .count a billion, he| would require 9,512 years, 342 days, 5 Ihours 20 minutes, according to -the ? above rule.' Suppose -we were to allow a -poor; counter. 12. hours daily for rest, eating. ' jind t sleeping^ ho ? would nee'd 19J025 jears, 319 days; 10 hours, and .40 minutes. , : , :':'-. ' The Vatican arid the Falck Laws. — Tho Liberal press has: mado much capital out of the resignation of Herr von iTiiimiis, a valued 'judge, but a, staunph' Roman Catholic, of his' judg-: ship in ? a court ' of appeal, as exomp- '? lifting- f the . efl'ects' .of '. the ' recent; proclamation — supposed ; ? to emanato; from LBome^-according ? to which nbl Boman. Catholic may lend a hand to the? execution of the. Falck laws'; if requirodj to.) do .so by his: office' he is sooner toj reaignl i Here vonThimus's resignation? followed. ' ' immediately \after. ' That! gentleman, however, . publicly . declares! it to have arisen not from-regard to tbft direction alluded to, but solely from his' .advanced age. ''-'.':' i ±\ I 