®lw ffofchm* (Bmnw. _'rrunnBUKU daily.]_ Tuesday, March ito, 1875. WE may now most probably anticipate a return of that Reasonable weather for which we have so long waited in vain, and the farmer may look forward to within another week or two resuming his interrupted labors ; but it would be folly to conceal from ourselves that the loss to the colony has been much greater than the first calculations led us to believe. The long continuance of the wet weather has left the ground in a, very unfit condition for the plough, and the most that we can look for is a fair opportunity for getting in a winter crop, under locally advantageous circumstances. Tile advantage of draining has never been more clearly shown than by the late wet season. Soils where the surface has been yet unbroken are in many cases so saturated that to open them for any purpose of trenching or deep ploughing is merely to make a succession of small watercourses, while on ground that has been effectively drained the surface is firm to the tread, and the process of per- culation and drying already go actively on. It is scarcely questionable that many of our farmers would find it highly profitable to run open channels through their fields, pending their being able to return to their ordinary routine of work, for the labor expended on this would most surely be repaid by a future saving in the cost of preparing the ground, and by a much more abundant crop. But with all the disadvantages which the late unfavorable season has exposed us to, there is no reason to suppose the colony itself in otherwise than a prosperous and promising condition. The preceding three or four years have been generally, and in some cases especially, favorable to the producing interests, and there must be a very large amount of accumulated capital to fall back upon as a stay against the late losses capital not only in mere monetary savings, but in improvements in stock and implements, and in the greater breadth of land available for working. Produce, whether for export or for home consumption, still maintains remunerative prices,andIhereis every encouragement to go on with a good heart and steady industry. We have had one disastrous season, but as a rule there is no more experienced here of such trials than there is in the old country. We read in the English papers that the wheat harvest has been poor with but a faint notion of what that means, but the home farmer knows that he must expect a recurrence of that sort of loss, and prepares to recoup it by renewed effort, by judicious cultiva- tion and choice of crops, and seems to sit down, curse the climate, and despair. The truth is, that in very few countries in the world can anything like a perpetual succession of good seasons he looked for, and we are quite as well off in that respect as the great majority of human kind. Take the climate all in all it is just as favorable as that of many supposedly favored spots on the globe, and better than the great majority. We have simply to adapt our industry to our circumstances, and may look for as good returns here as are obtainable anywhere else. But it would be idle to infer from this that the state of the public finance is in a sound or prosperous condition. You may have vast wealth of material resource, and of that better wealth which is found in intelligence, and pluck to work it, and both may combine to make labor profitable and trade prosperous, and you may still have want of foresight and great extravagance in the management of the revenue and expenditure of a country. In some of the South American States there is case and success to the individual and a sort of chronic bankruptcy in the Governments. In fact, when the general prosperity of a country renders the weight of taxation, though comparatively heavy, actually light, there is always a tendency to forget that a state of things might arise in which the comparative would become the actual. A fall in prices of produce, of our main exports would produce more disastrous results to the general community than half-a-dozen floods, and it is impossible not to doubt the wisdom of a system which consistently goes on proportioning the expenditure of the colony, not to its actual requirements and with no eye to contingencies that may or may not be remote, but to the extent to which a very prosperous season may enable the people to bear the weight of taxation. Here a very large portion of our outlay is required for the payment of the interest upon our debt, and hence the un- desirably permanent character of our imposts so that, although capacity to bear may fluctuate, the weight remains the same. We found ourselves precipitated into the ad valoremtlutiea simply because of the reckless extravagance with which the expenditure of this colony had been carried on. We did not find it easy to get any abatement of them even when an exceptional prosperity had run our revenue up to a point altogether unanticipated, and an appropriation of loan to current income enabled the Government to speculate on a surplus. We don't think it at all likely that there will be the ghost of a surplus for a year or two to come. It is quite probable that there may be a falling off in the revenue, and that the deficiency which appears tolerably certain were that to keep up will be aggravated by the decline. There will be then nothing to be done but to impose more duties or to pay the deficiency out of fresh loans, involving present or future additional taxes to pay the interest upon them. A time comes when people find the call upon their means, or their earning avocations, such as to materially lessen their power of spending upon taxable commodities? that is the time upon which we are now entering; the colony will be engaged in retrieving losses for some time to come. Then, while there will be nothing to induce us to question the permanent stability of our industries, or the activity of our trade, both will pay less to the State income, and the State credit becomes endangered, while individual progress may be in a sound condition. We have had that happen here before to- day? it is happening now, and we shall not be long before we see its development. And all the evils which follow from such circumstances are entailed upon us because financiers will not consider that taxation like ours, rendered almost permanent by the nature of the obligations entered into, ought to be primarily adjusted, not upon what the people can squeeze out when must prosperous, but upon what the average of condition in a series of years will enable them to pay with case. That system of finance cannot be accepted as sound which perpetually incurs debts ever being driven to the maximum of taxation, and even then has not infrequently to incur further debt to pay the interest upon the old one. Nor is that system of administration to be admired whose expenses are always in excess of its estimates, and which goes on spending while, on the other side, the revenue which is to supply the means daily grows more unequal to the additional burden. It is the duty of every one who has the interest of the colony at heart to impress these considerations on the public mind. He is not an alarmist who collects and brings before it facts which are not to be disputed who shows that, although the colony is sound and should be prosperous, the State finances are neither. We discern from the position of the country the prospects of the Administration. Whether one man is the figure head or another is of infinitely less consequence than that, the public ledger should show a balance on the right side, and that the public means should not be unnecessarily weighted to enable it to do so. "The Port Darwin settlement is fast breaking up." Such is the telegraphic intelligence which comes to us from Adelaide, through Sydney. The people of South Australia have certainly had a very up-hill game to fight. Dazzled by the prospect of what they deemed the illimitable resources of their Northern Territory, they have committed themselves I to an enterprise which, from first to last, has proved a failure. There has been no want of pluck, there has been no want of intelligent hardihood in overcom- ing the difficulties imposed upon them by nature. These have been faced with a determination beyond all praise. The continent itself has been spanned by a telegraph line. The central deserts have been crossed; Palmerston is in daily communication with Adelaide; there is steam communication round half the shores of Australia from North and South; Port Darwin is systematically colonised; em- basses are sent to Singapore and to Java to see what can be done in the way of attracting Chinese and Malays. With the utmost perseverance, and in spite of grievous disappointments, everything is attempted which the experience of the Southern Colony could suggest. The telegraph line works smoothly ; there are gold reefs known to be rich ; the climate, if tropical, is at least not exceptionally unhealthy; yet still everything goes against them. At a time when they were specially in need of some encouragement to keep up their spirits, comes this great discouragement the loss of the Gothenburg. It amounts almost to a national disaster. The whole community participates in it. The news is of course quickly flashed across to the residents at Palmerston. Not over sanguine of the future, and depressed by this last and greatest disaster, no wonder there are some despondent echoes from those distant shores. The District Council, we are told, has been allowed to die a natural death, and, as a consequence, it is added, the territory is breaking up for want of capital. The connection, however, is not so absolutely certain. It is quite possible that the forms of local self-government so admirably suited for the active, stirring, self-as- serting colonist of South Australia may be very unsuitable for the same colonist when he finds himself subdued and op- pressed by the fierce tropical heats of Northern Australia. self-government, as we understand the definition of that term, is very much, we suspect, a matter of temperature ;~at any rate we can scarcely expect that the colonists of Palmerston will display the same robust vigor in the conduct of their public affairs as the same men when they are served to action by such a bracing climate as that of Dunedin. A District Council at Palmerston may fail, therefore, though we should be sorry to admit the correctness of the conclusion which' is drawn from that failure. Having done so much, the people of South Australia cannot draw back. They have really seen the worst of their experience in founding a tropical colony. But they have probably gained some wisdom from that experience. They cannot reproduce South Australia at Port Darwin that is quite certain. But having run their telegraph Vue through they must maintain it, and in time, no doubt, some of the country adjoining it will be stocked. As to the Northern Settlement itself, the sooner it is placed under a special form of Government suitable to its climatic condition the better it will be for South Australia. A Resident, or a Lieutenant-Governor, assisted by two or three competent officials, ought to suffice at present for its management. They must be content to hold their own for a time. The idea of Circuit Courts being held by Judges and barristers despatched from Adelaide for the purpose should be forthwith abandoned. For a time, at any rate, the colonists of Port Darwin should be content to dispense with such luxuries of civilisation. Meanwhile, let them canvass for immigrants in the open market of Singapore or Hongkong. Chinese omi grants are beginning to pour into our Northern ports, and there is some prospect that more may come than we are quite prepared to receive. The streets of Hongkong and Canton, we believe, at the present time are placarded with attractive notices descriptive of the fabulous wealth of Australia, and of the unsurpassed richness of our Northern gold-fields. Why should not these Chinamen in like manner be attracted to Port Darwin ? They are capitalists, we are told, bringing with them something more then their labor. It is capital and labor which is wanted at Port Darwin, and this is just the very thing which will be hailed with delight in exchange for the District Councils which have died, a natural death. It is quite clear that the basis of operations for any successful colonisation in the Northern territory east of Carpentaria must be Asia and not Australasia. How happy would it have been for South Australia if she had been content to have followed the more modest scheme which was at first sketched out by those who considered that settlement would more naturally follow the coast line. If the telegraph line had been taken first from the Flinders to the Roper, and thence to Port Darwin, a much more suitable track would have been formed for the travelling of stock to the new settlements. Such a base of operations would have been infinitely more practicable as a means of opening out the new country than the unprofitable and impracticable route across the continent. It would even have been better for the people of South Australia if they had accepted the offer of the in- domitable Mr. Jones IIojieutpox. If he had failed it would have been at his own cost, and not at theirs. But it is easy enough to be wise after the event. South Australia has already done a great deal ? more almost than could fairly have been expected from a colony not directly concerned in the settlement of Northern Australia. It has not been from any sordid motive of immediate profit to be derived from that territory. It has been, no doubt, to a great extent from an honorable ambition to accomplish a task in the work of settlement and civilisation. For this purpose nearly half a million of money has already been expended without any commensurate result which can be estimated in pounds, shillings, and pence. Still, it cannot be disputed that a chain of communication has been established which will now be maintained. Port Darwin cannot be abandoned as Port Essington was. it may be dmicult, it may be even impossible, to plant our Anglo-Australian civilisation there, but sooner or later, either by Asiatic or by European races, some civilisation will not only be planted, but will grow and flourish there, it is only a matter of time. There is meanwhile a manifest advantage in preserving the integrity of that vast territory which stretches from sea to sea territory which is still called South Australia, though this nomencla- ture is in violation of any correct geographical data. As a matter of fact, South Australia really does include within its territory the most Norther a portion of Australia, and does not include the most southern. Yet, by a contradiction of terms, we choose designations which are false in fact, and then expect the outside world to understand our geography. The steamer Kuru, which left the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf yesterday with about three hundred excursionists on board, had a very agreeable trip to the Bay, and returned to town about 6 o'clock in the evening, everyone on board expressing satisfaction at the manner in which the day was spent. A special, meeting of the Municipal Council will be held at 3 o'clock this afternoon to hear the Mayor's reason for suspending the City Surveyor, to take into consideration the action of the chairman in causing certain alterations to be made in a warrant for payment of logs supplied at South Brisbane, and to consider the resignation tendered by one of the Bridge collectors. We publish the following by request :? " London Committee of Deputies of the British Jews, 30, Finsbury Circus, London, B.C., 4th January, 1875 Holy Land Relief Fund, 1874? Dear Sirs-I am in receipt of your favor of 6th November last, enclosing a draft for £63 11s. 3d., as a further donation to this fund and I am desired by Sir Moses Montefiore, Bart., and by this Board, to offer you their most grateful acknowledgments for the zeal you have evinced in this cause, which has resulted in so considerable an addition to the fund. I am further requested by the Board to desire you to convey its warm thanks to those gentlemen and religious bodies who have aided in your charitable efforts by their contributions and assistance am, dear sir, yours faithfully, Lewis Emanuel, Sold. and Secs. M. Myers, Esq., Queen-street, Brisbane, Queensland." A conitKSPOXDEXT, " Sailor," writes expressing his surprise that a subscription list has not been publicly opened in aid of the widow and family of Pilot Howe, who lost his life by the founder- ing of the St. Magnus, barque, while in the execution of his duty, on or about March 17. He further states that on the occasion of two pilots being drowned at Port Phillip Heads, while on duty, the sum of £1500 was promptly subscribed for the relief of their families. We understand that "Sailor's" suggestion has been already partially met by subscription lists forwarded by Captain Heath, RN., the Portmaster, to the leading mercantile houses. The uncertainty caused by the unsettled state of the weather in the arrangements as first proposed for spending Easter Monday by No. 3 Company Q. V. Hines, at the racecourse, at drill and recreation, militated against a large attendance of the members at the parade which was held yesterday afternoon. Shortly after 1 o'clock 35 members of all ranks assembled at the drill yard, George-street, when blank and ball ammunition having been served out, the company, headed by their drum and fife band, marched to the Victoria Park, where a collie of skirmishing drill and volley firing was gone through in a most creditable manner. After target practice five rounds each at 200 yards the men marched homewards, and were dismissed at the drill-room shortly after 6 o'clock. This company is at present at its full strength officers, 72 rank and file, and a bugler and moreover possesses an excellent drum and fife band of 15 youths, the cost of supporting which is defrayed by the members assisted by occasional subscriptions from private sources. Applications, especially from the artisan classes, of which the company is mainly composed, are made daily to the officers to join the ranks, but in tho face of the limited supply of uniforms, arms, and accoutrements they are, very reluctantly, unable to enrol recruits. It is a matter worthy the consideration of the authorities whether the strength of Nos. 1 and 3 Companies Queensland Volunteer Rifles the metropolitan companies should not be raised to 100 men each, and in which step no difficulty whatever, we understand, would be met with, so numerous are the applications to join the Volunteer Force. The weather having interfered with the programme arranged for the united enjoyment of the children of the Sunday-school Union yesterday, the committee decided to forego the annual fete this year, and other arrangements were made for spending the day agreeably. The teachers at the Wharf-street Baptist Chapel Sunday-school decided that the children should meet at the chapel, and consume the good things provided for them. This was done at 1 o'clock, and after enjoying the feast they were dismissed to the grounds of the chapel, where various amusements were engaged in. At 5 o'clock they were again called together to partake of of a plentiful tea provided by their teachers, after which addresses were made to them by the pastor of the Church (the Rev. B. G. Wilson), and Messrs. J. Bruce, W. Buzacott (of Sydney), and the superintendent, Mr. R. B. Hall. After singing several hymns, the juveniles were dismissed, one and all having spent a very pleasant day. The children of the Congregational Sunday School assembled at the church at 10 o'clock, and proceeded to Victoria Park, where a variety of sports were carried on, and justice done, in the usual style, to the viands provided for the occasion. A very agreeable day was spent, and the children returned home well satisfied seemingly with the arrangements made for their enjoyment. The members of the Albert-street Wesleyan Sunday-school, after being regaled at the Temperance Hall, were marched to the Grammar-school grounds, where they spent the day in sports of various kinds. The Petrie terrace Baptist School met at their own chapel at an early hour in the morning, and spent the day in feasting and amusing themselves after their own inclinations. In the evening they attended an entertainment held in the chapel consisting of musical selections and a magic lantern exhibition. Signor Petrie's Italian Opera Troupe, on their second appearance at the Victoria Theatre, last night, were greeted by an audience such as is seldom seen assembled in Brisbane. The theatre has been thoroughly renovated for the occasion, and made much more cheerful-looking and come ; fortable than formerly. The sombre appearance of the walls has been dispelled by means of pictorial decorations, and a large punkahs has been suspended from the roof, which considerably re- duces the temperature of what was previously an uncomfortably heated room. Although more accommodation is afforded, the theatre last evening was crowded, the front seats especially so and it is hardly necessary to say that the audience were mostly of a class likely to appreciate the musical treat provided for them. The piece chosen for last evening was Donizetti's justly-celebrated opera of "Lucia di Lammermoor," an opera abounding in tragic scenes, and one not only affording scope for the display of great ability as far as vocal efforts are concerned, but requiring histrionic powers, of no ordinary excellence on the part of the artistes who take part in it. So far the company have acquitted themselves most creditably, and we believe have fully come up to the expectations which were entertained concerning them. The principal performers last night? consisting of Signor Baldassari, as Henry Ashton; Signor Dondi, as Raimondo; Signor Coy, as Edgardo; Signora Tamburini Coy, as Ziici'o (the heroine); and Signora Zaniboni, as | Alice, her attendant acquitted themselves in a manner that appeared to give the greatest satisfaction to the critical audience assembled to hear them; while the choruses were rendered in a style no less worthy of praise. The performers were on several occasions called before the cur- tain ; Signora Coy especially, by her tender and impassioned rendering of her part, causing a perfect/iirorc of applause. To-night Donizetti's exquisite classical work, " Poliuto," will be produced. His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention to be present. Through the courtesy of the chief-officer of the Normanby, we are in receipt of Sydney papers to Saturday last 