SPIRIT KIFU: PRACTICE. THE papers contain an account of a so-called elaborate investigation of a materialised spirit, which recently, took place ,m St. Louis. The. medium: was one W. C. Clark, who pretends that, hehas : a band .of .thirty-two, disembodiedspirits about him, some »f :which he can materialise, by .the odic or mesmeric force m.him. , During, this matenalisation, the medium was tied • up in a closet, and the room darkened j. when, •after „ a . little; while', the curtain was withdrawn, exposing a part • of the interior of the closet;, in which then tbe ghost. - or , materialised spirit was -seen. As it • was suspected that; in this case, the . same kmd- of deception was em - ployed as m the Katie King affair, namely,-rthat a real person of .fleshand •blood acted the rok of the spirit; it was suggested, that a , crucial , test would be to fire at the spirit with a loaled musket, as a real spirit could not' be •hurt- 'by such an = experiment, i Mr. Glark having asserted that his materialised-. Bpirits were no deceptions, but "real .spirits, andvcould stand such a test -he received from an able marksman' the ^following, formal' .challenge :—^-:".SttLouis, Aug 1575 Mr Claike , Dear Sir,—Having attended a seance •given by you) and having seen the wonderful' materialisations; T will give •you-fifty -dollars -to produce one face at: the-aperturej if you will let me; t>r any •person- I may name; :fire a -shot at it •with a rifle. If it is a spirit face , it cannot hurt it, and it will satisfy me it •is not-you- with a mask: on your face. My conditions are that yOu" will disrobe -yourself and 'put on clothes I shallproduce, and'permit me to fasten you to the bottom of the cabinet.—-Yours respectfully, Hbnky Tuucehs." This was accepted by .Mr. Clark." On the appointed evening,-August .8, he was ^jnt on^dm ; he was itied down to the bottom rof, the. cabinet by ropea paaaed through-holes' ; a black curtain fcovered , a window at- whieh the ghost was to appear; the wrndowwas located on one dde of the aaiedium; the string to open tliis curtaia Was placed-mthin reach of Mr. Clark. The cabinet was closed, aad the lights tumed ; 4owri,- arid after a period o£ tpainftd, iinedium^ ask#3L.'i&e.; audienee jio s&g; arid they. did Mter' thcy; had finishedf seVelail soi^S^ alotfJ, ^nocking was heafd," which' slowly becaine iSaore gentle, and then ceased.,,..-Mtpi .fliree-- quarters of- an ' hpur,' during , which nothing happieriedbut" an.: occasional spasmodic teock, a, painfiil' ..ciy.. was heard in the ca:Mnet, the' Mack-,, curtain was withdraw®, asnd a face appeared at • the window. It was that of a girl .with blue eyes, and fafOwn luiir: . The* face Was. instantly .seen' by ail present, apd is described as, havii^: fixed features; a^id other characteristics of a 1 mask. J^ire," said- the .voice, pf Mr." vClark: in tie cabinet; and Mr. Tiirtkens,- who-,had before pointed,his rifle'at the. centre of - the window, pulled tlie' trigge^ «n:d the' ball passed through the face' and : lodged in the back partition of : the,.cabinet> while the face, remained- at.-thft' window ? .unmoved for about a Hiinute" longer, When it was concealed !^ :ttie': bla£k: cm-tain, which, .was draiwiS over' the' opening. The account is very minffjie'in jdeMls' about the inspection of the cabmet,.Jand the roj)es with which the mediuiia'^was tied ; arid it especially reports wMch the latter said : concerning hfa fatigue and the emanations from., his : lown spirit and the other spirits he coiifi-ols ^ but. no means . appear . to have been taken .to get hold of the mask, .wiich was doubtleso tlie thing used. • •., ..-> The same parties (the;. .Holmes') who exhibited the Katie King, niateriafisation in Philadelphia Were recently, exposed in Brooklyn, where a company of spiritualists themsedves found out the' deception; practised by masks, which Were exhibited before a curtained win^ dow, as at, St.,Louis... Such a mask, of course, would not be hdrt much by a ball j but there are- other more scientific and refined, methods of ;practising' these deceptions, such. as .optical"Contrivances, which can ; ,be madC to giver images which are perfectly: visible' and totally intangible. > .-..•',-,•- • i Anyone who has seen the' perfect illusions produced by the • Htereopticon y which is nothing: but- an improved magic: lantern* or with tlie itK^ascopD,- by which the perfectimage - of ; -solid bodies may be • thrown on smoke,, vapour, or dust, can uriderstarid' that the so called materialisation trick can be ' easily : performM by snch ' ine&ns;^ Such an image falling on a black curtain is; invisible', but co a-white 'tabs' lucent -smoke its; resemblance'to a teal body is such that it is next to impossible to distinguish it, except by an' in-- vestigatiori during the o.xhilotion of the image, the iriVest^gatdi' placing: his head in the opening, and looking around to "see "where the iriabliirie is, froin winchthe light 1 foiming the' image proceeds. Persons unacquainted with'these arid silnilar resouises of physical''iseierice, which are increased in number arid improved almost daily, am. of. course, utterly incompetent to investigate the means by which tricks of this kind are 1 practised; and their conclusions as to the absonce of any deception are of no account whatsoever.' • The aboverisonly one of many illustrations of cases where' the nature of the deception remains undiscovered, simply from the deficiency of knowledge and acuteness of those witnessmg the performance— Scieatcfic American. , 