Local and General News. THE WEATHER- There has been no change since our last report the weather con-<*> tinuing hot and sultry, with occasional hot winds. Our Aliian-ac.—The almanac, which we intend presenting to our subscribers at the end of the year, is now in course of prepara tion. Asitscirculationwiil.be large, and a copy is' Bure to. be kept in, a , conspicuous place in m',. st houses in the district through out 1870 ; as an advertising medium for tile district of Patricks Plains and the Upper Hunter generally, it will be invaluable. We sbalt be glad to receive, advertisement* as , soon as possible, as only a limited' number can be inserted, many of which are already bespoke. The Local Xand Aoescr.—As some of our readers are aware, Mr J. Thompson, of the Treasury, and Chisf Government Inspec tor, has been engaged for the last ten days, in making a thoroughcxamination ot the liooks of the local Land Office. Soma ugly rumours have been afloat lately, as to the indebtedness. of the land agent, for certain defalcations of moneys; which have recently come to light,'but we. are happy; to be in a position to state, that so far as the Govcrn' m, nt books are concerned', the examination has proved entirely satisfactory. Mr. Dud ding has been working night and day., to our own personal knowledge, for the last two months, and we have much pleasure in con gratulating him upon the happy issue of this strict official investigation. PuttE AU-b.—We have been favoured with the following extract from a letter from- Mr.. W. J.,Dangar, with reference to the' Arab Stallion which , he has sent out to this colony at great expense : —"The ; Arab has now left ? England. He has a fine color, his nostril is grand, bone splendid, shoulder good, back capital, thighs now a little light, but they-will thicken as he grows older. He is now-three years old. and fifteen; hands high. Arabs say he will grow to fifteen hands two inches'. A ~Siaav School.—We have very much pleasure in drawing attention to an; adver tisement which appears in another pare of onr columns, announcing the establishment of a night school in Singleton. : Night schools, especially those conducted as the one vi question is sure tn, be, supply the. best means for young men obviating the defect of au imperfect earlycducation, and we hope to hoar of Mr. Belfrage getting a large num ber of pupils. The list of su .jects include a most comprehensive range of study; any. or all of which cart be chosen by pupils. Stock Mov_iMr_>rrs.—The stock move ments at Jerry's Plain* for the week ending on 18th October,; have been as follows:— 13th October, 215 fat cattle, from Dunga lier to Sydney ; owner, Mr. Henry Ronrke ; in charge of llr. Arthur Adams. 14th. 200 fat cattle, from Tyriel to Sydney ; owners, I Messrs. Eichards and Williams ; in' charge of Mr. William .Myriek". 1-th, 227 cattle (fat and store), from Bundabarenato SlauV. land ; owner, Mr. Frederick Campbell ; in i charge of Mr. William Nicholson." 15th. . 80 fat cattle, from JEdioglassie to Sydney ; , owner, Mr. White.? in charge of Mr. SHtvid , Herns. 18th. 159 fat. aud. store . cattle, ' from Werrina to, Maitland ; owner. Mr. C . E. Doyle; in charge, of Mr. Alfred Phillips, - ber of pnpilo. The list of sn. .jects include a most comprehensive range of study; any or all of which cut be chosen by pupits. Stock MOvSMEsrns.—The stock move ments at Jetty's Plain* for the week ending on 18th October,: bave beeh as follows:— 13th October, 215 fat cattle. Xrom Dunga lier to Sydney ; qner, Mr. Henry Ronrke ; in. charge of Mr. Arthur Adams. Uth. 200 fat cattle, from Tyriel to- Sydney ; owners, Messrs. XUchards and 'Williams; in.'charge of Mr. William Mjrict. 15th, 227 cattle (fat and stole), from Bondabaronato Sla.it land ; owner, Uγ. Frederick Campbell ; in charge of Mr. William NichoUtou. 15th, . 80 fat from fdtbglasue to Sydney ; owner, Mr. White.? in charge of Mr. Sarid. Herps. 18th. 159 fat. and. etore cattle, from Werrina to, Maifland ; owner; Mr. C. E. Dojle; In, charge of Mr. Al&ed.; Phillip*, - C l >rE?J > nEAfc6- — VT& reprrt toiesurthaq. ?the extterpQlar& are m?i£nnr aad haroa aznpog the vises in thin aeigbbo?*iM>o&. SuWDiar Djtinc.—We ienit.t to here to announce the death of M*; J. ?!?) rliod about 6 o'clock as Tneaday eireafag at hi? residence-TJootke-wtreet. r SITDDUr Dt^lS.—Dfc. We&c; died. Ttrjf suddenly at HncweUbraofc. at Saturday :ai?Bl_ " " " ?, ' :~ i?ra?og ,?3r',lagHtMau.—ta Tbreradmr'a Tiad bereetnrek.brJjghtnJnp. *?ber-ia??ei> mirlgncgi&iti;?g a heavy .thmnSerstore cat Fridaj-?ltemeo?. "We-fcire since beettittc- . stdwd witlt tbe paHicnUre Stn*rt tbe tlMrrtroke. Tbe electric fiuii pmeei ao*ct side.' fciUe*, a fowl ' ft&d; pjercciitjjjreeliptesin The-,; yoong-J?dj--??K lendeieg uneraktUe; and it m> at fir?t tboflgfrt pbG , bade .lieen KjOeiZ. JPterUsa ?o the wumewe nKe' vasi strong; heatthj-girl, bttt the shock tohersjetem ha? bees Terr nnte; and oa Tbarsday- cre ahtg airtactpeted.—?&*. jLNOTHMt legret to- perceire. that tbe mother' of tbe late Tbamax Smeton Wntson. solicitor; ot Bnmxton, a lady of about 85 ycers o£ age, has been. lendered penuilesH throngh. tbe-non payment of the de posit mtmej- on the mle of the Brakxton e? -t?tt by the anctioneertnnployed to conduct the Rale-. Jfessn.. Kaynex, Treove, and Co. Mrs. Watson's Only relative in the co'ony is a tfaagblcr who is withorit any means of sup porting her mother.— Eceni*g Ifmt- Miss Grace Eoejctok.—This talented lady and. her hosband, Mr. Case, gave one of their most enjoyable entertain ments on Monday night, ia the McchtinlcxV to a Rood botue. ? It Ik now sutno nine Jroars. since they performed in BingtetUn, anct people, -who remember Sgerton then, de clare she. looks younger now than ever. The entertainment from begimiiojr tv end Is a capital one, Alue'Eperton rivrilliag i'roteos himself, in tier power of completely changing: her identity, and bewUdering her sudieocc AmoogWQumjr good things. It is liantto single out one particotar impenumatiom, Tor special prniie, bat ia onr opinion, Oie tender ?ng of " My VretXy Jane" alα Sims Reerc, is- the greatest hit of all. The great tenor- Is mimicked so welt indeed, that the likeness i> by no nmu? imflatrerinfc. *J£r. George iCaxe contributed in no umatt. dogrec. to the, encccsa of the erening'e entertainment by his solos on the violin and concertina; us Vper former on the Jatter instrument.' h.c is ivitli oot a. riral in the colony. MTe -wish this talented couple ci'cry success in their pro \iiciol tott? Mblboitkke Exhibition.—Tlie wine' award* at the Kxhitntion are ?X fblt?>ws:—' Mr. Montague I'arnel, AVcst Uaitland ; Sir. Wyndham, Hunter Kiver'; Mr. Jirecht, Koaemount; ilr, Alexander Manro, Siugle- ' ton ; Mr. Wyndham Inrerelt; Mr. Green, Albury ; ,Mr. Fallon, Albury ; and 31eaisrj). Carmfchael; Brothers, Williams Eiver. , Jt .' VilLbe Bcea that the Hunter Hirer ii well i 'tepreaented. Cirraous .*? Snake . ;?.? advbstitbe.—The fobbora correspondent ol the. MtuLgee T&vut;' [adds* another, to the many snakeradrentaret which" we liarc published lately. "While a > Airs. Sutherland, the wife of a man employed . in repairing tire approaches to the Gobbora.. < Bridge, was walking for her ?* hiieliandV * horses, and when .about 200 yards or more from home, she neared a ferocious bullock. ? With a view to frigLten it out of her path, < she stooped to pick up-a stick—as she thought—and , caught hold of a black make '? which fastened on the end 'of the small ? finger, on the left hand. "With difficulty she shook the reptile oft!, and immediately- she ?' i took from her pocket^?.'*. pair of scissors, ripped the Soger open, and torn apiece ota small chamois leather beg, and: tieil it behind the second joint- of the finger, which bled 1 freely. She hurried back- to her tent, give 1 her hnsbnnd the particulars, and he quickly was oil for aid.' Mr. Jones, black-smith, at 1 once visited her wifh ammonia, mid admin- : istered it, which, with brandy, ant] -proper i attention, caused her to rally. Her hand i? still much swollen and the finger sore. I Count Bnzenbebgu.—Count Enzenbergh, . formerly Resident of Hesse at Paris, is a " collector of ? Antographe, and liis . allnun contains,, among others, the:- following, signed by SI. Guizot : :.*? In the course of my long* life.X have learned two wise things-—one is to forgive roach ; the other is nCTer to forget:".''.'Mrl 'Thiers* wrote unilerneath : " A little of forgctfalnes? does not injure the sincerity of the . forgireness , ."' Trince Bis mark wrote below these- two aentences the following: "1 bws k-arncit in ray life to forget much, and to make mjfidt ranch for-' gJTen.' , > i A Sc?iotrs Uistak'C—The Oamam corre spondent of the Waitangi JriTnuteQU. Z.) ' saya :—-" An nmusing incident ocenred a : short' time ago iti one of our churches. A wortiiy pair were about to cuter into the holy bonds of wedlock ; Uiey were jonag ' and inexperienced,' unused to the form of the marriage service. -Whether owing; to : the shortness, of sight of or ' the verdant freshness of the happy pair, but, ? true it is, the.hride was nuuxiwl to the ; intended husband's b?t man. Of ctfurse the 'USair had to he. recommenced. Notice -to Netvsfapkic Coksksemx- DESTa—" We> desire to'state that our corre- ' spondence colamni wilt alwajit be open to I those who may care to discn?"i matters of < interest which may concern the general ? welfare. At the same time vr? hate to '- remind those, who may wiah to nse onr < space that a newspaper is not a carpet bag ' which ha> nerer got so much in bntthatit ? will hold something more. A newspaper is ' boaadedon thceast, north.sonth, and west by ' iron bars that will neither give nor take more < than its allotted quantity. When two corres- i pondents "write upon a , subject. on which > they differ iv opinion, there is not the most ' remote, necesssty that wo know of,-why one ' should insinuate that the other liail poisoned ' hU mother-in- law, or hnd carried ofiT another man's or'had. been convicted in liis I youth for stealing *, pocket hamlkcrcliicf, or ' had kept a private still in his- bettroom. ? Xet * everything oe ilohe decently and with diecre- ' tiori. When a correspondent \ uniierstands ' his subject he should only write on the one" < side of the paper. When he docs not under:- ! stand ilia no consequence how many sides ' he writes, as it wont go in. the paper.— 1 Cvromandcl Hail. . I " JohxVV Dislike to Ghave-digoeng. —Mi, James 31"Henley, Anglo-Chinese ling uist, writing to the GMi&tmtn; Courier, grres the following reason.* for the reluctance of the Chinese to biiry the dead bodies of their countrymen. According to the lavs at China when a man dies in the. house of jk stranger, the proprietor is held -responsible > for his death, and if he has wealth in his' ! possession, find* himself, mulcted in aeon ' sirteraWe sum of money to be paid over to i the relatives of the deceased, for the lose 1 they -ire snpposcd to hare sustained throagfa 1 one of'their relatives. No doubt the legisla tor who framed this lair thought that he was creating '?? safe-guard for the live* of men. Bat it has had an opposite effect. "Wlicn a. man dies under the care of his relative* there is no notice taken thereof—bat mark the opposite effects, \Vhcii aman becomes rick among strangers, he is taken out and left to die on the highway, whicfi, being tlie property of the Government- compromises notaxl,. The law as, it stands, aud is acted on, lias stifled every feeling of humsjiitjy incredible to tlibse tuiacquainted; with the laws ofChina. Bat thocvllx do not stop here- "Wbea a> man dies the house bj nich becomes pollote<l, and to cleanse- ft from such, is a piece of cottlj work. The ghost* and devils are expelled by a priest, who does the work by sprinkling the house with holy water, and burning incense, vociferating, with anakad sword ia ?onehand which he strikes the invisible devil"* - with, and * rope in the other hand, to bind;, them and finally winds np the perfonnanfrf< by plastering on the walls some charms, written in. enigmaticaL characteis, to keep the devils front entering the house and rtoUig the'Jnmates harm, -who could not otherwise have rested contented tlu-ieus, until assnredC that the ?devils 'wra ? kept -by <-these nCat(ib!c r ,, <? SnrGi_ero!c dac-Jtr Clck.—At a com- [ mittee raeericectf- _ie_inejletoaGri'-ti-: Club . held on .Friday last at & p.m.. at tli-i , _o_i? Hote 7 . upon the rr?-gaatioa of'>o. W. J C. Hand, as- hOtt, t essurer of the c!u.S. it w.-,s -nanrmoesly cauTied- -hat ~.?r. "K'addy be appointed. T_e hca- aeCTr-ary of the club . bees b> intimate that ]£r, Viuldr baa nccep , ted the a^poisb'-enl'.— Cmnikuk.it-M.tcd. A lrsui?s,-A aa p___ iTtjoa ra* _C__-ea, a da nigeitau*- b—PaU_—, was oofi_t-rdsy _?_tbia*ci{*Vdos?TX from P_r_e? ; under. -_-We_saro_t to- Sydney. Generally '' person* .of ,r?i*K?rid,-ra_ad. w__aarrt?s_ec-u_; \- : e-v-etry da?txw__,'nae'uieTttan_le<_ frome-t-io* ,to ata:Bpu,-t__ > _fc'tne r_etropo-? : | case the wsirrari- . p*i?or_or-direct b to* the house?' '? ;' Dutx3srr*rb_M~i and t"-e-{jaoler at, 3_s__rst ,; Qjerefbrsi refused 1 in. As it would -sges-eettTirisafe to place the prisoner \- at .the-cell ,_t.-the becught before a u—q&s;—rate, who reraa—ded.Tiirrt to gaol oa a fresh "warrant. The man being subject to WKsetnrt outbreaks, and there being ? no provmkn for people of tirtsssuud intellect, Mr, Forbes pat him ia one of the cells, and "placed two confiricfcs iv his company to 1 prevent him fromr doing; any ause—tef. If' appears that these two men laid down to take some rest, and .while they were in this position to- their account) the lunatic pounced -upon them like —; tiger. au<f subjected tbem to a severe baudlinjr. kicking one of them on the head, aud-Isec. Tire men state that they- were compelled to strike him down aud secure him.; and when Madden appeared in court (on Monday) there was an —gly.loo—fiur/ vctuind oil the upper parts of his. uQS<V,t-e result of a blow which he received ia the rcuflle. 'While taking exer cise in- the "yard, the prisoner (who bad seemed quite quiet just before) suddenly made lot- one, of the- high dividing fences, and was over it in a twinkling: though it was surmounted by a formidable row of iron spikes Madden is n strong active man, and to prevent further accidents he has been hobbled, and takes his ixccrcise in the' .corridor.. ."While'en this matter, tie.may suggest to the authorities the advisability of making some special accommodation in the gaol for* lunatics, as at Dartingharst, where padded rooms' are provided for their recep tion, and wbete uo danger ear.ii.tx through leaving, them to their owa company. "IVe understand that, other gaols in the country have been favoured in this respect,, and there is no renso—i why something should, not be 'done for the Bathurst" establish mini, more especiatly as tlie averai-e number of lunatics who are- lodged within its walls every yea-, is something lite fifty or sixty. Since writing tho above, -we learn that Madden has been sent to Sydney.— Kathuret Time*, Oct.fi.., ~ ?Tint D_i.r?-6--,'H Stt-E iir Report! no.— The Sevr '-Xork Tribune thns begins its account of the University boat races at Saratoga Spring* on l.tli- ui>t. :—~'3ly . Goil 1 Ttu-y've won it. they've iro? it I" screamed* a junior by my ear. Screamed it ? It was-, a /howl and a yelL crossed with a roar... Yes. thej. bad.won it—WQnitwitha joy -ibat was iierce and burnirsg, ihongii no one would have gnessed that under that enforced calm their hearts were thumping .with" triumph; iron it." &<*:. A little further ,<wi —"Now begins* pandemoniuni itself. r}T6w is the time that yoor Mood begins to tingle iv your toes and run'cold in- tlie'small. .of jour; back- r Yr?u can hear the very -s-s-?-h of- the boats as their sharp prows cut the water. : ' Deficient in cpntemporaticons human interest f* It looks like it, as every, man .sucks thrtiUKh his teeth all the.brcatk that his cheers have left him. 'Deficient in--, contemporaneous human interest V T have not a. particle of feeling about the; Tesult, but my pencil goes one ivay and my paper another. I use words not down in. the hymn-book, 'and yell like one TKissessed." ." ' Child DiaratxiON.—Apparently a heart less case of chdld desertion has been proved against a yonng woman named Burns. 'If. the, evidence giren.in tlie Collingwood Police Court be there, is no reason to doubt it (says the Jlellhurrte Spec tators—the prisoner, after vainly attempt ing to get some one to nurse her infant— about five months old—deliberately left it in Studely Park, several hundred yards from the nearest house- Of course the child would not have Ion*; survived hail not a man going early to- his -work licnnl the poor little creature's cries, and huwlvrt it over, to the police. It-' is so seldom that a convic tion ? can be obtained for this offence, that. when it can be brought home to the guilty, person, a severe penalty snould be meted ont. Wo arc accustonod to reflect on the morality of the Chinese, among whom infant life seems to be lightly valued ; but in thi-s colony occurrences like that referred to are so comman, that we arc scarcely jitstified in t—rowing stones at; the people Of that Empire. In fact, the struggle for existence in China is,so ninch, more keen than among us, that infanticide, thongh alwayn. revolving is, if possible, a less crime than here. And there '.is tbisfarther pica to be Urged in favour of the Chinese, that whereas their religion and customs tolerate a crnel and wicked act, burs condemn it. Coal, ax out Vebv Boons.—Those per ' sons interested in the welfare of Newcastle * will be pleated to' hear that the shaft now \ being sunk by, some of onr citizens and > other Melbourne gentlemen, struck the first ! rtcam of coal yesterday. We have seen a small sample and it looks as clean and bright and strong; as any we have seen for sonic time back. Wo cannot yet give the fnll thickness of the coal, as the sinkers are now busy cut ting through it; front alt .we can learn it will be from 8 feetto "J feet thick. There is a splendid cover, over .tlie coal mixed with ironstone boards&o; that little timber will be; required to be used in tbo'working of'{be. seam. The next seam of coal to lie .-irret. with is the yard coal, formerly worked A. A. Company, hear *St. John's ch-.irclr; aud * was considered first-class for gas and stcanv pur-posts. We believe it is the intention of the proprietors to go down without delay to tlie coal now worked by the A. A Company ' and known as the '- Borehole seam " which will be from 280 feet tv 300 feet from the snrface. - Two engines of -0 horse-power each with the necessary-winding; and .pump, ing gear, bculers and pnmps arc expected hens in the early part of'nextmonth from Melbourne, -tn Harper has. the contract for sinking the shaft, which is twelve- feet diameter, and fully expects to reveal the Borehole eeam befoine the end of the year Advance Newcastle— tfemcaitle Chronicle. A STTtAXCS W.-BSIKQ.—A document of a . somewhat mysterious character has been left at our Express) office by Mr. Bullifc. the Wairaa pilot isrho on bis way from the pilot-station to Ble_hsim,on Thursday last,, found floating ori the river, near the month,'a bottle aboutv half-full'of gin, round' the neck and cork of which a paper-was 'carefully, see—red by sewing.-.: On the outside of the paper was" written' with blacklead pencil, the following" "words : — t Friend read this inside." Xv " obedience to the request the stitches were carefully cut out, aud the fol lowing statement, also written in pencil, was found to bs .the contents j —** August I st 1875\. Cape Campbell,—if anybody should pick Up this, let it bea warning to them not to drink any of the poison that goes into, these kind 'of bottles, for it- was gin that* ruined' me.—-Fro—t a friend." 