"FASHION" On Wednesday evening the Re a. It. Kelly, of Troubridge, delivered a lecture on the above subject in the Wesleyan Chapel, Glare. There was a good attendance, and the Choir gave some excellent selections, which added considerably to the interest of the meeting. The Rev. H. Mack occupied the chair, and made a few., appropriate in-^ troductory remarks. [ The lecturer commenced by a reference to the different sensations that would be pro-3 •duced by the. announcement of such a I subject as that he had chosen. Webster's j definition of the word "fashion" viz:—1 41 prevailing mode of dress or ornament'' was adopted, as it would be chiefly in this direction that the observations would be expected to turn. The general question would embrace a great deal, such as the changes in the laws and practice of medicine. It would, however, be well to keep nearer to the definition above given. Man was the only naked animal and required some screens or disguise. Fig leaves might suit the infant world, but anything so meagre and apologetic would not last long. There might be ornament without dress as tattoo marks, &c.;, and there might be dress with out ornament. The appropriateness of dress was admitted by the speaker, though ^ some had held a contrary opinion. In some branches of the art of decoration .there could be no conpetition between the sexes, as in the matter of beards. The custom in ftis respect of the Patriarchs, AncientBritons, Anglo-Saxons, Normans, Crusaders, Stuarts, and Puritans were dealt with, as also were those of later times. The fashion in wigs, shape of shoes, and color of the hair were noticed. A hundred years ago the scanty locks of old dames were sold for £50 after the ,original possessor had given up the "ghost and gone to join the great majority.j Things here had changed, as many were now ashamed of grey hair. The habit of smoldng was incidentally referred to in de nunciatory terms; it was adopted, not be cause nice or nourishing, but merely fashion- 1 able. The female sex. honorably despised! the right to use tobacco, which: right they possessed equally with the lords of creation, j The facial parts were spoken of next as j adornments. Much pointless wit had been i aimed at those who remedied the defect of age or misfortune by securing artificial teeth, it was a wise and clever invention, and was to be honored for its usefulness. It was not a new thing. A writer, born 300 years ago, quotes from Marfcialie, an old Spauish Bishop, a passage supposed to have been spoken by one Heliodorus, running—"So toothless Marie, seems a pretty one, set out with new-bought teeth of Indy bone." The subject of dress was then considered. It carried an association with the female sex, but the opposite one was often as much interested. Females had greater temptations in this direction.: this accounted perhaps for the association of ideas. The extra vangauces of fashion were dealt with at length, and "various objections pointed out. The dandy came in for a severe castigatiou, and was asserted to represent, with the old Romans, who hated superfluity in.attire, the opposite poles in the question of dress. A serious view was taken of the physical injury resulting upon tight lacing, boots not suffi ciently roomy, cardboard soles, certain dyes, and high heels. The example of the influen tial and popular was followed in a slavish manner. The uses and advantages of fashion were dilated upon. It was shown that many were as proud of their affected humility as others of their advanced views. Valuable direction were given. Let the mind be right and true, but let the main pur pose be to live " One crowded hour of glorious life Is worth an age without a name." Definite rules could hardly be provided. The main thing was to have a self- reliant and well-balanced mind. The working was to be from within outward. The mind being the seat of good principles could be trusted to adorn the body. And even if there were forced plainness of exterior, the mind would assert its supremacy " For 'tis the mind that makes the body rich, And as the sun breaks thro' the darkest clouds So honor peereth in the meanest habit." What might be expected in the way of fashions it would perhaps not be easy to say, but as hitherto they had careered in an orbit we might expect over and over in turn with variations those sub stantially which had already prevailed. Fashion rested on reality, but when exag gerated was a loathsome excrescence. After referring to certain peculiarities of our own age, the lecturer concluded an address of about an hour's duration by a request for the admission of more taste, common sense, and sound judgment in matters of dress. The ladies, whatever their character, had" a reputation to redeem, and were called upon, as they had set the male sex so many excel lent examples in other respects, to teach ] them moderation and appropriateness in j dress, making them more honest and less; precise, more manly and less coxcomical. ! The usual votes of thanks were accorded to the lecturer, the Choir, and the Chairman. 