GERMANY. ' The Berlin correspondent of the Syd ney Morning Herald in his last letter writes as follows : — Though it was firmly believed as I {old you in my last letter that the insur rection of the Herzegovina would be suppressed without the least difficulty, I must own mat iujb suppusiuon was a ^ron' one; for though a month has elapsed since then, no peaceful solution of the Oriental question has as yet been attained. The insurgents had counted ninch upon the help of Servia, but Prince llilan bad communicated to three Nor thern Powers that Servia had renounced' all intentions of favoring the insurrec-' tion ? nevertheless, peace is not restored. Indeed the gulf between the depending States and the Sublime Porte is widen ian every day, and accounts from well inarmed people state that all traffic at the border is completely interrupted by the concentration of troops on both sides. At present the war is led on principally bv diplomatic means. Despatches from Be'-»rade and Constantinople are flying to aud fro ; both sides having taken the offensive part, as both seem tired of useless waiting. The journals of Bel orale have stated that the Servian Ministry has sent a note to the Turkish Government, in which the latter is re quested to call back all its troops from the frontier. The note does not say what will happen if this request be not fulfilledjbut it gives altogether the impression of being an ultimatim. Before this note reached Con stantinople, the Sublime Porte, possessed bv the same impatience, had sent a des patch to Belgrade, asking very emphati cally whether Servia intended honestly to keep up her neutrality in the struggle between Turkey and the insurrectionists. These two documents can certainly not be called peaceful, aud it is a well-known and often proved fact that the exchange of such diplomatic notes very seldom hinders, but rather encourages the out break of a serious war. A journal in Yieuna publishes a communication that Russia is concentrating troops in Bess arabia, one of the provinces nearest to the insurrection, and the statement creates great anxiety amongst the Aus trian politicians. Besides, a rumor is in circulation of a Russian note which arrived in Vienna announcing the change m the behavior of Russia in regard to the Sublime Porte. Some of the best onrnals advise great precaution in re ference to news which is not in any wa3- confirmed or guaranteed. There is cer tainly no doubt that the Consular Com mission which is to parley with the Herzegovina has to battle with great difficulties. The Porte is unwilling to make even the slightest concession so long as the insurgents are in arms, and the insurgents refuse to disarm until they know what the Porte will grant. From the scene of insurrection there are some successes on the side of the in surgents to state, and it is confirmed that the Porte is unable to suppress the re Yolt with the force of jnly those troops which are generally garrisoned in the Provinces. At Yarzin the diplomatic intercourse was latelv of a very lively nature, Prince Beuss, Prince Honenloe, Baron Y. Ken dell, have paid visits there, and of course these visits have been differently com mented upon. Cristarchy-Bey, the Turkish ambassador at our Court, re tnrned here from the middle of his holiday journey by special order of his Government, to be present in the diplo matic transaction's regarding the events in the Orient. No particular news except the above-mentioned has come to light on the Oriental question. It is certain that at the beginning of the revolt no perfect harmony existed between the three Empires. The interests of Austria and Russia are quite opposed regarding this question, but as both Powers had above all, the duty to maintain peace, they at last submitted to the general programme. In Austria, particularly, the situation was regarded as verv menac ing, for the reserves of the army have not been dismissed, preparations for buying horses have already been made, and the arrangement of ambulances and railway trains for the wounded had been ordered. But Russia decided, and everything went on smoothly for the moment, The composition of the Con sular Commission at Mostar showed like ?ffise that no harmony reigned amongst the three Imperial Powers, for the Rus sian Commissary fell suddenly ill. So the alliance of the three Emperors seems unable to smooth the oppositions, and only capable of delaying for some time the unavoidable explanation. Austria must, with all her power, try to possess the snpremacy over the Danube to the point where it ends in the sea* It is, so to say, her life-vein for which she has to battle. Russia, on the other hand, will never give up the1 policy which wants possessions in the south as far as Con stantinople, even if this should include the destruction of the Porte. Here is a dilemma which no diplomatist in the world seems able to solve. One fact, though, is becoming clearer, that Count Andrassy has played a double game, for he at first drove the Sclaves into the present revolts, and then abandoned them. Andrassy, a Magyare by birth, certainly wishes for no south Sclave annexations, nor for the foundation of new south Sclave States at the borders of Hungary. Great Servia would in every form be a very un pleasant neighbour for the Woywodina, the Bauat, the Border, and Croatia. But Andrassy is vain, and nothing would flatter him more than the idea of being the Bismarck of the Orient ; and he has of himself once spoken the prond word how he intends proving to the whole world that he is not a Slagyare, but a Hubject of the united Austrian realm. Nevertheless, in the deepest corner of his thoughts, there is certainly hidden a thorough Hungarian wish : ' Revenge for Yilagos' ; and, if he can procure this to his compatriots, then they certainly will pardon him the south Sclave Allotria. The readers may, perhaps, ask what this has to do with the Oriental question in its present phase. Simply this : — In Austria there are constantly rising rumours that Prussia and Russia are no longer on the old good understanding, and the Austrian Foreign Office always founds on these rumours the most insane lopes. Only shortly this has again been the case. It was said that Prince Bis \- marck intended a change, and wanted to lay the basis for a future policy, accord ing to which Germany, in alliance with Austria, might be able to look quietly on in case of a Franco-Russian union wliicb seemed to dawn at liie distant political horizon. On account of this the Grerniitn Chancellor was now continually eccourag ing Austria in its endeavours in the East, so as by-and-bye to separate Austria from Russia, and to form then a new alliance between Austria and Germany only. In the German governmental circles graat attention is given to the move ments of France. It is well known that the French statesmen are anxiously trying; to give back to their country the former powerful position, but this is not possible so- long as the three Emperiqf alliance exists. As soon as France noticed that a slight difference between Austria and Russia arose the Duke of Decazes set to work. France wishes seriously for the Russian friend ship, and particular attention has therefore been exciied by the journey of the Due de Decazes to Tuterlaken and his interview with Prince Gortshakoff. The circumstance that Prince Gort suakoff had an interview with M. Thiers as well; greatly alarms the German politicians. Every approach between Russia and France is, of course, observed most suspiciously, be cause the instinctive feeling reigns that the future fate of Germany must greatly depend on this coalition. The members of the different em bassies have returned from their re spective holiday-journeys, and affairs are beginning to take their regular course again. The members of the German federal council have arrived here for the winter campaign, and have be»;un their work in order to prepare sufficient rrmerial for the German Diet, whose sessions begin towards the middle of next month. During the sessions of this 3'ear no Church laws will be debated, but principally new taxes and new laws of justice. The Budget has not yet beon fixed, but it is alreadv gene rali}7 known that the Minister of War will raise much higher demands, which the Chancellor is unwilling to grant. Great attention is paid to the open ng of the Bavarian Diet, which takes place to-day, as the debates will not remain without influence on the policy towards the Empire. In Bavaria ?9 Ultramoatanes stand opposite 77 Libe rals, as you will remember from one of my former letters. In order to be able to choose a Liberal president and Libe ral leaders for the bureaus a majority of the Liberals was very desirable. The wish to obtain this was very lively, and on the occasion a little anecdote was circulated which said that the minority intended raising in rank four Ultra montanes who are State officials, which promotion would for the moment have deprived them of their mandate, and thereby the Liberals would have been ahead of the Ultramontanes by two. We do not believe this story; but it shows how little respect exists at pre sent in Germany for Parliamentarians. The debates in the Bavarian Diet will, as maybe expected, be cf a very excited nature. All the larger journals here have been filling their columns with long accounts of the festivities which are going on in Silesia during the presence of the Em peror, his family, and his guests on the occasion of the great manoeuvres and reviews. The Emperor was untiring in hearing speeches, giving audiences, and constantly showing to the population how grateful he felt for the warm reception which was everywhere prepared for him. The enthusiasm was indeed greater than could have been expected, as par ticularly in these parts of the Empire the Roman Catholics are very numerous. The Ultramontane party had tried to get up a counter-demonstration which cul minated in the absence of several mem bers of the high Silesian nobility from all festivities. This occurrence did not pass unnotieed by the Emperor, though the number of the angry lords was only small, as all the Catholic dukes and princes of Silesia were present to receive and greet the Sovereign, particularly the Maltese Knights who, though last year, when the. Ultramontane principles got too 6trong, had left the order — the Duke of Ratisbon at their head — had come almost in full number, and, by special order of the Emperor, had received an invitation for dinner. After the table was over, the Emperor went up to these gentlemen, and addressed them somewhat in the following words : — 'My lords, I am very glad indeed to welcome you here. You have stood to me in times of hard trials, but you know that it is not my desire to persecute your, religion. I must ask obedience to the laws every where and from all. I hope that you will not have to suffer for your fidelity to me. At least I can assure you of my sincerest thankfulness.' Everybody will understand how much these significant words caused the interest of all present, as they clearly show the position of the Emperor in relation to the ecclesiastical struggles. Next to the Emperor the warmest reception was given to the Crown Prince and Crown Princess by the population. The very simple and kind manners of the Princess, which generally win her all hearts, have made the best impression in Silesia. The Princess assisted every day the man oeuvres in the uniform of her Hussar regiment. She did at this opportunity take the place of the Empress, and everywhere received the ladies who came to greet her. The brother of the Crown Princess, the Duke of Connaught — who is very much liked at the Berlin Court ? is generally seen by the side of his sister. The programme for the festivities during the stay of the Imperial family and her guests in Silesia was very .rich. The most brilliant arrangements were made for the reception of the august visitors by Prince Pless at his castle of Furstenheim, where the Prince had done everything in his power to prepare an agreeable residence for his Imperial guests. Last week the great manceuvres took place in Meclenburg, and a review of the German fleet at Warnemunde. There too the most enthusiastic reception awaited the Sovereign. He assisted everywhere at all tho festivities without showing the least fatigue, and always appeared punctually every morning to assist the military exercises and reviews. Tin's is all the more to be admired, as his Majesty's health has of late not at all been quite satisfactory. The doctors are constantly afraid that ? the Emperor will over-exert himself, but be will never'' hear of their anxieties, unJ has Hie iirin intention of making the journey to Italy during the first weeks of next month. In the beginning his project was not favoured from Yarzin, and even instruc tions were said to be given to the Royal doctors to advise against this journey. There is not much confidence in the firmnesss aud candidness of Italy, and a decided wish prevails not to get engaged more than is strictly necessary towards Italy. If the Italian Government was to take a position in relation to Popedom which is more in accordance to the German interests, and particularly if the meeting of the two Sovereigns were to take place in Rome, instead of Milan, the whole journey would have been more favoured by the Foreign Office. Quite recently only the Chancellor seems to have changed his plans, lor all of a sudden the official Press begius to circulate that Prince Bismarck long ago had intended to accompany the Emperor on his journey to Italy, which in fact only ten days ago he had flatly refused to do, on the excuse of not being strong enough for the exertion. Count Yon Moltke will of course accompany his Majesty, in order to represent the German glory in- Italy. The weather has suffered a quick change lately. We have it quite cold here, and the consequence is that all the summer residents are returning from their country seats. The aristocratic circles are busy talking about the engage ment ol Prince Bismarck's only daughter Countess Jane Maria Elizabeth, born in 1S48, and therefore 27 years old, while her two brothers are only 2G and 23 years old. The future sou-in- law of the Chancellor is Count Wend - Both:) v. Eulenburg, nephew of tho Miuister of the Some Affairs. The Countess had of course been several times asked, but as she is the only daughter, and indeed the favourite of her father, Prince Bismarck never interfered, and allowed her to make her choice for herself. The be trothed of the Countess belongs to one of the oldest and highest families of the Empire. ConntEulenburg, after having passed his examination, entered the diplomatic career, where Count Bismarck soon discovered his abilities, and drew him nearer to his own department. For some length of time already Couut Enlen burg possessed the full confidence of the Chancellor together with his friendship and received the highest proof of it vvheo the Chancellor engaged his daughter to him. The Figaro of Paris brought the news of an engagement between the young King of Spain and the Princess Margaret of Prussia, youngest daughter of Prince Frederick Charles. This project is, of course, nothing but a political com bination, and not the least belief is given to it here. Princess Margaret is only just fifteen, and the King of Spain is just eighteen years old, so that the ciphers alone will suffice to show the utter folly of this invention. Besides, it is not likely that a uuion between tho Catholic King from the House of Bourbon and the Protestant Hohenzollern Princess should be desirable or natural. This Prince Frederick Charles has three un married daughters, and every few weeks rumour regarding the engagement of these princesses travels through the Press without as yet the least foundation. Commerce and industry are still as low as can be imagined. The new un certainty in the European policy greatly contributes to the discouragement which still prevails everywhere and in all branches of business. The great London failures have of course thrown their shades on our Bourse as well ; all the rates are so low that there is no under standing what will become of this state of affairs. Everybody has in fact lost considerable sums, as there is not one enterprise in the industrial as well as railway or mining line which has not gone down more than half in value. The depression in business is therefore general, and not the least courage or de sire for beginning any great enterprise exists. Private life is, of course, con siderably influenced by this. The theatres are only, half filled, the larger restaurants have no customers, the large firms in. articles of luxury of every kind com plain, for nobody spends more than he can possibly help. It is a general calamity, and therefore only to be ardently wished that politics will take a decided turn, far then a mending in business may be expected. Strauge Effects of a Mental Shock. — A singular circumstance, showing the effect of a shock to the nervous system, has just occurred in Ballarat. The Courier states that '? about six months ago a young girl, about 10 years of age, in the best of health physically and mentally, was attending Mr Martin's State school. A boy had played truant, and the master deemed it advisable to administer punishment in the presence of the pupils. The boy was accordingly caned, and the school resumed its studies. . The young girl returned home to dinner, but scarcely had she entered the house when she was seized with vomiting, and ou her mother in quiring what was the matter with her, the girl replied that she had been frightened by a boy having been caned at school. A fit of nervous trembling immediately followed.and the poor girl has been bedridden from that day to the present, and her death is now daily expected For months past she has talked of little else than the flogging the.boy received, and has refused to allow any person to come near her but her mother. She has also rejected all nourishment except milk, and during the last fortnight has subsisted almost entirely upon lollies. She has had the benefit of the best medical advice, and the most careful nursing. She has been taken to Melbourne, and everything in short that science, care, and money could do for her has been tried ; but no remedy can de stroy the impression _ which the caning has made upon her min'd, for she refers to it almost incessantly. She has now been con fined to her bed with only short intervals for six months, and all hope of her recovery is now abandoned by her mother, as also by her medical attendant. Several other cases of a similar kin-i have happened in the town of late, though only one or two have euded fatally.' . Cost of Advertising. — In this, as in everything else, the bestpapers will command the best prices. It is better to pay 5s, for inserting your advertisement in a journal having a circulation of 1,000 than to pav 2s for one that has only a circulation of 100. Of this you may be sure, that any journal that inserts advertisements cheap is in fact a worthless medium. If it were really a good one, it would have no need to lower its prices, for its sheet would be filled without the sacri fice. You may lay it down as a rule that if it adopts low prices it is because it is con scious th.it it has a low circulation in num ber or respectability.— Effingham Wilson's land-look for Advertisements. Supply. — The following is the schedule to the bill for supply which was introduei d into .the Assemblv last fight: — 'Sums required for the services 1875-6 (to 31st December, 1875) — Tho library, £32U ; refreshment rooms, £150 ; Chief Secretary's office, £1400 ; Government Statist, £320 ; police, £18,(-00 ; penal establishments and gaols, £6190 ; medical, £3800 ; hospitals for the insane, £15,000 ; industrial and reformatory schools, £7900 ; the Observatory, £550 ; Public Library, museums, and National Gallery, £2500 ; Government botanist, £200 ; short hand writer, £390 -, Victorian Hansard, £300 ; Agent-General,— ; Audit Office, £1 150 ; Scab prevention and diseases in stock, £S00 ; aborigines, £800 ; grants, £1500 ; miscel laneous, £1800 ; education, £36,260; build ings, £15,000 ; their honors the judges, £350 ; Law Officers of the Crown, £1250 ; Crown Solicitor, £550 ; prothonotary, — ; Master in Equity, £410 ; Master in Lunacy, £120 ; Courc of Insolvency, £410 ; Kegistrar Gene ral aud Registrar of '! itles, £3320 ; deputy registrars, £400; sheriffs, £1700; county courts, courts of mines, and general sessions, £2900; police magistrates and wardens, £4700 ; clerks of courts and interpreters, £3200 ; coroners, £1370 ; Treasurer, £4600 ; stores and. transport, £250 ; Government printer, £5000 ; advertising, £250 ,; curator of estates of deceased persons, £200 ; de fences, £17,000 ; transport and marine in-' surance, £1000 ; charitable institutions, £20,000 ; miscellaneous, £76 0 ; survey, sale, and management of Crown lands, £? 7,560 ; expenses of land board inquiries, and to meet claims under Land Act, £100 ; public parks, gardens, and reserves, £1560 : botauical and domain gardens, £1240 ; agriculture, forests, and industries, £260 ; forests, £4S0 ; grants in aid, — ; public works, £3400 ; Melbourne sewers aud water supply, £8130 ; Geelong water supply, £120 ; public works, £25,000 ; customs, £8050 ; ports and harbors, £70S0 ; distilleries, immigration, mercantile marine, and fisheries, £1000 ; powder magazines, £100 ; marine survey, £500 ; post and tele graph offices, £28,yoO ; telegraph 'incs. I'3000 ; mail service, £12,000 ; railways and roads, £63,000 ; roadworks anil bridges. — ; Mining Department, .£4600 ; Victoriau Water Supnly, £360 ; local waterworks. — ; {rold fields reservoirs, £50 ; miscellaneous, £1S5O ; prospecting,—. Total, £3S0,250. Cool Indeed. — Tne manner in which vessels are ' rnahed ' by visitors both in Geulimo aud Sandridge, says the Geelong Advertiser, lias often been commented upon, many of tho intruders being under the im pression that when on board they niny. -2o whatever they like. The saloon is generally the centre of attraction, the rigging nfiords amusement for larrikius, aud private cabius (tenanted or . untenauted) are subjected to thorough inspection. The cool fissurauce dis played by some visitors is astonishing, and a good story thorennent was related by a cup tain who, we trust, is now rapidly approach ing England. Expecting a visit from some friends he caused wins aud fruit to be placed on the table, and went on board to welcome his intended guests at the gangway. Imagine his surprise on re-entering the saloon to find a well dressed individual and his two sous calmly discussing the almom's aud raisins, orunges, and wines. No amount of staring abashed the intruder, and, approaching him the Captain, sai-J, 'I do not know who or what yon are, you look like oue who would feel annoyed if told you were not agentlenmu. Now what would you say if I maiie my way into your house aud made as free with fruit and wine as you have done with mine ?' ' Say,' responded the well-dresse3 pere de famille, 'I should say Captain ? 1 uui very glad indeed to see you you are perfectly welcome to anything my house contains.' Captain ? confessed ho never was so taken aback iu his life as he was by this most un expected reply, he did not know what to sav, aud soutented himself by looking on at the vigorous assaults made upoi \iis dulibacies. The LviQuiTr of the Border Customs. — Headers at a distance are informed that on the 1st February, 1S74, the Border Customs Convention was abrogated. That convention, or treaty, on the payment of a specific sum by Victoria to New South Wales, entitled the settlers of either colony to freedom of trade across the river Murray frontier. Since its abrogation the people on the New South Wales side are treated iu all their commercial relations with Victorian? as though they were inhabitants of a foreign nation. All their products are subject to the ruinous ' protective ' tariff levied on imports to Vic toria. The surplus grain, principally wheat, grown in the Albury district during the har vest of 1873, was conveyed into Victoria during the month of January 1874, while the treaty was in force, so that serious conse quences did not then follow. However, since the abrogation of the treaty, the people of Hiverina, though only divided by a stream, finding that their wheat would be liable to nine pence per bushel on entering its natural market, and knowing that such an embargo would entail a loss to the ' cultivator, have given over that hitherto' lucrative industry, and now barely produce sufficient for local consumption, not even taking inio consider ation that our townspeople and miners have mouths to be filled. The result is, that within' the past two months, 2.796 bags of flour have been imported from Melbourne into Albury, for consumptien in the interior, and that double that quantity will be required to tide us over until the growing crops aro ready for milling. Seeing that Victoria has only pro duced barely sufficient to supply her -own. inhabitants, this drain on her, though small, will have the effect of raising the 'poor man's' loaf in that colony, an enhancement' traceable to the doors of those rabid pro tectionists who interfere with the freedom of commerce. . Nor does the mischief end there, If there were no protection in Victoria, the selectors of Riverina would have sent into that colony 500,000 bushels of wheat , last year — a serious item in the traffic income of the North-Eastern railway, and something considerable to the shippers at Hobsou's Bay. The j'd justice of the people of Victoria in charging the people of this province £2 per bag protection on flour, whilst their products are admitted duty free here, is apparent to all honest politicians. Victorian protectionists may chuckle at this state of things, but when the railway from Sydney is finished to the Border, then they will find that Port Jack son will flourish, vhilst the once famous Hobson's Bay will dwindle down to a second rate port. Already signs of decay are seen. The shipping and tonnage outwards' from' Sydney during 1874 exceeded those of Mel bourne, and yet the protectionists will not see that they are ruining themselves. If .they will not have our wheat they must take ; our beef, mutton, aud wool. — Border Post. The Pickled Tabson. — The Rev. John Gamage, A.M., rector of Sedgefield,. died in the second' week of December, 17&T;, about a week before the tithes became due; and it is said that his widow, who was a woman with all her wits about her, resorted to the bold experiment of laying his body in salt, and keeping it in a private room, till after the 20jih of the month, the day on which the tithefar mers came to pay their rents. Her scheme succeeded. She received the emoluments of the living for that year, which would other wise have gone into the Bishop of Durham's bauds, as patron. And after she had got the money safe, she made public the fact of her husband's decease. This clever jiece of trickery does not seem to be pleasing to the ghost of the departed, who was doubtless an honorable as well as a reverend man; and, therefore, the parsonage, for many years, be came a haunted house. ' Tho Pickled Par son,' as he was irreverently termed, infested the neighbourhood for the bettor part of half a century, making night hideous. At length, on the morning of the last day of the year 1872, a fire broke out in one of the lodging rooms of the rectory-house, and before it could be extinguished the greater part of the building was destroyed. From that day and hour the apparition was never more seen. A Pair Challenge. — Mr Patterson, at the close of his speech on Thursday, says the Telegraph, threw out some bitter taunts against the members of the Government, and those who sat immediately behind them, declaring that not one of them was desirous of goiug before his constituency at the pre sent juncture. Mr E. Murray Smith replied, ' I'll go to-morrow if you will.' The hon. member for Castlemaine, however, could not see the force of accepting the challeuge. which he said would be no test, as it would only result in aristocratic St. Kilda sending back Mr Smith, and Castlemaine returning Mr Patterson. Extraordinary Coach Accident. — The Hobart Tewn Mercury states that on tt« 10ih iusi. an extraordinary iiccideut happened to ihu Falmoutu mail coach. After leaving Uul lenswood, the coach enters St. Mary's Pass on entering, the road is not more than 12 feet wide. A lofty wall of rock bounds the road on one side, and on the other is a precipice plunging almost sheer down to a depth of be twec-n 150 and 200 feet. When Page's coach arrived a', this dangeron3 spot on the day in question, a lad with two horses happpned to ba coining in ths opposite direction. Instead of retreating into one of the recesses made for the purpose, while the coach passed, the lad persisted in going on, and drove his horses between the vehicle and the cliff, oue of the horses backing across the road in front of the coach, the horses in which took fright and fell, hanging over the precipice. The coach man cut the harness, and the horses, thus freed, fell through the brushwood down to the bottom of the precipice. Fortunately for the occupants of the coach the wheels caught in a log laid on the outside edge of the road; otherwise nothing could have prevented coach and passengers from following the horses in their headlong fall, with what would almost certainly have been a fatal result. The horses were found almost uninjured. ? ; ? Chinese Tradesmen. — The Chinese store keepers at Young appear to have a keen ap preciation of the benefits of advertising, and they go in for dphble columns and 'gas' with a vengeance. Sun, Kum, Hang, and Company guarantee that their prints are Hoyle's.Liddiard's, and Sheriff's best quali ties, and are warranted fast, while they are prepared to supply hosiery in the ' most apr proved makes,' We (Forbes Times) always thought, from the extreme bagginess of Celestial apparel, that the children of the Sun held stockings to be of no account, but it stems they know a good-shaped limb and can fit it on occasion. Then there is Mr Chang Fong Tey, of the celebrated firm of Jor Tack Tong of Sydney, announces that he has secured the services of hi3 almond-eyed friend, Mr Choy Quiu Touug Have, from the rival fhop over the way, who will be ready to do the houours of the drapery counter to any number of fair constituents. It is to bo hoped that the young ladies of Young, who may patronise these soft goods establishments, will have the correct titles of their favoured assistants at their fingers' ends ; and, by the time they have run up a quarter's bill (alway.-? supposing their credit is good there), they may expect to have a very fair smattering of Chow Chow lingo, and will be able to tell their secrets to each other in the jiresence of their parents without fear of disclosure. The gentlemen who are advartised as ' Tommy' and ' Jimmy ' will prove a valuable acqui sition to Mr Chang, and as they become Anglicised in name, at all events, it may be expected that they will be experts in minor mutters of shop etiquette, and will be able to take up the weather question, and even touch upon tbo latee t scandal with waiting customers. The Chiuanien evidently mean business, and seeing tho way they have set about it, we can not do otherwise ;hau wish them unlimited success. Advertisements on the Brain. — The following cutting from an American paper indicates amusingly enough, find with some degree of truth, the gradual effect of an ad vertisement on the mind : — ' The first time a man looks at an advertisement he does not see it.. The second time, he does not notice it. The third time, he is dimly conscious of it. Tue fourth time, lie faintly remembers having seen something of the kind before. The fifth time, he half reads it. The sixth time, he turns up his nose at it. The seventh timp, he reads it through, aud says, ' Pshaw!' The eight time, he ejaculates, ' Here's that confounded thing again 1' The ninth time, he wonders if ' there's anything in it.' The tenth time, he thinks it might possibly suit somn one else's case. The eleventh time, he thinks. he will ask his neighbour if he. has tried it, or knows anything about it. The twelfth time, he wonders how the advertiser can make it pay. The thirteenth time, he ra'hcr thinks it must be a good thing. The fourteenth time, he appears to think it is what he has wanted for a long time. The fifteenth time, he resolves to try it as soon as he can afford it. The sixteenth time, he examines the address carefully and makes a memor andum of it. The eighteenth time, he is painfully reminded how much he needs that particularly excellent article. The nine teenth time, he counts his money to see how much he would have left if he bought it ; and the twentieth time, he frantically rushes in a fit of desperation, and buys it.' MsiLS via. California. — In the opinion of a gentleman, resident in San Francisco, and who is intimately acquainted with the sub ject, we are to have a thirty-two days' mail service via California. In a letter received in Melbourne by the last mail, and dated the 16th Ootober, he writes : — ' Jay Gould has just leU New York for Omaha, to make all arrangements for a fast train in connection with the fast train now running on the eastern portion ol the line. Gould is the principal owner also of the Union Pacific Railroad, and he and Staudford, of the Ceu traLEacific, which terminates the chain in San Francisco, are arranging to have the time table run so ' as' to earry passengers in five days from San Francisco to New York. Mark my words for it, you will see before long that paasengers are brought from Melbourne to San 'Francisco, via Fiji, in' nineteen ''days ;' across the continent, five days ; New York to England,' eight days ; total, thirty-two rdayf. The latter run has been made three times withia;\he last month in little over seven days. If your,paople giye a subsidy for running the line you caii have it, alternating with the present line, and the advantages to your colony would be incalculable. There are reasons why the American Government will not subsidise the present line. If, therefore, this other line is started, the Pacific mail will get the subsidy for the fastest line, and Victoria will be in the premier position. The reason of the not giving a subsidy is that the muil must be solely in American hands.' A High Bbidge.— The highest bridge is, it stated, about to be built in Kentucky, at the crossing of the Kentucky Kiver, on the Cin cinnati Southern Railway, near the Shaker Ferry. The bridge will, consist oS an iron deck truss of three apaus oi 375 feet each, centre to centre, supported by two piers and two abutments. The pier3 will be built of masonry to a height of 64 feet 6 inches above iow-waler mark, and the additional distance below low- water mark will soon be determined by the residont engineer of the Baltimore Bridge Company, which has secured the con tract. These piers will be 120 feet long, end to end of cutwater, and 3a feet wide on the top, built hollow, with the walls 24 feet from the .end.. Upon the masonry willrest the iron trestle work forming the balance q{ the piers up to tho height of the bridge seat, upon whioh tho trusses rest. The grade line is 276 feet 6 'inches above low-water. The abutments wiil be built upon the cliffs on each side of the river, aud be 48 feet high, depending on the shape of the ledges of rock. The whole amount of masonry will approximate to 11,000 yards. This Kentucky bridge will no doubt be a wonderful structure, but one of the great requirements of the day is a still higher bridge across the Atlantic. Even if there were some difficulty in constructing such a bridge, it suroly. would be easy enough to form an Inter national Bridge Company to make the attempt. The prospectus would merely have to state that the number of English and American touripts is increasing annually at a marvellous rate ; that these travellers would be even more numerous but for the perils and discom fort of tbs sea voyage ; that a vnst impetus would be given to commerce and emigration by the soheme, and with the help of a few statistics and an engineer's report the bridge would be floated.— Pall Mall Gazette. A Candidate for the Cat. — A resident in Madeline-street, Melbourne, says that a brutal and sickening scene was witnessed on Wednesday morning, says the Telegraph, on the plot of vacant ground neat the cemetery. A man wns driving across it in a light waggon, followed by a dog, and when about the middle of the ground he got out, caught the dog, and threw it under the wheel. The unfortunate animal was so injured that it was unable to rise and run away, but it crawled a short distance. The brutal fellow caught it again, and put it once more under the wheel, this time running the wheel backward and forward over the dog, which was howling horribly. Not being able to kill it in this way, he commenced to jump on it, and continued this plan, of oxecution until he dog was dead. Fatal Explosion in a Gold Mine.— The Gfiorge Town correspondent of the Queens lander, of the 20th inst., writes :— Abi.ni teu o'clock last Thursday morning, two explo sions, at an interval of a few seconds, were heard by some of the residents of the town, and the peculiar sound of the last drew their attention to the St. George's claim. Upon their arrival at the claim a fearful sight met their view— a man without a stitsh of clothiu-:, charred and roasted, the skin peeling off in places, but walking about, able to speak nnd perfectly sensible. They, with others who had hastened to the spot, covered him with a blanket to exclude tho air, while the chemist, who was amongst ths first arrivals, did all in bis power to assuage the fearful ngonies ?which the poor fellow was suffering. Within an hour from the appearance on tbe surface of the chiitu he became insensible, find was then conveyed to the hospital, where he expired the same afternoon, five hours after the occurrence. It appears that there were four' men working in the claim, two in the lowest level (70 feet), who escaped scath less, and the decensed Thomas Anderson aud his mate, Henry Proctor, abont 30 feet up the underlay shaft, and the same distance south of the straight shaft. Having loaded a hole they lit the fuse, and retired some distance farther up until' the explosion took place. Close to where they had moved was the keg containing about 401bs of powder, unfor tunately having no covering to it. It is con jectured that a portion of the burning fuse, was shot into tbe powder, which immediately exploded, blowing the deceased many feet away, literally roasting him. The most ex traordinary part follows. In total darkness he ran about 40 feet up the steep narrow underlay, climbed the ladder about 20 feet, and then ran to the tent about 100 yards off, where he was taken pare of by those present until his removal to the -hospital. The de ceased, sitting directly between Proctor and the powder, saved the latter from certain death. As it is, he is considerably burnt' aud shaken, but is now out of danger aud re covering. ' ..???.. Is it Jdst ? — Once a thief, always a crimi nal, would seem to be a recognised rule in Victoria. An unfortunate fellow named Charles Dowling was brought before the City Bench on Monday morning ' on acharge of being illegally at large in the colony. Detective Mahohey produced a. ponderous tome, by which it was shown that prisoner received a sentence of nine months' imprison ment for larceny in New South Wales. The sentence was completed long since, but under the Influx of Criminals Prevention Act tbe man is amenable to three years' imprison ment for visiting this cplony. From the man's statement it appears to be a hard case, as he walked all the way from Sydney for medical treatment, and produced his card as an out-door patient of the Melbourne Hospi tal. The man only arrived in Melbourne on Thursday, and was arrested by Mahoney on Saturday. Mr Sturt pointed out the serious nature of the offence, but told the prisoner they did not wish to be hard ou him. They would admit him to bail on bis own recog nisances, providing he would promise to leave the colony within seven days. The promise was given readily. A Brute.— The following scandalous inci dent is reported by the Telegraph : — ' A dis graceful scene occurred on Sunday eveuing iu Collins-street, near Dr Blair's house. A young man was seen coming from the right-uf-way followed by a young woman, who was crying and begging him to go home to his father. He then told her not to follow him, and, as she still continued, he went up to her. with his clenched fist, and struck her a violent blow in the face, and then gave her a brutal kick. A gentleman who was passing told the youug ruffian that he was a coward to strike a woman, and said he felt strongly incliucd to serve him the same. The fellow told him it was none of his business, aud slunk over into the opposite right-of-way. A policeman came up and the circumstances were detailed to him, but he coolly told the gentleman to move on, unless he wished to be locked up. At this juncture an old man from the right of-way, who had heard and witnessed the pro ceedings, remonstrated at any interference between tbe young man and woman, as ' she was only his sister.' Disgraceful as the yonng man's conduct was, the nonchalant policeman and hardened old mon by their conduct seemed to accord it their cordial approval.' A Novel Core tor Cholera. — Some wonderful cures for cholera (says the Bombay Gazette) have been from time to time said to exist; but we' have not heard of any so mysterious or original as the one 'which was dlluded to in a local contemporary's telegram from. Madras lately: — 'Last week;' says the telegram, f 273 deaths from cholera Dccurred at Vellore, 'which (the cholera, we suppose, and not Vellore) is still virulent. Thirty or forty deaths occur daily at Salem. A. 1 the schools are closed. The Collector tias ordered two hundred rockets to be let off nightly.' We hope that the means adopted by the Collector to abate the epidemic will be sucessful. The walls of Jericho were blown down by ?' trumpeting, and there probably is no reason why cholera should not be cured by a prompt discharge of rockets. Madras has been called the Benighted Presidency ; but the Salem Collector's pro ceedings in regard to cholera argue highly in favour of the superior enlightment of the Madras Presidency. o A.BuNYip at'Last. — One morning last week (says the Seymour Express), the water of the Goulburn near the bridge at Seymour was ob served to be in an unusual commotion, so much so that tbe cattle grazing near the river were attracted to tbe bank, and ran about in an excited state, watchiag the movements of some monster of the fish species which was trying to make headway against the current. Duncan M'Intosh,' seeing the cattle running along the bank of the river, and hearing the splashing in the water, went to see the cause. On going to the river he saw something swim ming or paddling just under the surface of the water. Owing to the river being very muddy he could not see the outline of the creature, bub describes it as of a grey colour, 18ft. to 20ft. long, with short arms or fins which acted as paddles, and splashed the water about when it came near the surface. It is more than probable that the stenmer which came up the Goulburn about the same time may have disturbed the creature, and. drove it before it. Centipedes. — An interesting feature in reptile life has been communicated to the Foochow Herald by a resident who was an eye-witness (together with some friends) of ' reptile mesmerisn' which under different phases, occurred on two occasions. In the firsc case — a. centipede, about 7 inches Jong was seen crawling up the wall. Its progress was at once arrested by the native servant imitating the cackling of a fowl, it was sum marily condemned to death, and sentence promptly executed. The second case was more interesting — a centipede 8 inches long was progressing up the wall at a rapid pace, when the same ' mesmeric influence' was brought to bear upon it. The progress the reptile grew grad.wiUy slower and on reaching.1 the ceiling it wa9 evidently sub dued, for after a few seconds of the Chinese servant's cackling it fell bodily to the ground. This extraordinary phenomenon aroused »he curiosity of our fellow- resident, and on in stituting inquiry !thereason given was that fowls -are very , partial to centipedes— which, are killed by one peck on a particular part of the head, and. then devoured with great gusto. This explanation, our informant states, must Be- taken cum grano salis, he will only vouch for the first part of the story. An Indian Rajah of many Wives.— The papers here are executing various embroid eries upon the approaching arrival in this city of Ahmed-Fedji-Gwa-lior, described as one of the richest Kajahs tributary to Eng land in India, and as being a model of manly beauty, his family being proverbially hand some ; and explaining that quality by the simple fact that it descends in a direct line from Brahma himself. The rich and hand some Rajah is coming apparently to marry Miss Emily Deoker, daughter of an English colonel, who was formerly one of his father's Ministers. The bride elect is to remain a protestant, but the bridegroom will retain his own theological creed, and the children.areto be brought up in the same. As the Rajah is credited with a collection of two hundred and twenty-seven ladies, some curiosity is felt here as to what will be the nature of the relations between them and the European. ?wife. , Melancholy Death. — The death of Alex ander Lnckie, says the Alexandra Times, on Saturday morning, came liks n general calamity on most of the residcuis of this district, as the deceased was almost a native of the place. He was as unobtrusive, hard* working, nnd industrious a yonng man as could be found in any community. He was ol a kind, gooil hearted disposition, and the sole support of his aged mother. i he circum stances connected with his death lire of a more than ordinarily painful natnrc. The people residiug ou the Acheroa had resolved to celebrate the opening of their now State school by a tea-meeting and ball, and Luckia was amongst tbe guests. Spirits were sup plied by simeone unconnected with the management of the affair, and Alick LnoMe had taken too much. He whs by no means given to drinking, ami that niyh'- was to have been made a Eeohabite. It was said by several whom he invited to drink that that was the last chance they would have of drinking with him, as he was to h« a Eecha bite in the eveuing. He was r:iliug. about in the morning under the influence ' of drink, and at last started off in the direction of tho Acheron mines. Shortly afterwards he was found dead under a tree . with two forks shooting out from near the ground at an angle of 45 deg. It is supposed that he must have attempted to jump his horse between these two forks, but the animal had shied off under one of them, striking the rider on the chest, seven of his ? ribs being broken on the right side. Death must have been the immediate result. The .Convict Scott. — The convict Scott, says the Spectator allusion to whose case was made in. our last, is a fair specimen of the prisoners at Pentridge, who declare the place 'the most immoral ; and disgusting in the i world.' 'Not content with forcibly robbing the bank at Egertou, nearly ruining the inno cent young man who managed it, and break ing out' of Ballarat Gaol, this villain has ? ? given endless trouble to the authorities of the prison. He h:is b'ought numerous false accusations against the officers, ,aml seems one day to have beeu caught fashioning a pistol barrel iu the blacksmith's shop. .No doubt if he had succeeded the weapon would have been used on some of the keeper?. In court he even hail the assurance to declare that if he were not treated with more consideration, he would endeavor, like Weeeliiirch, to murder one of the attendants. Unless so dangerous a' spirit of insubordination be re pressed with a firm :haud, the worst conse3 quences may be . apprehended. It will never answer to allow the rogues of the community to dictate their own measure of punishment. A Splendid Residence.— The abode of tba notorious Alexander Collie, tbe absconding London merchaut, is- described us the most magnificent mansion in -Kensington Palace gardens. On the w°st side of the gardens a long broad private avenue extends for a inile, and for much of this distance on either side are to be found some oi the finest residences in the metropolis. They aro very large and stand in their own grounds, and tire in every respect most desirable and magnificent resi dences. ' Sir Morton Peto, who had a little notoriety in America some years ago, lived in one of them, find Thiickeray resideil in one of tho smallest of thtni further cJ..wn the hill. Tbe towering trees of Kensington gardens bitvo a very mnjestic appearance as seen from the back of these residences on the eastern side oi tho .-iveiiuo, naA gave a d.-lightfnlly rustic appearance -o the laudscapn. In the interior of the house there was one sideboard beautifully cawed, and valued at tiie trifling sum of 30,000dol.' Tha carpets throughout the house were of the most expensive kind. Thtj long drawing room was fitted with Parian marlile mantels of. : great value, and with pillars of tho mrest marble, while the walls ? nnd lofty ceilings were painted in a style of ?....? ; ,.:-. art reminding one of the palaces on the Con tiueut. Much of the decoration in several rooms is of the Pompeiian style. The bil liard room was adorned with mirrors on every siile aud lighted by a elere-story. ' The walls of this picture room were hun^ with satin and brocRdi', and in all the apartments there was. evidence of lavish profusion! '' Effects of Wokuy.— That the effects of worry are more to be dreaded tlinu those of simple hard work is evident from noting the cl-iss of persons who suffer most from the ? effects of mental over-strain. The case-book of the physician shows that it is the specu lator, the nting m»n, the railway manager, the great merchant; the superintendent of targe mauu. .cturing nnd commarcial works, who most frequently exhibit the S3'mptoms of . cerebral exhaustion. : Mental cares, accom panied by suppressed emotion, 'occupations liable .to great vicissitudes 'of fortune, and those wnich iuvolve the bearing on the mind of a multiplicity, of intricate details, eventu ally break down the lives of the strongest. In estimating what may be called the staying; .. powers of different minds, under hard work, it is always necessary- to take' early training into account. - A younfc man, cast suddenly into a position involving- ? greac care and responsibility, wi|l break : down; whereas had he been habituated to this position, he would have .performed its duties without difficulty. It is probable for ;..'? this reason that the professional classes suffer .'?' less from the effects of overstrain than the others They have bad a loDg course of pre liminary training, and their work comes on them by degrpes ; therefore, when it does come in '.xcessive quantity it finds them pre pared for it. Those, on the other hand, who suddenly vault into a po- ition-requiring severe mental toil generally die before their time.— — Chambers'* Journal. Trouble. — A friend of the Tichborne claimant, one Arthur Trevor Hill, still well known in some of the wool-sheds of ; the- ' . Western district, as well as in Melbourne, got into trouble at Bourke, Upper Darling, the other day. The Pastoral Times relates that he had been speaking disrespectfully of a. ; yonng lady at Kourke, so a wicked larrikin .y enticed Mr Hill into Tattersall's Hotel, where he was thrown to: the ground and severely . . horsewhipped by one Thomas Topham, who thus redressed the young lady's wrongs, for which he was fined £5 by the bench. Their ? worships thought that Hill had apparently ; brought the' trouble on himself by his volu bility. He was a friend of the sot disant ? Tichborne baronet, had, as he said, danced . .. '' with him and two sisters at a ball at Chelten ham, in old England; and what is more, Arthur (not Orton) swore to this in an affi- . . r' davit. He thus assisted in bolstering up the ; . . claimant in his dance after the Tichborne ' ' j baronetcy. . Arthur Trevor Hill claims to be of the noble family of Dungannon. ; Miss Mary, Carpenter. — The. Times of . India informs us ] that . among the passen gers by the Indus (s.s.) which arrived at Bombay, on ;. the 14th October, was the philanthropic lady Miss Mary^ Carpenter, who visits India for the third tince:. She intends making a tour .through the country, encourag ing female education, industrial- schools, and prisou discipline. On hev return- from Scinde, she will deliver a public address to tbo ur.mberis of the Bombay Branch of the Na'ibual Indian Association, ^represented in Bombay by .Dr Atmaram Pandurang; and ?Messrs A F. Moos and K. M-. Shroff. CostER^iSioN at a Fashionable; Water- . ?ikg PLACE:-Middle-aged party, envious of the belle of t£s room, and determined to put' her down - ' ' How admirably your dress maker has' altered your dress i: H vow, I; ? rdly ? recognised io as the one you wore ? S yeari' Younp. party, with, outraged feelings, owing to the consc.ousness that the insulted ^arb had come airectfrom. Worth s- °nd 'as now worn for the firs* time :? ' Yes. ^isnicelv done, I think. Bythe way, tell m e Airs X ? , where did you, procure your. Z% teeth? Thev are perfectly lovely. £r 1 1 must saj that I liked your last year s. Sb e hair mu&» better than .that you, now V , .,? ' ? Stately eoxirtesis oa- both sides, ana; al Virtual resolve never to- recognise- the* crea tureagaiai ;?; .. : 