THE COSPATRICK. The wholesale manslaughter which took place off the Cape of Good Hope on the 17th of November last was one of those criminal calamities that are above the ordinary grasp of the law, and altogether outside the reach of punishment. The catastrophes at sea for which no one is to blame, throughthe result of carelessness or stupidity, are unpleasantly numerous, especially those that are brought about by ships running each other down in mid- ocean fer want of room to pass each other. Hundreds of lives have been lost in this way of late years, but they being dead, the unfortunate people were done with, and those who caused their deaths escaped altogether, or had their certificates sus pended for a brief period. Some of the men who were responsible for the horrible fate of the Cospatrick passengers and crew paid dearly for their carelessness and! subsequent want of judgment, but there are others alive who should feel uncom fortable with the ghosts of the drowned or burned multitude haunting them. When captains of ships go down to de struction along with the others there is a natural dislike to find fault with them, and there is a propensity to write them into heroes because they stuck to a post of danger which they conld not well abandon. More consideration is shown to the dead in this respect than to the safety of the living, for while the errors of the former are condoned, it is at the risk of leaving other commanders unwarned ! who may rush into the same dangers, or make the same mistakes, and share the same fate. There are, however, hundreds of captains sailing their ships under exactly similar conditions to those of the Cospatrick, and it only requires the touch of a match or some other ignition to involve them in a like disaster. It is perhaps improbable that all commanders would show the same lack of presence of mind that Captain Elmslie did with re spect to the boats. When asked if they should be lowered when the fire was first discovered, he failed see the necessity of getting them out, though had that been done a twofold advantage would have been gained — by the removal of the passengers out of the way of the crew, and also affording them a chance to get out of tbe ship before the fire was at its height. The night was fine, and the boats could have remained near the burning ship, so that if the fire got extinguished the people could have been taken on board again, or if the ship was destroyed they would have at least had a chance for their lives. Captain Elmslie, however, appears to have been unequal to the terrible emergency, for after keeping the boats on board for some of them to be burned, he issued the order for everyone to do the best he, she, or it could for themselves. " 'Midst upper ether and surrounding fire," this was a ghastly piece of advice, but it was all that could be given, and the captain showed what he considered was best thing to be done under the circum stances by jumping overboard and taking his wife with him. The captain of any and every passenger ship is liable to find himself and those in his care in the midst of a fire any day or night at sea, and one lesson they should learn from the Cos patrick is to get their passengers into the boats as soon as possible, if tbe weather is such as to permit the transhipment. Another one is that they should have the boats ready for such an emergency instead of allowing them to be so placed and lumbered up that they are absolutely useless. On this point owners, surveyors, and officers are all sprinkled with the same blood, for it is undeniable that had the boats fo the Cospatrick been avail able, scores of the burning people might have been saved. By available is meant in a fit condition to be lowered at short notice with a number of persons in them, and sufficient provisions to afford a few days' sustenance. Surely some one should be responsible for the lives of people who are huddled into ships' boats without oars, a single drop of water, or a solitary biscuit on board, leaving thousands of gallons of water and hundreds of tons of provisions on board the abandoned vessel. It is all very well to encourage a senti mental sympathy for those in charge of ships that are overtaken by calamities, but it would perhaps be better if the other view of matters were taken, and that the cries and shrieks and sufferings of the burning passengers of the Cospatrick should be regarded as,a cry for vengeance, and be visited upon the heads of those who sent the ship to sea without making any proper precaution to secure the safety of her hundreds of occupants. 