FACTS, FANOY AND FTO. ' Heading at the Bar.—Begging for a drinlc. The Bound uf Domestic Life.—A hoop skirt. " H»ry, my love, this apple dumpling is not half done."—" Well, finish it then, my dear." Mythological Festivity.—Hercules going to dine with his club. How did the bull look on emerging from the china shop?—A little the worse for ware. In a game of cards a good deal depends on good playing, and good playing on o good deal. A Shut Up. — A Paris banker showed DemfJoff a pin of malachite, and asked him him whether it was not beautiful.—" "V*erT,' said the prince. "I hare » mantelpiece and a door made of exactly tho same quality." " Roast beef," said the boarder to the waiter. —" How will you have it, sir ?" " Weil done, thou good and faithful" ser vant." Real and Exchangeable. — Said a loving wife to her husband, *' Will tou never learn, my dear, the difference between real aud ex changeable value ?"—The husband, tired of political economists in petticoats, replied, "Ah, jes, my dear, I know your great learn ing aud many virtues. That your real value. But I know also that none of my married friends would change wires with me. That's your exchangeable value. Pleasant Fits to Hive.—Those of your tailor. A Xatural Color.—The gray of tho morn ing. Charging.—A juryman was asked whether he had beeu charged by the judge.—" Well," said he, " the little fellow that sits up in the pulpit and stares over tho crowd gave us a lecture, but 1 don't kuow whether he charges us or not." Native Impudence.—Oyster " sauce." When young ladies wager gloves, in what color do they usually pay ?—Smoke ! The Cup that Neither Cheers nor Inebriates. —The hic-cup. Why was Ariadno on the desert shore like snuff in a tobacconist's shop?—Because she was to Bacchus weeping (tobacco sweeping.) A Mantle Shelf.—A lady's shoulders. What is the difference between an accident aud a misfortune ?—If your pressing tailor were to fall into the river, it would be an ac cident ; but if any one were to pull him out, it would be a misfortune. Ho(a)v:C Exercise.—Singing with a bad cold. Mamma: " Aud now, puisy, you have chatted enough. Shut your eyes, hold your tongue, and go to Eleep."—Pussy: " How can I do three things at once?" Equal to the Occasion.—Brownson : "Well, I always make it a rule to tell my wife every that happens."—Smithkius : " Oh, my dear fellow, that's nothing! I tell my wife lots of things that never happened at all." Polite Reply. ■— About teu years before Humboldt's death he grew sick, and the report of his decease spread all over Germany. A Leipsic pbysologist immediately applied to the celebrated sculptor, Rauch, aud entreated him to procure Humboldt's skull at any price. Rauch was well acquainted with Humboldt; who had in the meantime recovered, aud showed him the letter. As usual, tho sacaui relied, politely, " That at present he himself needed his skull; afterwards it was at the ap plicant's disposal." Tiring and Retiring.—That was not a bad hit of a gentleman going out of town in a train, who said to his friend, a comparatively Toung man just retired from business, " Ah, when people tire of business iu town, they go to retire in the country." ^ "Why are chickens liberal ? Because they give a peck when they take a grain. The \Yeather and the Crops.—Kote. Always have your hair cut very short in the hottest weather A Star of the Evening.—A noliceman. Love of Praise.—An Irish orator, speaking of an opponent's love of praise, described him as so vain in that respect " that he would be content to give up the ghost if it wero but possible to look up aud read the stonecutter's puff on his grave." The Hair and the Hustings.—Emma: "Ah! j The chignon is now at the poll of tho head. One of these days the chignon will ba at the head of the poll."—Edwin: "I cannot say. I hope I shall not live to see it. But if I do, a most preposterous fashion will have lashed a great many years."—Emma: " Oh you dis agreeable creature. "Waste not, Want not."—A raw yokel, who hud be4n gazing at a garden in the vicin ity of a city in which were several marble statues, exclaimed, "Just see what a waste! Here's no less than six scarecrows in this little ten-foot patch, and any on 'em could keep the crows from a five-acre lot." What it showed.—A lady teacher in a Sun day school recently had occasion to illustrate a lesson on faith by the story of a child who was told by his lather to drop from an elevated place into his arms. The father could not be Eeen by tho child, yet.,-when commanded, it dropped. Upon the teacher asking her class ■what was shown by this story, a brieht little fellow immediately replied, "It 8l?01feahe had pluck. A Sweet Run.-—A wag passing by a gro cer s shop, and seeing him measuring out treacle, called out to him; " Sir, vou have a sweet run of business. " A Winning Way.—A gentleman the other evening objected to playing cards with a ladv, bscause, he said she had such a " winning way about her. Hard to Swallow,—Old John Berry liked to tell a big story. One erening, sitting in the village inn, he said he drore a horae seventy-two mile6 in one day on the ice, when the ice was so thin that, the water spirted up through the holes cut through the horse's hoofs. One of the bystanders rsmarksd that seventy-two miles was a pretty good drive for one day.— Yes, said Uncle John, " but it was a long day iu June." The Virtue of a Shirt.—A button. Unpleasant Strains of Music. — Cracked voices. A Standing Dish.-W (stewed) oysters. V> ny does the washing couie home on a the^eek °aU'e ^ ^ cloSe (ciothe5) of \- m 2 Waggon.—A very good story is told of a gentleman in E , who is a rery worthy citizen, who had a farm a short distance out in the country, which he leased tW™ D ™ ® andlord t0 two-fifths of the crops. When the crop was saved, the tenant sidled his horse, and took the land ord s share to him tied up in a handkerchief, who, upon seeing the bundle, asked what was -here.— Tour share of the wheat," savs the ' landlord : " My what?"—1Tenant : < J?" S!m\c.of th? wheat." — Landlord: lake it back. take it back! And next year .vou only have five grains, bring them in a. waggon; but never come again ou horse back. Ode to my Washerwoman.—Eire shillings. Pudding i'or Lawyers.—Suet. Hydraulic.—" Don't you think Mr. Prosy a speaker of great power?" asked a gentle man, in reference to a pompous, long-winded lecturer, who spoke in a high-keyed, drawing voice.—" Yes, high-draiol-ic power," was the reply of the person addressed. Court Plaisters.—Awards for damages. Convivial Statuary.—Animated busts. A Friend at a Pinch.—One who shares his snuff-box with you. ; Why is the pronoun we but in an indiffer ent state of health ? Because it is but half \- tee-ll (well). A witticism of the day iu Paris recently denned a masked ball as " a merciful institu tion for plain women." Young Jenks thinks marriage must be favorablo to longevity; and old maid nevor lives to be over thirty. A Contradiction.—Gay's "vave. A Practical Girl.—Miss I>eeds. Which is best—the soug of the nightingale or the lay of the barn-door fowl ?—-Shut up, and pass the eggspo&a.; Prom the Rural Districts—What is the ^ difference between a justice of the peace and a piece of justice ? I» there any chanco of reward iu the Chancery ward ? How to Make a Eire Hot.—Keep, it coaled. \V by should the Suez Canal 'improve the visionary powers of Africa?,— Because it makes it au eye-land. _ lied to Time,—-Watchmaker's apprentice. 