Hue ¡¡^piä. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I ara In tho place whcro I am demanded of conscience to Bpe&k; the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, i Impugn it whoso list." ' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion m the news columns should be addressed to tuf Edito». Rejected communications cannot ho returned under any circumstances whatever. No notice can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by tho namo and addrcBS of the writer, not necenBarily for publication, but ne a guarantee of good faith. To avoid incon\ enienco and uolay to puroona Intoregted no lune to request that all business communica- tions, i ucind in if advertisements, orders for tho p-vpor, aud remittances, bo addressed to Wilson and ilAtkUNitON. and not to mu Dditoii. MONDAY, JANUARY li, 1875. Old exporience. according to Milton, may attain to something of prophetic power. This is not, howovor, ofton true of communities, for the one phase of history which moat often repeats itself is the refusal or inability shown to learn and apply the lessons of the past. This colony is certainly no oxception to the rulo. If over anything received ample demonstration in public lifo, it is the folly of stirring up strifo by party erics for reform, and of seeking to get a good government by means of factious agitations. For some years thoro was in this colony what was called a popular party, bont on getting what was supposed to be good for one portion of " the people" as distinguished from another. The cry was thundered from a thousand platforms, and recoived with loud cheors by public meetings, that " tho people" woro at war with a sot of oligarchs, and it was urged that thoro was a base conspiracy formed to deprive the people of their libortios and to destroy their rights. A largo number of very respectable, but not particularly | intelligent personB, boliovod all this when j they were told it; and wo aro reniiadod I of tho fact by tho discovery that flomo of them actually believe it ali still. Old experience has not made them of pro- phetic vision. They are not able to see a bit further into tho political millstone than they were years ago, though their idols have fallen to pieces, and now lio grovelling in tho mud. The absurd and ill-tempered things which are occasionally said by the rom nant of these Bo-called liberals would bo, of course, unworthy of notice, were it not that they indicate a real and very serious danger. They show that tho people, to a great extent, have not yot risen to the dignity of their position, but can at times bo made to believe things palpably absurd, and thus to givo power to a most undesirable class of public men. It does not require much wisdom to discover that tho one condition prece- dent of good government in this colony is the return of honest and conscientious men. There may be wide différences of opinion, but they will not materially affect the efficiency of the government, provided that the differences ariao from conviction, and are only those of honour- able men. The administration of a government is analogous to the manage- ment of a farm. There may bo a hun- dred theories, wide differences as to what ought to bo done under certain circum- stances, and even disputes as to the value of complete systems of operation. Still, the intelligent farmer can always grow average crops, and if he does not get all that might be got out of the land, ho gets enough to supply food to the people and make a living for himself. So, in regard to government. There are a thousand theories, moro or less taking to the mind ; a thousand proposals to amend this or improve that ; immense results aro predicted from untried methods _ and an army of theorists stand ready to put everybody except themselves right. In the midst of all this, which we take to be the conditions of pro- gress, it is possible to secure a certain amount of practical good to a people, and to save them from many burdens which they have too often to bear. Honest men, acting in prac- tical matters to the best of their ability, aro able to keep down expenses, and thus lighten taxation ; to make all the departments efficient, and so prevent abuses ; to secure life and property, and to take care that the law is vigorously and intelligently administered. Every year they produce their average of good, and the nation has no unneces- sary or avoidable impediments placed in the way of its progress. It is freo to work out its destiny, and will rise gradually to higher and higher de- velopments by the sheer force of its own inherent desire to advance. Thus, dif- ferences of opinion do not affect the practical administration, because that is in the hands of men who are anxious to do their best. The farmers may dispute about the relative merits of their systems, but each takes care to honestly work his own land. In this view of government, the danger of listening to mero cries is shown, because the men who raise them seek only to get power to use it for their own advantage. The " carpet "baggers" who have got the public affairs of theSouthernStatcsof Amcricanowin their hands, aro but an extreme result of this sort of political natural selection. Thoy found the emancipated negroes ignorant and inexperienced, incapable of judging between the good and the bad, unable to distinguish between argument and profession, and they outbado all rivals. Their rule is distinguished by robbery and bad management, so that many of the states are fast drifting, or have al- ready drifted, into a condition of civil war. We, of course, have nothing so bad as tint, here, but wo have had examples of tho tendency to believe rather in what men profess than in what they aro able to prove. The candidate described in the Billow J'apen as facing north by south, could be matched in this colony, and his aims could be shown to be just the same as those of his colonial prototype. Now, no one expects good government from " carpet-baggers," or men like them. The simplest reader of their doings is able to discover what they aro about ; yet the negroes havo been unable to make this discovery, and bolievo in them as their friends. In the same way, persons at a distance woro able to dis- cover the character of some of our pro- minent agitators, to see that they woro only seeking their own gain, at tho very time when admiring crowds cheered them, and swallowed all the nonsense that thoy uttered. Tho crowd then be- lieved that they had found leaders and champions, and, perhaps, naturally enough. But, wo submit, that thoy ought not to believo again, and that those who call upon them to do so -those who repeat the old worn-out lies and expect accoptanco of them, pay but a poor compliment to the intelli- gence of those whom they address. Wo must decline to accept as truo the implied statement that the people of this colony havo learned no- thing from the past, but aro pro pared to go over tho old ground again, and wasto their energies in work- ing out the little games of a few bold aBserters of the things which aro not, and never were. On the contrary, we havo somo considerable hope that tho people have found out how empty the whole business of public agitation is, and know that efficient government does not result from asseveration, but from honest, intelligent endeavour. Tho defeat of tho Republican party in America at tho elections which tool place in November last is as completo as that which the Liberals sustained at the last general election in England, and it will bo followed in duo time by the transfer of the supremo power to tho Democrats, who havo sustained a much longer banishment from offico than the Tories did in tho mother country. This sudden change in the aspoct of political affairs has been as great a surprise to the victors as to tho vanquished. Peoplo talked of a Democratic reaction in tho United States just as country gontle men and the loungors in the London clubs talked of a Conservativo reaction in England, but nobody on either sido the Atlantic believed it to bo so deep and so general as it has proved to be in both nations. Nor does the paral- lelism end hero. Liberals and Tories experienced great difficulty in defining tho preciso causes of Mr. Gladstone's unpopularity, and of the revulsion of feeling which had takon placo against him a'nd his party. Equally indetermi- nate aro the reasons which have operated to destroy the popularity of President Grant, and to bring the Eepublicana into disrepute with the majority of their countrymen. No doubt, the proposal of a "third term," and the cry of Caisarism which was raised and main- tained with so much pertinacity by the enemies of the Administration had some- thing to do with it. There is also let us hope, a sufficient amount of patriotism and of honesty outside of tho chief centres of corruption, to induce 4 feeling of resentment against that system of plunder and peculation which hag grown up since tho civil war, and has assumed proportions of portentous mag- nitude in the reconstructed states. Tho Kelloggs and the Moseses havo been implicated in transactions which aro without a parallel in modem times, and were only exceeded in rascality by the scandalous proceedings of the .loman proconsuls in conquered provinces. And as the " carpet baggers" who went south derived their authority from Washington, and seem to havo admitted some of the hangers on of the Admi- nistration to a share in the booty, as was discovered by the correspondence and chequebooks of Kkllogg, which fell into the hands of tho M'Euery fac- tion during its brief ascendancy in New Orleans, the Government of President Gkant has come in for some share of the odium excited. It is the curse of American politics that the President, who is the nominee of a party, becomes ex necessitate its creature. The men who have made him what he is, by creating and sustain- ing a complicated and costly organisa- tion, have not constructed and set this machinery in motion for tho assertion of an idea or the establishment of a prin- ciple. They look upon politics as a commercial speculation, and they em- bark in the business with a determi- nation to make it pay. The President, the Executive, and the majority in Con- gress are so many instruments to bo em- ployed in tho furtherance of their own corrupt and mercenary aims. Tho longer their tenure of power, the bolder do their tactics become, the more un- scrupulous their practices, and the »grander the scale upon which they conduct their robberies. Of this wo have an evidence in the fact that £'10,000,000 sterling has been added to the debt of the nine reconstructed states, and that a very largo proportion of this cnormouB sum has gono into tho pockets of the men who have been en- trusted by the Administration at Wash- ington with the manipulation of their finances. Then thoro were the gigantic embezzlements brought to light in con- nexion with the Credit Mobilier by tia Wilson Committco of the United States Senate ; the fraudulent issue of bogus bonds to tho extent of £1,200,000 by the Validating Act in South Carolina ; the wholesale peculation at the New York Customhouse ; and the voting of back pay to themselves by the members of Congress ; not to speak of other ex- posures of a similar character which have been made by writers of the highest credit in the North American Review. At length this state of things appears to have become intolerable, and something like a rlean Bweep promises to be made of the party which has indulged in or connived at these malpractices. But whether the politicians who will replace it will be any more virtuous than their predecessors remains to bo seen. Out of office and exempt from tempta- tion, it is astonishing how honest and high-priucipled men becomo - how sternly they denounce the selfishuess and depravity of their opponents in power, who are engaged in the " con " version of public trusts to very pri " vate uses," and what exemplary moral precepts they utter. But we all know what befell tho penitent devil when he was restored to convalescence, and as opportunity makes the thief, so do the spoils which fall into the lap of a victorious party prove highly dangerous to its purity and probity. In the meantime they will acquire power without-as it would appear at present-having committed themselves to any definite programme ; which is another point of rescmblanca to the English Tories. But, unlike theso, their assumption of power will not be immediate. President Gnurr has nearly two years of office before him, and during that time he may, as the New York Meraki suggests, rctriovo some of the mistakes which have brought discomfiture upon his Administration and defeat upon his party ; although wo think that it is rather his party which have involved him in disfa- vour, if not in disgrace. " Ilia career " as a political leader," observes that journal, "is closed, but there remains to " him a personal career, which ho can " vindicato and confirm by two years " of good government, reform, and de " votion to the highest and truest " principles of administration." During the same interval, the demo- cratic party will havo leisure to framo its policy, and to select its future leaders. They have a fine field of labour before them, if thoy know how to take advantage of it. "Behind " them and before them," as the Pall Mall Gazette pithily puts it, " the " field of politics is table rase. " the old party watchwordsaro fossilised; " the politicians who incurred discredit " during the war by want of loyalty to " the Union have given placo to younger " men ; the issues upon which tho " country will be divided do not cor " respond to the old boundary Hum " Never was there a moro splendid " political opportunity ; norcr a moro " disgraceful failure than that of a party " which should bo stupid enough to " throw it away." On Thursday last, Hickman T. KEAR- NEY, described as " a strong able-bodied " young man," was sent to gaol by the Prahran magistrates for 48 hours, he having been taken into custody for beg- ging at people's doors. It appears to us that there are many others besides Mr. Hickman T. Kearney who richly deserve to bo treated in the same way. Those whose business takes thom abroad at night, or who aro in tho habit of travers- ing the loss frequontod Btroots of Mci bourno during tho daytimo, must knoff that it is no uncommon thing to Do accosted by sonio ablo-bodiod loafer or other, who is always ovorwholmod wita Bhamo at having to prefer such a roquoat, but who novortholoss managos in » manner which shows that ho is an «"J hand at the gamo, to lot you know im sixpence would bo thankfully rocoivod. tor the ostensible purpoBO of getting « » 'or a nioco of bread, butta reality wita a viow to indulgence in the mild doug»» of a pot of " twos. " Those idlo, unbluB» 'ing vagabonds aro frequently m rob"" health-strong, muscular follows, as well able to do a hard day's work as any mon in the country, if only they woro a little loss godden. A weok's total abstinonco ?would put many of them into firflt-rato form, while all of the description wo aro alluding to might do somothing to earn an honoBt living after a brief soclusion. "When from all parts of tho country wo hear an outcry for labour, it is disgrace- ful to think that a numbor of ablo-bodiod men should be hanging about our streets, soliciting alms for tho purpose of indulg- ing in the lowest and coarsest vices. Thoy aro utterly undeserving of pity. and wo trust that not only will people abstain from ministoring to their depraved appotitos, and encouraging their lazy habits, but that thoy will also, as a mc-ttor of public duty, draw tho attention of tho police to any mon such as wo havo boon alluding to who may Bolicit thoir charity, either in tho streets or at thoir houso doors. Tltero aro plenty of cases of genuino distress to absorb all that most of us havo to givo away, and while wo roliovo these, wo should do what wo can to send tlio impostors to 3.eop company with Mr. IIiokman T. Kearney in Her Majesty's gaol. Wo loam from our advertising columns that a meeting is to bo hold on Monday next, in tho Assembly-hall Lecture-room, Collins-streot, in connexion with the sub- ject of a "HigherChristian Lifo." The promoters have not thought proper to append thoir .names to the announcement, J_ut thoy give a general invitation to *' those interested." If all who aro thus hidden wore to put in an appearance, wo apprehend that there would bo no build- ing in Melbourno capable of containing them, for all who aro not sunk in son-< mialism, or absorbed in the pursuit of .wealth, must bo desirous of loading this higher Ufe. It is true that in the case o£ many, the effort made to grasp tho ideal which haunts thom is weak and intermittent, but it is never wholly abandoned. No one capable of lifting his thoughts above the things of time and sense can go on year after yoar heap- ing up this world's goods or squandering them on unsatisfying pleasures. At times there must como a pause whon, the mind recognises the void which the world is unablo to fill, and sighs for that nobler existence of which so many fitfully dream, ¡but so few ever fully realiBo. There aro -thousands, then, wo may safely say, who moro or less ardently desire to load that higher Christian life which the gen- tlemen who havo summoned tho moot- ing for this evening aro intent upon systematically promoting. But valuable as combined effort and co-operation aro in many cases, it appeal's to us that in this particular instance thoy aro inap- propriate. The cultivation, of a higher Bfo is a purely personal matter, not to be carried on by meetings or discussions, but by strict personal discipline, and a "patient continuance in well-doing." 'The materials wherewith to work aro within everyone's roach and most peoplo'B knowledge Whoro the doairo exists the means of gratifying it are not far to seek. Assuming that tho founda- tion of the higher life is laid in an intimate communion between the bouI and its Maker, no ono need go far to find opportunities of manifesting "the out *' ward and visible signs of tho inward " and spiritual grace." On every hand opportunities daily present themselves for the exorcise of self-sacriQce and patient .devotion to tho good of others. "Tho " common round, the daily task," próvido us with admirable training if wo will but avail ourselves of it. We have but to take caro that our conduct is actuated by tho highest principles and distinguished hy the utmost generosity, the strictost rectitude, and tho nicest sense of honour, and thou, without any meetings or parado, wo at once begin to lead that nobler lifo to which poor travel-stained humanity has never wholly uoasod to aspire. The members of the Ministry, with the ex . caption of Mr. Service and Mr. Ramsay, ac cepted the invitation of the Commissioner of ?Customs to join him in a cruiso in the Vic- toria, and that vessel left tho bay early yester- day morning, and passed Queenscliff at 0 o'clock. They will be absent about a wcekt and will probably visit Tasmania. Our European telegram this morning con- tains some important news. Mr. Gladstone, it seems, has once more intimated his inten tionofretiringfrom the leadership of tha Libe- ral party, whilst retaining his seat in Parlia- ment, thus taking up a raoBt embarrassing position for the party. King Alfonso, we ar" informed, has been received with enthusiasm in Madrid. We believe that the name of the gentle- man choBen to Bitcceed Dr. Bromby in tho head mastership of tho Church of England 'Grammar-school is Ellis, and that ho isa first-class man of Oxford and a layman. Mr. Ellis íb at present the head of a grammar school in England. Dr. Bromby, we are informed, will take chargo of St. John's, '¡Toorak, during tho absence in England of the Rev. Waller Fellows. In reference to tho question of the site of Iho powder magiuino raised by Mr. Wooda in our isBuo of Saturday, wo may quote the opinion of Colonel Anderson, as given in the appendix to the leport of the board appointed in 1872, to inquiro into the condition of tho existing powder maga- zines. Colonel Anderson says :-" I beg to submit to tho board that I quita agreo with tho report arrived at; but that I am further of opinion-1. That, however improved, the Royal-park magazine should, from its locality, be only considered the ' ox líense magazine' for tho defences, and that it should not form tho main depot. 2. That though tho Footscray maga/.ine seems able to contain, with tho hulks, all commercial powder, that in the event of greater storage being wanted for explosivo material than safe, under accident, to tho neighbourhood, it Bhould bo tho 'expenso magazine of com- mercial requirements.' 3. That a Bite should ho at once selected on which to form tho Jtuture arsenal of tho country. Such sito to ho remo.ed from Budden attack, and to bo approachablo by rail or water. The ground to bo chosen with reference not only to magarines, but to tho wants of such an arsenal as may be required CO or 100 yoars hence. The ground to bo easily dofonsiblo, and to bo intersected by ridges and valleys to favour tho construction of detached maga- zines with strong walls and weak roofs. ?_, That, had tho Government ground at Sun limy, I should havo recommended that sito ; that tho beat I now know of is the You Tangs, on the Little River side, where, if I am correctly informed, tho Govommont reBervo embraces all requirements.- W. A. D. Andeiison, Commandant." .An ordinary meeting of tho City Council tv ill bo held this afternoon. Tho Legislativo Committee having considered a suggestion by tho Geelong Council, that tho Molbourno and Geelong councils should join in obtaining an extension of certain sections of tho Local Go verument Bill to both places, reports that tho committeo obtained tho application of tho clauses in question, so far as suitablo to Mel bourne, by amendments insorted in tho bill when it was before tho Uppor Houso. Tuo council will havo to consider tho advisability of authorising tho Market Committeo to accept the most eligible tender for a lease of the Meat-market for throe or five years, Tho Public Works Committee rocommonds that its obairman, and Councillors MT1 wraith and A. K. Smith, confor with tho other local bodies interested relativo to the planB of a bridge over the railway at WcBfc Mol houme, and report tho result. Tho same .committee informs tho council, relative to a lottor from tho Minister of Lands, asking ?whether tho council objocts to the proclama- tion of the Swan-street extension, and would, -undertake its formation, that the roadway is already proclaimed, but that the funds at 4he disposal of the council aro inadequate to the formation of streets with rated te menta upon tbem, and still more so to formation of the roadway in question. _ committee also recommends that as the c tract with the Melbourne Gas Company lighting the city will expire with tho cum year, tenders bo invited for tho same serv for three or five years, with the .ondit: that the contracting party light the lan with othor materials than gas whoro I mainB aro not yet laid Notice of motioi given by Alderman Smith-"That tho Hoa Committee ho instructed to inquiro and port with reBpcct to tho alleged pollution the 'iarra by sludge from Bluicing oporatu m progress in the upper part of the river Tho turret ship of war Cerberus which 1 been down at the Heads for some days 01 cruiso returned to her moorings on Sat day She left tho bay on Monday last and mamed at anchor in tho South Channel ur 11 n m on "\\\ ednesday, when sho got und weigh and Bomo target practico was indulj in off Point Nepean The Cerborus v steered hy the inside wheel, as would be t case in action and the shooting distanc 1200 yardB to 1700 yards, were judf whilo she was under way Tho tar/ was struck three times, and the bj which upheld it was struck once, 1 the other shots were failures The . throughout was greatly adverse to go shooting On Thursday there was a go deal of nflo practice, and 1 riday was devol to exorcise with rifles and pistols The C herns which was in command of Capta W. H Panter, steamed very well to t Heads and hack The departures of wool vessels last we have been to some extent made up for hy t arrival of the Ben Voirlich which has ma one of the fastest passages over accomplish by sailing veBsel between London and M bourne, and also by tho arrival of t liomanoff, anew iron clipper, and one of t handsomest ships which has ever como he under the Aberdeen white star flag T Wimmera waa also an arrival from Londo and last night the Loch Ness win has made a rapid passage from Livi pool, would reach the bay Tro outside ports there have been tho Ame can Bhip Regent, from Quebec wi lumber, and the American barques Norna from New York, and Stillman B Allen fro Boston (the latter a new vessel) with kei seno, lumber, and tho usual descriptions American merchandise Thoro have at arrived the Norwegian barque Heidi fro Sourabaya, and Sea Ripple from Mauntiu with sugar, and the barquea Mariner ar Ch.i8tianBhaven, from Hong Kong with o: rice spirits and oeneral carfco the Torn Straits mail steamer Somerset was ah amongst the arrivals last week and la night there was an American ahip the Joh Clark, from Geile coming up the toy The Government astronomer reports . 'The weather during the past week w: generally fine but cloudy and very chang able Dull with scattered ram on the lOtl fine and pleasant on the 11th dull an sultry on tho 12th very boisterous an squally on the Uth, clear and warm o the ldth, and fine but rather bon ferons on the 15th and ICth Tb highest temperature m tho shade, 82deg was recorded on the afternoon of the 14th the lowest, _G Odeg, on tho early morning c the same day The highest reading of th barometer, 29 871m , occurred on the evenw of the ICth, with bghtsouth westerly breezes the lowest, 29 S33in , on the morning of th 10th, with a light northerly wind, and th pressure throughout the week waa low, an towards the latter part very fluctuatinf Rain fell on the 10 th and 13 th to the amoun of 0 03in The total rainfall since the be ginning of the year is 0 .Oin Our Wellington correspondent writes - 'Several changes in the judicial bench c New Zealand are pending Mr Prendergaa (present Attorney General) succeeds Sir Gee Arney as Chief Justice but will reside a Wellington instead of Auckland Mr Justic Johnston who for the past 14 years has pre Bided over the Supreme Court in the Welling ton district, proceeds to Christchurch to tafo the place of Mr Juatice Gresson, who retire upon the allowance provided by statute Mr T B Gillies, a lawyer and politician of sorn standing and virtual leader of the Opposi tion since Mr Stafford voluntarily aban doned that position, has been made a judge and will probably fill the place of Mr Justici Richmond of Nelson who ia about to pro ceed to England on a twelvemonths leavo o absence. A report waa circulated rocently and on good authority it was said-that thi Attorney Generalship of the colony had beei offered to Mr Higinbotham of Victoria ant that he was not likely to accept Thi Southern Cross-which is a strong Govern ment supporter and ia commonly ero dited with being in the confidence ol Ministers has authoritatively contradicted the statement as utterly without foundation The appointment waa offered to Mr T W. L Travers a leading barrister but owing to a difference of opinion between himself and the Government as to tho position he would occupy towards Ministers ho declined the appointment after having previously sigm fied his intention to accept it, His main objection as gathered from the correspond ence on the matter which has been pub lmtied appears to hav o been that he would bo ' under the directions of tho Munster of Justice The Geelong Advahscr says -"Wa may state on undoubted authority that Mr Gaunt 1 as accepted the position of Chief Justice of I iji and that his appointment has been telegraphed to him A fino collection of songbirds comprising linnets finches Le , has come out in the ship Romanoff from London lhere is alsoa taino robin redbreast on board Tho great Buccess of the newly established Sunday manne excursions is on the increase \ eetcrday both the steamers engaged m this business took off huge crowds of passengers Hie Williams adopted a novol plan and car ned her living freight completely round Port Phillip Bay skirting the shore ob close as she could and calling for a few moments at ead port beginning at Schnappor Point and end mtatl'ortseaand Queenscliff Her passengers must have enjojed themselves immonsely, for the weather was delightful Those who travelled by the Golden Crown which steamed simply to Oucens.liff and Sononto had also a splendid time It is worth romark that the rifreahmentarrangements of tho lattor vessel need revision The ei_,ht oared out rigger lately built hy Mr I uller to the order of tho Melbourne Rowing Club was launched on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a considerable numb.r of persona interested in rowing 1 ho boat is clinker built and is intonded by tho club for ' hack work, aftor the noxt Melbourne annual regatta She is roomy, and staunchly put tofcothor, hut though thoro ib a good deal of heavy work m her, it was the general opinion of those who saw hor go that she showed very good pace Her dimensions aro COft long 2ft 4\m breadth amidBlups, with a depth of Hin Tho floor is flat and carried well past tho stroke s seat which ensuros comfort to tho rowers all of whom on Saturday expressed their thorough satisfaction with tho boat The now boat waa placed on the water with- out any ceremony and when clear of tho stago vi as paddled away at about 31 strokes per mmuto, increasing to 38 as the crow got to feel their Btrotchcrs Aftor going to tho top of the reach the boat was turned and rowed hack fast past tho sheds which afforded the spectators an opportunity of siting the eight men row at their utmost stretch The timo in tho boat, for a scratch eight, was exceptionally good, whilst tho nice swing with the eight onrs glan.ing over the water had a very pretty offeot. Tho crow was composed as follows - It M Loan (bow) L Dietrich (2), W Donovan (3), T ttooko (4) H Young (5), J 0 lyler (G), T II "ioung (7), R H Willan (stroke), and W. Williams (cox ) Tho boat ia on all bauds ronsidored a porfoot bucccss The members of tho Victorian Yaoht Club held their annual sailing match in Hobson s Bay on Saturday afternoon The weather waa extremely well fitted for the match there being a clear sky with a strong southerly breeze blowing of sufficient force to try the weatherly qualities of the compet ing boats Tho course was tho samo as that usually sailed starting from the Pharos moorings round the Gellibrand lightship thence to a boat moored a milo and a half to the south east Trom this point thoro was a long stretch to a boat moored off St Kilda pier thence round tho wreck buoy at Sandridge and back to the point of starting lho round waa completed m a little over three hours the Oueen being the first to pass tho commo- dore s boat, then followed the Mischief the Naiad and Kathleen The Zuleika and Trobe also Btarted The race was run undor a blind handicap by Mr Durham Nicholson who acted as commodore on tho occasion By the bandicai the Queen was found to be the winner by two minutes the Kathleen who received 22 minutes from the winner being second The Mischief was very un lucky throughout tho race owing to tho wind changing several times as she waa rounding the buoys sho nevertheless managed to got third place At the Cricket Challenge Cup Match on Saturday on tho South Melbourne grouud between the Melbourne and South Mel bourne clubs Mr John Blackharn the wicket keeper for South Melbourne mot with a severe accident which obliged lum to leave the field A hall from Allan struck him on the chest with great force and it is feared that the breastbone is injured Ho was conveyed to a private house at Lmerald hill and the doctors forbid his removal for at least three or four days The slightest movement causes him severe pam It must bo some time before ho will be able again to take his place in the field AU interested in cricket will regret to hear of this accident to this very promising young player Mr James Rowley chief warder at the Melbourne Gaol died very suddenly at his house in Cardigan street yesterday morning about half past 10 o clock. He went outside to smoke a pipe and suddenly dropped dead. Mr Rowley had been for many years con- nected with the gaol. He formerly belonged to the 80th Regiment and came to Sydney with it. He was one of a number chosen by the New South Wales Government to act as mounted constables m Victoria and in 1850 he was appointed turnkey in the Melbourne Gaol. Unlike many others he was not led away by the allurements of the gold fields and in 1852 he was rewarded for his con- stancy in remaining at his post by being ap- pointed head turnkey at a salary of 15s per diem and allowances. He remained in the same position until his death although recently he has been styled chief warder in- stead of senior turnkey and his salary was reduced from 15s per day to £200 per an- num. He was a man of little education or otherwise he would-from his experience and length of service-have doubtless attained a higher position. He had much application and taught himself to write and to play several pieces on the harmonium the latter a wonderful performance consider- ing that he could not read a note of music and learnt the pieces simply by laboriously watching and copying the movements of the fingers of his instructor. He possessed an admirable memory for names and faces and was in consequence of great service in the gaol department. On one occasion in 1853, he had to bring down from Castle- maine to Melbourne a dangerous ruffian and travelled the whole distance with his prisoner handcuffed to his own wrist. He was present at the infliction of nearly every capital punish- ment in the colon,y a portion of his duty being to superintend the executioner. The cause of death is supposed to have been fatty degeneration of the heart. He was 60 years of age and leaves a large family. The funeral will probably take place to-day Between 2 and 3 oclotk jostcrday a man was found ljmg insensible on tho footpath in Hayward lane off Lonsdale street east aud on removal to the Melbourne Hospital was found to bo dead It proved that ho was a man named Henry Loddy aged about 00 years and having no fixed residence Ho had no famil. or friends about lum hut was said to hav e a son living in Brisbane Queens- land James Smith aged 21 years residing in Lonsdale street was admitted to the Mel bourne Hosi ital on S iturday suffering from ii junes to the ribs Ho was jammed bo tween the couplings of railway carriages at St encer streetstalion vvl ereho wasemployed Ihe following caseB were admitted yesterday -A man named Piahor who was found in sei Bible m the street a woman unknown who had been drinking and jumped into the larra but was rescued William Hayes aged 20 years living at Sandridge having had his leg fractured by a kick from a horse A sudden death occurred yesterday morn ing on loard the American barque Norna lying at the town pier Sandnd_,e A man named George Dallman was employed as watchman on board the vessel and at half past 4 yeBtorday morning was spoken to by the cook The latter after talktng to him turned away and at tho samo moment Dallman fell down and expired The body waa removed to the Sandridge morgue whero an inqueBt will ho held Dallman had been an out patient of the Melbourne Hospital for two or three years past Ho leaves a widow and a little daughter Antonio George a Maltese seaman of tho mail steamer Pera lying at the Alfred Graving Dock jetty met his death by drown ing on Saturday afternoon lho deceased was an expert diver and a portion of the iron bulwarks of the steamer Barrabool which was alongside coaling the Pera having fallen overboard ho undertook to recover it With thisolject he dived down with a ropo to make fast the iron Having donoso aftor being down about two minutes he returned to the surface hut tho iron slipped out and ho went down again This time ho rose without having accomplished his object so ho went dow n a third time Ho was under for about four minutes wlion those abovo bo caruealarmed and pulled the rope up without tho iron They then commenced dragging and dragged up tho iron In half an hour thoy recovered the body of deceased 1 he left arm was bruised and covered with mud lho inference drawn from this was that tho deceased a arm must have boon jammed by the iron falling on it when ho was fastomng tho rope and hence his death When brought to the surface hfo was quite extinct An inquest waB held beforo the coroner Mr Maclean at the Dock Hotel yeBtorday aftor noon when a verdict to the effect that de ceased waB accidentally drowned was ro turned On Trida, night last a heap of shavings and othor lmflammablo materials lying closo to tho new Govornmont houso at tho eastern end wos set on fire by some person In all probability the fire would havo ox tended considerably among tho dry grass but for tho timely attention of tho Domain night watchman who with considerable difficulty extinguished tho llames beforo very much damage bad been dono to tho trees and Bhrubs planted in tho locality A strict watch will for tho futuro bo kept to prevont tho possible recurrence of such îucondiary work tho conBequonccs of which might bo serious On Saturday a fatal accidont happonod at 1 mcrald lull a. labourer named Robert 1 aikor about 45 yeais of ago living near Ballarat, was employed excavating for tho new gasometer of tho South Molbourno Gas Company at Emorald hill about 0 o clock in tho morning when a largo mass of earth fell on bim beforo he could got out of the way, though his mates warnod him His oliest vv as crushed and he died immediately The deceased 1 as loft a large family His body was conveyed to the Sandridge morgue, whoro au inqueBt will bo held A child named Rachel Wolfe agedß living in High street, Prahran, waa on Triday evening about 10 o'clock, admitted into the Alfred Hospital, suffering from extensive bumB over her body, causod by tho chil playing with the fire It may ho monbon, that this is the second or third child of ti same family that has been brought into th institution either sevoroly burnt or scaldei The poor little child was in great pain bl s now progressing favourably A man supposed to be an escaped lunatic was arrested by Constable Burke on ti: Sydney road in Brunswick on Saturda; Iheman a quiet locking person asked hu Bomo frivolous questions addressing hit each time as ' Your Royal Highness Trot the conversation which ensued the man w_ arrested as a lunatic and from the brands o the inside of his coat and vest there appeal to.be little doubt of his having escaped f roi somo asylum The vest has simply L arro A on the breast whilo the coat has in add lion M D underneath Ho tells the pohc ho has been living in tho wilderness fe 15 j ears on dead men a bones tül the ghost frightened him away and that an Irish gho. named 0 Terrall whom he had known in th old country had stolen his boots and give; him the old ones in exchange 1 he premises of Mr H M Smith cabinel maker of Brunswick wero hulganousl entered on lndoy night from tho roil A saddle and portions of harness wer stolen and the matter was roported to th police Suspicion fell ou a frenchpohsher re ccntly in Smiths employ named Joki M Gowan Acti.e measures to tr vee the sut posed offender were taken by ti e police wh found ti at a man answoring his descnptioi had called at the Quarry Hotel at an earl hour got a pint of beer and tried to sell 1 air of reins failing which ho left thom as i security stating he should bo going back t the country m the a. emng and would thai call for them 1 lie police thinking that poa sibly ho might call and tho roins being idon tided by Mr Smith as his property tnadi preparations for his \ ísit Truo to his pro mise the man returned in the evening lo re deem the runs and was at once arrested At the Lmerald hill Police Court on Satur day a j oung woman named Catherine riana gan who bad been in the emiloymont o Mis Simeon as servant was brought up oi remand on two charges of larceny in i dwelling She was accused of stealing ! valuable polonaiso from her mistress ant a quantity of jewellery valued at £30 thi property of Mr Chapman a resident in tin house Ab the police wero not j reparod tt go on with the case a remand was grantee until Wednesday next bail being allowed it two sureties of £-.0 each At a meeting of the magistrates for the borough of Sandridge held on Friday Messrs A Plummer J P and 1 Poolman J P were elected hcensing magistrates foi the ensuing year A meeting of the Tmerald lull magistrates was held on Siturday for the purpose ol electing two of their number to form the licensing bench for tho ensuing year in con nexion with Mr Mollison PM Mr lilla was in the chair The choica of the mooting fell upon the mayor (Mr Danks J P ) and Mr a V Toole J P A differenco haunt arisen between the shipwrights of Vi llliamstown and the firm of James Deane and Co tho proprietors of the Hobson s Bay lloating dock and steam tugs in consequence of the latter employing other than society mon s.c the men wero invited by the finn to meet them at the Williams tow n Mechanics Institute on S xturday even ing with a view to effecting an amicable settlement Not one of the shipwrights accepted the invitation howevor so no meeting waa held Tho Bendigo Independent of Saturday gives the following particulars of a singular at tempt at suicide - At half past 3 o clock yesterday morning ono of the night watch men of the hosp tal found aman in one of the coppers which aro used |for boiling bed steads and which at the time was full of water On disturbing the mau he found that he bad a wound in his throat about Gin in length ne called assistanco and Dr "inchcliff was speedily on tho spot and found that he was a man named Thomas Harvey a butcher who had beon a patient for somo considerable time in the hoBi ital and who had been dis charged last wee! at his own request How ho got into tho grounds nobody at pre sent knows On examination by daylight it w as found that he had ol tamed access to a small .aid at the back of tho closets and there had cut his throat with a butchers knife and also had inflicted a wound upon his abdomen probably w ith the same weapon Then ha had apparently clambered over a fence which enclosed the copper probably with the view of completing his suicidal act I y drowning himself Ho was at once remo\ ed to tho hospital and place 1 in the operating room and there examined the wound in the throat ia a very severe one opening into the pharynx and it is very doubtful whether the man can recover No I motive is assigned by him for his rash deed and ho refuses steadfastly to give any reason for his conduct He will not take food and says that ho wants to die lood has to bo administered to lum by means of a tube and absolute force has to he used m order to compel him to take any sustenance whatever M hen tho man was formerly in tho hospital he was suffering from chronic iritis and left tho hospital with tho idea of proceeding to Melbourne for chango of air 11 e caso is a most mysterious one and it is diflicult to account for tho presence of tho man in tho grounds of the hospital for he must have made a surreptitious outrance Our Sandhurst correspondent reports - About 7 o clock on Saturday morning an accident occurred at AViUiaras s claim Snob 8 Hill by which a man named John Tyrrell wa. instantaneously killed It appears that the deceased nnd his mateys were working a claim adjoining 'Y.illiamss but had to descend through it to get to thoir own workings Some of the men had been lowerod and several others wero about to go down having got into the cago and given the signal to bo lowered Almo it immediately afterwards the deceased was observ ed 1. ing down as if calling down the shaft and he was hailed to got out of the way but before ho could do so tho cage (which before had been at the top landing) descended killing him in an in slant It appears that the poor fellow was a little deaf and this will no doubt account for his not taking noti a of tho warning called out to him hy his mules The deceased was a single man and a very old resident of Lnglchawl A destructivo uro occurred at about _ o clock on lnday afternoon on Mr Paul Aiplegates farm Batesford near Goolong Mr Aiplegato and his men had noarly finished building a largo stack of oaton hav when the stock caught fire Tho men had larely time to get down from thotopwhou tho whole wob a mass of (lames Buckots of v atcr were thrown on but had no effect and m a short time tho stack was reduced to ashes It contained about CO tons of hay valued at £"00 Tho origin of tho fire is ui known but it is smpoBod somo of tho men must havo been smoking while working on the stack Ihm is tho Bocond loss of tlio kind Mr Applegate has sustained within a few years The Learmonth correspondent of the Balla- rat Star draws a rather unfavourable picture of land selecting in some of the country dis- tricts: - "Land selecting, after all, does not appear to have been such a good thing, as selectors from this district can testify. Once the land was granted they imagined all would go on smoothly and well, but they have been sadly disappointed, having had difficulties and annoyances to encounter which they never anticipated. From daily accounts re- ceived from the Richardson and other dis- tricts, matters are assuming a serious aspect, and provided some action is not promptly taken by the Government there will be shedding of blood. Assaults have already been made and threats are quite common. Selectors feel much aggrieved at the treatment they are receiving, not at the hands of the squatters, but of the Govern- ment in reserving to the pastoral tenant the water right, to the detriment, if not ultimate ruin, of thousands who have been induced to settle on the lands. Let the Government, the selectors say, compensate the squatters for their dams, and give an equal right to all to the water. Should the present drought continue it will be might against right for water man and beast must have, and it will most likely be obtained at any risk. The squatters' dams are watched and guarded, but what is one man's hand against so many. The Richardson River and some dams, I am informed, have been pol- luted in order to drive the population away; in fact the selectors are harassed on all sides. Two I know myself, who have property in Learmonth, have had to bring their cattle down again for want of water, and these are not isolated cases. On the other hand there are a certain class of selectors who, because they happen to possess a half or a whole section of land, place them- selves on a par with the squatters, and irritate them by dogging their sheep, and in other offensive ways. The better class do not blame the squatters going upon the axiom that self preservation is the first law of nature. Neither have they anything to object against the Land Act but its malad- ministration. Government officialism in certain lands offices in the up country dis- tricts is carried on in an overbearing and unsatisfactory manner that is almost incred- ible. Letters and telegrams remain un- answered, and personal applications are treated with the like indifference. Friends of my own have incurred an unnecessary ex- penditure of something like 5s. per acre, and up to date have not received the slightest satisfaction. Great reforms are said to have been made in the Lands office in Melbourne, and now that the rush for land for the time has ceased, Mr. Casey might call for reports on applications unattended to and neglected, now lying by hundreds in the country offices." At the lost matriculation examination five young ladies were sent up from the Alex andra College Hamilton of which Mrs Dixie is principal Tour of the number passed both the matriculation and civil oervice examinations and tho fifth passed the civil service examination only The New Zealand Herald publishes a tele gram from Wellington which states that a writ has been issued from the Supreme Court Wellington addressed to tho bon the Colonial Treasurer prohibiting bim from paying to Ha. don Hezekiah Hall aud Pull Simeon Torbes contractors of the San Tran ciBco mail service any money duo to them until an action now pending in the court hero against them at the suit of tho Rov John Laven Pormody of Chiistchurch is satis fied We have I aunceston papers to tho 15th. inst The new Governor Mr T A. Weld made his public entry into Hobart Town last Wednesday After ho had been sworn in t io corporation presented an address His Txcellency said m tho course of lils reply - It will bo my earnest endeavour to provo m.Belf worthy of ti o confidence you so generously come forward to offer to me Such oxpenenco as I havo gamed durmi, 30 yeara of colonial Ufe-aa a worl ing settler in tho bush-as a politician-as a Governor-will be devoted to your service as a coi Btitutional representative of a consti tutionnl sovereign and I heartily pray that so far as in mo lies I may bo enabled to contribute to your welfare and that strengthening those ties of affection that bind you to the parent country I may carry with mo hence the same kind feeling that I have experienced on quitting the colony over which I have just ceased to rule and I am further encouraged to hopo that the next few years may with God s blessing leave you a progressing people in a prosperous coun try Ihe reception was hearty and en thuBiastic Charles John Garforth aha-i Spof forth assistant gaoler and clerkatthelemalo House of Con ection Cascades has been son tenced to two .ears imprisonment for appro printing £10 the _ ropertyof the Government On the Uth inst a melancholy boat acci cident hap] ened on the Tamar Mr Kenneth Smith (son of Captain Smith of Georgetown) his siBter and Annie Cordell were in a Bailing boat which ca. sized in a squall at 1 oint Lil ngham and all wero drowned Tho body of Alias Smith was found floating in tho water Ihe other two bodies havo not been recovered Ihe Ihcatre Rojal was very woll attondod _n all parts of the house on Saturday night lho i antomimo was received with the usual demonstrations of satisf iction The clever entertainment of the Takir of Oolu at St George s Hall continues to prove very attractive and on Saturday ovening tho 1 all was well filled After tho conclusion of the performance Dr Sylvester gave a private rehearsal of a new and startling illusion which will be exhibited this evening for the first time hero in public Tho mysterious performance is entitled AnoetoB and is designed to lllustrato a legend of the IlurU Mountains which is concisely stated by tho lukir before ho 1 roceeds to ti e i erfornnnco Somo centuries ago a Grand Duke lived m Germany whoso tjronnical bearing rendered lum hatoful to his eui jeets and a conspiracy against his life was entere 1 into Tho plot was discovered and one of the leading conspirators arrested but he resolutely refused to discloso tho names of those who had joined with him> and he was beheaded without tho Beeret be coming known. It carno howovor to the knowledge of tho duke that an alchomist of renown residing in his dominions had boasted that ho could hy the power of his magic spells causo the dead man to reveal the secret and he charged him on pain of laniBhment and confise ition of his proporty if ho failed instantlj to put his boasted pow ers to the teat Hero it ia that the sceuo opens 11 e execution is just over and the corpso of tho conspirator ib Boen on tho ground amidat tho straw whilst abovo tho head dissevered from the body lies on a tray which bv\ a. B gently to and fro Ontlioonesido stands tho masked oxecutionor leaning on ti o two edged sword and on tho other tho alchemist about to exeiciso his magic force lbe power of the alchemist is soon made apparent The head Bhon s signs of life and turns unensily the ejes open and tho lus move whilst the body is disturbed by con vulsive twitchugs Commanded to disclose the secret tho dead man obeys and a deop sepulchral voico issues from tho mouth of tho dissevered head Having fulfilled his pro mise the alchen ist i ornnts tho v ictim to re turn to death and as tho ho id falls back lifeless angels aro seen bending in pity over the fallen corise Tho illusion is vory cleverly managed and hythe b1 llfal uso of the limelight the hoad is inado to exhibit a very ghaBtly api earance 1 wo performances of Kings circus at tho lnnccBB's theatre v ero given on Saturday one m the afternoon and tho other in the ovening Both wero woll attondod and tho entertainment ttipeared to give groat satis faction 1 ho balancing feats of the Japaneso troupo aro clever 1 ho Peoi lo a Concert at tho Temporáneo 1 all Russell street was again attondod by a full audieiKO on Saturday evening lho programme w as one of the host that has yet been given at theso popular concorts Mr Thomas Campbell sang tho descriptivo Boona lho Desert and received an onthusiaatic encore Mrs ] mpson was also warmly on cored for her rondormg of the Merry Zíngara. Mr Mordaunt was loudly ap plauded and encored for his fine tonor Bong The chair was occupied by Captan. Adams Miss Dwight prcsidod at tho piano The next mooting of tho Victorian Catholic Total AbBtinonco Socioty will tako placo to morrow (Tuesday) evening at St Patrick s ball instead of this evening A meeting of tho members of the Richmond Bowling Club was hold at tho Vint notel Bridg. road on Saturday to dovise means for rawing a sum of money to ma io thoir now green in Yarra park Thoir pr.sont sito was piiTuhosod nbont six yearB ago and has increased considerably in value A rosolu tion was carried authorising tho trustees to borrow tho Bum of £300 to make the new preen as Boon as the Season admito ot opora lions being commenced. 