ODDS AND ENDS. Dower Orders.— Freo admissions to the pit; : —Hornet ; Wiok-ed.— When is a, woman's love like a, farthing riish-light ?— When it's i(s)ljghtea. 'PiAusiBLBir-It is supposed that -the man who ' leitine nouse was not apjo ipiaxo it wnn.mm; If , you are cursed with an insatiablq appoti tri, buy a plaid vest, so that you can always Keep a1 check mi your stbmaob. ; ; !A ODERavriAri'at Paris, Ky., Btpped his prayer . to lead an unruly man out by the ear, and went on: " As I was saying, 0 Lord."— Independent. ' A paper publishedat Pulaski, New York, a few days since, contained thefollowing advertisement : —" I forbid'Eny One Marying Henry Smith for I Was Engaged, to him March the 11 187-1 for. if he gits auaxxied he WiH liaf to Suffer the Penalty lor the law. I remain aa Cvor his intended wife"' Sopha Baker." ; , , A precocious box was asked which- was the greater.ovilof tho two, hurting anothor's feelings orhis fltogers.: Bo said tho former. '"Right, my dear child/' Baid the gratified quertionfcr, ' ' ari'd why is ft worse 'to. hurt' tho feelings ?" ."Becauseftbu can't tie, a "iag iqiind them4 fex- claimodifie dear, child. . " " ; Stay !" he eaid, hiB right arm around jier waist, her facex turned .expectantly to.'. hpn, I "shall it bo the WsSopatkctic, "sympathetic, ' graphic, paragraphic, oriental, horizontal J . intellectual, paroxysmal, quick and -dismal, slow and unctuous, long and tedious, -devotional,1 ori what?" She' 'saia. perhaps that would bo the 'betterwjiiy.:! '."'/V ! : If one' half of the! girls oniy inew the! rire-'! vious life of the (men they, marry, tbo. list of : us ! old' maids' Would !bo wonderfully "increased," was I the remark of n prudish spinstor-to her neighbor, \ whoy being equal to tho qcoaripnj»reapoiidccl thus ! "But if the men .knew what /tliolr future lives/ 'were to !be, wouldn't: it increase the .list of old maids still further?'' . . / . '; ; . A Wesxbrr editor, thinking to stock his de- I pleted larder, advertised, ' ' 'Poriltry taken in 4x- chango for- advertising." The villanous compo- sitor, seeing his opportunity to -pay ,up<a lopg- sfanding' grudgo,' sot if. rip :— "Poetry takeb, i &c.;, anu since that lime tho office-boy has bficn clearing fifty cents a day from the wasto-paper man. - - M. D. Goxw ay, tolls ot a lady, in one 'of the manufacturing towns of . Great Britain who recently had her attention attracted to the window of a milliner's Bhop by a' beautif at f and very ex pensive French- bonnet, and ' she inquired tho price ; she was told it was sold. "Oh, I bad no idea of buying such' ari/xpensivo bonnet," said tho lady ; upon which the milliner said, It is a joint-stock bonnet— that- is, it .belongs to three ' factory girls, who wear it by turns on Sunday." . -' Old Sayixo<i Done-up Like New.— It required a surgical operation tp get ,a Bcotch! joke into/a.'/ man's head. It isa good wind that, blows nobody' illness. Say nothing but "Good I" of the'diiaTf.! Take 'care of- the; pehiiiesnd the pounds will, take care of the wife's feoori/ielations/ Mrly to bed anil early to liso rinakes Jack a dull boy,. ; "A! man is known by tho . Company, ho promotes. ' Evil communications should not bo written on. post-cards; " Children Bhould' be seen 'to, rind riot' herded. : From nothing there is nothing t<) be ' made." When Greek meets Greek thon.comqs. tho talk of weather . /,- " '. A UTitiTARiATi GnoST.— A ghost iri ' North i Carolina has ,gone mt'o" business, . He. has no idea' of wandering about and/scaring people wjth- : out being paid for his trouble;- So it is wont to' halt in front of tbo negroes' cabins, and to refuse to move on until ho receives half a dollar ; and , in this way he picks rip £5 or £6 every .night;! Now this is a sensible ghost. He prefers to do 'business upon'Lis own riiook," anil doesnlt //mean ' to throw . away his money upon mediums.! Spiritualism has given us a very1 anthropo- .tnorphic idea of tho" next; world, but wc rqally don't like to ibink that oiir 'paper money! ia cui;- rcnt there. — rfw York Tribune. " ' True to toe'criaifadter;— ' n I say, girls," said a littlo blue-leycd; flaxoahaftri(itil>cfy/on Second-' street yesterday, let me take your,. cqndy land weTl aUpby.cni.cken.,'.- Ajs it ,nioo.2-!l inquired half a dozen six-year olds in chorus. "Nice"? you betit is. Let me showyou, ...Now, fif lay the candy' down here on theritep, arid yaii J'go down there and, comie rip when.you 'hear, mo call 1 like a rooster." , Tho girls retreat?d and gathered ; iaa group about fifteen feet off, .while the ! boy1 got on his knees, with his . head over the cabdy, and began to call and strut and flap bis q.rms" like a rooster's wings. ; Clack,' clack, rat/ tat',- rap, cllfck," arid all,, the girls carao xupain? rip and befit to pick' up thfi' candy, when, the liltle' fellov/ apened his mouth, and took it.in.'ati biie gulp. :vb, you mean boy, ' they -oried," 'f jbif have taken all our candy." /' That's played rooster,", said" tho boy ; /' rposteEiatift'fl calls tha_hens ujp when ho firids a grain of bohfi and then pick's it up himself.""" j That Hired Grari.— When she camo to work for the family on CongresS'Btreet the lady of tho house sat down and told her that agents, < book- -pedlars,- - batmen; pioture-sellerw, -' ash;bqyers, rag-men, and" all that clas3 " of people must be met at the front floor and coldly fepulsedT arid Sarah said she'd repulse 'em if- she had to break every broomstick in Detroit. And sbo did. j She threw the'dpor open wide, bluffed rigbt up to 'em, : and when she got through talking the chefikicst agent was only too glad to leave, ;-It get so after a while that podlara marked that house, and tho door-bell never rang except for company!, ' The other day-arithe lady of tbo honso was !«njoying a ftau. and'Sarah was wirriiif nfT tfao s-nnnnai bell raug. -She hastened! to tho dcor, expecting to see a lady, but her eyes chcounte'red" a slim man, dressed in black, and wearing a white peck- tie, He was the new minister, and he was going around to get acquainted with the members of his flock, but Sarah wasn't; expected to know this. "All— um— is Mrs.— ah -T'" "Git!" exclaimed Sarah, pointing to tho gate! ' V Beg pardon, but I'd like to gee — sco— — ! " Meander I" she shouted, looking around for a weapon ; " Wo don't want any flour-sifters hero !" "You are mistaken, " ha repliec, smiling blandly ; , '.' I called to — — " f.' Dc n't want anything to keep moths away— fly I" she exclaimed, getting red m the face. " Is the lady in?", he inquired, trying to took overSarahw head. "Yes;; tho lady's in, and I'm. in, and you're out !" she snapped, "and now I don't want to stand hero talking to a fly-trap agent any longer.! Come.-lift your boots I" "I am net an agent," he said, trying to emtio, " I am the new _ — " " Yes, I know you : you are the new. man with a patent flat-iron, but we don't Want any, . and you'd better go before 1 call the dog !" "Will you givo tbo; lady my. card and say that I called 2" " No, I won't ; we're bored to death with cards and handbills and circulars. Como, I can't stand here all day." "Didn't you know that I wa3 a minister 2" ho asked, as he backed off; "No, nor I don't know it now; you look like tho man who sold tho woman next door a dollar ,chroiuo for eighteen shillings 1" . " But hero is my card," "I don't care for cards, I tell you 1 If you leave that gate open I'll heave ar flower-pot at you 1" "1. will call again," he said as he went through tho gate, 'J It won't do . ...... . /i any good I" Bho" shouted after him ; "we flon'l want no prepared food .: for infants— no pianoi music — no stuffed birds I I know tho policeman on this beat, and if you come around here againy he'll soon find ont whether you aro a confidenoq man or a vagrant 1" . And she took unusual cava to lock the door.— Detroit 'Fi'ce Press, 