SECOND DAY. The annual sessions of this body were continued on Wednesday, April 21. After a ministers' prayer meeting iu the HindmarshsquareChurch Lecture Ball a business gathering was heid at 11 a.m. The Rev. J. C. McMichael, the Chair mac, presided, and a large number of ministers and delegates attended. THE CHAIBMAN'S ADDRESS. The Rev. H. CHEETHAM: moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the very manly and noble address he delivered on the previous evening. The Hon. R. A. TARLTON, M.L.C., in seconding, said that such papers, if more frequent, wculd tend greatly to strengthen and fortify the Church. The Rev. J. JEFFERIS, LL.B., without disparagement of 'previous Chairmen, said he had nevefr listened to an address of the kind with greater pleasure. (Hear,hear.) Notthatheagreed with! all the views propounded, for he was more at one with some of the authors quoted, but he admired very greatly their breadth and honesty. The .paper set forth in the clearest and most powerful manner views antagonistic to the Chairmanfs convictions, and then hiB own views were set fprth with thtt modesty and diffidence which belonged to every real searcher after truth. His (Mr.j Jefferis's) pursuit of science, and especially of microscopic investigation, had led him to the belief that while Ged was all wise, and in manv of the aspects of His physical government all loviijp, and while Be was found working everywhere it was always as God, in some aspects of His heing to us utteriy unknown; and when he saw' he could not dir cover the true meaning hidden in a single blade of grass or grain of tland he turned to questions of theology relating to the invisible realm of the King, and stud to himself quietly and modestly, "I don't expect to master these things, and will leave them among the many points undecided and undetermined until I get into the.region where the light is brighter and the breadth of my own intelligence will become brcafler." Referring to some controversial points, he remarked that upon the theory of endless punishment he was not in a position to decide and declare, and he simply used the language of Scripture with all humility, and left it to the consciences of his congregation to gather from his teaching what they could. The Rev. M. M. DICK supported, agreeing as to the honesty and broadness of the address. The: faith of many Church meirbers was, he remarked, largely shaken by the imprudent ventilation of half-formed views, of which some who jwere considered very great authorities in England had bees, he feared, guilty. The motion was carried, and the Chairman returned thanks. NEW MEMBERS. The following names were added to the roll of the personal members :—The Revs. A. Buchanan, Green's Plains; R. N. Morris, B.A., Angaston; and J. Barber, Happy Valley. ? ROLL OF DELEGATES. The liFt of delegates was read as follows :— Stow Church—Messrs. R Stuckey, J. Tasker, W. Berry, S. J. Stuckey, A. Adamson, M. Goocle, T. U. Scrutton. D. Robin, C. Fisher, J. Knox, and EL Deaa. North Adelaide—Messrs. J. Porter, R. Searle, J. Gfose, J. Tasker, jun., A. S. Devenish, J. Greeb, J. F. Con>grave,A. Dowie, J. Masters, and W. Bill. Hindmarsh-square—Rev. F. W- Cox, Messrs. Wi D. Allott, C. SmedieyjJ. A. Chirtier, •). M. Dowie, W. Bonnett, S. Whitmore, and W. C. v Buik. Gawler—Rev. J. C. McMichael, Messrs. C. Cox, J. Davies, and J. Finch. Eindmarsh—Rev. J. McEwin, Messrs. J. E. Mitton, G. BurneU, S. Smith, J. Shearing, and J. Mitton. Glenelg—Hons. W. Paikin, R. A- Tarlton, Messrs. J. Counsell, J. H. Russell, J. W.\Davis,and J.Storrie. \ Clayton—Rev. T. Hope, Messrs. E. T. Smith, G. Wood, and G. Mi ler. I Kapunda—Rev. W. Hopkins, Messrs',. W. Oldham, D. Will, and R. Cameron. Maolaren Vale—Messrs. J. Howie, J. Brown, and M. Bulges?. I Wallaroo—Rev. T. Lloyd. Kadina—Rev. W. Wilson. Milang—Rev. H. Cheetham. Alma—Rev. M. M. Dick, Messrs. T. Freebairn and Aitcbisoc. Green's PlainB—Rev. A. Buchanan. Sali6bur\—Bev. J. R. Ferguson. Happy Valley—Rev. J. Barber and Mr. L. G. Klose. Shipley—Mr. A. Russell. Port Adelaide—Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, T. Michelmore, and J. Ballantyne. Encoonter Bay and Bald Hills—Bev. C. Hodge and Mr. L. Y. Tite. Angaston—Rev. R. N. Morris, Messrs. E. Keynes and E. Salter. Border Town—Mr. D. Milne. REPORTS, ETC. The various statements made on the previous evening were adopted with additions and amendments. The proposed constitution of the Aged Ministers Provident Fund was considered and amended. UNION COLLEGE. The Bev. J. JEFFERIS, while the report on this institution was under consideration, said he would as one of the tutors like to enlist tbe increased sympathies of the Churches generally in the College. A quiet steady work was being done among the young men, but not a third of what might be done with the same expenditure. Of his class of nine members seveu were out of his own Church, and although that was very satisfactory to him as a pastor, yet it was not so when he considered his position as a tutor of the College. Tbey ought to have at least three times the present number of students. The Bev. J. R. FERGUSON remarked that the College was instituted for the primary purpose of preparing young men for the ministry, and while they were all glad that the College had been so successful, and was affording such high class and sound education for the superior young men of their Churches, still at the same time they were in great want of young men for the ministry, and it must be borne in mind that the College was for this purpose. It was gratifying that young men were availing themselves in such numbers of the superior education afforded; but could not the efforts of the Council be more concentrated upon encouraging young men to enter the College with a view to the Church? Too strong expressions could not be used on this pointy for the want of preachers was the great need of the Churches, and he hoped the College would be kept as a seminary for theological students. The Rev. J. JEFFERIS—The College was simply a theological institution, and bad been EO since the University was established. There was a tutorship for Biblical and Church history, another for the exegisesof the Greek Testament, and a third for theology proper. At present there were no definite theological students in tbe classes, which contained 23 or 24 students. This was a fair number, but it should be much larger. They could not, however, educate ministerial students until they had funds for supporting them, and the cost would be from £80 to £100 for each person. Now the whole cost of tutorship was £60 a year, paid to each master—a sum merely intended by the Council as an honorarium and nos as payment. He could not endorse any application for entrance into the College with the definite objost of joining the ministry by any young man engaged in butiness during the daytime. No ministerial training could be considered at all adequate to the requirements of the Churches apd the present age unless three or four years were given solely to study. (Question.) Well, he thought so. They could not expect that young men who were engaged ten or twelve hours a day in business, and bad consequently very little leisure time, could be adequatelyeducated for the ministry. He deprecated it— (Hear, hear)—still, local preachers might receive great advantag« from the clifses. Mr. R. SEAULE said tUe iuaiequate salaries offered to ministers was at the root of the whole matter. (Bear, hear.) Many of the young m&n; engaged in business were well qualified to become ministers, but the remuneration was so exceedingly small that they preferred the middle course, and devoted what s» ara time they had to the cause of the Master. The Rev. F. W. Cox believed many young „men in mercantile circles would prove very interesting and useful as occasional preachers, but he did not know how it would do if they devoted themselves to continual work as they were. He had long wished that some of these could be induced to enter the ministry, for they were to ascertain extent tried men. (Huar, hear.) The Rev. W. HOPKINS remarked that years would elapse before the College producad any ministers. What, he asked, were the sons of wealthy parents doing? Were they on reaching 15 or 16 te be merely sent into offices, aud were they to be content, through filling respectable situations, to become gigantic money - bags without doing more? The Bev. J. JEIFERIS said they were fulfilling to a considerable degree the ends at first proposed, viz.—First, to educate such ministerial students as they might get; and, secondly, to educate such ministerial workers and co-workers connected with the Churches as they would be sure to obtain. The last aim was being fulfilled to a great extent, and he hoped the other would also. The Rev. W. HOPKINS thought it indispensable that the Churches should take up the matter, and provide a fund for young men, so that they might have sustenance while devoting themselves to the Christian work. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. MASTERS did not think they need feel dispirited at the way in which the College was carried on; still it would be better if they had lunds for the support of talented young men. The Rev. T. HOPE said the question had often been brought forward, and yet nothing had been done, and nothing could be effected until the Chunbes took action. r l he CHAIRMAN—Would you make a proposition by-ana-by, Mr. Hopkins ? (Hear, hear.) An adjournment was then made for luncheon. DIPCTATION FliOM THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. 'i'be Bev. J. M. DAY, on being invited to speak, saic. the Rev. J. L. Parsons and another had been a} pointed to accompany him, but they were unavoidably absent, ana he added that be had attended as representing the Baptist Association to express the brotherly sympathy of the members of that body with the Indepandents. It might perhaps be thought that these friendly greetings were likely to come to be only a matter of form, but his own impression was tl-at it was exceedingly good that they had started tbe practice of sending messages of fraternal sympathy from one denomination to the other, and he hoped the custom would continue, and that ultimately, perhaps, they would merge into one large ecclesiastical body. (Hear, hear.) But whether they did that or not, he was persuaded that they should continue to think of each other as members of one Christian family, and they did not claim brotherhood merely by virtue of any resolution they might pass, but rather by virtue of their union with one common Saviour. It was true, as their Bible and their own experience taught, that when one member suffered all suffered, and therefore, as a member in the Christian communion of this colony, he could say that the CoDgregationalists felt unfeigned joy in whatever success at the movements of the Baptists, and tbey also deeply sympathized with their brethren in any disappointment that arose at any time in their work. He was glad they did not simply say that a friendly feeling existed between the two denominations, but there were directions in which they could prove thiB by working together. He was pleased at the success of their magazine. Denominational it used to be, but that distinction had now ceased, and be hoped the paper would ultimately grow into the representative magazine of all the Churches of the oolony.. In oonnection with Union College, he was very glad to note that the Independents, Presbyterians, acd Baptists had worked together, and he hoped and believed united effort would oontinue. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN read a letter from the Rev. Mr.. Parsons, in which he said, after apologizing _ for his absence :—" Our Association desires to great your Union on the broad platform of our common Christianity, and earnestly prays that to-night and throughout your annual gatherings you may realize the richest spiritual blessing-*, and the resence of the Lori Jesus, whose we all are. f or once, at least, we would fain interchange Christian courtesies, without either mentioning or hearing of any difference between us. We are not divided from you, but are with you in all the grand essentials of the Gospel. We wish to lock only upon the substantial unity that binds us together. The world isi>road enough for the faithful, conscientious testimony and toil^ of all the loyal disciples of the Christ. We~T2ay P?t only tolerate but honour each other. We ifiayiie sure, too, that those whose eyes arc single^ and whose hearts are pure are bearing their portion of our Lord's travail, and are equipped and sent forth by Him to fulfil His joy and accomplish His purposes. We have our witness to bear to the vitality, to the spirituality, and to the plainness of the Christian faith. Its strength is not spent, for its mission is not yet accomplished. Its true essence is the revelation of God as a Spirit, who to be acceptably worshipped must be worshipped in spirit and in truth, who quickens believers by tbe Holy Ghost, aud who makes them partakers of the Divine nature through faith in the Redeeming Saviour. Its meaning is level with and clear to the understandings of the common people. Its ministers are preachers to proclaim the evangel of love, and pastors to feed and care for the flock—not priests to offer sacrifices to God or mediate for men. Sicerdotalis-m and Sacramentalism are foreign to its Divine simplicity, and no man and no class of men may of right interpose between the soul and the living God. There is one mediator, the man Christ Jesus. Through dark and stormy epochs the Independents have bore firm and faithful witness to these foundation verities, and they in whose name I address you pray that in this era of ferment aud unsettlement your testimony may be as firm and forcible as in the past. We pray also that your Churches and all the Churches in this land may be revived and multiplied exceedingly." ( applause.) The CHAIRMAN then expressed the pleasure felt at Mr. Day's presence, and said he believed the sympathies of the two denominations were one and the union was hearty, and be desired especially to feel thankful and gratified that Mr. Day appeared before them in a new character He had now, he (theChairman) was happy to say, been induced to accept the tutorship of the Greek Testament Class in Union College. (Hear, hear.) This was a step in the right direction. The working of the institution had been very satisfactory, and he believed that the united action on the part of the Baptists, Indepen- dents, and Presbyterians was as hearty and genuine as it could possibly be. He trusted Mr. Day's hopes would be realized, and respecting the differences between the denominations thought they were so trifling as not to be worth mentioning. The Union accepted and cordially returned the Delegate's assurances, and would rejoice with the Baptists in their joys and sympathize with them in their difficulties. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Day then withdrew. THE REV. C. MANTHORPE. In view of the approaching departure of Mr. Manthorpe for the old country the following motion was agreed to on the proposition of the Kev. W. Wilson of Kadina, seconded by Mr. W. C. Buik :—" That this meeting, having heard with deep regret the necessity of the Rev. C. Manthorpe's resting for a season from ministerial labours, in consequence of the infirm state of his health, for the recruitiBg of which he is about to visit England, do hereby express its cordial sympathy with Mr. Manthorpe, his family, and the people of his charge in these trying circumstances, and express its earnest prayer and hope that he will soon return amongst us with renewed health and strength and in the full enjoyment of all needful providential aud gracious blessing." Mr. Manthorpe was unavoidably absent, but the Hon. R. A. Tarlton replied on his behalf. CHAIRMAN. The Rev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, was elected Chairman for 1876-7. OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were appointed to act for the ensuing year:—Corresponding Secretary, Bev. F. W. Cox; Finance Secretary, Mr. W. U. Buik; Murate Secretary, Mr. R. Searle; Treasurer, Hon. A. Hay; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Anderson and D. Robin; Committee, hevs. H. Cheetham, J. Jefferis, J. R. Ferguson, J. McEwin, A, Scales, C. B. Symes, and T. Bope; also Messrs. A. Adaisson, J. A. Chartier, H. Dean, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, J. Grosse, W. Newbould, E. Phillips, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer, S. Whitmore, C. Smedley, W. H. Phillips, G P. Doolette, J. Pickering, jun., and J. Tasker, jun. COUNCIL OF REFERENCE. The Council was elected as annexed:—Revs. J. C. McMichael, F. W. Cox, J. Jefferis, and J. R, Ferguson; Hon. A. Hay, and Messrs. C. Smedley, W. C. Buik, and J. Storrie. DELEGATES TO UNION COLLEGE. Delegates were appointed as under:—Revs. J. Jefferis, C. B. Symes, F. W. Cox, Hon. A. Hay, also Messrs. C. Smedley and R. Searle. DEPUTATION TO OTHER RELIGIOUS BODIES. The Revs. T. Hope and J. McEwin were named delegates to represent the Union at the other relieious organizations. MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND. Mr. D. Robin was elected Secretary and the Hon. B. A. Tarlton Treasurer of this fund. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS. It was resolved that the Committee be empowered to arrange for the place at which to hold the half- yearly meetings'. The Council then adjourned till next day at 2 p.m., in consequence of the departure of the English mail. A luncheon, provided by Mr. Lindrum in White's Rooms, was attended by about 60 persons. At the close Mr. Jefferis proposed and Mr. Howie seconded a cordial vote of thankB to Mr. Ferguson, the Chairman of the Union for the past year. A subscription made in the hall to aid an aged and infirm minister realized £31, and a collection in the evening was devoted to the same object. UNITED COMMUNION. In tbe evening a Communion Service was held at the Hindmarsh-square Church, the Rev. F. W. Cox, the pastor, presiding. There was a large attendance, tbe body of the building being full. The devotional exercises were conducted by the Rev. Messrs. Morris and Jefferis. Earnest addresses were delivered by the Revs, U. McK. Dick and W. Hopkins, and the whole proceedings were of a very impressive character. §V NEW DRAPERY and READY-MADECLOTHING for AUTUMN and WINTER—T. LONERG AN will show, on March 18, an entirely New Stock of Drapery and Clothing unexceptionably Good Value. Special Lines, t/f A large Stock of superior WinoeyB, being a portion of a Bankrupt's Stock In England. |r A large Stock of Blankets, Flannels, Rugs, Sheetings, and Calicoes, purchased under similar circumstances, fr A large Stook of Ready-made Clothing, Gent's Hats (newest shapes), Shirts, Scarfs, Ties, &o.;, very cheap, fwr A large Stock of Newest Materials m Dresses, Serges, Shawls, Water, proofs, Blue Cloths, Corsets, Clouds, &c.; A large Stock of Geelong and West of England Tweeds. I have a first-class Tailor on the Premises, who guarantees a fit at a Moderate Price. Note Address—T. LONKBGAN, Draper and Clothier, 62, Hindley-street (next Solomon and Salom's), and Brigntoa-terraoe, Glenelg. Light Profits, Quiok Returns for 0<&. 79thscv Hum. A. M. Siekford If Sons, IS, Eindleg-gtreet, Adelaide. Gentlemen—It is not often I take up my pen to write a Testimonial for a Medicine, but I consider k my duty to yourselves and the pnblic at large to inform you of the enormous value Bickford's Cough Elixir is in curing Coughs and Colds. For years I have suffered at times with a very severe cough, and have tried numerous preparations without any satisfactory result. Having heard about your Elixir, against my will, I may say, I gave it a fair trial; the result was astonishing. In two days I had relief, aud one bottle always cures me. Hy house ia never without it, as I have found it so safe for all ages and sexes. If you can make any use of this yon are at perfect liberty to do BO, as it is one of those medicines that ehonld be thoroughly known bv all — I am, very truly yours, T. BASTAKS, Proprietor of the City Baths, Adelaide. 