FALLS OF NIAGARA. The following, written by Rev Joseph Dare, we extract from The Spectator — I left Chicago by the Michigan Cen tral Railway, en route for that grandest of scenes, which America justly boasts, and which is long stood, by universal acknowledgment, among the wonders of the world — the "Falls of usiagarit. For some distance we passed along the shores of Lake Michigan, leaving the outskirts of the city on our right ; then through country partly rural and partly woutb-n, but without any lea tures of s"ecinl interest. Later in the da we passed through the pretty town of Ann Arbor, pleasantly situated beside a clear and rapidly flowing river, and surrounded by wooded lulls, in one of which nestles the university for which it. has become somewhat famous. Dr. Cocker, one ol" its professors, once resided as u merchant in Melbourne j but fortune not proving- propitious, he left the southern world, abandoned commercial atLirs, and emigrating to America, d< voted himself to the higher pursuit of classical studies, in which he has already gained pre eminence. Ills reci-nt work, on the " Coinciiii uces between Scripture sun) Gi-ok Philosophy, " is spokeu of as a WOlk of great literary loctii, ami as won him high distinctions throughout the Conlimut. Thence we pns-cd io D-rimd, and at length reach, u an aim of tlie Huron, where the whole train passed on io a leny barge, which bore us to the opposite siiote. By half-past six on the following morning we wt.ro at Bulldo, and at nine on our way to King.ir;;, twenty-two miles distant. On leaving Buffalo, the spot was pointi'd out to us win re ihe Fenians ci'OSm d 1 hi! waier fo the Canadian shore, and met with such defeat and disaster, on the occasion of their famous invasion. For several miles we kepi the River Kiagni-a flowing smoothly 011 our It-fr, passing on through a flat and uninterest ing ciuiiirv, portions of which wire cleared and fenced, while here and there patches oi scrub and forest told of the valueless character ol the soil. Nothing in ihe surrounding scenery, gives the slightest indication that you are ap proaching that wonderful cataract, which is the pride of the coutinriit, and whose grandeur and magnificence are known to the nations of the world. The small town of Niagara is 011 the American side of the river, in tho im mediate neighborhood of ihe Falls, and during the summer season — wln.-u i! be comes Ihe resort of large numbers i f .visitors — it assumes the character of a busy 1 azaar, for the s;do of relics cut from the limesione rock, Indian curiosi ties, and photogra; hie views of ihe catuiacl, and surrounding points of interest. It contains three commodious and well-built hotels, one of which — 'Cataract House" — is built by the American Rapids, the waters of which wash iis basement story. Ciiiton House, on the Canadian Eide, po.-se.- ses a special reputation for comfort of accommodation and excellence of cuisine, while it com mands one of the finest prosnccis oi the Fulls. My hotel was on ihe American side, end having secured my room, I set off, impatient to gaze 011 that grand spec tacle, to behold which had be-n one of the dreams. I bad beard much of the importunity of the cabmen here, and bow new comers were besieged by them ; but the ha'f had not been told me. Al though I resolved to look knowing, and utterly indifferent — as if perfectly fami liar whli the place and its surroundings — they were sot to be deceived. I had no sooner left tho Eteps of the hotel than several set on me at once, until sur rounded with carriages and dunned with entreaties, I was well nigh pestered out of my wits, " Drive you to Gout Is land, show you ihe Falls, and back to your hotel ; onty one dollar, sir." " Drive you to the whirlpool, sir, aud show you all the points of interest on the river." " Take you over tho suspension bridge to the Canada side, and sbowj-im the Horseshoe Falls from Table Rock." . At length I expostulated — " My good man I am taking a short walk to Prospect Park ; I prefer walking— do ' let me go in peace but it was 110 use — be pleaded on, driving beside me. Before entering npon a description of Niagara, I may state, for the benefit of . such as are uninformed on the subject, that it stands connected with the vast lake system of North America — the largest and most important in tho world — receiving the flow of the four large inland seas — Lakes Superior, Michigan, Huron, and Erie — the total area of which \- is 87,000 square miles — comprising more than one-third of the entire quantity of the fresh water of the globe. The channel through which these waters are poured into Lake Ontario — whence, by the St. Lawrence, they flow into the Atlantic Ocean — is the River Niagara, which runs between Erie and Ontario, 1 and is 80 miles in length. In its course — twenty-two miles from Lake Erie — a sudden break occurs across its entire bed, aud the whole of the waters of the \- river pass over abrupt and perpendicular cliffs, in distinct and collateral sheets. These are the Falls of Niagara, which, in the language. of the Iroquois Indians — -from which it was taken — is saicl to ! signify the " Thunder of "Waters." r . Entering Prospect Park, and passing : along by the foaming-rapids which flow \- between it and Goat Island, I stood on ; , Prospect Point, a favourite spot for gazers and sketchers, and where a party of visitors were about to be photographed, ' with the general view of the Falls for the background of their picture. I shall t- never forget that first view ; in one seene stretching from the one shore to the other, in magnificent perspective, ihe whole of Niagara was before me ; and -although I had been familiar with . de scriptions of it — from that of Father Hennepin, the Franciscan missionary, who first discovered it, in 1678, down wards — and with representations of it, of every conceivable kind, from my earliest Childhood, I now beheld the reality, which no painter can transmit to CRnvas < — no words describe. No aspect of nature was ever to me so full of the inspiration of awe, as that upon which I then gazed ; and as I looked upon it, bewildered with sensations I had never before experienced, it became not only daguerreotyped upon the retina of my eye, but indelibly stamped upon the tablet of my mind, in d- = And Tw,wer. in all its liviog majesty and sublimity — never to be obliterated. To obtain the view from below the American Fall, I des cended by means of a tram-car on an inclined plane, ingeniously worked by wnterpower ; and in a few minutes was standing amidst the spray at the base of the cataract, and almost deafened with its noise, as it plunged down npon the dark fragments of rock before me. In the words of a descriptive writer, ' I could see an immense torrent of water t. aring headlong down from some great height, ; but bad no idea of shape or situation, or anything but vague im mensity." faking the ferry boat, I crossed over to the Canadian side, obtaining from tlie middle of the stream, a magnificent and extended view of both falls. The water in the middle of the river, was rapid and turbulent, and tossed the boat on its agitated surface as though it had been a cockle-shell ; ic was only by taking advantage of the favouring eddies on each side the passage was successfully accomplished. The view Iroin rho Canadian side is much more complete and effective than on the other; the American fall in lis full ex tent is before you, a cataract GOO feet in width, and descending perpendicu larly 104 feet : then, separated from it by tlie projection of Luna Island, is !£ (lie Middle Fall" — a graceful sheet of foaming water, of crystal clearness and beauty, 100 feet, in breadth, beueaib which the famous Cave of tlie Winds is situated : then comes Goat Island, and tlii- point of rock where once the Terra pin Tower stood ; and still extending to the right, the " Horseshoe Fall," nearly 200 feet in width, with its irre sistible side of one hundred millions of tons per hour, and "its deep and deafen ing' roar ofendless melody," as i t plunges majestically into that curdling sea of milk-white foam, and sends up its lowering clouds of mist, to be painted by tho sunbeams in many-colored bows ol inagie beiuity. By many, Table Rock is regarded as furnishing the most commanding and impressive view — the raging rapids above winding and foaming madly on to their fearful leap : the iuclrseribable sublimily of the cataract desc-nding in its awful magnificence at your very feat : and tin- terrible cauldron of seething and fathom less waters beneath ; combine to preseni a scene that is adapted to awaken un usual emotion, and so inspire the pro- fonndest iuvu. The late Charles Dickens, writing of this scene, says: — "It was not till I came on Table Rock, and looked 011 the fall of bright green water that it cauie upon me iu its full might and majesty. The Niagara was for ever stamped npon iny heart, and the imagc- of beauty, to remain there, changeless and indellible, until its pulse seemed to beat for ever. I think in every quiet season now — still do these waters roll, and leap, and roar, and tumble, all day long ; still are tho rainbows spanning them a hundred feet below ; still, when the sun is on them, do they shine and glow like molt-n gold : still, when ihe day i- gloomy, do tln-y fill like snow, of seem to crumble away like the front of a great chalk cliff, or roll down the rock like dense white smoke. But always does (he mighty stream appear to die as it comes down, and always from iis un fathomable grave arises that tremendous ghost of spray and mist which is never laid, which has haunted this place with the same dread solemnity since darkness brooded on the deep, and that first flood before tho deluge — light — cam<- rnshing on creation at tho word of God." Longiuus says "that alone is truly sublime of which the conception is vast, the effect irresistible, and tho remem brance scarcely, if ever, to be erased." All who have seen Niagara acknowledge its sublimity : and, in addition, I fully endorse the statement of Mr Dickens that it is ati " image of beauty." Some one has said that " the beautiful is the shadow of God's loveliness, the sublime the shadow of God's majesty." Here both are blended, and to express the full idea of the scene it must be described as " sublimely beautiful." In the smooth, gleaming, curving waters, with their changiug forms and varied hues, the leading elements of beauty wore ever to be observed — as in the different tones of light, the folds of glistening crystal, aud creamy alabaster, and liquid emerald, and of the subtle rays of tho rose- tinted opal, all flecked with snow-while cascades of flaky foam, lived, and moved, and blended before you ; indescribable purity, inconceivable delicacy, and matchless beauty were stamped npon the face of this marvellous creation of tho Great Eternal, which the rising gauze-like veils of transparent mist strove in vain to hido. The late Dr Dixon, who visited it in 1848, has thus recorded his im pressions — " I sat silent and motionless a long time, looking, with a sort of vacant astonishment, at the whole scene. The thoughts, ' It is grand ! It is sub lime ! It is terrible !' crossed my mind ; bnt nothing definite had fixed itself there — all remained in tlie same contusion, chaos, stupefaction. At length, as if awakening from a dream, I exclaimed — 'How beautiful !' And then, in a moment, a thrill ran through my soul like an electrical shock, which at once scattered the mists ; and I ex claimed, loud enough to have been heard — ' Ah yes, that is it — it belongs to the beautiful 1" This was a new idea — a revelation— aad transformed the whole scene, in an instant, into perfect unity and glory. I considered Niagara as the most snblimely beautiful object my eye ever beheld." Lord Morpeth wrote of it — There's nothing great or bright, thou glorious Falll Thou may'st not to the fancy's sense recall — The thunder-riven cloud the lightning's leap, The stiriings of the chambers of the deep ; Earth's emerald green and many-tinted dyes, The fleecy whiteness of the upper skies ; The tread of armies, thickening as they come, The boom of cannon, and the heat of drum ; The brow of beauty and the form of grace, The passion and the prowess of our race ; The song of Homer in its loftiest hour, Tho unresisting sweep of Roman power ; Britannia's trident on the azure sea, America's young shout of liberty 1 After ascending to the roof of a neigh- : boring hotel, known as Prospect House, which overlooked the great Fall, and commanded an extensive view of all , the surrounding scenery, I went down a circular stairway, of 120 steps, to the " Hermit's Cave," and entered, a short ; distance behind the .falling sheet of water, under the overhanging cliff. The roar of the cataract was deafening, re calling to mind the words of Revelation, " The sound of many waters," " mighty thnnderings the slippery path upon which I was standing seemed to tremble beneath me. The vast liquid curtain was almost within my reach, and stretch ing upwards of 150 feet above me —a stone thrown by my utmost force seemed scarcely to enter it, but fell, recoiling from its stroke. The position, however, was somewhat dangerous, and as I hoped yet to meet loved ones I hud left behind, and to engage in the work of my Divine Master in Australia, I thought it prudent to retire. I returned by way of Clifton House and. the " New Suspension Bridge," a graceful, gossamer-looking structure, for foot t assengei s and light carriages, span ning Urn entire distance from the Cauadian to tho American side, of 1200 feet, and at an elevation of 190 feet above the river. It was erected at a cost of 175,000 dollars, aud is not only of eminent service to the throngs of visitors who frequent the locality, hut is in itself an object ol curious inlerest, and a crowning ornament, from whatever point it is beheld. To prevent my paper ex ceeding its proper limits, I must reserve the aecouut of my further ramblings at Niagara for my next. Sorrows of a Lami-lighter. — It is not every borough, writes tho Bendigo Indepen dent, lluit cau boast of such nn eccentric aud pushing genius of n lamplighter as Engle- hawk enjoys. Some lime ago lie asked the local Council for an umbrella. The Council, without asking " O wert thou iu the cauld blast-," resolved very good-naturedly to give the aged Lear one. He, however, wrote to the Council at its meeting, but the prayer of his new petition was not entertained, the | members apparently thinking that the joke had g nc far enough. The lamplighter wrote to the 1 fleet that, thinkiug the Council in attending to its " multitudinous nffuirs," had forgotten the long-promised umbrella, and that as such an article was not easily found, he considered that if they would, in "lieu thereof," give him an. overcoat, it would be more acceptable at this time of tho season. The writer added that, he was not in a position to pay bis rat03, and begged the Council to stay all proceedings. Where this modest gentleman would stop "requesting" if the Council had done ns he suggested, wo are at a loss to contemplate, aud the remark of oue of the councillors that their lamplighter's letter should be referred to the Ladies' Benevolent Society was not at all out of place. 