1.A.Y1X0 TfiK FOUNDATION STONE OX" TIIK NEW WKNLEYAN CllUIiOII. Tho ceremony of laying tlie Foundation Stoui' of the now Weeloyan Church, took plucc on iho afternoon of Wednesday, the 24th inst., and though the woatber was showery a goodly number assembled to witness the interesting ceremony. A procession of the teachers and children of the Sunday School formed at the old church in Victoria Street, and after moving along Palmerm, Fitzory, and Guy- streots, readied the eito of the new building, when tho opening hymn "O Lord of Hosts," was song in a feeling manner by the choir. After the road* tag of Scripture lessons appropriate to the occasion by the resident minister, Mr. Charles Fletcher, of Sydney, offered up an impressive nravcr. The Foundation Stooo was then duly laid by Mrs, W. O. Taylor, who used th& trowel a$d mallet in a thorough workmanlike manner, re peating the words "I pronounce this stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Bon, and of tko Holy Ghost/' A bottle containing the following articles was previously laid under the stone:-Oopios of Warwick Warwick Examiner' and Times, and Wenltyati Christian Advocate; copy of hymns sung at Foundation ceremony; plan of appoint ments of the Warwick Circuit; current coins of the realm; a eatnple of prize wheat; and some other article* of interest, also a document con taining the following: The Foundation Stone of this Church Was laid by Mrs. W. G. Taylor, On Wednesday, February iho 24th, 1876, in the 38th year of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. His Excellency William Wellington Cairns, Esq., Companion of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, Being the Fifth Governor and Commander-in chiof of the colony of Queensland and its Dependencies. The Hon. Arthur Macalister being Premier, and James Morgan, ICsq., Member of the Legislative Assembly for the town of Warwick. Mayor of Warwick, Mr. Fredk. Morgan. ' Town Clerk, Mr. F. B. Woods. Tho Rev. Samuel Wilkinson being President' of the Wesleyon Methodist Conference, of New South Wales and Queensland. The Rev. F. T. Brentnall, Chairman of the Queensland District, and Uifl Rev. W. G. Taylor, tho Minister of the Warwick Circuit Tho following gentlemen being Trustees of this property, (which has hem dulv settled under the provisions of the Model Dood): Messrs. Arthur Brown, David Clarke, William Deacon, Thomas Alexander Johnson, John Leonard, John Nunn, Thomas Pickworth, Joseph Watt, William Gilpin Watt, and James Wilson. Architect-Richard Galloy, Esq. Contractors-tfeesra. M'Culloch and Hubani, Stone masons, Mr- J. St'Donald, Carpenter, all of Warwick. Estimated cost of building (inclusive of one Aero of land, internal fittings and fencing), Two Thousand Pounds. Signed on behalf of tho Trustees, Treasurers-\vr, G. Taylor, David Clarke. . Secretory-T. A. Jbhneon. God Save die Queen. Tho mallet and silver trowel used on tho oc casion, both beautiful specimens of colonial art; were presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of tho subscribers, by Mr. D.Clarke. Tho trowel bore the following inscription: Presented to Mas. W. G. TAYLOR, On the occasion of laying the Foundation Stone of the New Wesleyan Church, Warwick, February 121th, 1876. After the singing of several hymns, the de livery of short but appropriate addressee by tho Rove. W. G. Taylor and F. T. Brentaall, (of Brisbane), and the laying of sundiy substantial gifts upon the stone, ringing cheers were ac corded the lady who performed the ceremony. 1 The National Anthem was aung and the com pany separated, many of them wet to the skin. In the evening a tevmeeting in connection with tho above ceremony was held in the Town Hall, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. The tables literally ."groaned with the weight of the feast," till relieved by the kindness of about three hundred fsraons, whose appetites were, no doubt, sharpened by the labours of the afternoon. When the tables were cleared a hymn WBB sung, and s payer offered up by tho Rot. F. T. BrentnflU, after which the Bev. W. G. Tatioh, on taking the chair, in bis opening i tomarks, stated that hewaa pleased to see such ii large gathering notwithstanding tho unfavor able weather. It was a sign that they took an interest In their church, when they wore willing to sacrifice their own commit, and lie knew | eumo had come from ft considerable distance in j order to be at this meeting. Ho was sorry to I tell <hnm that he had received news of the i SUriesi'of tho Rev. J. Gardiner, of Brisbane, which prevented him from coming, and they knew that Mr. Gardiner had always taken an interest in their welfare. Also, fit wae to bo hoped, the Bev.^ A. Midglcy, of Toowoomba, would be there bofore the meeting was over, as he had promised to be present, and they might still expect him by the evening brain. He had much pleasure in introducing a "travelling preacher,*' Mr. Charles Fletcher, of Sydney, who no doubt aa an old friend they would bo triad to hear. Mr. Chab. Fi>ETCHEn, who was listened to with great attention, said lie was unquestion- ! ably a travelling preacher, but ho was pleased to appear there as a representative of the lay preaching dement an the Methodist Church, an element which Methodism had largely developed. He was much impressed on his arrival in Bris bane, with the evident signs of the prosperity of Queensland. He also noticed the rapid pro gress Warwick had made since his last visit about eighteen months agd: He was proud to see the Methodists of 4this district engaged in building a suitable church in which to wor- j ship God. Methodists bad a great work to do in , the world, and they should bo ready and wil ling to 6ght the grout enemy of mankind. In fidelity was making great efforts to control the world, and while modern infidelity was not the 1 blasphetaous kind of a hundred years ago it was none the less dangerous. The materialistic theories of Darwin and other scientific writers were doing a great deal of harm, and the great mission of the Methodist Church was to combat all such crrora and try and win the world to ChriBt. Methodism was a Divine system, and bad proved itaelf of great tue to the world. While not wishing to disparage other denomi nations, he thought that what was incomplete in other chorohos, whether Episcopal or Non conformist, was complete in Methodism. The strict discipline of the Wesleyan Church tend ing to the purity of iU doctrine?, and the unity of its members. Their church was not jealous of other denomination*, what was good in each they could appreciate and honor. The speaker want on t!> ahow that Methodiam WW ; increasing and would still continue to do BO lie eat down amid great applause. The HEY. F. T. Bkentnall then rote and in a humorous and eloquent manner addressed ibe meeting. Christianity, ho said, was un fortunately broken up into ismB-some good, and others bod, And the encmios of Methodism had lost jiQ opportunity of ridiculing their church. ft was because people did cot know their doclrinos that they wore not much better appreciated than they were. After all there was not such a very great difference between them and othor Xon-conformist churches. It was minor differences that bred contention. Though churches had written controversial books ngAinst each other, still in the main truths of Christianity there was oommon agreement among them all. The great principle for all Christians to aim at was to follow Christ, not to contend for points of minor import ance. The time was when Methodists had suffered great persecution-when it was at tempted to put them down, but those times bad gone. Methodism was now a most stupendous fact-the fact of the age. In spite of persecu tion they oould be numbered by millions, and God had honored their church by making it a great instrument, tor the e&lv;&tiou; of »ouls The speaker went on at great length to show the internal management of the church, its good organization being one means under Provi dence of its groat sueaesain the world. The above is simply an outline of hit speech, which was listened to with much attention and ap plause. The Rev. W. O. T»un then read tho Financial Statement, from which it appears that the total amount promised, and otherwise in hand, is £1605 fls 6d; that the cost of the piesont contract, exclusive of plastering, will amount to £1602 16s Od; and that tho church when com plete is estimated to oost (including land, fenc ing, interna] fittings, &c.;) about £2000. He strongly urged upon the members the doeita. bility of opening the Church free of debt It would be & credit to the town, and one which they could be proud of. The young ladies and others should try and nige the money, and he had no doubt they would succeed. A vote of thanks to the speakers was suitably | proposed by Mr. DAVID CLARKE, and warmly J seoonded by Mt. T. A, JOHNSON, and carried. ! Mr> DBAN proposed and Mr. BARNES seconded | a vote of thanks to the ladies, which was re- j ceived with aoclammation.. After the dorology was sung and the bene- 1 diction pronounced the meeting separated. j We understand that the proceeds of the Tea : Meeting) and money laid on the stone at the j foundation ceremony, along with the voluntary j promises of money made in the evening, in con- j section with which a great amount of spirit | was shown by the meeting, will amount to the large sum of between £240 and £260, which | speaks very well for the liberalityof the Was* ' leyans of Warwick, especially considering the ; I very large efforts previously made by the mem I ben of that church. 