THE ROYAL ACADEMY EXHIBITION. (MD- AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON. May 14. A first visit to the great collection of poles which forms one of the chief attract) "London in May cannot fail to be please and one always feels inclined to say often that the exhibition is a very good one, in letter than last year's. By degrees 1 impression wears off, this time, and conviction grows that there is a g deal of time, labour, and ambition i inadequately represented upon those 1 ing walls. One does not bring as after repeated visits to the Academy, thing like the treasure for memory of one has sometimes carried home in for years and though the wealth of the court and the spread of luxury, and even 1 generalising of taste and education, are symbolised in the number and the ave merit of the paintings, a vague sense of appointment is the result of close and care ' investigation. We look, with the love ideas and admiring wonder of outsiders whom the power of creating beautiful this on canvas and in clay is a profound mystery and an altogether inestimable pi lege, for the thoughts which inspire the master hand and they are not is thoughts 1 Hence a certain disappointing perhaps most keenly felt where the wc manship is most admirable for then i borne in upon us with double force that cle men have been contemplating with no mental vision and reproducing by a skilful touch, during months of labour, s jects either silly and trifling, or unpleas Of course this is only a general observation but it applies to an unfortunate and regrettable majority of the pictures of this yet and must, I am convinced, be the parade' impression made on the great number visitors who do not care, or know, once about technical handling to be consoled their fine workmanship for so many picture which do not interest them at the time, remain with them afterwards. Many of ; leading academicians are absent from the of exhibitors this year, among them I Herbert, who is devoting himself entirely the completion of the Moses for 55 gallery at Melbourne. After the immense success of Miss Thom son's "Roll-call" last year, it is natural to the crowd should collect in front of Waterloo picture, and that its compares merit with that of its famous predecessor should be a topic of general conversation. do not admire it so much as " The roll-call chiefly because the subject is repulsive, a not pathetic, as the other was but I i bound to say that the execution is very fit and that the artist justifies the daring of 1 attempt by the completeness of her skill, "T 28th at Quatre Bras " shows us the aqua which successfully opposed the Cuiraaaii and Polish Lancers, and finally drove the back in rout and disorder. The details, t confusion, rush, medley, smoke, wounds, a death of a battle-field are finely given, thou the smoke has not enough motion in it, a is too uniform in time ; but the chief interest is in the central group, which presents a angle of the square, and includes over variety of figure, face, and expression, from the grave, steady old soldier, who is merely disciplined machine, to the grinning bumpk just about to charge his gun again, his most open from ear to ear with a coarse laugh while close beside him a comrade falls back ghastly, bleeding, dying, from a wound in t head. A horse gallops madly along the line and there is a wild air of hubbub and stir in the picture-the appropriate moral aim sphere of it. Certain technical objection: have been taken to this picture, as, for i stance, that the men's faces are too clear but they are not important, and I think I excellence is fully acknowledged. It is on less surprising than the artist's first, income us that the "roll-call" was the first, and d Btroyed for any successor the element of an unexpected and less interesting, insofar as Quatre Bras is too remote to excite a pathetic element in public sympathy Several of the most noteworthy of the pale inga I had already seen in the studios, as in many cases they look better so than the competitive grave. Not so, however, M Leighton's "Sliugore," which produces quite a startling effect in its place upon "the line" by its boldness, strength, simplicity and originality. I believe the general opinion is that Mr. Long's Babylonian Marriage Market " is the picture of the year be much as I admire the skill with which has worked out a most difficult design, ar- the cleverness with which he has made a su ject which a little less delicacy would have rendered very repulsive, simply interesting and in certain aspects humorous, I do m think the painting equal to Mr. Herkomer "Last Master, or to Mr. Elmore's "Included in the Life of Queen Mary at Bolton." N doubt people are too tired of Mary to contemplate anything concerning her with fresh ness of feeling and interest, but I think M Elmore's picture must win upon them. It so full of charm in the exquisite grace and beauty of the captive queen, in the fascinate devotion of Christopher Norton, in the quaint rich details of the old castle hall, the various occupations of the persons engaged some playing at chesS, others spreading the royal prisoner's table, and in the shade dimly traceable on the youth's brow of the doom which Mr. Froude briefly record thus Two years later the poor youth was under the knife of the executioner r Tyburn." Told with all the artist's refine grace, and painted with all his exquisite ski in colour, the story becomes a poem and drama, the story which Norton himself to thus : " One day when the Queen of Scots, in winto 1568-9, had been sitting at the window Bid knitting of a work, and after the board was covered, she rose and went to the fireside and making haste to have the work finished would not lay it away, but worked of at the time she was warming of herself. She looked for one of her servants, which indeed were all gone to fetch up her most, and seeing none of her own folk there, called mi to hold her work, who was looking at my Lord Scrope and Sir Francis Knollys playing. of chess." " The Last Muster" suffers a good deal from being in a crowd, the pathos and the calm of it are somewhat injured, but I was glad to see how the crowd stood silently before it, and did not move hastily away, The Chelsea pensioners are attending Divine service in their chapel; the old careworn expressive faces ranged in reverent stolid array, when the final summons comes to one among them, an old man with a grand worn face and his comrade, old too, but hale and hearty, lays his hand, awed and startled, upon the dying man's wrist. We feel the charm and the beauty of such a picture all the more deeply, perhaps, for the abounding trivialities which we are called upon to admire, for such things as "Little Sunshine," Toujours _¡d61e," "Little Miss Primrose," "How Sweet!'' " Shall We Invite Him," and the misses laneous pet parrots, flower pieces, provincial mayors, and portraits of ladies, known and unknown, Mr. Millais is numerously rather than well represented. Ho exhibits two land scapes, of which one is a deserted garden and the other the fringe of a moor. In both instances there is careful form, and lack of sentiment the garden is not a ghost haunted place beset with the memories of the sweet human lives and loves which have passed away, it is merely tangled waste, and the " fringe" is only bare and com- monplace. His portraits are not interesting, and the roughness which is one of his man- crisis, is increasingly prominent. " No !" is the most remarkable of his works ; it represents a young lady reading a letter, pen in hand, ready for the answering of it, and the pain and regret of the reply, as it must be, are in her face. Her dress and the accessories are admirable, but the young lady is not hand. some. and she has coarse, dark, ugly hands. In his more ideal painting, the " Crown of Love," the condition is Uno, but tip does not one to be expressed in a picture so as command universal recognition and then that fact may be in a certain sense an terial to the artist, it has its importance the spectator at an exhibition who is c templating the people as well as pictures, and the effect of the latter upon former. The story is the old French woman which tells how the king bade the you knight who loved his daughter carry her, we out stopping, to the mountain top, if he won win her and how the lord bore his fairburth to the appointed summit, and there did conqueror and conquered, crowned with le and death. In Mr. Millais' picture we the lover and the prince on a lodge of a terrible ascent ; the pitiless steep side of a mountain still rises before them ; his firm are strained, and her arms enfold his see His face we do not see, but guess at its c pression by the fixed gaze, full of love encouragement, but dawning terror in bet the blue eyes are meeting those dark at which we do not see, and the sweet, parts pouting lips are breathing courage to him closely observed the impression made by the picture upon the crowd, and in most instances it was not liked, in many it was not understood. Sir John Gilbert exhibits an ambition historical painting ; Tewkesbury Abbey in a distance and Queen Margaret, the wife Henry VI., being carried off as a prison to Edward IV. after the battle of Tewkesbury in which his son had been killed. The general effect of this painting is vague ; traction is not strongly enough marked, a are the figures sufficiently characteristic. A historical incident in a picture should always be unmistakeable. In this instance it is a boy the troopers might be the escort of lady in a yellow riding dress across park in troublous times, as well as to captors of a dethroned and bereaved queen: Still, defective as the painting is, one is sure to recognise some higher him in it than in of the vast majority of this year's pictures. ( sacred subjects, or subjects even constru tively sacred, there are very few, and the most striking of them in point of execution " Rachel, Preceding her Sheep Through tt Sand," one of Mr. Goodall's works-road he anybody else of pastoral extraction an occupation as well as Rachel. "TheAng of the Resurrection" is a dreadful failure, the blows, modern kind, and Mr. Poole picture of "Ezekiel's Vision," who mystic and puzzling enough, and paints with a good deal of force, strikes one chief ob being so unlike the notion of that trench dons experience afforded by the words of a prophet himself. The clouds are whirling and rushing, charged with the material shapes of the likeness of four is vii creatures "-(Ezekiel i. 4, 5) ; but a prophet is not alone; not only to his son comes the revelation and the power of the Spirit of the Lord ; he is surrounded by h followers, who also behold the vision. Fe this work one feels only perfunctory admin tion, but it is the best of its class. Generally speaking, the portraits are of standard grievances and nuisances of the Academy Exhibition. Gorgeously ? dresses ladies and pompous gentlemen, who are on bably deeply interesting to their own circle; intrude themselves for months on the notice of a public who care nothing about them ; ( staring pictures of members of the Royal Family collect groups of provincial visitor and seriously impede the traffic. It must I acknowledged that we have little to complain of this year in these respects. The portraits are less numerous than usual, and very much better. Among them are some really fine works of art, and several subjects of general interest; among the latter are portraits c Mr. Gladstone, Mr, Browning, and Mr Darwin. Mr. Watts sends a portrait of the late Marquis of Lothian, which is masterpiece and Mr. Storey distinguished himself by his female portraits, in which there is likeness without conventionality Mr. Armytage- great work, which is an exception to the barbarity of design of which I complain, is a curiously conceived picture and though there is a certain unpleasant hardness about some of the figures, and the atmosphere is in some way defective, is a very clever and powerful, and takes hold of one's attention with quite unusual strength It represents a terrace outside the palace of Julian the Apostate, on which the builders are actively at work. A council table is so under a tree, at whose head sits the Emperor attended by his guard and certain officers whose faces reflect the cynical and amused contempt of their master at the contortion which divide these Christians." The seen -a conference of sectarians-which passed under the cunning and disdainful gaze of the Emperor, is taken from the following passage in Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roma Empire, and it will be seen at once what for materials for a painter of Mr. Armytage' power and archaeological learning it suggests : ' ' Julian, who understood and decided they theological disputes, invited to the palace the leaders of the hostile sects, that he might enjoy the agreeable spectacle of their furious encounters. The clamour of controvert sometimes provoked the Emperor to exclaim, Hear me, the Franks have been me, and the Alemanni ;' but he soon discovered that he was now engaged with more obstinate and implacable enemies, am though he exerted the powers of oratory to persuade them to live in concord, or at least in peace, he was perfectly satisfied before he dismissed them from his presence that he had nothing to fear from the union of the Chris transfer This picture is much admired, and ideas its details are admirable ; but one is so much accustomed to associate Mr. Armytage with " Fair Women" of the antique classical types, and of the most highly ornamental school, that a painting by him without a woman's face in it seems strangely impossible It is a little difficult to feel the kinship of human interest in the hard and angry wranglers of the sectarian meeting, and to my mind the chief charm of the picture lies in the cunning humour of the Apostate's face and the dignified disdain of the consistent! and undisturbed Pagans of his household, to whom theRe disputes were simply silly, not silly and valuable, as they were to their master. As I foresaw, Mr. Fildes "Betsy' is much admired for the freshness and simplicity of the subject, and the perfection of the painting. Mr. Marcus Stone's " Rain set Sauf" is a very pretty picture, and has a hearty and healthy touch of nature in it. A French soldier arrives at his home after the war, unannounced, and finds a baby in the cradle, and his wife a pale convalescent. All is doubly well, husband, wife, and child are all safe and sound together. The motive and expression are admirable, and though some of the details are English, not French, it would be hypercritical to quarrel with a picture, which in the midst of many inanities is refreshingly true and worthy, for such trivial errors. Mr. Maries has nothing to show us to compare with his last year's picture of a strike among the work- men in the olden time. His "Three Jolly PostboyB" is a dull picture of a vulgar subject. On the other hand, Mr. Leslie's inevitable young ladies are less insipid and excruciatingly " fine " than usual. His School Revisited" is a good picture, not only in the extreme perfection of the details, the costumes, and the accessories-for in that Mr. Leslie never fails but in the mean- ing. It would be an infliction to have to look up from one's work perpetually at the " mob- cap and frilled apron school" (as' his has been called to which the pof.potm'i.making maidens of last year belonged, but those cheerful schoolgirls, eagerly inspecting the line garments and the wedding-ring of their quondam schoolfellow, who has left them to enter upon the great realities of life, and returns for a moment to the old scenes, would not be bored at any time. There is a pretty look of retrospect in the young wife's face, just the faintest tinge of penBivoness (which is, however, not to grow) in her consciousness that she cannot be, even for the brief space of her visit, of that bright and careless sisterhood ever again. Apropos of Mr. Leslie, whose father's run-up, do must (sprays associate with Don j Quixote-there are two pictures of the Don in the exhibition, both touching his sojourn at the court of the duke and duchess, but neither of sufficient merit to lead us to congratulate their respective artists on having invaded the territories of Leslie and Dora. Mr. Firth is more numerously represented than any other painter, but chiefly by small works. The want of refinement in the style of this popular artist is the counterpart of the want of refinement in his choice of subjects. "The Beggar's Opera," "Tom Jones," the life of a king's mistress (La belle Gabrielle), and such dreary commonplace as a girl opening a valentine, a girl in a bodice and petticoat, trying on a pair of new car- rings, two girls, called respectively "Black and Blue Eyes," and a stiff llowerpiece, are the selections of Mr. Firth's taste for the eight florid paintings of his which find places on the walls of the academy. They are almost all well painted, but all vulgar, and the picture called "Black and Blue Eyes" is not even up to the standard of its predecessors in point of mechanical excellence. The faces are ivory, not flesh and blood. Several pictures are exhibited by command of the Queen. Among them in the steamer Panther among icebergs and fielding in Melville Bay, under the midnight sun. This is a deeply impressive painting, by Mr Bradford, of New York, and reminds us instantly of Dr. Bird's delightful description of the voyage in "The Land of Desolation." Then there is a portrait of the Princess Beatrice, by the Hon. A. Graves, of which we can only say that it is very nice," that phrase which one bears a hundred times in an hour at the Academy and a portrait of a collie, a favourite of the Queen's, beautifully painted by Mr. Barber and we have the " Presenta- tion of Colours to the 79th, at Parkhurst, by Her Majesty," painted by Mr. Sydney Hall, which is a dreadful specimen of a most vulgar and deplorable School of so-called art Portraits and pictures of every kind of all the members of the Royal family, and all the occurrences of their lives, are multiplied to an absurd extent ; but this is an extreme case, and the picture is simply a daub, the standing figure of the Queen, upright in the carriage, being wholly unlike her Majesty, and the face anybody's one is pleased to call it, 15 years younger than she is, but not Queen Victoria. In his large and elaborate painting of the marriage of the Duke of Edinburgh with the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia, at St. Petersburg, Mr. Chevalier has not had so onerous and ungrateful a task imposed upon him as that which he so admirably fulfilled in painting the Thanksgiving procession to St. Paul's Cathedral, on the occasion of the recovery of the Prince of Wales from his almost fatal illness in 1871. The Royal wedding was a beautiful as well as a stately scene, and the interior of the Winter Palace very different from Ludgate hill. Still there were difficulties to be overcome, as well as effects to be secured, and Mr. Chevalier has done both. The painting is a very fine work indeed, and the effect of space, ease, grandeur, solemnity, and beauty is delightfully conveyed. The likenesses are fairly faithful, and the accessories are all executed with elaborate care and precision. Mr. Chevalier has lent grace and poetic Bof t- ness to the gloss of a pageant in which " barbaric gold " had a part too prominent for our colder and more severe taste, and has worthily rendered on historic incident. He has received warm commendation and congratulations on the work from Her Majesty. Of the landscapes and sea pictures, which form so delightful a portion of the Academy Exhibition, and of the sculpture, I cannot attempt within the limits of my present letter to give your readers a sketch, but I hope to do so on an early occasion. 