How Bil y Kirwin Bilked the fire-eater. ; One dayj Billy Iiirwan, a well-known Dublin bill-broker, of great wealth and jj oqual sclirowdness, was offered, ns he : sat on his accustomod window-sill in tho I court-yard of the commercial Buildings a bundlo of hills for discount by a morchant who had takon thon in tho way of business. It was Mr. ICirwnn's boast "that ho instinctively know bad " paper" by tho foel of it. " thoroVjj# bad ' paper' in your lot, I can, porceivojj sir. without taking tlio trouhlo to look ovor it seri- nh-tim ot lito-rah- tim," ro- ? markod Billy, who had boon originally j intonded by his pious Galway paronts for tho Church, and had in his boyhood j a decent convorso with tho preliminaries £ of tho classic. " Fanum habctincornu," ho continued, " as a pody might say to a spavined horse. You had hotter romovo it, if you playso sir, boforo I havo anything to say to you ; for I wouldnt touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty my hands with ; it." "I am astonished to hoar you 6ay so, sir," and tho merchants ; " and would you bo pleased to mention what it is in any hand that encounters your . I objection ? " " Why, a certain | acceptanco signod H. D'Estorro tbo T celobratod fire-eater and champion of j tho Dublin Corporation, afterwards 1 shot by O'Connellj, and. if you must j know my opinion, I wonld not advanco | the valuo of a brass button on all that 1 a jackass could draw on tho same security," Good heavens ! and why ; not ?" " For a rayson I havo ; and -! knowbody knows it bottor than Mr. D'Estorro himsolf," answered ICirwan I As Mr. Kirwan was sitting alono afor dinnor tho same ovoning, ogjoyiug his % pipe and his glass of punch ovor one ' | of M'Ghoe's latter readers in the Even- iwj Post, or, just as probable, ono of , t Dan O'Connell's earlior speeches in | favour of Catholic emancipation, tho | sorvant came in with a cord from 3 Colonel Homy. Tho Colonel very much £ rogretted that it fell to his lot to havo J to dolivor a hostile mossago to a gontlo- I man of such respectability as Mr. Kir- wan from one oqually rospoctablo and , $ estimable as Mr. D'Estorro. Ho re- | peatod tho injurious and insulting | expressions which the gontlomen whom ho had tho honour of addressing hnd i mado uso of in spanking of his friend during tho day to a cortnin merchant s in tho Commercial Buildings, and ! |i which had trnvollod the sound of tlio i oity boforo nightfall. Ho pointed out, if moreover, tho utter impossibility of Mr. )" D'Estorro allowing such an outrngo j : on his namo and character to bouttorod i I ; and sent forth to tho world without do- \ manding tho satisfaction of a goutlo- j it man. " Thon Colonel, lionoy, como to j -j the point, and just toll mo what it is that you want," domandod Kirwau. | "An apology or tho altomativo." \% " Which moans that I must oat my '<& words or fight?" "Most decidedly." i | "It can't ho dono for tho monoy." i' | " AYhat monoy ? Whoso money ?" said 0 the colonol. " Why, my monoy to bo | J sure ; the monoy that your respectably i | friend Mr. D(EstGrro owes me this, lqfln couple of years — nothing moro nor U , -1 than a cool hundred, independent of interest and expenses. I lont it to him . | at first not as a matter of business, hut i on his pledged word of honor that lio'd I return it to me at the timo ho premised; and, upon my honor and sowl, ho has'nt , i dono so from that day to this." Tho \ Colonol doubtod what lio had to do with ' j tho monoy questicn. "Everything," | said Kirwan, " in tho regard of your -1 not having tho ghost of an argument j on your sido when yon ask mo to apolo- .-..j giso or fight." Tho Colonol still could f not soo it ; but his opponont vory soon | made him, in this wise. He'd bo a t liar and a coward to apologiso, or in any ' way retract what ho had said aud still » y felt of D'Estorro, so long ns D'Estorro chose to act dishonourably towards him ; and to go out and fight liimwould ho to act liko tho higgost fool in oxis- tenco. " Blood-an'- ouns ! Colonol," said Billy, " do you want mo to firo against my own monoy ? On tho othor hand, if D'Estorro hits mo lio'll soncl mo to tho Dovil after it ; and you know tho Scripturo says that 'out of holl thoro's no- redomption." " Very true, indeed, and by no moans an iin- roasonnblo way of putting it," obsorvod Col. Hopry ! "but," ho added, " will you, if I satisfy you on tho monoy <&|&tion; " " If you pay mo — that's enocliat!" roared Billy. " Pay you— cortainly ; that's what I moan ; but will you thon fight?" "Liko a Trojan, Colonel," cried Kirwan; "anything to oblige you, anything for poaco and quietness." "I shall soo you to-morrow morning again, Mr. Kirwan," said tho Colonol, rising and formally bowing to his h< st, who vainly endeavoured him to take anotlior jorum, "just to show that tlioro was no animosity botwoou them." "You'll have your friend ready in tho morning, wlion I call?" asked Henry, ns ho turned for the last time. " That's my intintion," respondod Kirwan. "and all my wordly affairs settled." Colonol "'amy did not see tho faco of inimit- hblo drollory that Mr. Kirwan assumed as he uttored tho last observation, for ilia back was turned, and ho was_ half -way down the hall door stops, hailing a passing carman. Next morning tho gallant bearer of tho cartol was nt tho houso of the challenged party, who re ceived him most graciously. "But your friend, Mr. Kirman ? I don't soo the gentleman to whom I expected to bo presented," oxcLtimod tho Colonol, look ing not a littlo surprisod. "Layvo that to mo," Kirwan remarked coolly. "Business boforo ploasuro, if you ploaso ; have you brought my money ? let's settle that before wo proceed to tho sintimental part of tho matter." " Crr- tainly," roplicd Henry. "Hero's a hundred pound Bank of Ireland noto at your sorvico, which discharges my friend's obligation." "And hero's a re ceipt for that samo, with an apology for your friend, which ho and you would bo tho most unreasonable mon alive not to accept andbo thankful." ' ' "What, thon ! you don't intend to fight, after all ?" oxdaimod the Colonol, on hear ing what appoarod to him an extraor dinary declaration, and perceiving tho ridiculous rosult which his grave om- bass had nt length been brought to. "You won't fight," lioropeated. "Tho devil a bit ! Colonol, honoy ; and that's as sure as my name is Billy Kirwan. I unsay nil I havo said of your friond, and apologise to him and you in tho handsomest manner." " I can't just at this moment see," ruminated tho bafllod onvoy, " how my principal is to come out of this affair croditably in this fasjiion!" "'He come out of it with \Jjjraffg colours ; for his fellow-citizons will think more of him when they hoar lin liMQ -nmri 1ii<a rlnliffl ilmn if lin hml shot Billy Kirwan. — Gentlemen's Maga zine. 