ENGLISH EXTRACTS. In Windsor Castle, Her Majesty, with her own hand, conferred on certain seamen and marines the medal which is designed to mark conspicuous gal lantry to the late Ashantee War. This medal is not" to be confounded with that which will be worn by every member, without distinction of tank or arm, of the little English army who fought a" well upon the African coast. It is reserved for those whom the fortune of war brought under their leaders' eyes somewhat more prominently than their no less brave, in less fortunate comrades. As it was, the ceremony of presentation was a strictly private one, and when we have said that it was made in the North Corridor; that the Queen in person, handed to each man is medal with a few kindly words of congratulation, and here and there of sympathy and that she was accompanied by the ' Princess Beatrice, and attended by Major-General Ponsonby, Sir John Cowell, and the ladies of bar cure, we have said all on that score that may be said. These brave fellows were but nine in all. William Holloway, Quartermaster Godden,' coxswain of the captain's gig and William Sermon, able seaman (all of the ship Rattlesnake) ; with William Year worth, captain of the forecastle of Her Majesty's ship Encoun- ter, were the sailors; while the Marines were Colour-Sergeant Masters, of the 14th Company; Sergeant Taylor and Wm, Dewhurst gunner, of the Royal Marine Artillery ; Sergeant Timothy Waters, Private Richard Townsend, and Bugler George Burnett of the Royal Marine Light Infantry. They reached Windsor a few minutes before noon, and were at once taken up to the Castle by a Corporal-Major of the 1st Life Guards, who was in waiting at the station for that purpose. After the ceremony was over, the soldiers and sailors were taken to lunch in the room which is generally known as the Band Room, and were afterwards allowed the privilege, which is denied to the ordinary public while the Royal Sag is ii) Ing, of seeing all that may he seen in the most Royal of palaces. There are other Seamen and Marines some ten or twelve of both farces, for whom a similar honour is in store. But they are now on service abroad, and their captains will have to do for them what the Queen has done personally for their more fortunate fellows. ?-.' . It is not improbable that Commodore Goodenough, now in command of the Australian station, with a 2nd class pendant, will shortly horse that of a first class purutnudore. The directors of the Eastern Extension, Australasia and China Telegraph Company (Limited) have declared an interim dividend for the quarter ending September 30th, of 3s. per share, or 6 per cent, per annum, free of income tax, payable on January 15th. The second, commenting on the alleged ritualistic bias of the Committee on Rubrics, nominated by the Prolocutor of the Lower House of Convocation, says Rumours are rife as to scenes of violence in the Committee, and portending that a conflict in the Church is very near at hand. We are informed, on the authority of a member of the Committee, that notwithstanding Archdeacon Bii- kerstctb's fair words, there is every probability of proposals being carried which the great mass of Churchmen, as well as the House of Commons, will indignantly repudiate. Mr. Gladstone's Expostulation boat had a larger sale than any pamphlet known in our time. The fiftieth thousand of the sixpenny edition is announced, simultaneously with the twenty-third thousand of the ordinary edition. The controversy which it has provoked is proportionately voluminous We, Protestants, have long ceased to take any part in it, and, indeed, are sufficiently employed and entertained in attending to the struggles which plain common sense English Catholics make to escape from the chains of the Ultramontane pretensions. To borrow an apt expression of the Nptclulor, Infallibility is being whittled down to a point at least it would be if such men as Lord Acton, Lord Camoys, Mr. Shoe, and others represented any numerous section of Catholics. But there is reason to fear that they represent only themselves. Infallibility is such an agree- able article of faith, and there is no doubt, preparations are being made to force its acceptance even at the pain of excommunication. Dr Manning is in Rome, and will add another to his claims to the Cardinal's hat by assisting the Vatican to demolish Mr. Gladstone, who has returned to Hawarden, and for the moment, desires it to be understood that he has retired from theological controversy. He is engaged on the preparation of a Homeric Dictionary, which will take him a couple of years. Mr. Murray, yesterday advertised the 105th ? thousand of the Expostulation, which is, perhaps, the most prodigious thing known in pamphleteering. The sixpenny edition is bought up, one might almost say, voraciously. The newspaper controversy which it provoked has come to an end for a time ; but we are sure to hear more of it. Temple Bar has got a reprieve. The subject of its removal was hotly discussed in the Common Council the other day, and what is called the iconoclastic party got a severe browning. Nobody could deny that, in its present condition, only prevented by hideous crutches from removing itself, the old structure with an eyesore and a nuisance ; but, as I predicted some months ago, this admitted fact was outweighed by sentimental feelings, and by a jealousy of anything which might trench upon the dignity, or obscure the limits of the city's jurisdiction. Mr. Alexander Agassiz has just started on an expedition to South America, with the object of investigating the natural history of Lake Titicaca, and collecting antiquities from the surrounding country for the Peabody Museum. Her Majesty's ship Basilisk has returned to England, after a commission of nearly four years, having made discoveries whose extent can only be appreciated after a comparison of the latest existing charts of Torres Straits and Eastern New Guinea, with the charts issued, or to be issued, by the Admiralty containing the results of the Basilisk's survey. The officers and men of Her Majesty's ship Basilisk have sur toyer! about 1,200 miles of coast line, added at least 12 first-class harbours, several navigable rivers, and more than one hundred islands, large and small, to the chart and lastly, have been able to announce the existence of a new and shorter route between Australia and China. We understand that two lofty mountains, about 6000ft high, facing each other on the north-east coast of New Guinea, have been named " Mount Gladstone " and " Mount Disraeli." Mr. Plunket is the new Irish Solicitor-General, and it is announced that he does not thereby resign a political for a legal career. This, in fact. is much the same arrangement as was made with Sir W. Harcourt when he joined Mr. Gladstone's Government last year. He was so much more of a politician than a lawyer, that it was not until it was officially announced that he renounced all claims to a judgeship, that the public could understand or approve the appointment. The same thing has been done in Mr, Plunket's case and the innovation on the ordinary practice-now sanctioned by two successive Governments may be of great advantage to the public interest, inasmuch as it signifies that hereafter judges are to be chosen solely for legal and not for political claims Practically, this theory has had at least partial application in England; but in Ireland, there is not a judge on the Bench who has not arrived there through political office. It is rumoured that Mr. Butt is going to America on a. lecturing tour and if that be so, it will be much easier work to pass the Judicature Bill through committee. There are things which would surprise me more than to find Mr. Butt, after a decent interval of absence, accepting office at the hands of a Conservative Government. Mr. Mackonochie is not going to appeal against Sir Robert Pbillimore's judgment and the association which backs him has only given notice of an appeal for the sake of gaining time-" turning round in the situation, so to speak, Seeing that Mr. M. ostentatiously gave it to be understood the other night, that he should obey the judgment of any but a spiritual court, it seemed rather inconsistent that he should appeal to what he would no doubt consider a lay court. One is consoled for all this delay by reflecting that Lord Penzance will make short work of him about this time next year, unless he avoids the difficulty by retiring. In the sittings of the Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, so much time has been taken up by a Irgitiumoy declaration case involving the succession to a baronetcy, and turning on a marriage supposed to have been effected in India a century or so ago that the Mordaunt case perforce stands over until next term. Supposing that Sir C. Mordaunt desires to marry again, this postponement is unpleasant, especially as it is now finally settled that there will be no opposition, Lady Mordaunt is not in a condition to tell her own story, and the co-respondent is understood to feel under no uncontrollable impulse to appear in a witness-box. An Irish ghost story has generally something to do with the hand, of death warner, but a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wilds of sherry the other day is sufficiently thrilling, although the apparition concerned had no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman residing in Gleullusk received a call from the spirit of her husband, a " man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves." The farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some months back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on account of owing a sum of £1 2 to friends of his, and begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a few days if booking for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumstances of the case, and this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Mickey Free, who may be remembered by the tender of Charles O'Malley. When the ghost in complete burial costume arrived for the bank-note he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to day a mere pretender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow, The shroud, the stockings, and, above all, the gloves, were at once recognised by the poor woman as the most fitting garments for her husband, as they were the last in which she had seen him. If he had presented himself in the more questionable guise of a Samuel jacket and corduroys, she might have wondered how he contrived to procure a change of working cloths. Here is a him for spiritualists who have some difficulty in reconciling economic flounces with ghostly phantom. The Glanflssk Ghost has not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to channel properties ought to be a lesson to those who represent spirit in shoeing coats. or walking ovens, . . 