Miss Angela llV MlHH THACKERAY. CHA ITCH XXX "lt(r-<lt'rAXS W.UTINil ; EXTKlt M.nV.tX+S." Late AY had not spared thought and trouble to make her ball go off with Mr brilliancy of WIN mill fire, of minuet and country dance, of beauty dressed to best let me get, and musical lying in time to dignified gians , vi times without number were standing about the: doom display in,? their intraten gold In aided ambition-, and blight colours blues Do Horns green lace ques tt o completions milongthciirrthey carried wands in their hands but the fire nosegays the park w slighted by huge torches, lamps were hanging along the inclines that led to the home A tion of stood outside the iron gates, cheering accidently in the long names and splendour and put oils belonging to each other came coming up I think people were less blast then than they au i it, and thought more son only upon certain subjects Dancing, for most are, not promising and pastures, took up a great deal of time so did commission and car lespoiiilciiit-of all of which exercises our own generation seems suiuoNvlub imp dient, as it now lies on its it by eiuUiluig with small KUI mony Miss Angel starred in her great equipage to Uko line put in all the state loieiniintes, and her father piston his old cloak and proposed to follow into the cloud To into the glory to see his child pass into the pa class of louis The 1 uiicesM of III whose kick was to be there and with great pn songs Little R m begged BC had to be d lotted to LO too, that us it tuna till) November might shining truth may star and crossed by no thill winds, the old man consented to it, and the little girl stated (surging in his hand and dance,; with delight along the pavement I suppose to) one in two people present on the crowd within or without story I illtsdeliehtinl eel t unit little lost in his unto darkness of es as happy as any of the splendid mile lights d up Indus within On happier than Angelina so If, win) his time in first page and depressed state of mind by (legates (it often happens after depression) lies sings too much It more gum, plank of music, sin 4th p dished Hoon admiration, and half i don poison at her elbow, could milled her happy, Huso elements more Hit anning Antonio at is g ino, Jil Hey non Is had left her, but all these dainties remained People. talk of selling at nMimas , it seemed li be the one thing Ibatsha coal! mine upon Friendship had left her ill i full , late made a per lb and walked out of the room , but lion) was a faithful fut slit), ault nut rib until racing have been put Irons and lOiupliiiionls, Into it is Do flour iiiiicliutting in his courteous attention is Sinn (other things were not for her she would take Nils v side came 1 hold Was 1 fit only a daring godly ss after all was lins lobelliuoxpciiimcoof his life, to find the city in one Mung after an other At living during the eventful evening AIIHS Angels laughter and spirits now almost wild, but the others BRO dropped threatens array of tin mi the hotel Sittings of the last few muutliH sullied building with the HI one so love her Almost the best pass in shut out as she i line into the) I own it is All Rijnolds talking to one of the bi pitiful 1 ulna Yt high it of Do i unto up to that, held out his red hills to go into depressing lark She bitterly killing but to no spond , Hine it is a iv dazzle of bush but no eyes, of music as best man She had in it at 12 quickly, and just a hint Um fair That Lady Ellen a, win was no sum on and lo king greatly bond, was beckoning him to line and sends) her suit local ttion him Um two ladies could see into the great dining-room winds hut Lion do no lined and tin and it is dancing is ill An inch li id 1) in opening into the bill) ncLigm room, Miss Angel s into the it His bed I can hid it on Iniusf Filled with a 10 tiling be done mill lamps were low it was , almost all the windows were unsheltered, and the lights on the France without, and the six units of the shyest in less seemed to mark in (her by mere unit onIPI ID station to the glittering; magic within line is a picture ) 16 Rolland of a ? nut ball in the He dayS, elocution) and slim lil kingly unbilled Time is sweeping and measured calm 111 all the brilliance a high bred grace and camp min Lady W s hall was remarkable in this IIUNIIIIO of biiJitniHH must state i entering, sense of high dignity pas soul of the cunning) devices adopted in 1 with great spirit Angelica direct Ittito mill M Collins, who came and handed her that she was in raised is she stood by ld) lb Do Hun's dancing was celebrated for its tixiolhnto Ho it is still 11, composite, gun old, III using his long limbs with II 9 st of a uuliHI ago A lion dancing, he seemed quite tilden til line The somewhat conscious person who ppi redundant machinery III tuiiistiiiices His me for noise must Into In a remarkable and the whole glittering set of country d trees is one of t he surprised and kept to the measure by this one lunn s poison in face They stayed mad bull, and stamped then high lit els, the sit mis swung, the gentle notes gold rumor reaches ninth Hit) stared with her laurels, It asked, the stately lady Igmis rose and said , and pointed then satin does De Horn inning Hu in all, in his blacked out of, seemed to be at his own time and but in the crisis in lnevHino AIIL,C1II I made no secret of her pleasure in his performance When excellence reaches a cm Lim a nut, or a dancing 1 e c miss a line all, and ceases to be in person at the pity to me artists in James Pu Imps this may has been a hand line all, but if wits all in ill for the moment Mr Roy holds wits str II Mtiuiding not find oil, and In H in her glance and in it he looked down at his shoe buckles, tilling as if he had no right to it itch Angdicis expressions of movements any more quill I look seemed to tell him he had been light subserve his conscience She was a ghost to liniment be notified living-rooms, with the light of by mill in the eyes, of not lest and fine intelligence Winn the dance was we do Horn conducted her luck to her princely 1 ally Dr He was lined by her side, not talking ox heavy, fog In cases chimneys mml and depended more upon his legs than has as its for the fat or In received from the Ntoild He BI and listening to Angelicas talk with everybody) else, and put ring in it and every now and then more or less to the purpose of " What a stupid man do I lost was said 1 ally Dr onto, when he had met id away, called out by some acted unbuilt " Do you think so ' ' Haiti the lúiullmaim " I think the man is u to) gaol beginning of a human being' She spoke lightly, but BRO felt anything but gay and untoiicuiiietl AYus it magnetism and force of will by which do Horn made his way / li was some curious potter he had of making others half interested, half afraid Angelica dimly fell But who WItH III danger He Bills seemed with her, even when she was talking to others Let the ti Us licker mann about attractive and lopiiNito post as belonging to human beings as they walk in mysteries It must have him Buno magnetic powers made Both which imposed upon so many As the handsome couple stood side by side Hit) commanded a view of the bulb mt tom play in the blazing sun and on the staircase driving up to receive the Punters of Hi unstuck and the Duke of Cumbeil mill, who had arrived in state The heads bond in a long line, the courtesies vie in depth and sweep the pi messum sweeps on, the buzz of voices lives afresh Two people began talking in the crowd of the Daily Com ant, a newspaper which had just come out " Its now is not of the 1 ghost, says one of the speakers, turning to do How is, it announces Count de Horn B expect ted arrival in London at P iris and Dover It in tin to months after date in its intelligence " Is he coming ! ' haul do flour with a start I "He-who! said the other, and do Horn seemed suddenly to remember to burnt out laughing Angelica, pro occupied as she was, could not help wondering at the railway this little incident seemed to produce in her p water 1 le presently asked her if she did not fell the boat Would she not come refused an open window I "Are vat till Pray do not think of me," she said, for she saw that he was deadly pale But he would not leave her He seemed to do tam her, by mci of force of will to keep her apart from the rest of the company -> He began talking us he had never done before j "Act is that you were in my own rank of life I" he said once , " but that matter, i ink or difil. * The allies!, of rupunHnliIni; " that vessel ' Life been punna el li) till I proprietor of Ac S ittiwltiiulei ? unity when there is with and courage and true love Î" She became more and more uneasy, as head milliner grew more fro.!. He followed her every where from room to room, into the supper-room at last, where he had handed some refreshments; she had asked for across a table, saying, " let me serve you, madam. Ah ! you are fortunate ; hero in this country you have no vexing restrictions us with us, Before I left Sweden, a friend, of mine was taken before the magistrates for having taken a cup of chocolate in her box at the pkgs. fibre was condemned to a week's imprison HACBS and a heavy (Ate." " IT it possible I" cried Angelica, I should be sorry to pay such a price for a cup of chocolate." (Alas !' poor woman she had to pay a heavier; price for this than those which Count de Horn was now handing to her,) "Our sumptuary laws are of extraordinary severity'," cried the Coast.. I myself have, I fear-" he broke off' »ttrtiptly ; "Will you come back to the diiiiciiig-rsom," he said, and he looked at her with one of these strange uncurtain glances. As Do Horn's agitation grew less, Angelica, felt her own insensibly increase. Silo became more and more afraid, and once when he had been called lively by one of the Princess of Brunswick's attendant pngCH, she precipitately engaged herself to herd XV., who happened to be standing near. But. five economists interfere. Lady W. came up with it "No, it",, you must not dance with Kiiiilfniaiin. I know how much you would like todays; last thursday tim Princess of Brunswick waiting to be taken in to supper. Here is Count Do J Horn, who will, I am Here, take your place." she was gone, and once more Angelica found her lingers in the grasses' the very band she was trying to avoid. His fingers hold her so strangely', closing wit As a firm light pressure, that she seemed unable to resist. "Here is a seat by the window," she said, trying to avoid him, and with a sort of smile she withdrew her hand in an iiuconoi'inoil way, talking of something else all the while ; but again she happened to meet the look of his strange penetrating eyes as she glanced up ; it seemed to her as if his glance held her as firmly as his closing lingers. - Old John Joseph was in the crowd outside, and had managed to creep with little loss through the ban tins, As they stood on the surface of the garden, they saw, to their delight, Angelica go by in her brilliance, escorted by this magnificent spire. < > " How white she looks, grandpapa," said little loss ; " is HIIO frightened all alone ?" " She is not at all alone that great Signer is talking to her," said John Joseph. " praised be heaven tim I I see my child honored us she. deserves ; all are acknowledging hut' lights. See, these, they are looking for her, she receives a message, she is led across, from left is one of the Princess' pages who has been sent for her," cried old John Joseph, creeping up closer and closer to the window, and trampling the flower-beds to behold the apotheosis of his Angelus HILL is conducted to the great chair where the Princess in Hitting in plain. " People are coming this way. Come quick," whisper little flower, pulling at his coat tails, 'They are a timid hair, and Um 'mist of voiced highton chain, and the two i creep off cal of lilly and unperceived, slide along the mile and come out away into the street. They that their way home, through dark moonlit streets, to Um house where the tired servants were sleeping. Soon little Rosa, too, is (learning of moon- light and music. '2. Old John Joseph lights his pipe and sits down: at' contentedly in the great chair in the pallor, *$ waiting until Angel should return ; he opens 9-4 lim window To hear her first HIIIIIIIMIIS. -'F being, warm, dark hours pass, and he rode sleepily in his piano, nil, wrapped in his cloak. The open window lots in the first light of dawn, the birds begin to chirp crisply in the chill serenity. 'the dawning light in it acts upon the bull, and upon this dancers still untiringly pursuing their lines. 11 shines upon a woman who has come not from the hot glaring room, will restraining music and oppressive scent of burning wax into the dim grey garden where the trees just rustle in the dawn, and the sparrows are whistling their nally chorus with flush precision. All that, night Angelica had fruit unnaturally wound up, u.\cilu(l, agitators. This dim cool light seemed to ed! her back to rest., in tranquil mind, to reality of heart and feeling. desirous , gleamed white among the- shadows. Homo silver (Timid was drifting overhead. Hinnoono saw her go out from the room, and iMino pursuing her steps. It seemed impossible In avoid Do Horn, wrongly followed her along the twilight path. " Why do you sure (2 she cried, exasperated, " do you not see that I would avoid you f" " Why do I come said De- Horn. " Madam, I have much to say to you. My happiness, my liberty, my life are in your hands. I IM we find news to-night mays that overwhelms not am in dire disgrace.- My estate and my life may so far failed. You alone can save me, save me from despair." Angelica turned her wondering looks. She saw he was in use must ; he locked ghostly', "The (Jileen would listen to you," he cried. " Did jam not see the Princess smile as she gave you her Majesty's message and summons to Windsor ¡ Their influence would save me," he lopi'iiUd. " Indeed I will do anything '.' faltered Angelica greatly moved ; " but you overrate, you can rely mistake." "I do not overrate anything," he said, approaching li is anxious face to hers and through the dim twilight his great black eyes gleamed, and, as the light increased, HIIU saw more plainly the lines of care and almost terror in his face. Thou, before she could prevent him, he fell upon his knees and caught hold of her skirts with his two hands as he spoke. " You have influence upon all whom you ap proved ; you could obtain grace for your. lius blind," he cried, " if not for me. 0 Angel, be that which you are, a generous and noble hearted woman. Give me my life ! I love you to distraction, you see it, you know it. If you have no womanly feeling, one pitiful thought for a wretch in torment, you could save me, you. alone," And he struck his breast and burst into an old spasm of tears, "Oh! no, no," said Angel, doubting, not knowing how to answer, how to escape. He went on p.uisioiiiitoly entreating, and she bewildered, excited, lot Illili go mt, listened with rising agitation, mulled on she listened, grew Interested against her own conviction, and suddenly, the spoil of the moment, the passionate politics, her own yielding nature, all overcame her ; some wave seemed to flow over her head, and it seemed to her as if it was no new thing ; but as if that voice had been pleading and pleading from the very beginning of life, as if all her coldness and indifference wore cruelty and selfishness, and as if none conviction had come to her, that he Mimi be saved at any price, he alone must save him. Suddenly, very quietly, she yielded, agreed to ,_ ^ everything. She would meet him next day at the little Catholic chapel out of Manchester Square. He could hardly believe it is shospoke, hardly believe that his price was so easily won She would keep the sea at, and as she said SO he seized her hand and kissed it again and again. If anyone were to suspect his marriage-such were the laws of Sweden, Do Horn assured her he would be immediately carried on", him passed perhaps for life ; " but you, my treasure, my Angel nt deliverable, under the shadow of your pure wings I shall be safe' He turned again overpowered, and for a moment Angelica, lost courage. But she made no opposition, when Do Horn seized her hand, and pulled Lady WAS little ring off her finger. ? ' "This is a, pledge of your truth and goodness j you dare not fail me now." Though his words, were harsh, his looks were melting ; they seemed k to appeal to her very heart. She could not I speak, but about her head in assent. When she y looked up Do Horn was hastily escaping along a. 'I shadowy path for one instant he stopped and I pointed towards the house from whence it whole, stream of dancers now issued. The sun rose over the houses, a glittering stream of gold fell upon Angelica in her silver dress. As she turned to most the company she seemed on fire, advancing radiant and oxcitfcdJL How much are omens worth 1 Poor Angel I Hitherto people had reproached her with lightness of nature. Honcofariyard the bordering life lay heavy enough to satisfy her most envious detractors. ? 