MY FIRST ATTEMPT AT POETRY. It was not a success. Decidedly not. Now, I always had a genius for poetry. My broad expanse of forehead, smooth and white as alabaster — save where it was dotted by an obtrusive pimple — my sad-like, melancholy countenance — "like a camel," one young lady had said it was ; my mild, but deep blue eye — " fishy," a friend had laconically called it, (but I may state here that his censures are as chaff to the winds') ; my gait, my carriage, my whole, betokened germs of genius of great depth and ardour, which only awaited the opportunity to burst out into a roaring conflagration, seeking whom it might devour, in its might and majesty. Why, even the way I carried my umbrella denoted an unfathomable depth of thought. Why, my nurse said I cried differently to other children (louder I suppose she meant) ; and I felt that I was a poet, and I determined I would delay no longer to leap into the fame which I contemplated. There was a young lady who served at the " Dooem" restaurant, of whom I was an ardent admirer. She seemed to me to be a misty vision of sweetness, good ness, purity, nobility, and back hair, ever looming and bearing down on me, raising me up high — out of sight — with a smile, or sinking me down, down ever so far, with a repellant word, overwhelming me at once like a whirlwind, bearing me off afar on the zephyrs of her fasci nation, until in my unconscious delight I had " shouted " for the company present, and had myself imbibed more than I could steer under with grace. Her I determined to make the subject of my muse. Ah, thought I, I will cause her to know I am something more than a mere man — a moving machine, who eats, sleeps, and gets drunk, and goes to office " ad infinitum /" I will dimly shadow forth — ah, good bit, that— make a note of it, will do for a line somewhere ; dimly— shadow — f-o-r-t-h forth — those sparks, those effusions, those rare bursts of eloquence which characterise a great soul ! And then — but I anticipate. I will begin at once. Then a difficulty arose as to what style was my style. I felt persuaded that the sad and tragic muse was even my own; but then, what if she should melt into tears? No, that would not do. Comic ? Pshaw ! beneath my notice. Classical ? no ; too learned, much. I finally took up a style of my own, a sort of composite order of things. At midnight — I felt that midnight was the proper time for that sort of thing — I sat me down and waited for the poetic effusions to " crowd." But they didn't ; so I read, and read Byron, and Milton, and Mark Twain, until my brain was one frantic whirl of vampires, kings, heathen Chinees, ghosts, pint pots and corns whirling round and round with lightning rapidity through the mazes of my head. I didn't write any that night ; I went to bed. The following night I got on better. I chewed the pencil-ends until I was surrounded with about enough chips to keep a family in firewood for a month ; but, at last, like a flash, shot a bright thought through me, and I knew I rivalled the greatest literary men of the era. I dedicated my labour thus To «. j thought it best not to mention names because it would seem more airy-like, and the great poets seldom did so. I began — " O maiden fair ! that golden hair !" (only her hair wasn't golden, but it didn't matter), I went on — " O what a soul looks out of your dark eye !" Could I but win that heart so rare, Oh, happy — -happy then I'd be !" So far so well. I thought it best to put in lots of " Ohs " ; they would sound so like sighs of ana overburdened bosom. I waded into my second verse. " Oh, resplendent figure ! graceful neck ! Oh, lovely, fairest, form divine ! Oh, look up and only smile on me, Oh, the secret-dimly-shadow-forth of mine !" I glanced over this to see if the metre was all correct, &e;,, and con tinued — " Thou walk'st in beauty like the night, Oh, rave of thy loveliness ever could I ; Oh, maiden fair think not it " outre Oh, know sweet form my heart is thine !" That " outrd," soliquised I, is a good thought. It shows that I am acquainted with the foreign languages, have travelled ; yet without offensively intruding my knowledge on others. She cannot but appreciate it. I shall be a hero ; one to look up to and revere. Men will " shout " for me. I shall get " tick " at her bar ! I folded it up carefully and put it in a scented envelope, dressed myself carefully in my black coat of sporting cut , light breeches and blue neck-tie loosely tied of course — all poets tie their neckties loosely— and buying a penny cigar I lit it just outside the hotel and sauntered gaily in. "Hullo, Tulby" said my divinity, wiping out a pint pot. " Ain't you well ?" was her next question. Isaid, "No," and dropped some dark hints about consumption marking me for its own. She said, " I thought there was something wrong ; why, you look as if you'd been on the booze for the last fortnight!" I made known the state of my feelings in a "sotto" voice, and having ordered a pint of beer, awaited the climax. It came. She looked at the paper a second or two, burst into a fit of laughter, and disappeared behind the bar. More laughter — male voices — dim consciousness of some one reading the effusions of my heart aloud to others. More laughter- — cannot remember how I got away. They took my verses — those verses which I had persuaded myself would shine with a meteor glow unquenched — and pasted them up in the bar "pro bono publico ," with my signature, all flourishes, at the foot thereof. And some one more funny than the others, wrote underneath them, " Sacred to the memory of one who loved not wisely but too well." I did not go in for any more poetry. 