Facts and Fancies. Cupid Conquered. John Lyly. CUPID and my Campaspe played At cards for kisses, Cupid paid; He stakes his quiver, bow and arrows, His mother's doves, and team of sparrows, Loses them, too, and tiien ho throws The ooral of his lips, the rose' Growing on his oheek (bat none know* how), With these the crystal of his brow, And then the dimples of his chin ; All these did my Oainpaspe win. At last he set her both his eyes; ■ She won, and Cupid blind did rise. O Love, baa abe done thia to thee 1 What ahall, alaa, become of me? —. " What can't be cured must be Bold fresh," fa what they say in Porkopoli*. "Makktnd," once said a preacher, "mankind includes women, for man embraces woman." The New Orleans Bulletin says Brigham Young has sufficiently recovered to sit up and get married occasionally. A womah lecturer says that man's inhumanity to man cannot compare in severity with woman's " inhuwomanity" to woman. V^HEN a Chicago man gets rich he writes to Eastern publishing houses and tells them to send " half a ton of books with gilt on." These are bustling Times, said John Henry's wife, as she wrapped up one of our papers lor some mysterious use.— Cincinnati Tima. " How does your brother get on in New York, Parker?" "Very well, indeed, ma'am, thank you. He's-only there three months, and he's al ready beginning to speak the language beauti ful!" The ghost of Noah Webster came to a spiritual medium in Alabama, not long since, and wrote on a slip of paper, "It is tite times." Noah was right, but we are sorry to Bee that he has gone back on bis dictionary. The Coffeyville (Kan.) Courier has become dis gusted with the frequent shooting on the streets, and asks the question, " Where is our City Mar shall f" To which his Independence contempo rary replies, "At Ottowa, in gaoL" The deliberations of the Bachelors' dub were brought to a sudden and ignominious conclusion the other night, in consequence of the discovery of a hair-pin clinging confidingly to the coat collar of the President. "Ma," said a five-year-old, "why do pa put his arm around your waist ?" " What nonsense, child." "Oh, do tell, ma!" " Well, because he loves me." " Then pa must love Mary." " Why, my dear?" " I saw pa put his arm around Mary waist one day when I was in the nursery." Mary has advertised for a situation. A popular old ballad (stiys the Pall Mall Qazttte), after a reference to " needles and pins," assures us that " with matrimony our sorrow begins." Such certainly appears to be the case in Bulgaria, where, on tbe 24th ultimo, an un fortunate incident, or rather a series of un fortunate incidents, considerably marred the enjoyment of what ought to have been a wedding. It seems that a railway engineer, M. Simon, living at Shumla, was to have been married on that day to a young Bulgarian lady, with the full approbation of her relatives. The bride groom and his friends assembled at the house of the bride, where a Bulgarian priest was to unite the happy couple. The priest, however, never arrivea, but several groups of young Bulgarians assembled outside the bouse, under the instigation of two schoolmasters, to prevent the marriage, as M. Simon waa a French Catholic. After waiting until 4 o'clock in the afternoon for the priest, the bridegroom and his party made up their minds to return borne. On leaving the house, however, they were greeted with a Bhower of atones and tales; and, after being severely illtreated, only escaped by leaving a number of their coats and hats in the hands of their assailants. The Bulgarians then smashed the windows of the house in which the bridal party had taken refuge, burst open the street door, and would have committed further acts of violence but for the timely arrival on the scene of a strong body of infantry under command of Yaver Mahomet Pasha, who com mands the troops. The rioters, having refused to separate, were charged at the point of the bayonet, and several of them were wounded. About a hundred Bulgarians have been arrested, and the French and Belgian consuls had, by latest accounts, arrived from Rustchuk to tabs part in an enquiry into Urn matter. 