WaIraccana 0 or ltCEcnOc6.'.-Tho most successful owners of racehorses during the past season wore Lord b'almonth and M Mr. Laundo," who are each credited with winnings ol more than £15,000. Lord Falmouth tias been placed at the heod of the list by the victory of Atlantic in thie Two Thousand Gulnacs and the unprecedented success of Isis two-year-lds, all of whicrl contributed something to his winning score. "M r. Lunde," of course, owes hin success mainly to the triumplis of Apology in the Oao Thousand Guineas, the Oabs, the Coronation Stakes, and the St. Leger; but loly Friar, having sccured sin out of acven prizes, helped to swell the amount by over £2000. M. Lcfesre's hlorses were second or third for most of the important events of the season, none of which foll to his share, but lie is, nverrtheless, credited with £14,624, which tias been earned by his numerous representatises in the many sweepstakes and minor handicaps wlhere they formed a considerable proportion of the entries. Though the amount won seems at first sight large, it will defray but a very smell part of tle espenses of tho stable, und does not represent nearly so solid a suoeess as that which Lord Falmouth and " Mr. Launde" hare achieved witll their limited studs, nor even as that to which Slr. Cartwright can lay claim. Tie latter gentleman, with a stud oven smaller than hint of Lord Falmouth, hlis won more than £8000, of which £6000 represents George Frederiek's virtories in Tewmarket Slakeos and the Epsom Derby. Mr. Vyner, thanks to the prowess of Camballo, stands Sifth on the list with a total of £7671 , and Mr. Savile, with lKaiser, Lillien, and lique tis woSa £5950, or £120 more than Mr. Chaplin, whoso chief success ties been witll his two-year-old ; Str. Stirling Crawford, not having a Two Thousand Guineas placed to his credit this year, does tiot occupy so good a pocition as lie did last year, but the victories of Gong Forward, Roals George, Wild Styrlto, and Craig Slillar keep him in the front rank; and ho has a larger total than his racing associate, Lord Ailesbury, who hlas been very fortunate with Arcnturi~re. Count do Lagrango is credited wn-illt £4525, and this amount ought, per haps, to be added to Sf. Lefbvre's total, in whicrl case the French stable would stand at the head of the list, thlougli oven tnicia thie balance of profit and loss would h? very much on the wrong side. Cajtain iMacholl htas won £8930, which is a trifle more than that scoured by Lord Lonsdaloe, whose horses are trained under his suporeision. Prince Batthyany, generally very uufor tunate,:hss done better than usual this season, as with Galopin he has won more than £8000; while Prinee SoltykolF stands higher in the list than he ever did hefore. Mr. Merry, who was almost first last year, nwing to the vitories of Doncastor and Marie Stowaft, never won so little as be has this season, and he is just eut-distnoned by his old trainer, Mr. Matthew Dnwsen, who has carried oel a great many races with Thundor. Lily Agnes has earned £1920 for Mr. Snarry, and Sir Frederick Johnstone is the last of the sixty-flre " win ning owners" whose gains are over a thousand pounds. -Poll Mall Gaarele. Trn BURNINGo Sncxenos.--A late English paper, probthly copying from an American, steted that "a west singular and unaceountnble disease, commonly known nas the 'hbrning sickanss' has broken out in Tlalenango, Mexico, and already has spread to many aeighaouring villages and cities. The doetora are at a loss how to deal with the trouble, and the priests tiara their hands full. The disease seems to be an unusual discharge of nerve force into the brain. The symptoms are sudden nausea, followed immediately by severn and saharp pain along the spine, proceeding from its lower entremity to the head, and described as feeling as though a blunt knife was scraping upward. There is then--when the pain reaches the back of the head-a sharp and poignant distress there which makes the patient delirious, althougli it never produced nn consciousness or loss of the right use of the senses. The eyes are bloodshot and wild, witll pupils greatly contracted. The sensitiveenestolight is intense, so that even in paroxyams of eacruciating agony the patient will rise nod scek a dark place. This slate lasts not commonly more than from thirty to forty minutes, during which the patient feels as though his head wcer splitting ; and when this condition has lasted half-an hour the cranium is actually burst at the autures, as is semctimee the case with infants whoso heads split thus after death from water on the brain. The sound pro duced by this rendiog asunder of tlte bones olthe skull can plainly be heard fully ten feet from the patient. It is said that in some instanees the disruptien is eR tremely sudden, and accompanied with a noise still louder. This occurs, too, at a moment when the suf ferer is in full censcionauess, and it is most terrible to witness. About 300 persons-generatly adults-have already died of it, and it is yet spreading." Fe?anFe DcoTeI FRBO A CAT'S BIel.--Some days ago we had notice (says an Annerincan paper) of a California boy, bitten by a wild eat, oxhibitad an en ceptional form of insanity. Ho was esined with an irresistible desire to murder grown people and eat babies, but he was cnught and put in gaol for safety tefore ha had an opportunity to till anybody or dine off the longed-for dish. The people celled him "the wild cat hey," and the doctors said it was reldiafelina. His death has not yet been reported. Now tlhere comes an arcount from Ohicogo of the deash of a boy aced fourteen, who hlad been bitten by a domestic cat. the cat belonged to a neighbour, and had come into the ouase where the toy lived and killed a kitten. Tile boy, enraged at the cat's act, caught it round the neck with his hands, and was ehoaking the animal when it turned and bit him slightly on the hand. The wound soon healed, and nothing more was thought of the matter, either ty the boy or his family. A few days ago he was seieed with a soreness in the arm of the bitten hland and a nervous restlessness. He also had some fever, snd his threat became swollen and inflamed. A doctor was called in, who thought le understood the symptoms, and administered medicine eccordingly. Tbe patient became rapidly worse and unable to swallow water or anything else. Attempte to swallow water to quench toe burning thirst which hle felt threw him into violent spasms. He died with. out even thinking of the bite as the cause of his illness. There was therefore no imagination about that, and a conasultation of physicians pronounced the disease hydrophobia. The cat is still running about in perfeat healtI, and ifit so continues, tie incident will farnish piroof thnat hydrophobia may result from the bite ofa healthy animal without any aid whatever from the huania imagination. CESUrs o TND.ra.-Tho Indian oensus of 1871-72 5ays thue Al/neewu, seems to be likely to prose of greater comparative imlportanco thtan was expected. Etlhoologists and geographers will be especially con cerned to learn that one of the pet theories of moot of their number is likely to be upset. To state the m?ater reeghly,--ahat if India, and not China, be found to be the meet populous country in the globe ? The authorities of the India Office have ascertained, from a careful rxaminatioei of the whole of the results of the late Indian census, that the population of India is not less tlhan 283,000,000. flut they are ofopinion Ihat if it were possible to obtain a perfectly aceurate census of thle inhabitants of the whole of the lirotected States, of the hill and forest tribes, and of the tribes of the eastern frontier and the Sub-?imelayas, the lotul population of our Indian Empire would aeotually amouet to nat less than 200,000,000! St will be re memberod tmat, a few years ago, the "one hundred and eighty millions of our Indin subjects" used to be spoken of, end latterly this has given place to the more liberal estimate of "two hundred milliona." And now, it appears that we must talk of two hundred and eighty millions at least, whleo we speak of the population of India, if we wish to be even approci. mately accuate. But this is not all A few years ago it used to be stated that the population of Cbhina amounted to 500,000,000. At the present time it in generally reckoned at 400,000,000. But there has been no census of China, and there has beon of the grenter part of India. Indeed thero are many roasona for the growing opinions of some that, after all, the population of hllina may be found iot to amouint lo more thans 300,000,000. And if. ao, what then P May we not possiblhy dud that India is as thickly populated as the Celestial Empire itaelif? In view of such a question being enomined, it is a patent fact that tile recet census of India is of unique compara tire interest. "BDlteo."--TtIne wlho lhare surCesfoully studied t11e physiolecy of intoxieatiou can tell tthe particular liquor with whicrl the drunkard slakes mis unnatural thirst. Their eyes detect whether his weakness is for thle conquering wine which, as Antony says, steeps the mmnso in soft and delicate Lethl; for tihe gin, which soddens mind and body; or for the brandy, under the influence of which face and brain grow fiery. It is lucky, however, both for tllose who are habitual drunasbrds, and those who maintain sobriety, that our resident medical men Itare not oceasion to investigate tie prolprtics and effcete of " bhang." A more ter rible brow than this the unnivilised world does not appear to hase disrovered ; and if the growing art, which continually finds methods to add to its strength, progresses, the superior varieties of bhang will mc terially increase the inhabitants of lunatic asylums in the Indian Empire. To a man debauched by this villainous extract, a puddle in the road assumes the proportions of a lake, a straw looks tbe size of a tree, and a dog increases to the stature of an elephant. Tilu insensibility which supervenes on intoxication is intense. A correspoedeot of the Timee states tiat he fired six barrels of a revolver above the head of a man drunk will; bhlnog, and that the explosions had no effect whatoverupnnhim. The slowand poinfulrecovery is the worst part of the whole bosinees. It is said that thle prisoner arrested as Nuna fahib is not that utter ruolfan, but a miserable wretch whose mind was wander ing under the influence oh the potent spirit, and there are few dclusioiss into which bhang might not lead a man. Sir Wilfrid Lawson may peretaps draw some eoisolation from tbe fact that, though we are very bad indeed, we might be woreo.-- Slatdard. JACKr Aamonn--A MAD FaenK.--Tho London Echo saye:--" The frolics of Jack ashore have often been described by nautical novelists; and sometimes the inhabitants of our seaport towns have ocular demon atration ofhlls tendency to gambol. In Linden Jeeb beeps pretty well to the neighbourhnods of ftadwell and WTepping, though occasionally we catch a glimpse of him in a Ihansom or on the roof of a four-wheeled cab; but in such a town as Portsmouth, or Liverpool, or Groenock-cspecially if thie Channel Fleet be near -ho not unfrequently astenislhes quiet land-folbe. He is not averse to putting himself in peril for ths amusement of his nleiglhbours; as those know who have seon some twenty or thirty tars in a tialtrso deliberately begin to descend from the top gallery, by means of gasbrackets and galleries, to join their com rades in thie pit. Bat what is this feat compared with; that of the sailtr who, in order to save a railway fare, slung himself thje other day below a carriage, and traveiled so all the way from Londoa to Rugby by an cxpress P The madness of this exploit seems not even yet to hbon occurred to Jack, who, on beisig taken up asld punished with asinall flue, admlitted that tite ride had not been a comfortable one. No one, we dare alfirm, would have believed it posnible beforehand that such a thing could Itave been donr without accident; aild an accident iu such a ease would, in all likelihood, arove proved fatal. Say, for example, that a heap of snow or heap of geavel had boon left between the callo-as it often is--just high enough to catch any portion of this madman's body or attire: to be dis lodged from his dangerous perch with an ecpress train rushig overc him would almost certainly have meaun death." A mo.See? Len Sm0n.-The following love story, which is contained in an application made by the Governor of Heanan, appears in the Pekin Gaelete: A" A young graduate named Hwang Shih-tsun was betrothed to a girl, the daughter of one Hang Vueh lang, who from her earliest childhood had manifested an antiring readiness to listen to narratives of sell eaeritcing devotion. Herparente having died in 1869, when she was bat eleven years of age, she was taken into the family of her betrothed, being otherwise unpro vided for, and gained by her filial conduct the entire affeotion of her adoptive grandparents end parents. Last year the betrothed bridegroom foll ill, and died after four months' illness, during which time he was nursed moat easeiduously by the young girl and his mother. She clung after his decease to his remains, declaring in her grief that she would no longer live; hut her parents by adoption, touched with pity for her young years, she being not yet fifteen yearn old, bade her not to put on mourning, and would have be trothed her to some other husband. She declared, how ever, that having entered thie family of Hwang, she would not be justified in concluding another marriage, ,nd, cutting oe l loa k of her air, she laid it in the de esased's coffin in token of ter resolve. After this she swooned away repeatedly. In admiration and wonder the relatives allowed her to follow the bent of her deter mination, end she accordingly puton tile widow's garb and attended the placing of deceased's tablet in the ancestral temple, being thus admitted as bride to the preoeono of his forefathers. She thus devoted herself to an unwedded life, awaiting the time when she shall adopt en heir for the departed one. The governor entols, in set phraseology, the virtuous devotion of the young lady in question, the same having been duly attested under seal by the district magistrate, and ha applies for a mark of imperial approbation in the esual manner. A memorial tablet was authoried." The popularity of Tennyson has been unrivalled mince the days of Scott, Byron, and Moore. He took Cambridge by storm with his wonderful prioe poem on "Timbucteo," the first ever written in blank verse. To blank verse he has adhered with great fidelity ever since; and he modulates it very sweetly, if with some monoteny. The variety of Shakespeare, the majesty of Miltoan, the melodious play of Sheley, whore the mnsic comes through the words like light through the leaves of a summer-foliaged wood, sre all equally be yond him; but for elaborate workmansnlip, wherein every word is put in its place like gems in a mosaie, he is without a rival. Among the Latin poets, he is moot comparable to Virgil; and indeed the imaginary hero of his " Idylls," the" blameless king" has a strong family likeness to "BPis AJEteae." It is rather to be regretted, for Mr. Tennyson's sake, that he has not nsed other forms of rhythm more freely. Without absolutely endorsing Byron's otetemeont- "Prose-poets like blank verse: I write in rhyme. Good workmen never quarrel with their tools."- it is certain that the greatest master of blank verse would increase his mastery by writing a few thousand Spenserian stanzas, even if he never pubhishcnd them. Byron's blank verse is generally harsh, and the Spen serian taeza of" Chibde Harold" in too monotonous in the Cmsurot of its ABleandrinee; but he was very suecessful with the atlaua rime of" Pulci and Ariosto." That is the metre in which Mr. Tennyson should have written "The Princeso," which is, on the whole, his most auccesasf- work.-lforlimer Collinr. An Irish ghost story has generally something to do with the tansiee, or desth- warner, but a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wilds of Kerry the other day is sufficiently thrilling, althtoagh the apparition concerned had no hereditary standing. It seems that a women residing st Glenflash received a call from the spirit of her husband, a" man of the farming class, dressed in a shrond and white stockings and gloves." The farmer its white gloves stated that sincesil, death, some months, back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on accosnt of owing a sum of £15 to friends of his, and begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a few days if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumetances of the nase, and this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Mickey Free, who may be re, mombered by thereadorsof "Charles O'Malley." When the ghost in complete burial costume arrived for the hanok.note he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to be a mere pre tender, playing s part, who will hare to answer for his misoonduet before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion its whtich this roges tried to impose on tile simple widow. The shroud, the stockings, end, abore all, the gloves, were at once reoognised by the poor woman as tise nest fit6ing garments for tier husband, as they were the last in which shc had seen him. If he had presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and norduroys, she might have wondered how he contrived to prncure a change of working'clotlhes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who have some difficulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glenflask ghost has not solved the problem, bot his rigid adherence to charnel properties onght to be a lesson to those who represent spirits in shootingeosts or walking dresses. Foottto WITE A B?an.-The captain of the pro' poller Benton, in winter quarters at the foot of G'ri- wold.strct, has a half-grown bear on board, and the animal has been annoyed so much that he does not hesitate to use Isio claws whenever occasion offers. Saturday morning a lanky stranger from Sandusky happened to pass along the wharf and saw the bear in the gangway. He stopped and began teasing the bear, and by.ondby tile coptain said, "Look out, mister, or you'll get dreadfully tielled." "I guess I've soon hears asore now 1" replied the man, indig nently, and lie kept on cuffiog tile bear, spitting at him, making false motions, &e.; Finally, when abeut ready to leaoe, Iso thought he would scare Bruin by pretending to throw a waterepail at him. The force of the false blow threw Sondusky off his feet, and he rolled down to the bear. Bruin uttered one growl and went to business, and the way the breadcloth, suspenders, and white-and-red shirt flew was hand. some to behold. "Call off" yer b'ar-thelpl policeo police I" yelled Sondusky ; but thle police were far, far hence, ond the captain hlas a lame foot and can't get around very fast. The whole back of the man's coat made only one mouthful for the bear, and he wao not n minute in getting down to hide and blood. "Oh ! oh! Marey-whoop-grseioas--otop-ycip yeil" howled the man ak se rolled around the deck ; and tile bear wosld have been playing with him yet but for the captain and a handspike. When San. dusky was hauled oat of the way and jerked to his feet lie was all blood and rags and bites and scratches. " Didn't I toll yoo not to fool withi the besn I" asked the naptain, as he stood back and surveyed tile man. ' Yes, capting, you did," replied Sendusty; "and the nent tling is to lend me an army blanket and show me n first-class hospitall"--Detroi .Free irens. "ITs o' ace Hn WaceceTS ; cT'a cn Poucn."-A story goes that in iterth there lived a spinster who coeld count as many golden guineas es evor " Tibbie Fowler" could. Beside this spinster there also lived a bachlelor of somewhat parsimonious habits, and pasn sionately fond of the yellow "Geordies." After tle. necessary quantity of "billing and cooing," this pair agreed to get married. lit souch was the bachelor's love for gold, that thle day before the marriage, when chuckling over his good fortane, he could not soppres. his insatiable desire from some of his neighbours, who immediately went and informed his intended spouse. Upon repairing to the church, Mr. Hewit, ttie clergy man, after having gone thtrough tite usual prelimlnaries and forms, requested them to join hands; but what was tile astonishment of both clergyman and company, to seo ttie bride offer the bridegroom her pocket instead of tier heand. Thinking there might be seome mis elnderestanding, Mr. Hewit again requested them to join hands, but this, as well ns a third request, met with tile same pantomimic reply. Mr. Howit was at last under the necessity of asking for an eplanoation, to which the bride at once replied--" It's no me lie wants; it's the pouch. He can marry it if Its liken, but he'll never marry me ;" upon which she slowly eurtseyod, turned nimbly on her heel, and left the as tonished and bewildered bridegroom storing with out shot eyes and open maoulh; and we coo fancy to our selves, ecclaiming in language something akin to that of titt Scotch bkilie's--"lMy conscicleooo buttho women are strange customers P" liche TwaeN uiar B? tuszciAzNs.--It is a subject of genserl remark among druggisto that no medicine introduced in Austealia hlas met witts so large a sale as lAfeslot'e Iirzard Oil. Posseising sueli healing and curative qualities, this great. Americn remedy has a wide range of application and usoeulnoes. It far exceeds the ecpocletion of the most sanguine, eliciting tile loudest praise, and makes permanent liv ing advertising mediums of oll who use it. Composed eutirely of healing gums, vegotable oils, and herbs, Weaton's Wizard Oil is pronounced by all--" A balm for every wound," "scure for every ill." Thirty pence at all druggiate.--[ACvt.) 88 