APPALLING SUICIDE. (From tke Age, December, 18, 1875.) A brothel in Little Flinders street was, on Friday evening, 16th inst, about dusk, the scene of a most horrible case of suicide; the victim being a native of Dantzic, named Maurice John Macke- witz, aged 42 years. About twelve months ago, a young woman named Alice Buckley was rescued from drowning near Prince's Bridge by the efforts of two men, who saw her imminent danger and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, but the other succeeded in bringing the girl safely to land. The possessed con- siderable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain repute, several persons took an interest in her, and amongst them the unfortunate man who yesterday blew his brains out. He ap- pears to have been an industrious and re- spectable individual, and having made the acquaintance of Buckley, he at once proposed marriage to her. She consented, and the ceremony was duly performed. With the means they had at command, the married couple took the Empire Hotel at Hotham, and carried onl business there for some time, but not with the satisfactory result that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and with what they could save fram the wreck they took another hotel named the British Lion. This also failed, and about a week ago they resigned the business and sepa- rated, the woman going to live in a cottage in Flinders lane, where the tragedy occurred, the deceased inti- mating his intention of going up country to look for employment. The deceased was prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill- treated his wife. At the time she left him he was quite aware of her purpose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith with her in this respect until Friday morn- ing, when, about ten o'clock, he called at the cottage in Flinders lane, where Buckley lived. The house is one of a range of four, between Russell and Stephen streets, and consists of a front parlor and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to to the rear, where tlhe ostensible lady of the house and her children slept. One of the youngsters opened the door when deceased knocked, and in ac- cordance with directions, informed Buckley, who was then in bed with a man in the back room, that "a gentle- man wanted to see her." She, not knowing who it was that inquired for her, sent out word for him to call again. The message having been con- veyed to Mackewitz, he left, stating that he would return about one o'clock. The woman seemed to be aware of who the visitor was, and accordingly was prepared for him at the hour named. Punctually to promise he arrived. He seemed troubled and ill- tempered, and without saying any- thing entered the parlor and took his seat upon a sofa. Buckley approached him in a friendly manner, and, placing her hand upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to the country. He said that he intended starting on the fol- lowing day, and asked her if she had got any money. She opened her purse and handed him a sovereign. Some conversation ensued as to what he purposed doing with the money. He replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and he wanted to release them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This satisfied her, and, on apparently friendly terms, he rose to take his departure. When at the hall door he stopped, and turning round he said, in tones that indicated determination, "I shall return this evening at six o'clock, without fail. Mind I am determined to see you, and therefore do not fail me:" She said'"All right," and he then went away. Shortly after the hour named he knocked at the door, nd there being at the time no one else but herself in the house she gave him admission. They both proceeded to the a bedroom, and she, in the first instance, suggested that she should return him the pawn tickets of his clothes and other articles which she had in her possession. His manner was abstracted, and the expression of his eyes was wild and revengeful; but she took no particular notice of this until he leaned over and struck her in the face, at the same time throwing a quantity of silver on the floor. This sent her reeling against the bed, on to which he pressed her, leaning over, and holding her down with a sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of his fingers and addressing her said, " Do you see that. That is a ring, com- posed of your hair." He at the same time drew from his pocket a small pistol, which he showed her. The woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. The next moment she heard a report and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and, on returning to consciousness, she found herself lying on the bed and the room in darkness. She rose and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly dis- figured, lying on the floor beside the bed. She rushed to the door, and in doing so had to stumble over the corpse, and cried for help. Distur- bances are unfortunately not rarities in such places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm. She succeeded after a time in escaping from the room, and then screaming like a woman de- ranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted atten- tion, and several of the neighbors burst in, when they found the unfortunate woman leaning over and caressing the blood-stained corpse. A more sicken- ing sight could hardly be imagined than was presented by the body. The deceased appeared a large man with somewhat regular and rather pre- possessing features. He, in commit- ting the act, had placed the muzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. The bullet took an upward direction, traversing the left cheek and carrying away or splintering in fragments the entire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving an aperture tlhrough which the lacerated brains exuded, falling in a mass upon the floor. Death, in its most revolting form, must have been intstantaneous, and it was with difficulty the woman could be dragged from the chamber. The spectacle presented was truly terrible. Stretched at full length, and filling up the greater por- tion of the vacant space in the room, was the body, the face and upper por- tion covered with blood that still trickled to the floor and added to the ensanguined pool in which the head lay partly buried. The bed, with its elegant hangings all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture and pictures of women decolletees, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of immorality and crime that, happily, are rarely witnessed amongst us. Beside the body was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched man had premedi- tated suicide from motives of jealousy. The letter, which is appended, adds, if possible, a deeper and more ghastly shade to the affair, and shows that the man must have been goaded to commit the act while in a sort of frenzy. It is as follows:—" 17th December, 1875. —I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to-day, some way. My wife left me last week, through the interference of the follow- ing woman and man. The man she is living with in a brothel, named Polly Rosa Johnston, Louisa Felony, Mrs. Lambert, all in Flinders lane, and the French w—— living next Sargood and Co., Flinders street. Prostitution is the best most successful carried on under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr Croyele the brewer, of the Royal Mint Brewery, for being so kind after shwitaling me of money some time ago to pay my wife £3 to sleep with her Iast Wednesday night, at the Belvedere Hotel, and Mr. Hennety for trying to do the same. I don't sign my name; it will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intend to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcass that she always may remember me in that beautiful life she and her companion are leeding, and may the course of God be on here, that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive her to madness and the worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, and found a man in bed with her. I paid 4s, for a pistol in Cleland's. I returned the rest to her, after paying for powder and shott . I see her at 6 o'clock my wedding alay and my burial. I wish to be burried with the lock of hair in my finger. After my body is removed I hope some of your clever detectives or it policemen will go to bed with her and it smell my blood. I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some money the first and last to buy a pistol and return to her, take her in my arms and scatter my brains over her cursed carcas.—Amen. N.B.—My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her brother is an old policeman living in Dandenong. Oakley, Fern Tree Gully or Sale (Gippsland) at present, I believe. J.M.M. " Married 17th December, 1874. "Died by his own hand 17th do., ma 1875\. at "Order for a grave stone." 