THE PORT RAILWAY. 10 THE EDITOR. Sir—A public vote of thanks is due to you for the able article in which you recently ex posed railway mismanagement here. The more so, inasmuch as a mark of improvement; in the railway department has already sprung from your sharp interference. Officialdom is always liable to degenerate into that unhappy condition in whioh it is apt to regard the public as the sourae of all its trouble only, and not the provider of its bread and butter aho. Neither are officials safe from further fall when at this low level. They are apt to slip into a still lower state, in whioh they will be sure to mistake the relative impor tance of the letter and the spirit of their laws or rules,1 and the intention, too, of the institution to which they belong. This state of things does not Bpring up at once; but it creeps on and on until it is deemed quite the correct thing to sacrifice public convenience, safety, and even decency, to a routine inimical to convenient locomotion as a Chinese lady's boots. One more step downward and we arrive at official go-to-Jerichoism. This is generally as much of that sort of thing as John Bull wiU stand. Somebody then comes to the rescue. There is a. row. Parliament "goes in a hurrioane." An enormously costly " Com mittee of Enquiry" sits. The weakest, but not the worst, offender goes to the wall, and is heavily "sat upon," Then we are supposed to make a fresh start with all that is bad in the past, and goodness for ever before us; but only to find ourselves, after a brief clean flight, down in the mud where we werebefore. Perennial zeal requires perennial hope and fear as much as perpetual motion needs perpetual force. Happily in the present case the " 'Ouae" is not at '' one," so the country should esoape no end of expense, besides the infliction of 64 indignant speeches, resonant with "mangled limbs and dying groans, and widows' tears aud orphans' moans, and all the miseries which Bosh bestows to fill our carriages with human woes." Suoh costly and dismally tedious expe dients need not now be resorted to. The thing, which was almost as bad as it oould be, has been put almost right by a few strokes of your pen. Another touch or two, and it will do. More carriages when more are wanted; less when less will do. Tickets to be had when applied for, and to be available when presented —within a reasonable time of course—say a generation or two. If the railways which we make and use are to be paid for by posterity, Is it an unreasonable thing to give posterity the ghost of a chance of getting a hatful or two of paid up railway tiokets left in " somebody's luggage in the early days of the colony ?" Let these few necessary things be properly attended to, and I am sure that a forgiving public will readily pardon the past, and confide in the future, and be more glad than serry that toothsome lumps of official bread and butter may continue to have a good run of luck into the sym metrical forms ordained for them of old, in accordance with their own instincts and Pro fessor Tyndall's atomic theory. Would it not be well to let the matter rest here ? Your con temporary; I see, goes in for heavy damages, and suggests that the Engineer- in-Chief of South Australia should be promoted to be Traffic Manager in Adelaide, aud as if this were not left-handed compliment enough to meet the stern requirements of your contemporary's turn, It is further suggested to send the Engineer-in-Ohief of South Australia to every country and people under Heaven in order that he may discover to himself the astounding fact that when there are not enough of rail way carriages at a given place at a given time more, are there and then required! Your contemporary, I think, comes down too heavily upon our worthy KngineBr-in-Ohief in assuming as it does that as a matter of course it is not to be supposed at all, or imagined for a moment, that he -would be equal to the duties of an ordinary 'bus proprietor without first enlarging his mind by cramming it with all the railway stuff in the world. If "muddle" re sults from men and things being out of their proper places, perhaps it is unwise to over burthen Mr. Mais with mere routine work, which an ordinary clerk might do, as to inter fere unduly with the carrying out of the pro fessional duties of his office; but if so, is it quite clear that the Register'- would mend matters by taking him away from those pro fessional duties altogether, and making a Traffic Manager of him, and then taking him away ( from his traffio managing duties) and sending him everywhere in the wide world except where he is wanted and where he ought to be ? " Death and promotion" is an old-fashioned toast, and happy was deemed the oountry whose, army was most oapable of efficiently putting it in practice. If your contemporary is right, pro-, motion should go the other way now, and gaps in the ranks be filled up from the General's staff, and then those gaps be immediately opened up again by sending the said Generals out of the ranks on a voyage of discovery, during battle, to pick up new notions of soldiering in distant lands. The value of the principle of promotion recommended by your contemporary seems to ocnsist in its perfect safety, and this in the fact that it has never been tried before, is not tried anywhere now, and never will be tried in this world or in any other. Amen. I am, Sir, &o.;, ANON. 