VERBAL INSPIRATION. To tlie Editor of the Church of England Messenger. SIR ? I am one of those who, amidst the contusion and discord ot theological opinions which surround us on all sides at the present day, have been constrained for my own satisfaction to examine care fully and impartially the much-vexed question of Bible inspiration, and to try and determine for myself how far the popular theory of the verbal inspiration or literal infallibility of Holy Scripture is in accordance with known facts and the requirements of the sacred volume itself. And having arrived at the conclusion, as the result of my investigations, that this theory is untenable, I have not hesi tated honestly to express my opinion on fitting occasions, by which I have unhappily come to be regarded by men whom I esteem and respect, as 'unsound' in the Christian faith, and ' rationalistic' in my theology. Whether this charge brought against me, and those who think with me on this subject, be a just one or not depends entirely upon whether I have taken right or wrong views of certain facts which are within the knowledge of all biblical students, and which, so far as I know, are undisputed, relating to the history and composition of the inspired volume, and not at all upon the teaching of the articles and formularies of the church, which are entirely, and, I think, significantly silent on the subject of inspiration. I shall, therefore, be glad to be allowed, through your columns, to offer to those who differ from me, and those who agree with me, some justi fication of our rejection of this theory of verbal inspiration, and to ask them to bear with me in charity while I endeavour to explain the grounds of our non-belief in it ; at the same time declaring myself open to correction and conviction, if they can show me by fair argument, or by the production of sufficient authority, that lam wrong in the conclusion at which I have arrived, after much anxious thought and careful consideration. The theory of verbal inspiration of the Holy Scriptures I take to be this :— That from the first chapter of Genesis to the last of Revelations, every chapter, verse, and word, is directly inspired by the Holy Ghost ; that when Moses, David, and Isaiah, or Matthew, Paul, and Peter, and the other of the Old and New Testament authors, sat down to write their various histories, psalms, epistles, and gospels, the Holy Spirit of God dictated every word written therein, so that the idea of verbal mistakes, errors, or variations is absolutely excluded from their writings ; hence, that the Bible not only contains all the revelations which God has communi cated to man (which is an article of our faith), but that every sen tence is a divine revelation — so that the Old and New Testaments are to be regarded not merely as 'the Word of God,' taken as a whole, but as constituted of the very words of God only, without the admixture of any human element whatever. I think this is a fair and correct statement of the popular theory of verbal inspiration, Now, surely reason and justice demand that before we are required to accept this rigid and literal theory of Bible inspiration, at the . peril of being regarded as heterodox, we should satisfy ourselves that it is recommended to us by an authority which we cannot dis pute or question — the authority of God himself. Nothing short of this can reasonably be expected to convince us that every word written in the Hebrew and Christian Scriptures has been unerringly dictated by the Holy Ghost. And from the nature of the case it is obvious that we must look for this authority only in the sacred books themselves which are said to be thus verbally inspired. But it is an undeniable fact that not a single author of these writings has claimed either for his own composition, or the compositions of others, this verbal infallibility, and that Jesus Christ, the greatest authority of all, does not refer to it. The very most, therefore, that can be conceded by the opponents of the theory is that the Scriptures are entirely silent on the subject. This fact alone might well excite a suspicion that the doctrine of verbal inspiration was unknown to the writers of the Bible themselves, and to Him concerning whom that Bible prophesies and speaks. And this circumstance appears to me sufficient to warrant us, not indeed in discarding the theory in question as false, for in the absence of any statement to the contrary, it may be true, but sufficient to justify us in declining to accept it as a settled truth, without making ourselves obnoxious to the charge of rationalism and infidelity. But I maintain that there is abundant evidence relating to the his tory, character, and composition of the sacred books which place it beyond a doubt that they can lay no claim to verbal inspiration or literal infallibility. There are many incontrovertible facts which compel us, as reasonable men, to reject this theory ; and, as it has been aptly said by an eminent modern writer, ' God would have us take facts for lessons.' However desirable it may be in the abstract that there should be some standard of such infallibility, it is never theless a fact, that no such standard exists. The state of the copies of the Bible which are now extant convincingly prove that the theory of verbal or literal infallibilty will not bear examination and criticism, and if not, it cannot be the teaching of God himself. And, out of many others, I advance the following statements, which I believe to be unquestioned, and unquestion the facts in support of this proposition : — I. There does not exist in the world a single manuscript of any portion of the Old or New Testament which is an original autograph, consequently we have only copies or translations of the original. II. There is not a copy of the Bible existing which is transcribed from any one manuscript ; but all the Bibles we possess are made up of transcripts from many different manuscripts. III. The most ancient manuscripts from which our modern Bibles are compiled are all imperfect, and most of them only fragments. IV. No manuscript extant of the Old and New Testaments (Greek) which we possess was written earlier than the fourth century of the Christian era ; and no manuscript of the Old Testament (Hebrew) was written before the twelfth century after Christ. V. No two manuscripts either of the Hebrew or Greek Scriptures ver bally agree, and there is not one of them which cannot be demon strated to be verbally inaccurate. Now, from these facts, it follows that the very best and most complete Bible we have in the original tongues, is a compilation made by the industry and learning of unin spired men from many thousands of verbal and literal variations. The Bishop of Melbourne, in his lecture on the Bible, gives the num ber of the different readings at about 140,000. And if this be so, who can reasonably maintain that every word which is contained in our modern Bibles is literally infallible, and unerringly inspired by the Holy Ghost? I know that it may be said, as it is often said, that although we may not now possess any copy of the Scriptures which is verbally infallible, yet that the original writings, those transcribed by the authors' own hands, were so, and that they have in the course of ages been perverted from their original purity by uninspired and therefore fallible hands. But the answer to this is obvious. It is evident that we can only assert this on a bare assumption, having no facts to go upon but those which point .to a directly opposite conclu sion ; and even when so decided by assumption, what interest would it be to us to be told that others, some thousands of years ago, pos sessed that infallible verbal revelation which is lost to us for ever ? Moreover, it appears to us, to say the least, highly improbable that God would have granted so great a gift as that of absolute infalli bility or verbal accuracy to His Scriptures at the time when they were written, and have withdrawn it immediately afterwards, leaving to all future generations the ungracious and hopeless task of restoring them to their original integrity and perfection. But in order that we may see more clearly the force and value of the above facts in helping us to determine this question, it is very important to notice the testimony which our Lord himself bore to the authority of the Old Testament Scriptures. Undoubtedly on many and solemn occasions He paid great reverence to the Hebrew Scriptures as a whole. In His temptation in the wilderness, in His last agony, and on other occasions He quoted passages from it, and constantly referred to it as the Sacred Book of the Jews, the 'Oracles of God,' the authors of which spake and wrote of Him. He often expounded portions of the Old Testament, and ' It is written,' ' Have ye not read in the Scripture ?' ' What saith the Scripture ?' are words frequently on His lips, for the purpose of concluding an argument, rebutting an opponent, and silencing a gainsayer. But it is quite obvious that although Christ, from the repeated use He made of them, fully believed in the sacredness and substantial truth fulness of the Jewish Scriptures, yet He nowhere leads us to think that He regarded them as verbally and literally infallible. He treats them, as a whole, as the inspired 'Word of God,' but nowhere implies that they are entirely composed of the words of God — indeed, His treatment of those books seems to preclude the idea that He so regarded them, and in support of this view let me put in in evidence a few more facts as undisputed as the last. VI. That since the most ancient manuscript of the Hebrew Scrip tures we now possess is not older than the 12th century after Christ—. that is to say, was transcribed 1600 years after the latest of those books was originally written — it is quite possible that Christ had not access to any original autograph writings of the Old Testament, to which He could refer, or from the pages of which He could make quotations. VII. That when He did cite passages from the Old Testament, the quotations were made, not in Hebrew, its original tongue, nor in Greek, in which the evangelists wrote his history, but in the Aramaic or Syro-Ohaldaic Vernacular, and therefore was only a translation from the original. VIII. That our Lord did not often use the words of the Hebrew Scripture, but most frequently quoted from the Septuagint version, a Greek translation, which is acknowledged to be the least trust worthy and verbally faithful of all the translations of the Bible now extant. IX. That it is by no means certain when and by whom this transla tion of the Seventy was made ; whether it was translated in portions at different periods, or by the same authors at one time. X. That the Septuagint bears no internal evidence that it is a divine and. inspired translation. XI. That it greatly differs from the original Hebrew manuscripts, from which our English Bible is compiled, in many important par ticulars. (a.) In the Pentateuch, in more than a thousand places, the Sep tuagint follows the Samaritan and not the Hebrew text. (b.) In the Book of Job, some eight hundred sentences, or portions of sentences, which are found in the Hebrew, are omitted in the Sep tuagint. (c.) In many hundreds of places, the Septuagint is more a para phrase than a translation. (d.) The Septuagint version of the Book of Daniel has, by almost universal consent, been superseded by another, on account of its numberless errors. XII. That the authors of the New Testament wrote in Greek, whilst the Old Testament, from which they quoted, was' written in Hebrew ; and hence, in no case do they give us the original words but only a translation, often by themselves or others. XIII. That these quotations are far more often made from the Septuagint than translated accurately from the original Hebrew. XIV. That this imperfect translation of the Seventy they some times quote incorrectly, when it happens to agree with the Hebrew text. XV. That many of their quotations do not agree in substance, either with the Hebrew or the Septuagint. XVI. That the various writers of the New Testament quote the same passages from the Old, with verbal differences, so that in some cases not one of them follows accurately either the Septuagint or the Hebrew. XVII. Some passages are apparently quoted by them from the Old Testament which cannot be found in it, e.g., Matt. ii. 23; Matt. xiii. XVIII. The Evangelists, Matthew and Mark, not unfrequently quote from the Hebrew, whilst Luke quotes invariably from the Septuagint ; and yet the quotations of all three often agree verbally with each other, where they do not harmonise either with the Hebrew or the Septuagint. It will be remembered that the very inexact translation of the Seventy was highly reverenced by the Jews of our Lord's day, and He did not, even by implication, correct it, or protest against its authority, but constantly used it Himself in preference to the Hebrew, without reservation, as the ' Word of God ;' and throughout the whole of the New Testament it is far more frequently quoted by the evangelists and apostles than the Hebrew text. And it is very noticeable that there it not the slightest difference made by Christ or the writers of the New Testament between the formulas with which they introduce quotations from the Septuagint, even when most inaccurate, and those which appear to be translations from the Hebrew, ' As it is written,' ' What saith the Scripture ?' ' That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet,' &c;, are words used indifferently when introducing quota tions, both from the Septuagint and from the Hebrew, from which it appears evident and conclusive that our Lord and His apostles attached the same importance and sacredness to the one as to the other, although they differ so frequently and so materially in their ipsissima verba. From this array of facts, which might be enlarged, it must, I think, appear to every honest and unbiassed mind that the popular theory of the verbal inspiration or literal infallibility and accuracy of the text of the Old Testament Scriptures is quite untenable, and must sooner or later give place to one far more rational, elastic, and intelligible. Now, with regard to the New Testament Scriptures, the task of proving the correctness of the non- verbal inspiration theory is made easy by the fact that we have the writings of four authors, each of whom has written an independent biography of Jesus Christ, and we have thus an opportunity of comparing the four histories with each other, by which we are able to demonstrate that the popular belief in the verbal inspiration of the gospels has no foundation in fact. They record many events and many sayings of our Lord, with verbal and sometimes substantial differences, which are too numerous to quote, but which are obvious to every intelligent reader of Scrip ture. I will, however, cite a few instances. I. The superscription over the cross on Calvary is given by all four evangelists, and each one with a verbal difference. II. The Lord's Prayer, as given by Matthew does not agree verbally with that given by Luke. III. In the accounts of the temptation in the wilderness by Matthew and Luke, the order of the temptations is not the same, and they differ in the words spoken by Satan to Christ, and by Christ to Satan. IV. The accounts of the institution of the Lord's Supper recorded by Matthew, Mark, and Luke, all differ in the form of words used by our Lord on that occasion, and these again all vary verbally from the account given of this event by Paul in 2nd Corin thians. V. Matthew tells us that our Lord healed two blind men at Jericho ; Mark and Luke that only one was healed, VI. Mark and Luke say that the disciples went to Bethphage and brought thence a ','colt,' or foal of an ass only, on which Jesus rode into Jerusalem. Matthew informs us that they brought thence both a 'colt' and its dam, and that the Lord rode on both animals, which, however, although corroborated by the prophecy quoted from Zechariah of which it was a fulfilment, must of neces* sity be incorrectly translated in the latter, or inaccurately trans scribed from the original. And there is not, I believe, one of the parables of our Lord recorded by the three first evangelists (for John gives none), or one of his miracles, which does not exhibit some, and often considerable, verbal variations. Indeed, the gospels abound in conclusive evidence that, whilst the authors have recorded the events of the Gospel history and the sayings of our Lord with substantial truthfulness and fidelity, they can lay no claim to have been divinely inspired to write every sentence and word of their biographies with infallible and verbal accuracy. Jesus Christ, so far as we know, gave no commission to the evangelists or apostles to write His life, or promised them verbal infallibility in what they wrote, either in the gospels or epistles, neither did He refer to any divine books which should be written by His disciples after His ascension ; and not one of the Old or New Testament writers claims this superhuman gift either for himself or for others, not' even so much as by a hint or implication . And if they have not claimed it, and our Lord has not promised it. and all the facts and circumstances of the case are against the theory of verbal inspiration, where is the Christian charity which would regard those who decline to accept it, as 'rationalists,' 'sceptics,' or 'infidels,' because they maintain that the human element enters largely into the composition of the Bible, and that the theory of literal infallibility is not necessary to ensure its acceptance as of supernatural origin ? It is enough for the Christian to believe, and be assured, that the whole Sacred Volume is substantially true and reliable, that it is composed of a number of ancient books, which are 'inspired records' — ' theopvevrtos, God inspired,' which records contain the ' Word of God' — i.e., all the divine verbal revelations which He has made to man, as necessary to his well-being here, and his eternal life and glory hereafter, and ? . which He has secured to all true -believers and faithful followers of His Son. So that, as a whole, we may accept and receive it as a : divine revelation, and reverence it accordingly, and bow down to its supreme authority in spiritual matters as the Word of the living God, although not constituted of all the words of God. This appears to me to be the only reasonable theory of inspiration, and one which will eventually recommend itself to the minds and under standing of intelligent and reverent Christians, for it tends to make the Holy Scriptures more human and humanising in their character, and hence more with human nature, whilst it does not derogate one iota from the goodness, and mercy, and love of God, for His unspeak able gift to the children of men. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant, DlDASKALOS. 