'Holiness through Faith. ? ' ''To the. Editor of the Australian Churchman. ? ' Sir — The doctrine of Justification by Faith is acknowledged gene rally by members of the Church of England to be in accord with the Word of God. Yet there are many of our'brethren who have not the peace which belongs to those who are so justified. They hold the doctrine, but they possess not the experience, and very frequently they are found charging with 'presumption' and ' self-righteousness1 thosewho testify that having exercised faith for justification they ' realise its happy result, ' Peace with God through our Lord Jesus .Christ.' There is a smaller circle — ' Observer' to the contrary not , withstanding — who hold the doctrine that God does ' purify the heart by faith' (Acts xv. 9). Of this circle some have exercised the faith and received the blessing. They who have been thus honoured by -God may be.well content to take up the cross and bear the misrep resentations (unintentional in most cases) of those who have not been so favoured, and who believe, that they do God good service by ' opposing this teaching. ' It seems impossible that any one should write against the faith , life without showing that he misunderstands the doctrine'which he . controverts. As an illustration of this fact I may refer to two letters in your issue of to-day. In the first ' Observer'— who still dis . tinguishes himself by assertion without proof — declares that we ' ignore the Holy Ghost as the sanctifier of the elect people of God.' In the other, Dr. Bonar asserts with equal confidence that we ' sub stitute the work of the Spirit for the work of Christ.' Are these writers' both correct? Do they not contradict each other? Can they . really understand the teaching and the experience against which they are contending ? 'In this second letter Dr. Bonar reiterates' the accusation of the former that we ignore the imputed righteousness of Christ.' He writes — ' I do not read anywhere of that divine righteousness, the best robe,' &c.; He states further on, that at the time of writing this letter he was acquainted with the authorised report of the Brighton Convention. I find the following words in Mr. Pearsall Smith's address oh the Prodigal Son, as given in that same report — ' You are , far from God by reason of your want of obedience, but the best of all robes, the robe of the righteousness of Christ, is waiting for you.' The same teaching is implied all the way through. Are we respon sible for Dr. Bonar's want of reading ? Is he not responsible for making such assertions without reading, or in spite' of his reading ? We disclaim Perfectionism. We point out the very things (fundamental) in which we differ from those who hold the doctrines of Perfectionism. We state why their views are held in abhorrence by us — yet all the way through this letter of Dr. Bonar we are called Perfectionists ; we are said to teach Perfectionism. Is it fair ? Is it right? Is it Christian ? I can only explain it by supposing that here ? also Dr. Bonar had not read the disclaimer before he wrote. But again, I ask, are we responsible for that 1 ' It is of no use to ask Dr. Bonar (who is a Presbyterian, and does not use our form of praj'er), but I do ask those of our brethren who think that we are so very far wrong to inquire of themselves ? what they mean when in the morning service of our church they pray 'Vouchsafe 0 Lord to keep us this day without sin,' '-Grant that this day, we fall into no sin' ? Do they think that God is able to grant these petitions 1 Do they believe that He is willing to do so 1 If so, we are justified. If not, why do they offer them ? ' In my former letter I gave my own personal testimony, which may be taken for what it is worth. Further witness may be obtained in and about Sydney if it is' required. I now take leave of this subject, which has been to me a painful task, undertaken with great reluctance. Much rather would I wait and pray that those who according to their acknowledgment have not received this grace, may by God's great mercy have it given unto them 'also. 'ROBEKT TAYLOR. ' St. Stephen's Parsonage, 25th September, 1875.' 