RRWS OF TUB RAY. The public are informed in yesterday's Gazette that the Government of Tasmania has prohibited the importation of cattle into any part of that island, for any purpose other than slanghter, from Victoria, without a certificate signed by a duly qualified veterinary surgeon, to tho effect that such cattle were inspected and examined by him immediately before shipment, and were then free from any contagions disease. Also, that the importation into Tasmania is pro hibited of the carcases ' of cattle, sheep and pigs which have been exported from Vic toria. The results of the matriculation examina tion for October term 1875 were posted in the quadrangle at the University of Mel bourne yesterday afternoon. There were 887 names entered on the lists for examina tion, of whom G2, or about one-sixth, were ladies. Of these there passed 105 males, or nearly one-third, and 16 females, or somewhat more than one-foarth. For the ordinary olaES of the Civil Service there wero 173 who succeeded, of whom 22 were ladies. These appear to carry off the chief honors at the matriculation examinations ; for, though they do not nniuber one fourth of tho candidates, yet they form nearly half of those re turned as "passed with credit," and in passing with credit a! bo they have done so more creditably than their innlo competitors. Miss FannieBoakehos passed insevensubjeots; " well" in six of them. Two sisters, E. and E. A. Trickett, passed "well" in five sub jects each, and passed in one other. Thus, these three yonng ladies fail in nothing, and pass well in 10 subjects, as many as the four other candidates who passed with credit. The three yofmg ladies passed Mr. T. Warren Ball's Test " Examination in almoBt as creditable a way. The first-mentioned young lady, as well as Miss Emily Boake and Miss M. E. Maokoy, were prepared by Mr. Ball, at Mrs. Woodruff's school, St. Kildo, and the other two at the ladies' matricnlation class at the Melbourne Athenreum, from which class also Miss Mar garet O'Ferrall has passed both matricnla tion and civil service examinations, and Miss Nelly M. Brophy the civil service ; the Ladies' College, at Hamilton, has passed Miss Mary Finn ICirby in both examinations. Mrs. Bichardson's school, St. Kilda, is represented in the lists by Miss Annie Bell, who passed both examinations, and Miss Mary De Carle Bidge, who passed the civil service. Tho Presbyterian Ladies' College, and Mrs. Bonwick, of Hawthorn, also had some I success. The classes at the Athemeum for gentlemen have also been success ful, Mr. Alexander Millie, B.a., being successful with A. M. AmesB, nnd Mr I Warren Ball, M.C.P., with J. Darroch 'and W. J. \\\ ynne, who havo passed both ex. animations. Miss Benjamin, who passed the matriculation examination, with " well" in English, was educated at Mrs. Hughes's school, Collms-strcet east, and was pre. pared in French, geography and history, solely by Mrs. Hughes. Their Honors the judges brought their labors of the yonr to a close yesterday by delivering outstanding judgments. In the case of Bishop v Smith, the judgment was entirely against the plaintiff, who sought to set aside a marriage settlement on wife she having obtained in the divorce- court a decree of nullity of marriage, The court held that tho judgment of the divoroe court aid not place the parties as thoy were beforo the solemnisation of marriage, and therefore the settlement could not be dis. turbed. In the case of J. B. Slock, the majority of the court were of opinion that service on him of a rule nisi to re-enfore a caveat had been insufficient, and set the rule aside. Mr. Justice Barry dissented from the finding, holding that if there bad been any insufficiency, Slack himself was to blame. J u Bennett v. Bennett, leave was given to Mr. John Barter Bennett to appeal to the Privy Council, He, it will bo remembered, as trustee, was adjudged liable for the loss to tbe estate of Mrs. Hy. Bennett, his nephew's wife, because he neglected to look after her interests. In Learmonth v. Bailey, Mr. Gregory, for the plaintiff, mnde applica tion for the variation of an order for inspect ing the Egerton mine, made by the Master in Equity. The court were opposed to the alteration, and his Honor Mr, Justice Barry said to Mr. Gregory, as he rose from the bench, that he would like to make the granting of such an application, and wished him a merry Christinas and a happy new year. It will probably be a long time before such a seasonable adieu will bo heard from the Acting-Chief Justice again. A somewhat unusual case of assault was heard yesterday at tho District Court, before Mr. Call. Mr. Fenton, a reporter attached to The Age staff, was the plaintiff, and Mr. Bider, connected with the J elegraph, was the defendant. Both parties were engaged on the 17th inst. reporting a meeting of the subscribers to tbe Infirmary for Diseases of the Throat, Ear and Eye. Mr. Fenton, owing to his having marked the printed half-yearly report supplied to him during the meeting, gavo Mr. Bider offence. As soon as the plaintiff left tho meeting the defondant, who had been waiting for liim outside, applied to him several opprobrious epithets, and finished up by striking him with a heavy stick on tho head, which necessitated his re moval to tho hospital. Mr. Bead, for the defence, called no witnesses, but endeavored in the course of some remarks to show that Bider was actuated by a desire to sbow Mr. Fenton how business should be done at such meetings. Mr. Call strongly condemned the conduct of the defendant, but having regard to the relative positions of the parties suggested a compromise, namely, that the defendant should apologise, and be prepared to pay whatever costa be might award. Mr. Bead thereupon apologised for his client, and Mr. Fenton, upon being interrogated, in formed the bench that he was quite prepared to abide by any decision that might be made. Mr. Call acknowledged tliat this was a very handsome mode of meeting his suggestion. , He condemned the conduct of the defendant and ordered him to pay £4 4s. costs ; the case, as a matter of form, standing adjourned until Tuesday next. The sub-committee appointed to investi. gate the charge of carelessness, while ad ministering chloroform, made against Dr. Llewellen, resident surgeon of tho Mel- bourneHospital, met yesterday, and mado full investigation. Their report, which will' be furnished at the next committee meeting, is said to fully exonerate Dr. Llewellen irom all blame. Tho insolvent James O'Day complied with the order made by Judge Noel on Thursday, and yesterday morning produced the promis sory note alleged to have been given him by Clancy in part-payment of the purchase money of insolvent's property at Hotbam. The insolvent brought the note to the clerk's office adjoining tho court at ten o'clock punctually, the limit fixed by his Honor for its production. O'Day is, therefore, now at liberty, and the warrant issued by the court will not be put into execution. The sittings of tho Melbodiffe General Ses sions were continued yesterday, before Mr. B. W. Fohlmau, ohoirman. Geo. Yoi.ng was charged with stealing a watch from the person of Bobert Ellison, on the 10th April last. The jury found him guilty of receiv ing, and he was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. At. tbo previous sitting of the court he was tried on tho same charge, but the jury could not agree. The bench then proceeded to pass sentences : — Wm. Turner, found guilty of burglary, received a sentence of six months' imprisonment ; Geo. Thompson, who bad pleaded guilty to re. ceiving, was sentenced to three years' im prisonment, with hard labor ; Louisa An derson, a servant girl, found guilty of steal ing £12 10s, from her master, received a sentence of two years' imprisonment ; Eliza beth Johnson, found guilty of stealing two £10 notes from a man who went to lier house in a lane off Little Lonsdale-street, was sent to gaol for four years with hard labor, cumu lative on a sentence she is at present under going. The Mortlake Despatch thus writes re specting a local Cra-aus " Au ex-M.L.C. for the Western Province, who owns land right up to the boundary of on important inland town in tbe district, decided upon making a tour to Enrope, and carried out his intention. He had held sittings in a church in tho town near at hand, but as ho and his family were leaving for a while, these would, of course, not be occupied by them. This gospel-hearer is one blessed in temporalities very much nbove many of his fellow-colonists, his acres being counted by the tens of thousands, and his income no doubt by thousands of pounds. But as bis pockets gradually filled with coin, his soul must have emptied of every iota of charity and genorousness. Amongst his last deeds prior to saying farewell for a time was this, to intimate that as he was taking leave be must be relieved from his sittings in the chwroh. This is no exaggeration, but posi tively a fact." From the Riverine Herald we learn that the Treasurer has accepted the rents due by Mr. B. J. Glass,, on his certificated laud at Wharparilla. During Mr. Casey's term of office as Minister of Lauds, Mr, GIsbs tendered certain rents due by him upon some 10,000 to 17,000 acres of land taken up by him under certificate in the year 1800\. TheBe rents Mr. Casey refused to accept on the ground that Mr. Glass bad forfeited all right to the land in consequence of his non-compliance with tbo provisions of the Land Act of 1SC5. Tho matter was taken into tbe Supreme Court, and his Honor Judge Molesworth deoided that Mr. Glass was entitled to tho land. Against this decision, the Crown had the matter submitted to the Full Court, which again de cided in Mr. Glass's favor. Again tho Crown appealed to the Privy Council, the decision of which was that Mr. Glass was en titled to the land on his paying the amount of rent due, and 5s. per acre fine, as pro vided by the Land Act of 1S05. On Mon day last the amount due to tho Government by Mr. Glass was duly tendered at the Treasury, Melbourne, and was accepted. The Fiji Times of 24th November says : — " We learn from a most rcliablo source that . the French will annex the New Hebrides, _ . and that a man-of-war would leave Noumea for that purpose two days after the Alarm left for Levuka." The Ballarat Courier states that a curious rumor is afloat in reference to the local Theatre Boyal. Years ago, when the build ing was first erected by a company, Mr. Bouchier, the owner of the land, gave the site to the oompany, on condition that the building erected upon it should bo UBed solely as n theatre, and should be kept open as a pnblic place of amusement. It is now asserted that legal stepe are to be.igen against tho proBent owner of the bnilding for breach of the conditions upon wbioh the land was given. Some interesting revelations, states |tbe Pleasant Creek Hews, wero made recently at the Stawell Police Court, dtaring tbe hearing of some csBes in which tbe shire inspector, Mr.. Patrick Monaghan, summoned certain European women, tbe reputed wives of Chinamen, for infrac tion of the fiscal laws. Three prosecu tions wore instituted by the shire office and although his plans were weU laid, ana carefully carried out, Asiatic cunning proved too much for the quiet, staid process of English jurisprudence, as illustrated by Eolice court proceedings. It would e mere waste of time to speculate as to what caused such a miscarriage of justice ; but the fact remains for the authorities to digest, that the WineB, Beer_ and Spirits Sales Statute has been most inge niously evaded by the keeper of the opium shops at tho Deep Jjend, right under the supervision of the authorities. Although the parties summoned wero undefended, the. European wives or mistresses of the Caineso had bees so well "coached up' in the eccen tricities of the law that the bench could not do other than dismiss all the cases for sly- grog selling that came under notice. At the City Police Court yesterday, a mu sician, named Charles Goldsmith, was charged with assaulting a rat- catcher, named David Morris, bj striking him two or three times in the face with his list. The defend ant caused some excitement by stating that the prosecutor had been caught sleeping with onoof his daughters, a girl lOycarsot age, and had trior! to sice another ot' about the same ac<s "uhich, lie contended, was enough to uiukc a man do anything. The bench re manded Goldsmith, admitting him to his own bail, to enable him to bring evidence in support of his assertious. Tho unfortunate woman Alioe Manckie- wicz, whoso husband blew his brains out on the 17th inst. in Flinders-lane, was brought before the City Court yesterday. She had threatened to commit suicide, and was remanded for medical inquiry. As she now seemed to be in her proper senses, she was discharged. The Christie testimonial must now be speedily made up, and all intending sub scribers are requested to send in their dona tions at once. It is intended to incorporate the proceeds of the benefit to take place at the Princess's Theatre in the general fund, fo that a very handsome sum. should be rea lised. The Registrar-General's weekly report shows that the numbers of deaths through scarlet fever are decreasing. For the week eliding 27th November last 69 were reported ; during each of the two following weeks the numbers had decreased to 40 per week ; and last week the number fell to 33. About eleven o'clock yesterday forenoon the body of a man, name unknown, was found floating in tho Yarra. It was re covered and removed to the morgue. The following is a description of the corpse : — About 3D or 40 years of age, 5 feet S or 9 inches high, rather stout build, light complexion, light colored hair all over his face, old striped tweed trousers, light colored cotton shirt, lace-up boots. In a pocket of the coat a scrap of paper was found, having written upon it "Nicholas "Week, 21st Dec." There were no marks of violence on the body, upon which an inquest will be held. Ah Sang, nibs Ah Soutia, a hawker, was arrested yesterday by Sergeant Parkinson at Prahran, charged with a criminal assault on a respectable married woman at her resi dence on last Wednesday. He called for tlie purpose of trading, but finding the woman alone, committed the outrngo, and escaped detection until Sergeant Parkinson effected his arrest as stated. At the ordinary weekly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee, hold on Thursday afternoon, Mr. J. Harcourt was in tho chair. The superintendent reported that there were 423 males and 211 females in the house, and there was only one vacancy for a male. The medical officer stated that SO males and 94 females were in the hos pital, and 45 males and eight females were otherwise under treatment, making a total of 227 inmates invalided. It was reported by tho superintendent that lie had received tho following donations for the use of the inmates : — Messrs. Tbos. Aitken, R. M'Cracken and Co., Latham and Co., and P. J. Martin, one hhd. of ale each, and Mr. Albert Terry two hbds. ale; Messrs. Connell and Hogarth, and Mr. bcott, Grey-street, fct. Hilda, one ham each ; Messrs. James Jienty and Co., a parcel of to bacco; commissioners of the Intercolonial Exhibition, 20 dozen colonial wine. A peti tion, signed by 325 inmates, was read, to the effect that they had derived much plea sure and enjoyment from the visits of one or two young ladies who came weekly to sing to them. This, for some reason, had been forbidden, as the petitioners believed, under misapprehension. They did not think that tho committee wished to deprive the bedridden and the sick of the comfort of hearing a hymn sung in the only home they arc ever to have on earth ; they therefore prayed that the visits might be authorised under such regulations as might be found necessary. A letter was read from Wm, Sibb.ild, an inmate, opposing the prayer of tho petition, on, as he stated, re ligious grounds. A long discussion followed the readinpjitthe documents, and it was at length r< :£xtod to postpone the considera-. tion for a fortnight. The usual meeting of the committee of the Alfred Hospital was held on Wednesday afternoon ; Mr. Ed. Henty in the chair. The gifts of five dozen of wine from the commis sioners of the late Exhibition, and a bag of hour from Mr. Craig, were received with thanks. A report of the medical committee, suggesting that a wooden building for tho re ception of coses of a contagious character, and also a fumigation chamber, should be provided, together with other suggestions to meet the exigencies of tho present epidemic, was read; and it was resolved that inquiries should be made by the secretary as t£> the class of erection best suited to the purpose, whether of canvas or wood, and that preliminary steps should bo taken for providing tho fumigation chamber. The secretary intimated that he had taken steps to secure as far as possible the isolation of fever patients, and those attending to them, in accordance with the opinion expressed by the medical staff. An intimation was re ceived from the City Council, in reply to an application from the secretary requesting them to reconsider their decisiou condemning tho plan of closet tauks submitted, a taring that "the health committee could not recom mend approval of any tanks for use as cess pools unless placed altogether above the ground." The secretary was instructed to consult the architect upon the subject. On the recommendation of the medical com mittee, Mr. A. E. Pnllcn's tender for drugs and chemicals was accepted. The secretary reported that the patients and their friends of the male surgical ward had, at their own own expense, presented a handsome clock, water filter, and flower vases, for the use of \- the present and future inmates of that ward. Tho committee expressed conside rable gratification at this instance of good feeling among the patients. The following is the state of the Home : — Remained last week, S5; admitted since, 10—100. Dis charged, 20. Remaining 22nd December, SO. Out-patient3, 1S1 ; casualties, 33. The Rev. Chas. Clark's well-known lec ture on Christmas in Old England was re delivered in the Town Hall last evening, to an audience as large, and, if possible, more appreciative than ever. The lecture em braces an endless variety of topics. Curious and antique fashions and customs are largely dealt with ; but the humorous anecdotes for which the rev. lecturer has acquired such celebrity, form the staple of the lecture, ap propriately enough with the season. The lecture was illustrated, as in past years, with the singing of enrols by accomplished artists. The music last evening was rendered by a double quartette of far more than average ability, it being composed of Mrs. Smythe, Mrs. Howitz, Miss Christian, Miss St. Clair, and Messrs. Ford, Daniels, Lamble and Kaye. The carols were of three descriptions, ecclesiastical, popular (or, more properly speaking, nondescript) and festive. The programme, as a whole, was executed fault lessly, but the most favored carols were The Blessed Virgin's Cradle Sony, for which Miss Christian was enthusiastically encored, and the ever charming carol of olden days, God Rest You Merry Gentle men," exquisitely sung by Mrs. Smythe and Mrs. Howitz. Mrs. Clark presided at the piano with her customary ability. Next Monday, Mr. Clark will rc-deliver his cele- brated lecture on the Tower of London. Dr. Silvester, the FakirofOolu, re-appeared at St. George's Hall last night, ami was heartily welcomed by a large audience. The performance wa3 a good one, the ghost Bcene and the new water fall being 'quite out of the ordinary classs of exhibitions. The phantasmagoria! pantomimwill be certain of a very success ful run. Baby Benson appeared at the Apollo Hall last night, and was exceedingly succeBatal in pleasing her andience. The detectives require an owner for a blue overcoat, found in the possession of a well-known thief, last Tuesday night, by Detective Dowden. The police require an owner for a 14 lb. spal- liug hammer found in the possession of a man named John Burns, who has been arrested by Constable "Watt upon a charge of stealing the same. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B„ of Adelaide, preaches (for the last time hi Melbourne) in the Oollins-strect Independent Church, to-morrow, morning and evening. In the evening a special sermon to young men will be preached. The Rev. T. F. Bird will recommence the de- Ktqjv of the course of sermons on Christ, which has been interrupted by his lato illness, to-mor row evening ; tho subject being Christ the Sin- killer. Yesterday Mr. F« Mackay, who is leaving the employ of Messrs. Death, Schiess and Co to enter into partnership with Mr. Parry, of Flin ders-lane, was presented bv the entyloyts of tbeir factory witli a handsome album and inkstand, in token of their good wishes towards him. At St. Lukes, Napier-street, Fitzroy, tho Very Rev. the Dean preaches to-morrow in the morn ing, when the newly confirmed members of tho church, will he admitted to the holy communion; the Rev. Mr. Rodrfa preaching and administer ing the sacrament of baptism in the evening. A political lecture was delivered on Thursday evening in the Assembly Hall, St. Iwtdn, by Mr. Jnmes Stewart Smith ; the mayor of the borough presiding. The lecturer reviewed England in its social, religious, and political aspect, and after wards soveral musical illustrations were given by ladies and gentlemen amateur?; the rendering by Miss Jukes of Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep was much applauded. The proceeds of the lec ture are to he devoted to the St. Kilda Baptist Church. A vote of thanks to the chairman and lecturor closed tho proceedings. The usual weekly meeting of tho committee of the Immigrants' Home was held yesterday, Mr. Woolley in the chair. The superintendent re ported the state of the house as follows -Num ber remaining at last report, 466; admitted during the week, 303 ; discharged, 112; still remaining, 265 men, 107 women and S4 children— total, 45/. Of this number, 116 men, 52 women and 21 children are sick; employed :> 12 men bag) making, 124 oakum picking, &c.;, and 13 working out ; 10 women in the laundry, 22 hair teasing. Out of door relief was given to 13 females, of 47 individuals, on presenting society's cards. It was further reported that the com missioners of the late Exhibition bad presented for the use of the institution 17 dozen wine, and that the following contributions towards the Christmas feast to the inmates had been received, viz. : — A hogshead of ale each from Messrs. M'Craoken P. J. Martin, and Ailken, brewers ; a bag of iiour, 200 lb., each from Messrs. S. House, Gillespie Bros., Kimpton and Rush, ami S. Ramsden ; 800 lb. cake from Mr. D. Cameron, aud 66 lb. from Mr. Harrison, bakers ; tobacco from several firms ; and tea, sugar, bis cuits, raisins, & c., from other firms of the city. Mr. Woolley reported additional douations for the Christmas gift fund, which will be found in our advertising columns. 