TOWN NEWS. RECEPTION OF THE BISHOP OF BALLARAT. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING AT THE MELBOURNE TOWN-HALL. The tea and public meeting held at tne Town-hall on Thursday, to welcome the newly- arrived Bishop of Ballarat, was very largely attended; at the latter above 3,000 persons were present, the great majority of whom were ladies. The vicar-general. Dean Mac- artney presided, and the audience included a considerable number of clergymen of the Church of England, as well as a few be- longing to other denominations. Selections of music were well sung by the united church choirs, consisting of 250 voices, Mr. Plaisted acted as organist, and Mr. Herz as conductor. Addresses were presented to the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton by the clergy and laity, to which separate replies were given, and the bishop also delivered an address, in which he indicated the motives that would actuate bim in his work, and which he hoped would influence his flock. The following is a full report of the bishop's address: - He said that although he had been three full weeks in Aus- tralia, yet still he felt strong upon him the innocence and inexperience of a new comer. He had,already perceived that he had much to learn and much to un- learn - not, indeed, that he should forget the old fatherland, for that were impossible. (Cheers.) He wondered whether anyone ever left such friends behind as he had; but in starting for Australia - in starting for his new adopted country - he did so full of hope, and that hope was based in part one fact of his experience. Ever since the "trouble" came - ever since the feeling pointed to another hemisphere - he in- terested himself to come in contact with Australians in England. And he might say that his personal experience was that he never met with one Australian who spoke ill of his adopted land. (Cheers.) He knew more of Australia now from his own personal knowledge, and though he had met with so many kindnesses already, he had met with some difficulties also, and he might say that the arrangement of the part he should take in that evening's proceedings was not the least difficult enterprise - (laughter) - to preach without a text. He had no topic for his address. He was sure they would not wish him to launch upon that " omnibus et quibusdam aliis," which, trans- lated for the ladies, meant "everything in general, and the Ministerial crisis in par- ticular." (Laughter.) No; the business that brought him here was the Lord's work itself, to which he was solemnly set apart in the old Abbey, known, no doubt, to nearly every one among them. For that purpose he had come, and what he intended to say would be in reference to that work - the great work of Christ's Church upon earth, and they should not forget, indeed, that it was also the reason of their meet- ing there to-night. Now, there was a value in first impressions, and a value also in last impressions, and his last impres- sions of old England, from a religious point of view, might therefore possess interest. These were dangerous days, religiously, in England, and he expected also in Australia, but although they were dangerous, his im- pression was that they were eminently hope- ful days. There was no doubt about it, that there was at this time in our old fatherland a marvellous impulse with regard to spiritual things, and spiritual directions, and there- fore his topic to-night was one which could not fail in interest There was a warm interest transfusing the whole mind of Eng- land in reference to directly spiritual topics. Of course the religious phenomena of the old country were very painful if we looked at the dark side, as he dared say were found also in Australia. There was the luxury of the great and the misery of the poor at home, and there was the separation and alienation between class, and the separation, too, of many leading men of science from loyalty to the faith once delivered to the saints. But there was a gracious compensation also, for there was at this time an intensity far be- yond anything that had been experienced for a very long time in the spiritual life of the mother country. (Cheers.) This warmth of which he spoke was not the mere warmth of controversy, though certainly there was plenty of that - he was going to say, they were sick to death of it. That was a kind of heat which did not illumine or comfort very much. It seemed to him, generally, a kind of noxious gas, in which spiritual de- velopments drooped and withered. He spoke of the warmth which was melting down the separations and barriers between believer and believer in the Lord Jesus Christ - the warmth which was smiting down with some unseen hand that barrier which men thought at one time must be made of adamant, and last for ever. They had been learning in England to try and overcome evil not so much by fisticuffing with it, if he could venture to use the term, as by diffusing the antagon- istic truth, as the doctors met the smallpox with vaccination. How great and marvellous was it to see the difficulties which beset re- ligion die and disappear - grow faint and feeble, like distant things, when we pressed into the nearer presence and companionship of God. So the difficulties which beset our faith lost their power when individuals of all churches got closer into the presence of God, and were thus all drawn by that very act more closely towards each other. (Ap- plause.) It seemed to him that this was a gracious countervailing on the part of our God to those dangers which at present seemed to beset Christ's teaching through the attitude taken by eminent physicists. The intense and spiritual light was God's, contrary to that einseitigkeit, as the Germans called it, which characterised some modern teaching where men were so deeply absorbed in physical effects and laws, that they ignored the momentous phenomena of spiritual light. It was that work which brought bishops here - not to sustain old world dig- nities in another hemisphere, but to work shoulder by shoulder among their friends. (Cheers.) They would agree with him that the responsibility resting upon one who had come here in his position was very great, and he thought he might claim at their hands that Christian sympathy and believing prayer which he longed for - (applause) - espe- cially as, as had been wisely remarked in the kind address of the laity to him, the work of the Church of Christ at this particular crisis of the development of this marvellous colony would tell momentously on the future and reach into eternity itself. He had come across a passage in the writings of the late Dr. Arnold which startled him, as he had never noticed it before. That Christian man longed most ardently to come here to Aus- tralia and plant his wisdom in the Australian colonies, feeling that as there had been already a marvellous past, so there would be a momentous future. (Cheers.) In coming into Port Phillip Bay, the first thing he (the bishop) had seen were the three masts of a sunken ship, which might have been thought by some to be an omen of the Church of England. (Laughter.) There were those who believed that present oc- currences were like the prophetic writing on the wall - the mene tekel peres; but he held another view. He regarded the difficulties through which their church was passing here to be only the the tree, prunings of the tree, which made it put forth more vigorous life. (Applause.) The next thing he had met coming up the bay was a newspaper telling them of the Ministerial crisis. (Laughter.) That was not, of course, the only newspaper he had had to read since his arrival, and he could only say that it was obvious the freedom of the press existed here in all its full entirety. (Laughter.) This was clearly a land of out- spoken freedom, and on that ground, among others, he rejoiced that he had come to it. (Applause.) He liked such a life as this. He had been more or less accustomed to it in the place which had been his home for 10 years past. They were men who stated their minds freely and independently, without fear or favour. There was a bracing atmosphere in such a condition, which braced the nerves, and when success was attained, made that success more real. He trusted that he had learnt one thing in Birmingham, which was not only to tolerate people's opinions, but to let them be wel- come to them, without resenting the fact that their opinions were different from his own. (Applause.) They would not doubt that very shortly after his arrival the new bishop found himself confronted with difficulties, but difficulties were things to be surmounted, just as the lion which Samson slew in the vineyard was a thing to be slain that honey might be got out of his carcase; depend upon it, difficulties, like marrow-bones, were hard, but the best meat was inside them. (Laughter and applause.) Their good old church had all along flourished in difficulties and would continue to do so. By the difficulties which they had to encounter in this country, and he was not disposed to say they were not great, especially at present, they would learn to expand and make more elastic their church system. He would occupy them a few minutes, in conclusion, by stating in what way it seemed to him they might meet the difficulties of the church. Three things marked the church of pentecostal times. One was brotherly unity, and there it ap- pealed to him was one essential of success of church work in this modern age and in all times. They wanted unity between believers such as would con- vince the world that without mere uni- formity. there could exist unity between true Christians, compatible with, and side by side with, things different on matters which might separate them. (Applause.) He did not hesitate, therefore, to say, as an officer of the church, that brotherly unity with those who followed not with them as a denomination was essential for the Lord's work in a country like this. (Applause.) He did not mean merely unity between members of other denominations and believers of their own church, but also between theiir clergy and laity. Then there was another feature to be traced in the church of apostolic times. This was the spirit of self-sacrifice; in other words, liberality. They most have the spirit of Nabal exorcised, and the spirit of Abigail exer- cised. He saw there were many Abigails in Victoria - (a laugh) - and he hoped they might prevail over the stony hearts of their Nabal husbands. They did not want the superfluity of the rich - they wanted every member, of the Christian church to give, not to the bishop and clergy, but to the Lord, and to press self-sacrifice till it stung. Therein lay a blessing and a joy. They wanted a spirit of large-hearted giving, which he rejoiced to see was being marvel- lously developed in their native land. He meant anonymous liberality. " Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant." And this liberality not only in money matters, though they wanted it em- phatically there, and he did not doubt it would be forthcoming, for he laughed to scorn the idea that in a colony like this they must needs have the church hob- bling along in a crippled condition. If they wanted to get gold out of men's pockets for the Lord they must make a hole in their hearts, and it would come out. Not only this did they want, but personal self-surrender. They wanted their sons to go forth to be ministers of Christ, the best intellect in Australia to enlist in the service of Australia's Lord. There could not be a nobler calling, a higher work than this. They did not want only to send to England for ministers, but to see them coming forward here, even though no prizes of worldly honour or wealth awaited them. If the Holy Ghost came amongst them, and stirred their hearts, they should no longer have the spectacle they saw now of their fellow- churchman in the outlying bush craving in vain for the administration of God's Word and sacraments. Lastly, but not least, they wanted the spirit of prayer, and a believing dependence upon prayer and the grace of God. After dwelling upon the efficacy and need of prayer, the bishop went on to say that the church's system was sufficient for all things desirable if faithfully carried out, and to express the hope that there would be a godly emulation between the two dioceses, or rather a noble spirit fruitful of good results. He thanked the meeting for their exceedingly kind reception, and, referring in grateful terms to the music which had been provided, said, that as the pipes of the organ each had its distinct place and sound, and each worked together in harmony under one governing hand, but would be silent without the wind which was blown into them, so what the church needed in order to perfect its work was God's Holy Spirit, which he prayed might be most abundantly poured out upon them. "Oh! that as the inbreathed wind Thrills dumb pipes to sounds of sweetness, Every heart a voice might find, All out souls be toned to meetness, In the heaven-taught song they pour, In God's presence evermore." (Great applause.) The Doxology having been sung, the bishop pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. 