WU ITE.SIORE. (Fronm a Correspondent.) According to announcement, lessrs. Tyson bd.d layley, with seoveral young folks, appeoared beforo a crowded house last night, anmd were g? t1ted with loend aplauso. Air Tyson called on tMr A. tingsotun to take the chair, but thnt gentleman kept ties scat, as he considered that our visitors were competent to manage tie bust moss of the evenintg. lir Tyson- caid e felt great dihidence in ap paaring before a country audience, as 1h0 was oxtreinely shl , lit dil not like the woeling of the advcotiosedent, as it did not state tle object of the eontrtaihment. l thougllht the pice of lladsion rathenr higih but aut that to the po? eas of tho tinles, which, by the way, reominded him of a corialn barber who alwaye harged mnore when wheat was low, because tho farmer pulled such long faces, that he htd twie as much Aound to go over. Some good tikes were eraoltd, when c Ir Tyson introduced two lassies, who sang a piece very nioely, M Bayley presiding at the organ, which yielded in'obedience to )dann sterly tonch its sweetest strains. Maister Tyson then recited "'y Friend Ned" very creditably. mo soon found that wIr Tyson was an adopt at sleight oi ohnd tricks,for borrowing a "bll-topaor' lo e, to all appeaurance mercilessly Iushedo his l ng loan through the crown, to tre no small amuose rent of tie lookerson.' This lie did twice, but dosisted as " the hats have holes in them." A young trldy was than invited to out two florns out dof pocket handkerchief, whio seemed to bo folded over them, and Miess Walker received a nice present for so doing. We were thoroughly bamboozled by this littlo affair. Then, to try the warmth of our " fair friends" affections, n lass tube oontaining water was placed In Alira SGirle's hand, when it began almost immedi ntely to boil. As her love was found to be trur she was rewarded, though somewhat disnp pointed at first, for whien etending her hand to take the prize behold there was notbing; bul itr Tyson bringing a curl gently forward ex. tracted a neat little casket therefrom. The trick with the cigar case "knocked us into a mish." Our nocturnal l'minaries were sud' denly eclipsed by a very bright light exhibited upon the platform. Our young friends agrin came forward and sang " Scatter seeds of kind ness," nceomlpnied by the organ. Mnster Tyson gave anotlher recitation, which wlts much up plaudled. Wit, wisdom, and soge advice, given in u Mr Tyson's own style, followed, and hi, mimicry of tile drunken earnan snuoing th, candlo was well received. The aud?ience were pleased to learn from Master Tysou that with ' Humphrey Dunn it mattered not whether he hald noney or none," and a wnggisl young fellow thought tlhat tihe Scotch minister, first kiss might hove occurred long beforo if ho had notbeen a "dry sort." Our what- nest an tieiputlons were gottfiedwitlh Mr Tyson's song Joe Perkins." Tile ghost in thie bottle aosce some merriment, and tie picture representins winter, which, when lheated, showed tiLo rid folinge of spring and summer, was looked upou with admiration. To narrate all particulars woull be to pro sume upon your pntience, and occupy too tnucl of your valouablo columns, Mir Editor, hoi please allow me to state scenes most shocking to ourseisitivo nerveswero perpotctetd,for after thi preogmme had terminated with the singing o 'Good Night" by our young friends, and votei of thanks were ipassed and responded to, lii Tyson introduced its galvanic somnething, an, invited any one to try it. One reoquested hi to "draw it mild " and then took hold of tib fatnlbar, and to tile infinito amusement of til, spectators stuck up his back like an enraged tom. More followed, and then were oheard yells and sighs, some prostrating themselves upon the stage. And, Sir, thepcoplo laughed Some lulies stoppled forward oamid ohoers, and then, but not till theno, did I dliscover that Ai Tyson hud nny finte feelings. Another song was called for, iand then our protracted but interesting meetig closed. Nov. 20. OoLINwO, refreshing, and invlgorntilg are the effects of ltowlands's Kalyder on the face and honds of lIndies, and all exgoseol to the scorehing 'ays of tilhe sun and hleate particoles of dust ; it eradicates all sunburn, freckles tai, Be. flow= I.inds's Eukonia will be foundl b. ladies to be the best toilet Ipowder cvrr yet produced, giving to the eomploxion a bloomingpurity of transparent dlelicacy. Sold by all chemists, druggists, and at all stores. Ask for ltowlasnod's articles. [Advt.] EWsr0N'o 'snZAnD OIc.--Rave you infiatn matory sore throat, stiff joint, or lameness, lave you rheumatic or other 'alns in any part of the body? If so, nso WkrvTON' T'IZAnDn OIL internally and extnenally. hlany persons suflfer with sick lheadache and nervonus healodacle, usually induceed by costiveness, indigestion. &c.; 'VcnaTON'o ?o1.oO uiLM have a strong colail upsn the confidence of an acute and discerning eople. Thirty- peonce.--( Advt.i 