CONVERSATION WITH A GHOST. One night (Lady Beresford, wife of Sir Tristram, is the speaker) when Sir Tristram and I were in bed, I awoke suddenly from a sound sleep, and found to my horror Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside. I screamed out, ' For heaven's sake, .Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this time of the night ?' ' Have you then forgotten your promise?'' he said, in a manner of awful solemnity. ' Did we not mutually engage to appear to each other after death ? I hare just quitted the world and am now permitted to appear to you for the purpose of assuring you of the truth of revealed religion, and that it is the ouly one by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you will in due time give birth to a eon, that you will become a widow and marry again, and that you will die on your forty-seventh bitthday.' ' Good heavens,' cried I, ' cannot I pre vent this ?' ' Yes,' he replied, ' you are a free agent, and can prevent it by abstaining from a second marriage. Hitherto you have had no trials. *4 ** 'S.Kire I ain-nbt permitted to tell you ; but if ' after this warning, you persist in your own infidelity as regards religion, your^lot in an other world will be most miserable.' ' May I not ask,' said I, ' if you are hap '? py ?' ' Had I been otherwise,' said he, ' I should not have been allowed to appear to you.' li I may then infer that you are happy ?' He smiled. ' But how,' said I, ' when the morning comes, shall I know that your appearanee be fore me has been real, and not the mere phan tom of a dream ?' ' Will not the news of my death covince you?' ' JN0, I replied ; ' 1 might have had such a dream, and that dream might accidentally become true. I wish for stronger proof of its reality.' *' You shall have 6uch,' he said. Then, waving his hand, the crimson velvet bedcurtains were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop by which the tester of the bed was suspended. ' In that you cannot be mistaken, no mortal arm could have performed this.' ' True,' I replied, ' but asleep we some times possess much greater strength than awake. Although I could not have done this when awake I might have done it in my sleep, and I shall have doubt.' He then proceeded to write his name in rav pecket-book, which was lying on my table, remarking, ' You know my handwriting.' *' Nevertheless,*' I said, ' though I could Dot imitate your writing when awake I might do so in my sleep.' ' You aie hard of belief. I must not touch you ; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh.' ' I do not regard a small blemish,' said I. ' You are a courageous woman,' said he ; ' then hold out your hand.' He touched my wrist. His hand was cold as ice ! In an instant every sinew and nerve shrunk, leaving an indelible mark as if a pair of red hot pincers had gripped me. ' Now,' said he, ' let no mortal eyes be hold that wrist ; to see it would be sacrilege.' He rose from his seat, walked a few steps from the bed, and laid hia hand on a bureau wuiou BLiYvmya qiuuii iu nic rvuul. Jin Hie morning,' he added, ♦' when you behold this, you will find another proof that what you have seen and heard this night is not an idle dream, or the mere fancy of your brain.' He stopped — I turned to look at him again — he was gone. During the time I had con versed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and collected, but the moment be de parted, I felt chilled with terror, a cold perspi ration came over me, and I endeavoured in vain to awake Sir Tristram in order to tell what had occurred. In this state of terror and agitation I lay for eome time, until a flood of tears came to my relief, when I dropped asleep. In the morning when I awoke, I found that Sir Tristram bad got up without noticing anything had happened during the night. On rising I fouud my pocket-book lying in the usual place, with some pencil marks. inside, which I knew to be in the handwriting of Lord Tyrone. I took a piece of black ribbon and bound it tightly round ray wrist, which presented the appearance of having been scarred and burnt in the night ; and then turning to the bureau, I observed the I'mpre6sien of a man's band deeply burnt into the lid. — ** Appaiitiona, by the Rer. Boucbier Wray Savile.' 