LADY HEATHCOTE'S PLOT. By Astell Cortis. Chapter XVII. "Well," said Arthur, "of all the impertinent old fellows I ever met that man is the moBt. What did he mean by his rudeness ? thrusting me half asleep as I was, out of that house ! And yon, Mr. Lindsay, to permit such an insult \- to me ! Depend on it, Lady Heathcote shall be informed both of his conduct and yours." "Neither he nor I are to blame," said the tutor. " He acted hastily to remove you from danger." "Danger!" repeated Arthur, who had worked himself into a violent passion. " Where was the danger ? The house was not on Are, nor was it going to fall on us, so yon need invent no tale to cover yonr own and that man's disrespeot." " It was the boy — that " " Say no more, if yon please, Mr. Lindsay," interrupted Arthur; "give yonr imagination no lnrther trouble for excuses ; the boy was lying quietly enough, and seemed in no mood to quarrel." Mr. Lindsay felt thankfnl that Arthur's in terruption had prevented his mentioning the true cause of their summary exit from the cottage, as he knew his dismissal as tutor would follow Lady Heathcote's discovery of the risk to which her son had been subjected, however blameless he might be. In silence, therefore, they proceeded towards tne town, Arthur s usually pale face being crimson with balf- Bnpproaaed rage, together with the heat oi the day. They had reached tho hotel but half an hour, when a messenger from Doctor Harrison arrived, bringing a medicinal dranght for Arthur, with directions that it shonld be taken immediately, and that the young gentleman should remain perfectly qniet for two hours, when the physioian would call. Arthur's passion rose to boiling heat on re- , ceiving this message ; he dashed tho medicine through the window, and, fatigued as he was, declared he would instantly leave Folkstone. Mr. Lindsay, pursuing the "soothing system," so inculcated by Lady Edith, used all meanB to pnrsuade him to remaiu, for his flushed cheek And flashing eyes gave tokens of feverish symp toms ; and, abrupt as Dr Harrison had been in the cottage, there was an expression of straight forward honesty in his earnest keen eyes, that instilled confidence in his kindness as well as his B&il; i j nuu tuauw waii uiuuonjf aiiAivuo iu i Arthur to be in his hands, shonld his fears respecting a threatened illness be realised ; he therefore used every stratagem to detain his pnpil; he entreated hjm to remain where they were for the night, but in vain. He told him no train left Folkestone nntil late that night — in fact, there was no resource bnt to remain. " Mr. Lindsay," said Arthur, " ray mother doeB not choose me to be controlled by you, and . I won't. If no train leaves Folkestone within an hoar, order a carriage. I am not going to remain here, for farther insalt from that mad old doctor." The tutor saw there was no evading the boy's "dictnm," so, making a merit of necessity, he went to asoertain the best way of travelling, taking the precaution, however, of obtaining Dr. Harrison's address. Arthnr paced np and down the room like a oaged hyena, nntil the carriage was at the door. Ordering the driver to take the road to Dover, he sat Bileut and anlky, nntil their arrival at the principal hotel. The evening was now far advanced, and the dew falling heavily. Arthur was too tired to stroll down to the sea-Bhore, as he had at first proposed, bnt, desiring that a chair shonld be placed in the balcony, he threw off his hat and coat, and sat' there, nnmindfnl of Mr. Lindsay's remon strance. until the feverish heat from whioh he had been suffering for some hourB, gave place to a fit of shivering, when he was obliged, by physical weakness, to yield to his tutor's entreaties and retire to his room. Much alarmed, Mr. Lindsay watched by him all night. Towards morning, his refractory charge slept for some hours, awoke refreshed, and insisted on rising. "A sail is just what I am longing for," he said, " so order a small sail-boat, Mr. Lindsay." "Had yon not better wait for a day or two, when yon will be stronger, and able to enjoy it bettor ?" for it was with difficulty the boy oonld dress himself; but, as usual, his self- will conquered, nod, with tottering steps, he \- went- to the landing-place, and seated himself in the stern of the boat, saying, "Now, then, for a jolly sail," — bnt an hour had not passed, when he found the -expedition anything bat "jolly." "Tell the men to tarn back, Mr. Lindsay; I am giddy," he said. The tntor, who was engaged in arranging buo Bftllj IQriloU IjUiUKiy Uv UlD VYUrUttj aUUj jumping over the benches, was just in time to receive the boy in a dead faint in his arms. Fast as sail and oars conid propel the little . vessel, they reached land, when Arthnr, still : senseless, was conveyed on an impromptu litter to the hotel, and put to bed. A telegram was despatched to Folkestone to Dr. Harrison, but several hours elapsed before his avocations permitted his attendance, daring whioh time Arthnr remained unconscious. . Mr. Lindsay's uneasiness was at its height, when he at length saw the doctor's portly form in the doorway. In a few words he told him how Arthur had been affected. " Jnat what might have been expected," he said, "after his madcap pranks ; why did yon ; leave FolkeBtown yesterday, when be shonld have been qniet P did he take the medioine I Bent ? " " No, he threw it ont of tbe window, and it was yonr message that oansed him to leave Folkestone." ' 1 " Well, and why did yon permit such folly ? iA.ro yoa not his tutor ? " "Nominally I am, bnt his mother permits no contradiction to his wishes." "And yon undertake the guidance of a yonth of his age under such condition's ? " replied Dr. Harrison, with so marked an expression of con tempt, that Mr. Lindsay coloured to the temples. " I wish you joy of your office, sir ; however, if I prescribe for him, I shall insist on my directions being implicitly followed, without reference to the young geutleman'a ' wills' and ' wont's.' " Tho remedies applied restored Arthur from his deathlike swoon ; but tho few words he muttered sufficed to show that his miud was wandering. " This is a serious case," said the doctor to IMr. Lindsay, who had followed him into an adjoining room. "Yon had better send, without delay, for his father. From what you have said I shonld think his mother's presence would be rather injurious than otherwise. "Dr. Harrison," said Mr. Lindsay, with emotion, " before sending for either, I should be glad to hold a higher place in your estima tion than it is but too evident I do at present. If I have undertaken an office irksome to myself, and which, with you, I feel to be a derogatory one, it is not for my own sake. I have an invalid mother, dependent altogether on me for her support. The liberal salary I receive from this boy's parents, enables me to supply her with those comforts she could not otherwise obtain ; nor did I except the situation nntil other resources failed. Were it not for my mother's sake,norennmeration would tempt me to place myBelf iu a position that seems unworthy of a gentleman of ednoation." The Doctor held ont his hand. " I fully appreciate the motive for your self-denial," he said, " and yon mnst pardon me for my hasty judgment ; bnt I am a testy old follow, and I was provoked at seeing one, apparently worthy of better things, give np his independence as a gentleman, and sncoumb to an imperions boy, for the sake of ' filthy lucre ;' bat there is sterling worth in yon, if I mistake not, and the reason yon have given me for yonr sacrifice (for snch it is) ennobles yon ; — but now to business. Where is the lad's father P He shonld be sent for without delay." "That is at present impossible," replied Mr. Lindsay ; " he is travelling on the Continent, and I do not know his address. Lady Heathcote mast be informed of her son's illness ; I wonld not take the responsibility of concealing it from her, were it possible to do so, which it is not, as bIio expects to hear of or from him every second day. Heriufatnation withregard to him seems a species of madnes9." " Well, then, yon had better write by post, not by telegram, as it will give as the ad vantage of her absence for an additional day ; and, from what you say, her presence is a very doubtful blessing." " Do yon think Arthur has taken the small pox from the boy in tbe cottage ?" asked the tutor. " He certainly has all the appearance of it ; and, from what you tell me of his imprudences before and after his visit to the cottage, he not only rendered himself peculiarly open to infec tion, but, in all probability, it will go very hard with him." A few honrs removed all doubts as regarded the natnre of Arthur's illness. Small-pox of the worst kind made its appearance, with but little hope of his ultimate reoovery. Mr. Lindsay broke the intelligence of his illness to uttuj jjluubuuufctt, wlbuuub luoubluuiljg 119 uuluio, as cautiously as possible, the doctor adding a postscript, to assure her of his attention to her son, and recommending her strongly to remain in London for the present, both for her own sake and that of his patient ; but this advice, Mr. Liadsay assured him, wonld be useless. Chapter XVIII. The old attachment of nnrse and child had been so firmly re-established between Lady Edith and Mary Hanlon, that, though many months had passed since her arrival in London, her return to Ireland seemed a moveable event each proposal for doing bo being met by opposi tion from Lady Edith, and Mary's was not the heart to refuse her " Lanagh" the comfort she derived from her presence, suffering as she was from some sorrow, still a mystery to the faith ful woman. Daring that time, Sarah bad received Beveral communications from Father Mnrpby respect ing her " bouchal," who was recovering surely, though slowly, and her pretty face again wore the brightness anxiety for her lover had dimmed. Though no longer in the freshness of her yonth, she certainly was as favourable a specimen of the Irish peasant as could well be procured, and in this opinion onr old ac quaintance, Sam Shaw, seemed to coincide, though as yet he had " never told his love, but let concealment prey on" — his uncommonly reu cuouk : in iiiHuuuuoiuuni uuoiuaao vioibn to her mistress, it was necessary that Sarah shonld be the ostensible object of them ; con sequently, interviews between them were indispensable. Sam Shaw's tough heart, which had already received a softening tonoh from a baby form, seemed gradually to melt still more under the influence of the piquant Irish girl, and I much donbt if he wonld have treated her with the same indifference, with whioh he affirmed he had met " Mrs. Wenns' " advances long before, had Sarah pat him to the trial. However, as there did not appear any snoh intention on her part, be very slowly made his approaches, Sarah being quite nnoonscious of her important conquest, though she had remarked, and was pleased with the effect, without suspecting the cause of a less imperions mode of proceeding towards Lady Edith. Thus stood matters on tbe morning that Mr. Lindsay's letter, reporting Arthur's illness, reaohed Lady Heathcote. Cantionsly as the intelligence was worded, her distress was pitiable. As Mr. Lindsay had anticipated, she prepared for instant departure for Dover, unmindful of Dr. Harrison's recommendation to remain in London until she had at least heard again. Knowing the value of Mary Hanlon's attend ance in illness, she resolved that she only should accompany her, leaving Sarah in charge of Emma, who, equally with Arthur, had always been delicate. This arrangement met thedeoided disappro bation and wonder of her numerous household. " The idea of a lady of her rank travelling without a Buite of servants I with only an old Irish nnrBe I. Snch proceedings were deroga tory to the establishment ; bnt, on considera tion, her ladyship was always eccentric, and her oddities, consequently, mast be excused I" So, with the tacit consent of her domestics, the lady and her faithful nnrse took ronte for Dover,, where Dr. Harrison received them, indch relieved to find Lady Heathcote attended but by one follower. "Where is he? where is my boy?" she exclaimed ; " take me to him instantly." The doctor qnietly conducted her to a sitting- I room, where, without giving her time to question him, he told her that her son was seriously indisposed with a contagions dis order ; that every care and attendance had been provided for him, but that, whatever evil might arise from her presence in the sick chamber, no possible good could resnit. But all persnasion was in vain, she insisted on being immediately admitted to his chamber; she did not fear contagion of any kind, and who should be by the pillow of a child sooner than a mother ? " Your ladyship's observation is perfectly true as a general rale," replied the doctor, "bnt there are exceptions, and this is one as I have told yon, he wants for no care, he has an experienced nnrse, and, though I have practised for many years, and am not nnknown in my profession, I have taken the precaution ot engaging tne still ot two eminent physicians." "Then his life is in danger?" said Lady Heathcote, with white lips. " Lady Heathcote," replied the dootor, feel- icgly, " his life is in the hauds of One higher than ourselves, bnt I will not coBceal from yon that his state is a precarious one." " And the disease ?" " Is small-pox I " Scarcely had the words paBsed his lips, when, as if struck by the lightning's flash, Lady Heathcote fell prostrate. In this state she was conveyed to bed, and when, after an interval of several hours, she awoke to the consciousness of her new grief, she was nnable to oppose the doctor's desire to remain in her chamber. Whatever were Lady Edith's faults, the want of a mother's devotion was not among them ; bnt this, the most sacred, the deepest feeling of woman's heart, became her pnnish. ment. By no affectionate word or look had Arthnr ever acknowledged or returned his mother's anxions love ; the conventional kiss and tonch of the band, night and morning, never failed to give her pain, by the coldness with whieh he went through the formality ; no loving clasp closed on her hand, no son like lingering kiss pressed her forehead, no word of endearment gave a happy glow to her heart ; and, aconstomed as she was to these symptoms of being nnloved, by the son so indulged by her, the pang of this conviction was ever renewed. xutfttu luuuguiu bunurou uur as sua lay ua her sleepless conch, too weak to rise until tbe following morning, when she hastened to Arthur's side. Ob, what a sight presented itself I the once beautiful boy could not be recognised, his face was covered with the eruption, and his features swollen out of all proportion. Sick with terror, she sank on her knees by his bedside, and piteonsly implored him to speak, were it but one word to her. " It is quite useless to talk to him, my lady," said the nurBS, "yonr son does not know any one jnst now ; delirium is one of the attendants of the disease, and it wonld be mnch bettor for yonr own sake, aa well as his, that yon kept away from his room." " I am his mother," replied Lady Heathcote impatiently ; "my place is here, and I mean to remain." The nurse shrugged her shoulders, and tamed away. Mary Hanlon, who had made herself ao useful in the siok-room the preceding night, that the nurse saw she would be a valuable assistant to her. said, in n low voice. " Doult vex the oratur, nurse ; shure 'tis only the natnr of the mother that's in her, and 'tis no good at all to aroBS her. God help her I" So night and day Lady Edith watched by that bed of pain, and heard the ravings of her nnoonsoious son. It was wonderfnl bow Bbe, a delioate woman, waB able to endnre the fatigue and misery of those days and nights ; bat what will not mother's love endure ? His life was despaired of by the physioians, though they did not dare tell her the fatal result that appeared almost certain. Dr. Harrison, having obtained Lord Heathcote's address, had written to him informing him of his son's danger, and requesting his immediate presence, but it was long before the letter reached the Earl, in consequence of his constant travelling, and in the meantime Lady Edith strenuously opposed the doctor's wish of sending for Herbert, whose name, and his alone, was ever on Arthur's lips. Another pang for her I Poor Mr. Lindsay wandered like a ghost from room to room, when not executing com missions, which, in pity to him, the good dootor improvised. He had strictly forbidden the tutor to approach the sick clmmber, where, he said, he might do mnch damage but no good, and that be might be of the greatest use by being always ready for out-door employment in the invalid's service. It was midnight ; the fever had abated, and a orisis was at band ; there had been a consultation among the physicians that evening, and they scarcely hoped that Arthur wonld live nntil morning. Dr. Harrison made arrangements to remain for the night with his patient, bnt only on the condition that his mother should leave the room to himself, the nnrse, and Alary Hanlon, whose qnick perception and ready hand were much prized by him. Arthur had slept for some hours ; he awoke free from delirinm, and, in a faint voice said, " Air. Lindsay, order lights ; it is quite dark." The doctor held a dranght to his lips, which Alary Hanion supported him. " Mr. Lindsay will be here presently," he said, " bnt, as yon have not been very well, yon keep quiet." The boy was to weak to say more than " Where is Herbert ? 1 want to see him ;" he then slept again, bnt even in his sleep he con stantly mattered Herbert's name. Tho dootor went to Air. Lindsay's room. (To be continued.) 