? ;, ;.";,, / Chaptbe ^ ' :' flv JOHN ESTEJv CQOkE, ••? A 1 * - .' '.- Author oj'" Tlit Virginia Comedian*, "Dr 11 -\liie ^bwriiiig )9J. for jlack' Daiiitrees succeeded- Mrs, d&stone; ladyyi; .sitors put on their, bonnets-; assumed, after the "fashion of the ladies, the air of penions just dn the ppint of departure ; remained -in that attitude for half an hour precisely, aixd at last as the carriage had been waiting-for BQ^ie time, entered upon the final ceremonies of feminine leavetaking..'.These consisted ih kissing Mrs. Gaston and Annie, and in saying ihey would be " so glad" to seie tHem—Ihey really must jcome soon," and then a brief conversation of not more than a quarter of an hour followed, as the visitors descended the stepis. Never was Mr. Jack, Daintrees more delighted than in offering. his assistance to the ladies on this occasion! He bowed with the sweetest smiles^ gently pushed the somewhat angular elbows of the three ladies as they got into-the carriage,, closed the door with- a sigh of delight,, and saw the vehicle roll- away with the devoutest thanks. At last. His hour had come. The carriage had. rolled. around the circle, passed through the tall gateway which closed with a clarig, and' was heard rattling away. Even Annie seemed to feel that it would be heartless- in her to-remain down stairs, and ran by Mrs. Gaston with a wicked smile npon her lips, which brought a rosy blush to the face of the pretty Mrs. Gaston, exclaiming as she did so: "I must go,and. fix my hair, Auntie. It's tumbled down, and will take me at least an hour." Mr. Jack Daintrees could have embraced the speaker out of pure gratitude. But he had no thoughts now for any one but the pretty widow. There she stood in the moonlight with her rosy cheeks, her pouting lips, her little white hand raising to those lips the small lace handkerchief, while with the Other hand* on which a diamond, sparkled, she re-arranged the white rose in lier hair. To state that Mr. Daiirtrees was-flooded, well high drowned in happiness,,, as he gazed upon this, figure,,would be scarcely to express the whole, truth. He was the most fortunate of men. Who but must envy his lot • Had not a hundred glances from those eyes informed hint that he was not indifferent to their owaer I Had not he poured forth liis love in the swamp? Had not his angel then glanced sweetlv at him, cast down, her eyes, and when he to litter but "one word," replied with blushes that she would prefer uttering it " at The Hollies I" What other meaning could she have- than this, that the answer would be " yes ?" It was with such thoughts passing, through >his <jniiid that Mr. Jack Daintrees now approached the pretty Mrs. Gastoit as- she: stood in the moonlight, watching the gate through which her visitors; had just disappeared ; and .eager, ardent, thrilling with the near approach of the supremely happy moment, stretched out his hand to take the pretty hand of the mdewr. It would please the. writer of this page to leave the figures thus—to discontinue the 'harrativb-^-aildi^to .Bet fall the veil of coiivenance before Mr. Iteuntrees and Mrs. , Gaston, leaviii^ ^h^ reat to the imagination. ;• .'.' !../.=;i , •";;>'.":: But such, a ^proceeding; is impossible. Events occurred suddenly which lhust be recorded. Fate rushed upon Mr. Daintreesi •.•-.••• Just as he reached, out his hand to take •Mrs. - Gaston's, cries were heard one or two hundred , yards in front of The Hol- , lies, and 'the alarmed character of the outcries' in 1 question w^s unmistakable. "Oh me,", exclaimed Mrsi Graston, " something has happened. Ah accident. Perhaps fatal. Dp make haste Mr. Daintrees—" Mr.. ;©aintrees- groaned. He was not an unamiable person, but he went somewhat deliberately.-' In fact "he met the -three lady visitors -walking back toward The Hollies. ." . ' ' " Oh, my dear Mr. Daintrees, such a terrible accident., l([y, poor nervps—just,' tcijthiiiM^ and th^reis Mrs. Gaston running to iaeet us,, and .Miss Annie. Oh, my dear Mrs. Gastpn,,it is a Providence that we were not : "killed. .The wheel, oh my dear ;Mrs. Gastojij the. wheel. It suddenly fell to pieces with a crash. Thomas, the driver, says it.was dished. What" is 'dished V I onlyknowthat We have mercifully escaped deatii i" -' Having presented a very slight portion of the excellent lady's observations we proceed .to. stfate in one, sentence that the wheel -of the carriage-had run over a rock and broken, to' "pieces, thereby -disabling thervehicle.i. i • ; The ^result was' that the' lady visitors were cdmpelled to sp^nd, the %iight ait The 'HollieV^ , to "send i^em liome. Jon ihe, next, mobbing in her carriagei if feeir own was inrei»rable. ;To this they, consented, vand; having seated hereelf comfortably iji tlie dsawing-rooin, the iworthy old lady proceeded to narrate once more, with - every paiticular, and at extreme length, her fearful; accident and .''; Mr. Ds^trees did .npt hear tliis iiarrativep' TJttering a groan wluchiBight have ,, ^melted, the h^rt :,ot hispij^erest <^nemy, lie had taken' his leave, and Vas—we »re .spj.ry;tp say-^swearing; on. the .way back <to The Lodge. V: « lu.'. . ; On "the -diy.'after 1 this • scene, at about -ar law ^aipe'Sr.'-' The unfortunate jooan W-^s iflife ghpst tof' 'M)f'3fewr older/and liis appeara^e^ nb^ion^r mdi<-"' - which; he- Md ^orme^ly; indulged'upon allTOC^sionsl Pecuniary trouble and domestic disobrd' had changed Mr.- Ormby. was sullen," feppke to .^ayview seemed unavoidable unless^some be iJfe^Ised t-o'iatis^^. ^atjie^ '^feffiftiirfrily ineans ^m^o^ibj^^t) Tiim't •;jEfh iredit upon re^,l csl#te, already coyei^d by a lien to the fi'teul <5f its value—but one resource was left to him—the marriage of Marian and Allan Giutrell. If that could be efFect&d;, he tvouldbe able to gain time. . His creditor would .indulge him a little longer, if liopea were held out of payment, through tlie .instrumentality of so wealthy a son-in-law^; That w:is the .sole and'only ' means—the single barrier between hiiii and utter 'biitskriiptcy ; he' owed it to his family, to his daughter herself—the unhappy man reflected—to effect ihe match, and Mr. Onnby, who had let the''lawpaper fall from his' gragp, to indulge in this train of gloomy thought, saw all. at once through the window the approaching figureof Mr. Allan Gartrell. Mr. Gartrell was met at the door by Mr.' Onnby, and conducted into rthe- libraiy, .where a prolonged, interview took place between them. With a sort of sinking, at his heart Mr. Orpiby. perceived} or thought that he had perceived, a decided diminution inlVlr. Allan Gartrell's anxiety to consummate the marriage with 3ii» daughter. The truth "was that Allan Gartrell, Esq.,- had spent' some hours in profound reflection, after hearing bertain rumors of Mr. Orniby's-pecuniary troubles, and had come to .the conclusion that perhaps it would not be so very desirable after all to wed the daughter of a" possible bankrupt. This lie dissembled, however, simply protesting against the employment of any means of coercing the yonng lady's- action-—he could not consent, he said,; to force liimself upon any family. - To which Mr. Ormby responded that his daughter was actuated simply by caprice—there could iand would be no real difficulty^ and leaving the matter in that ambiguous condition, Mr. Allan Gartrell bowed and departed. : This interview' drove the depressed, angry, and nervous Mr. Ormby well-ni^h to frenzy., Here was the rich suitor already suspicious and growing cool. He had no doubt heard the rumor of the approaching sale at Ba^iew. Or if he liad not heard it, he would hear it. Thpre was no time to be lost. Thereupon Mr. Ormby rose nei-vously, jerked down the bell-cord,, a servant ran, and a message was sent to Marian tliather father' ^vfihe'd to see her in 'tlie' "library; • 1 ' - Ten minutes afterwards the poor girl, as white as, a ghost, and fearfully thin, made her Appearance, slowly dragging her steps toward her father. At sight of her pale face his heart bled within hiin ; but nerving himself with, the coolness of a ruined and despairing man, he announced his will—that she should prepare to marry Mr. Gartiell in thr/ee davs from that time. Marian did hot reply. She stood looking at the floor, and twisting backward and forward-in her thin fingers, a paper which she was uneenscious of holding— it was a note written her by Geo rye Cleave during their engagement. When Mr.' Ormby, who had spoken in a low and hoarse, but determined voice, ended what he had to say, reiterating his fixed will and order, Marian raised her eyes, fixed them for a .moment upon her father, seemed to understand in a dull sort of whv that the interview was over, and without speaking turned and went with the same slow dragging steps out of the room. As she reached the hall the sound of steps attracted her attention. She slowly raised her eyes. At the front door stood a portly individual in an ample waistcoat, grasping a stick, and wearing an enormous black hat. Th's gentleman had been smiling - benevolently. At sight of the young slady,,.with her frightful pjjllor and her attenuated figure,all these smiles disappeared,, and the face of Mr. Brown, for it was that gentleman, grew cold and " Vour father, Miss — ?" He uttered the words almost unconsciously, and Marian, simply moved her thin hand in a mechanical manner toward the library. Then she dragged- her-slow slow steps up 1 stairs and disappeared. Mr. Brown stood perfectly motionless for some moments gazing after her. His expression was singular. It was a mixture of deep pity, indignation and sternness^ AE- a£ once: he heard a step ; Mr. Ormby came out of the library, and with a' stiff boiv Mr. Brown asked if he had the pleasure of addressing Mr. Ormby ? " You- ha\te v sir," said Mr. Ormby with a temporary return of his habitual |hauteur. " May ! ask "the occasion of y our visit, sir ?" " I wish to know if you have any timber upon this' estate^ which you: wish to sell standing* and if so oh what terms you will dispose of.it,". said Mr. Brown, eyeing his, companion with a keen and fixed glance. Mr. Ormby cleared' his throat and was. about to -grasp. this offer,' to" secure ready money- But a moment's reflection told him that, the- safe of, the timber was not practicable^ It would alarm his creditor, and hastea .hsrsh ;measures ; in addition to which^ the- proceeding would not be precisdy. heriest. . . - ..- i ; " I. have none fo«- aaje>. ar/' he said stiffly. ^ -J Mr. Brown bowed as stiffly, and said— "I 5> will • then bid you -good morrjing, ' i Sir. . , . With whicii words -he went out and mounted his horae. • ' _ - , . " That ihan's very look disgusts me,"' he said.... To •come into^these sweet rurural scenes, as the . poet says, and find such people. , Well^ I ami a little tired of my visit to "Virginia. I will bring my visit hpre to ah end without l6ss of time. Thai poor girl; and they are going to force her into a marriage that she hates. Well, I wont swear, but ithey.oount without John Brown." . - Having uttered these.,>wordta John Brown rode on and ^disappeared. Marian did Jiot come down to dinuer, and only toward night glided into her mothers room. -"-The poor lady was completely overawed by her harsh husband, had been unable t(> affoM 'thfe girl any consolation br'hopdy and Marian did not seem to expect any, now. She sat down beside hair' pother .on a cricket,'; leaned her head iipon the,, Heebie- fcnees,. and drawing hw jnptjier's hand to heri placed it on her 'head :holding it thei® for soma time..; .During ,this time her lipa.moved, andsiiesfeemed to be traying.' "At last she cose, - stood for~,an .instan^. gazing at her mother with' inflamed eyes, and then and went slowly back to her chamber, the dpot of «3u<Bh<she «loaied behind her.. ; On the Bext momii^g the ymjngbidy fdid fibt^me ^oyn ^'tfi^lcfest; ah® Mr.. 5>rmby s^t a iriaift to stimmoli her., * 5 .-^iSfli. a tfr^ghtened face, and said that Miss Marian . . in: her chambor K and her bed had aiot been d !•*!- ifflri^i jtlie unhappy man;- ; ^;";•,'.• . - s " Ko, sirw"-' ';•: ,"» • ... J-i WGbJ" . - i-i -.-IT And nvitli a tdeep gtxmn the nHSftrablo father let-his head faH -tablfe? her home—whither no .one oould divfite^ 