MAEK TWAIN SOLD IN NEWARK. IT is seldom pleasant to tell on oneself, but sometimes it isa sort of relief to a man to make a ead confession. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved, to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm is, but I believe it is the correct expression .to use io this connection never bavins: seen any balm.) ! Iou may 'remember that Í lectured in j Newark lately for the young gentlemen I of tbe Clayonian society ? I did at any rate, i During the afternoon of thal day I I was talking with one of the young i gentleman just referred to, and he said ? be had an uncle who, from some cause or ! other, deemed to have grown perma I nently bereft of all emotion, j And with tears in h's eyes this young I man said : " Ob, if I could only see bim J laugh once more! Oh, if I could only see him weep !" I was touched. I could never withstand distress. I said : " Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him fur you." " Oh.if I conld but do it ! If you could but do it, all our family would bless you forevermore-for he is so very dear to us. Ub, my benefactor, can.you make him laugh ? can you brin? soothing tears to tboBe parched orbB?" I wns profoundly mored. I said : " My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes io that lecture that will make bim laugh if there is any laugh in bim ; aod if they miss fire, I have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." . Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and blew his nose on my coat tail, and went after his uncle. . He placed him tn full view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began OD bim I tried bim with mild jokes, then with severe ones I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old stale jokes into him and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot new ones; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind ; I fumed and sweated and charged and routed till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furioue ; but I never moved him once-I never started a smile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture Î I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek-with one wild burst ¡ of humour, and hurled a joke of super- natural atrocity full at bim ! Then I sat down bewildered and i exhausted. [ The president of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said : " What made you carry on so to the last?" I said I was trying to make that con- founded old fool laugh, in the second row. And he said : " Well, you were wasting your time, because ho is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger .'" Now was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I simply ask you, as a mau and a brother, if that was any way for him to do?-Mark Twain. 