Ghosts in Australia. (From Chamber's Journal.) IN the spring of 185-, I was employed in driving a numerous hard of store- cattle from New England down into the Melbourne country. The grass was plentiful, and the cattle travelled along at their leisure across the wide plains which lie between the Lachlan, Murrum- bidgee, and Edward Rivers. It was nearly sunset on a fine evening in August when we came to Deniliquin, where the crossing-place of the last named river is situated; and driving the cattle down into an angle of the Edward, we camped close to the foot of the sandhill on which the township is built. There were two or three other herds of cattle and some flocks of sheep waiting to cross in the morning, and as several of the men in charge of them went up to Billy McIntyre's public- house, and then came down to our camp- fire, there was soon a pretty large crowd of bushmen assembled round it. Some of them had brought bottles of rum from the inn, and as the grog circu- lated, we began to discuss the various routes by which we had travelled. There was a long argument as to the best track, across the Old Man Plain; but, as almost all of us were in favour of that by Lang's crossing-place, that point was almost settled, when an Australian stockman named Driscoll started what he seemed to consider an unanswerable objection, by asking us, how we would avoid the Black Swamp, and the ghost of the 'trotting cob?' This speech was received with a roar of laughter; but Driscoll jumped up in a rage, and said: 'You may laugh as much as you like, boys; but as sure as I am standing here, I saw it myself, worse luck, and seeing's believing.' Of course, when we heard this, we were all anxious to hear the story; and by the aid of a little judicious flattery and a pannikin of grog, we succeeded in appeasing Driscoll's passion, and pre- vailing on him to tell us his adventure, which he did in the following words: 'You nearly all know Wantabadgery Station above Wagga Wagga. Well, two years ago, Bill Kelly and I took three hundred fat beasts from there to fetch them into Bendigo. The feed was good, and we came down the river bank till we reached Lang's, where we crossed the cattle. It was late in the afternoon when we fot out on the plain: and the sun was just dipping as we were abreast of the Black Swamp; so we rounded up the cattle, and derermined to stop there for the night. We hobbled our horses close at hand, lit our fire, and had our suppers. Then we agreed that I should take the first watch: so Kelly rolled himself up in his possum-rug, and I went down to have a look at the cattle and horses. I found them all right, so I went back to the fire, heaped on fresh fuel, and then stretched myself down to have a comfortable smoke. I was pretty tired with riding all day, and the fire was hot, so in a short time I dozed off. I must have slept three or four hours, for the cold awoke me, as the fire was very low; so I got up and put on more wood, and then I thought I'd just go round the cattle before I waked Kelly to take his watch. So I caught and saddled my horse, and rode away to the cattle-camp. The moon was at the full, and shining brightly, and the beasts had drawn out on the plain to feed; so, of course, I started to hear them back. I was cantering along when all of a sudden the leading cattle came galloping back, and as they wheeled, a man passed close to me, tiding a bald-faced cob, and com- ing from the opposite direction. Now, Kelly's horse was bald-faced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rode on towards the camp. When I got there, to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and apparently ................... very naturally ...................... roughly, ............. he got up, ........ to him; "Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying down again when you know it's your watch." "Lying down again?" replied he. "Why, I never woke at all till now." "What!" cried he "do you want to deny that yen passed me just now out on the plain heading back the cattle? I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough." 'At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot. "Saddle up for your life, Driscoll," said he, "and let us be off. You've seen the ghost of the trotting cob, and we're both dead men." 'Well, we jumped on our horses, and by daybreak we had got as far as Broderip's Station; and next night we camped just where we now are; but that very trip, Kelly was drowned in the Campaspe, and I broke two ribs, and my collar-bone. So I for one would sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black Swamp, and chance seeing the ghost of the trotting cob.' When Driscoll was finished, the con- versation naturally turned on apparitions, and 'Fisher's Ghost' was triumphantly quoted as an unanswerable argument in their favour; but there were still several who laughed at the idea of such things. At last a bullock- driver from the Sydney side said: 'There are ghosts', there's no denying; and I'll tell you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know the man who saw it, and you can ask himself about it. Many of you have been up the Murray towards Albury, and have passed Brown's Station, just above Quart- Quart. Well, when I was a government man, I was doing my time near Camden, and in those days Brown had a farm near the Cow-pastures, close to where I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, and stopped there five or six months, putting up huts and yards, and breaking in cattle to the run; so when he thought everything was going on well, he started for down country, in- tending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horseback, for there were no mail coaches on the Murray then, and as he pushed on pretty sharp, he was very tired when he got to the Myrtle Creek. He told Thompson, the landlord, to call him early in the morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, and then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him, and when be opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before he could speak to her, she told him "to get up," and went out of the room at once. Well, Brown was greatly surprised, of course, at seeing her at that place, but he thought that she had come to meet him, so he got up and dressed himself. When he went down, he looked in the parlours; but as he could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last, the noise he made roused up the landlord, and he came and asked what the matter was. "Why," say's Brown, "I want my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid herself." "You're dreaming, man," cried the landlord. "How can your wife be here. You know she's at the Cow-pasture Farm." "What!" rejoined Brown; "do you mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed?" "Of course she didn't," replied the landlord, "for I locked the door when I went to bed, and the key is under my pillow." With that, Brown grew quite frightened. "Saddle my horse at once," said he, "for so sure as I'm a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to-night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home." With that, he mounted and galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, he came close to the Cow-pasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see there was something unusual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working-men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his horse, and was going at once into his house, but one of his neighbours came out, and met him at the door. This gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could, what had taken place. Now boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants. but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stop- ping the rations of the government men, and sending them up to court. There was one man in particular she took a dislike to; he could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his fifty lashes at the nearest court- house. At last, he got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said: "I'll get you fifty lashes more on Monday next." "I may get the fifty," cried he, "but you'll not live to know of it:" and with that he lifted the axe he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow-pastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle Creek: so you see, boys, there can be no doubt but that ghosts do sometimes appear on earth." 'Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come to the camp, 'for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and as it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it. You that are from the Sydney side may recollect the time when the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, I'd been shepherding at Wargoola, near Car- coar, and when the shearing was over I ............................. a .... and ....................... some things........................... Well, of course, in a few days I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start, I fell in with .... Jack. He was .............. mine, and he'd been down in ......... some weeks, so you may be sure he had "p.......... to ....." He was looking for a job; so i told him to come with ¶ me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, for they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said he was "glad of the chance," sp he rolled up his blankets; I got my traps and a couple of bottles for the road, and away we went out of Bathurst. We had been nobbierising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started: so we walked along very gaily, and never took any notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and there we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping- place as we walked on; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. "Come on," said Jack; "we're all right now; there's some overlanders over there with cattle, and we'll go down to their camp." With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest fire; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We coöeed, but there was no answer; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it there was no one there either; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speaking of in Bathurst; so I told jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit or pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece out of one of the bottles, and then jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if I was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off we went towards the next fire; and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling on wood. "There's your ghost for you," says Jack. "Hollo, mate, will you have a glass?" But the figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer, By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders — nothing but a blood- stained stump of a nek, and yet he was going about quite contentedly feeding the fire. i thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said: "Come on: we'll grab him, ghost or no ghost." Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink; I took another, and then Jack ran around the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got to the other side, we could see the headless Shep- herd standing between us. " I have you now," cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell; and when we came to courselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood-ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola; but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after.' This story started the dispute about spirits afresh, for there were some 'new chum' present who had never read the Bathurst papers, of the period and they said that rum was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate had seen on King's Plains. However, the 'old hands' would not listen to this and the dispute began to grow furious. At last, Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage: 'It's my belief, ye're no better than haythens, and the next thing you'll do will be to deny the "Coöee Hut." ' This was eveidently considered a conclusive argu- ment by all the old bushmen, and their opponents were compelled to confess their ignorance of the Coöee Hut, and to ask for an account of it. For a short time, Jim Ryan refused to satisfy them, but at last he allowed himself to be persuaded. 'The hut we call the Coöee or Men- dering Hut is out on the Yareko Creek, at the back of Goree Run; and the way it got that name was this: At the time when the Billibong and Yareko were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emigrant, and had not been long in the colony, so they used to keep him about the home station chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the draughting yards occasionally. Well, it happened that one of the shep- herds had a row with the overseer, and got discharged at once; so, as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The hut is twenty-five miles back from Goree; so the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, mid then stopped a day with him, to show him the run. Bill had no hut-keeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days: but one very hot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of the day, when the sheep were in camp, and did not awake till they were drawn out. He was, as I told you, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely up and down, looking for the dock, until he lost himself completely. The dusk was coming on, so be began coöeeing till he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning he started again, but he had got con- fused: and you know the Yureko country is very puzzling, for the sand- hills and plains are so much alike, it's very hard to tell one from another. Well, poor Bill tried to travel by the sun: but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so he was dying of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He coöeed again and again, till he fell exhausted, and there he lay till morning. In the morning he arose and crawled a few yards, then down he sank, and there he perished. Meanwhile, the sheep had gone to ¶ ¶heard: ................... had not been in ............... great fright he called ............. ¶ ¶ teachers ............ passing, I ................ dark .................. course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses, and w..... the hut. We were just getting our supper when we heard a kind voice, and then another and another. of course, we answered at once for we were, in hopes that it was Bill White coming up: but the sound came no nearer, though the coöee was repeated every four or five minutes. We then thought that per- haps he had been hurt, and could not walk; so several of us went out to look for him, but we could see nothing of him, though the coöeeing still continued, and very ........ In the morning at day- light we started, and the Blacks very soon found poor Bill's track: it was by them that it was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they tracked all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat. and where he slept, and at last brought us to where his body lay: and strange to relate, he had died within less than a mile of his home: but it was on a different side to that on which he had been accustomed to take out the sheep. We buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may see his grave fenced in: but since that time, no one will live in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard coöee- ing: and plenty who never heard of the story, and have chanced to camp in the neighbourhood, have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Coöee Hut.' When this tale was ended, midnight had passed sometime: and as we had all to be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward River, there a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to their respective camps: while I, rolling myself into my opposum- rug, went off into dreamland, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease can never hope to enjoy. 