GDILTY 0B JNOT^GUILIT. I LBlTHBAUTH0aOFBBBAOH©PPa&MfflB;,»ft0 , I Ohaptbb XLTI1I.— CoHTnnrBD. ? xie waa alone-qaite. alone— always alona ? whether in the Bohtude of a crowS^ or iffi ? hxs- own i chamber. -?«-«*? Nothing so isolatea the heart, the uninrl the I soul of man, as the ooBBeiousneaa of an'rin ? suspeoted, nnaottnowledged crime. He who has a Beoret which no one can. share ghastl* memories of horror and guilt, not buried, brit hidden in the dark reoeBBes of hu aouUhcL whose whole life is haunted by terrors of which no liTing being has any knowledge or conoen. tion— what intimacy, what sympathy, what friendship can he enjoy ? He knows, he feek that the very men who oonrt, and f raise and honour him, and who bewail his being so ven reserved, and silent, and inaccessible, would, 3 they knew what he had done, turn from him with horror and loathing, and perhaps be tbj very first to gire him up to justice. He felt that bis whole life waa one lie; for what else were the refon&s;, the charities, the philan. thropio undertakings, the moral lectures, thj pious Bpeeches, schemes, speculations, and plans of a Murderer—a Fratricide F Poor wretch I As he lay in his darkened room on the first day of the inquest, how the pale ghosts of the Past thronged his chamber arid seemed to gather round his bed! He had taken latterly to opium, morphia, and other strong sedatives, to stupefy. Conscience paralyse Memory, and loll Thought to rest! Alas I even the sleep the narcotics produced was haunted by hideous visions, dreams, and nightmares; and the reaction was so terrible aa to resemble madness, and often to tempt him to suicide 1 He had juat swallowed a strong dose of opium, and had given orders that he might not be disturbed, He need not have feared inter. ruption. There was nothing of the sweet officionsness of woman's love in his vain, cold, fashionable wife. Edith, who felt for all who lived, and whose feelings of filial duty were so deep and strong— Edith, had she been at homo, would probably have knooked at her father's door, to know if she could do anything j to comfort him and to cheer him. But the j reader knows where Edith was on the first day of tbe.inqneBt; and in her absence no one ' approached tbe Earl's chamber, . I Alas 1 alas ! much as he dreaded the ghoul and ghost-haunted solitude of that chamber o{ horrors, he dreaded still more the outer world where, in the broad daylight, people were, aB ht» well knew, gathering in knots, and talking, j with pale faces and bated breath, of the murder I on the Flats, and comparing it with that ghastly deed of blood in the Black Wood, of j fiveand-cwenty years ago. He felt an instinc tive conscioasness that the comparison of those j two foul and bloody, mnrders mast suggests.! itself to every mind. There were such strong 1 points of similarity, in the two crimes. Th» ?! age of the victims was the same. .Both were j noble, both in the early prime of manhood, I Both were so popular, so beloved, that neither j could have been supposed ever to have made an ] enemy, or to have excited the. .ill-will of any j human being. And yet both were murdered j in the open face of day, on their own ancestral j estates; and in both oases suspicion fell on I innocent men, 1 Rough Hob was (as the living quaking Earl j too well knew) perfectly innocent of the crime 1 of which the verdict at the inquest fon&d; him J guilty, and for which he was committed to 1 M ? gaoL And the Earl of Bockalpise felt J a strong, an irresistible conviction, tbat Arthur 1 Bertram was .as guiltless of the deed of blood 1 and guilt as Bough hob was of thatighastl? 1 murder in the Black Wood twenty. five long! years ago; and yet the same verdict of wilful J murder was recorded against him, and he was I now lying in the same gaol from which Rough j Bob had escaped. I Oh 1 what a mockery was thU ! What » j moral does this great man's abject fate convey '? j What power have Title, Bank, Wealth, Power, 1 Reputation, if the oenscienoe is burdened with I a secret crime? 1 The state bed shakes, the pnrple velvet hang- 1 ings quiver, for the wretched inmate of that I costly bed, the great and potent Lord of I Rockalpine, is writhing with Kemorse, palsied I with Despair, quaking with abject Terror ! I Sons of Labour, slaves of the Loom, or of I the Soil! sleep— sleep soundly on yaur truckle 1 beds, if ' the princely heart of innocence' beats 1 in your breasts; and if, on some brief holiday, I yon read this ' ower true tale,' compare your I state with that of guilty Grandeur, and go 1 forth to your duly toil for your bread, con- I tent i I Towards evening the wretched Earl of Bock. I alpine, worn oat with the agony of his mind, 1 and overcome by the fames of the opium lie I had swallowed, sank iato a troubled, nig'at- I mare-ridden sleep. It seemed to him that be 1 awoke with a start from a vivid dream of early 1 days of love— of his brother HauteviUe, of his 1 mother, the fair OountesB of Bockalpine, ana I of that beautiful Olariesa Croft, her protegee, I whom both himself and his brother had to I madly loved. He fancied that he awoke with I a start from this dream, and sat up in his bed; I when a stream of moonlight gushed through I 6ome holeB in the closed shutters of his win' I do ws, filling the centre of tbe room with* I slanting oolnmn of silvery light, and flood' 1 iog with radiance the rich carpet of velvet! pile. I The moonlight was odious to the guilty bibb,;| and he was about to sprisg out of bed to draw; I tbe purple velvet window-enrtains close, and 1 exclude its radiance, when a cold wind seemed I to pass over his face and person, and^n invis- I ible hand to force him back upon his pillow. ? icy cold, damp with horror, and perfectly 1 cold and motionless, three forms, larger, 1 younger, and, if possible, more beautiful than i those he had; just seen in his dream, and 1 known in life, appeared in that oolnmn of ? moonlight— first ..as faint pntlineR, and then, by ? degrees, as maturing into perfect though semi- M transparent figures- ' ' I The ' spirits' seemed to Lord Bookalpine to a advance towards his bedside; and in tbe Btately a beauty of those maje«tio forms, and.the melaa-J chuly radiance of those angelic but reproaohf cl M faces, the cold, still,' motionless Eari recognised m hia mother, his brother, aad tbe object of hi-fl first wild passion lore, Olariesa Orotti Mi a it seemed to him that his mother led OlnriBaa a by the hand' to bis bedside, and pointed toaa wedding ring on her finger, and that his I brother, taking her other hand, eaid, 1 ?Wilfred, beheld Lady Hauteville!' 1 And in extending his arm, the white draper; 1 which bis elder brother wore was blown aside, ? and a large stain of blood showed the epat 1 where the fratricide had shot him to the heart I 1 And then bis murdered brother said with » I melancholy sternness, . 1 ? Cain 1 Gain 1 kno west thon me P Dost thoa , I remember the twenty-second of 'October, and I the Black Wood P Arthur is innocent!— 1 Arthur Lorraine, tbe real Earl of EookalpiBe, I eon of thy murdered elder brother. Lord I Hauteville, and of Clarissa, his wife, U inno- I cent! Use, then, thy blood-wrought power I to defeat his enemies, and to nrnve his inn0' I cence; restore to him the rights, titles, and I estates which are his, because they would have ? been mine. Confess thy crime — give tby Beu ? up to justice ; death of the body is preferable ? to thai of the a-ml. Feek out my Clarissas ? father i remind him of his vow to see zbt ? Arthur righted as soon as our father was no a »nre. ana my eon of age. Bid him publiuh ^StS^sl^githnBC,: be has the proofs. fStothee to tell thee tbat thy tortures, tw torments, thy days of anguish, and thy ?teeplesB nights, are known to us m oar blissful home on hi|n; and we come (permuted to do «ol to tell thee how thon mayeat win eternal nardon. Choose, then, thy doom. ConfenB, rAsien restore. Do. jnetice to the eon, thon X didst slay the father. OonfesB thy cn«e, eive thyself op to justice on earth, and ensure £erw and pardon on high. Beeign thy blood-bought honours, Usarper— Murderer— 'No'1 no, no !' shrieked wildly and aloud the Earl of Rockatpine. ' Hence— avaunt I Ye are false spiritB~ye would beguile me to ™»rninl WV brother had no wife— no son; or if Arthnr Bertram be his son (and 1 own tb'e vivid likeness has often struck me), he is —be ronst be illegitimate! There ie no Earl of Rockalpine save myself!' ' Arthur Lorraine is the trne Earl of Boekalpine,' said in a sepulchral voice what seemed to the excited Fratricide to be his broth er's ghost. ' Confess, repeat, resign, restore, or perish eternally!' ' Never, never ! 1 will never confess aught, resign augbt, restore aught J' wildly shrieked Lord Eockalpine, springing out of bed, and upsetting, as be did bo. a marble statue of Wilfred, first Earl of BockalpiEe. The Ear himself fell to the ground stunned and sense less, for in falling he had struck his temple against the pedestal. The roise of the heavy fall of the marble statue was heard in the room beneath the Earl's, It was a sort of boudoir, in which the Countess of Bookalpise and Lady Ida were seated. The former was lecturing the latter on the favour and encouragement she showed to her dissolute brother, and on the miserable result of her own ' season' in town. ' Oh, heavens I what is that f cried Lady Ida, starting to her feet. ' What a heavy fall, and ia papa's room, too ! Ob J what can it btae was very pale, ana ner nanas, tignuy clasped, were pressed on her bosom. \- terhapa your father has had a fit of some kind,' said Lady Roebalpine. ? Ring the bell for Leblond and Mrs. Frosser,' (Mb valet and the old housekeeper). ' 1 am a great deal too nerroa3 and excitable to ventnre upstairs, after hearing that heavy fall. Your father has been very poorly, and has acted and looked in a very strange way ever since we have been here,' added her ladyship ; ' there's no knowing what may have happened V ' Oh, heavens ! what do you mean, mamma P, cried Lady Ida, rushing out of the room, and dartine upstairs, followed by M-b. Proaser and the Earl's valet, Leblond, whom she met at the door. The Earl's door was locked, but Mrs. Frosser had a paea-key, Leblond, who had at one time lived with a gambler who had committed suicide, tried to persuade the Lady Ida to retire. But Ida was a girl 'of some character, originality, and resolution. She was the first to enter the room, to rush to her. father's side, to bend over him, and try with her handkerchief to staunch the blood that welled up and streamed from his temple. Mrs. Prosser and Leblond lifted the Earl on to a sofa at the foot of his bed, TeBtoratires were administered, and consciousness was re stored. The Earl then explained that is getting out of bed to exclude the moonlight, which pre . vented his sleeping, he had stumbled, knocked down the marble statue of his ancestor, and fallen over it, striking Tub temple against the pedestal. He made no allusion whatever to his dream, or to the mysterious- and ghostly visitants' who were the cause of his leaving his bed. Be persuaded himself, or endeavoured to do so, that the vision of departed spirits, which had at first paralysed and then maddened him, formed in reality part of a frightful nightmaae and hideous dream, caused by the strong dose of opium with which he had tried to drown the voice of conscience. Perhaps he was rigbf, —perhaps it was merely a dream. Be that as it may, he bad no wish to dream such a dream again; and he requested the lady Ida to bring the ' Times,' and read to him; and he ordered Leblond to make up a bed on the Eofa at the foot of his couch. Alas, alas ! even while the Lady Ida read a glowing article on the results of the reforma tories and prison discipline which he himself had originated, and which proclaimed him ae the beiiefaotor of his epecies, be still saw with hi9 mind's eye that trio of departed spirits — he beheld that blot of gore on his brother's side —be heard those words—— ' Arthur Lorraine is Earl of Rockalpine ! Confess, resign, restore, or perish eternally !' 