? OUR ACCOUNTS.--All accounts connected with this Journal up to the end of the last quarter, June 30, will -be rendered during the week, and as we want Ihe CAFH to meet our engagements, we Bball feel obliged if our subscribers and adversers will endeavour to make some arrangements for the settlement of the 6ainiBj, £ .. , •; . . P ? I , CE l PRODUCE,—Maize'is quoted at from W HW.II! Sydney,.and potatoes at £4 5s, At Melbourne, niaize Is ruling at 4s 7d per bushel, WKFILEYAK-The -Rev. J. Philips will preach In uie Wesleyan Chfapel; Terrara, cm Sunday, the 11th instant, morning and evening, at the usual hours; and at Forest Lodge, athalf-paRt-2 p.m. on tbe same day. ] 1 : ; . •• r:> ' E^i^fok-Jn' the wSfl of Donald t S l i o p l h a v e n , afterwaWs of RieHitfond River, and lafe of Solferino Dltrgiugs, in the Colony of New South Waleivmitier deceased, intestate. After the expiration cf fourteenda™ from^the publication hereof, jm ir i • t'' 6 Supreme Court, In its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, that letters of adunnistration, of ithe goods, chattels, credits and-effects of the nhovenamcd Donald M'Kenzie deceasedv rnpy (>e granted to Mary M'Pherson. a X dewasS t ° f ki ° of eaid RESBAVE'ROD ApraoAcn TO BRIDGE—in unr- Buance of the provj fii„„ 6 „f the 4th section of the Crown iL^i^s, AJif-nation Act of 1861,4he land epecifi^jn^^Mule appended hereto sba JJo. 37. C-.untyof Camden, parish of Bugone «bout4, ?cr^ Tl.c Crpwn ,Lands witl.in U?e owjii^r |'Oiini|anas t, Commencing on the i«m 20 : ami hooped oh^tlie o^t by |)Brt of the wcBtboiiudary of that Mitib'n luring south 12 cbnips; tlience by -fljine beaiing w^st to the jorthemfk t>on 40; thcnce on the south-west by the northeastbo^jgryof (hatnortionjiortli-westoly to the K.ngaVoo^vfer ^ . e ^ ty that dver un- A Nbw BAN&~It;will*be seanby advertisement in another column, that aBrobch of the jEn lish, Scottishi:-:#n tj.'A uetralian Dliartet-ed Bnn ing. Company iias- been-' "opened at Brough ton Creek, onderthe managership of "Mr. R Finlayson. This will be a great acquisition tt our friends at the Creek, and the surrounding localities of Kangaroo Vajley, the Vale, &c.; OBANOB CELEDRATioK.—The Lodges - Nos. 70, 55, anil 42 of the Lbyal Orange: Institution in this district, intend to celebrate the 12th July by a_public picnic at Bomaderry, upon which occasion h variety of Sports to consist of. running, jumping, throwing tlio Jiani'nier, &c.;, &c.;, will take place. To meet the rcsidentsjrf the south side of the liver, arrangementsIrnve been made with Mr. G. Davis, the lessee of the Bomaderry -Fen-y^o take-over all those who intend to join in the day's holiday from this side of the river at half fares. ; ' DEPARTURE OF THE SUEZ MAIL.—People de sirous of sending letters by the P. and O. Co.'i steamer Ceylun, to leave Melbourne on Tuesday next, are reminded that the branch steamer Ellora, will leave Sydney for Melbourne on Friday, and that the latest timo for posting letters and pnpers in Slioalhaven, will be to-morrow, in time for the outgoing mail. THE GRAVEUR COMPANY.— The performance or the above Co., on Monday night last, whs considered to be as great a sell as has ever been perpetrated at Moruya. . There was one novel feature in the course of the 'evening, viz., a black ghost! Many of the audience appeared to be ashamed at being present, and we are glad to perceive that the public taste of Moruya was above the delectable trash (we might eay disgusting buffoonery) exhibited before them on the ocsaBion we are noticing,—Examiner• NEW BAKER.—Another linker, we understand intends starting business ir. .Slioalhaven. Mr. Carney, who fur some time carried on business in Braidwood, has taken one of those cottages i lie property of Mr. John Lamond, in Terrara where he purposes erecting an oven, and opening a baker's chop. Mr. Carney appears to be well known in Slioalhaven, for hjs father and family have been residents of the district for i couple of generations. We have km-wn Mr. Carney for the last twelve years as a baker, and as such, we believe the district has acquired another useful member of society by his settling in our midst. A SACRIFICE.—On Friday last, Messrs. Richard son and Wrench sold (?) at their Auction Booms, Sydney, a farm of 110 acres known as Feehan's grant near the Bay for the low price of 18s, per acre. A Mrs. Davis is the fortunate purchaser of a property, which if the proposed railway along the coast is carried out will be a fortune._ Had the vendor thought of instructing the auctioneers to spend 4s.-fid. in giving due publicity to this sale, one third of its value at least would have been realized. It is not long since the same firm of auctioneers sold a large estate containing over 1000 acres, in the same neighbourhood, for the sum of 5s. poracre; which had publicity of the sale been given, there are many in this district who would, give willingly £1 per acre, but unfortunately for the owners of landed property desirous of realizing the auctioneers of Sydney have adopted the '• penny wiBe and pound foolish " policy of the Government in withholding local publicity of land sales, and as a consequence the public -lands of ihe country, as alno the private estates of individuals are sacrificed in many instances at third and fourth of their real value. CONCERT.—The residents of Pyree, and neigl: bouihood,' are to be favored with a treat next week. They will notice by reference to our ad vertiseruent columns, that a grand conceit will take place at the Pyree School House, on the evening or Wednesday, July 14. Tbe programme is a very full one, and the songs both comic and sentimental have been chosen witli great care atui taste. There will be a good moon in the night named, and as there is every probability of the weather hulding line, the roads in the locality will be in splendid condition. ANNUAL PLOUGHING MATCHES, -r The programme for the Annual Ploughing Matches of the Shonlliaven Agricultural Association will be found in another column. They are to take place this year, on Wednesday, August 4th, by the kind permission of David Berry, Esq., on bis estate, in the paddock known as the " Barley pnddock," Numba. The following are the prizes offered ;^-lst Class.—For ploughs of any kind and no limit to nuinhei of horses, without ( driver First prize, £5 (the successful compe titor to have the option of taking ti cup or medal in preference to cash) ; second prize, £3 10s; third prize, £1 10. 2nd Class.—For swing ploughs only, using either horses oi bullocks, with or without a driver: — First prize, £4 ; second prize, £2 10s; third prize, £1 5s. 3rd Class. — For youtliB, under 18 years of age,' any 6ort of plough, either bullocks or horses, with or without drivers : — First prize £3 ; second prize; third prize £1 Special Prize, for the best turnout of plough horses, and harness, the bona fide property of one owner, which shall have completed the'plough ingun the day of competition First prize, £2 Second prize, £1. Special Prizes from Mr John Watson :—For the best shaped lands, with equal number of furrows in each, £1 10s ; For the best finish, £1 10s. MUNICIPAL.—The Newcastle Pilot reports that the Borough Council of Wallsend enjoy financial advantages that but few municipalities in this colony can boa6t of. We learn that the income for the present year will reach £258813s., which is made up as follows ;—Rates froin the Wallsend Coal Company. £428 17s. lOd.; Co-operative Collieiy, £2G5 8s. 8d ; making a total from the two collieries alone of £<394 Gs.Cd., which, with the Government endowment, represents £1388 13s. The sum realisable from rates on other loi.al properties will be £600; on which c s t a a p q o j the Government endowment is unequal amount, and these sums added to the income from the oolleries, make up the stated total of £258813s. ALARMING STATE OF AFFAIRS AT WALGETT. A correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch thus thus humourously describes -the ilourlcss condition pf the people at Walgett:—" We are starving," and unless some one comes to the rescue we shall be cut down like a flower. Of cuurse the prospect may.appear poetical—distance may lend enchantment to the view. But if I do not waste my fragrance on the desert air, and go in for the dull cold marble business, mark but my fall and that which ruined me." The whole district is flourlesb, and it is no figure"of speech to add—powerless. Thcreare no drnyswithin 100 milfs.of Walsett, of any kind, and the roads will nut carry vehicles of any sort whatever—not even the mail coaches. In this plight, we learn from ;a Northern forwarding agency that the railway sheds are blocked up, and thai the teamsters are numerically incapable of' distributing this loading, {f the rpjids permitted,' Here's a qtiid for our soidisaht statesmen to chew. Here will be 1 glorious niiny, of ;mBrfyr8 to contemplate; Here will be: a political " Davenport" . : or, political seances. They will have to ewearin some borough councillors somehow to do it, or empire by—riiot effluxion of time anyhow. The Harwon has stopped rising. A " MOVING " appeal —We have been accu tomed, (says the local journal) for some months paBt, to buppjy a iwo-pnge " extra " with Friday's issue of the. Toumpprth.NffPS,/: but in consequence of the loss pf time invol ved in removing the oflSce of this journal, the proprietors have been unable to iissuo tbe usual supplement with this day's publication. Under these circumstances, we beg, pn behalf of the proprietors, the consideration of their constituents and our readers. ; This is the third and last remove of the Tanuoorth News office ;,unless, indeed, we reckon the pilgrininge up Kiiig- street,on tljis way to tbe infernal shrine presided"over by the Deffull, which the JVfeuuVprqprjetors tell usthey contem- )lnte making shortly. « Three renfcves are as aad as a fire " ; but the hope bur employers will not illustrate the truth bf the proverb—although the " badnn-Bs" or otherwise of a fire entirely depends upon the skill with which one euchros the Insurance Company, «r owe4er«i. - s .<-. - comfditip] Jknofgfe^r8 iijw ^IsJtinfe lthatmhiBMndi^u|I|is laf^ present feettinjijsis honest livTUioc^fanddoes notappeaKtoiiqfitempjate visiting the scone of ! Jiis \former ieip]orbi. A gentleman, Mr, R. Jcwell, known to many of our readers as a sometime resident in Young, but now domiciled in Sacramento, California, wrjtes to a friend here to say that he lately paid a visit 1 nndlifld a; glass of beer at the saloon in: Sati Francisco kept by Gardiner. The quondam bushranger is ^described as " doing wellf-fend keeping on the square," and is said to have inauired after the welfare of several; persons in this district, amongst them one who waB a fellow-confinee of his in Dnrlinghnrntgaol. He is also eaid to have stated that a yogng man named Paine, at one time residing at Forbes, and who many years since was convicted nr,d sentenced for being in possession of some stolen notes, was ,sn innocent sufferer, as he did not know that the notes were stolen. A MILUONAIUE.—The will of the late Joseph Love, Durham, has been proved by his widow.as sole executrix. The personal effects have boen sworn under one million of money. By this the exchequer receives £13,500 for probate stamp. A BROTHERLY ACT,—The Newcastle' Pilot says:—The'Society known as " Sons of Tomperperance " is banded together for a good pur'poso —the supressipn of the vice of intoxicatiou— but there is slso a Benefit Society connected with the order, which adds tangible advantage to members, through the medium cf weekly assistance in times of sickness, and the payment (to widows) of a,lump sum in case of death. Mr. Tiaccy, the deserving railway employe, who met his death by accident but recently, was a Son of Temperance, but at the time of his decease, some weeks had to expire before—according to the rules of the Benefit Society—h' could be entitled to full benefits. In consequence Mrs, Tracey did not receive a sum of £20, whichl had her husband lived a few weeks longer, Would have been here; but the Newcastle Sons of lemperance, although compelled to abide by their rules, have met the widow's difficulty in a truly brotherly spirit by privately subscribing. Yesterday a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Creer, Asher, and Wells waited on Mrs Trucey and handed to her the sum of £20. It is pleasurable to reoord such benevolence. ATTEMPT TO SHOOT THE QUEEN.—The British Medical Joamal says the youth O'Connor, who on the day of thanksgiving for the recovery of the Pi inee of Wales attempted to shoot the Queen, was arrested again on the 5th instant. Ihe Queen was holding a drawing-room reception at Buckingham Palace, and O'Connor was found stauding in the same place in front of the railings, as on former occasions, with a pointed pistol at the Queen. The arrest was quickly made, and O'Connor was sent to Hanwell Asylum by order of Sir Thoinas Henrv, Chief Magistrate of the Bow-street Police Court, cm the certihcates of two physicians, that the prisoner was subject to both homicidal and suicidal" mama. NEW M<DE OF COLLECTING.—At the Police Court yesterday (says the Northern Aigus) Thomas Mitchell was charged with wilfully destroying certain property belonging to William Lyons, at the Tunnel, near Rocky Creek, valued at £3. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. Mr. Lyons proved that the accused came to the house demanding payment of a bill owing, and giving witness five minntes to pay it in. Witness asked what defendant would do in five minutes if it was not paid, and received as reply, " You will see." Immediately after this Mitchell scattered a bag of eurr,tilts over the floor, took up u small bag of flour and hurled it among the crockery on the shelf, took a chair and swung it up to another shelf containing tins of groceries and teapots, &c.;, bringing thereby the shelf and all its contents to the ground, and mixing salt, pepper, mustard, kerosene, and a variety of articles together in a confusud mass in a tub. The Bench sentenced the defendant to pay a fine of £2 witli £1 14s fid value of property destroyed, and £1 5s 6d costs, and in default of immediate payment two months' imprisonment in ltockhampton gaol. A LUCKY MAN.—The Bungendore correspondent of tbe Queanbeyan Ago reports that a short time since a man in the employ of Mr. L. Leahy of that town, received intelligence of a consider able sum of money being left him through the demise of some relative in America. I understand the amount is something to the tune of £60,000. The matter is now in his solicitor's hands, and after the necessary forms are completed, the money is to he transferred to him. CONSPIRING TO DEFRAUD.—The Evening Naics of Saturday says—The remanded charge against Richard and Redmond Uniacke and John Higgs came on for hearing at the Central Police Court, this morning, before Mr. Smart, J.P. The first witness called was Mr. Ashdown, solicitor for Hynds, whose evidence had reference chiefly to the demand of the money back from Uniacke, and Dniacke's refusal to comply. In accordance with an anangtment entered into between Hynds and Richaid Uniacke it appeared that £295 of the £500 was paid into the hands of a Mr. Jones, solicitor, who held the money, pending the dispute between the parties. The remaining £105 was kept by Uniacke as commission in respect to the tivo hotels, the Steam Engine and the Britannia, Thomas Donovan, -acountant of tbe Mercantile Bank, was called, that Higgs and Co. bad an account at bank. -It was opened by Redmond Uniacke in the month of June last. Mr., Pilchor the witness if ever a deposit of £1750 was aid in to the account of Higgs and Co. The uestion was objected to, as were also several ther questions of a similar purport, but the obections were overruled. The witness answered that no such sum had ever, been paid into the account. Mi. Pilcher asked if ever a sum of £250 had been paid in to the account of Higgs and Co. The witness replied that there had not. The next question was. whether fit any time the balance to the credit, of Higgs «nd Co. had'exceeded £200. The answer was no, and the witness added that the present balance to their credit was under £1. Some evidence of rather a peculiar nature, having reference jo rtlie intentions of .the accused, was given by Martha Fanning, a domestic servant, 'employed at the Square and Compass Hotel, where Mr. and Mrs. Hynds were siaying, Uniacke and his son called on .Hynds on the evening qf that tiny; and after remaining there for about half fin hour took tlipir departure. As they we're leaving, Martha Fanning, who was standing at'the door, overheard the elder Uniacke say, " Now we have it if we play our; cards right." .Some evidence was given by:jfergean{VLarkin^ to the effect ihat certain do'cuinents. ilie nature of wliich'did not transpire, were found,on Rfcdmohd Unipcke. The defendants- were asked in- the -usual way if they had anything to say in answer to the charge, and cautioned.:, TJipy reserved their defence. The case wass tjien .adjourned till Wednesday next, the accused being admitted to bail. •• v- . " THE CHINESE DOCTOR AT MELBOURNE.—The s- Argus states that applications' were made to the Supreme Court on Tuesday,'fOi tvrits of; - ftiandamus to compel the Medioai Board of "Victoria? to' register Yee Quock Ping.,and Edwin H. T. Botterill as duly qualified .inedicai'practitioners. Yee Quock Ping war represented by Mr. Ireland and BoWeriirby Mr. QiiinIac. Yee "Qnoek Ping had claimed to .be entitled to' registration, as he held a certificate from'the College of doctors in the di6trict.;Of Chunc -Low,;ip ihe-empire -of, China. Bottei ill's diploma was "from' the: University of Edinburgh, Chicago.'The Medical- Board was. not satisfied-with-the diploma of either'6f the applicants, and refused to . register; i them." ' The applications' madei were : . on the f ground that the Board ought to havetiecn satis^ fied with the diplomas.- The Court, .however;- help that the • Board had a 'discretion «Si ,4oj d .whether they were satisfied With ihe'«x , idenoei of the applicants being duly quaUfie'djfwdtheretj fo*e refused to interfere in -eithw^w^V THE LATE DEBATE.—Theremoval of £250,000 from the Bank of New&mth; WaleB will be regarded by no one as the most important question of the present session. Yet an Assembly which could scarcely furnish a quorum to debate the great questions of Land Reform, Immigration, and Education, has already spent several nights in debating this little banking transac tion, and each night'a motion for adjournment is argued with as much warmth and earnestness as if the safety of the British Constitution depended upon eaclidi vision. During the whole progress of the 'Land Bill through the House, Parkes never once Spoke at length upon any of its provisions. He is leader of tbe Opposition, and yet one of the most important measures which has been passed for years docs not contain n single trace of his influence. On the Stamp Bill, too, he has been remarkably reti cent. What is the secret of this sudden animation now ? 1B it the hope of damaging the Government, or does , he see an opening for a return to the Treasury benches? If this trifle should help to replace him, fortune for once will reward him far, beyond his merits; for he has certainly done nothing this session to deserve so speody a recall to power. Bnt then there are sceptical people who will say that, tried by this rule—palmam qui meruit ferat—many other favouritos of fortune will find it difficult to vin -dicate the preference of the blind goddess. SUDDEN DEATH,—A telegram from Moss Vale dated Friday says — Mr. Glynn, traveller for Messrs. Gray and Son, was found dead that morning in the yard of the Terminus Hotel, Moss Vale. SUICIDE.—On Friday last, a prisoner named Roach hanged himself in his cell by a strap. He was found in the morning quite dead. An inquest was to bo held on the body. A MONSTER PIG.—Mr. Wilkius converted an enormous pig into bacon this week. The animal was formerly owned by Mr. Pruss, aod took a prize at the Show two ycats a<ro. It was fattened in Mr. PruBs' corn paddock, and weighed when cleaned 498 lbs.—Beg a Standard. GOOD TEHI'LARISM.—The Hon. S. D. Hastings, P.R., W.G.T., has arrived in Sydney, to which he is on a visit from the United States, as the representative of the Right Worthy Grand Lodge, nnd as special .deputy, of the Right Worthy Grand Templar. The visit is a friendly one, paid to the branches of the order in Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand—paid also in the way of encoui ageincnt from tbe nursery of the order; and to observe their degree of progress and vitality. Mr. Hastings belongs to an .order which, soon after its inauguration, a few years ago, drew into its ranks some of the most eminent statesmen nnd srieitific men of the great Republic. The gentlemen who represents American Good Templarism brings with him letters of introduction from President Grant of the United States, Judge Howe, GovernorTaylor the Attorney-General of Ontario, Mr. Cartwrifrht. .Minister of Finance for the Dominion of Canada, •and from a great number of influential gentlemen in various parts of the States. The visit of Mr. Hastings will betaken advantage of to bold at the present time a series of meetings in and about Sydney, in support of temperance and Good Templarism. t'he opening meeting of the series was one held at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, in the Victoria Theatre, the use of which had been given by Mr. Lyster for the occasion. There was a crowded and highly respectable assemblage.—Friday's Herald. HOI.LOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT.—Unfail ing Restoratives—When climate, ape, or hardship has undermined the health, skin diseases are prono to arise and augment the existing weakness. Holloway's medicaments daily prove most serviceable, even under the most untoward circumstances. His well-known and highly-esteemed "Unguent possesses the finest balKnmio virtues, which soothe and heal without inflaming or irritating the most sensitive sore. Holloway's Ointment and Pills are infallible for curing bad legs, varicose veins, swelled ankles, and erysipeles. They have long been famed for tliuir power of subduing glandular inflammations, local irritations, cozeina, prickly heat, and tlmt annoying eruption which frequently springs from neglecting exercise AN EXTRAORDINARY CASE — A novel case has recently been reported to ihe police. A MahomeJan woman is said to have bpen seized with sudden spasms of an epileptio nature which bloppod her breathine. Ar.d which her relatives took for a suaaen dissolution. In due course she was placed in her winding-sheet and carried to her last' resting- place. The Mbulvic being In attendartcc, tlie ceremonial of burial was about to proceed, when the woman, who was only in a trance, sprang to her feet and made off", scattering the bewildered and astonished crowd in all directions. Just then another corpse was seen winding its way thither and as the newly-dug grave had been used, it was offered for the new tenant; but on hearini; the storj of the woman, the relatives of the deceased were so scared (lie having been a notorious bad character in life), that they indignantly refused to deposit his remains there for fear of similar results. Her grave is thus preserred to mark the supernatural result! This story is told by the Luclthnw correspondent of the Daily News.—Luclcnow Times, THE LATK VOYAGE OF THE MACGREGOR FROM SYDNEY. — FEARFUL WBATHKR. —This vessel left Sydney on the 6th June, and up to the 11th had terrible weather. On Friday, thellth, the weather had increased to-a furious gale, and a tremendous sea running. The rain, driver, with the fury o'f the storm, descended on the deck' like hail, while the thunder roared and the lightning flashed with terrible vividness, lighting up for a moment the tearful-.scene of battle betweeu mp.n and tbe infuriated elements. The spectacle was enough to make the stoutest heart quail, tbe roaring of the sea seeming every moment about to swamp the ship. The Macgregor rode it out well, however, tor every time a mountainous sea appeared to .1)e coming OD' . board she rose to it much better than might have been 7 exnedted, and, alter-poising . for a moment on Die .'crest, again plunged into the boiling vortex, At about 2 p.m. a Terrific- sea burst right over the vessel, sweeping overboard t : ie butcher's shop, about thirty sheep, and several large bencbops, besides, large quantities of deck gear, and continuing, its deadly course with awful velocity, literally tore away the door of the captain's, cabin, which was closed, tt the time, hurling it inwards'. Vbe' caplsiin ' was 'within .uttthe.time, and received-a tremendous 'blow from the door over the eyes, cutting it open, . He then found himself up to the neck •in water, and with ^difficulty made his way out. Thr sea then poured into the engine and furnace rooms to ^jCOnsidejrable height,, and. .extinguished ^ie;4pwer fires. _ *Th$n tlie fuir danger •of the situation lieisaijie appprtit, foVth'aA one nibri 'sucli iea broken' .over thi? vessel ,'Jf jmust have inevitably sealed the fate of all on board, -and sent erery soul " TJ : that • botirne from whettoe no traveller -returns" - For a few minutes t dead.fsllanoe prevailed, epsryone present imagining lus last -moments to be near at: hand, momentarily exoecting other seas to follow and Sfttle the i vessel. ' Providentially,;at; this time trie Weather became a little quieter,' Jknd no morp.«uch. seas broke.oyer, so that in the coursepfabout tw^ bours the water in tW saloon was almost entirely baled -o'utj niidjshbrtiy eler - 4 o'clock the paBBBngers .were-.once piore«nabled " to lie down, being thoroughly tired out, many pf thejn having had uo sleep for, t^enty-four bours. The captain's cabin,its'surroundings,' and the fore pdrt of the deck, exhibited nothing but; a mass of wreckage. Three largb boats, which had been securely firjdjon' tlie hurricane' deck/had peon' wrenched from tlielr fastenings. apdUpjj*l»iil/jil Stpvelajand-ingreor less; iojdired:. rhickTron fittihgs W^ere torn and-twisted lriiout like so jnu|li wire. Tlie companion into' tlie«a1oon was spliutered in every direction,-and even a lieavy -end massive iron condenser was ifted out '-of its place and Tendered- useless. Altogether the'Macgregor exhibited n Voeful ua'jdistresped appearance. J 