THE NOVELIST. TÏÏEEE FEATHERS. CIÏAPTKR, XVI.- SPJIING TIMK (CONTINUED). The burst of admiration waa so genuine that Miss "Wenna-being only a girl-waa very much pleased indeed ; and blushed a little, and would rathor have passed on. There was nothing, indeed, remarkable about her costume-about tho rough light grey dress with its touches hore and there of blue, nor yet about tho white hat with its forget me-nots and big white daisies-except that it seemed to lit well a very pretty figuro, and also that the blue suited the dark and clear complexion ami the clark oyes and hair. " I'm sick of her stalking about tho bouso in tho guise of a ghost-she all white, everything elsa black. 1 say, Wonna, don't you think you could got her to dress like a human being ?" " But if it is her wish, you ought to respect it." " it's only a craze," ho said, impatiently. " lt may seem so to you," his companion said ; "but she has her own reasons for it, and they deserve your sympathy, even though they may not convince you. And you ought not to speak in that harsh way of one who is so very good and gentle, and who is so considerate towards you." "Oh, you always find oxcuses for people," ho said, roughly. "Everybody should bo considered, and respected, and have their hue feelings praised anti coddled, according to you. Everybody is per fect, according to you." " Oh dear, no," she said, quite humbly. " I know ono or two people whoso conduct and habits, and their manners, too, might bo very much im proved indeed." "I suppose you mean me ?" he said. "And if I didp" she said boldly. " Don't you think, when you wnnt your mother to be justas you would havo her to be, that she might tum round and say that there was a great deal moro in you that she might wish to have altered ? You know her manner of lifo is not necessarily wrong merely because you can't understand it. As for yonrR-" Go ahead I" he cried, with a loud and suddenly good-natured laugh. " Heap up all my sins on my hoad ! I'm getting used to be lectured now. Please Miss Puritan, would you like me to got a surplice and come and sing hymns in the choir ?" Miss Puritan did not answer. Th ero was no look of annoyance on her face-only a certain calm re sorve that told her companion that he had some how wounded the friendly confidence that had . sprung up between them during this pleasant morning ramble. And at this moment they reached tho front of tho Hall, ' where Mrs. Trelyon came forward to greet her visitor, so that Alaster Harry had no further opportunity just then-of asking her whether ho had offended her, and of making an apology. . He listened for a few minutes to ber mother talking to Wenna about that Sewing Club. Ho became impatient with himself, and vexed, for Wenna seemed in no wise to recognise his pre sence ; and of course his mother did not ask his advice about tho purchase of flannel. Ho tossed about the books on tho table; he teased an Angola cat tliafc was lying before the fire until it tried to bite him, and'then he put its nose into the top of a flower-vaso.. With the feather of a quill dipped in ink he drew a fox on ono of tho white tiles of tho fireplace; and then he endeavoured to remove that work of art with the edge pf a scarlet and gold footstool. Theso various occupations afford ing him no relief, he got up, stretched his legs, and said to his mother, "Mother, you keep her here for lunch. I shall bo back at two." "Oh, but I can't stay so long," Wenna said, suddenly, "I know I'shall bo wanted at home." " Oh ruvyou won't," the young gentleman said. coolly, '' I know you won't. Mabyn told me so. Besides, I am going down now to tell them you will bo back at four," And so he went away, but this walk down to tho inn was not as pleasant as that roundabout ramble up to the Hall had been. CitiVPTTsit XVII.-ONLY A BASKET OF PJUMROSES. "What a busy life you must lead," said Mrs. Trelyon, looking with a gentle wonder at the youug lady before her. " You seem to know how to do everything." Miss Wouna coloured a little, and said some thing about having had to help her mother for many years past. . " And such a knowledge of the world as you havel" Mrs. Trelyon continued, unconsciously staring at tho girl as if she were some strange phenomenon. " Where did you get it ?" "That I am sure I have not got," Wenna said, brightening considerably, " for the strangers who como to the inn of course don't speak to me, except one or two of tho very old ladies sometimes, and all they speak about is the scenery. But Mabyn and I read tho remarks in tho Visitor's Book, and theso are voryjimusing, especially the poeti'y that tho young gentlemen write ; and 'indeed Mrs. Trel yon, it*ono wero to judge by that book, ono would iliink that tho world wai very silly. Tho elderly gentlemen generally praise the cooking ; the elderly ladies generally Hay something nice about tho cleanliness of the bed-rooms and the good at tondaucy; and tho young ladies write about any thing, recommending other visitors to go to parti cular places, or saying what they think of the Cornish peasantry. I am sure they are all very good-natured to us, and say very nice things of the inn, but then it looks so silly. And the young gentlemen are far the worst-especially the Uni versity young .gentlemen, for they write such stupid poetry aud mako such bad jokes. I suppose it is that tho frosh air «¡ves thom very good spirits, und thoy don't caro what they say, and they never expect that their friends w'ill seo what thoy have j written. I have noticed, though, that tho walking \ gentlemen never write such things when they aro j loaving, for they are always too anxious about the number of miles they have to get over on that day, 1 and they aro always'anxious, too, about the heels of their stockings. If you would like to soo tho book-» Wenna stopped. MVP, Trelyon had been very good in ox tending a sort of acquaintance to her, mid now proposed to help her iu a way with her work. But sho way going too far iu expecting that thia reserved and silent lady should become n visitor at the inn, or interest herself in its com monplace affaira. At thia moment, indeed, Mrs. j Trelyon was so very much reserved, that she did not notice either Wonna's tentative invitation or her embarrassment when she cut it short. " I wish," sh« said absently, showing what she had been thinking about, " I wish you could get Harry to go to one of the Universities." It was now Wonna's turn to stare. Did the mother of that young gentleman seriously think that this stranger-girl h-id such an influence over him ? " Oh, Mrs. Trelyon," Wenna said, " how could I_?» "He would do anything for you," the gentle lady said, with much simplicity and honesty. " He pays no attention to any ching T say to him; but ho would do anything for you. His whole manner changes when you are in the house. I think you aro tho only person in the world ho ia afraid ôf. Aud it was so good of you to get him to go to church." "'I am sure it was not I," said Wenna, getting rather afraid. " But I know," said Mrs. Trelyon, quite affec tionately, " for I have aeon everybody else_ try and fail. You see, my dear, you are in a peculiar posi tion. You are young, and a pleasant companion for a young man ; and as you are no relation of his he is courteous to you. And then, you see, your being engaged to he married enables him to speak freely to you and treat you as a friend, and 1 think, besides, you have acquired some means of keeping him in check, and having authority over him, and I am sure he would do more for you I than for any one I know. As for me, I have never had any control over him ; but he is at least civil to me when you are in the room," Wenna rose. " Mrs. Trelyon," she said, " don't you think it is a pity to stay indoors on such a beautiful morn ing P The air is quite mild and warm outside." She was glad to get out. There waa something in this declaration of her responsibility for the young man's conduct which considerably startled and frightened her. It was all very well for her to administer an occasional sharp reproof to him when he was laughing and joking;with herself and Mabyn, but to become the recognised nioni tress of so wild a pupil as Alastor Harry-tb have his own mother appeal to her-that was quite a different affair. And on this occasion, when Mrs. Trelyon had got a shawl, and come outside with her guest, all her talk was about her lamentations over Misconduct. Mrs. Trelyon was very fond of the young man, and was quite assured too that he had the brains to do anything he might be induced to undertake. Wenna listened in a vague way to all these complaints and speculations, and covert praises ; sho did not find her position so embar rassing in ths open air as in that close drawing room. They walked through the leafy alleys of tho gardon.'unconsciously regarding the beautiful colour of tho now spring flowers, and listening to the larks singing high up in the blue sky. From time to time, as they turned, they caught a glimpse of hills all a-blaze with gorse ; and near the horizon a long lino of pale azure with a single white ship visible in the haze. On the other side of the val ley a man was harrowing; they could hear him calling to tho horses, and the jingling of the chains ' Then there was the tnuraiur of the stream far be low, where the sunlight just caught the light green of the larches. These, and the constant singing of the birds around them, were the only sounds that accompanied their talk, as they wan dered this way and that by brilliant garden plots or through shaded avenues, where the air was sweet with tho fresh scents of the opening sum mer. . And at last they came back to the proposal that Wenna should try to perauade'Mast'er Harry to go to Oxford or Cambridge. . ' " But, M-s. Trelyon," the girl said earnestly, " I am quite sure you mistake altogether my relations with your son. I could not presume to give him advice. It would not bo my place tb do so even if we were on the footing of friends, and that, at pre sent, is out of the question. . Don't you seo, Mrs. Trelyon, that because Mr. Trelyon in coming about the inn was good-natured enough to make the acquaintance of my father, and to talk to ua girls, it would not do for any of us to forget how we are situated. I don't anyway-perhaps because I ara proud-but, at all events, I should not presume on Mr. Trelyón's good nature. Don't you see, Mrs, Trelyon P" " I seo that you are a very practical,..and sensi ble, and plain-spoken young lady," her companion said, regarding her with H kindly look, " but I think you don'C do my son justice. It was not thoughtlessness that niade him make your acquain tance. I don't think he overdid amore prudent thing in his life before. And then, dear Miss liose warne, you mustromember-if I may speak of such a thing- that you will soon be the wite of one of the very few friends we havo about here ; and you muätexcuse us if we claim you as a friend already and try to take advantage of your friendship. Now, do you see that p" Wonna was not persuaded ; but she was, at all events, very pleased to sue that occasionally Airs. Trelyon could forget, her brooding sentimental fancies and become, comparatively, bright and tal kative. "Now will you say a word to him when ho conies home for lunchV" "Olino, I can't do that, Mrs. Trelyon," Wenna said, "it would bo quito rude of me to do that. Besides, if you would not be displeased with me, Mrs. Trelyon, for saying so, I don't think going to a University would do him any good. I don't think-1 hope you won't be vexed with me-that ho has had sufficient schooling. And isn't there an examination before you could gut in ? Well, 1 don't know about that; but 1 atn quite sure that it' he did get in. he would be too proud to put himseif in competition with the other young mon who were properly pre pared for study, and he would take to boating, or cricket, or some such thing. Now, don't yon think, Mrs. Trelyon, ho would be as well occupied in amusing himself here, where you might gradu ally get him to tuko an interest in something be sides shooting or lishiug? He knows far more things than most peoplo i'aucy, I kuow that. My father says hr> is very clever and can pick up any thing you tell hiui ; and that he knows more about tho management of an estate, and about the slate quarries, and about mining too, than most people imagine. And as for me," added the girl bravely, " I will say this, that I think him vary clever indeed, and that he will make a straightforward and honourable man, and I should like to see him in Parliament, where he would be able to hold his own, I know." " Oh, my dear !" exclaimed- Mrs. Trelyon, with a joyful face, " I am so grateful to you. I am so proud to know you think so highly of him. And won't you say a word to him ? He will do what ever you please." But Miss Wenna had somehow bean startled into that confession, and the Budden burst of honesty left her considerably ashamed and embar rassed. She would not promise to intermeddle in the matter, whatever she had been induced to say about the future of tho young man. She stooped to pick up a Ho wer to cover her confusion, and then she asked Mrs. Trelyon to bo good enough to excuse her staying to lunch. "Oh no, -I dare not do that," Mrs. Trelyon said, " Harry would pull tho house down when he found I had let you go. You know we have no visitors at present, and it will be such a pleasure to have him lunch with me; he seldom does, aud never at all if there are visitors. But really, Miss Rose warne, it is so inconsiderate of me to talk always of him, as if you ware as much interested as my self. Why the whole morning we have not said a word about you and all you are looking forward to. I do hope you will be happy. ,1 am sure you will be, for you have such a sensible way of re garding things, and all is sure to go well. I must say that 1 thought Harry was a little more mad than usual whea he first told me about that money ; but now I know you, I am very, very glad indeed, and very pie ised that I could he of some little service to Mr. Boscorla for your The girl beside her did not understand; she looked up with wondering eyes. " What money, Mrs. Trelyon ?" " I mean the money that Harry got for Mr. Ros corla-the money, you know, for these Jamaica estates ; is it possible Mr. Roscorla did not tell you before he left ?" f " I don't know anything about it, Mrs. Trelyon, and I hope you will tell me at once," Wenna said, with some decision in her tone, but with a strange sinking at her he'art "You don'c know, then?" Mrs.Trelyon, said, with a sudden fear that she had been indiscreet. " Oh, it is nothing, a mere business arrangement. Of course, gentlemen don't care to have these things talked over. I hope you won't mention it, dear Miss Rosewaroe ; I really thought you might have overheard them speaking of the matter." Wenna said nothing. The soft dark eyes looked a little troubled, but that was all. And presently, up came young Trelyon, full of good spirits, and noise, and bustle ; and he drove his mother and Wenna before him into the house ; and hurried up the servants, and would open the wine himself. His mother checked him for whistling at luncheon; his reply was to toss the leg of a fowl on to the hearthrug, where a small and shaggy terrier im mediately bi'gan to worry it. Ile put the Angola cat on the table to see if it would eat some Cornish cream off his plate. His pigeons got to know of his hoing in the house, and came flying about the windows and walking jerkingiy over the lawn; he threw up the window and flung them a couple of handfuls of crumbs. " Oh, Miss Wenna," said he, " would you like to see my tame fox? I am sure you would. Mather, you cut.round to the stables and tell old Luke to bring that fox here-off you go-leave the claret thi s side." H But I do not wish to see the fox; I par ticularly dislike foxes," said Wenna with some 'asperity ; and Mather was recalled. Master Harry grinned to himself; it was the first time he had been able to get her to speak to him. From tho beginning of the luncheon she had sat almost silent, observing his vagaries and listening to his random talk in silence ; when she spoke it was always in answer to his mother. Very soon after luncheon she begged Mrs. Trelyon to excuse her going away ; and then she went and put on her hat. " I'll see you down to the inn," said "Master Harry, when she came out to the hall door. " Thank you, is is quite unnecessary," she said, somewhat coldly. " Oh," said he, " you may be as nasty as you please, but I shall conquer you by my extreme politeness." At another time she would have laughed at the notion of this young gentleman complimenting himself on his politeness-; now, as she walked quietly down the gravelled path to the gate, she was very grave, and, indeed, took no notice of his presence. | " Wenna," said ho, after he had shut the gate, and rejoined her, " is it fair to make such a fuss about a chance word ? I think you are very hard. I did not mean to offend you." " You have not offended me, Mr. Trelyon. " Thon why clo you look BO precious glum ?" She made no enswer. "Now look here, be reasonable. Are you vexed because I cal led you Wonna ? Or is it because 1 spoke about singing iu tho choir." " No," slio said, simply, " 1 was not thinking of anything of that kind ; and I am not vexed." " Then what is the matter ?" For another second or two she was silent, appa rently from irresolution ; then she suddenly stopped in the middle of the road, and confronted him. ".Mr. Trelyon," she said, "is it true that you havu given Mr, Roscorla money, and on my ac count ?" " No, it is uot," he said, considerably startled by her touo ; " I lent him some money-the money he wanted to take to Jamaica." " And what business had you to do anything of the sort ?" she said, with the shame in her I haart lending a strangely unusual sharpness to her voice. "Well," said the youug man, quite humbly, "I thought it would bo a service both to you and to him ; and that there waa no harm" in" it. If he succeods he will pay mo back. It was precious silly of him to tell you anything aboutit; but still, Miss Wenna-you must see-don't be unrea sonable-what hurra could there be in it ?" She stood before him, her eyes cast down, her pale face a trifle flushed, and her hands claspad tight. " How much was it P" Bhe said in a low voice. " Now, now, now," he snid, in a soothing way, j "don't you make a fuss about it; it is a business I transaction ; men often lend money to each other -what a fool he must have been to have-I beg ! your pardon-," and then he stopped, frowning at j his own stupidity. " How much was it P" " Well, if you must know, five thousand ! pounds." " Five thousand pounds !" she repeated absently. ." I am sure my father has not so much money, i But I will bid you good-bye now, Mr. Trelyon." And she held out her hand, i " Mayn't I walk down with you to the village?" said he, looking rather crestfallen. " No, thank you," she said, quietly, and then she went away. i Well, he stood looking after her for a few i seconds. Now that her back was turned to him j and she was going away, there wa» no longer any j "brightness in the -fresh spring woods, nor any t colour in the clear Bkies overhead. She had been 1 hard on him, he felt ; and yet there was no anger [ or impatience in his heart, only a vague regret ¡ ithat somehow he had wounded her, and that they I were no longer good friends.. He stood so for a I minute, or two, and then he suddenly set out to overtake her. She turned slightly just as he had ' got up. I "Miss Wenna," he said,.rather shamefacedly, ."I forgot to ask you whether you would mind I calling in at Mrs. Luke's as you go by. There is a I "basket of primroses there for you. I set the .children to gather them about an hour ago; I thought you would like them." She said she would ; and then he raised his cap to her-looked at her just for one moment-and turned and walked away. - Wenna called for tho hasket, and a very fine basket of flowers it was, for Mrs. Luke said that Master Harry had given the children sixpence a-piece< to gather the finest primroses they could get, and everyone knows [ -what Cornish primroses are. . Wenna took away : the flowers not paying any particular attention to J: them, and it was only when she got into her own \ room-and when she felt very much inclined to 1 sit down and cry-that she noticed lying among i the large and pale yellow primroses a bit of j another flower which one of the children had, j doubtless, placed there. It was merely a stalk of I the small pink-flowered saxifrage, common in cot I tager's gardens, and called in some places London } pride. In other parts of the country they tenderly call it None-so-pretty. CHAPTER XVIÍL-CONFIDENCES. Meanwhile, during th« time that Wenna Bose warne had been up nt Trelyon Hall, her place in the inn had been occupied by a very handsome, self-willed, and gay-hearted young lady, who had endeavoured, after a somewhat wild fashion, to ; fulfil her sister's duties, She had.gone singing through the house to see that the maids had put the rooms right; she had had a fight with Jennifer about certain jellies; she had petted her mother and teased her father into a good humour, after which she went outside in her smart print dress and bright ribbons, and sat down on the bench of black oak at ' the door. She formed part of a pretty picture there; the' bright April day was still shining all around, on the plashing water of the mill, on,.the pige.ons standing on the roof, and on tho kill beyond the harbour, which were yellow with masse» of furze. ...... i. / "And now," said this young lady to herself, "the question is, can I become a villian? If I could only get one of the persons out of fi Btory to tell me how they managed to do it successfully, how fine that would be 1 Here is the letter in my pocket-of course it has his address in it. I burn the letter. Wenna doesn't write to. him. He gets angry, and writes again and again. I hum each one as it comes; then he becomes indignant,; and will write no more. He thinks she has forsaken him, and uses naughty words, and pretends to be well rid of her. She is troubled and astonished for a time; then har pride is touched, and she won't mention his name. ; In the end, of course,1 she marries a handsome young gentleman, who is really in love with her. and they are so very happy-ah, it is delightful to think of it; and then a long time after, the other one comes home, and then they find the villain-that's me-but they are all quite pleased with the way it has ended, and they forgive me. How clever they are in stories to be able to do that !" ;, She took a letter out of her pocket, and furtively looked at it. It.bore a foreign postmark. 'She . glanced round to see that no one had observed her, and concealed it again. "To burn this one is eaay. But old Malachi mightn't always let me rummage his bag ; and a : single one getting into Wenna's handB would spoil the whole thing. Besides, if Wenna did not write out to Jamaica he would write home to some of his friends-some of those nice, cautious, in quiring clergymen, no doubt, about the Hall-to let him know; and then there would be a pretty squabble. 1 never noticed how the villains in the j stories managed that; I suppose there were no clever clergymen about, and no ill-tempered old postman like Malachi Lean. And oh! I should ¡ like to see what he says-he will make such beau tiful speeches about absence, and trust, and all , that ; and he will throw himselton her mercy, and he will remind her of the emerald ring." Mabyn laughed to herself-a quiet, triumphant laugh. Whenever she was very down-hearted, about her sister's affairs, she used to look at the . gipsy-ring of emeralds, and repeat to herself Oh, green's forsaken And yellow's forsworn ; . And blue is the sweetest Colour that's worn I -and on this occasion she reflected that perhaps, after all, it was scarcely worthwhile for her to become a villain in order to secure a result that had already been ordained by Fate. , " Mab," said her father, coming out to interrupt her reflections, and sneaking in a peevishly in dolent voice; "where's Wenna? I want her to write some letter», and to go over to the Annota. Of course your mother's ill again, and can't do anything." " Can't I write the letters ?" said Mabyn. " You ? you're only flt to go capering about a dancing academy. I want Wenna." " Weil, I think you might let her have oue fore noon to herself," Mabyn said, with some sharp ness; "she doesn't take many holidays. She's always doing other people's work, and when they're quite able to do it for themselves." Mabyn's father was quite insensible to the sarcasm; ho said, in a complaining way, "Yes, that's sure enough; she's al ways meddl ing in other people's affairs, and they don't thank her for it. And a nice thing she's done with those Annots. Why, that young Hannabei fellow was quito content to mind his own bit of farm like any ono elso until she put it into his head to get a spring-cart, and drive all the way clown to Devon port with his poultry, and now she's led him on so that he buys up the fish, and the poultry, and eggs, and butter and things from all the folks about him to sell at Devonport; and of course they're raising their prices, and they'll scarcely deal with you except as a favour, they've got so precious independent . And now he's come to the Tregear farm, and if Wenna doesn't interfere, they'll be contracting with him for the whole of tho summer. There's one blessed mercy, when she gets married she'll have to stop that nonsense, and have to mind her own business." " Yes," said Mabyn, with tiome promptitude, " and she has been left to mind her own business pretty well of late." " What's the matter with you, Mabyn ?" her father carelessly asked, noticing at length the peculiarity of her tone. " Why," she said, indignantly, " you and mother had no right to let her go and engage herself to that man. You ought to have interfered. She's not fit to act for herself-she let herself be coaxed over, and you'll be sorry for it some day." "Hold your tongue, child," her father said, " and don't talk about things you can't understand. A lot of experience you have had ! If Wenna did'nt want to marry him, she could have said so ; if she doesn' want to marry him now, she has only to say so. What harm can there be in that ?" "Oh, yes; it's all very simple," the girl said to herself, ns she rose nnd went away ; " very simple to say she can do what she pleases ; but she can't, and she should never have been allowed to put herself in such a position, for she will find it out afterwards if she doesn't now. It seems to me there is nobody at all who cares about Wenna except me; and she thinks I am a child, and pays no heed to me." Wenna came in ; Mabyn made her go upstairs to her own room, and followed her. " Oh, Wenna, who gave you this beautiful basket of primroses," she cried, guessing instantly who had given them. " It is such a pretty present to give to any one !" " Mrs. Luke's children gathered them," Wenna said, coldly. " Oh, indeed ! where did the basket come from?" " Mr. Trelyon asked them to. gather me the primroses," Wenna taid, impatiently ; .' I suppose he got the basket." . " Thei it is his present," Mabyncried. .« Oh, how kind of him ! And see, Wenna-don't you see what he has put in among the primroses ? Look, Wenna -it is a bit of None-so-pretty. Oh, Wenna, that is a mossage to you !" "Mabyn," her sister said, with a severity that was seldom in her voice, " you will make me vexed with you if you talk such nonsense. He would not dare to clo such a thing-why, the absurdity of it ! And I am not at all well-disposed towards Mr. Trelyotí at this moment." "I don't sse why he shouldn't," said her sister humbly, and yet -with a little inadvertent toss of her head : " everyone knows you are pretty except yourself, and there can be no harm in a young man telling you so. He is not a greater fool than anybody else. He has got eyes. He knows that everyone is in love with you-everyone that is now in Eglosilyan, anyway. He is a very gentle manly young man. He is a great friend to you. I don't see why you should treat him so." Mabyn began to move about the room, as she generally did when she was a trifle excited and in dignant, and inclined to tears. " There is no one thinks so highly of you as he does. He is more respectful to you than to all the people in the world. I think it is very hard and unkind of you." But Mabyn, what have I done ?" her sister said. " You won't believe he sent you that piece of None-so-pretty. You won't take the least notice of his I friendliness to you. You said you were vexed with him." *. Well, I have reason to be vexed with him," Wenna said, and would willingly have left the matter there. But- her sister was not to be put off. She coaxed for a few minutes, then became petulant, and affected, to be deeply hurt; then assumed an air of authority, and said that she insisted on being told. Then the whole truth came out. Mr. Trelyon had been lending to Mr. lîoscorla a sum of money which he had no businoss to lend. Mr. Trelyon had somehow mixed her up with the matter, under the impression that he was conferring a service on her. Mr. Trelyon had concealed the whole transaction from her, and, of course, Mr. Roscorla was silent also. And on the face of it Mr. Trelyon was responsible for Mr. Ros corla away from his native land to face all man ner of perils, discomforts, and anxieties ; for with out that fatal sum of money he might still have been living in peace and contentment up at Bas set Cottage. "Well, Wenna," said the younger sister candidly, and with a resiguod air, " I never knew you so unreasonable before. All you seem able to do is to invent reasons for disliking Mr. Trelyon, md I have no doubt you used him shamefully when you saw him this forenoon. You are all love and kindness to people who have no claim on you-to brats in cottages and old women, but you are very hard on people who 1-who respect you. And then," added Miss Mabyn, drawing her self up, "if I were to toll you how the story of that money strikes me, would it surpvise you ? Who asked Mr. Roscorla to have the mone.v and to go away ? Not Mr. Trelyon I um sure. " Who concealed it P Whose place was it to come and ! tell you-you who are engaged to him? If it cornea to that, I'll tell youwhat I believe, and that is that Mr. Roscorla went and made use of the regard that Harry Trelyon has for you to get the money. There 1" Mabyn uttered the last words with an air which said, " I will speak out this time, if I die for it." But the effect on her sister was strange. Of course she expected Wenna to rise up indignantly and protest against her speaking of Mr. Roscorla in such a way. She was ready to bravo her wrath, She fully thought they were entering on the deadliest quarrel that had ever occurred between ehem. But whether it was that Wenna was too much I grieved to cara what her sister said or whether it was that these frank accusations touched somo secret consciousness in her own heart, the elder sister remained strangely silent, her eyes cast down. Mabyn looked at her, wondering why she did not get up in a rage : Weuna was stealthily crying. And then, of course, the younger sister's arms were round lier in a minute, and there was a great deal of soothing and tonder phrases; and finally, not knowing otherwise how to atone for her indiscretion, pulled out Mr. Roscorla's letter, put it In Wenna's hands, and went away. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 