SATAN IN THE CIRC CIS. In the Queensland Times, a Brisbane paper, we find the following amusing trial which took place some time ago, occupied ' the attention of one of the courts of law:— Desmond v. Batty—This was an action for £15 for personal injuries. The plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, laborer, residing in lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr. Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus performing in Great George's street. The process stated:—" The plaintiff claims £15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sus- i tained by the plaintiff through the careless ness, negligence, and mismanagement of ] the defendant, he having in his circus in j Great George-street an animal called a j camel, his property, which animal he, in the j month of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted to escape and break from the said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the lower Glasheen road, where the said camel did force its way into plaintiffs house, and there injure," knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice he has been put to expense and loss of time/' Mi\ Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr. J. T. O'Conn ell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at the door of his house on. the Lower Glasheen road, minding some pigs' food. His wife was at work within the house. He and his wife had been talking about ghosts and the devil, and about half past G o'clock, while they were so talking, " a queer thing" came up to the door. He screeched, for he did not know what it was —he thought it was the devil—(laughter). It had a long neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on its back. He screamed, but he could not stir—he was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two front paws in, and crushed him against the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet in side the threshold, and left the prints of its paws there. Mr. Hayes: Why didn't it go in further ? Desmond: Oh, sir, the hump—(laughter) —the hump was so big he could not get in the door. (Renewed laughter.) I got such a fright I was not able to eat as much in three days as in one day before. (Much laughter). How did he get out ? He backed out the same way as he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell: What did you think you had before you when you saw it ? The devil. (Loud laughter.) I believe you had been talking about the devil ? May be I wor. (Laughter.) But were you? I wor. (Much laughter.) What put the devil into your head that you had been talking about him ? Faith I could not tell you. But what sort of a thing was it ? Oh, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing amidst roars of laughter to a jury-box about 15 feet from him.) Had he anything about his neck ? Faith he had a hump on his back ever so big, and he had long legs, and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see anything in the eourt that you could compare him to ? I don't then, I'm sure; when he came in the door I would give all in the world to get him out of my sight. (Great laughter.) Did you get up off the chair? Indeed then I didn't—a better man than me could not do it. (Renewed laughter.) Did you attempt to shove him out ? I did not at tempt to shove him out; I did nothing at all to him, for I was afraid of my life of him. Faith if you had bayonets you could do nothing at all to him. (Great laughter.) I was not able to go to work for four days after, for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughter.) Mrs. Desmond (wife of the plaintiff) said : My. husband on the night in question was minding some pigs' food at the door, and I was inside. All at once I heard a bitter screech out of him; I looked down and ! I saw the thing " a blow" me with his neck j stretched in as far as he could stretch it. " Oh," says I, " pray to Almighty God, for it's nothing good." ^Laughter.^) " May the Lord preserve our soul," says I, and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Roars of laughter.) Did you ever see the likes before f Oh, no, sir. What happened then ? The boys about the place took it away. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell: - What were you talking about when the animal came to the door? My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, says I, " it is the devil is there, now surely." (Shouts of laughter.^ Mr. Hayes: That is the defence at the other side your worship—that it was the devil there and not the camel. (Laughter.) Mr. Gregg: Didn't your husband say to you just before, " The devil' take you."— Witness : He did, sir. Mr. 0 Oonnell: Is he in the habit of talking about the devil ? Well he was, sir; lie was too often in his mouth, as I often told hioi. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appearance to see him under those circumstances? Wisha, I suppose it was, sir. He was after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter.) Has he been talking about the devil since ? lie has not sir. (Laughter.) His woi'ship considered the plaintiff had received damage on the occasion, and gave decree for £3. A man finding it difficult to keep his foot ing, on wallriug home from a convivial party, explained tliat lie'd just had his shoes soled and they were slippery. " Yes," said a friend, " you had 'em fixed by a sherry cobbler." 