C ASTEKTON. (FROM ODB OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 Feb. A The Casterton cricket team were in Cole raine lut Saturday, I happen to know that they went with the intention of returning with the Mnrray Challenge Cup in their pos- session. There wu only one obstacle to their doing eo, and that wu the difficulty of per suading the Coleraine (team to relinquish its guardianship, and u it turned ont this objec tion wu insuperable. In plain terms, the Casterton CInb were most nnmercifnlly thrashed — they scarcely made the ghost of a Btand in their first innings, a miserable total of 17 only bring placed to their credit. They did certainly shape a little better in their second, bnt in the first, what is poeti cally and beautifully described by the metropolitan reporters of cricket matches us "funk" wu established from the firat, and not one "stood i' th' breach." The humiliation of the defeat wu softened to some extent by the suavity of the captain of the Coleraine team, who usnred the CutertonianB that they were a very strong team, quite up to the tram of lut year, only a " leetle " un fortunate. Whether the Cuterton captain laid "the flattering unction to his eoul " or not, £ have no means of knowing, but this I 1 do know, that before the Castertonians can hope to vie with or conquer such a team u they met with lut Saturday, they most in troduce yonnger blood into their eleven, and put their house — i-e. their ground— io order, they most practice u if they were playing a match, and another thing 1 should recom mend, if the sinews or war oe rorcucomlng (of which I have no doobt), they should procure a " coach," one whose speciality is bowling would be beet. Tbe bowling of tee Coleraine team lut Saturday wu pronounced by a good judge of the game, to be equal to tee average of tbe Melbourne dubs. Apparently the Coleraineitea will become the envied posses sore of the Mnrray Challenge Cop, for this season at all events— although I cannot help thinking and remarking that they are a little premature in having cansed to be-engraved npon the said Cap tbe announcement of their having already won it There will no doubt be many n slip betwixt this very cup and the lip, and the unmistakable castigation the Castertonians hare received will, if I mistake not prove the strongest incentive possible to teem, to do their -utmost to retrieve this put disaster, and to deserve, if they cannot.com— rn Ytns jisislo be here again on Saturday. Barton's circus hu become in Victoria almost a household word. Old and yonng look for ward with pleasure to the periodical visit of the troupe. Mr. Barton is himself the anti podean prototype of the whilom celebrated Widdecombe, who was, u old frequenters of the equestrian arena in the old country will recollect, the prince of ringmasters. I see the flaming posters announcing the arrival, and descriptive of the feats performed, are somewhat new in style, and not quite eo im aginary u tbey need to be in days of yore. What abont the thistles! Who is to take the boll by tbe borne ! Who is to take tee Shire Council to tuk, for a neglect of their manifest duty in not using every means in their power to mitigate the evil)? Last Son- day clouds of thistledown, or seed, were fly ing about in all directions, obeying the great law of nature, which says to all things, " in- creue and multiply after your kind." But as it hu been pretty well ascertained that this especial kind of increase is not conducive to the welfare of anyone — farmers, equattera, or others, then the neglect in not using every means in their power to abate the nuisance, is to those who neglect it, calpable, and de serving of censure. People do ray that before the Conncil took the common in hand, to govern and control it for the common weal, that the inhabitants of Cuterton turned out in a body and cut down tbe thistles them selves, and that nnder tee benign regime u at present by law established, only have the peBta been allowed to go unchecked. Verily, local government, «o for u it has come within the compass of my observation, hu a greater tendency to imitate the law'a delay, the official circumlocution, the wearying tedious- nesa, and starchnesB of higher places, than to give A ready acquiescence in settling things right, that are acknowledged to be wrong. 