i i THE ' ( SAN FRANCISCO JUAIL, The following ate-the letters ""of our London and American correspondents, received'bytfie Sar! Francisco mail by way of Sydney : NOTES OP THE MONTH. (mon onn own oorkesfondbnt,) -LONDON, Oar. 21. It seems to be the destiny of all British Ministries when they arrive at a certain point in'their career, to trip and bungle. In this respect the Disraeli Ministry is likely to prove xto exception. The Plimsoll incident was the first serious symptom to the world of an infirmity which has during the last few weeks developed in an extraordinary degree. "Blundering and plundering" were the two chief events in the indictment preferred against the Gladstone Government by Mr, Disraeli, and yet he has not been two years in office when he is going the way of his pre- decessor, at least in regard to one-half of the programme. The course of the Government can only be likened to that of its own Van- guard, which went down in a fog, during calm weather and in soundings, at the stroke of one of her consorts. There has been a thick fog during the last month over all the departments, in which they have collided and come to grief by mutual ramming. It is the Admiralty which, by a sort of poetical justice, boa chiefly suffered. The big Huntingdonshire squire, who for some mys- terious reason waa put by Mr. Disraeli in charge of the British Navy in substitution for a city Jew of German parentage, has been playing Tartarus and Tommy, to put it mildly, with Her MajeBty'a shir>a and our maritime reputation. Two, at least of the boasts which Britons are wont on convivial and patriotic occasions to moke-first, that "Britannia rules the waves," and that they will never, never, under any pos- sible combination, be slaves-have been curiously refuted by the later history of the British navy. There was first that nasty Solent business, which left an ill flavour, not yet out of our months. Britannia might rule the deep, but why must she rule it so straight as that every little yacht which comes in her way must be sent to the bottom 1 Again, there did not appear to be much ruling in the case of the Channel fleet, where one of our expensive iron tubs ran into another. It might be very satis- factory to learn that Her Majesty's ships are armed with a spur, one touch of which íb enough to destroy the most powerful vessel which floats ; bat the experiment might have been made for less price. It was Mr. Ward Hunt himself whoonce spoke of a "phantom navy ;" but he seems resolved to realise that position by making ghosts of each of our iron- clads in succession. At least, we thought that vigorous steps would be taken to punish thoBe who had blundered, and to vindi- cate the character of the British navy, at which foreigners had begun to scoff. The pnblie were in a mood not to be easily satisfied, and an ordinary acquaintance with the character of Englishmen ought to have taught the Admiralty that this was no time for half- measures. The court-martial on Captain Dawkins did its duty, as we all thought, 'very fairly, although sternly, but the satisfaction due to the public was clearly incomplete without some-inquiry into the conduct of the captain of the Iron Duke and of the admira.! in command of the squadron. When 0b6 ship runs into another, it is ob- vious something has to be investigated besides the management of the ship which has been run into. It waa equally reason, able that the country should desire to know whether the admiral on his part, had taken all proper precautions to prevent accidents of this kind, and whether the Ad. miralty on their part has prescribed the necessary instructions for the guidano« of naval officers under similar circumstanoes. The Admiralty, in fact, waa as much upon trial as was Captain Dawkins, as this Go- vernment should have been the first to acknowledge, considering how quick its members used to be in criticising the naval blunders of their predecessors. In the same speech in which Lord Derby endeavoured to explain away the slave circular, he spoke his mind as to foreign affairs generally. There was not much to be made of the information which he gave as to England's policy. In the Eastern business we are supposed to be acting in harmony with all the other powers -that is to say, we are doing what the ma- jority of the stronger powers are doing. It happens by great luck that Russia and Austria are just now inclined to evade any question which may bring on a crisis in Turkey- Russia, for Bomo secret reason of her own not yet tobe fathomed, and Austria, because she does not want to have any more Sclavonions on her bands. Lord Derby took the optimist tone, averring that "we shall hear no more of the armed insurrection," that the difficulty was, in fact to find the insurgents who were to be conciliated. This view of the case is certainly not con- firmed by what ia happening now in Bosnia and in Herzegovina. It ia true that the Turks are able to beat their enemies when- ever they meet them in the open plain ; but there are not many open plains in that country, and therefore there is but little beating. Making all allowances for sym- pathetic telegrams through Sclavonic sources, the beating has been lately rather the other woy. There is certainly no progress made in the restoration of peace in these unhappy provinces. The Turks only command the ground they stand upon; and have to fight an enemy who can disappear almost at will. As for the consuls, they have not succeeded in their benevolent purpose of intervention, for the reason that there must be two parties between whom to intervene, and at present only one will consent to show itself. That RuBsia is playing some deep game in all this Turkish business is too probable. Those who profess to be acquainted with her designs point to the coincidence of the repudiation of half of her debt by Turkey with the strange leaning which recent Russian diplomacy has Bhown towards the interests of the Porte. According to what is a very plausible theory, Russia has come to the conclusion that ehe can better attain her ends by conciliating the Turks than by opposing them. Her aim has been always to represent herself as a more disinterested and useful friend of Turkey than any of the Western Powers can be, and Bhe has always regarded with an ill-concealed jealousy those financial obligations which bound the Sultan to his English and French allies. Hero was a splendid opportunity at once to re. commend herself to the favour of the Forte, and to revenge herself on those by whom, in the Crimean war, she was defeated. Turkey was embarrassed by the necessity of paying interest to her creditors, and this embarrassment reached Its height whon, in addition to the other drains upon the Turkish treasury, there was added the war in Herzegovina. At this point when the Ministers of tho Sultan did not know which way to turn to supply at once their master's extravagance, to raise troops to put down the insurrection, and to pay the English and French creditor, came General Ignotieff to their relief and whispered the word "repudiation." Thus by one Btroko Turkey was made dependent on her Russian friends, and cut off from the sympathy of her old allios. The effects of the Crimean war have been obliterated, and Russia has been restored to her old position of chief ad- viser and confidential friend of the Sultan. Ab for the English Government, it cannot, of ' course, take any steps to enforce the discharge) of the Turkish obligations. Thoso who invested in Turkish stock must have done so, or ought to have done so, knowing all their liabilities, and in any case it is absurd for them to expect the Government to ensure them the payment of 16 per cent on their capital for over. The ; result will be, of course, to detach a good many people both in England and in France i from the Turkish alliance-and this is pre* I oiselywhat Russia wants. < > ! There was a comical story in the papers, I first propagated by one of the French jour i nols, that Mr. Gladstone had been offered a post in connexion with Turkish finances, of i £50,000 a year, a palace on the Bosphorus, and of course, a suitable domestic establishment. It would have boen interesting to see the ex-leader of tho Liberal party transformed into Gladstone Pacha, with three tails, de- voting himself to catting down Upas trees in the country of Hector. But that ¡pleasure is tobe denied us. Mr. Gladstone prefers to stick to his ecclesiastics. In vain is he solicited to come out of his tent and lead the hosts of the faithful again. He is more than ever bent upon sectarianism. He has lately sold his library to a second-hand book- seller. He delivers lectures on mental cul. ture at mutual improvement societies, and writes goody artioles for proper periodicals. I should not be surprised to see him some day president of the Social Science Associa» tion, Alas 1 Alas ! " Encoró uno ótoilo qui flin, Jul (Ile, Sie, ot disparait." A few days ago, Lord Derby was in the agony of expecting a war with China ; but that peril has been averted. The Chinese Government has been induced by Mr. Wade to agree to his demands, and especially to the publication of the new arrangement in the Pekin Gazette. What that arrangement is, however, is still doubtful ; and I hope it may turn out that we have not made any concessions to China for the sake of peace. There is an absurd opinion entertained by some people in this country, which T/ie Timei has done its best to encourage, that the normal attitude of the British resident in China is one of pugnacity, and that he desireB war for his commercial ends. For this reasoD, a particular pressure is to be put upon our representative at Pekin, so that he may thwart these unholy aspira- tions and make peace at any price. We have tried this sort of policy in China before, and I do not know that its success has been ?very great. In fact, if the present under, standing with the Chinese Government is based upon any other notion, so far as they are concerned, than that we shall make war with them if they do not do certain things, I fear we hove not come to the end of the history of Chinese wars. Lord Carnarvon seems to be one of the few members of this Ministry who have clear ideas of what he ought to do and the courage to do it. He is pursuing a very vigorous and healthy policy at the Cape of Good Hope, on which it might be worth your while in Australia to boBtow some little attention. I beg to commend to your notice especially tho last despatch from the Colonial Office, in reply to the local Government of the Cape of Good Hope, as to the rights and duties of self-governed colonies and their limits. What is the case of the Cape of Good Hope to-day may be the case of Victoria tomorrow. It íb interesting to observe that South Africa also has her Higinbothams, who talk of British agents as "foreign agitators" and England as a "foreign Government." In taking a high hand with these pretensions, Lord Carnarvon has the sympathy and ap- proval of all parties in this country as well as the great majority of the Cape colonists themselves. I am bound to admit, however, that the selection of Mr. Froude as the confidential agent of the Colonial Office was not a very wise one. With all my admiration for Mr. Fronde's literary abilities, he is hardly the kind of man I should have selected to manage a delicate negotiation of this sort and I think it will be found in tho end that most of the difficulties in connexion with this matter of confederation have risen through the in- discretion and want ol temper displayed by Lord Carnarvon's agent in his peculiar mission. We have bidden the Prince of Wales good-bye on his voyage to India. There was quite a Bcene at the station when he started, the enormous crowd Bhowing unequivocal proofs of the great popularity which the Prince has earned by his amiability, good humour, and excellent social qualities. I hope oil will go well with this Indian trip, but there are some croakers, even in the Prince's suite, who have indulged in the gloomiest forebodings, in which the fanatical Mahomedan and the JAa/iff-intoxicated Fakeer have found a place. I do not believe myself there is any real danger, or that the result of the voyage will be other than most happy to all concerned. There has been some unpleasantness, by the by, in connexion with the Princoss of Wales and her intention of spending part of the time of her grass widowhood with her friends in Denmark. She, of course, wanted to take the children with her, but the Government 1 have made an objection to both the heir ap- parent and the next in succession being out of tho country at the same time. The ques 1 tion, I believe, is still unsettled. . THE UNITED STATES. (FBOM Otra OWN OOBBESFONDHOT.) NEW YORK, Oct. 29. The canvass in the State of Ohio, of -whioh I wrote you last month, and which turned almost exclusively on the national finances, proved to be fully as exciting, towards, its close, as I had anticipated. The result how- ever, was not so decisive as had been hoped. The interest shown in the state was very remarkable. Business was practically sus- pended for 10 days before the election, i During the closing week of the canvass, I several hundred meetings were held in ' various parts of the state. The vote polled reached within a few thousands of 600,000, and as the population of the state cannot exceod 2,800,000, this was a vote to every 4 66 of the population-a ratio never before equalled in this country. Indeed, the vote is almost exactly equal to the male population over the age of 21 years as returned by the national cenBus of 1870-that is, every man entitled to voto at that time must have voted this year. It waB found, on counting the votes, that this enormouB body of electors was almost exactly divided. The Republicans had 297,813, the Democrats had 292,261 votes, and the majority for tho candidate of tho former was only 5,649. Had one man In 200 changed his vote, the result would havo been a tie. When we remember that though tho financial was the principal issue, it was not the only one, this ¡b a very unsatisfactory showing. The Infla- tionists, as the papor.money party is called, claim a substantial viotory. Probably if a good many Protestant votes had not been called out by the suspected alliance between the Democrats and the Roman Catholics, the majority would have been on the othor side. As it is, the Inflationists have transferred the battle across the state boundaries to Pennsylvania, where they are making great efforts to secure a definite and indisputable victory. The prospect is, that they will not succeed, but the issue must be acknowledged doubtful. Unless the inflationists can be defeated by a heavy majority in Pennsyl- vania, there will be a desperate struggle in the-next Congress, which meets in December, to postpone resumption and issue more Government paper. Probably President Grant whose term extends to the end of the next Congress, viz,, to March 3, 1S77, will be able and willing to prevent legislation of this kind by his veto. But the mere fact of its being attempted will be a serions blow to ¡the credit of the country, and to its pros, i perity. The contest in Ohio has been very lively in many regards, and Mr. Charles Brad- laugh, the English Radical-of all men-has i felt called upon to contribute to it. He , found an old friend of his-a Mr. Wendell 1 Phillips, a very eloquent anti-slavery orator before the war, who has not the sense to cease " agitating," though all propel subjects for the exercise of his art are gone-on the side of the paper-money men. Thereupon Mr. Bradlaugh publishes a letter, in which he tells Mr. Phillips some homely truths, especially relating to'English financial his- tory, and concludes by piling on the devoted head of his erring brother statements from Mr. Gladstone and Louis Blanc, with a string of couplets from Shelley. Mr. Brad- laugh, however, knows little of Mr. Phillipa's real character if he supposes that argument will have any effect upon him. He might as well argue with the Pope. Meanwhile, the Treasury department an- nounces that only about 20 millions of the 5 percent loan, which was 500,O00,0O0doI. in amount, remain nntaken. This loan was issued in exchange for a like amount of 6 per cent bonds, which were redeemable, The disposition of it shows that American credit is yet unimpaired, so far as national bonds are concerned. How long it will remain so no one can say. The Bank of California has re-opened, I and business has been resumed over its counters, but, so far as I have seen, no statement by the directors of its assets and liabilities has been made. The Californians are an odd set They are as unsound in many regards as the wildest of the paper money men. Though the accident of their possessing gold mines has made them keep the legal tender notes out of the state, they have enormously inflated credit in every direction. For such a community, and for all others, the question is pertinent whether any currency ia not bad which is not backed by gold of equal amount conatantly kept for its redemption, Even then» the field for un- safe transactions seems ample. As it is, the fact that the Bank of California can go on without making any distinct statement of ita condition is a curious inatauce of the feverish readiness of the community to be believe in anything which seems to put the day of judgment far off. We have recently "re-imported," as the statistical reports would say, our two "great" revivalist preachers, who have been making so marked a sensation in England. Mesara. Moody and Sankey arrived in this coun- try several months since, and have in the interval been engaged in scanning the field of religious venture, negotiating with clergjmen and laymen who havo been anxious to secure their services for tho various great cities, and considering at what point they could open a campaign against Satan with the best prospect of Buccess. They have finally pitched on Brooklyn, opposite this city, and on Sunday opened a Beriea of meetings, which ia to extend, I believo, over a month. Industry and devotion cannot be denied them, for they are to hold doily or semi-daily meet- ings during that time. Sunday morning they addressed themselves to an audience considerably over 6,000 in number, and many hundreds went away unable to gain admittance. In the afternoon, the streets about the building where they spoke and sang were choked for several blocks, and ob- servers accustomed to estimating crowds, say that 30,000 persons were in and aronnd the building. The audience gave many out- ward signs of deep interest in the revivalists. They Bhoutcd, they sang, they swayed their bodies to and fro, they wept and they laughed. Some on the outskirts of the crowd were so eager to get within sight and sound of the speaker that they leaped on the shoulders of those in front of them, and, trampling over heads-and, what is worse, bonnets-ran forward until they sank ex- hausted among their fellow- zealots. If the effect of Mr. Moody's prayers and sermons and Mr. Sankey's singing is to be measured by the mental and physical excitement they create, doubtless the country should be glad of their return. But I am bound to say that I think the chief effect will stop with the ex- citement or with the reaction which follows it Their appeals are to the feelings and to the imagination ; they frighten and they allure. I cannot discover any practical vein in their work. Simple it is, even to coarseness, and homely even to slang ; but it does not appear to me to be likely to brace men against the subtle and steady temptations of everyday life. The ideas which these men inculcate are out of date. They ore principally those of unques- tioning faith in the baldest interpretation of the Scriptures, but they cannot stand the wear and tear of discussion, such as ¡b con- stantly going on in this keen, restless, sceptical community. Those who accept them blindly in the excitement of a "re vival." will become indifferent to them when they find themselves driven to defend them against an unceasing fire of unbelieving comment Messrs, Moody and Sankey are warmly welcomed by the clergy of all denomina- tions and by the leading laymen. I may mention one motive, which I have only too much reason to know is a strong one, for the readiness shown to get up a religious excitement at present It lies in the financial difficulties in which American religious societies are unquestionably involved, eapecially in all towns and cities of considerable size. An unexpected feature of worship sustained by voluntary contributions has been singular extravagance in expenditure by congrega- tions at all numerous. Large salaries poid to "popular" clergymen, rich and costly church-buildings, expensive organe, large annual expenditure for trained organists and choira (which in this country mean bodies of paid singers selected outside of the congre- gation), these, with the inevitable ordinary expenses, amount to a very heavy tax on the purses of church members in cities. Neany all of the church societies aro heavily in debt, and pay annually for interest enough to support a pastor, and sometimes fivefold that amount During prosperous times the various societies kept up a Bpiritod rivalry in the generosity of their expenditure, and it is not now easy to reduce the scale. Some- thing, thon, must bo done to bring in moie contributors. I do not imagine that many of those who are working for the "revival" movement would confess to this motive, but, consciously and unconsciously, I am quite sure that it exists. Membership of a town church of the larger class has long been something in the nature of a luxury, and m the present hard times it has bocome some- thing of a binden also, which those who beat it ate quite willing to share with now re- cruits. Whatever may be the result of the ro ligious revival to which I have alluded, I am glad to be ablo to report a steady piogress of that good feeling between the opposing sections and classes engaged in the late civil war, of whioh I have heretofore had occasion to give you some account, and which has certainly a moral value by no means inconsiderable. The South has been now for several months perfectly tranquil, and has completed the raising and gathering of ita crops with no interruption from political disorders. Attempts have, it is true, been made both by Republican and Democratic politicians to create disturbances, but their entire failure has proven the exis- tence of a substantial basis of sonnd senti- ment. The "negro insurrection" in Georgia ended in the acquittal of the alleged leaders by juries of Southern whites, on charges by a democratic judge of peculiar impartiality and good sense. On the other hand, some local difficulties in Mississippi, which the Governor of the state sought to represent as a combina- tion to overthrow the state Government and requiring the interposition of the President, have come to nothing. The president in- sisted that the Governor should exhaust bia own power to preserve order before appeal- ing to Washington, and declared that the country was sick and disgusted with these annual disturbances occurring so suspiciously near election time. The result was that quiet was very quickly and easily restored. I ran across, the other day, a letter of a resident nf Georgia, which shows bo clearly the economic position of the South, that I venture to give you an extract from it It is as follows : " Before the war I kept four negroes on my lot-'Wash,' a man-of-all-work, valued at 1,600doL; Sarah, a No. 1 cook, l,400dol.; Harriet a house-girl, 1.200dol.; and Nancy, a nurse, OOOdol. The legal interest (7 per cent) on the value of these slaves was 350doL per annum; and I had to feed, clothe, poy doctors' bills, ice, Now, I have the same service performed at 300do). per annum. I feed these hired servants, but' furnish no clothing nor pay doctors' bills, and get the same service per month for les3 money than when I owned slaves, and if they die I lose nothing. Now, when I acquire my capital I can put it in other property, instead of locking it up in slaves. This, I think, illus- trates the whole question. The landowner can avail himself of negro labour to-day at leas cost than when be bad to pay for the slave and take care of him. This labour can- not be controlled so absolutely as slave labour, and more or less irregularities grow out of it ; still it is available and susceptible of being used to great profit bythelandowner. Planters who owned slaves, who now remain upon their land and give personal attention to the crops, can make more clear money from the soil than under the old system. The South is becoming every year more familiar with free labour, and under- stands better how to manage it. She is becoming more self-reliant and self- sustain. I ing." 1 This I believe to be a perfectly candid and correct statement of the general condition of affairs in the South. It is certainly an encouraging one. While upon this subject I should note the fact that on Monday (October 25) a statue to l the memory of "Stonewall" Jackson was unveiled in Richmond, with a great display ' of enthusiasm and a liberal amount of lauda I tory declamation. The statue was the work of Mr. J. H. Foley, R.A., and waa presented by a number of English gentlemen, headed by H. J. B. Beresford Hope, M.P. for the University of Cambridge, as "a tribute of English sympathy and admiration." I do not know how good the statue is, and am not even familiar with Mr. Foley's reputation, but I hope his work better than that of the Richmond orators. The latter was a curious mixture of extrava- gant eulogy, confused metaphor, and ambi- tious classical allusion, altogether quite foreign to the stern and simple character of the dead hero. Jackson was a very brave and dashing general, singularly enterprising in his plans, fertile in expedients, firm in will, and completely devoted to his cause. His fidelity and courage won him the conti, dence and love, as well as the admiration of his men, and he wob able to lead them to some of the most desperate adven- tures and hardieBt successes of the war. His operations were principally in Northern and Western Virginia-a moun- tainous region, with which he and his troops were familiar, and his opponents extremely unfamiliar. Under these circumstances his skill in rapid movements had a splendid field, which he used to great advantage. But that he was the equal of Loe or of Joseph John- ston, or of Longstreet, few well-informed critics will maintain. He was killed in 1803 by wounds inflicted by his own men, who mistook him and his staff for the advance squadron of a Federal cavalry brigade which was threatening their left. Jackson won his pet nome "Stonewall" at the first battle of Bull Run, or Mononas, os the Confederates term it, where his firmness saved the insurgents from overwhelming disaster, and literally "plucked victory from the jaws of defeat." I send you o few verses from my BCiap-book of a song very familiar to the Southern anny, with the view of giving the popular Southern conception of the man : Wo bcq him now ; tho queer alouchod hat, Cocked o'er his oye askow ; The shrewd dry emile ; tho spooch so pat, So calm, ao blunt, so true 1 Tbo 'cuto old Elder knowB thom woll ; SajB bo, "That's Banka-he's fond of iholl, Lord eavo bia soul I We'll givo him"-well. That's Stonewall Jackaon'a way. Bllcnco! Ground armBl Kneel all! Capa oil! Old Bluo-light'B going to pray ; Strangle tho fool that (larca to acolT ; Attention ! It'a his way. Appealing from hlB native sod In forma pauperls to God *' Lay boro thlno arm, stretch forth thy rod Amen !" That's Stonewall Jackaon'a way. Bc'a in the aaddlo now. Fall in ! Steady ! tho wholo brigade, HiH'B at tbo ford-eut off. Wo'll win Hie way out, ball and blade. "What matter if our shoes aro worn 1 What matter if our fcot aro torn? Quick Btop ! Wo'ro with him belora tho morn I That's Stonewall Jackaon'a way. The field of national politics in the United States has recently been enlivened by a speech and by an appointment from the President, both exceedingly character- istic The speech wob made at an army reunion, and took strong ground in opposition to the Catholic efforts to secure a foothold in the public schools. The appointment was that of Mr. Zachariah Chandler, ex- senator, from Michigan, to be Secretary of tho Interior-whose principal dutieB relate. Chandler is a wealthy poli- tician, honest personally, but politically un scrupulous, given to drink and profanity, but a strong advocate of specie payments. Grant is said to have selected him from a personal liking for the man, and a determination to have no moro " pious frauds" in the Indian Bureau- an offlco which clerical politicians have had a good deal to do with lately. Poli- tically, the appointment is a blunder. The prosperous mining town of Virginia City, in the state of Nevada, was a few days since burned to tho ground. It was perched at the month af the famous Com- stock silver mines, on a bleak hill side, and was built almost entirely of wood. The high winds made all efforts to save the town vain, although it is furnished with a daily supply of 18,000,000 gallons of water, brought Borne seven miles from the mountains above the place. The disaster will interrupt mining for about 60 days. The New York police havo, by a spasm of unexpected energy, detected the murderer of Mr. Noe, of whose killing I wrote you in Sep- tember, and the guilty man has been con- victed, and now awaits sentence. The following is a summary of the news compiled by our correspondent at San Fran- cisco : EUROPE. LONDON, Not. 8. The King and Queen of Denmark and their daughter, the Princess Thyra, accompanied by Prince John of Schleswig-Holstein, arrived in England on the 2nd Novomber. The Royal party were met at Dover, and escorted to London. They remain till Docombor. D'Audiffret Posquier was eleotod Presi- dent of the French Assembly on the 5th, by a combination of the Left with a portion of the Right. The act is regarded as inimical to Bonapartiste. Realsburg arsenal, at Berlin, has been totally destroyed by fire ; 40,000 rifles were lost. Tho total damage is estimated at 5,000,000 marks. AMERICA. SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8. Moody and Sankey aro not meeting with their expected success in the Brooklyn levival. Moody rebuked his audience the other day for want of earnestness, and said he "hadgrown tired of tho half-hoartodness that was exhibited." This revivalist firm bad also procured an injunction on some en- thusiastic parties who wished to print and distribute thoir hymns, because tho operation did not ensure to Moody and Sankey pecu- niary profit Tho press comments on this in unfavourable terms. A protest has been made by Mrs. Moulton agaiuBt being struck from the roll of mem- bers of the Plymouth Church for non-at- tendance. The protest closed as follows : "My absence is an enforced one, and is caused by the crime of adultery committed by Henry Ward Beecher, pastor of this church, with ono of his parishioners, which I know to be a fact, through Beechor s confes- sions to me, and through the confessions of Mrs. Tilton, and through conclusive evi- dence of crime from other sources. I appear before this church in obedience to the sum- mons which I bave received, and I hereby declare my disposition and desire to dis- charge all the duties devolving on me as a member that are consistent with a knowledge of the adultery of the pastor and bis false swearing in regard to it." Miss Florence Tilton on tbo following day asked for a letter of dismissal from the church. At the same time the New York and Brooklyn Association of Congregational Ministers has taken significant action. A committee of its members has been appointed, and instructed to report, after a careful examination of the charges, whether tho assembly ought to retain Beecher in membership. It is said Beecher will with- draw from the association rather than submit to an investigation. The Third District Court of Utah has ordered the imprisonment ot Brigham Young till the 9,600doL alimony be poid by bim to Eliza Young. Meantime the matter bas been made the subject of Cabinet con- sideration, with a.viaw of determining the exact status of the case, Tho qnea Ition presented is, whether the arrest of Brigham Young could be made on the ; «rounds claimed by the woman, for the reason that her marriage with Young was illegal, being contrary to the laws of the United States, and that she cannot take ad I vantage of hemewn wrong. 1 A duel of a novel character took place in 1 New York on the 1st Two Poliah Jews, 1 jewellers, and partners, named respectively ; Joseph Goldman and Moses Piskolt, qnar . relied, und fought with pistols on the top floor of their business place on Delancey-street 'Goldman was shot and instantly killed, and Piskolt mortally wounded. Robert Dale Owen has been restored to sanity. The directors of the Pacific Mail Steamship i Company recently sold four of their old steamers, running between Shanghai and i Yokohama, to theMUtza Bitsche Company, of Japan. The amount realised is 800, OOOdol, jin gold, and puta the company in easy finan- J ci al condition again. Two brothers, Amos and Isaiah Court , wright, having killed the sheriff (Baker) of Portage County, Wisconsin, were quickly and quietly lynched by 40 masked men, who took them from the jail at Steven's Point The recent reduction of .54 of a cent per lb. as drawback on refined sugars exported has completely Btopped their exportation from the United States. The Canadians have already begun to absorb our immense sugar export trade. It was represented to i the secretary of the Treasury that the old drawback allowanco involved a bounty of half a cent per lb. to refiners, hence the re- duction of the drawback. Colonel John A. Joyce, ex-revenue agent, and the sharpest and boldcBt man in the St Louis whiskey ring frauds, has been con- victed on four charges brought by the Go- vernment The limit of the penalty on each count is incarceration for five years, a fine of 0,000 dollars, and preclusion for ever from holding office under the Government ! Dr. Linderman, director of the Mint, esti mates tho gold and silver production of this country next year at 100,000, OOOdol. Professor Atchinson, on aeronaut, was badly hurt by the rapid descent of his bal- loon at Louisville, when several hundred feet high. While on the passage from Hull, England, to New York, three men were washed from the lookout bridge of the steamer Colombo. One was killed and the others seriously in- jured. Lieut Fred. Collins, commander of the expedition that made a survey of the Atrato NasBissi route for a canal across the Isthmus of Darien last winter, has just finished his preliminary report to the secretary of tbo navy. The distance of the canal survey is 28 miles in a direct line, but the necessary curves make it 30 miles. The entire cost ia estimated at 100,000,O00doL On the 31st, during a gale and snowstorm, .17 persons lost their lives at St Famillie, Isle of Orleans. The people were principally ! residents of the island, and were returning .from market They were being landed from jtheBteamerin a scow, which capsized, and all on board, with one exception, were drowned. i A terrible fight has taken place at Lima, Peru, between the partisans of Admiral Montero and General Prado, candidates for 'the Presidency. Many were killed and wounded on both sides. The Guibord case still agitates the people lot Montreal. Bishop Bourgeot has issued .another pastoral letter, in which, while he counsels forbearance in his flock at the ap- proaching burial, pleads for the sacredness of o consecrated cemetery, ond saya that to preserve the general sanctity in this case the Guibord burial lot will, in particular, be forever cursed. The police hove been fur- nished with 100 breecb-loading rifles, to be used if necessary at the funeral. LOSS OF THE S.S. PACIFIC. TWO HUNDRED PERSONS DROWNED. (FROM THE SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE, NOV. 9.) The American ship Messenger, Captain F. G. Gilkey, arrived, nine days from San Fran- cisco, at Fort Townsend, and reports picking up a part of the pilot- house, 20 miles south of Cape Flattery, and Henry Jelley, the only survivor of the steamship Pacific, which sailed from Victoria at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning, and foundered 40 miles south of Cape Flattery at 8 o'clock on Thursday even, ing. Mr. Jelley floated on the pilot-house from 8 o'clock Thursday night until 10 o'clock Saturday morning, whon he was picked up by the Messenger. Several boats were launched, but they all foundered. The following ia the account of this Bad disaster as related by Mr. Jelley : " My name ia Henry Frederick Jelley. I am a native of Ireland, but have lived for the last nine years in the Dominion of Canada, and am of the age of 22 years. I took cabin passage on boord the steamship Pacific, of which J. D. Howell was master, on the morning of Thursday, the 4th ¡nat, for a voyage to San Francisco, California, and on the same morning, at about a quarter to 9, the steamer left the harbour of Vic- toria, B.C. There were about 200 people on board, more or lesB, and we steamed all that day against a bead wind blowing from the Bouth-eaat fresh. During the day the crew were constantly pumping woterinto the boats to keep the steamship on an even kee!, first on one side and then on the other, and she would list to either Bide alternately. As I noticed, the boats abaft the paddle-boxes had no oars in them on either side, but the forwaid boats had oom in them. Between 8 and 9 o'clock that evening, and while I was in the cabin in bed, I heard a crash, and felt a shock ob if we had struck a rock or something of the kind, and heard something fall as if a lot of rocks had broken into us, and had fallen in by. her starboard bow ; and immediately I heatd the bell strike to atop her, and then to back ber, and then strike to go ahead. I went on deck, and there I heard voices say, ' It is all right, we have struck a vessel,' and look- ing round I saw several lights some distance off on our starboard beam. I think there were three lights. I do not think they were coloured lights, bnt did not pay much atteu. tion to them. I went back into the cabin, and was about to turn in, when I noticed ber taking a heavy list to port, and then thought she was going down, and went on deck. I heard someone Bay, ' She is making water very fast forward. Went forward to the pilot-house, and there heard the purser ask the captain what boot he would take charge of. Did not bear the answer. I asked the captain if there were no blue-lights or a gun. He told me I would find blue-ligbts in the pilot-house. The captain was at that time coming out of his own room. I did not see him after that I then, with another man whom I did not know, went into the pilot- house, found six blue-lights, and set five of 'them off and lost the other .one. I then noticed that the engines were still working, but no one was at the wheel. I then went on deck to the starboard side, forward of the paddle-box, where a number of men wero trying to get the long-boat out, but they could not do it. I then went to Bee about the port boot forward, and helped five or six ladies into it, and tried to get the boat off, but we could not budge the boat There were about 20 ladies in the boat I then heard it said that the two boats abaftjthe wheels had been got off, but did not see them. The boat I was near was partly full of water, and we could not get her off at all. I think it was about an hour from the time the steamer struck up to the time she listed to port bo much that the port boat was let into the water and cut IooBO from the davits. I was in the boat which, when it touched the water, began to fill and turn over. I crawled upon tho bottom of the boat, and helped several others up with me. Immediately after, the steamor Beemed to break in two, fore and aft, aud one half of the smoke-stack fell to port, and the stock struck our boat and pushed it away, and tbo steamship Pacific sank. I think about all the ladies were in our boat, and, when abo upset, they all fell into the water, and I fear they were drowned. This was about 10 o'clock in the evening. The night was not dark, nor was the Boa very rougb, but there was a fresh breeze. I after- wards left the bottom of our boat, and, with another man, climbed on the top of the pilot-house, which was floating near, and wo held on to the upper-wire that came out of the top. Next morning I got some life preservers floating near the house, and with their ropes lashed myself and my companion to the house, I bow three rafts. The fust I had one man on, the next had three men and a woman, and the other I could not make out, owing to the distance, ex. ' cept that there were human beings on it I think we were 30 or 40 miles south of the Cape when the Vc'BBel Bunk. We paBsed the light on TattooBU Island betweon i and 5 o'clock on the evening of the 4th. I and my comrade 'wero on the top of the pilot-house all of the Ctb, until 4 o'clock, when he died. I then cut him loose. The sea was running , very high .all day, and I think my comrade i was drowned-by the waves washing over him, ho not being strong enough to hold bia head up, and the waves constantly washing ' over us. Soon of ter he died I sighted a vessel, and called, the other rafts calling. I did not see the other raftB after that, and that vessel did not come near me. I spent Friday night on my raft. There was little wind until morn- ing, when it came on to blow again, and the sea became very rough. I was then within a mile from the Vancouver shore. I sighted two vessels on the Washington shore, that passed on, and about 10 o'clock on the 6th (Saturday), I saw a vessel bearing down upon me. I was very weak by that time, but waved my hat, and the vessel sent a boat and picked me up. The vessel's name, I learn, is the Messenger, and the captain, whose name is J. F. Gilkey, gave me every attention and kindness possible, and did everything in his power to reheve my wants." The Pacific was an old vessel, bnt oonBi dered staunch. She was built at New York, in 1851, by W. H. Brown, for service on this coast, and until a year ago was owned by the Pacific Mail Company. I 