The history of the German, settlement on the Major Plains, which to exciting so much attention just now is one of the numerous illustrations which are occurring around us of the utter powerlessness of the human mind to cope with the impulses of a diseased nervous system. A. cataleptic young woman induces some sixty or seventy of her country- men and countrywomen to quit their native village in Germany, and migrate to Australia on the strength of her simple assurance that she is acting under the influence of the Holy Ghost, and that when they arrive at the promised land they will find houses and gardens all ready fitted up for them. They yield to her representations, and as a matter of course take possession of their selections on Cocked-hat Flat, to find not a single sign that the Holy Ghost had been there before them to plant potatoes or grub trees. On the contrary ; instead of being greeted with the welcome they had been led to expect as a reward for their faith in the ravings of their priestess, they are laid low with scrofula and starvation, and but for the timely help of the Government doctor and an honest countryman, of their own would every man, woman, and child of them have been food for the rats and native dogs which scour the Major Plains. The narrative has a curious pschychologi- cal as well as pathetic interest, or perhaps it would be more correct to say that it is rather a subject of study to the pathologist. For there is no doubt whatever that the woman who claims. to be possessed of a prophetic spirit, and to fall into trances, is only an- other type of the character we have been made so familiar with in the planchette-writers, clairvoyants and clairaudients of spiritualism. She bears the same relations to other women as a professional medium does to other men, or as the Maryborough Advertiser does to other newspapers. The lady from whose in- spired lips Mr James Smith to said to receive the first breathings and whispers of the New Revelation, which he is understood to be pre- paring for the world, has really no higher claim on his credulity than the epileptic Pythoness of the Major Plains has upon her little flock of scurvy ridden disciples. Those claims may be well-founded or not. That is to say, the religious spirit everywhere may or may not be the result of a certain madness or mental exaltation, in which case the ecstacies of a bishop and the paroxyisms of a medium would be pretty much on the same mental level. Their social consequences differ, how- ever, without any doubt. A bishop lives in a palace, draws his dividends, and is respected generally by the community which supports him. Poor Maria Heller, on the contrary, cannot get enough flour to make her damper, and has a common-place police inspector of the name of Smith sent to her to threaten her with the lunatic asylum. Such and so various are the consequences of a deranged nervous system. : If : T /. T»T ' " "... ' — N! — L i 'A'VERYi pretty storiy'cdnies'itoTus from Bal- hirai; tof 'thS!\i)a)/('iri(cwhich /bahks screw up mming Iconfipauies'. , '"tle "/Haiiif J and Band (Company , -,o jved/ the',N.ati6nM'/Dank some £15,000; .. The bank.- had good security,. for 'tbe'te/warkriowri fio)be! a/large- pateh-bf rich ground in' tiid company's mme/'-'IirHome way or other, the bank made up its intod |o£vWork -the rich patch foivitselftoaiid/ the/Etoudjland 'BUnd passed..out:of'..the'. control of. the share holders Accordingly. ' ' The working turned diit.&VbtoAbljb;attd #H'.;than £1 0,000 had hwh! with. 10 per cent; interest- added, ...when.:; jt suddenly entered into- the1 heads of/the directors to sell tlie' AVliole 'affhir ' The1, local1 manager, Mr .itobson, '.rao'eiyed/iinpuctibns to ',bliat effect, and from the narrative which he h'as published of-- the; transaction; it would seem that .lie was nau&Tto;'dd it' within' 'thtee' day's. ' »A; iur- o!ias.er..wfis found ; Arid the strange ./part of the .business .'to, .that: though, it was known that the Original/shareholders, were willing to take ; pfirtlih.;!the Yen tiite)1 ihpy were never qffered'a' chance.' !The/ mifto iVas sold to an outsider y and the shareh.oldei; and indeed the Whole mining wo.rld of .'Ballarat, were naturally indignant at -the -discoveiy. To calm their indignation, the Melbournetoirec- tora appear to have determiried upon' throw ing the responsibility of selling it upon the lofifii , manager, Mr Robsonj.and they first: ti'ipd tp make, him- aclcnowl edge that he had disposed of it .to a private friend of hto own, and when he denied that impeachment;- and. segt dpwn-sWorn . declarations in. (support of his denial, /tliey clismissed liim. Of course Mr/Ildbspn pqhldn't, choose /but go; but he has published a long: narrative pf bis relations, to klie . business Whioh- we -suspect (" will provo C" n iibtprti/nato Iahy'to-' those -h'e'ihas loft- eteilld.'thoip / lb £)& qo)u;sq p.ihb ilTatiyO' ho tliscioses' two iyer y suspicidiiB 'factp/ - Thq'J one is 'that the bank had- ridhaqto Aoj dhjpoto I 1 V V . ;:' t >N-.- ' >. of the properly;' at all, that they had made a: profit oiit of it, arid ! that tlieto still" l-e.' iriained ia prospeot of making something mote. The. other to that one of the directors,, the Hon. William "Wilson, M.L.C., volun teered at the directors' table to make one of "a' party tb buy if oT the hank, and tiicd to tempt Mr Hobson . to make -another. Mr Robson's 'reply was" that if it became knolvn he was afraid it would not" say much for banking morality, and then aud there ile- clined ttrhave any thing to do with the huai- riess. "Siich to hto "veraion "of 'the affair, and we comment- on it only with a.vie.w.tjo point out that it ought not to be left where he has Jefl itZ/i.Hii ''disclosures vfire'-aff toh'allerige!do the National Bank' to vindicate its character from very grave suspicions, and it ought in' justice to ito constituerits .as. well as-.to./ihe mining world to reply to it in some shaps oii other. As the tiling at present stands, Mr Robson clearly, has been treated very hardly indeed/ and -the public are compelled to believe that he lias been so treated solely and simply for the purpose of averting from the b'dafd-rbotff the veiy just indignation which fchn sham nractice "it "sanctioned has triveri rise to. /ib'ifi a' /-warriirig' to - both bank managers and mining companies to beware, i 