;HUGaH BOBDIIDES LA$IT CHRISBT .. . s. . ' .' AY. •A I ' -, ([B OnBMA.aif i.]. . (prititea-for the Lanwreston Evxmiher.) i i Nearly forty years aoi .flrax made. thoe Sicquaintance of Hugh ordol. He was thon th " lion king" of a small mena. , gerio ob"wild boatsat that 'time eoxhibl I reomembr rightly,-called oniton. irdel was a short thick-sot man of about r-.- two or thre and thirt, with short ori '"black hair, though not curling, small ':dark moustacho-an ornament then not scommonly worn-largo mouth,, a rather fat nnse, but eoyes ýaik, deep sot; and ;.parkling and which in moments of passion could flash and sparkle as if fire , were actually emitted from' them. I Who ther these eyes were the true cause of his wonderful power over the animals he had In complete subjoction-thoy wore' a lion 'and a lioness in one cagofnid a black pan ther in another-or whether it was the Sttter fearloesness of the man, or the eavy iron rod he carried disguised in * "elont and mountings as an ordinary SIdin- wiipm certain it is that th animals *':eard him, and would tremble and cower Sion his approach to their dens. There were Svery few animals bosides the three men . 'tlonod, and the establishment consisted of dit proprietor, the lion king, myself, and a man who was known by no other name *-than "Bill," and whose business lit was to clean and do odd jobs about ;the show. I lfed the beasts and animas,'occaqionally a'sisted the proprietor take the money, 'and sometimes beat on the big drum. ..There wa a man who played the corno poan outside and another with thoeolaorio not; these, with the drum when I could got time to boat it, made up our band. I .ort to montio'n that Hugh ;was a spritualist, of whom" there.. were very few at that , time. b Hugh was however; a' corresponding member 1 wit some of the loading Bpiritualiast in America,' and was or professed to be a firm believer in the science.. His theory was that not only could a ghost or spirit be raised by: different persona moeting together, and going through., the usual t formula of placing your fingers on the L table, and waiting for the announcement c of the spirit's appearance through a me dium and by the answering _raps but I that men of certain . temperamnts had f 'the. power to. evoke a spirit,'when and where required, and that the spirit thus .evoked .would' be visible or invisible" to Sother persons just as the ovoker willed. l Bordel occupied part of a caravan which served for sleeping and' living room, and when our tent was pitched formed part of ."the sides 'of the marquee, with a door opening into the centre of.tho show itself; I so that when he was dressed for the per formanco he had only to step across the ahoramongat the spectators to roach the I doors of the beasts and cages opposite, Mnfny a night while I was sitting with him i his "crib," as he called it, have 1I boon almost terrified while he has boon talking on his favorite themor .. '. ,We were encamped in'the middle of a lone common, so that save the occasional flapping .of the ornamental valahrico c nround the roof of the tent, the' dick, click of the halyards against. te flragtaf, the pat pat of tth lions and panther, as they ceaselessly trod the floor pf their cages, or the deep respiratlon of some of the animals - slumbering near. ns, our oonversation, or I, should ratlior say his talk, was never interrupted except when I an unusually heavy gust of' wind would sweep over the common, causing the ropes I Sto rattle, the canvas to strain and flap, and laot,but not least, the lions to roar in 3 concert, and the panther lot out such an c unearthly kind o yell, and this generally Sas fancled happening at the most ex citing part of his argument, that I would c ask him in terror to stop. . It was Christmas, and thoro was no ' porformanco on that day, so Hugh and r had taken a walk in the pleasant country, 0 The ground was frozen' hard and the f water bound up with ice, but throughout a the morning the wind was bracing, and 8 the air so deliciously mild for. that 5 season of the year, that Hugh and q I, like boys lot loose from school, had been snow-balling each . other running races, sliding on the ice, and generally enjoying ourselves. We lad managed to got a dinner at a very rustio public-house. We dined in the kitchen with the innkeeper and his family, and I although I could se e were rather out of place amongst them on Christmas Day, yet we were hospitably entertained. a A ire of logs blazed and burnt away in a the speciois firo-place, 4nd as we sat on I the "settle" by the side of the fire after dinner, with our feet on the flagged floor, our pipe and glass before us, the sides of bacon on the rafters above us, and some nyJ the family around, we both thought and said we had never spent so jolly a SChristmas Day in our lives before. On our way home, however, the wind began I to freshen, and as we pushed our way across the common, we did so in the face of a cutting ice-cold aleet, so that when we arrived at the menagerie we were very glad to take shelter in Hugh's crib. We lit the fire iu the small stove in tlhe caravan, and after putting on the kettle to boil for tea, went to have a last look at the animals before it got dark. They seemed all right, although the panther looked rather angry and im patient about something; eals was walk ing around her cage and then clawing at the bars, while every now and then she would utter a short cry, and her green eyes would look far from pleasant. After a few questions as to with what and when 1 fed her last, we went back to tea. After tea, Hugh's spiritualistio hobby came on again, and after reading some correapondence he had lately received, the question arose on that eading as to the atuald appearanoe of dismbodied pirits, and whether it was possible of your own will to compel the appearaoe o0 any splt, or to compel youraef by an effort of your will before death.td appear fterdeath to any stated person or at any. Stated timoe. "neo .. Hugh hold that it was possible, and while I diasentod he said, ' Look hero, Sold fellow, I know it's right I'd raie ghost for you to-night only I sed you are too frightgned, and that infernal' pan thor's noise i far from pleasant 1 m est admit. But tI'll tell you what I will do, I'l raise you one some other time, but this I'm best if I don't do-- tlrhefirst time * er my de4Lw^ thaty ,0 hppe» to see a tl. ?vid no a matter ichere oal nhen, ruI \- there, ard in the same toggery s whea I.' I blt ese ne in life. Perhaps that will help to convince you." There was a dead silenen for some moments alter he had half-seriously, half Socosely said this; but lhe Bhrill whistling noise of the wind without made us feel that the pale, for such it happened to bo, Steaof d-ly increasing.; A stronger blast f wind ad the increasing uproar of the Sanimals made us rather alarmed for their safetyand that of the tent. As we were litening, the roars and screams became »rrfic, and the peculiar cat-like yell of h n ?st ern if furious or in pain, made s hasten out to see what was the matter. On opening the door, and advancing t.rd the den of the panther, we saw Sthat she had by some meads got one of Sher eorspaw between pne of the ban of She cage, and that in qiih a manner by the leverage she had obtained as to twist the bar and loosen it in its socket. If she managed to displace the bar she could. then have got out, and then the conse. quence would be terrific, for she was a line well-grown beast, and saving the control of Hugh lordol submitted to no t other authority whatover. t Bordel saw at a glance the difficulty, and the only solution of it, which was for him to go inside the cage And endeavor to hold back the enraged boast while tempo rary bars were placed interlacing the one bent. Bordol's usual dress on perform- h once consisted of high boots of red lea- t thar, a purple Greeok cap and tunio of t some white material, with heavy gold ' fringe and bolt. With this costume heo. a always encountered the beasts, and as his i theory was that all animals are more attached to you in a certain dross "(wild animals as much as others) he therefore would not venture in unless thus arrayed. I He hastened in, and had not been absent r more than a few minutes when he' re appeared in allhis bravery, and unfasten lng. thedoor of the cage alipped in, re-. fastened it, and was face to face with the panther, who had now desisted from her 2 efforts 'for liberty "to face, the present danger. Immediately th panther made d preparations for a spring, but either some thing in the accustomed dress of her op- '] ponent, or more likely the look from his i eyes, which were now absolutely glitter- a ing en their intensity, made her lesitate p -that moment ot hesitation was the lion- g king's opportunity. Quick as thlough he sprang alose to her side, and with a .well; g directed blow on hoe head at the back bf a her ear laid her stunned aiid bleeding at w his feet.. 2 "Quick, the bars 'l" were his words, and a fast as we could fix them in they went. d "One, two, three, enough, thank God," h said e ; 'scarcely were these I words y uttered when the panther recovering sI her momentary stupor sprang 'ozi him, t fastening on his leg, tearing the bootn away, and the skin of his i leg with it in long strips. The w sight was dreadful, but Hugh half o turning aimed blows on her head, but p these could not be well directed or well ti given from hisposition, as he hadto hitp over his shoulder. The loss of blood,-too,' was weakening him, as not only from his I, leg was the blood streaming,' biut also from his back, where the beast had fixed t her right paw in order to drag him.down. T By a supreme effort Hugh, who ws 'now p In 'my eyes more than ever the lion p king, swung himself round using the ani- i males fore-arm as a support by catching to held of it with his left hand; b'utin doing qi this the paw fixedin his back was'draggng ' wisay the flesh and muscles from off it; but notwithstanding the frightful pain and aigony he was suffering, Bordel, by. o a well-directed blow given with a last 'exý 'piring effort, laid the animal sensoless on tl the floor of the deon, while he fell and was p dragged insensible on her body. We did ei not lil the animal, but we managed to t] disengage poor Hugh and get him into' a hissowncaravan, outof which, alas, honoever a more emerged alive. te We stanched the bleeding as well as we h could and sent for a doctor. After a n time bordel rallied from his insensibility, li and first looking saound as if in boewilder- h ment said "Is she dead 1" "No.", Then t, don't killt her." \ * I said "Lie still, Hugh, we have h sent for the doctor ; don't talk." c He said, "A doctor's of no use now; d I'm dones I can feel it." ' omeo little time elapsed, and thenlook- c, ing towards me-"Peter," he said, "I Is shall do as I said. Mark my words when i, you next see a wild beoano matter whore b or when." b 'I entreated him to kdep quiet, and he o than seemed to meditate, and at last to i doze.'.... . -, ' . ''--p--e As he lay thus the lion near us burst into a torrifo roar followediby low and a reverberating grumbles. Huigh heard it, t and springing up in his bed In his per- f forming dress, and with thol lion-tamer's d spirit on him, his stern bloodless face and n glittering eye looking so commanding and q so stern, cried--"Down, brute. The bars quick I Oneo two, three. Thank God I Thank God I 'he said, and fell back dead. c And this 'as . Hugh Bordel's last t Christmas Day. Weo.buried him in a corner of f Honiton churchyard, and I the samo. day. loft the Mrenagerio, a partly through the disgust I felt at the t prerioter still wanting to make money t by the exhibition of the panthor--he say- a ing "she would now draw better than ra ever after having killed her man ;" and g partly through the loss of my. comrade. a oon ateor this I left England forever and a started as an emigrant for Tasmania. But now the strangest part of my storya is to come. Twenty years alter Hugh Bordel's death, and as I was walking down Brisbane-street,. Launceston, late v one afternoon, I saw on a piece of waste i land, next the Brisbane Hotel, a tent erected with glaring posters outside, showing a tiger i~ conflict with a man. It t was a wild beast show, and I determined to go in. ' The death of Bordel of whom I 'had seldom thought oe curred to ,me; but it wts not\ until t I had paid my money and was jinside the tent, and looking at the tigoj' tl Bor del's promise or assertion to me caae to my mind : "' The first time after my eath that you happen to see a wild be't, no I matter wheore or when, I'll be there and dressed as'when you last saw me in e. Now, I had never seen a wild beast since that fatal Christmas Day. 1 lookid around me, there were few people in th? show, and the beast was' coiled up sulky looking in one corner. I could scarcely make him out for the comer was. very dark. It was one of those close dark days, and being rather late in the afternoon, you could not distinguish objectevery well nside.the tent; and as I peered into the eage in rather. too close euarterse, for I was. anxious' to see the animal,. to. my-" great horror ,' distinctly saw standing at the head of the tiger, and close to it-so close that they almost seemed to be touching- Hugh Bordel as he aPpeared in that memobe cage on that memorable Christmas Day twenty years ago. His dress was the same, but the boot was torn, and the flesh of that part of the leg that I could see was torn in stripe, while a pool of blood was at his feet. The beast seemed to cower and tremble while I, scarcely less horrified and trem, bling, heard a voice-Bordel's voice though sounding as if from far away--say, "Down, bht i Qick I the bars. On two, three I Thank God I Thank God I" , FaNCon Pols ra OR FuesTraE,--To ope pint of .spirits of wine,, add half 'an ounce of gum shellac, half an ounce of seed le, and a quarter of an ounce of sandarao; submit the whole to a gentle heat, frequently shaking it,'till the e various gums are dissolved, when it is fit r for use. Make a roller of list, put a little e of the polish on it, and cover that with a Spiece of softlinenrag,whichmustbelightly f touched with cold drawn linseed oil. e IRub the wood in a circular direction, not covering too large a space at a time, till g the pores of the wood are suftciently Sfilled up. After this, rub in the same ,ft hanneo spirita of wine, with a small it portion of the polish added to it, and a 7 most brilliant surface will beproduod4 