TRAGEDY IN MELBOURNE. A shocking tragedy was enaoted in Flinders* lane last evening. A man named John Makiwitz, stated to be a native of Dantzic, and about 42 years old, who, it is said, at one time kept, the Empire Hotel in Hotham, but had latterly been employed in some capaoity at St. George's Hall, and was in very straitened cir« curastances, was married a year ago yesterday to a young woman, but they did not live happily together. The woman, who is rather good looking, states that he wus very jealous of her, and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subsequently. They lived together, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him, and took a house at 136 Little Flinders-street east, not far from the Detective office. It appears from what follows that the woman gave him cause for jealousy, and that brooding over this lie came to the determination to kill himself in her presence, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death. Yesterday morning he went to his wife's house and got a sovereign from her, for the purpose, as^he said, of taking out of pawn a greatcoat and some shirts preparatory to going up the country with a hawker, but in reality it ap pears for the purpose of buying a pistol and am munition with which to kill himself. The woman was very much frightened by his manner then. At about 6 o'clock in the eveniug lie returned aud knocked at the door, and was let in by a little bov, who, after opening the door, weut out the back way. The man walked into the bed room where his wife was, and looked at her iu such a terrible manner that she crouched against the bed, aud implored his meroy. He struok her, and then showed a pistol, and pointing out that he had twisted round his finger a lock of the woman's hair, pushed her suddenly backward upou the bed. She sorearaed and at the same instant felt something liko a puff of wind pass over her head, a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering she saw the man lying across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains scattered over the bed and floor , She gave an alarm, aud Constable Siattery being fetched by a boy, went to the place, He found the mun lying on his hack on the floor in a pool of blood, the left side of his head blown away, and his brains scattered about. The sight was a horrible one. The mun seemed to have fired the pistol into his mouth. His left eye, t the left side of his face aud head, and all the inside of the head, were blown away, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump m the centre of the bed. Beside his left-hand was a small single-barrelled pistol, and near his right hand was a letter. The wife of the de ceased, Alice Makiwitz, said that the man tried to shoot her first, but from the contents of the letter it does not appear that he had any inten tion of killing her, out that he sucoeeded m doing exactly what he wished, namely, shooting him self over the woman's living body. The woman said the man's name, was Munkovich, but the namo was spelt by the police as given above. Below is a copy of the lettor as near as could be. published. The writing wns very shaky but tolerably distiuck, and the errors in grammar aud spelling were much less than might have been expected, considering that the writer was aforeiguer. It contains allusions to his wife's immoral relations with men, whoso uames are not given below for obvious reasons. Some of the context also has beeu omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to tho day of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yester day was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force apparently alludes to the fact that the woman lived near the Detectivo-oftice. The letter runs thus : " December 17, 1875.-I write this in uiy proper 60H8W, and I iiitond to .kill myself* to-day some way. My wife left me last week through the interference of the following women and men. [The next sentence is incoherent.] Pro stitution is the best earned on, most successful curried on, under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. ... I don't sign by name. It will bo fouud out soon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living cnrcas (?), that she always may remember my (?) in that beautiful life she and her companion are leeding, und may the course (P) of God be on lioro (?), that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost ho shall hunt her aud drive her to madness, and the worst I wish here (?) [Tho remainder was writteiusp that it could not be known which portion read first] I got £1 from my wife and 'I paid 4s. for a pistol iu Cleelnnd's. I returned the rest to her after pflyinjj fof powrter and shott. I see her at my wedding-day and my burried (P) with the lock of hair on my finger I leave my lodging now 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some niouey,-the first and last to buy pistol, and return to her, take her in my amis, and scatter my brains over her cursed careas, Ameu. N.B.-My wife's name was Alice Buckloy, and you will find from her, her brother is an old policeman, and living, I belive, iu Dumleuoug, Oakloigh, Fern tree Gull, or Sale (Gippslaud) at present I beliove. J. M. M. married December 17, 1874 ; died by his own |(»})d Pepembev 17, 1875 : order for a grave The tragic event natwffiHy ptiused cfins}ilef nble excitement in the neighbourhood, and u great many people assembled in Flinders-lane aud wished to see the corpse, but the polipe in cjmpgp of cohi'so admitted no one except those Who hi>d business iji the p)app. The bpdv fp; Wains fit t|ie house pending an inquest.-4rgus. December 18. Mr. Hartley, the new President of the Education Couucil, was presented .last week with testimonials by the boys of the Prince Alfred College, Adelaide, on his giving up the Head mastership of that institution. The iuteycolonjal cricket iflafah, Now South Wfiles y. Vjctppn, wjll bp pliiypd'pn the 27th,' 28th, apd 29th,' The Sydney men arrive'd in Melbourne last' week. Their' names are 13.' Gregory, N. Thompson, J. Tooher, E. Sheridan, J. Powell, J. Seiiie, J. Tindnl}, 1"\ Spoffprtb. U. KvflPS, \Y, Mpijopli, 0, Clarke, - ^ve^dull, Cqiftes tjnd D. j-frpgory. "A:' (lisGoyeryMinS lately been made on an island in the Mississippi/' says tho Pall Mall Gazette, " which shows that tho aborigines of America were not wholly unacquainted with mechanical surgery, but occasionally wore wooden legs when deprived of their natural limbs, lu a subterranean cavo hewn out of a huge solid rock, which ' had undoubtedly bppn madp thonsu^ds pf years ago,' lo^'a. amojig several otjier remarkable articles, a skull s as brown as a polislied walnut, perfect iu every respect, and of extraordinary size, also' an almost complete skeleton with a wooden leg. The fastenings of the artificial ljnjb consisted of petrified lei>t]jof fiijd bfoijze buckles. Tlip original )pg Hppparg fq hip'p bpen removed half way between the hip ana knee. This discovery is regarded as extremely interesting, as not only proving that timber extremities were fashionable in early ages, but that a knowledge of bronze wus among the learning of the uboriginies. It is, however, father painful to retiectjjthat t]|e statopf society thousands of yeafs ajjq lnjd {jof evgft tljfi redepinipg po^t of bgi|ig i|a|wai, hut was arti ficial, as at present, aiid that iu honouring the bones of our forefathers we have often uncon sciously been merely hououriug their wooden stumps." "Among new travelling arrangements con sequent on the opening of the railway to Sttvwel} will be qpe >yhiph >yili o pnnect ll^liani jjignj directly with Adplajde," the Plfiimnt focfk JS'civs sjiys. '' This is tho running hy Cobb & Co. of a direct line of coaches from iidrsham to the South/Australian border, on the line which the intercolonial railway will doubtless occupy here after," Lieutekakt Boyne, of the 38th llegi ment, who a short time ago walked from Aldershot to London in less than seven hours, has walked from Aldershot to London aud back, & distanoo of 70 miles witUiu lj[ lujuvs. GREAT WALKING MATCH AGAINST TIME, -On Monday, 20th September, there was an attendance of 4000 or 5000 spectators at the Little Bridge ground. W«st Bromp ton, to witn ss,W. Perkins the champion, attempt the extraordinary mid hitherto unaccomplished task of walking eight miles within the hour. Perkins attempted the feat at thcinme yround lust Ducomher, but guve up without completing the distance. On that occasion, however, the weather was so cold and un avorable that no very ?;rcat importance was attached to his ailure. Five o'clock bad been the time fixed, but it was not until 2d minutes to six that the start actaually took place, Perkins, on receiving the word to go, dashed off at a great pace, and finished his first mile in 6 min. 46 sec. lie then naturally became somewhat slower, but continued to walk very fast, and with scrupulous fairness. The time for two miles was 14 niin, 13 sec-, and for three miles 21 min. 37 see, The walker showed no Bigns of failing power, and finished four miles in 28 min. 57 sec. Allowing seven minutes and a half as the extreme limit for each mile, he bad thus completed lialf his task with just over a minute in band. The time for five miles was 36 min. 32 sec., and for six miles 44 min. 24 sec. The sixth mile was the slowest of nil,occupying?min, 52 seo. Perkins, however, had still more than half a minute to spare, and encouraged by the tremendous cheering that greeted httn, he put on the pace and finished seven mile3 in 51 min. 51 seo. His success was now almost certain, as he showed hardly any fatigue. Walking fiuely to the end, he completed the eight miles in 59 min, 5 sec., thus winning the match with 55 sec, to spare. These times are unrivalled from four miles up to eight, and as in his match with Stockwell last year Perkins did the best times on record for one, two, or three miles, he may fairly claim to be the best man yet seen at any distance up to eight miles. Whether he would prove equally successful over very long distances it is, of course, impossible to tell. Perkins, we may mention, is a Minrt man, of compaot and wiry build, and has just completed his twenty*third year. THE West is noted for its admiration of the fair sex. An Iowa justice of the peace recently refused to fine a wan arraigned before him for kissing a girl against her will " because," as lie re marked, *.* the plaintiff is so temptingly pretty that nothing but an overwhelming sense of dignity* and the responsibility of its oath, has prevented the Court from kissing her itself." TRANSATLANTIC REPOETING. - The " personal" announcements in Western papers combine conciseness with a plea* sant vagueness; as, for example, a Nevada journal says-" There was no regular trial in the case of John Flanders, yesterday. He had an interview in the woods with a, few friends, however, and it is perfectly certain John will never burgle any more." A correspondent wants to know our opinion concerning the disposition of the dead. As far as we are acquainted with them, the dead appear to be of a quiet disposition. 