ADELAIDE. SATURDAY The elections for Gumeracha, Ward and Hannaford ; Llghtatow, Rock and White ; Stanley, Kingston and Mann. Mrs. Thomas, wife of the founder of the Register, was buried yesterday. She was aged 87 A. cargo of Baltic deals sold by auction up to 8d. per foot. . Over three inches of rain have fallen in the north. The Evangelical Alliance recommended to-morrow for services as a thanksgiving for the harvest. Wheat, 3s. 9d., and wanted. A cargo of wheat sold to-day at an outport at 3s. 6d. per bushel. A seaman of the Pearl died of brain fever yesterday, and was buried to-day. The Governor left by the Pearl to-day, for the south-east. ANOTHER SPURIOUS REPORT OF DROWNING -The Newcastle Mot states that the lad who was supposed to have been drowned from the Dutch ship Regina Maris was yesterday morning found concealed in the hold of that vessel. It is presumed that the boy was watching for an opportunity to desert, as he had been stowed away the days when found. A TERRIBLE DEATH On Wednesday afternoon (says the Goulburn Herald), the coroner (Mr. Betts) hold an inquest at the residence of Mr. W. M. Wright, Inverary, on the body of John Harris, a labourer, aged about fifty-four, and unmarried, who came by his death under the following circumstances : It seems that deceased came to live at Wright's on the previous Monday week on Sunday afternoon he went out with a tomahawk, saying that he would get a native bear for the dogs ; he did not however return, and Wright, being away from home, and his wife having two young children, no search was made for him until Tuesday, when Mr. Clark, having called at Wright's house, and being told that he was missing, went in search of him, but without success; the same afternoon Mr C. Styles and Mr. Glennie called, and they also went in search; and not far from Wright's house, but not within call, they found the dead body of deceased on the ground with the limb of a tree recently cut down lying across one of his knees ; the tree was of sufficient weight to fasten the deceased to the ground so that he could not get away, but Mr. Styles believes that from the softness of the soil he in girl, had he made the effort, have removed and sent to release himself. Constable Tracy went and examined the body, and found that the tree rested on the inside of the left knee ; it took three men to remove it there was a wound on the inside of each arm at the elbow joint and also in the throat under the chin, and there was a quantity of blood where deceased lay and a knife with the small blade open and stained with blood was lying close by. Witness said there was no doubt that the deceased had cut down the tree and had been knocked down by the rebound: and he believed that finding that he could not extricate himself he bled himself to death to end his misery. The jury returned a verdict " that the deceased died partly from injuries received by the falling of a tree and partly from injuries wilfully inflicted by himself." A CHASE AFTER A GROSE-The Tasmanian Tribune reports that on Sunday evening, 7th instant, as a couple, consisting of a young lady and her admirer, were wandering in the vicinity of St. George's burial ground, the spectre, which has up to now eluded the vigilance of the police and the public, made its appearance. It was nearly being its last appearance in public, for the youth gave chase and pressed it so closely that it was compelled to divest itself of some of its dress, which fell into the hands of the pursuer. The articles consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and a skirt, connected with which was, of course, the ever attendant improver. The spoil remains in the hands of the party who drove the ghost the Um extremity of leaving it on _eueJ4,anith8 0wn«oe_u«T»Hooer^t»_oa. 