DESTITUTION: OF IMMIGRANTS. [from* the age correspondent.] r BesaIiIiA. 2Sth November -Divested. of all useless matter, the follow iug are the .particulai's connected with, the official .visit, to'the distressed. Germans at Yarrawonga :—Inspector A. 15. Smith, ac companied by an interpreter, left Benalla on Friday evening, . arriving .at. Devenish at: !i eleveii'o'eloek. P-in."T and after travelling all night they arrived at the Cocked Hat Camp about six" o?clock on Saturday morning; From there they proceeded to the first Ger • ■ znan camp", about a, quarter of a mile distant! This camp is situated in Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine water holes. The camp .consists of four bark huts, used as. dwellings; and two bark sheds used for cooking and , other purposes. There are three families living in the Cocked Hat Camp, in . all 10 people, three being males and seven females! There are two very old men, one a carpenter aged 65, and a saddler about the same age ; the saddler was away at the Duokie ilour ,,milb,-trying to obtain three bags of Hour on \- credit; " The visitors were received with . 'great kindness, and Inspector Smith, assisted by Mr Myles, the interpreter, explained ! the object of their visit The physical con- i dition of the people here appeared to be as good as that of the ordinary peasant. Seven are aged; one is a ,young woman abont 21, there is a boy about six, and the other a girl abont two years old. The last-named three looked remarkably healthy and strong, • showing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man (the carpenter) was asked yvho induced them to come to this country, and his reply was that God had , called them and they were bound to come. The Tints were then inspected, and every . ^hing appeared clean and well conditioned. There was plenty of furniture and bedding, all brought from home. In one of the cook ing sheds an old woman was preparing food consisting of vegetables and flour. Inspector Smith asked them what prospects they had for the future. They replied that they had between the two camps S00 acres of land selected, and had this year GO acres of wheat crop, and if they could rub along till the harvest was gathered, they could get on for the remainder of the year. It was explained that the two camps were, on the communistic arrangement. Being asked how they managed to get the crop in, they stated that when they arrived at Melbourne they bought a waggon, dray, plough, and other imple ments, and two homes; but they were com pelled to sell the horses.-and; dray to Carl Berndtfs man for £5 each, or £15 for the lot, winch it seems theyexpended in food for the- benefit of the community, inspector Smith promised them relief,, and a smile of gladness was observable upon all around. The inspector then proceeded to Mr Carl Berndfs farm, three miles distant. This is the Mr "-Charles-Burns " referred, to in the letter to the German consul.^ Berndfc spoke of the many acts of kindness he had done for the people %of the".other .camp, ..where the great distress existed, mid that they would jjiiot be guided By him ; so he had now given, them up, as they were completely guided, by . a woman, whom they believed to be inspired by the Holy Ghost. One of the community, a married man, lives at Mr Bcrndt's, and works as a blacksmith. -Mr: Berhdt was interrogated about the horses and dray his man had bought from the people at the Cocked Hat Camp, and he replied that the dray was -not worth . £5, and that, he had bought it of liis man. The dray was shown, and Mr Coghill valued it at. about £12 at the lowest'estimate. The horses were not produced.- The other camp, *'-Hill Plain Camp,"' is two and a half, miles distant from MrBerndt's and.he was asked to ac company the . party, to. the.rplacc: but he' said he would not unless he was paid for it, as he had lost too-much time already by them. However, at last he consented to go, being* persuaded not < to forfeit the good name he had already gained for his exertions in their . behalf, and seeing that succor was to hand. The party, then started- for the camp, which consists of ten baric huts, and contains about forty people, mostly women and children. The interpreter, as before, explained the object of the visit. The first thing that attracted the attention of the party was something covered, over with an old tarpaulin, and on inquiry they were informed that it was a coflin ready to receive, the body of a boy abont 12 years of age, who was lying ill a dying state in an adjoining hut. Inspector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, i and on its being pointed out the party cn ! tered without any ceremony, and an apalling sight met their view. Lying ouakfhd of bed,' within four feet of a blaring fire, lay the emaciated form of what appeared to have been a fine intelligent boy. of abont 14 years of age. At a table in the same hut, facing the door, sat a man and woman both engaged sewing a piece of print The man looked as ; if lie had recently recovered from sickness. ; The female was about 25 years old, 4fL Gin. high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a pug nose, rough black hair and sunken eyes. She took no notice i of the intrusion. They uncovered the bo}', | and a most distressing spectacle met them. I His legs, feet and body were swollen to monstrous proportions, and the skin was in a neglected' state as to cleanliness. The prond flesh from the upper gnms extended over the teeth, and the whole condition of the sufferer indicated scurry. By this thne i a crowd had gathered ronnd the hut, and on inquiring what nourishment the hoy was ) getting, his mother replied that all they; had | was flour _ and vegetables. The room in winch the sick hoy lay contained the other body. ■ They then proceeded -to examine the other huts. In the adjoining hut lay an old man, about 67 years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, hnt the disease had not made quite such great progress. The whole of the huts ap peared as dean as they could be made. Inspector Smith inquired how many had died, since they arrived at the Hill Plain Camp, and he was told eight adults and one child, the latter still-horn. IIr Smith re quested to he shown where the bodies were "buried, and he was taken to the corner of a" garden about three chains distant from the dwellings, aud fenced off with a bush fence, and at" the upper end of the garden he was shown the graves all fresh filled. The depths i of- the graves are about three feet each. The party, returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked them if they would accept assistance, and they thankfully" replied "Yes." By this time several of the com munity that lxad hot been seen before arrived, as if from work. They com prised men, boys, and girls* .All the young people appeared to.be healthy, the girls particularly so. Their complexion was bright and fresh, and their countenances intelligent. The majority of the elder mem bers of the community appeared to he suf fering from some malady. Inspector Smith desired to be introduced to the prophetess, and the woman previously described as one of tbe persons in the bat with the dying boy was brought forward as that personage- On being interrogated by the interpreter in" reference to her inspiration, she fell into one of her customary trances. In these trances she says the Holy Ghost visits her, and instructs her how she is to govern the people, who, to all appearance religiously believe in her. Mr Smith told the inter preter to let her know that unless she were out of the trance in less than two minutes he would have her removed to alnnatic asylum, from which place she would never get away. This appeared to*have the desired effect, for she instantly recovered, hut put" on the simulation of great -prostration and excite ment. A decrepit old man, about 59 years, of age, came up to the interpreter, and* told: him that he would hot allow the woman to be interfered with, as she was in his charge. Inspector Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and the old man replied that he had adopted her when her father died. Air Smith and the interpreter took the old man aside, ' anil questioned him as to the moral condition of the camp, hut nothing tending to immorality was elicited. . Both sexes of the- young are scrupulously domi ciled in separate huts. This fact deserves notoriety, as' some persons have circulated disgraceful rumors concerning their mode of living. - The prophetess was then told what Air' Berndt had, said about her guidance of the people, and she replied that Air, Berndt was jealous of . her power with the people, and he wished to be the chief, and because they would not have him he had "said wicked things about her, and that they could not like-him.'" Air Smith then advised her to. give over her trance-business, and let the people go to work. On being asked why they-did not inform" the police of the deaths that had occurred amongst them,' they.,re-, plied that theyliad given notices in German to -Air Berndt,' hut- it "appears lie* liad" neg lected to forward them to the proper autho rities. - They denied having received any money from- Charles Grnhe. The only money they, had received up to Saturday was £9 from the German Association in Ade laide. Half a ton of flour,. with tea, sugar, ^potatoes, fruit, and medical comforts, have this morning- been, despatched to the camp, which is distant 30 miles from'Benalla. Br. Aiicholson has ralso; gone out, and when he returns there will he further particulars.: 