RANDOM RE00L;LE0TI0H!^£HE RESULT OF TWO|OTTLEiM#S> 1 My,inspecting officer in the Coast Guard,, or as hefras called "the Inspecting Commander#" was a remarkable In. man .many (respects. In the first place, lie was too t a» baval officers generally ar®l,a Martinet, but was always " free, able) and j willing as the lobsters say, not only to help a man out of a difficulty, but to suggest obliquely i tue nesfc mode of retreat. In the second place M was a praying man, and never allowed a I ®unSay to pass without having the " church i.fla8 mastheaded t an4 he could not, jest : soundly in his cot if he had not read a prayer to the men every alternate evening} but I believe he drank more grog dally than any other mau in Euro|ie, He weuj. neyer seen the, worse of driukj I however, nor was tlie appearance of it ever noticed on him; :and nevertheless he was con' tinually ewnliowiuu it lit li o(p., and when at length he died in tho very primo of life; and the doctor was at a loss to account for tho sudden* ncss of hi« demise, I who knew his habits could have safety returned a verdict of " burnt out." In those days strong ruui was served out daily to navy men as rations,, and. a large extra quantity allowed to officers duty free j con* sequently the Government aided materially, in encouraging drunkenness amongst it servants, and. thereby unfitting them for their positions; but that objection did not apply to Captain Prender, because pouring rum down his throat resetablea pouring water on a duck's back, until one day, at the age of 45, he dropped down dead in tlie street, aud rum exclaimed, vidi, vici, " The last time I saw the Captain at North Sand his stock of grog in.his yacht was exhausted, aud he entered the station store to tap a tub which had lain there for upwards: of twejve months, as I supposed,; untouched, almost un noticed, for I very seldom tasted spirits in those days, and four of the she station men were total abstainers; but on pulling out the tub, lo I it was a# drjr inside unit out as'a limoburner'B boot, and it appeared the gimlet had been at work, and the awkward person who bored the hole had forgotten to put ina spjggofc or pin. Suspicion poiuted to old Jenny Me, the cook and washerwoman, but it was only a suspicion, ?n<* M SfiPW ofrumllo.n. had been drank by the only thing that can drink it with iui punity-the sand! : ; '' . Captain Prender looked aghast, aud holding up an,empty, decanter,said to me, "All the olergy in the world, from the Pope of Kome down to the Catechist of Cod-liver Creek, could not pray thirbottle full.ofrumll o.p.'i . " That would be a rum imp," "but I have heard beople-'pmying for rainV aud I think it- ;Would . be papier to 1)11. ypur bottle than Scorrybreck's Creek." I said that because I Relieved old .Granny Buie hada<plant,<andtliat I could wheedle some of it, out of her for the thirsty commandant/ nncl I ' judged correctly. However, Contain Prender continued " Bain I praying for rain I" ho exclaimed, " why I never knew,three men uiiaujmoiis'on any one subject in my life, and I daresay if you were to select three out of every four in the churob, one at least out of each trio ,would be for dry weather, But I. warrant me if was in question there would be,less (Jissenpion.'' Why 8}r, when I was at, the Golden Horn in cpnini'and^of the Shell.' drake, there was a living'gqint there, yes an actual live saint, who iftea 'to seEd' off . to the shipping for offerings to bis church, T once sent him,a bag of cabin biscuit* and, seme books, which he returned, wishing to'- have them exohanged for rum," " Of course, you didn't exohange ,them I" ;«' Of -' course", I did exchange them, and so much admired the man's straight forwardness that-1 sent him nearly double measure, .1 wish he was. .,jiere,<pow. to test whethor his faith, which" it was " then said could remove mountains, was competent to fill this bottle I Where lies the nearest inn P" " Stor noway," I replied, " but the distance is far aud the weather so stormy that you could not poa sibly get there before to-morrow afternoon; do ybu believe in witchcraftP" "WitchcraftI"he repeated j " well if you get'me a witch of Endor who will fill this decanter with good unreduced Jamaica:rum,? j3ll ,o.p., I may possibly take her claims into,consideration ]" . In the meantime I had sent " Bill, tlie growler," as old Flett, the coxswain was called, to try privately what he could do with Granny, arid exactly as tlie Oaf tain's episode ceased. Flett's voice buret upon" our oars, J^loy^dovil!jump ora'.yqim throat with his harrows you old witliered^itch. Pork out two bottles of mm ft" ."Away you old ruffiV'ehe replied, " ypu ancient marines you orozier's ghost, you would 8uek~t}ie» dOTiFr horn for rum, but you'll sdck nono out of me, If Captain Prender want# lialf a gallon I'll pay "for it and get.it too," " There, I exclaimed to the com mandnnt, " that-beats youi? golden horn saint 'all to sticks, witchcraft carries the palm." I went to Granny Buio, inysejf and, soon returned with all her contraband Block, which consisted only of two bottles of rum,, and putting them down be fore the commandnnt.said, " Here is Tub of Rum in two volumes." "Yes," he replied, "and both quartos I Let us try their spirit I" ' " i In the morning I was startled to hear that tho Blue, Peter-the signal for sajlingr-was flyiug at the toast head or the Inspector's yacht," for tho weather was very Btormy and threatening, the, sky was like a great leaden basin turned upside down,,; and jEolus would neither blow his bellows nor let 'it alone. ' The wind was transitory- and fitful, and eveiy sooch resembled an undertaker's'whistle in fever time, while Jojinv Buie, like; Norma of .the Fitful Head, shook her erey withered hair and pointed seaward. I also knew the meaning of the Bine 1 Peter too well, and it told that the commandant meant to risk, yacht, life, everything for more grog. A swifier who has once deranged his nervous system will not; and often cannot leave off until all is lost, He will sacrifice place, 1 plirsej position, arid prospect ; but more; grog he must and will have,at any price, I was deeply i interested In tlio Blue Peter, because Lewis being la my station I nnd my men would have to accompany Captain Prender to Stornoway, Stornoway is the capital of the great Island of Lewis which lies about N.N.W. from the main land of Scotland, and is supposed to have been , at ono time united to Skye. from which it is now ; ffPamted by a broad sea channel, In my time I it belonged to the McKenzies, of Seaforth, but : IS now the property of Sir James Matheson, Lord-Lieutenant of the County in which it lies, and at the time I am writing of Mr. Matheson had,only,commenced his career as o lucky adventurer in China, in conjunction with a Mr, Jardine; and founded the firm of Matheson, Jardine & Co., of Canton-a mercantile firm now ^ the most profitable and; oxtensive in the world. They commenced business in a very small way, importing opium on the quiet from India and swopping it to the Chinese for tea s but their, business soon assumed, gigantic dimensions. At first it was a species of contraband trade, the Emperor of China having prohibited the importation of opium ; but latterly they carried on a prodigious business in defiance of him, and accumulated and now accumulate money faster than they could actually count it-the result of which is that the Mathesons are not only proprietors, of the great island of Lewis, but also of the great estates of of Aohauy, Ardross, Lochalsh, Kintail, Invert nate, ttleneJg, Attordale, and some others: and it is said that tlioy onco intiniatfd a desire to purchase the wholo kingdom of Scotland from tliose who hold the. residue of it. Now, how if some of the forthcoming young Matliesons should «it sonio future period buy up the kingddm of England, and thereby become solo proprietors of Great Britain P 11 qw would Queen, Lords, and Commons stand affected, seeing that they would he liable to eviction by tho right of hypothec P t n Matheson is also M.P, for tho County of Boss, and in his place iu Parliament tho other weuk made tho startling announcement that the scotch fisheries are failing, and the Hobrides overpeopled, and he in conseqnence- demands a State education for the people " to fit them for tho colonies"; but I see from statistics now before me that Lews and Skyo carry on a vast contraband trado in whisky with Torridon on the mainland, tho latter placo furnishing the grog and theso islands the money, aud i con elude that a place cannot be so very rioor or overpeopled where so much firewater is sold; and I wondor Sir James .does not rather convert them into customers for his opium like the Heathen Chinee. At any rate, 1 believe there were more people in Lewis in my ..time than are iu it now, and the fishings were very in differently prosecuted, but I never,heard' nnv complaint about, its being overpeopled : nud if it really is so, I think a man who proffers to buy I up Scotland ought to buy up a prairie in America as an outlet for his people, as Quaker Penn did before, But I nm away from my story The station longboat was hoisted on board the I yacht mi ciioeked on deck, the anchor weighed, j and away we went throrgh a heavy cross sea tearing and struggling for Stornowny to get two bottles more, Winn wo got on the lee sido o! Lewis nnfl Into smoother water we were bothered with fog banks, which opened an 1 closed like the Girdle, ness light) and the sailing master soon beoame as confused as a bee in a barrel of tar i but the Inspector's thirst Inoreased, and "Onward" was the word, On the east side of Lewis, about half way to the Butt, there is a deep and my rooky inlot, the entrance to wliioli closely resembles the entrance to Stornoway Harbour, and If a ship runs in there she will probably notgefcouUu ft hurry j for the rooks In that bight resemble the teetlyiu- r Uafrrow wlien the harrow Is turned upside down; but there Is little danger W boats in it, .bemuse the water is alwayssmoothwUH little or no tide. Well, into that bipty pur;do» voted yacht by some infatuation ran, followed by a large herring brig 'which funded herself safe wheu following a Reveuue Cruiser. Nor Was the sad bluuder noticed until theyboth took tlio ground, and the fog cleared The herHmj man and his herrings arp, I believe,-there |tilh but the cutter by ^nt of great labour; find va« expense was ultimately got out, with hpt-coppd' all torb and lacerated, .aud, of course, the cataiiM trophe was quietly laid down at the door^H Mollis as many anotber-bluuder has been, bunv^ all arose through two bottles' moro-nnd I be«1 Heve that bottle has drowned more ships than Boreas, y? ,. Oh J what creatures of circumstance we are, utid how energetically and vociferously we. follow tho man .who has raised a ory on some, subjeot ho scarcely understands. Air. Plimsoll attributes all shipwrecks to the owners of ships, and the people applaud and. follow, him while there is, in reality, far more maritime ttilsfortunes due to ship masters than to owners. , fiie son of Mr. Matheson,,pf. Afdross. attained his majority' the1 Other month, . and tno Seotch people rejoiced more oyer' the circumstance than :tbey would if each had found.a Balt oivsilycr man. "Hurrah" thoy cried, "for oufuiwm Master, hurrah for him who will maketlie .people happy aud.tha land rich-the" tltgjie ql Xrdross mid PIooktowa~Oawdor aud^llir^iiritbno greatest still behind," and in the same'year anu almost in the samo moment., ;we find, " the people's Ministry," as it calls itselfto Victoria, fretting, and chaffing, arid crying " Iiet us burst up these estates", with unjt}8(< .taxation, because the Messrs. Wilson'and some other energetio men hold'a.few thousaud acres :of pasture land. Great Britain may become the property of ope man, and the people will rejoice lafta be exceed* Ing glad, they will make .bonfires in his honour fliid.pjiout themselves hoarse ; bufc,lnj Victoria if a man'becomes possessed 'Of a bWdofik by any other means thau selection the Ministry, followed by mi . applauding; mob* straightway ,seek to?re» pudlRte lheir-own-sale, to fnlaifyjthelr own trans* action aud ignore precedent, principle., and | privilege, Hotspur, August 7. 