TENNYSON'S « F QUEEN MARY." ME. TBNNTSON has recently published a drama on the subject of Mary Tudor, which is creating considerable stir in literary circles. Of course it is beautifully written, but Mr; Tennyson seems to have taken the key-note of his work from that of Mr. Gladstone's late pamphlets, and to be almost as much concerned about the daogers to be apprehended from the Catholic Church in England as the ex-Premier himself. The " poet's license " is a wide one, as everybody knows, but, after all, it is a proof of historical ignorance ' to write of Mary as " bloody Mary" in these days when her private character has been so thoroughly invesiigated that justice should oblige every candid man to acknowledge that she was personally a very upright woman, and not at all responsible for the horrible deeds done in her name at the close of her reign. Fuller, an Anglican historian, tells us that "she had been a worthy princess, if as little cruelty had been done under her as by her. She hated to equivocate, and always was what she was, without dissembling her judgment or conduct for fear or flattery." Fox, the author of the " Book of Martyrs," tells us that'" Mary was a woman in every way exoellent while she followed her own inclination." During the persecution whioh marked the late years of this queen's reign, she was prostrated by au awful malady which made her actually "lie like one torpid and half-dead," as we are informed by Lady Dormer, her chamber-woman. It is rather remarkable that it was only when too sink to attend the council in person that her subjects were treated with such exceeding severity. Early in her reign, a woman played ghost, and used to answer questions from the window of a lonely house in Aidersgate-street in the following manner—when the crowd shouted " God save Queen Mary," the voice answered—" God save the Lady Elizabeth." When asked, 11 What was the Mass ?" the voioe said- " Idolatry." The woman, whose name; was Elizabeth Croft, was at last detected and brought to trial. Mary ordered that the only punishment to be given her was that of the pillory for three hours. She annulled the law made by ler father which condemned to death persons libelling the king or queen, and, according to all testimony, was .a very merciful princess until her great sickness incapacitated her, and then the nation was ruled by a council : whioh certainly disgraced itself, and often used the same of the Queen without her, knowledge, as is proven by Underhill, a Protestant. writer*. "If,", says Miss Agnes Strickland, in her "Liyes of'the Queens of ngland," "if eternal obloquy wasiin'curred y the half-dead queen, what is. then due -to. he Parliament which legalised the acts of 1 ^ruel^ committed in ber Btujet' Shalt (jail the House of LdkSa fefgoftd, wheb"itar t Majority, which legalised this wickedness,^ *as imposed of the ffcmb individuals Who" had planted very recently, the Protestant ' Ghur«h of England t" • Mr. Tennyeon, as an > educated man, and one who writes in an en* ' lightened age, should > have bom these facts in mind^- Catholie Review: • 