THE GERMAN SETTLEMENT AT HILL PLAINS. GREAT surprise was occasioned a few weeks ago by the publi- cation in The Argus of an extraordinary story, extracted from the columns of the Maryborough Standard, of the starving condition of a number of German families on the Hill Plains, some 30 or 40 miles to the northward of Benalla. The statement beng made public, the police authorities directed Inspector Brook Smith to proceed from Wangaratta to the place to ascertain the real state of the case, and a representative of The Argus, who was despatched from Melbourne, accompanied the police inspector on his visit. We reproduce the greater portion of The Argus reporter's account (which is dated November 28), with a view of fully elucidating our illustrations. It is necessary to state that on visiting the place it was found that there were two encampments of the Germans, one about four miles distant from the other, and situated on the Cocked-hat Creek, but both on the run of Messrs. Nichol and Telford. After travelling all night, the party reached the Cocked-hat Creek, and found the German encampment. It was fortunate that an interpreter had been taken, as not one of the immigrants could upeak a word of English. WHERE THEY CAME FROM. It appears that they all come from some small villages, near Hainan, in Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration during these attacks. The ignorant villagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At last she prophesied the Franco-Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She therefore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusalem, which would be their second resting-place, after which they would return again to Germany and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weary journey. All their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, numbering 64 souls, and made their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a ship to carry them to Australia, their land of promise. They took passage in the steamer Somersetshire, and arrived in Melbourne in April last. Here four of the party seceded, thus reducing the number to 60. Their stock of money at this time amounted to £210. They made inquiries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla district who came from their own part of Silesia, they decided to settle near them, and accordingly made their way to their present camping ground. The settlers referred to are two brothers named Carl and Wilhelm Berndt, and not Burns, as was stated. From what can be learnt Mr. Carl Berndt has behaved very kindly to these poor people, but just now they have disagreed, for when he found that instead of taking the sound advice he gave them, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. As he is the only one in the vicinity who can converse with them, this is no doubt a great loss to them, and they therefore feel all the more wroth. THE FIRST ENCAMPMENT. Proceeding down the creek about a mile the German settlement was reached, and the party were courteously received, and invited to enter. Mr. Miers, the interpreter, at once entered into conver- sation with them, while the others made a tour of inspection of the huts. The people appeared to be delighted to meet with a countryman, and they were soon engaged in explaining their condition. The settlement consisted of three bark huts, with two outbuildings constructed of the same material. Two of the huts have only one room, but the third was considerably larger, and contained two rooms, one of them being used as a general room for the whole of the settlement. This room measured about 30ft. by 25ft. There are three families located at this place, and originally they consisted of eight adults and two children. One of the men has since died ; and when the huts were visited on Friday there were only three women, one man, and two children at home. The absence of the others was explained by the statement that they had gone up to the mill to obtain three bags of flour on credit if possible. The man was at work at a carpenter's bench in the general room, where the women were sweeping the earthen floors, and performing other domestic duties. At one end of the general room was the fireplace, and there was a large tin of flour mixed in readiness to make damper of. One of the women was cutting up some small cabbage and lettuce plants, and this they stated was to form their meal for the day. The only furniture consisted of a rough table and two or three equally rough stools. There was a carpenter's bench in front of the opening that served as a window, and on this were a number of well-worn tools. The sleeping-rooms, which measured about 20ft. square, were also very clean, the beds being arranged in a row down the centre. Some of the bedsteads were low iron ones, but in one of the huts they were simple stretchers, while the two children slept in a large bunk in one corner. The furniture, what there was of it, had evidently been brought from Germany, and a great saving of money might well have been effected if the greater portion of the old rubbish had been left behind. A number of solid old oak chests served as seats, and in each hut was a great heavy wardrobe. At the back of the huts about three- quarters of an acre of land had been cleared, and turned into a vegetable garden. It was surrounded by a neat fence, and well laid out. In one corner a small flower garden had also been prepared, and appeared to be flourishing. The only man here was about 60 years of age, lean and withered in appearance, who said he was a carpenter by trade. His wife, the counterpart of himself, was in good health, while the younger woman of the three was evidently well able to do a hard day's work. The old man, in answer to inquiries, stated that although they were some distance away from the main body of the immigrants, they were all working together as one company. They did not all come from the same village in Silesia, but they had all lived within a radius of three miles of Hainau. The reason they bad come out to Australia was because the Almighty commanded them to do so. This was said with a great deal of reverence. They had placed all their money in one common fund, which was used for the benefit of all. When they first arrived in the district they stopped five weeks with Carl Berndt, and then took up some land. They had amongst them 890 acres, of which 700 acres was at Hill-plains, and 190 acres at Cocked-hat Creek. The old man expressed himself rather bitterly respecting 10 of the party who had seceded, although their passage to Australia bad been paid out of the common fund. THE BLACKSMITH'S NARRATIVE. As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Berndt's farm, which they visited, a request was made that he might be seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, was found busily engaged at the forge repairing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the information in his power. He stated that he was away from his village during the Franco- Prussian war. He was in the 42nd regiment of the line, and served at Metz and Amiens. After the evacuation of France by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in the neigh- bourhood of Hainau. She was about 30 years of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in consequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Meesingbrod, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they had been on the Hill-plains that man had died, and she had then chosen another man named Schultz. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsense, and with his wife had left the community, and was now working for Mr. Berndt. His parents and sisters still lived at the settlement, and he had done all in his power to get them away, but without avail, as they fully believed in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he believed Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought it would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to take Maria away, as she was certainly the cause of starving them all, for she would not allow them to go to work. Since they had been there, eight of their number had died. Notice of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major- plains ; but the others were simply buried at the settlement without any notice being given, or any doctor attending them. Maria said some prayers at the graves. THE MAIN SETTLEMENT. The party, under the guidance of Mr. Berndt, next proceeded to the settlement, about two miles distant. The huts were seven in number, and constructed of bark, similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they we're much smaller. Most of them only con- tained one room, about 15ft. by 10 ft. But in two instances, where there were grown-up daughters, the huts were rather larger, and were divided into two by means a curtain. Here, as at the other place, they appeared to have plenty of bedding, but in place of blankets they had as covering small feather beds, as is the custom in some portions of Germany. The children, who were running about, at once congregated round the strangers, and a few lollies given them soon won their confidence. There was no appearance of starvation, and the children appeared to be in rude health. They were bright, rosy children, who evidently THE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS AT HILL PLAINS. THE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS AT HILL PLAINS. enjoyed life heartily. There were four or five girls from 15 to 18 years of age, who were very cleanly and tidy in their appear- ance. The elders of the place soon made their appearance. Although bearing that worn and aged appearance that so often distinguishes the German peasant, they appeared to be in toler- ably good health. They were very courteous, and invited the party to enter their huts. Before doing so, however, an inspec- tion was made of the settlement. It was found that the huts were ranged in a row, and at the rear about an acre and a half of ground had been turned into a vegetable garden, and gave promise of a good crop in a short time. In front of the huts, but about 60 yards distant, was a small lagoon or swamp, from which they obtained their water supply. In one portion of the settlement there was a very bad stench, owing to the want of proper necessary accommodation. This it was at once re- marked could not be at all conducive to good health, and a proper supply of disinfectants ought at once be sent to the spot. Upon entering the first hut a woman, who said she was 36 but looked 60, was found suffering from the effects of a severe attack of rheumatism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In another place there was an old man of 60 confined to his bed from scurvy and general debility ; and in a third hut was a lad of 13 in a very bad state from scurvy. He was in a most emaciated condition, with very much swollen feet, which pre- sented that doughy appearance which is one of the signs of scurvy. His gums were also very soft, spongy, and bleeding, plainly ahowing that he was suffering severely from the disease. In fact, the members of the community had so far made up their mind to his early decease that they bad prepared his coffin, and this was shown to the party with some little pride in one of the outhouses. The lad was not in a very cleanly condition, and it was suggested that a warm bath would help his recovery. It was, however, alleged by the elderly woman, who was tending him, that he could not bear the touch of water, and that they had in consequence desisted from their attempts. The gift of a few lollies and half a crown to buy more appeared to brighten the boy up wonderfully, and from the manner in which he looked at the coin it is doubtful whether be ever had so much money before in his life. Inspector Smith had, of course, certain official duties to perform that necessitated an interview with the woman Maria Heller, and an inquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at once shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, they were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming about in a. plate of greasy water, dignified by the name of soup. While the prophetess and her companions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the elder children, who answered all their inquiries readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had managed to pick up a little English, and she was very proud of her acquirement's, but her com- panions appeared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a very large one, while, the girl herself appeared to be as happy as possible at her brilliant prospects. There were three other girls who expressed a desire to get situations if they could, but would prefer farmwork to household work, and Inspector Smith promised to get them situations if possible. THE PROPHETESS. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She was sitting at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shaking so much, apparently with fear at the sight of the police uniform that she could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Schultz, who, according to the man Schmidt's statement, is her chosen companion at pre- sent. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little, thin, miserable, prematurely-aged looking young man, with a livid white complexion, and evidently far gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impos- sible to see her face. The conversation had scarcely commenced — in fact, the interpreter had not asked her name — before she pretended to get very excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to work herself into an hysterical fit. The other women — all of whom, by the way, are older than herself — at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, com- menced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. As it was so palpable that the woman was shamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut off the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, requested a few minutes' delay before speaking to In- spector Smith, which was granted to her. While this had been going on, the men, who had been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they were interrogated as to their condition. They admitted that there was no money amongst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour left in the camp, but they were in hopes of getting some more from the mill on credit to carry them on until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, their principal food being damper. They would be very glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exercised over them by the woman Maria Heller, they refused to give any information, until at last one voluble little man stated that he was her stepfather. He was at once pounced upon and led far away from his companions, and submitted to a series of questions. He said, — " My name is Carl Scholtze. I am 56 years of age. I consider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller. She is 33 years of age. I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead. I have known her about five years. I knew her at Jhordanton, near Hainau, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. The Spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities — but what were we to do ? We cannot speak English. The notices of the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt. We also sent, him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not much food. I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon. I do not know how often Maria has these trances. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by the Almighty." While this conversation was going on Maria had recovered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain revelations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and death. She is a woman about 5ft. in height, and looks about 40 years of age, although only owning to 33. She is far from prepossessing in appearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole community. She has a low, retreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a sus- picious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw. Without wait- ing to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows :— '' I have had these trances since child- hood. I don't know what happens to me when I am in them. I believe the Lord speaks to me then. I only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often speaks to me." This closed the con- versation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworth Asylum. A desire having been expressed to see the place where the bodies were buried, the party were taken to the ground which had been set apart as a cemetery, and there found eight graves very roughly made and finished. It was stated than the bodies were only buried 5ft. deep, but, as the law requires 9ft. to be the minimum depth, and the soil there is very light and porous, it is probable that the police will have to take some action in the matter. Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the state- ments into consideration, came to the conclusion that it was his duty to order a certain quantity of provisions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes. &c.; to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest, for which they appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the children as they listened to the list, which was read over by the interpreter ; it was evident, although they did not show it, that a good sub- stantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. It is only necessary to add to this that ample supplies were without delay sent to the poor people, and it is not likely that they will in future be exposed to any privation before their crops ripen and place them in a self-reliant, independent position. 