Lata Matt News. GENERAL. At a communion servieo rccontly conducted iu Orkney) tho officiating ministers were tlio Rov. Messrs. Robb, Roy, nnd Mncgregor 1 — Aberdeen Free Pren, ' Hero is n puff of an advertiser by an editor : — " Mr. , tho distinguishod decorative paiutor (see advertising column) informs his patrons that liis imitation of hardwood is suporior to the natural nrtialc ; tho lnttor, for iust'iiiro, being yellow oak, his yellow oltcr. Abobnts of Mont Blanc.—' Tlio nsocnt of Mont Blano has been exceptionally easy tiijs Stnsou, nnd iii oonscqnenco a' greater number ol ascents lmvc been accomplished tlian in pre vious year. On one day alone a caravan of 23 persons rertcliod tho summit of this " monarch of Europonu mountains ;" ouo of tlioao was n gentleman ot 70 years of ago. It was snid that this votornn had recently boon rofuscd by a youug lady on nacouut of his advanced years, and ho " did Mont Blano" iu order to prove tlint thoro was life in tlio old dog' yet. Two lndios havo likowiso made tho nsoent, but tho youngor, who is still in hor toons, on lier return to Ohnmonni nt onco sucoumbod to n violent attack of typhoid fevor, supcrinducod by tho over exertion, and sho still rcmniiis tuoro in a cntioni state. — ll nria. A Fox Story.— A carious story is enrront in Liverpool about an incident which occurred laloly in n dwolling-houso in tlio town. For some timo strango noises hnd boon heard in the house at nights, nnd ns their cause could pot be traced tlicy were put down to tlie operations of citlior ghosts, cats, or' rats. Traps of various kinds wore set for a long timo without success, but at last ono morning a noiso was heard loudor than usual, and a rush was made to tho spot, and a large fox \yas discovered making for tho ocllnrs and dragging li trap after him by his hind log. Ho was closely purBuod, and finally made for tlio. chimney, where he was captured nnd killod. At this point tho story booomes rather unsatisfactory, as no attompt is rnndo to explain why an animal of so. shy and wild'a kind as the fox should no far renounce his native habits lis to take up his residonco in tlio osntro. of n largo town. . A Deaf Doctor of rnii.osornY. — A young American prosentod himsqlt Inst July at tho University of -Heidelberg for ' examination preparatory to roooiving tho dogroe of doctor of pliilosopliy. Tho first enquiry he made was whether tlio examining professors had beards. Rut astonishment waxed higher still when it becauio known that tlie young Ameri can was nttdrely horeft of tlio power of hearing, hut so export had ho become in reading men's countenances nnd interpreting tlio motiou o( the fncia', niul labial ' muscles, thabhooould nnderatand evory word spoken to him by ono whoso face1 was uncovorcd with hair. To the wonderment of nil ho wont through his- ex amination with perfect case, nnd no ono wonhl havo bclievod from his oorrcot answers that ho did not hoar a wordi that was snid. Ha got his degree. Antidote to Strychnia.— The Journal of Applied Chemistry soys: — It is asserted that salad oil, promptly applied, js tin antidote to strychnin. The remedy has not boon'' triod on men but bit dogs it half pint of oil is snid to be sufficient to provont fatal results. Tho Into Jamas F. Itecd, Esq., of San Joso, California, some yonrs ago assured us thnt ho relied upon lard as nn antidoto, and had, by its ad ministration, savod tho lives of dogs and other animals on more than ono occasion. ' Tho Echo says A man of Fort -street East, going liomo nt a late hour in the night, saw that tho ooenpnuts of a house standing flush with the street had loft a window up, nnd lie determined to warn thom aud'i prevent a bur glary.'- Putting his head into:'tho window, ho called out, " Hallo 1 good poop— I " That was all ho said. A . whole pailful of water struck him in tho face, and ns he staggered hack n woman shrieked out, " Didn't I tell you what yon'd get if you wasn't homo by 9 o'clook P " Mesmrrisino a- Cock.— An . experiment wbiqh it may amuse tho boys to repeat has boon described by sovornl 'correspondents ton popular soienee journal, Place a ,000k nDon a table or a boiird, and, holding his wings clo.40 down to his sides, ' let a socond 'person bend dntvn hla horn! until liifl boalc tnnr.lin tin board on which I10 lies. :ahd draw a lino of wbito chalk straight out from tho poiut of his beak. This done, the bird; may be released from all restraint, nnd ho will not stir as much us n feather. "Nay, further," : writes ono, "youmay olap your hands or shout closo to him, without rousing him from liis lethargy, from which, however, he will ultimately re- oovor." Another experimenter writes : — I havo seen a row of fowls, .rendorod quito sense less by drawing a obalk-lino (beginning at tho top of tho benk slowly noross n table, and I I10T0 sucoossfully. performed tho oxperiment. The birds are simply mesmerised. 