AN IRrsa Gnos'r.STonv.-- An Irish ghost-story has generally something to do with the" baonthee," or uleath-warner, but a supernatural incident which is said to have socurred in the wilds of Kerry the other day in suffioiently thrilling, although the apparition concerned had no hereditary standing. It eaems that a woman residing in Glenflosk re ceived a call from the spirit of iser husband, a ' man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stocikings and gloves." 'Tihe farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some monthsh bhai, although he ought to be in leaves, he was detained elsewhere on occount of owing a sner of £15 to filends of his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. 'The woman in lfll faiths handed him £10, and proaiieel 'to bring him tire rest in a few days if he cars for it. Meanwhile, oboll went and tr1d the pridst, and this gentle man noted very different from the clerical monitor of Misky Fr,,o, who may ho remem bered by readers of Charles O'Malley. Whlen tise gheot in complete burial costumo arrived for the basiknote, he wats at once received by acouple of police, and 1prrrved, se ghosts do in our day, to re a mere pretesder, slaying a part, who will have to answer for his miscon dlect before a magistrate. 'T'lrere was a toush of real dramatic cunning in the fashsion in which this rogue tried to impose us tire sim ple widow. 'Tlhe shroud, the stockings, and, above all, tire gloves, were at once recognised by the poor woman as the most fitting gar ments for her husband, as they wore. the last in which she bad seen him, If he had pre sented himself in tie more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys, she might have wondered how he contrived to procure a change of worting-clothes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who have some dificulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glenflesk giost has not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to charnel properties ought to he a lesson to those who represent spirits in sheoting-soats or walking- dresses. SHeolruo WIFr Muan? s.--On Saturday a man named George Poplett was charged before one of the justices of the Kingston on-Thames county benoh with the wilful murder of his wife. The prisoner, who is forty-four years old, has thtree children living at Ewell, and is a farm labourer. Oa Fri day the prisoner, with his wife and others, were working at Mr. Silookc's farm at Thames Dittos. William Jones, who was in the gang, was the principal witness, and deposed that he saw the prisoner and the deceased, who had told him she was Pop leit's wife, talking together in the farmyard. Soon afterwards he heard a loud scream, and seeing the woman lying on the ground he ran to the spot and pursued the prisoner, who was running away. The witness over took him and struok him a blow, felling him to tile ground. Haviog told Poplett to be off, as he had had enough, tile witness re turned to the woman, but, as he said, could mako nothing of her. She'said, "blond," and the witness and others who had come up opened her dress and found. blood flowisng from tie loft breast. Sire said afterwards, "Lyes, you wretch, the Iknife." In a short time she died. In reply to questions, it was elicited that this man Jones, who had travelled some time with a threshing manhino, was at Ewell about five weeks since. He there met with the prisoner and his wife, and after they had been drinking together Jones induced the woman to leave her husband and go with him. From that time the woman hod been about witll Jones, and neither of them saw the prisoner till Friday, when he wont to Thames Ditton and obtained work o9 tise farm where the woman was. Mir. - Dawson, surgeon, do posed that the wound was three inches and three-quarters in depth. Such a knife so that produced (a pig-stieker's klife) would caruso the wouod.-Sergeoat Davoy proved that he apprehended the prisoner at tire Star beerhouse at Ewell. Wisen told tire charge, the prisoner replied, "I did it, and will go quietly." Wrn at Kingston police station be said that it was a butoher's knife Ihe Used, and that it would be found near a pond near tire fairm. Tiro knrifo ahroasdy ro ferred to was afterwa'trdo fonoun at the spot indicated.-OOa tire usual caution hieing ad ministered, tire prisoner siniply said that ire should die happy and didi not sare about it. He was then committed for trial at Kingston acsizee. FRstucncc SToRu o0 A ScOT'rSost Pstn.--Thue I Paris Figaro has some wonderful oontribu tors. They boldly state as facts what can be nothing but the pure invention of their in genious brains. The frequent executions that have lately taken place in France may have had something to do with the singular experiences of M. oaeton Vassy, and turned his head. He writes that he once had a friend, a Scotchman, affected with the in evitable British malady, the splcen. It does not appear what induced this painful com plaint. Possibly the cause was his being the owner of a name that carried with it an aristocratic aroma, or that recalled gallant deeds performed by doughty ancestors. Be this as it may, Lord Shobtey conceived an intense dislike to life, and an ardent desire to end it by perishiog on the scaffold. Being an honourable man, and unwilling to put France, his adopted country, to unnecessary expense merely to gratify his own personal ambition, he nobly refrained from commit ting such a crime, or crimes, as would ensure him the polite attentions of M?onsieur do Paris, provided he escaped the hardships of extenuating circumstances. So he deter mined on having a private instrument of his own, arranged in so ingenious a manner that he could be at the same time be patient and executioner. He therefore erected in his drawing-room such a model of a guillotine as only a millionaire could offer himself. Tho two uprights were made of ebony, richly in laid with copies of the lethal blade executed in gold and silver. The fatal plank to which the victim has to be attached was of cedar woed carved in open work, and was as co quettish a bit of manufacture as a lady's fan. The knife was of embossed steel, heavily weighted at the top to make certain of its sure and speedy effect. Lord Shohtey was six months constructing this pretty toy. When it was finished he had it placed oppo site a large looking-glass, with a view to passing, as far as time permitted, his last moments in this world in congenial society. After having frequently tested the spring to see that the knife played properly in the grooves, his lordship made his will, retired to a neighbouring barber's to have his toilet made, returned home, put on a white silk shirt, placed his head on the tunette, and after a farewell glance at himself in the looking glass, pressed the spring, and-. He was found next morning quietly asleep in bed, and cured of his spleen. The spring had refused to act; and with an excusable disgust, his lordship had removed his head from its perilous position and gone to bed. He has since presented the guillotine to the museum at Glasgow, tisoughe we cannot state from our own personal knowledge that it is there. Globe. PEaoUIAht CoorTsnce.--The following is a description of a scene which goes on every Sunday morning in the foundling hospital at Palermo: -The long dor mitories were clean and orderly; but the curious and peculiar feature of this establishment was the parlatorlo, or re ception-room, the centre portion of which is divided off from the sides and further end by iron grating, which forms a cage, entered osly by a woll-barred street door, through whsich visitors from the outer world are .ad mitted. Here they sit on benches to con verse with those on the other side of the grating. Once a week, however, on Sunday mornings from ten to twelve, this place is the scene of the most novel and ludicrous court ships over described. One of the objects of this motherly establishment is to find fit and proper husbands for the girls under its oharge. The fit and proper here is much like the fit and proper of society: the one requisite being that the young man is bound to show himself in possession of sufficient means to maintain a wife in comfort before he aspires to the hand of one of those pre oious damsels. Having given in his creden tials of fitness to the guardians, he receives a card which admits him next Sunday morn ing to an inspection of the candidate for matrimony. There, sitting on a bench, if his curiosity and ardour will allow him to remain sitting, he awaits the arrival on the other side of the grating of the lady superior accompanied by a girl. She has been selected by order of seniority and capacity for household work from the hundred or more between seventeen and twenty-one waiting for a youth to deliver them from their prison. The two young people, both no doubt breathless with agita tion at the importance of the ceremony, have to take one long, fixed look at each other. No word is spoken, no sign made. These good sisters believe so fully in the language of the eye that, to their minds, any addition is futile, and might but serve to mystify the pure and perfect effect of love at first sight. The look over, the lady superior asks the man if he will accept the maiden as his bride. Should he answsr in the affirmative, the same question is put to her; and if she bows assent, the betrothal has taken place, and they part till the following Sunday. The young lover again makes his appearance be fore the tribunal of the guardians, and there the contrast is signed, the day of marriage fixed, and lie is granted leave to bring the ring, ear-ringe, and wedding-dress, and pre sent them through the gridiron, of course, to his betrothed. Everything has to pass the scrutiny of the sisters, for fear of a letter or some tender word being slipped in with the gifts. Durieg the few Sundays that ihtervens betwesn the first love scene and the marriage, ad hour's conversation within hearing of the lady superior is allowed; but not a touch is exchonged. The empty talk, interspersed with giggling, consists of in quiries as to the wedding-dress and the ocou pation and place of abode of the suitor. Should the young man refuse the first dam sel presented to him, lie is favoured with the sight of three or four more; but should he still appear difficils, he is dismissed. The girl also has the power of refusal. The marriage over, the task of the sisters is done. Here falls a veil they never lift; and whether happiness and faithfulness are the result of this heathenish rite, they never in quire: that would he an impure region, into which they could not enter writheout eullying their own purity. Our readers must before now have wondered what inducement there crat be to mnake tile youtlhse who hlave the worlid to eleose from come Ihroe in search of a wife. Two hundred ande fifty frascs is the great attraction. Tiel sum is giees in dowry with each of these girls, and for that suan, it seams, a Sicilitn iu willing to sell himsttf for life. Those girls for whom the iostitu tion fails to find husbands are allowed at twesnty-one to face temptations alone, and situaihonesare found for them. AL? LUxSeTcS TOOcETIIes.-A writer in the Galaxy is rough on Italian opera. He says : \--Italian opera is thee extremest product of moden oielisation, It is tot the highest., G3od forbid!--but the produdrtion of it,. the support, and, above all, the enjoyment of it, show that those by whom it is produced, supported, and enjoyed have reached a con dition of social eldloreeonce beyond which no people have yet bloomed or burgeoned-. perhaps beyond which there is no hope of fruit of the socially exquisite sort. It is the most arbitrary, conventional, and extrava gant form which art has taken for the plea sure of those whoso pleasures must be re fined luxuries. And this is the most refined, and yet one of the most earthly of luxuries -one which is partly sensual, partly emo tional, and not at all intellectual, and of which the height of the enjoyment is in direct proportion only to cultivated sensuous refinement and emotional susceptibility. Re garded inthe light of reason,Italian opera is monstrous and and oven ridiculous. Atbest it exists at the very periphery of rational coherence, a hair's breadth beyond which sends us whirling in fragmentary fashion into the abyss of unfathomable nonsense. A reasonable creature, taken in stark unpre paration and sat down in an opera-house while the business of a high-strung scene was going on-a tonor stabbed to death, and dying with such effusion of musical noise as would tax the capacity of an organ bellows; a lovelorn prima donna raving about the stage in the very ecstasy of melodious hys terics; a dozen or two of lookers-on, who offer the man no aid and the lady no harts horn, but who simply stand around and sing, while before them two or three score musi cians give themselves up to fiddling and tooting, and blowing, and thumping, among whom, perched high, a man beats the air with a little stick; and yet more wonderful, most wonderful of all, a vast nssemblage, dressed on purpose in their best clothes, look do'wn upon the scene with breathless inter sot, and when the noise stops--for noise it simply is, not one distinguishable word being heard by any creature present- breaks forth into such extravagant and tumultuous expressions of delight an he can never have heard before (for it is remarkable that no such outbursting and manifestly soul-relieving applause as greets the most admired passage in a favourite opera, is elicted by any other act done in earnest or performed in make-believe by any human creature on any other occasion, or in any other place whatever), the reasonable being, having this spectacle set before his unpre pared, untutored eyes--would he not say that these people, prima donna, tenor, chorus, fiddlers, audience, were mad - all lunatics together ? A GAzNs O FE?AT.I? BonnEns.-The Paris police have just captured a remarkable band of robbers. They are women who habitually passed as men, and, in blouse and trousers, sought what theycould devour. The band was well organieed, and had long pursued its career triumphantly. A certain Annette Foux alias Troppmann wias the chief, and to her boldness the society owed its origin. The six did not live together, but they dwelt within a short distance of one another, all on the route to d'Asnieres. Three are mar ried. The long immunity they have enjoyed is owing in part to their disguise, and in part to a salutary rule which forbade' them to operate in Paris itself. There is prey as rich outside the fortifications and not a tittle.so much of danger. So things went on satisfactorily with Troppwann and company until it happened to Mdlle. Poilla alias Madame Henri to fall in love. She fell very deep indeed, and the object of her young affection was Alfred Robert, a cab man, who squinted, but was in other respeots an Apollo. Like King Gygee of claseio memory Mdlle. Poill could not resist the delight of showing her treasures to envious rivals, and she presented the charming cabman to Mdlle. Solafer alias Bismarck. Soon was this confidenoe regretted. Blaok suspicions of her friend arose. One day the rival ladies concluded it was time to betake themselves to action. They drew long knives and hacked each other, whilst M. Robert loolced on like Baal. The police ran in, the ladies were arrested, and in their wrath they denounced each other and all the band. All six are committed for trial. AN UNOON50IOUt TitcNSPOSITI0o.--It is not very often (says the Weekly Times) that a man charged with wilful murder is made to laugh out whilst a judge and a jury are endeavouring to determine whether he should not be " hanged by the neck until his body be dead." However, such a thing did happen in the central criminal court on last Monday, during the trial of Joseph Husler for the alleged murder of his wife. Dr. Llewellyn, of the Melbourne Hospital, was giving evidence with regard to flusler's treatment when received at that institution, after having taken poison subsequent to the death of his wife, and the following rather curious question was put to him by Mdr. MacDonnell, counsel for the acoueed: "fHow many times did you use the pumaoh stump, doctor?" "I used the pumash stump twice," replied Dr. Llewellyn quite unconsciously, and the. whole court was ipsedily convulsed with laughter, in which the prisoner heartily joined, whilst neither the barrister nor the doctor saw the transpo sition. WINDeTcLL Powon. -There are said to be upwards of a hundred private mansions near New York city which employ windmill power for pumping water, sawing wood, grinding, threshing grain, &o.; The American Mianufacturer states that in many instances windmills .are superseding steam-engines, water-wheels, hydraulie rams, horse-power, and calorie engines, being run without cost, except for lubricating oil. These mills are not only noiseless, as now constructed, but they are also self-regulating. The Daily News recently published the following statement concerning its issue of Saturday, the 2let December:-" This issue was, so far as we know, in respect of breadth, length, and solid contents, the largest news paper without a supplement ever published. Its printed matter was nearly equal to that contained in three numbers of the Cornhill or the Gentleman's Magazine, was more than is contained in the Edinburgh Review or the Quarterly, and exceeded the propor tions of two volumes of an average novel. The pieces of metal lying within the sixty four columns were 1,014,.000 in number. Thie paper on whtich it was printed was rolled on cylinders a siegle one of which holds four and a half miles in length; each copy was delivered from the machine. printed on both sides and duly cut from the cylindrical web of paper; and the whole edition was printed on five of the Walter machines at the rate of fifty thousand copies au hour." 