INVESTING UNCLE BEN'S LEGACY, OR, MR. M'TAILING'S MINING AND MATRIMONIAL SPECULATIONS. A TALE OF THE MINING ERA. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XVII.—MORE FIERCE OBJECTORS TO MARTIN'S MARRIAGE. TWO minutes after the newsboy cried ' Paper ! at the front gate, Mr. Blough startled his wife—who was preparing for breakfast—by shouting, "Bella!" There was urgency implied in his abrupt summons, so she flew outside to see what was the matter with him. "Look at the scandalous job!" said Mr. Blough, and he handed his wife the Sydney Morning Herald with his thumb on the marriage list in the front corner. He then shuffled rapidly up and down the verandah in his slippers, rubbing his hands and rmaking his knuckles crack like blazing pine-sticks. "Is it possible!" exclaimed Mrs. Blough, as she read over a short advertisement of the marriage of her brother to Mrs. Carney. She dropped the paper and sat down on a rustic stool, a deeply slighted sister, lacking words to express her lacerated feelings. "My last dream is out now, Bella. I knew that something of a disastrous character was about to be- fal your brother. My dreams always have some meaning in them." Mr. Blough had dreamt, two nights before, that he saw Martin sink in a ship at anchor in the harbour, with all his money in his pocket. "Poor silly loon! He has allowed himself to be bewitched by that artful widow, and victim- ized. She'll skin him. I know the dame of old; and I never augured any good of your brother going to lodge with her, though I did not like to say any- thing to discourage you in your charitable doings." "O, dear me!" sighed Mrs. Blough, as soon as she was composed enough for the effort. "The ingrati- tude of the world is appalling. To serve that design- ing woman in her neediness, I recommended Martin to go and board with her, and this is the return she makes for my kind consideration. But I confess I ought to have known better than to send a simple- souled creature like him into a lioness' den. I shall never forgive myself for ruining his prospects for life, poor fellow!" "He is an idiot. That's the plainest way to ex- press it. To go and marry a great goose-headed woman, with two skulking urchins of sons, who would be a disgrace to the crew of Vernon boys. He has gone and settled himself—there is no mistake about that, poor wretch! I pity him, fool as he is, for he has a life of misery before him." "Whatever could he see in the woman to fancy, I can't think. He is an intellectual man, and she is a complete gaby. But its all her wicked manœuvring, I am certain; he would never have thought of such a thing if she had not asked him. She is an artful woman, and has wheedled him into her meshes, and now she'll impoverish him, in spite of all his near and dear relatives can do to help it. It is his money she is after—nothing else. She knows that he is rich. Can we do anything to stop the marriage going any further, Blough?" "Tut! stop a hurricane! Martin is insane on that point. There is no doubt in my mind about that fact, but we should have a difficulty to prove it, even if in- sanity would be held as a satisfactory plea in the new Divorce Court. No, we can't stop it, Bella, so we had best say as little as possible about the affair, or folks will be sure to say we are actuated by selfish motives, and we shall get laughed at. I wish him luck; that's all I have to say about it." "I certainly did hope that our dear little Martin would have been benefited by his uncle's wealth; but that hope is crushed now. His wife will take good care that none of his money goes out of her paws—trust her for that. Well, I feel quite ill with this sudden shock. I shall not be able to eat a bit all day." Mr. Blough had also encouraged hopes not only of his little son's advancement through his uncle's means, but of his own commercial rise. He had a mining partnership scheme to propose to Martin, in which he foresaw immense personal advantages to be derived from his brother-in-law's capital and credit. Now he feared the scheme would be frustrated by the influence of his wife, who had been Blough's secret enemy ever since a District Court suit between him and her late husband about a set of cart harness. His little son's prospects, too, were blighted in the bud, for Martin would probably have a family of his own to provide for—at any rate her boys would come in for heavy pickings. Mr. Blough was savage; still he deemed it prudent to keep his feelings in check for the present. There was no profitable end to be served by open hostility, and some little gleanings might possibly be gained by a smoother policy; so he stifled his wrath, and sat down to breakfast, but with a spoiled appetite. The Drench family had also scanned the front corner of the Herald before breakfast (which confirmed Judith's statement to the boys), and they expressed their sentiments more bitterly than the Bloughs had done. There was this difference, however, that the Drenchs all condemned Martin for inveigling the widow for her money, and put him down as a design- ing knave, scarcely a whit more moral than the Carl kidnappers. On the same morning the marriage of old Joe Carney's widow was the talk of all the gossips in Redfern, and various opinions were expressed con- cerning it, none of them at all complimentary to the persons concerned. A good many matrons were shocked at her indecency at getting married only eleven months after her poor husband's death; and it was a solemn hint to some reflective husbands against leaving their savings to the sole control of their wives, and thus exposing them, as widows, to the tempting trickery of fortune- hunting adventurers. Many in- quiries were made respecting Mr. M'Tailing's antece- dents, for he was very little known in that locality, and some of the reports current about him were most unfavourable to his reputation. It was the general opinion that he had married the widow for the sake of her property, and much pity was expressed for her poor boys, who were being robbed of their rights in the wickedest way possible. The event did not seem to give satisfaction in any quarter, except to a few rude boys who anticipated a lark with tin kettles on the return of the happy pair. Judith so far recovered from her fright after sun- rise that she was willing to return to Leatherkin Cot- tage. Daylight has a powerful influence in dispelling human dread of supernatural objects. Still, she refused to stop in the house unless Mrs. Green, the grocer's wife, allowed her daughter to go and keep her company. Judith had ascertained that Masters Saul and Sammy were at their uncle Drench's house, and she hoped they would stop there; but she did not know that they had carried such a damaging report of her brooming them down in defence of her own life and limbs. She went to work to clean the house from bottom to top, and, as she expressed it, to "get everything in honeymoon order by the time her master and mistress came back." But she was a good deal hindered in her duties by the calls of neighbours to know all the news, and she felt not a little honoured at being able to tell them that she knew all about what was going to happen days before it appeared in the newspapers. When Martin, from his soft nest among the moun- tains of Kurrajong, sent the advertisement of his mar- riage to the Sydney Herald he did it for the sake of gently breaking the news to his city friends, and thus sparing himself and his bride some embarrass- ment on their return to society. He had no idea that their relatives, on both sides of the family, were so rampantly opposed to the match, or that the public of Redfern had such strong feelings in the matter. It is one of the numberless sweeteners of life's cup that we do not know all that cross people say about us behind our backs. Martin was in happy ignorance of the abuse that was being heaped upon him, and there, in the rural peacefulness of that flowery region, he rambled about in sublime enjoyment, which many of my readers, I hope, can realize better than I can imagine it. It was delightful to sit under the shadow of a fern tree and hear the birds whistle among the green trees in the valleys and on the mountain slopes, and at the same time to have a lawful lady-bird by his side warbling love into both ears, or entertaining him with nice little stories of her schooldays. His Maria, though 33 years of age—perhaps more—was as lively as a young lassie; indeed, as she herself ex- pressed it, she felt as if she were back again to her seventeenth spring. Her affected juvenility, though charming to Martin, was at times attended with risk to herself, for, in skipping across a bubbling water course, in chase of a butterfly, she forgot that she had grown heavy, and plumped into the stream. But Martin pulled her out again in a minute, and there was no harm done save a wetting to her waistband, and they laughed all the way back to their lodgings. Such fun they had during that fortnight, all to them- selves, as he had never seen the like of before. Maria had no lack of ideas, of a simple class; her reading had been extremely limited, but her memory for family history and town talk was amazing. For the first week of their country life she was never at a loss for a subject to talk about, and Martin would sit and listen for hours together to her lisping details of her early home life, and of all her domestic joys and sorrows, from the summer evening when the late Joseph Carney came shyly courting her at her mother's back fence, until the mournful afternoon when he was carried out of their cottage to Haslem's Creek. Her biographical sketch of her late partner took her a whole day to deliver, and it proved the tenderness of her disposition as well as the stretch of her talking power. Martin did not enjoy such dis- closures; still, he was too polite to show his indif- ference, and his patient attention encouraged her to go on to the dismal close up. Her Joseph was—by her partial showing—a man of few words, but a silent thinker; and, had he lived, he would doubtless have taken an honoured stand among our colonial poets. She had two books of manuscript poems that were all composed by him as he sat at his work-bench making harness, and the great Mr. Parkes himself had told Joseph, when he called one day to ask for his vote, that he certainly had a degree of poetic talent. She had brought one of the books of M.S. poems in her bag, as she thought Martin might like to look at it now he had leisure. Martin could not say nay to anything that his gushing bride proposed, so the book was carried out on then next rural walk, and he sat on a rock under a gum tree and read it aloud to his admiring companion from beginning to end. The first poem was headed, "Lines on a Pigskin that was made into a Side-saddle for Lady M." The next composition was, "An Ode on the Bellows in our Church Organ." After he had finished reading the precious book, Martin remarked that there was originality in the conception of some of the subjects; and that equi- vocal praise so pleased his wife that she promised to let him see the second M.S. volume ("Sturm's Reflections done into Blank Verse") after they got home. She said "Poor Joseph considered his ren- dering of Sturm as his grand masterpiece and his life's effort; but he did not live to do more than a sixth of it; so I suppose it will never be published, unless one of the dear boys should take it up, by-and-by, out of respect for his poor father's memory." Martin made one or two delicate endeavours, in the course of their honeymoon rusticating, to draw his wife's mind out from its cribbed compass into the expansive world of nature, but he was not at all suc- cessful in his efforts. Botany she playfully called "stuff and nonsense," and his preliminary remarks on the wonders of entomological science made her shudder. She could not bear insects about her, she said, and she rompishly pulled his beard to stop him from getting too serious. He smiled pleasantly at her little whimsicalities, though he felt sorry that she did not show a greater desire for useful know- ledge. However, he did not despair of doing her good by slow degrees. He believed that she had capacity of mind, which only wanted to be judiciously switched on to the gentle incline to wisdom's heights, and by-and- by he would convince her that an intel- ligent examination into some of the millions of won- derful things in the book of nature, or in the books of wise men, would furnish infinitely more delight and instruction than a constant feeding on the emascu- lating pabulum of domestic chit-chat and gossip's gabble. But there is a limit to all sublunary joys; and as their honeymoon tour drew towards its close they began to be rather more prosy in their conversation and a trifle less frisky in their manner. Martin minutely expounded his ways and means, and furthermore told her of his design to pay off all his old debts in Melbourne out of his first year's income. Maria thought that his creditors ought to think them- selves lucky if they got half their debts paid to them. Martin replied that he supposed they would think themselves lucky if they got anything at all, for the law would not allow them to claim it from him, rich as he was, but he had a strong desire to pay every farthing he owed in the world. He could do that, and still have a handsome sum to spend. He then talked about taking a nice house at Burwood, and keeping a trap to drive about in. Maria objected to the common phrase "trap," and suggested that "britzka" sounded much nicer. He quite agreed with her. But she had a strong reluctance to leave the cottage at Redfern, on account of old, endearing associations, so he promised to build another story to the cottage and a wing at the western end of the library, and a stable and coach-house at the bottom of the garden. She thought that would be delightful. When all that, and sundry minor domestic matters had been discussed, and arranged to their mutual satisfaction, he further disclosed to her his plans for the future useful employment of his time and talent. He purposed taking an active part in some of the latest philanthropic movements in the city, including the current educational agitation. He considered it a reproach and a shame on the respectable com- munity, that so many poor boys and girls should be running wild about the streets, totally uneducated, and growing up in the knowledge of all kinds of mis- chief, while conflicting denominations were arguing over the merits of their respective systems of school management, and the strength of their claims on the public funds. But what pleased Maria more than all was Martin's promise to devote a certain portion of his time every day to the "coaching" of her two dear boys for their matriculation at the University. She said that was very very kind of him. Martin will never forget that gorgeous sunset, on the last evening he spent at Kurrajong: nor the touching pathos with which his Maria sung that plaintive song, "Farewell to the mountain, and the sun-lighted vale," as they strolled pensively back to their lodging-house, after their last, loving, rural ramble. The next day they started for Sydney. CHAPTER XVIII.—RATHER SENSATIONAL. When the bride and bridegroom returned to their home by the evening train, they found that Judith had made various pleasing preparations for their re- ception. In some of the more tasteful household arrangements she had been assisted by Mrs. Drench and her daughters. This will perhaps be wondered at by the pure-minded reader, after the decided hostility which that entire family manifested when they first heard of the wedding. But such startling anomalies are not rare in social life. It is not at all un- common for some members of a family to practice deceit and hypocrisy to other members of it, to show a smiling face and to speak loving words, while their hearts are full of envy and all uncharitableness. The helpful demonstrations of the Drenches was a part of their subtle policy; and the boys being at home, dressed in their best clothes, to welcome their mother and their new stepfather, was another deceitful phrase of the mischievous programme which had been de- vised by the united arts of that lively family. When Mr. Drench was venting the pressure of his wrath on first hearing the news from the boys, he had hinted, as a summing up, that "there were other ways of cooking a goose than currying it." His words had a sinister reference to sly revenge upon Martin. Incited by the sly remark of the head of the household, Mrs. Drench and her daughters, and her two nephews, had all put their heads together, and, amidst much uproarious laughing and giggling at the fun of the thing, they concocted a nice little sensa- tional pantomime for the enlivenment of the bridal pair on their return home; had some special dry hits for Martin, by way of playfully serving him out for his impudence in sneaking into the respectable family circle. But to prevent suspicion from lodging upon any of them, they agreed, one and all, to be very soft and civil to him, and to conceal their disgust at his mercenary doings. The boys gleefully entered into the spirit of the lark; but no amount of coaxing, nor any pleas of expediency could induce them to agree to call him father. "Not a bit of it," was their dogged reply. "He is not our father, and we will never own him." Mrs. M'Tailing was delighted to see her sons again, and she gave them some hearty maternal hugs, and shed a few natural tears over them. Martin also shook hands with them warmly, and said, "I am glad to see you again, my dear boys." He also gave them each a parcel of handsome books, which he had bought at Paramatta. His presents made them look glad; and Martin, in the kindness of his heart, whispered to his Maria, that they really were fine boys, and he felt proud of them. They all sat down to the table looking quite happy. After tea was over, and while the boys were examining the books, and Martin was descanting on the merits of the authors of them, Maria went into the kitchen to have a little confidential chat with Judith on domestic affairs in in general. She was not only surprised but quite shocked when the girl told her, as soon as she went out, that she wished to go away that night for good. "Why Judith, you have quite upset me," said her mistress, in a tone of soft remonstrance. "Just when I come home, and expect everything to go on smoothly and comfortably, to find you so dissatisfied is more than I expected. Whatever is the reason you want to leave me so suddenly." "I dursn't stop another night in the house, ma'm," replied Judith, beginning to cry. "I can't stop, indeed, ma'm." "Why not stop? Explain what you mean directly. What are you crying for?" "Well, ma'm, I nave seen a ghost in the house." "A ghost! Nonsense, you silly girl! Don't tell me such stuff. I have no patience with you." "It's as true as I'm alive, ma'm. I saw it three nights running, at my bedroom window; and it made a horrid noise." "Phoo! It was a cat, I dare say. What was it like at all?" "It was like an old man, ma'm, with a face as white as that wall, and a voice like a horse. O, dear me! I wouldn't sleep in that room again by myself not for a hundred thousand guineas, ma'm." It would be tiresome to report the excited colliloquy of the terrified maid and her mistress, that lasted for an hour or more. Judith was firm in her statement about the ghost, despite her mistress' expressed belief that it was all rubbish. She declared that she would rather be killed on the spot than go into her bedroom again at night, so if was eventually agreed that she should sleep on the drawing-room sofa for a night or two, until some other arrangement could be made. I may mention that she did not say a word to her mistress about the misdoings of Saul and Sammy. Her consci- cence had softly told her that she had hit the boys too hard with the broomstick, for she had shed blood; and she had misgivings that she laid herself open to the penalties of the law for so doing; so she resolved to say nothing about the misbehaviour of the boys unless they impeached her, and then she would make out her own case as strongly as possible. Mrs. M'Tailing did not wish to disturb her hus- band's mind with domestic ruffles on the first night of his home life, so she did not tell him anything about Judith's silly whims and fancies. After a light a light supper they all retired to rest. Sometime after midnight Maria was aroused from her slumbers by a dismal noise, which seemed to come from the chimney corner. She listened with fear and trembling, and presently heard her name, Maria, distinctly pronounced, in a hollow, sepulchral tone, and then three deep groans. Thrice her name was called, and thrice the groans were repeated. It was quite natural that she should feel terrified, but her presence of mind did not wholly forsake her, for she did not shriek out nor make any effort to arouse Martin, who was sleeping soundly. An awful con- viction rushed into her mind that it was the voice of her late husband, and she thought it was best not to let Martin know anything of the mysterious visita- tions, if she could possibly help it, for there was no knowing what effect it might have on his nervous nature. She lay quite awake all through the night, but she heard nothing more worth noting. Soon after break- fast she walked over to Cousin Drench's house, for she felt that she must unburden her mind to some one. There was no one at home but Mrs. Drench, who was glad to see her—or she said she was; and she sat and listened very attentively while Maria told all about the startling occurrence overnight, and also Judith's report of the strange figure she had thrice seen at her bedroom window. Mrs. Drench seemed to be aw- fully affected by the disclosure, and required much pressing from Maria to induce her to express an opinion on the mysterious affair. At length she said, that she believed it was the ghost of poor, dear Joseph, which was disquieted on account of his widow prematurely taking to herself another hus- band, and without acquainting her sons of her design. "Gracious! Do you really think so, dear?" said Maria. "Yes, I do, indeed; for I have heard of ghostly interference in such affairs before. It is my belief that you will have no peace in that house for a month to come; for it is only just eleven months since poor Joseph was buried. You ought to have waited for a year and a day before you married again, Maria; and then it would have been all right; and perhaps nobody would have grumbled at you." "Bless me! I didn't know that that was the law, Rachel." "It is the custom, my dear, in decent society. You ask for my opinion, you know, so I give it you plainly. If I were you, I would wait for two nights more and see if the ghostly visit is repeated; if it is, then I think you had better let your cottage for a month or two, just as it stands, and take a house out of town, ready furnished." "Why could I not take my own furniture with me, Rachel?" "By no means take a stick out of the house, my dear. The ghost will be sure to follow it. I know a little about the ways of such things, through studying Mrs. Crowe's book." * * * * * That night, just as the clock in the hall struck 12, Maria heard what sounded to her like a short giggling laugh; but it was immediately succeeded by similar horrible groans that she had heard before, and again her name was thrice called. Martin was not so soundly asleep as he had been on the previous night, and the strange sounds awoke him. On inquiring of his terrified wife what was the matter, she told him what she had previously heard, and what Judith had seen; and also told him what Mrs. Drench's opinion was of the mysterious occurrences. Maria was surprised to find that Martin was not over- much startled by her disclosure. She knew that he was a nervous man, for she had seen him blush and tremble before three or four innocent girls; nay, he had even trembled in her presence, before they were closely acquainted, and she had an idea that anything of a ghostly nature would send him out of his wits. But Martin had ten times more real courage than many bombastic fellows have, who could impu- dently stare a room full of modest girls out of counten- ance. He was not a total disbeliever in ghosts, but his reflections had convinced him that the majority of cases on record of supernatural visitations were either mere delusions or else the mischievous pranks of practical jokers. He struck a light and partly dressed himself; while doing so, he noticed a strong fume of tobacco in the room, and he asked, "Do either of your boys smoke, Maria?" "No, no, dear. Not at all. But—but—poor Joseph used to smoke." Martin felt assured that it was not poor Joseph who was smoking then, and he began to trace the source of the fumes. After a while he .discovered one end of a tin speaking tube, about eighteen inches up the chimney flue. He knew there was another end to the tube, and he felt convinced that he would find it somewhere in the boys' room above. To allay his wife's ghostly fears, he told her what he suspected; but lest he should create a noisy scene in the house, he deferred his further search for the present. Maria was much relieved to find that it must not be a ghost after all, but she argued that the boys would never be guilty of the wicked joke of frightening their mother, and she believed it was that horrid Captain Chaff next door, who had poked his speaking trumpet down the chimney. The result of Martin's investigation next day was the finding of the mouthpiece of the tube, ingenu- ously concealed behind a picture, which was hanging up in the boys' room; and on a further search, in a lumber closet in another attic, he found a box con- taining a variety of curious articles, which were intended to produce sensational effects, including a hideous white mask, which Judith recognised as part of the goblin which had appeared at the window. He also found a large pipe bowl newly primed with tobacco and brimstone. In the face of so many evidences of the tricky dis- position of her sons, Maria could not uphold their innocence, though her motherly confidence in them was not wholly withdrawn. She expressed her amazement at their wilful misdoings. She would not have believed that they could have been so wicked if anybody had told her, for up to that period they had been very good boys, and she could not imagine what had so suddenly possessed them. When Martin re- marked that they deserved to be severely punished for their impish pranks, she acquiesced, and said that they should not have a bit of pudding for a fortnight. When he suggested a good beating with his walking stick, as soon as they came home from school, she looked hurt, and said appealingly, that their own poor dear father had never laid so much as a finger on them in all his life, and she was certainly sure the boys would not like to be beaten with a stick by a new stepfather. She added, "I have no doubt in my mind that they merely intended a lark with their box of ghostly trumpery and the nasty pipe; but if they had con- sidered over the mischief they might have done in frightening us all out of our lives, they would not have done it, I am sure, for they are very feeling boys. I will talk to them seriously after dinner, my dear, and I hope and trust we shall never again have cause to complain of their misbehaviour. I never knew them to be so rompish before, indeed they have always been remarkably tractable well behaved boys. After tea that evening Martin called Saul and Sammy into his back room, and read to them an ad- dress, which he had spent the whole afternoon in composing and carefully writing out. It set forth, in language adapted to their capacity, the whole duty of children to their parents and to their lawful and ap- pointed guardians. It touched, as delicately as possible, on the recent delinquency of his stepsons, and in portentous terms it spoke of the penalties which would follow any future exhibition of a tricky or insubordinate spirit, while, they were under that roof. It defined their new relationship, and then mutual, moral, and social obligations and responsi- bilities—in short, it was as good as a sermon. The concluding. paragraph was a fatherly appeal to their feelings—affectionate but very firm; whilst writing it Martin had dropped a tear or two on his pad, for it was very touching. He trusted it would do the boys good. He delivered the address to them in a serious manner, and was pleased to observe that they looked solemnly affected by it. He shook hands with them after it was over, and they went up to their bedroom in silent order. The address, affectionate as it was, had really no more beneficial effect on the young Carneys than a lecture by Dr. Badham on Greek classics would have on the Glebe omnibus cads. When they got to the attic they went through a variety of heathenish antics, all meant to express contempt and warlike opposition. But Martin could not see them, and he retired to rest as complacently as a good parson after preaching a charity sermon. MUSIC AND THE JEWS.—Despite the practical philoso- phy underlying the nature of the Jews, they have always demonstrated a keen appreciation of the influence of music. "As the condition of the Jews improved, and the bul- warks of intolerance were overthrown by the advancing tide of civilization, their musical nature burst upon the world, and we have only to mention such names as those of Meyerbeer, Mendelssohn, Halevy, and in later times Offen- bach [Sullivan?], and such artists as Braham, Adelina Patti, Stockhausen, Pauline Lucca, and others in proof of our assertion. The Jew has always exhibited a peculiar mixture of grave philosophy and overflowing joyousness; and the latter has so influenced the former, as to distin- guish him in every intellectual where. Modern Israelites are great lovers and patrons of music, and at the operas and concerts they are the keenest critics. Their taste for music has not been cultivated, it is innate with them; but, unfortunately, the persecutions to which they were subject did not allow them to encourage their musical proclivities. To-day they are indeed musical, and one has but to visit the schools in which the poorest Jewish children are taught, to note the excellence with which they render many of the best compositions." A certain minstrel manager advertises in one of the sport- ing papers for a tenor singer "whose vocal abilities are first-class, and who knows how to work up a laugh when the end man is getting off a joke." 