Foobth Day. The Chairman gave out a hymn, the Seoretary read a portion of Scripture, and' the Eev. C. Tresise engaged in prayer. The Pastors' reports of the spiritual state of their Circuits were, read, and the meeting went into Committee to receive them. A lengthy and Interesting discussion, followed, in which Revs. J. Hancock, O. Lake, J. Thome, J. Bock, J. Stoyel, E. Kelly, 0. Tresise, T. McNeil, W. H. Hosking, and Messrs, W. Eadford, and J. Symons took part. The following resolution was then adopted: —"That inreviewing thespiritnal state of the district we fell there. iB reason for humility before God. Whilst there is a delightful unity, among the ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies,' sweet seasons of blessings have been realised by us in. the preach ing of the Word,' many sinners' have'been con verted, sixty-four persons have been added to the number of our Society, yet we feel we have not reached the point "we desire. We had hoped for larger accessions to the Church, and there are complaints in some directions of the neglect of the Lord's Supper and other social means of graoe, and consequent barrenness of sonl, so that we feel earnestly to pray for a baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the power sent down from heaven, and from our hearts still cry we, O Lord, revive thy work.'" This subject occupied the whole of the morning. Mr. J. Osborne, who has labored successfully during the past year, was received as a candidate for the minis try. A communication was received from the Primitive Methodist Distriot Meeting concern ing the gale of Orafera Chapel, and a reply was sent. A Committee,- consisting of the Revs. J. Hancock, J. Trewin, 0. Tresise, and J, Thorne, Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symons, was appointed to draw-up a.aoheme for the. education of eli gible youDg men for the ministry, and to report on the subjeot on Monday morhing. Futh Day. On the motion of Rev. J, Rock the following reiolution of sympathy with Rev. T. Allen, whose present state of health necessitates at least a year's rest, was recorded—" That we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Bro. Thomas Allen's health has so seriously failed that immediate and entire rest from ministerial labor is necessary. We assure our dear brother of our deep and . warm sympathy with him in his severe affliction, and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means used for his restoration to health he ix ay soon be perfectly restored, and resume his wark amongst us." After many expressions of regret at the affliction of Mr. Allen it was unanimously -decided that he have a year's rest with a view to the recovery of his health, Kapuhda Circuit asked that an extra minister be appointed, salary guaranteed. One to be sent if possible. The Northern Areas asked for • at least one more. Another to be sent if pos sible. \- On Sunday sermons were preached in the Young-street Church to large and attentive congregations—in the morning and evening by J the Eev. "W. H. Hosken, a deputation from Victoria. He took for his text in the morniDg I. John ii., 5, 6, 7; "and at night Psalm cxxvi., 5,. 6,. The sermons were clear expositions of divine truth, and were rich'in thought, apt in illustration, and eloquently delivered.' In the afternoon the Eev. J. Eaymont delivered from I. Timothy ii,, 11, a deeply interesting and an appropriate sermon. 