ST. LEONARDS. (From a Correspondent.) A TELEGRAPH -OFFICE, in connection with a Government Savings Bauk, post, and money order office, has just been opened in this snbnrb. The Government has leased a central building at the intersection of Mount and Miller streets, where the business is to be car ried on, and appointed a new postmaster, a Mr. Owen. Why the appointment was not given to the old postmaster who managed the post-office and money order office to the entire satisfaction of the residents of the North Shore, neither he that Mr. Byrne had charge of the post-office be discharged the duties most satisfactory. No more civil and obliging official than he could be fonnd ; yet his faithful servioes — services very inadequately remunerated — are ignored. A strauger gets the post now when the office is made a sub-office with a respectable salary attached to it. If this be the way the Govern ment treats its old and faithful servants, what incentive is there to please or be efficient ? 'A small unkindnesa is a great offence,' whether committed by Governments or indi viduals. If Mr. Byrne wa3 set aside to make a ? * billet' for a protege of an eminent lady, as is said he is, the offence is greater. Mr. Byrne's is a hard case. He was deprived of a situation without any fault of his, and without having been told the why or wherefore, a proceeding smacking more of autocracy than of Responsible Government. We are shortly to have increased polioe pro tection, not before it is needed. Two additional constables are to be stationed here, one at Blue's Point the other at North Sydney. The epidemic, which has been bo fatal to juvenile life in the city, has been raging here for the last three weeks, Aa yeb there haye been no deaths, thank God, and many little sufferers, owing to the salubrity of the Shore, are restored to their wonted health. Those inonbi on traffic- communication, the toll-bars of thedistriot.are to be soon abolished, rumour says. The news is hailed with an universal Deo graiias. If our representative do this and get the Government to resume the trust of the Lane Cove-road (and he has promised both), he will have a strong claim upon our gratitude, and neither Mr. Holter mann nor any other man will have the ghost of a chance against him at the next election. Nature has done mnoh for the North Shore ; Governments very little. Will Mr. Farnell s Government make up for the neglect of pre vious Governments, and oarry out some of the publio works required in the district, suoh as a bridge across the spirit, and many others.? But it might be amongst the things that were ere this sees the light in your columns. 