THURSDAY, 22ND APRIL, 1875. When Coleridge said that experience is like the stem lights of a ship, which only illuminate the track they have pased, he, certainly, did not put the truth too strongly. Nothing, in fact, is more'.wonderful than the small profit which ‘ communities derive > from experience;- and the way in winch- they go ...on repeating, errors that have been exposed a hundred times over. ;We suppose that the reason. ia, that a community has no corporate mind to think, op body corporate to suffer. The- experience of others is, .proverbially, of little value, even to the individual, and, as a rule, such] experience' is worthless to a community. History is, no doubt, philosophy teaching by example," but the difficulty is ..to make.the majority know the history of anything accurately, and to lead 1 them to profit by what they know. There ,js a constant endeavor to do things that cannot be done, and to get at right ends by wrong-means. The utterly futile legislation of the world must be something enormous in quantity, a tid '.iz a most : instructive monument of the ■ little wMJpm with which the world is governed. If we iaojiJd bring together all the, laws that have been passed to make people'good by law and passed in. vain, we should astonish those who/ in these days, demand: a repetition of the legislation" which has failed. ■ Sumptuary laws, and taxes imposed to] “get at” .parti cular classes, not to bs got at -; in ] any sneh way, all bear ’ testimony to the want of profit from experience, for precisely similar things are advocated at the present, and even in this colony.. Pitt W 53 Jed astray as to the: value of a sinking-fund to payoff a load.by a financial doctor, and the doctor’s errors have been - exposed ’ and denounced '.hundreds of times. Yet,'we have here actiially such a fund ■fOTeM npoh oOTmuriicJpaJ .councils by law, as the result of the deliberations of a body ap pointed to. make enquiries iato the heat way pf amending the acts having reference to local government; A glance into 4w6uld- ;; Kave been sufficient <|j| convince the enquirers that ; a sinking-fund cosfijf r of paying-off N it is .much-cheaper to lessen tfiS 1 loan with the money in hand, than to invest -the mpney- for- a-period - o£-time pay'the sum borrowed. Precisely, the same, thing occurs in regard to taxation,' arid the old; remedy is W' dbmmu'nity,. The. so-called practical statesmen are those who try the wildest experiments, or resort to any ex pedient to keep things going. The very method of our government brings this state of things about, because there is a sort of reward for results, without much careias'to how the results are brought about. The Duffy Min istry, for example, clapped on a whole host of utterly bad and oppressive taxes, which brought. muclTless to theVevenue' than was paid by the people, but which, nevertheless, did raise, for a time, a very considerable revenue. Ever since,-the Treasure^.of that,.day has felt quite proM tif what he did, ahd ! boasts'of the 'huge revenue.whiph,-he left to. A gleam of success made * liis whole shy blue, and led not, only the investor of our fiscal system but many others •’ astray. At least it made them pretend that they were led astray , when7as u a’'matter of fact, :i they‘were not. Mr could mdrteSist bdalt ing about’’ the Targe revenue’ ■he T 'Covfld' t; sbdw, but he never said a word- about the oppressive taxes by which it was raised, though he has left on record (the. fdctithat he believed a large numbpr p£. the, duties imposed to be .most! un-, wise and : itdT.the.iitrade: ot‘ tHe| colony. It. is curious, too, that even a number of newspapers' shared in the joy of ,tMe*Francis,:! but;:never r r thought it-part of,their .duty., to ..point ~out,that .therCj was nothing wonderful-in a large revehueifrom heavy.taxation,r.'at'..leastv.for; a-time.i iWfi: do not suppose that even recent experience of the fallacies on which tlie'~fihancial triumph was baaed, will in, the least future-.actionjorj will no doubt be f observable again. In the [United States there' are numerous examples of the little effect that experience has upon public affairs,^yen r where r there r .are .numerous exam ples, and’*whefethb''people"a'fb' ; able‘to i ®fectly [control legislation.; The San Francisco Bulletin states that there is : State in which there is j^fec^ve. r4 taz j.uppn. jpersonal pro perty, arid reckons the'difierehce between the ;actuid ; ’and ,: tequired -'taxation 1 'at 1 'dollar ! 50 ! centsupon-eVhry loodollafs ,, wofth I bf petsthial-' ■ property. The Bulletin, says, “ready money, [stocks, and all kinds of personal property have ••a - i fabnlfy : :' i ol XA vamshing"- :> that is phenomenal,, . i;: This nqmplaint isaiot ppnfined to one locality. It is.about as broad and as long as the country.” In spite of all this, which is but similar" experience to what was had 49: %S&te;’scents to profit by what has been ascertained, and there is[not[the’least’hbpe of system’ ojffcbllecting - '"Even 'thC’hx pense of collecting' is ah obstacle :: oftln’ia the way of repeal. When there are a large num ber of persons interested in Jthe maintenance of a particular th'x'they form 1 body opposed tOiia.'change,viand are; ablerto influence a number of other persons-who; are, in placid ignorance of the effects of what they do. The history of vested interests in Great Britain and other European, countries should be singularly instructive; should, in fact, be- a solemn warmngagains.t thp.creation,nnder any circum stances, of specially favored classes, no matter what the .pretence may-be-. This is the teaching of long experience, and yet it, is. disregarded upon the most flimsy"'"prefencesj and things are done in a time of excitement and unreason[ which may embarrass a young country for: years, and leave it fast in the grasp of evils from which older countries only shook them-; -selves"free by something like a- revolution.; Now that a revision of taxation is proposeci in : 'this cdlony, all the''ghosts* laid ‘long ago else where of.’idle. attempts tor.“-get:at’kparticular; interests -and classes'' arise and '• gibber im the streets,-‘and the most astonishing-schemes are; gravely of discoveries.; If the Treasurer is able to profit by experience,; and we have'feasofi to : believe; that hels,;he will; avoid “ fancy” taxes of fall "kinds,-np -xnatter how specious niay be ithe reasons put, forward to support.them., ■ Thefe‘.^.;csdnehcydoctors,: tariff doctors,. and taxation- doctors, every bit as 1 ignorant' as the ’old” women,.; whb •’.■gravely tell their patients that children are always born about the’ full of the'moon, 1 |indare hot to be disproved by the production of- the newspaper notices, This independence of i: fa'cts—this'* utter Ifionr 'tdmpt"'fdF othefs’ experience—runs through public as well-fas privater matters;;:and; affects the’ body politic as well as' the 'body Human; ; and -those -who’ are" most; ignorant ;are -always the most assured. Let us hope, then, thaftbe Ministiy.' -will,- learn ,from (T tha, experience of others, and'refuse' Ho'Tistetf to I thdhbst of ad visers who- are- ; sure,to comejtpthe front when a change of taxation is discussed, with all sorts of idle schemes to ’do J something not to be ; done, r id "lofty ; scorn :of alLrtbat ihasrbeeh learned by years _of_ experiment and bad government,--, ■;, Y - iVi 