EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN T#E BUSH. [Signs of the Times—the two Presbyterian Lectures in John Enox Church—Comfort for Catholics—A Presbyterian Clergyman informs the World that the Pope ie no longer Antiohrist—Mr. Trover's TSbeory continued—Pope Clement and the Apostle St. John.] WITHIN the last ten days, and very apropos of my evening and morning dialogues in the bush, two Protestant Presbyterian, or, two Presfeyteriai Protestant, ministers have publicly lectured, in a Presbyterian church in Melbourne, on the Pope and Papa1 Supremacy. And these two reverend gentlemen's lectures are, in their own small way, a hopeful sign of the times, as affording us further confirmation strong of that ubiquitous interest which the Papacy possesses for all the multiform sects, or religions clans, who cluster all round outside the Catholic Church, as the Amorites, and Moabites, and Amalekites, and all the eager, wondering, alarmed, and hostile desert tribes of old pressed round the camp of the true Israel of God, unable to understand the movements of the chosen people inside, and equally unable to take off their uneasy, angry, and anxious eyes from the outspread tent®, or the disciplined march of the chosen Hebrew people. It is the same all the world over. Everywhere—everywhere within the wide cirole of what is still dubiously called " Christendom" this question of the Papal Supremacy forces itself on the willing or unwilling hearts and minds of millions, as if it were the most urgent and momentous of all questions. Most of all is the Papal Supremacy in the thoughts of those nations -who so long affected to ignore' its existence, or who repudiate its influence. What is this Pope who intrudes his claims on all ? Was he not overthrown and put to death 300 years ago ? Has he come to life again, or was he really dead ? Must we kill him over again, or is it only his ghost that troubles us? What is the meaning of him—or where did he come from—and who sent him and why is he here—how has he existed so long, and how much longer does he intend to exist, in spite of "reformation," and " science," and " free thought," and modern civilisation,"—will he never go away out of the world, and leave it to work out its own salvation in its own way by the " atomic theory," and by geological hammers, and by beliefs which renounce dogma, and by a Christianity that rejects creeds, and by a worship that denies a God ? Thus speak the sects and the sub-sects. All who lost the right idea of the Pope 300 years ago seem striving to recall it, and analyse it, and to discover whether the loss has been a real gain to them or not, or whether the gain has been anything but an increase of darkness and doubt, and bewildering speculation, and political atheism, and more "blood and steel" than ever they had before, and a new reign of terror, more ominous and menacing than that of the guillotine—a reign of universal terror, inspired by the new system of armed national brigandage, on a scale so enormous that it disturbs all Europe, and leaves no longer any law but the law of brute force and bayonets, with the dread prospect of coming carnage, and the burning of cities, and the desolation of happy homes, and human misery in all its bitterest diversities and sorest aggravations. Some German States thrust the Pope out 300 years ago, in order to secure peace to themselves. Have they peace and plenty, as they promised themselves? The peace of these German States now is almost as costly to them as war. They thrust out the Pope, and what have hey got in his place? He has returned pon them—he contends with them for the souls they would fain destroy—he warns them of judgment to come—he annuls heir impious laws in the court of conscience—he wields over them the self-same uthority which he wielded before their revolt against heaven and' him—he wearies them, out by his persistent assertion of the truth which they deny. They heavily, or ruinously, fine and imprison and banish priests and bishops, but the Pope and his persecuted sons remain, invincible,. They are doing their worst, and the Pope sur ives their worst.. He is their stumbling-, lock as much as ever. He.is a stumbling-block the world can never remove out of its way,; and, jthe more uthe world' rages, the more does it find out how indestructible js the vitality of the Popedom., It is. quite laughable to. hear the world explaining .to itself, mostly .through, its prating newspapers, the causes of Its own failures in its. contest with ,the .Pope. It was this, or.it was that, or it was the other ;but never the power of God. No, no. 'The world does not want to hear that there, is any-God. It would have all its newspapers exclaim that there is no God,or if by accident there be, he is certainly not on the side of the Pope. No, no; it is not God Who upholds the Pope: It is the Jesuits, of whom there are only some four or five hundred on the face of the earth. But, then, the Pope himself once dissolved and extinguished the Jesuits, and how did the Pope do then ? Then (it -was the Nuns who sustained the papal prestige,or it was the tolerant prin' i ciples of Protestantism (!) which hoped the Pope would mend his evil way and perhaps turn Protestant, if permitted to survive; then' it was the hopeless ignorance of the popish populations; then: it was more than the satanic wisdom and subtlety of the Pope himself, to-day it was this king, and tomorrow it was that army, or some mob, Or the " converts," or the intrigues of three or four dethroned queens,' or some clever rascal of a Cardinal, who propped -up the Pope aga inst- all "the advancing intelligence of the age," so'that, failing always, he never falls, and dying so often an'd'so long, he never dies. But the Almighty hand of God, or the Omnipotent promise of Christ, has nothing at all to do with the Pope's mysterious longevity. No, no. This was plainly the opinion of one of the reverend Presbyterian gentlemen who lectured the other evening in the Presbyterian Church about the Pope and his abominations; and, accordingly, he conscientiously confined himself to a dull jog-trot through all the dreary old platitudes about the " Man of Sia," and the threadbare nonsense usual with the Solemn -League and Covenant when it whines about " Popery." But his reverend Presbyterian brother came out with a'profession of faith respecting the Holy Father, so novel and so unexpected, and so bold, that must have slightly electrified a Presbyterian audience assembled, as his was, in a Presbyterian church, sacred to the name and memory of the Bev. John Knox, who, some300 years ago, was "Rood Priest" at the altar of St. Nicolas, in the village of Somuelton, and " Pope's KnigM," and "Apostolic Notary!" Frankly, the second reve/rend lecturer assured his hearers that he didn't believe one bit about the Pope being anti-Christ, nor about the Roman Church being the Scarlet—witch. Not he. He despised such antiquated twaddle, and, in a glow of eloquent amiability, he declared the Church of Rome to be a -very good church as churches went at present, and" should be welcomed to a seat among all the other churches, who seemed to him to stand just now in much need of her cooperation and assistance in these days of blasphemy and rebuke. But after having thus frightened his Presbyterian friends by knocking down one of their dearest dogmas and delusions, with a canny and quickwitted prudence, he hastened to sooth their wounded orthodox feelings, by declaring that nevertheless and notwithstanding his rectified and private personal better udgment anent the exploded vagary of he Pope being anti-Christ, yet the Papal upremacy, as he was happy to inform hem, had originated " in episcopal rrogance on one' side, and in clerical ycophancy on the other." It is to be oped that some good Catholic will say a aler and an Ave for the further emancipaion of this brave Presbyterian minister rom the thraldom of a gloomy educational uperstition. His Scottish Protestant heory of the Papal Supremacy, however, as almost identical with the Anglican rotestant theory" of our learned friend, r. Trover, of Sydney, who fancied, as we ave seen, that the Epistle of Pope Clement . to' the bishop a'nd church at Corinth, ritten in x.t>. 98, sustained his theory. He onsidered the' tone ' and language of Clement magisterial and dictatorial, and that in writing it Clement had astutely snatched an opportunity to play off his airs of assumed superiority over his provincial episcopal brother at Corinth. Mr. Trover held that Clement's epistle to the bishop of Corinth disclosed a latent ambitious design and scheme for subjecting all churches or dioceses to the imperial and metropolitic diocese and bishop of Rome. Against the correctness of thwview, I brought forward the self-denying life of Clement, his having sacrificed high rank and senatorial honours and great wealth, and the Emperor's favour, and pro-consular distinction, for the love of Christ, and given his goods to feed the poor of Christ's flock. Mr. Trover contended that Clement might do all this, and be meek, and 1 humble, -and fervent in devotion to his Lord and Master, and at the same time be actuated-by a soaring and •• insatiable desire to make his diocese the central, ruling, judicial seat of ecclesiastieal authority for the whole Christian commonwealth, and that this was a very natural desire on Clement's part as pastor of the first city in the world. Inext required Mr. Trover to explain why the bishop of Corinth did-not rather appeal to the Apostle St. John, who was then living at EpheBus, which stood' to Corinth as Launeeston stands to Melbourne, instead of applying to : Pope Clement at Rome; which geographically' was as far from Corinth aB Sydney fro til Port Philip. If the bishop of Corinth sought thendvice and decision of an'influential arbitrator, why did he not'ask thB interposition of St: John 1 against th6 seditious-faction at Corinth ? Ephesus WaS/ not' only much nearer to 1 Corinth, but all ; Christians would ' dgree' that St. John was 'the more venerable and competent' juidge, 'as he/ had learned the science of church : government f;om the Divine Headof thd Church;- Ephesus iriust urely hiive beeh'tlie higher Court, unless some'speciSI and all-aufficientreaSOn ezisted for consulting Home. To this MrL Trover replied, " that It wbA altogether optional with any .bishop' in pttfe 1 aSgea Of the Church to caU'U.'the^ii&iftecis; or seek the counsel "of any : other ; bishop 'when circ u m- EUncMpromp^a.ln'tb'djaase'Of^rinth.and that there' ',ii^bt' 3iaye seen'a mail-boat or cUppOT galley-bailing for Italy sootier than' ; "there- 1 £dght be' some confix dential person going to Rome whom the Bishop of Corinth oould trust with so itaporhant a communication,—or Clement might have beeil an old and valued friend of the Bishop of Corinth, and the latter might nbt even have been personally acquainted with the Apostle John,—or as John was so far advanced in years, the Bishop of Corinth-might not care to harass bids with eo unpleasant a business, or the Bishop of Corinth might have supposed that the opinion and advice of the metro, politan See of Imperial Rome would have more' weight with unruly members of the Corinthian Church." "But," I objected "do you seriously believe and say that Clement's authority as Bishop of Rome, at a period when, as you allege, all bishops were equal and equally independent of one another iti their own dioceses, would have more weight with the disturbers of tie Church's peace'at Corinth than one who enjoyed the unspeakably exalted privilege of being the 'beloved disciple' of Christ, and whose writings were held in the most profound veneration, especially in Greece and Asia Minor, and who leaned on the Lord's breast at the Last Supper, and who with a heavenly heroism, stood at the foot of the Cross when the sacred heart of the Saviour was pierced, and to whose care the dying Redeemer . committed his virgin mother—do you mean to assert that an inspired Evangelist,' gifted in supreme, measure with every. Christian grace, illumined beyond all the evangelist®,' and favoured with .celestial visions, the illustrious type of all theologians to the Church for ever, and whose experience and paternal affection none could deny, would you persuade me that the name, and the virtues, and the. apostolic authority and sentence of so incomparable a referee would be-lesB effectual with any Christian congregation anywhere than those of Clement, who was not an apostle nor an evangelist, nor the bosom companion of Christ ? Does it not occur to you that there must have been some more potent reason for the Bishop of Corinth, going to Clement tliau any which you have assigned, and passing by St. John. And remember," I added, " that hitherto you have gone on mere conecture, and not on any principle of historic ertitude, or on any inference from historic robability." "There is no historic certainty to go upon," he said, " history tells us nothing of the local truth of the case." " Does the history of the case tell us," I relied, " that there was a schism at Corinth, nd that it was so intractable, that the ishop felt it advisable to appeal on the subject to Pope Clement at Rome. Is not his historical? Is it not also hisorical that Clement responded to he appeal from Corinth, and in a maner that you call 'dictatorial?' The oint is, why did the Bishop of Corinth hoose Clement of Rome as his monitor nd judge, apparently in ^preference to St ohn, who was nearer to his hand, and who e historically know to be living in 96, when the appeal was made? As an apostle commissioned personally by Christ, he had precedence of Clement in the estimation of all Christians then living." "la the absence ot express testimony," he answered, "and recollecting how Christ forbade the apostles to lord it over one another, I can't concede that Clement had any precedence, except that which was contingent on his being the incumbent of the metropolitan See of Rome. His precedence arose from a civil and social accident, History -is silent upon the determining motive that led Corinth to confer with Rome. It seems to me the application was voluntary, and amicable, and Clement smartly turned - it> to the glorification of . himself and his diocese, and laid the first faint outline and foundation of that broad and lofty superstructure afterwards bmlt pon it by his successors—the Papal Suremacy. Clement may have been a man f great sanctity. I don't impeach nw hristian character, neither do I challenge is motives; but I can deal with his acts. e wrote imperatively to the Churca of orinth; in the language of censure he enounced the schism at Corinth as 'deestable.' No superior could use harsher or more condemnatory words, and herein X detect the beginnirig of the Papal usurpation." " Of course," I observed, " . Church at Corinth would discern the drift and comprehend .the full ; significance or Clement's language, 'and being 'fi er 7 ' Greeks,' they would be stung by any perceptible display of uncanonical assumption over their liberties. .' As. 'a matter of fact, . historically ascertainable,' did the Church , in Corinth regent or complain ,4f Clemen"* , arrogant letter ? •' Did' they ^treat it as an insidious'or offensive attempt, to insult ana . encroach. ?"' '* We... hfrve ,no" statement in... history,'' lie, replied, •«.tliat" enables us W say . what reception! piement's lfetter met., with .in the first instanqe^" ^Jlaiye we not . distinct hisUrical f roof, ia Eusebius that from. and , after, the;'Sate , of Clements , •piatle, the ^bwch,in.Conntjh revered.it holy Script.ure,. and ?or more tLitvn 3.00. yeaj£ continued: to ^ead;it..as hpiy.Scriptijire 1 the services of :the (jliurch? .,,i)o flpafl*- duce from this hifl topic; evidence thft .Cle-,. ment had no right to,'Adding thejn;ps ' > didy'or -that lite, terms were , u n a the contrary;, do. yott? not;[gather ' that they accepted Clement'*: jexhortatioM with gladness. and ' jirized them afl. ft rictl treasure, from.rwhich•they.,derived know- . ledge ahid' consolation; and-'ptttielioe . ana encouragement ; 'jrnr.-rnq-.i-. • ? ? 