MISCELLANEOUS. A Quadruple Execution at Bang ' kok. — Tbe culprits were four — an incen diarv, sentenced to have bis hand cut off , a murderer, to be ripped open ; the third, a political offender, to be delivered to wild beasts-: and tbe fourth, a blasphe ....... -. i - ? j -CP Tim mer- to have his bead cnoppeu uu. execnlione'rs made full s-peed, grinding their axes and sabres, dressing the fur nace, and preparing the bellows. The incendiary came first and tendered his wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying in the air. The mutilation did not appear to affect him much, and he went amongst tbe crowd to witness the follow ing executions. The murderer next took a seat on a stone, and whilst they are catting into his abdomen he keeps biting a banana; the sufferer is then seen to gnash his. teeth, and, .under horrible .con vulsions, loses the banana and sinks to rise np more. The traitor to the king is meanwhile looking down a den speaking to the tigers,. and recommending them to sharpen their appetites. ioe ejtci/u tioners seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and lower him slowly into the hor rible, hole, after which , they slowly draw the rope up. Then we hear, 6ays M. Chaulnes, an eye-witness, . something like ma filed crepitation : from time to time' a human form- is seen ^jerked iip 5 the breaking of the skull and the:tbigb-bones is distinguishable'. ? The - wild- beasts- iare roaring all the time, but' no human cry is: audable. As for the saferilegious crimi nal, the executioners tied-him on a plank, ^ and nlo/iail hie Hpnfl .between two -C03,!' - pans. They then, work th^ bellows, and direct-jets of, flame on the culprits head, who continues singing what, is supposed to be an impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering under the ; darts of fire, and yet he -continues his psalmody. Meanwhile, his body writhes in awful convulsions, his eyes are bleed ing, the bones cracking, «nd he finally gives op the ghost with a fearful yell. ? Me. Fbank Gardiner. — It is com forting to know (says tbe Burrangoruj Argivs of June 30) that this individual is at nresent getting an honest livelihood, and does not appear to contemplate visit ing the scene of his former evploits. A gentleman, Mr. 11. Jewell, known to many of onr readers as a sometime resi dent .in Young, but now domiciled in Sacramento, California, writes to a friend here to say that he lately paid a visit and had a glass of beer at the saloon in San Francisco kept by Grardiner. The quon dam bushranger is described as ' doing well, and 'keeping on the square,' and is said to have inquired after the welfare of several persons in this district, amongst them one. who was a fellow-confinee of hi6 in Darlinghurst gaol. He is also said to have stated that a young man named Paine, at one 'time residing at Forbes, and who many years since was convicted and sentenced . for being in possession of some stolen notes, was an innocent suf ferer, as be did not know- that the notes were. stolen. New CattIjE Disease. — a new ai seise,' tbe Mount Alexander Mail states, ' has broken ont among the cattle at Campbell's Creek. The animals do not exhibit any promcnitory symptoms, but .lie down and die,'-'and swell up to the ut most tension of the skin. Well fed cat tie are no more exempt than the poorest beast struggling for existence on the scanty ranges. ' England has again become a gold \- . « ? . T ? J ? producing country, says - a i-ion iou paper. . ' Thte' Qlogau gold-mine, : near Dolgelly, produced in the week ending 24th April, 86jozs. Recently, Mr. Francis Maaduit, well known as a min-: ing manager ati(.Maiyborough, M'lvpr, Bendi^oV and^in 'Tasmania, was in- ; structed to examine and report upon the gold-bearing rocks of Sonth Wales, and his report is,, on the whole, favorable. It is probable that something more may be beard of this ere long, as Mr. Mandnit has again been commissioned to proceed to the district, and conduct -operations of developinent.' New items of. news from Germany come by way of San Francisco,: — -' .The Berlin Post says there is jreason to sus pect that certain folisn priests nave conspired against the lives . of ^Prince ^ Bismairck' and' Dr. Falck, Miuistet of. . Ecclesiastical Affairs, and that three persons, whose names are already known to the police were hired to carry out the plot. : Subsequently the prin cipal conspirator, Dunning, was arrested I at Cracow. . The Gazette says he is a relative of Archbishop Ledochowski, while the press states he is related to Monsigneur Dunning, Ledochowski's successor. Both papers assert the plot included the assassination of the Em peror.' , A* crowd -rf wemen mobbed the Old Catholic schoolhouse in Kouig slmttfi. 'Silesia, on the 11th, declariug they would never allow their children to become Old Catholics. The military were called out to clear the streets. ' .Tree Mignonette. — There seems to be an idea among some gardeners that( tree mignonette is difficult to grow. Such, however, is not the case ; for if it ! received half the attention that other ] I things have, such miserable objects as I nop. often sees called irtiscnonette would not be met with. We have six pyramids and two standards, the largest pyramid being four feet through and three feet high, the standards having heads two feet through. We have cut abundance of bloom from them since the beginning of October, and shall be able to continue 1\. ? ? ? 1:1 iL ... C - v.1 *r nnfci^o aoiug so uuLii tutue i» uuvuiuv. Mr. Wood's treatment is briefly as fol lows: — Sow the seed, two or three in the centre of thumb pots, the beginning of April, and as soon as the seedlings are large' 'enough' thin them out to one in each. As soon as the pots are filled ! with roots give them a small shift, and continue doing so until the size of the pot is reached in which you mean your future specimens' to\ remain. Pinch all the flower buds out as soon as they make their appearance until the end of August» When they are in flower, weak manure j water may be given them two or three j times a ? Loam. pc-a.i-; 3;; .:. i-: v j ri U' -. j-r^-ri'1' .vrir; ' 'r ' ? ; A Dog's Remorse. ^-A correspondent sends the following to the Spectator-. — Being accustomed to walk out before breakfast with two skye terriers, it was j my custom to wash, their feet in' a tub, I kept for the purpose in the garden, whenever the weather was wet. One ; morning, when I took up one of the dogs to carry him to the tub, he bitine so severely 'that I was obliged to let him go. No sooner was the do^ at liberty than he : rnn ilnwn In fl*A lr ifflip.n and hid himself, j For three days he refused food, .declined to go out with any of the family, and appeared very dejeclpd, -with a distressed and unusual expression., of countenance. Ob the third morning, however, upon re turning with the other dog, I found iim. sitting by the tub,, and npon coming towards him, lie immediately jumped into it and sat down in the water. ^ After pretending to wash Ws legs, he jumped out as happy as possible, and from that moment recovered'.. i®s . nsual . spirits, j There appears in this ; instance to have j A .a ? mooAninff ►or»nnm_ ueeii o- uitjHr proutsa wi wvwu* panied by acute feelingrgoing on in the doer's mind from the moment he - bit me until' he hitJ upon a plan of sTiowing his regret and making. ? reparation ;for , Ms fault. . It evidently occurred to.him. ihat' I attached great importance to ^this foot bath, /and if he ' could 'convince ' iae that his.cqnliritipn was, sm^ere,;. and that he fwas--. willing to submit to the^iprocess 'without a murmur, I should; be satisfied. The'dpg, in this caisiej 'reaspiied witfi^eiv ; feci; accuracy, and' trohi iiisro^h premiises deduced a legitimate conclusion which the result justified. ;K FiiENpH'CioFFEB.^— One coflFeeCtip' best ^found« coffee-^— Java is -the best— onaj egg, and three quarts of boiling water ; mix the coffee and egg in a pan with half a cup of cold water ; beat for two or three minutes. Put ' three quarts of . boiling'water in your coffee-pot, and after putting' the coffee in a very thin muslin bag, immerse it in the water and boil five minutes. If you cannot have good cream for your coffee, scald' one pint oTf milk, and add butter the size of a large nut meg. ' You cannot detect the taste of the butter, and it gives the coffee the same richness as cream. The shape of the muslin bag makes no difference. I use a common tin coffee-pot, but am always careful to have the old grounds out, and the pot well scalded. — Housewife's jour nal. . . n-rr- // /M ll. _ 3*1 ? WHEN people say *? un, wie aicKens: ' The dickens it is !' &c.;, many of them are not aware that Shakespeare wrote, ' I cannot tell what the dickens his name is,' a sentence that first gavie circulation to the. use of the wo:d 'dickens,' and it has been rustling, around -the English speaking world for more than 200. years. It occurs, in the ' Merry Wives of Wind- ? sor,'.Act third, scene second. [It is probable r that the term is merely an abbreviation of 'ods bodikirts , an irre verent oath much in favor with 'Queen; Bess,' and itself a corruption of the, old asseveration, by ' the Lord's body,' or ' God's bodv !' Comnare snch words as Zounds ! ; (Gods' wounds), s'death (God's j death), etc., etc., all containing allusions ! to the Saviour's passion. To such, base uses tlie most solemn plrrascs come, at last. — Ed. M.C .) ' Witchcraft in Japan. — Jealous women. employ this charm to avenge. the infidelity of their husbands or lovers. Dressing herself in whitej her hair hang ing loose behind, a tripod (usually one of those nsed in cooking), on which three liirhliul' miiiIIas are. nlanpd -/in her head. ??'o t j r ? * while in her mouth she -holds a torch of bamboo and pine roots lighted at both ends, and ronnd fcfer neck a mirror^ the slighted fair one rises at the hour of- the' Bull-* (about 2 a.m.) and, taking an effigy' of the faithless one, or, as the case may be, of his frail companion, or of both, nails it to a tree within the grounds of some shrine. At wbateyef part of the effigy the nail is .driven, there injury will he inflicted udoU the original in the flesh, .but if shie shonld meet a ghost; of an enormous ,bull,rand Exhibit terror at the apparition, the potency of the charm is lostj : :and can only be revived' with in cantation and imprecations on the offending pair. The common mode of bewitchment is to form a lay figure of Straw, pierced- with nails, -and to bury it beneath the -.place 'where the ? person io be punished sleeps;- ? - 5 A CAiCDLATiom has been made, which will duubthfes prove interesting to those interested in mining affairs. . The con clusion arrived ai is this: - The aggregate value of all minerals mined in the world amounts at present to 1,000, 000, OOOSols. per year ; of this coal alone i6-5 worth nearly two-thirds, say 660,000,000 dols. ; the rest one-third, or about 333,000,000 dols. Gold stands at the head of the list, the value of the metal mined per I year being about 100,000,000 dols.-; next is iron ore, being at present 70,000,000 dols.; bnt of no mineral is the production so largely increasing as that of iron, and it will soon surpass in I value that of gold. It has increased during the last seven years from 18 to 28, while coal has increased from 18 to 25, and gold remained about as it was. The production of steel increased from 18 to 54, proving the progress of industry in general in which steel is the main a\?ent. Some time ago (states the London correspondent of the Liverpool Post) four ladies, who passed the London University Examination of Women, entered them selves in the chambers of well-known barristers for the purpose of studying law. It was said at the time that their labors would be fruitless. It seems, however, that the ladies are likely, as the j result of their studies, to obtain profit able employment. One of them, whose term of study is closed, has been engaged by a firm of solicitors as a ' consulting counsel,' and is at once to receive a salary larger than the income enjoyed by scores of barristers who have been in practice for years. Dueadful Iragedt. — A. areaiiui tragedy has just occurred at St. Maurice Sur- Aveyron ( Loiret) ; a man out of his senses has killed no less than six persons. He first attacked the cure of the parish, who was returning from visiting some -,ick. and clove his skull with an axe. iu ih-i'i oM-.t::!--; 1- no.^^-ion of .7 ? ;.. : : ! ?, „ m his fury. A seventh, who attempted to assist them, had his hand cut off. The author of this sanguinary butchery was with great difficulty arrested, and has ] been sent to the asylum for the insane at Orleans. Valuable — if True. — To destroy the weevil in seeds an experienced seedsman says : — ' Very often in the spring I have notice! that peas, be ans, &.c., for sale 111 the stores for seed were worm eaten. In many cases the seeds wer j so eaten as to be useless for seed. The Worm and even the erg, may be easily destroyed by the bisulphide of carbon — a colorless, volatile liquid, having an odor like that of rotton eggs. It the barrel containing the seed is noBjjquite tun, moisten apiece or ciotn with the- liquor, lay it on the seeds, and cover the barrel with an old horse-blanket. The flavor of the bisulphide will sink down among the seeds and destroy all animal life. 'The seeJs themselves will not be injured. Two or three ounces will be enough for half a doxen barrels. The liquor is usei in Europe to destroy the weevil in wheat.' A Valuable Vineyard. — The Argus says : — ' Tabilk Vineyard, Lower Goul burs (always noted for its productiveness) has this year, we are informed, produced 68,486 gallons of wine. The total area of the vineyard is about 820 acres, and of that in full bearing about 120 acres, so that the above product gives an average of about 622 gallons to the acre. Some portion of the, vineyard was as high as oVer 1000 gallons to the acre. The fruit was gathered in nne condition, tne the weather' being on the whole most favorable . for. vintage operations ; and from the condition and -character of the must, it is' expecte'd to 'be of a very su perior quantity. We doubt if the- above average yielded per acre has ever been excelled, or even equalled, in any part of the world, for the same area of vineyards. Tbe crop: of tbe previous vintage was considered to be quite as large, but owing to heavy rains which set in towards the end of the vintage, grapes equivalent to about 10,000 galIons: of wine had to be left ungatbered. Leaders in Ireland. — The London Standard, discussing the Peace Preser vation Act, remarks on the noteworthy fact that, with the single exception of O'Connell, the leaders of all great popu lar movements in modern Ireland have been Protestants. The founders of the United Irishmen were all of them Pro testants, and though Catholics after wards came to the front, the chiefs, to the very end, were Protestants. Wolf Tone and Lord Edward Fitzgerald, the two Emmets, the two Sheareses, O'Con nor, Roud, Milson, and Russell were to a man . Protestants. So, again, in. the Young Ireland movement, Smith O'Brien was the acknowledged chief, and if Duffy, the guiding spirit, and Meagher, the orator, were both Roman Catholics, Davis, the poet, and Mitchell, the irre concilable. were both Protestants ; while in the Fenian conspiracy the same fact was noticeable. Good News fob Asglicans. — A. curious question is being raised by some Ritualists as to ^whether there is any power in the Church of England to dispense from the obligation to fast in Lent, the Rev. T. Espin, Chancellor to the diocese of Chester, has written to the Pall Mall to ' say that his letters patent expressly empower him to issue licenses to eat flesh-meat in Lent and on Fridays. ' I never heard.' he adds, '* of such an application having been made, theugh I imagine .all Diocesan Chancellors are are equally authorised -to issue these licenses, the Cancellor being iri^fheory the Bishop's representative for discip linary purposes.' It may be a relief to tender consciences who want a dispen sation that there is an .authority now to give it. We have not heard what the scale of fees is, or whether it has been .approved by Parliament. |Lord Shaftes bury, who has had his eye for some time on the Chancellor, should look to this. 