AN UNPUBLISHED CHAPTER FROM THE CHRONICLES OF KENXAQUHAIK. but their hearts were hardened against him ; and they heeded him not. 8\. Then, for a second time, he rebuked their wickedness in a parable, so that all men were moved to exclaim, " Behold these are the unjust stewards who have withheld from Pastora the betrothed of Presbuteros, the younglings of her flocks and herds, aud tbe fleeces which are her due." 0\. Aud the two unjust stewards were exceeding wroth with Presbuteros, and they coramuued with each other saying, " Are we poor nieu aud the despised ones of the earth, that these parables should be uttered against us 1 Did we not give many talents of silver towards tbe building of this synagogue? Are we not reckoned amoug the chief Pharisees of Sidou 1 Let us take counsel together how we may be avenged of this preacher who refused to speak pleasant thiugs to us. 10. So they gathered together many of the meaner sort of people, and secretly defamed the character of Presbuteros, saying that lie was an extortioner, aud prevailing upon " those who heard them to join in casting him out of the synagogue. 11\. And they put him forth accordingly, 12\. But it came to pass that the high- priest of another synagogue gave up the ghost, and that Presbuteros was called to minister therein. lib Tbeu begau he to speak with greater plainness than heretofore ; and it was noised abroad through all the city of Sidon, that the unjust stewards had behaved evilly ; bowbeit. the people of that city did not wonder thereat, inasmuch as the worship of the golden calf was so universal. Moreover the worshippers said with tbeir own hearts, Our idolatry will be forgiven, if we expend a small portion of to® fruits of our avarice in erecting synagogues with exceedingly high ana heaven-reaching towers. 14\. And, for a while, they flourished like a green-bay-tree. 1\. Now it came to pass that Presbuteros was betrothed to Pastor a, tbe widow of Pastorus, who had great possessions iu flocks aud herds. 2\. And Presbuteros was callcd into a far country, tbe laud called Auriferus. beyond tbe great sea. there to minister to the brethreu iu exile. 3\. And Pastora said nntohim: Behold thou wilt see tbe isles of tbe sea, and lliou wilt abide iu tbe largest of them. Peradventure thou mayest happen upon the two unjust stewards who have greatly enriched themselves out of my flocks aud herds. Now. therefore. I beseech tbee if thou shouldst fall iu with them rebuke them in my name, and demand restitution ; for what is mine, s thine ; aud when thou speakest it shall be even as I spake. ; 4. Then he departed ; aud after many days, came unto the land which is callcd Auriferus. aud unto the city of Sidon ; and the firstday of the week lie entered into the synagogue to preach. 5\. And lifting up bis eyes, he beheld among the congregation the two unjust stewards, clothed with authority, and occupying the chief seats in the synagogue. Then he learned that men held them in high esteem, because they were rich ; for tbe inhabitants of Sidon worship tbe golden calf, even while they are praying iu the synagogue. G. After a time Presbuteros sought occasion tospeak with the unjust stewards ; and all that Pastora commauded him to say unto them he delivered; but they mocked him, aud turned a deaf ear to his demands for restitution. 7\. Finding himself thus wrongfully entreated, he rose up iu the syuagogue on tbe Lord's day, and spake unto these evil men a parable; 