&0MWENT ?0P1CS§ THE COST, WirSN the Education Act was passing through the House, a tew of the mem- bers who supported it had some misgivings on the question of cost, but their fears were set at rest by the most plausible assurances. How false these were they have now good reason to know. Notwithstanding the extravagant votes of Parliament for the erection of schools, the department is sadly in want of money for thatpurpose. It is pressed on all sides to build new schools, whilst it is embarr&ssedto; find money for' those in! course of erection'. No admission to that effect hag been made, but we know it to be a fact. And the impecuuiosity of the department is also known'to other journals, who, howeieTj do not wish to hurb the tender susceptibilities of the Minister of Education and the friends of secularism by avowing the truth. But our contemporaries to whom we refer do not altogether copceal their information on the subject. 1 ' They cannot do so and prop up the Act where 1 it most needs support. They have hinted at the necessity of raising funds by' extraordinary means, such as a loan! Fancy Renter telegraphing to the London Press that Victoria was 'about to raise a loan for the erection of school, buildings ! The information would be apt to startle our bond holders slightly, and what effect it would have on our credit in the money 'market can be easily imagined. A scheme so paltry, and so directly at variance •with sound financial principles would earn for us the contempt and distrust of every European capitalist. If the Government may float a loan for the erection of schools, why inay it not do the same thing for other public, works, not of a reproductive character. There are many cases in wliioh it might so benefit posterity. But it seems to us that it would be much better to borrow for the extinction of the deficit, and if the Ministry should be so foolish as to propose the scheme suggested by the Age, Parliament most likely will agree with our recommendation. It is not made very' seriously, but in the same spirit the House would be apt to receive a motion for borrowing half a million of money for the erection of schools and " the elevation of the masses." The Telegraph proposes .to raise the money by some neat financial thimble rigging. "It might not do," it says "to borrow money for school buildings, because our rule has been—and it is a wise rule—to borrow only for reproductive works, so that our debt, however large in amount, shall be nominal in reality. But we have a precedent in our railway construction fund. A sum of £200,000 for railway purposes is obtained yearly by the sale of land, and we do not eee why the £600,000 might not be raised in the same way for school purposes." This is in effect Baying, " Don't propose to borrow the money, for that might be objected to, but draw the necessary funds from our capital account. The people would Dot mind that, for it would not touch them." This is how the pea is to be put Tinder another thimble, and the working elksses hoodwinked. But it would not do, the money must be obtained either by indirect taxation pr by a school rate. These are the oniy legitimate means by which the wants of Mr. Mackay can be supplied, THE FREE and the BaUarat Courier EDUCATION", appeal to the working classes to support the Education Act, because being.free it is a bopn to them. So it is alleged;.but? there is no truth in the assertion. The Working of the Act costs the working classes more than it does any other seotion of the community. It is supported by indirect taxation, through whidh they,ar£ the largest contributors to the'' t^tfenue ' 1 and they may be aure?«th»t 1 ttn5tgb'- t'hey havenxst-tppay iftefcchbbhfotttfct dfarshif: tog a.week-fMii^edujcatibn of;a efiHd it ^tfc rtliein'iimitltf Mre 'than: that in- %e.?tly... ".free education " will be the m'^ns of keeping .the duty, on tea and <ioliee and other necessaries, and tile largest consumers of flUch articles—the" working classes—will soon discover that " ptofection, " as practised in this matter, of..free education, is moBt injurious to ^Their eyes; muBfc sooner/or later O0efl to the facts of . the caae, which ate briefly these': That whilst they contribute most to the revenue from which the schpctls are ; support® dj :the trading' and tipper classes who . contribute v6ry mupehcTleja; to^yQiayail-'t^iibel^s of tfe^IgipliL tjjijfi ',,18,. juot,Suitable,' "and", as,'wqp.r|s "now- great talk ajwut. the. necessityl of- tevismg-jtaxation, and talcing' otfrburdena-from the' working classes, tha. injustice seernsajl wwgrjt&jer.; EreeeduoUron.iBinot'S'bad hi"S' 1 A! at "^tislrat gu. 'raised. It means, as cacri^d; out in Vjctoria, robbery pf^^the, working jolaases lor the, benefit ofthose who can.well Afford to pay for the education of' thjeir children. This is the class of pieople who are most benefited by the Act. It wag'introduced ostensibly with the bbjeetof 'bringing in the gutte'r chiidre'n, biit thfesfe sire' npt the young6tefs''who have either come 'in' or been brought in. What the" consequence of bringing them in will be, we may judge from the following.; , i(: "Some interesting remarks^respecting compulsory attendance at ecbodls in England," remarks the PaU MaU 'Qaiette, " are made by the Rev. Robert Temple, inspector of schools in Montgomeryshire and Shrop shire and the adjoining counties, in hiB report for 1873, lately printed.' Mr. Temple has observedione curious result .of .the system, and that is that 1 where a board school to which the compelled: attendants go and a voluntary school are irithe same neigh bourhood; the better class of work people send their children 'to the < latter." It is quite possible that if the compulsory clauses were strictly enforced in the larger towns of the colony the same result would follow, parents dreading the infusion of the class known as " gutter children." When our experience iB that of England in the matter, we shall have the Minister of' Education asking for funds to erect schools for the gutter children. Then will follow, inore taxation, from which the poor man .will be the'heaviest sufferer ^ THE following letter was LETTER FROM received by the mail. ME. JOHN As, most likely, it is MARTIN. one of the last written by Mr. Martin before his death, st melancholy interest) attaches to it j— • "House of Commons, ' " Wednesday, 3rd March. " MY DEAR SIR,—Your letter of 3rd Dec. reached me here last week, with remittance .£18 58., making up entire contribution received from Melbourne for the Mitchel Testimonial to the very large sum of £368 5s. I am deeply gratified to know that the Irish of Victoria—and indeed all Australia and New Zealand also—respect and love such qualities and conduct as John Mitchel's life has exhibited. No Irishman (nor other man) living has more distinguished himself by patriotic devotion, and by courage, talent, and loyalty, in the cause of his oppressed and wronged native land. " For myself, I am proud to have been made the medium for conveying, your generous contributions to the man Whom you and I desire to honour. " You will have learned that Mr. Mitchel had suddenly come back to Ireland, shortly before the arrival of your last letter, and that the constituency of Tipperary had already elected him unanimously, unpledged and unquestioned, before he touched the Irish shore. It was an act worthy of Tipperary and worthy of the man.' The English Government, it seems, fears to let even the ghost of John Mitchel appear in this house, to point to the massacres and iniquities perpetrated against the Irish race by English rule. ' " A contest is engaged between the Tipperary elpctocs and this house, to see whether the constitutional rights of the constituency, or the arbitrary-rule of the majority here is to prevail. I suppose the constitution will be itriumphantly -torn to tatters by the Government; as maby a time before, in pure spite againBt Ireland. "I am sorry to havs to.rpport that Mr. Mitchel's health is exceedingly delicate and feeble since he came to Ireland this time. " With heartfelt thanks to yourself, and the Melbourne Conamittee,and&U; contributors to the Testimonial, "I am, dear tSjir,,,.' " Sincerely yours,. " JOHN MARTIN." " Joseph Winter, Esq., ; V "Hon. Sec.?' ' . ,. IK a European telegram, dated 3td April, THE war AGAINST GOD. it was stated, . " The Pope has exhorted the Prussian Bishops to continue tK&ir; resistance, and vote against Prince Bismarck. The; more important (passages of the 'Encyclical on 'which that ! rej>6rt' W&'ioundecL we give in our Cathblic iiifelli^ence^ from these our retire jjwilLatjoqce perceive . that, they ihyplv? po ibhaiige,x»f attitudp on, the part of j^ie JBLoly^ iE^th^nrlIn the rejection of a false prinoiple, the condemnation of i an.evili hifi Holiness is never obscure, and* of toursej he'isincapable of proposing or accenting ~>fc cdmpro^ mise. Oh such questions lie sitgafs'with 1 the voice fafauth6rity; aM; ^ti^u'enW^with 1 'decision"alrid' boidiiws^ have been well. Churih woiad .nbt inS 1 ipM' oiie iota, of 4he authority iKbiild divinely invested. ItB l^utoiy iwxp ivntness to that fact ; aud it it^itiaet&frB;, somewhat strange' .that.vita: iatoiutftblei fixity of. purpose -should in this instiMioti so enrage its enemies. The Lcbend papem ll^orer Europe have t*% i ; 'at thd Encyclical,, and ; Wtttf iflttf ^IfaSWa tfieiii if U^!nfe'cMpiiy; -eveb aV this long] iiatahce', trip? tl» theatre of iBvehts. . Argvs, taa caught it bpdjy, .the delirium in its case having supervened; at an unusually early stage. < All the < evidences of it wer betrayed, in an article which appeared in its issue of Tuesday. Patient and considerate treatments demanded in the case, and that is What w6' rBfcdmmerid tb thbse who may feel disposed" to object tH .the slashing leriipet and headlong fury of ! fhe jotorn&l.iti; question.' Our advice will be the more readiljr complied with when it is undersljpod ,tli4t,. the. Holy Father's Encyclical has-raised no new, question, and that the Liberal jpurnals are fuming about one tnat is as old as the catacombs. The Holy Father's letter simply involves the question of Caesarism and Ultramontanism, \- that is, the authority of Christ as against the powers 6i this earth; and that subject has been' discussed more than once in these columns, to thefiiil satis-' faction of our readers., It. mfjy^ therefore, rest for the present, those, who, will not see cannot.be''enlightened, for there is. no power on parth to give sight to the blind. The .German .Bishops assembled at Fulda have ,petitioned Emperor William not to withdraw, from the Catholic Church the subsidy- it lists been receiving,but be has rejected their prayer. Yet we hope that his prayer when he most needs clettiericy will nothe rejected where there is a'Power even higher and mightier than that he now wields in trampling down the servants of God, and overthrowing His altars. A FEW. weeks past it BJBCTER AGAIN, was telegraphed that the Pope had, for the first time since the new order of things was: established, visited the Basilica of St. Peter, and this was represented as being an indication of a disposition, on the part of the Holy Father to recognise the authority of the Italian Government. We are informed by the mail that there was not a word of truth in the report; the Pope has not once left the Vatican since the date of his retirement. The matter, however, would not call'for notice if the report were not additional evidence of the fact that not the slightest reliance can be placed on the telegrams respecting Catholic affairs that reach this colony. Even Protestants themselves should he by this time persuaded of that fact. 