Cape since iWomütg equally. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1878. Ar.THorrrjii the point raised in Mr. Mort's letter as to the, policy of the Government in relation to the manufacture of locomotives is undoubtedly closely allied with the question of free trade, it is important to notice that it does not raise that question in the name way as it is raised by a proposal to put on import duties with a view to stimu- late local industry. When the Government, as a buyer, chooses to go to the local market in preference to going to the foreign market, it does not by so doing interfere in the. slightest degree with the freedom of other buyers or with the freedom of the port. If, for instance, the Government, as a great consumer of leather, decides on only purchas- ing the colonial article, the other leather buyers were in no way impeded in their trade ; they can import or not, just as they please, without let or hindrance. The action of the Government establishes no law for them, and imposes no restraints. Protection in its ordinary shape is an interference generally with trade in the articles protected. AU importers and con- sumers have their liberty curtailed, prices are raised on everybody willy, willy, and the Custom-house is made a barrier against free interchange. The indirect consequences of such an embargo on commerce are sometimes as injurious as its direct consequences, and in any case a large number, of persons are overruled" lit their inclinations. No such consequences flow when the Government chooses to patronise the local market. It may be in error in its calculations, it may wrong the taxpayer, it may be less good than it anticipates, it may do some evil that it does not anticipate, and may establish an artificial condition of affairs which it can maintain or drop without embarrassment. But it does not infringe on the commercial liberty of the community at large, and does not hamper its import and export business. While, therefore, it is proper to examine this policy in the light of free trade principles, with the application of which it is closely allied, it is necessary to avoid confounding Government patronage as a purchaser with protection in its ordinary sense. The Government action is no law for others, and need not be an example. ! In fact, the whole gist of Mr. Mort's argil-' ment is based on the admission that Government is not in the position of an ordinary purchaser for which reason it would be very wrong to compel other purchasers to follow its lead. If a private railway company say, for example, a coal mining company like the A. A. Company, or the Waratah Company can get its locomotives cheaper, by £500 apiece, by importing them, than by having them made by Mort's Dock and Engineering Company, then it is obviously their policy to import them, because the advantages to a mere trading company of having a manufactory in the colony would be less than would be represented by £500 an engine. But if the difference in the cost were only £50, then assuming of course that the engines are in all respects of equal quality-it might be worth the while even of a mere trading company to give the higher price, because it is an unquestionable advantage for a purchaser and employer of machinery to have a workshop under his lee, always available for extensive repairs or the prompt execution of fresh orders. Exactly how much this is worth it is for every person to calculate as respects his own business ; but it is by no means an uncommon occurrence to see commercial men who calculate profits very nicely, and who, in giving out their orders, regard only those interest, still patronise local manufacture at an apparent temporary loss out of regard to the indirect or ulterior advantages such an industry may be to them. And it is scarcely necessary to say that in so widening the scope of their calculations, and in estimating statistic cheapest market in the long run as it oil as for the moment, they are in no respect departing from the principles of free trade. Free-trade which is cosmopolitan in its spirit, does, not mean a narrow view of things. The difference, between the Government and other purchasers in that it has more things to take into account. The mere importer, who had nothing to regard but his profit on the resale, looks only to the cheapest market. The owner of a railway who buys an engine to use it till it is worn out, and who may at any time was its fellow, or one with some modifications indicated by experience, has other things to think of with which the mere importer does not concern himself. The Government, which is not only a user of engines, but which is also a tax-collector and a land seller, has still other things to take into account which do not come into the purview of the railway or coal company. It is quite proper to take all these things into account and to study the policy of the Government in the light of the sum of all its functions, and not in the light of merely one of those functions. But then, in applying this principle, we must take care that we do include all the functions. It would be obviously unfair to make a selection of them for a purpose-to include those that favoured local production and exclude those that did not We must take account of the Government not merely as a railway proprietor and as a land- seller, but as the agent and representative of the whole body of tax-payers. J When this is done, or when we have made the best approximation to it that is possible in practice, we are face to face with a question of limits. It is not necessarily to the advantage of the community that the Government should patronise the local market, but it may sometimes be profitable to the Government to do so even when it would not be profitable for private persons. What is the Government margin 'r How far beyond private buyers will the general public interest justify it in going ? It is obvious that no general answer can be given to this question. Each case must be decided on its merits, and much will depend on the character of the commodity to be purchased the suitableness of the industry's to local circumstances, the continuity of the work to ( be done, the amount of money to be did Weed, the number of persons to be employed as well as the indirect consequences of the > policy pursued. Mr. Moir's opinion is that to pay £500 extra on each engine is not too much. We confess that it seems to us a great deal, especially if the same difference in to be permanent. For it must be remembered that so far AS the manufacture itself is concerned, there are no special advantages in local work. On the contrary, the advantage is all the other way. It is not like the manufacture of crude iron, where if we once succeed we go on continually working up our own ores of which we have a practically illimitable quantity. In making locomotives we import the iron, the machinery, and the skilled labour. It is simply the manipulation that is local. And it stands to reason that Great Britain, where hundreds of locomotives are turned out every year, where there is competition among the different shops, where there is a perfect army of artisans, where now improvements in design and process are constantly taking place, where the newest machinery is easily obtainable, and where all the new ideas from continental and American workshops are easily borrowed, must be a better plan for turning out locomotives to advantage than a colony whose average demand consists of only a few per annum. We have received from the Government Statist of Victoria a copy of his second annual report on the statistics of Australasia. It was at Mr. Hayter's suggestion that the Intercolonial Statistical Conference was held in Tasmania last year, at which the representatives of four of the colonies agreed to keep their statistics on some bases approach- ing towards an intelligible uniformity, and to publish them as early as possible. When these good intentions become accomplished fact The task of wading through conflicting and defective returns, in search, of U'UhlworuiS" information, will be greatly abridged, if not .*.Iti>gother abolished. The teams three tables deal with the population, and if It was worth the trouble of keeping such returns in our public departments and publishing the results, which nobody denies, it is also worth the trouble of putting 'horn is? a form capable of being properly .indoifltootî and compared. We have attempted to do this, in the following comparative view of the proportionate increase of the population having the year 187-i-tlie number of deaths aid of immigrants being deducted : Ci fell Ts-C-ltl-VM' fell FLEET. by Births. Ilv Immigration. Total, N'. S. Wales .... 2-41-1 .. 1876 .. 1-281 victories . 4811 .. 0-120 . 2-270 .¿iieeiihliiml. 3-16 . 3-ply .. 11260 south Australia. 2-152 .. Fleet . if SHE West Australia .. 1-122 .. 0-229 . Fall ' insinuating. fell .. Decrease. Stationary. S'tvv Zealand ... 2-981 .. 1276 .. 15-810 Australasia .... 2-190 .. ii 072 5-202 So far as natural increase is concerned, we are third on the list, Queensland being 'ahead of us by the smallest fraction, and New Zealand by a considerable, difference. No account is taken of persons passing over into one colony from another overland, and it will be impossible for us to estimate how far the balance in this respect is in our favour until the taking of next census. But whatever maybe the final rectification in our favour against our neighbours, it is certain that we can gain nothing on this account against New Zealand-the colony whose clear natural increase has been one-fourth greater, and increase by immigration seven times greater than our own on the basis of the proportionate population with which we respectively began the year 1874. It has been said that the island colony, under the daring projects of Sir Julius Vogel, is going a great deal too last, and must soon collapse. We are far from approving all the schemes of that -statesman, some of which he will probably find difficult to defend' when the: full effects appear. But this policy of rapidly increasing the population, and push- ing forward the great works of the colony, is precisely that by which Victoria went ahead of us in point of numbers, favoured by her rich gold discoveries, A few years ago. She did not rely entirely upon those gold deposits to. attract people to her shores. On the son henry, she has spent two million pounds on immigration : while we have spent out of land revenue about a hundred thousand, thrill' of which was recouped in the form of' remittances on behalf of the immigrants themselves. Any one carefully -studying these figures with a knowledge of the present policy of the several colonies cannot help the conclusion that if the policy pursued by us for the last decade shall be continued during the next, its close will find us possibly abreast with Victoria, but reached, if not outstripped, by two or three of our pushing times enterprising neighbours. "NY a need not be jealous of' their growth, but neither need 'we be indifferent to our own. Our condition is, in many respects more favourable than theirs. Now Zealand-with a little over half our population has alienated over seventeen, million acres of land, and has remaining less than fifty millions : with a debt, if we include those of the Provinces, as well in that of the Central Government, amounting to some twenty-two million.-. We have alienated less than seventeen million acres, a large part of which was in the form of free, or almost free- grams, in the earlier days of the colony. We have left, or should have if the area had been properly estimated, over one hundred and ninety-one million acres, with a public debt of eleven and a half millions, chiefly invested in our railways. With such a state of things, if there is a colony in the world that may safely bid for population and adopt a bold and progressive policy, it is the colony of New South Wales. The very plans which else- where might well be deemed the summit of audacity, might claim in our case to be the highest political wisdom and the most prudent and far-seeing statesmanship. The present year promises to be even better than the last. Our land revenue is likely to be not far short of two millions, and our revenue from taxation shows a considerable increase. We have just floated a loan of a million pounds in the English market on favourable terms, and we have another million authorised by Parliament, and ready to be floated whenever it is needed. To construct our railways out of borrowed capital may he unobjectionable, seeing they can he made self-supporting when over we so decide. But what better use could he made of a portion of our territorial revenue than in bringing here a continuous stream of selected immigrants from whatever part of the world, honest, industrious, and intelligent families are to be procured ? We never yet heard of a combination of capitalists against the importation of capital from Europe. Yet that would be just as sensible and as just as a combination against the importation of labour. The condition of the colony demands both almost to any con- ceivable, and certainly to any possible extent, and nobody who understands the true interests of the country and of all classes in it will stand in the way of the hujiortation of either. There is another aspect of the question worthy of notice. Industries can be multiplied in a country by nothing but the increase of its population and wealth. With only 000 000 people here, it is impossible for us to support manufacturing industries to any large extent. It is equally impossible that employment should be regular and constant in those industries. A small population necessarily means a small local consumption with fluctuations of trade, small in themselves, but relatively large and capable of creating great local distress. Double the population-as we easily may in a very fotv years- and two widen the basis upon which all our industries rest, afford regular employment to both capital and labour, and benefit the particular trades as much as we push forward the general progress of the country. Let it be understood, however, that we are contemplating a scheme of immigration rightly conducted. It is possible to have a scheme that will be the reverse of a public benefit. We do not want the dregs of Europe, who are a burden upon their own communities at home, but healthy, thrifty order loving people, fit to be citizens in a free country. Nor do we want whole shiploads of immigrants thrown at random into the capital and then left to shift for themselves. Depots should be established in the interior, and in all the chief centres of the colony; from which the department in Sydney swan.') doW'Q its information, as to the kinds of labour in demand, to be telegn»i«M?a to the Agent in London, to enable him properly to regulate the supply. And upon arrival in the colony the immigrants should be for warded to the depots, in accordance with their several wants. These are merely matters of detail, but will probably be found to have no small influence upon the main issue. Let it once be determined that the thing shall be done, and there ought to be no insuperable difficulty in deciding which, among the many projected schemes, is likely to be the wisest and the best. SurnKMB Courts. Business This Day. Jury Court : Santleimin v. McDonald (part heard), 'White v Cdicn, Hawkins v. Stewart, Powell v. J. Meredith. Banco Court: Clark v. Mazitelli. Black v. Lindo, Swan v. Levy, Hayes v. Davoren. Master's Office at 10.30 i ii.. O'Brien v. Curlewis and others, to the defendant Cut lower costs. DiPTiucT Coffill Cause List for Wednesday, 11th îiiiveinlier : Taylor anothers v. Campbell, Ferguson v. Orr, Ferguson v. Reynolds, Nolan v. Hill, Friedman v. 1 bindi]!. DicATir or Mr. W. li.- IToviïj.i,.-Captain Lovell, who for many years past resided at Goulburn, died 'early this morning at Pfahlert's Hotel. The dinner of the deceased gentleman is honourably associated with Australian e.yplointiou. In the year 1921, when the furthest settle meat beyond Sydney was at Lake George, Captain Hovell, in company with Mr. Hamilton Hume, started on an expedition. They determined to explore the country until they reached the ocean which bounds Australia on the south. It has been truly remarked that this project " required in those early days far more of courage and determination, perhaps, this might be necessary now for an expedition across the whole territory from sea to sea." Captain Hovell was DO years old. "XV o understand that his remains are to be conveyed to Goulburn for burial. Sin IbiTtccLKS Robinson. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New South Wales, and the Hon. W. Hely Hutchinson, and the Hon. T. Taylor, arrived from Sydney on the 6th instant (says the -Argus) in the s.s. City of Adelaide. Captain Standish, Captain Terry, A.D.C., and Mr. R. Wadsworth were present to receive his Excellency on landing. Sir Here is 7, during his stay here, will be the guest of his Excellency the Acting- Governor, Sir William V. Stawell, at Bishop's court. By the City of Adelaide there also arrived Sir Hercules's break and four handsome horses, also the race horses Coiumodoro und Emigrant, and a pair of carriage horses belonging to Mr. E. Lee. of New South Wales, who was a passenger by the steamer. RESIGNATION OF THE REV. MR. WILSON A meeting of the friends of the Rev. E'. I,. Wilson, the late pastor of the Congregational Church. "Wellington street. Collingwood, was held on the 5th instant (says the itself), for the purposeful presenting an address of condo desire to the rev. gentleman on his resignation of the pas tot late. Mr. Wilson, in consequence of the action taken by the trustees of the church in reference to financial matters", formally tendered his, resignation to the congregation at the centre of last Sunday evening's service. Mr. Rjndfi.nl was voted to the chair." The address, which was read by Mr. Ternouth. was numerously signed and formally presented to the Rev. Mr. Milson by the chairman. The rev, gentleman, in reply, entered into a lengthy explanation of the differences which had arisen between hiniA'tf and the trustees, culminating in the scene of Sunday evening limit, and premised that he would resume his ministrations to theo of the congregation who might be willing to attend in that halles the third Sunday of the minute. A case Hilltop was then formed for the purpose of making arranged for it.-. for a more siiVi-luiitial lwugnitiou of the rev. per tmV for vices in the church. Caution to Youxu Mail-The Wcliiugion z i (hing Port my (hut a caution to young men not to trifle v. all the atrocities of the fair sex was duly administered by the mother of a young lady of Wellington (N.Z.) to a young man, who for the past few months has lionnoting i deceitful part, and when questioned by the father con- t used that he was only joking. It appears that during the intimacy of the young people in evening was now and then spent in music and ringing, and several pieces of music belonging to the young man were left at the house-of the young lady. After the rupture had taken place, he appears to have wished to become possessed of these stray sheets again, and with that object in view repaired to the scene of his former visits. As this visit was partly anticipated by the lady of the house, and as there had evidently been deceptions practised by the young man, it was felt that a good whipping was the most appropriate ehu.síi¡¡em«it to inflict on the culprit. A whip was provided, the lady of the house was at home when he called, he was invited in, and there and then received such a whipping as, if. it to be hoped, will work a reformation in his conduct. Sax Francisco Mail, Service. - The New Zealand Times says Further papers respecting this Service have been presented to both Houses of the General Assembly. Sir Daniel Cooper and Mr. Russell, writing to the English postal authorities on August, 10th, say: " The ships to be employed on the Pacific part of the route will be much better and faster than those hitherto used, and it is hoped they will keep their time with tolerable certainty ; feat it is apparent to us that unless we can connect at New York with the fast boats which leave that city on the Saturday or the Wednesday, the arrivals of the mail here must be very uncertain and irregular, and the usefulness of the service so much impaired. We enclose the time-table for your approval. Under it the homeward mail will be due in San Francisco on the Thursday, and, if to time, should leave San. Francisco by the Friday morning express, and reach New York on the following Friday morning, about thirty hours before the departure of the Saturday boat (two in the afternoon of Saturday we believe to be the ordinary hour of sailing). This margin of thirty hours we have allowed to meet the contingency of the non-arrival of the boat at San Francisco on the Thursday, and to cover any delay that may occur on the railway between San Francisco and New York. Our desire is that the mail should be dispatched by one? of the first boats leaving New York on Saturday but that if at any time the mail should not arrive in time for the Saturday but, then it should be held over for the Cunard boat on the following Wednesday: that, in fact, the homeward mail should not be sent by say centre except the fast Saturday boats of the "White Star, Inman, or Civnard, or by the Cunard steamer on the Wednesday. "When we made this contract with the American Pacific Mail Company we remembered and re- recognized the fact that the American people have a large interest in the success of this line, and we believed, in making the contract with a powerful American, company, we should interest them still more in the enterprise, and eventually secure a more speedy transfer of our mails across the Continent. In the meantime, however, we think the plan we have laid down, of sending air mails from New York in England by the boats we have named on the Sal in days and Wednesdays, and by no fathers, will effect a great improvement in the service, and we beg you will move the postal authorities ut.'VTaiili'iii^'on to give effect to this request." Finn m J'iTT-STniîKT.-At five minutes to 3 o (clock last night, information was given that a fire Kail ThE on the premises of Mr. Graham Carrick, 388 I Hay-street. The fire occurred in an upper room through a candle having been left burning on a window-sill and the. window being slightly upon. the. curtains were blown on to the time and caught fire. The result was the destruction of tliecuitains and several articles of furniture, also insure to the wood-work of the window. Three engines from the Insurance Brigade. Station, and one each from the Nos 3 8 snell Volunteer Co. were- in attendance. The fire was not out with buckets of water. The damage done was only trifling. Bush Pim. Yesterday evening, a bush fire was the burning several miles away, in the direction of Burwood. The fire-engines turned out, but did notes for. h Tile VicronrAN Ripon's Association A meeting of the members of the Council of the Victorian Rifle Association was held on the 6th instant (reports the Argus), Professor Irving in the chair, for the purpose of making final arrangements respecting the fort becoming Intercolonial Rifle Matches. A letter was received from Sydney, announcing that the Sydney riflemen would leave on Friday by the Wentworth (s.) under the command of Major James. An it was not, known at what time the steamer would arrive at Sandridge, it was decided to postpone the arrangements for the reception of the loam and some information had been received as to the time of the steamer punning Wilson's Promontory on Sunday It was arranged that Major the Hon. F. T. Sargood S.K.A., should be captain of the Victorian team, and that Professor Irving should act as umpire for Victoria. With reference to the International Match, The following gentle men were elected as captains of the respective tenmb:-English, Major the Hon. J'. T. Sar- good, S.K.A. ; Scotch,' Major J. M. Templeton, C. It Irish, Private M'Eurland, U.U., and Australian, Captain King, E.M.A. A motion was brought forward that the Skirmishing Match should he struck out of the program but this was at once negatived, and it was therefore decided that the match should take place as usual with large bore rifles', and that entries should be Utary "Woopen Match No 1 squad-Major Sleep (captain), Private, Hall, Sergeant Illingworth, and Sapper Wilcox ; No. 2 squad Major Trythall (captain), Sergeant Dubberlin, Gunner Hilliard, and' Private Now on claim; No. 3 squad Captain Wardill (captain), Private Irvine, and Gunner A. Poll. The squads are to practise at 2 p.m. to-day and 8 a.m. on Tuesday. A slight alteration was made in the conditions of mulch No. 4 (Long Burns Murchland match No, 21 (Long llangoChampion March), at the number of shots being reduced from seven to five at each range. Ciuckkt.-Tasmania v. Sydney; The match ? wwimiitteo of the S. T. C. Association met on the 1st instant (-Hysen JP. ?. Md'fUry), to select the players, for the re! turn match with the Albert Club, Sydney, writes. taken place about the 26th and 27th instant After oareM was sideration, The following eleven were unanimously selected : -Messrs. J. Arthur, J. Arthur, H. V. Bayly, E. H. Butler, C. W. Butler, George Davies, E. Lucas, G. J. Maxwell, C. Pike, C. Taylor, and W. H. Walker. Umpire: Mr. W. A. Guesdon. It is a matter for regret I had two or three of our prominent players are unable to get away for the trip, but to make amends for it the eleven elect must go in for hard practice, particularly in their bedding, and so render less conspicuous the absence of such died mon an Birch, Whitesides, and Freeman. Kathkk Confused. - Newspaper reporters should not drink. Here is a story handed in by one of 1 to craft, which shows in very strong colours the manner in which things become disturbed by viewing them through the bottom of a tumbler "Yesterday morning, about 1 o'clock p.m., a man with, a wheel in the hole of his stock ng. committed arsenic by swallowing suicide. The verdict of the inquest returned a jury that the deceased came to the facts in accordance with his death, the leaves a Had and six small wives to lament the loss of his up finely and." . Ohinahak Shots miner residing at Tea. Tree, near Morrison's (says the Geelong Advertiser), was apprised by 11 Chinaman that a Celestial countryman was diligently engaged washing his paddock. The miner, ruling himself with a trusty fowlingpiece, visited his mind, only to find that the information supplied to him was 'but too correct, and Ural "John" was diligently extracting the- gold from his washdirt. On finding himself discovered C'huikoy " tried to seek safety in flight." The minor in nt upon making his acquaintance, begged and beseeched him to grant him an interview, and as the 'fugitive only ran the battler, he fired at him twice with the view of detaining him. The thief escaped in the darkness, but the affair being reported to mounted constable Wilson, that experienced and efficient mom II r of the force paid a domiciliary visit to a Chinaman's hut at Polly's Creek, where he found a wounded Celestial 1 named Ali Coy, who had his arms, legs, trousers and lumpers, riddled with shot. The injuries not being serious Ah Coy was arrested and brought to Geelong, where he was brought up before the Bench, and remanded yesterday in the charge of being in a mining claim with intent to commit a felony. Explosion of Ammonia On Saturday last writes the JSiurrnrumli Times) while Dr. Gordon was "pouring a bottle containing three pounds of thoshongest enginemen, as soon as the cork was removed the whole of the (intents shot upwards with great force to the coiling, filling 'the room with their stifling fumes, and sunning the ceiling and other ports with a peculiar greenish colour. A bunch of flowers standing in the shop changed its bright and varied 1 lines for a dark green, and the same effect was produced upon the scales and various apparatus exposed to the in fluence of the ammonia. Dr. Gordon made his exit safely, -f coping to avoid being overpowered by the noxious vapour; -ml more than 1111 hour elapsed before it became a matter of safety to remain in the room. The cause of the explosion \- thought to have been, the excessive heat of the weather all the disturbance to which the ammonia had been sub- died during its transmission. The accident is quite un- ultimo, and only occurs upon very exceptional conditions, 1.1 when it happens it is exceedingly dangerous Lohmann ife. Sau Story of an Orpheus SimviTon. The Taranaki Herald publishes the following One of lioMirvivois of the Orpheus affair has just been the subject of a lunacy inquiry. Except that the unfortunate officer gave a good deal of New Zealand fighting and was probably known to many of you, I don't know that the fact possesses any interest. Mr. Charles George Brooke Hunt is the Fine of the poor fellow. His father is 11 county gentle rain Iii Gloucestershire. Lieutenant Hunt, R.N., entered he Navy in 1866, and in 1861 was appointed, to in- Australian station. There he served on board the iiTihoiis until her loss on the Manukau Bar in 1868. He was picked up by some natives in a boat between 9 and 19 1 night of that fine) day, having thus been some seven years in the water, and a good deal knocked about by the visiting wreck. It is supposed that he never recovered the injuries he received, and that his brain was affected. He next served on board the old Ouraeou on the Australian lillian, and was again wrecked in one of her boats with tunic of Lim officers and men, he rescuing one of them himself with great pluck. He was one of the Naval Virginie in the New Zealand war, and returned in the 'articles in England in 1867. Ever since there has been netting more and more strange in his conduct, and latterly he went in for fearful extravagance, rushing about the country in special trains with no particular subject. and saying thousands of pounds worth of jewellery. He finished it: was enormously wealthy, although he really had less than 3000 a year, including his wife's fortune. He saw, men led to it fails Price, of Tibberton. The end of it was that the jury found him to be 11 lunatic. A LiYüíA' Young Lady The average un- audited female witness (remarks a contributor to the at the Herald) is generally 11 source of amusement to those II he attend the Courts of justice. As a rule she is literally I'utfiiing with evidence-or what she believes to be over dead-end is sum to got into difficulties between her umbrella, veil, gloves, and the Court Bible. I heard a child story about something that happened in a neighbour- ing province not long ago. A very self-possessed young vermin a recent arrival from the Emerald I side-stepped li iskly into the box, and, with a familiar nod to the Bench, commenced to tell her story loudly and rapidly. The attendant. policeman endeavoured to stop the torrent of words, and said to the witness, "You haven't kissed the Bible.'' " Kiss me grandmother," contemptuously replied the dams. 1. .. I'm speaking to the Judge." Was it a Ghost A correspondent of the tiny ofTiddy Times thus writes-Mr most extraordinary story has been related by several gentlemen which has caused no little amount of discussion. The story is Some short time ago the relators left this place in a whale boat for an old kainga called Waitahanui, a few miles along the margin of the like that after landing and remaining for some time, they decided to stay for the night, and finally took up their quarters in an old a Maori whare, In the evening they made a fire in the house and retired to rest. Their slumbers were not so soft an could be desired, however, for" in 11 short-time sounds strange and unnatural,' saluted the cars of the would-be sleepers, and very soon after a strange figure made its appearance in the war, and took up a. position beside the fire. The occupants of the house, is an be easily imagined, did not care particularly for a being in. such 'a questionable shape" and some of them gazed in fear and trembling and been left the house ; the rest remained with their heads under the blankets. One gentleman courageously seized a frying-pan and shied it at the object, wheels immediately fled from their gaze, but not "as a beautiful dream. The spectre is described as being at the shape of 11 man. of a light colour, large grey board with eyes like balls of fire, and seemed as if it had just emerged from the water, as its hotel was covered with. water-cress hanging down to its shoulders, about 1 tool in height, and a perfect skeleton, and as it walked or hobbled they could hear its bones rattle like dice in a box. The story is well authenticated by all who were present (Europeans), and there is no doubt that some extraordinary object was seen by them, but whether a spirit tries Heaven or a 'golden ebonised' remains at present a pigs head mystery." Point School, Taiieh.-At the end of the month (says the Manning River Times), Mr. A. W. M'Kinnon, Public School teacher, Taree, relinquished the onerous duties he has held for the last sixteen years. The school children met as usual on the 1st instant. Mr. M'Kinnon invited him into the schoolroom, and afterwards addressed them with a few feeling remarks, and wished them good- bye. We are sure that the district will lose a valued and respected resident in that gentleman as he was always ready to assist in any good object for the advancement of the district. Mr. and Mrs. M'lvinmn will carry away with them the good wishes of many friends and residents in the district. Scarlet Fever and State Schools The Argus says that owing to the spread of scarlet fever several State schools have had to he temporarily closed. The school is Sooreoby, in the Berwick shire, has been closed for this reason. The Central Board of Health sent their visiting inspector to the place. Directions have been given to the local board that medical attendance shall be supplied if required. The nearest doctor is at Kew. It was intended to close the Hotham State school, but the Central Board gave it as their opinion that if the recommendations regarding (the proper precautions to be taken were to be carried into effect, there would be no necessity for taking the extreme step of closing the school. No child from any house where fever has broken out would be allowed to attend the school. The fever during this outbreak has as Mumed an unusually virulent character. In some cases death has resulted within twenty-four hours, and in one instance 11 child expired within twelve hours of the seizure. Shocking Süick. A melancholy case of suicide occurred on Tuesday last (says the Warwick Arm). Thomas Wilson, or the Reserve a man well known and respected in this neighbourhood for a number of years back had been drinking for the last few weeks to such an extent as to make it necessary for his friends to keep watch over his movements. On Tuesday morning early deceased asked the friend who was with him for some bread and butter, and during the temporary absence of the friend he seized a knife that was unfortunately left within his reach and cut his throat. He was removed to the hospital, but, in spite of medical treatment, the wound was so serious that he died at a p.m. the same evening. A House set on Ems by Mickey short time ago we published an account of Bro caused by mice igniting matches. Here is another taken from the Tara - mrs' Herald-The house of Mr. T. M'Guinness, at Oakura, had a narrow escape from being burnt down early on the morning of Saturday week. It appeared that he and his family had retired to rest some hours, when chan- ning to awake, Mr. McGuinness found the whole of the filing of his bedroom in flames. He jumped up, and with his guernsey, which he well saturated with water, tried to beat the flames out; while Mrs. McGuinness, m well directed and, throw the contents of a bucket of water on the fire, which stopped the further progress of the flames. This being done, Mr. McGuinness tore down the remainder of the canvas from the ceiling, and thoroughly extinguished the fire. The cause of the accident can only be accounted for by a Yiiouso igniting a vests match. It seems that it had been customary to place the matches on a beam that ran across Ahc side of the room, and it is supposed that the race not one of them, which, exploding, set fire to the ceiling. It is > curious circumstance that Mr. McGuinness, twenty-one years ago, was in the ill-fated Polar Star when she was burnt, and the day the house caught fire was the twenty (i rsl anniversary of that awful event. A Life Well Insured Ex-President Jolui wn's death will be regretted by none more deeply than by the insurance companies, no was a believer in life insur care, and illustrated his faith by his acts to an extent that is rare indeed, even now-a-days. The aggregate of the policies on his life is no less than 300,000 dollars. His happy rim can well afford to say no more about Unit little pile of 70,000 dollars which the ex-president lost by the bankruptcy of Jay Cooke's bank. Wonderful EscAr«.-A startling accident (miss the Hobart Town correspondent of the Launceston Examiner) occurred on October 28 at the Rosetta Coal Mines, New Town, belonging to Mr. Smart. Eight men and two boys were at work in the drive at the bottom of the shaft, 90 feet down, when water commenced to trickle through from an adjoining disused shaft that was full of water. Mr. Smart happened to be there and hastened the workmen's escape, which they just barely effected when with a noise like thunder the water burst through the wall of the drive, and in two minutes there was, 30 feet of water in depth in the pit. The escape of the workmen is miraculous. Tin Org. The following is a return of tin ore forwarded from Murrurundi Railway Station during the week ending 6th November: Giant's Den, 2 tons 17 cwt. 2 qrs. 7 lbs.; PPSV, 2 tons 14 cwt. 3 qrs. 24 lbs.; Moore and Co., 7 tons 2 cwt. 3 qr. H lbs.; Giant's Den, 1 ton 4 cwt. 3 qr. 14 lbs. ; TX, 1 ton 4 cwt. 3 qr. 8 lbs. : Scotia, 2 tons 17 cwt. 2 qrs. ; Gem, -1 tons 6 cwt. 3 qr. 16 I'm. ; Stanborough, 10 cwt. 1 qr. 14 lbs. ; S, 1 ton 4 cwt. 1 Sr. G lbs. ; GNG, 2 tons 7 cwt. 2 qrs. 24 lbs. ; L, 5 tins 8 cwt. 3 qrs. ; Britannia, 2 tons 6 cwt. 3 qrs. 12 lbs. ; Cope Harding, IS dwt. 1 qr. 14 lbs. BOY, 1 ton 7 cwt. 1 qr. ; Tmgah, 4 tons 19 cwt. 2 qrs. ; PPW, 4 tons 14 cwt. 1 qr. 14 lbs. ; Tiengah, 2 tons 15 cwt. 2 qrs. 18 lbs. Total, 47 tons 16 cwt. 3 qr. 7 lbs. Destructive Fire at Cooktown On the 28th ultimo (says the Courier) a most destructive fire took place in what is generally known as Chinese Town, site stood at the junction of Adelaide and Harper streets dozen yards. From what we can understand, the fire originated in a Chinese eating-house, where the cook was frying Ash, and as it was required in a hurry, he, in mistake put keen and instead of fat in the fire the blaze soon caught the building, and before even the poor follow a Chinaman, could escape, he was so dreadfully burnt that he died yesterday at the hospital. In the meantime the flames (flew with the rapidity of lightning to the thick stack of wooden buildings bur-onntliai; it, and in a very short time from twenty to thirty buildings were on fire. The Commotion was very great, and the citizens, with the Chinese, were most energetic in assisting to remove goods from the burning dwellings close to the scene of the con- flagration. The progress of the fire was stopped. The damage by the fire, and that sustained by removal of goods cannot be estimated at less than 2000, none of which is under insurance. CATTLE AND SHEEP YARDS, OXLEY "We have had the pleasure (Ipswich Observer) of inspecting the cattle and sheep yards put up by Messrs. Fenwick and Scott, of Brisbane, at Oxley. They are situated about 200 yards from the Oxley railway station, and one mile from the main Brisbane and Ipswich Road. The sheep yard is about 100 foot in length, and is subdivided into two large receiving yards, from which the sheep are classed and put into pens, attached to which there are twelve, some of them holding up and others 100 sheep. Alongside are six small yards for lambs. Altogether the yards are capable of holding 2000 sheep. The hurdles are neatly made of split wattle, and are much admired by all who have seen them, being much lighter and more durable than the ordinary sheep hurdles used. The cattle yards are at the side of the sheep yards, and comprise a huge receiving yard, two drafting yards, with "rush" between, and two swing-gates one at each end which are so arranged that the cattle are drafted into three classes or grades with great ease and without knocking them about, from these yards there is a lane leading between the pens, and as the cattle drafted a man opens the gate In let them into the different none. There are four pens on such side of the land, some of which are capable of holding fifteen bullocks and some twenty-five. The whole of the pens will hold 170 head of cattle for sale. The yards are so constructed that they can be enlarged to any extent. The stockyards are eight feet high, and built of Uno split rails with one foot round posts, and with a strong grip on top. The gates are of a most substantial character, and at the end of each pen there is a man-hole left by which a person can easily pop in and out if he is charged by a bullock. These yards are built after the pattern of the Melbourne saleyards. They are altogether the most complete that «ehaveseeu in Queensland. Mr. Hedges, of Oxley, was the builder, and also the maker of the hurdles. X mob (fifty-four) of fat cattle, from Mr. Ernest White's station at Nindooimbah, was sold at prices ranging from £8 2-,; 6d. to 57 8s. 6d. for bullocks, and 30 15s. for cows, an average being £7 12s. 6d. 280 fat shorn ewes, from Jondaryan, were also sold at 7s. per head, There was a very good attendance of buyers at the sale. An excellent luncheon was provided on the ground. After the sale The healths of the firm and success to their undertaking was proposed by Mr. Moore and enthusiastically received. The health of the butchers was next proposed by Mr. H. Scott, and heartily received. A very pleasant hour was passed, after which the company separated. We hope that our Ipswich auctioneers will copy the example of their Brisbane confreres, as most of the cattle and sheep for the supply of the metropolis pass through this town. School on Absinthe Fakir of Cole's entertainment at the School of Arts last night was very largely attended, the hall being filled in every part. The usual programme was gone through with as much success as over, and the audience was highly delighted with every thing. The shadow pantomime provoked roars of laughter, A? fire 'beauties four fountain and the aerial suspension of the entranced lady were especially wondered at and admired. Trou-khance says-A very successful concert was given in the Temperance Hall last night by the artistes who have usually provided the people's concerts at the same place every Saturday night. Mr. John Davies presided as chairman. The programme comprised several choruses, songs, ballads, and recitations, all of which were well given. Mrs. Caldwell acted as accompanist. A VicTORIA Thbatdjb.--Not a few of the holiday-makers wound up the day's amusement at the Victoria Theatre, which was densely crowded. The drama was " The Two Orphans," in which Miss Alice running as Henriette, Miss Dickie Lingard an Louise, and Mr. Lawlor as the Chevalier de Vaudray continue to amuse. On Thursday Miss Alice Dunning takes a benefit, i% *!" ,RPl»ar as Pauline in Lord Lytton's drama of The Lady of Lyons." Queen's Theatre.- The United States Minstrels gave their entertainment to a very large audience yesterday evening. The various songs, (dances, and bur toques peel off with their Ultra, (W(|/ To-night there is ""»««chiens-.,oí programme. 