LADY HEATHCOTE'S PLOT. Bt Astell Curtis. Chapter XXIX — -( Continued. ) After the lapse of half an honr, Mr. Ennerlie's efforts to revive Horace succeeded. He opened hia eyes, and seeing his friend's anxions face hanging over him, tried to raise himself. MAre yon hart, dear sir ?" he asked, in a faint voice. " No, not in the least," replied Mr. Ennerlie ; " I am safe enough, but at what a coBt ! Von have saved me, at the sacrifice, perhapB, of yonr own life." Horace smiled faintly. " My life," he said, " ia of little worth to myself, or anyone else ; bat thank God yon are spared," and he again sank feebly on the ground. Mr. Ennerlie looked around, in the hope of seeing some chance of help ; his eye rested on Horace's pistol, which had fallen from his hand, and he was thus reminded that he also was armed, and that by firing at intervals he might attract attention, and thns proenre assistance. His anticipations proved correct. The report of firearms, so nnnsnal in that direction, soon brought several persons to the spot, who one and all eagerly proffered their servicea to convey Horace to the nearest habitation. Gently as ha was lifted, the motion caused him to faint again, and in this insensible state he was borne to thehonseof a Norwegian lady, informed of the nnfortnuate occurrence by one of the men who had aated as tin avant courier, and proceeded the melanoholy little procession. With gennine kindness, the lady not only prepared for the wounded, man's accommoda tion, bat sent off for her own physician, that he might be in readiness to receive, and administer to the immediate requirements of, the stranger on his arrival. Whnn FTnrann wolra from hia loner trance he found himself in a comfortable bed. Mr. 1 Ennerlie, with a face pallid as his own, by his side, and a strange gentleman feeling his pnlse, and looking anxiously on him as he lay. " Too most not Bpeak," said the latter, as he peroeived consciousness had returned. " Yon are with those who will take every care of yoo, bat yoa mast be content to lie quiet for the present, and ask no questions." Horaoe looked the compliance he waB not allowed to otter, and drank the draught held to his lips by Mr. Ennerlie's trembling band. For many days his life was in the balance ; another half inch and not even the skill of his clever medical attendant or the tender care of hia friend conld have saved him from the fatal effeots of the dagger. Of the ruffians who had made this diabolical attempt, one was fonnd quite dead, the other only retained life long enongh to state that his companion, having listened to the con versation respecting their projects for the morrow, observing how well Mr. Ennerlie's purse was replenished with gold, and also that both he and his friend had valuable gold watohes, determined, if possible, to possess himself of them. Having thus made himself master of their arrangements, be left the hotel, and sought his companion at tho haunt where it was agreed each was to be heard of when suoh an opportunity as the present occurred. Mr. Ennerlie's anxious cares were at length rewarded by the convalescence of his young friend, on whom he now looked as on a cherished son ; nor was Horace slow in return ing the attachment that every day's increased knowledge of his friend's worth strengthened. During that convalescence how iutimate did each become with the sentiments of the other'b innermost feelings, and yet how pro foundly ignorant of each other's antecedents previous to their accidental meeting ! The short Norwegian snmmer was noarly ever, and Horace's medical attendant strongly advised his removal to a more temperate climate before the severe winter weather set in. " In fact," said the clever physician to Mr. Ennerlie, " yonr young friend's Btate of mind, as well as hia bodily health, require ohange of climate and scene, and the sooner the better, for, it appears to me, he broods over some real or fancied grief, which retards his recoyqry, the seolosion dnring hia convalescence giving him too much opportunity for doing so. The exertion inoident on travelling will be bene ficial to him in every way. He is English : why not take him to hia native air P" Mr. Ennerlie was startled. He felt assured that England was the last country to whioh Horace wonld desire to resort, and he, too, had his own reasons for avoiding it, bnt these he determined should be set aside if he found his ideas erroneous as regarding Horace's repug nance to visit it. Gently, then, did he tonch on the snbjeot to him. "No, no," eaid Horsce, in agitation " never again can I set my foot on English soil.' " My dear fellow," replied hie friend, "do not agitate yourself, yon shall go nowhere that would be distressing to yon, bnt our good doctor recommends a climate for yon as nearly approaching yonr native air as possible. Do your objections extend to Scotland or Ireland ? 1 The remembrance of the many happy months passed with the E»rl of Heathcote amidst the beautiful scenery of his Scottish home, came vividly before him — his lip quivered as he murmnred " Dear, dear Scotland ! No, I mast never Bee it more !'' end he hid his face in hia hands, and gave way to long pent-up emotions. | Mr. Ennerlie knew his kindest act would be to leave him to the indulgence of hia grief. When he rejoined him he fonnd him composed, bnt very pale. He had thonght much of Mr. Ennerlie's proposition, and the strongest desire took possession of him to behold, even at a distnnce, the land he believed to contain those objects so dear to him, though he dared not venture to either country. Accident might throw him into contact with Lord Heathcote, the Howards, or some acquaintance that would recognise him ; but Ireland — neither the Heatbootes nor the Howards had any connections there, and he could, in pass ing, see England's white cliffs, aud from some part of Ireland gnze on the shores of Scotland. The wish grew with the thought, and he com municated to Mr. Ennerlie hia desire, who took immediate measnreB to gratify it. The regret expressed by their hospitable hostess on their approaching departure was very flattering. Not being in a position in whioh any pecuniary rooompense could be offered, both the gentlemen were rather puzzled as to how they might leave valuable souvenirs with out offence ; so, pending the neoessary pre parations, Mr. Ennerlie wrote to hia German agent, giving him the delicate commission of selecting gifts worthy the lady. The CkgOUbO QIIUIGQ VI Ut UltlUOUIB ftWIVW Uiut versent with ladies' tastes. Diamond earrings and brooch set in the newest style, and a ring to match, evoked expressions of unqualified admiration from their kind hostess, who declared the gift was much too costly, and rather took from the pleasure she had felt in the little service she had been so fortunate as to render them. However, she waB persuaded to aocept them, and, with many expressions of sincere regard on both sides, they parted. Travelling slowly, Horace gradually re gained his health, and used every exertion to banish his despondency, in gratitnde to Mr. Ennerlie, whose whole affections and thoughts seemed centred in him. The effort was its own reward, for in responding to these feel ings, he took more interest in life than he thought he could ever again have experienced. How could he help doing so, when he saw either his sadness or cheerfulness reflected in his kind friend's countenance. After several weeks slow jonrneyings by land and water, Irelaud was at length in sight, and as they entered Kingston Harbour in tho early dawn of a glorious snmmer morning, they confessed tbnt its beanties had not been exaggerated by report. They remained bnt a few days in Dublin, and then, purchasing a light carriage and strong horse, resolved to travel independently of railways or attendance, except as the latter was required where tbey stopped for rest or refreshment. Having explored the celebrated scenery of the sonth of Ireland, they jonrneyed leisurely northward, visited the wonderfnl Giant's Cause way, returning by Rosstrevor, making that beautifnl vicinity their head quarters for the time being, and eaoh day made excursions in different directions. Among the rest, they crossed the bay over to Carlingford, from whence they wandered to an elevated point called Ferry Hill, where, tempted by scenery that cannot be surpassed, they remained, an- mindful of the passing hours, until the moon shone forth in her fall beauty, as if got np on the occasion lor tbeir special benebc. They took their position on a small plat form, far above sea or river, Keenly enjoying the glorious prospeot. To the right stands oat the bold headland of Carlingford, its bay, now calm and placid, dividiug it from the pretty little seaport of Warren Point, and, still tnrther north, the village of Rosstrevor is distinctly seen in the moonlight, which silvers its luxuriant woods and the sea, whose waves glimmer in its beams. Beneath the steep and thickly-wooded de clivity, above whioh stood the travellers, lay (he river. On the opposite side, the cultivated grounds and stately mansion of one of Ireland's resident landlords, added another interesting feature to the scene. A oloud passed over tho moon, which cast the river into shadow, except where oue beam threw its light in a long thin line across the water, and as the friends gazed aronnd in admiration, the sonnd of distant music reached them. In a few minutes a small boat emerged from the shade into the brilliant moonbeam, made still more bright by the contrast of. the surrounding darkness. As the rowers raised their oars "in measured time," the water dripped from them sparkling as the richest diamonds of Golconda. The boat was now sufficiently near for the air to be distinguished ; it was one of Moore's sweet melodies, arranged as a duet, harmonis ing appropriately with the place, and hour, as well as with the feelings of the listeners, and sung by a male and female voice, with a pathos that proved the strains came from the heart of the vocalists. The melody was " Oft in the stilly night," aud recalled to Horace's remembrance the night of the concert at the Howards, when he bad pressed forward to gaze on the sad, sweet face of the lady who had sung the same melody, and whose sudden indisposition had so grieved and interested him. Absorbed in his reflections, he was recalled to himself by a moan of agony from Mr. Ennerlie, who — as the little boot, having crossed the moonbeam, again disappeared in the shade, and the musio died away — had thrown himself on the ground, in the abandon ment of sadden sorrow. " Oh, my own, my lost love !" he cried, as if in tense suffering forced the exclamation from him. "Fit emblem is that little boat of my blighted life, illumined by one short, bright beam, and then borne away into endless shadow !" Inexpressibly affected by this burst of grief from one nsnally so calm and collected, Horace seated himself by his friend, but only testified his sympathy by a fervent' pressure of the hand. Some time elapsed ere either spoke ; and when Mr. Eunerlie had recovered from his spasm of grief, as he turned towards Horace, his face looked ghastly in the moon light. "Forgive and forget this weakness, dear Horace," be said, " bnt musio has always a powerful effect on me, and that melody I have never before heard except from the lips of one who was the light of my life, bat who was lost to me in the first happy freshness of 1 oar wedded days. It came so unexpectedly on me, that memory was stronger than my self-control ; bnt I will not again yield to such weaknessj 'for I see I have driven the blood from your lips and cheeks." Horace coald have told Mr. Ennerjie how the same melody had affected himself, bnt he refrained from adding to his friend's emotion. From that night the small platform on Ferry Hill became their favourite resort. They lingered several days iu the neighbour hood, and each moonlight night they hovered around it, in the hope of the little boat and its musical freight once more appearing ; but ia this expectation they were disappointed. Mr. Eunerlie did not again allude to his past sorrows, and in due time they continued their travels with the intention of visiting the county of Wicklow. Chapter XXX. Many weeks were passed by Mr. Ennerlie and Horace among the romantioand legendary scenery of that beautiful country, aud every where they found the peasantry annoyingly communicative concerning the traditions connected with each locality. On reaching Glendaiougb, " Whose glomy shore, Skylark nover warbled o'er." One of the thonsand-and-one guides who rush out from every bush and rock, volnnteered to give effect to surrounding scenery, by repeat ing Moore's ballad respeoting St. Kevin's Cave. It was, no donbt, a startling and new edition, bestowing on the too tender KathleeD, "Eyes of most nnwholesome glue," and travestying the whole of the melancholy history in the same luminous style, ending with the astounding proposition, that, "if tbeir honours were agreeable, and wonld obleege him with a sixpenny bit, he wonld get U « tL InAn ikal ka V\ n 4 kenn laltin/v fikntlt flrt ixtttuiaou MO unu uwou go o'er the rocks, and show how she had done the Saint, and got into his cave, right fore- ninst him, 'an' all unbeknown to him.'" Mr. Ennerlie langhed, " I am afraid Kath leen must be rather old by this time for each an expedition," he said. " Arrah ! yer honour," answered the boy, " shure tisn't herself at all, at all, that's to the fore, but the grandmother of her !" "What!" said Horace, "Grandmother to the glne-eyed Kathleen ! Why how do yon make that out ?" "Arrah, bad cess to it!" said the boy, thrusting his fingers through his thiok ourls. " Shure 'tis bothered I am entirely with the quality that do be always patting snob ont-of- the-way questions to the likes of me. Sure and if tisn't the grandmother of her, 'tis the daughter or some of the gineration, belike the same thiDg all oat ; throth, and 'tis little matter in the long ran. Well, yer honoare, is it a thiog yer worship's 'd like to see how 'twas the colleen — Lord save her ! got along side of bis riverence, the blessed St. Kevin (the heathen that he was for what he done to the oratnr !") " Oh, yes, by all means," replies Mr. Enner lie. " It is to be hoped her beauty will keep np the credit of her ' gineration.' " " Ehyah ! lave her alone for that," said the urchin, with a glance that expressed a world of fan, "jast wait till yes sees her ! 'tis the beauty of the worrld she is, all out." Then, putting his hands before his month to form an impromptu trumpet, he oalled eat— " Arrah, Kathleen ! acnshla ! the saint do be afther shedding salt tears for yon, that wonld wash yer apron ont ; so make speed to go comfort the cratnr." The youngster had scarcely ended this adjuration, when a tall, bony, woman, about forty years of age, started forward, like " Jack in a box," so sudden wee her appear ance. Her dress of scarlet serge was of the scantiest, barely reaohing to her thiok ankles ; at a little distance, it mignt do easily Deuevea she had adopted the same bright oolonr for the covering of her legB and feet, bnt on a nearer inspection, it became evident she scorned the use of shoes or stockings, the " celestial rosy red" displayed being the effects of "rude health," and of Ban and weather. It is to be supposed this woman was chosen as the representative of the gentle Kathleen, on the same principle that some ladies select their canine favourites — for their ugli ness. Oh ! shade of Erin's bard ! What wonld be yonr feelings conld yon listen to the version of your poetio legend, as rendered by the ragged boy, displaying his white teetb, and grinning from ear to ear at the merriment that eccentric version created among his auditors ! and could you behold the gigantic female, who illustrated the love-lorn heroine of Olendalongh ! How ever, the effect on the two friends was most beneficial, for they indulged in the heartiest tangh that had burst from them sinoe they had left England — one, so many weary years before ; the other, as mauy months. The stoical Kathleen, unmoved by the effect produced by her appearance, started off on her errand of love, with Btrides calculated to create euvy in a grenadier. "'Light, lovely limbs, to which the spirit's play gives motion," exclaimed Horace, as he and M r. Ennerlie laughingly watched her rapid progress over the rugged rooks that led to Saint Kevin's cave, into whioh, difficult as it appeared to gain the entrance, she snddenly sank, and, after a sufficient interval to give dramatic effeot, as suddenly reappeared, waving a flag of her standard colour ; then loosing a little boat that lay sheltered in a cosy nook, she rowed herself across the waters of the Olendalough, to where Mr. Ennerlie and Horace stood on the bank awaiting her ap proach, and, bounding with more agility than grace to their side, said— "Plaze gintlemen, remember the blessed Saint Kevin (Ood rest his sowl), and his col leen, the party KathleeD, here ioreninBt yer worships." Much amused at the serio-comic expression of the " party Kathleen's " face and manner, Mr. Ennerlie pat a half sovereign into her hand ; she looked at it as if donbting the cor rectness of her vision. " Och, thin ! may the heavens be yer bed, bnt 'tis ye that are the rale gintlemin ! An' that yez may nivir die, nor nobody kill yez 'till I've time to bnry ye ! Amin ! An' share if ye'd like to go and see the blessed saint's cave, and stretch yerselves on the cowld stones where he lay there beyant, 'tis meself that '11 row yez over in a jiffey, and then, maybe, I'd be afther getting the comrade of this," holding np the coin, "for 'tis oowld and yellow it looks, lying its lone." The gentlemen aoeepted the woman'aoffer, and Mr. Ennerlie promised the coveted "oomrade" for her trouble. After satisfying their cariosity, and examining the saint's hard bed, and tns " beetling rock from vrheooe he east his on- fortunate love," they were proceeding on their way to visit tho " seven churches," when Kathleen, who seemed as tenacious in her pnranit of the "rale gintlemin," as her name sake was of tho cruel saint, stopped them, say ing, " Arrah, thin ! is it afther laving yez wnd be, without seeing tho best of it intirely ? share 'tis that wad be the burnin' shame, all ont ! " " What else is to be seen, then ?" aBked Mr. Ennerlie. " Arrah, what a gographer yez are, not to know that 'tis the ghost of the cratnr, that do be sliding and sliddering over the rooks fore- uinst ye, of the mooulight nights, and that 'II be this blessed night ; and 'tis then there 'ill be the beautifullest musio yez ever heard in your born days. Share, doesn't the song tell it ?" "The loss will no doubt be very great to us," replied Mr. Ennerlie; "but tell- me, are you Kathleen's ghost, as well as her bodily self ?" " Just wait a bit," said Kathleen, " till the moon do be Bhioing down on ns, and tia thin ye '11 see for yerself with yer two good-looking eyes." " And may I ask, are yon also the musician ?" asked Horace. ' " Ehyah ! ' exclaimed Kathleen. " Sorra a know I know respeoting the musio, only 'twonld raise the cockles of yer heart to hear the mneicianer rattle off ' Paddy Carey,' and the 'Shan Van Voght.' Musha, 'tis the likes of him that knows how to handle the instru ment !" As the gentlemen declared it was qnite ont of tbeir power to avail themselves of the in ducements held out to them for prolongiog their stay, Kathleen pleaded guilty to the faot of personating the ghost, with the aid of a white garment thrown over her more gorgeons apparel, aud also informed them that the ourly- headed Patsy was the " musicianer," his primitiveinstrumeut being a comb covered with paper applied to his lips. After this information' the gentlemen took their leave of the commnnioative Kathleen, who was moat reluctant to part with the " giniroas quolity," and who showered down innumerable eccontrio blessings on their heads. This little adventure enlivened the spirits of the companions, and broke through the gloom they conld not shake off since that moonlight night on Ferry Hill. With more alacrity than heretofore they oontinned their pedestrian excursions for in suoh scenery as that of the romantic oonnty of Wicklow, every conveyance wonld bnt be an incumbrance. They had passed the day in wandering through " the Dargle," and were returning late to the small inn tbey made their head- quarters, when, in leaping across a small stream, Mr. Ennerlie's foot slipped on a stone, and he sprained his ancle. Fortunately they were bnt a short distance from their hotel, and, with Horaoe's assistance, he managed to limp there ; but his foot was much swollen and he snffered great pain. " This is rather provoking, Horaoe," he aaid, " for it puts an end to the excursions we medi tated, ao far as I am concerned, and we cannot expect the present fine weather to wait onr convenience; ao yon mast do the perambu lating alone, my dear fellow, and oheer me with the account of yonr expeditions on yonr retnrn." This arrangement, however, did not exaotly rait Horace's ideas of friendship, or even kind ness, as it wonld leave his companion day after day to loneliness, and probably aorrowfnl retrospection ; so a compromise was agreed on, Horace promising to absent himself some hoars daring the day, to explore the beanties of the immediate neighbourhood ; all distant expeditions to be deferred until his friend's reoorery permitted his accompanying him. (To be continued.) 