Horrible Executions. The lovers of tho horrible will havo their taste gratified to the utmost extent by a perusal of the following acooant given by M. rthanlnes. of a nnadrunlo execution at Bang- kok:— "The culprits were four: An inoon- diary, sentenoed to have bis hand oat off ; a murderer, to be ripped open ; the third, a political offender, to be dolivored to wild boastB ; and the fonrth, a blasphemer, to have hta head burnt off. The excontloners made, full speed, grinding tho axes and sabres, dressing the furnaoe, and preparing the bellows. The incendiary qame first, and tendered his wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying In the air. This mutilation did not Beem to affeot him muoh, for he went amongst the orowd to witness the following oxeoutions, Tho murderer next takes a seat on a Btono, and whilst they are enttlng into his abdomen ho keeps biting a banana ; tho sufforor is thon sscn to gnash his teoth, and, undor horrible convulsions, loses tho banana, and sinks to rlso no mora. Tho traitor to the king, moanwhilo, is looking down a don speaking to tho tigers, and rooommOndlng them to Bharpen tholr appetites. Tho oxeoutlonors seize bim, pass a ropo under his arms, and lower film slowly into tho horrible hole, after whioh thoy slowly draw tho ropo up. Thon we hear, Bays M. Chaulnoe, an oyo witness, something like muffled crepitation ; from time to timo a human form is soon jorkod up, tho breaking of tho skull and thigh bones is distinguishable. Tho wild bonsts are roaring all tho timo, but no hnman ory Is nudlblo, As for the ssoroligious criminal, tho executioners tiod him on a plank, and placed his head potwoon two ooal pone. They thon werk the bellows and direct jets of flame on the culprits head, who continues Blngjng . i u..v . what is supposed to be sn impious or blasphemous song. His temples are .blistering -under the darts of fire, and yet'he continues his psalmody. '. Meanwhile-hia -body, -writhes in awful bonvulslons. hie eyea are bleeding, his boneB oraokiog, aud hn finally give up tho ghost with a fearful yell. : 