INDIA. Madras, 28th April. Lord Ilobart, the Governor, died last evening of gastric fever, after a short ill ness. and quite unexpectedly. Tlie IIon.'W. Robinson is Acting-Go vernor. Bombay, 3rd May. It is positively announced that Anun- dras is to be the next Guicownr of Baroda. Symptoms or Maxdknly Celibacy.— When a woman begins to have a little dog trotting after her— that's a symptom. When a /woman begins to drink her tea without sugnr — that's a symptom. When a woman begins to read love stories in bed — that's u symptom. When a woman begins to say, that she's refused many an offer, that's a symptom. When a woman begins to talk about rheumatism in her knees and elbows — that's u symptom. When a woman begins to find fault with her looking-glass, and say it doscn't show her ' features 'right— that's a symptom. Whenawoman begins to talk about cold draughts, and stops up the crevices in the doors and windows— that's a symptom. MTieh a woman begins to change her shoes every time' she coincs into the home after a walk— tliat's a symptom. When u woman begins to have a cat at her elbow at meal time?, and gives it sweetened , milk —that's a symptom.' When a woman begins to Ray that a servant has no busi ness with u sweetheart— that's a symptom. When a woman begins to say what a dreadful set of creatures men arc, and that she wouldn't be bothered with one of them for the' world — that' a symptom. A- New Society,— An addition has been made to the list of learned societies. It ib the Psychological, and it numbers among its members the chief of those who believe in many of the alleged facts of spiritualism, without subscribing to the theory that the manifestations are the workof ghosts, or what modern refinement designates disembodied spirits. Thus, Mr. Crookcs is a phycholo-- gist/uot a spiritualist. Mr. Sergeant Cox, who lias written a book on the subject, L the chairman of the new society. The new body will take up in a scientific spirit tin- work commenced by the Dialectical, Society, aud will rescue from the bands of ignorant 4 enthusiasts, interested quacks and, deliberate cheats, a science which is one of great importance and of engrossing interest The transactions of the iicw society will be eagerly looked for, and it is to benoped. that the scientific world, and members of the medical profession, will leave off snccrincr at biological phenomena aujl lend a hand at investigating,-- -Leader. 