MR. TENNYSON'S PROTESTANT POEM. The Laureate's "Queen Mary" has been pronounced by very high authorities a work of genius, which not unworthily, even if still afar off, follows in the wake of Shakspere's historical dramas. Higher praise could not have been accorded ; and although in some quarters the justice of the award is disputed, it is not un- iu uc iiiuueu uy uuo juugiuuui ui. uuoatj who are to come after us. Certainly the sneer ing remark that Mr. Tennyson has but drama tized history will not wrest from him the laurel, unless it be deamed a . crime , to have rigorously followed the precept of that master of criticism, Aristotle' The carping objection, moreover,, lights on Shakspere's head as well ; or, if there Fe any difference between the two cases, it is . altogether in favour of the latter poet; for no one will put the old chronicles followed by the Hard of Avon upon a level with the Simancas despatches 'and other contemporary sources so critically and conscientiously sifted by Mr. Pronde, whom Tennyson has taken as his chief and almost his only guide. It is this characteristic of the work, its hold-, ingupthe mirror to historical truth, not any \- sectarian bia3 chargeable against its author, which, notwithstanding its heroine is Mary Tudor, stamps it with the sterling Protestant ism which constitutes its best title to public attention. Were any vindication of the poet from the reproach of bigotry needed, his very choice — so daring and yet so wise — of such a heroine, "and his tender handling of the mis guided daughter of Katharine of Aragon, would surely furnish it. Cardinal Manning, or Mon- signor Capel could hardly have done more for the "Bloody" Queen ; for it is hard to .believe that either of them would endorse, at this time ef day, Pole's, everlasting, parallels between his royal cousin and the Virgin Mother of our Lord — "th'e! blending of heaven's and earth's : Mariesj" as Itbe poet styles it. An odd echo of \- the flowery Cardinal's favourite, though almost blasphemous comparison, is heardan the streets ' , in the .very first scene, which describes Mary 'first triumphal: entry' into London 'at . beginning of her reign. " Old Noke's" memory- fails hiin; 'andasi the procession passes he fancies ; ; : dreamily, it.'is .King, Edward.;, or . King Richard, , . who feigned. in his boyhood, . or one -of the . 'Harries, that is passing.' H e is told it is Queen Mary;1 off -which he exclaims,'-- " The Blessed ' Mary's-. : a-passing !" . and; . falls on his ; . knees. ; Purther on we find,:: in; what; is doubtless: the ....;, finest lyrip burst in the poem, a still more curious echo -of 'Pole's darling but most ir reverent conceit.- : This tiine it is the Queen her self: who takes it up. It is just after the: Cardinal has first regaled her. ears with this choice, piece of spiritual gallantry, on the occa sion of his solemn presentation to her as Papal Legate, come to reconcile her kingdom to Rome after his twenty-five years of exile. She fancies she feels the, quickening in her womb of the new Spanish Messiah, and cries in her ecstacy — " He hath awaked ! he hath awaked ! He stirs within the darkness ! Oh, Philip, husband ! now thy love to mine Wilhwling more close, and those bleak manners thaw, . That make me shamed : and tongue-tied in my love. The second Prince of Peace— The great unborn defender of the faith, Who will avenge me of mine.eneinies- — ; ' He comes, atid my star rises. The stormy Wyatts and Nortliuinberlands, The proud ambitions of Elizabeth, - ' ' And; all her fieriest- partisans, are ' Before my star ! .... , , , The light of this new learning wanes and dies :- The ghostB of Luther and Zuinglius fade Lito the deathless hell which is their doom ' Before my star ! His sceptre shall, go forth from- Irid to Ind li ' f His sword shall hew the heretic peoples down ! His faith shall clothe the world that will be his,- Like universal air and sunshine ! Open; ' Ye everlasting gates ! The King is here' !— 1 My. star, my son !" - v. We all know to what a ferment of. tragi-comic- excitement, cemparable - only . to tho, frenzy which, two hundred years afterwards, maddened jhe wretched dupes of Joanna Southcote, all England was kept seething for many months about the expected advent of this wonderful ehud. : The keynote is given by a page of the palace, who runs shouting to his comrades — _ews, mates ! a miracle, a miracle ! news ! ife hells must ring ; Te JDeuim must be sung ! -"he Queen hath felt the motion of her babe !" On the other hand, amidst first the Te Deums unci afterwards, when the birth was put off and hgain put off, amidst the processions and bJe\erRS,i lnons> ominous voices were i an(l coarse comments scattered amongst the people. The awaking from her trance was terrible ; followed by Philip's worse estrange ment from the wife he liacl never loved; and now, as she was forced to own to herself, began to loathe, and by the fall of Calais, it crushed her heart. Alas! the deeper she sunk into the mire of shame and sorrow, the worse flamed forth her persecuting zeal. One hopes she was not naturally cruel, and it must be owned that the guidance she was under from her earliest days down to her last breath was as bad as bad could be — Spanish monks, bishops of the stamp of the heartless and crafty Gardiner and the coarse-minded Bonner, not forgetting the Italianized Englishman, Pole. This last Mr. Tennyson, following the mythical conception of his character to which the superficial Hume has given such wide currency, has painted far too favourably, when he makes him the advocate, in the Queen's Council, of mercy to heretics against the more ruthless Gardiner. Pole's edict estab lishing tho register, in which all Englishmen were to enrol themselves as orthodox before Easter-day, 1555, on pain of being proceeded against with the utmost sharpness of the old and now statutorily revived law for the burning of heretics, and wliicb was but the Spanish Inquisition under another name, was launched as soon as possible after the shameful spectacle of the Cardinal Legate's absolution of the realm November 30, 1554). Nor could it have been without Pole's express sanction that, several weeks before the expiration of the respite, the protomartyr Rogers at Smith field, the sublimely brave Bishop Hooper at Gloucester, Rowland Taylor on Aldham Common in Suffolk, and Lawrence Sandars at Coventry, were burnt alive for the furtherance of the religion of love. All was in exact accordance with Pole's own extant letter to his brother Cardinal of Augsburg, in which he speaks of heretics as fractious children with whom mildness must first be tried, but who, if obstinate, are to be punished with death. In the words of Mr. Froude, "The enemies of the . Church were to submit or die. So said Gardiner, in the name of the English priesthood, with the passion of a fierce revenge. So said the Legate and the Queen, in the delirious belief that they were chosen instruments of Providence." Another extract from the same great historian, which sets this question of Pole's pretended tolerance in the clearest light, will he found in the biographical sketch, con cluded in the present number, of the man who was rather the first than the second conscience 'of Mary. Unhappily, the Queen's Aragonese nature was but too fit a soil for the seeds of the Spanish Inquisition, which, save when his Machiavellian policy, chanced for the moment to. be on the side of a contemptuous tolerance, her Spanish husband also was never slack in sowing. Her blood tliirstiness undoubtedly grew more and more fanatical from the time of the execu-. tion of her rival, Queen Jane, whom at first she more than half pitied, and long spared. This is noted in Mr. Tennyson's drama. Sir Ralph; Bagenliall, a nobly-drawn character — the one man faithful among the faithless found in the apostate Parliament which . so humiliated itself before Pole, arid the Pope— is narrating to bis friend, Sir Thoma's Stafford, the Lady Jane's execution, as the pair are awaiting, with the crowd;:1, the royal procession in which King Philip, side by. side 'with Mary, makes his first entry into London : — ,' ' . "BAGENHALL. ; She 'same upon the scaffold, And'said she was cohdeinn'd to die for treason:; Shehadbut folio w'd .the .device of those Her nearest kin ; she thought , they knew the laws. But for herself, she knew but little law, > And nothing of the titles (jo the crown ; iv ' : She i had no : desire for, that, and wrung - her hands, - . And trusted God would save her thro' the blood Of Jesus Christ alone. ' 1 ' ' " . Stafford. r . ' Pray you go on. Bageniiall. Then knolt and said the Miserere Mei — , ; But all in English, mark you ; rose again, And, when the headsman pray 'd, to be forgiven, Said, ' You will give me my true crown at last, But do it quickly ' then all wept' but she, Who: changed i not: colour when she saw the block,. But ask'd him, childlike, ' Will you take it off Before I lay me down ?' ' No, madam,' he said, Gasping; and when her innocent eyes were bound, " She, with her poor blind hands feeling — ' Where .. is it? Where is .it ?'— You ' must fancy that which ' follow'd ' " ' _ ' ' If you have -heart to doit ! - .>.. ' Crowd (in the distance). . God save their Graces ! ' Stafford/; . 1 Their. Graces,, ; our disgraces ! God , confound them ! ' Why she's' grown bloodier ! when- I last was " 1 here, ' This: : was - against rfher.,: conscience — would be, murder! r BAGENHALL. : - The: " Thou shalt do no murder,' which God's hand ! ' 1 Wrote on her conscience, Mary rubbed out pale- She could not make it white— and over that, Traced in the blackest text of Hell— ' Thou .slialti! - And sighed it— Mary." 1 - '» ' As she is- dying the wretched Queen thinks her : sufferings are the1 just punishment; of her not having burned alivo Christians. enough : — ;.- ",0 God ! I have keen too slack, too slack ; There are Hot Gospellers even amohg our guards. Nobles we dared not touch. We have but burnt The heretic priest, workmen, and- women and children. 1 Wet, famine, ague, fever, storm, wreck, wrath — We have so play'd the. coward ; but, by God's: grace, We'll follow Philip's leading, and set up ' , The Holy Office here — garner the wheat . And burn tbe tares with unquenchable fire ! Burn ! Fie, what a savour ! tell the cooks to close The doors of all the offices below. ; " ' Latimer ! Sir, we are private witli our women here — : Ever a rough, blunt, and uucourtly fellow — Thou light a torch that never will go out I 'Tis out — mine flames ... . . . . I am but a woman, I have no power. — Ah, weak and meelc old man, Sevenfold dishonour'd even in the sight Of thine own sectaries— No, no. .No pardon !— - Why that was false: there is the right-hand still, . - Beckons me henco. : , Sir, you were burnt for heresy, not for .treason, Remember that ! 'twas I Bonner did it, . And Pole ; wo are three to one— Have you fouud mercy there. Grant it me here : and sec, he smiles and goes, Gentle as in life." In this fell fanaticism the bigoted Queen was really following the lead of her own darling, but her people's just abhorrence, Spanish Philip. In the first scene of this closing act, when Btill, as he murmurs in an aside, "unalterably and pesteringly fond," she is pleading with him to stay in England, and shield her from her people's hatred, incurred for his sake — a hatred all the more dangerous on account of " These judgments on the land— Harvestless .autumns, horrible agues, plague"— her cold bridegroom replies — " The blood and sweat of heretics at the stake Is God's best dew upon tlie barren field. ; Burn more !" Well might tbe more liberal and English Catholics, like Lord William Howard, stand aghast at the mad fanaticism of the Spanish and Court party. It is into his mouth that Mr. Tennyson appropriately puts the following in dignant description of the loathsome horrors of the persecution : — "0, Paget, Paget ! : I have seen heretics of the poorer sort, Expectant of the rack from day to day, To. whom the fire were welcome, lying ch'ain'd, In breathless dungeons, over steaming sewers, Fed with rank bread that crawled. , upon the tongue, And putrid water, every drop a worm;1 Until they died of rotted limbs ; and then ; Cast on the 'dunghill, naked, and became. . Hideously alive again from head to heel ; Made even'the earrion-nosing mongrel vomit With hate and .horror.'' ' Here, again, isJone of the "voices of the night," when the heart- broken . Queen is : dying ; ; one citizen says to another as they are passing tho palace — , , " Sir, in Guernsey I watched a woman burn, and in her. agony The mother came upon her— a child was born — And, :sir,:they hurled it back into the -fire, ; ; That, being but baptised in fire, the babe Might .be in fire for ever." , These, it must not be forgotten, are . stern facts, though told by tbe muse ; for it is the muse of history that sings them. From the in troductory act,- whose first scene is Mary's pro clamation, to the fifth and , last, which ends with her death and the undisputed succession of the miraculously -preserved Elizabeth, the' thread of events is unwound from the. distaff with wonderful evenness and ! skill; ; In the second act, the beginning, middle; and, ' tragical end of the abortive Wyatt insurrection against the Queen's contemplated Spanish marriage pass' before Us. Pole, as Legate of Pope Julius. IL, proudly trampling 'on an already -Reformed England — thus humbling her far worse than when, in" John's, feeble reignWd in the heyday of the Mediaeval Church, ' she bowed to that mightiest of ' the pontiffs, Innocent III., — is the centre of the third. Tlie fourth is the Cranmer act. It is unquestionably tbe finest of all. Bating no jot of truth, the poet tells the sad story of the very human but still great Reformer's recantations, at the same time hint- ing that not all the papers put forth, as such by bis Popish enemies were genuine. By this frank homage to the critical conscience, Mr. Tennyson best wins the right to show the, martyr's faith, purified at last, when licked by the tongues of the fire the dread of which had shaken him,- and to hold up to the scorn of tho world Pole and 'Iii'b Pnninli flon.tnrs. who were nromisinrr them- selves .such a crowning triumph from the last dying speech of- their archiepiscopal prey'. The follewing account of the closing scene at the stake is : given as . from the mouth of an -eye-: witness, a serving-man of Lord Howard'.s : — : "Peters. You saw him how he past among the crowd ; : And ever as he walk'd the Spanish friars Still plied him with entreaty and reproach-: But Cranmer, as the helmsman at the helm Steers, ever looking to the happy haven Where he shall rest at night, moved to his death ; . - And -L could see that many silent hands Game from the crowd and 'met his own ;! and : . . : thus, : _ - When he had come where ; Ridley burnt with Latimer, 'He, with a cheerful smile, as one-whose mind . Is all-.made up, in haste put off the, rags :: They had. mocked his misery with; and all in ' : white, ' His long white beard, which he had never shaven Since Henry's death,, down sweeping to the- ehain Wherewith they bound him to. the stake, he stood More like an ancient father of the Church > r ; Than heretic of these .times .;, and still the friars Plied him, .but Cranmer only shook his head, Or answered, them in smiling negatives ; Whereat Lord Williams gave a sudden cry:— ' Make short ! make short !' and so they lit the tyood. : . ' ' Then Cranmer lifted his left hand to heaven, , And thrust his right into the bitter, flame ; and crying in his deep voice, more than once, ' This hath offended— this unworthy hand !' So held.it till- it all. was burn'd,- before . The flame had reach'd his body ; I stood near— Mark'd him — he never uttered moan of pain : .. ; He never stirr'd or writh'd, but, like a statue, Unmoving in tbe greatness of the flame, ; i ' Gave up' the ghost : and so past martyr-like— Martyr I may not call him — " . v: : : Happily, from Cranmer's martyrdom, dated the culmination of the reaction towards -Pro testantism which bad already lit its torch at thei stake of Rogers and Hooper, and bad blazed forth afresh at the sacrifice : of -Ridley and Latimer. The profound change in the religious spirit of tbe times following on tbe burning ,of Cranmer is compared by so cool a historian as Mr. Froude to the outpouring of the Holy Spirit on tho day of Pentecost, and neither .Pole's nor Mary's judicial blindness could have 'much longer made head against it. This precious result of the fires of Smithfield, Oxford, -and Canterbury remains. Thank God the Red ; Reign, which Mr. Tennyson has dramatised in living verse from first to last with such telling truth, may justly be regarded as not the least , of the obstacles now interposed between the people of England and any second Romanist Restoration! — True Catholic. 