THE WOOLLEN COMPANY. To the Editor of the Queensland Times. St,--I observed in your issue of Tuesday last a paragraph stating that it was the intention of certain members of the provisional directory of the above com pany to propose, at a meeting which was to have been held an Thursday, the 25th instant, that the services of a gentleman should be obtained to act in the capa cityof secretary and,manager. The reason given for thtb step was, that it was unfair to expect the gentle. men who hid hitherto devoted so much time in ad reaning the interests of the company to continue to do so. Now, whilst I, as a small shareholder, am quite pro. pared to admit that the members of the provisional direetory deserve great credit for their perseveranoe and pluck, I cannot admit, and I do not think the shareholders generally will admit, that they-a Litally irresponsible body-have any right to make an ap pointment of this kind without consulting the share. holders. If 7000 shares have .been disposed of, as the paragraph etates, and if those gentlemen who hare hitherto devoted so much of their time cannot afford to devote more, the better plan would be to call a general meeting of the sharelholders and elect a perma nent directory, who would of course be empowered to appbint the neeessary olcetp for conductinog the busi ness of the company. At present there is something vr~ queer about the parAraph' mentioned; and it is to be hoped that the majority of the directory did not support the proposi tion of "esoi? of the most active members;' for, if they havr done so at this early stage of affairs, it will assuredly injure the company in the estimation of the public generally. Yours, &c.;, COUNTRY SHAREHOLDER. February 26. The latest rumour in the political world of Warwick is that Mr. Wildash may be induced to contest the Darling Downs eleotion with Mr. John DoogI., We do not, however, believe there is a bit of truth in it. Mr. Wildash has too much good sense to allow him self to be made a guy of by flatterers. If he live long enough it is possible he may, somb day, find a seat in Parliament for some outside district, but at present, and for the Darling Downs district of all others, he knows as' well as we do, that there are twenty-thou sand reasons bristling in actual, though unimproved, xistence along the banks of the Condamine that .would prevent the selectors from selecting him as their representativeo.-tWarwick Argue. We (Miar3dborough Chronicle) have at our ofitle, for inspection, a stake fully twenty-four inches long and fourinches thrbugh. This stump entered the chest of a draught horse, right in the centre, and came out at the off bide, about four inches above the elbow. Our informant states :-".I need scarcely say what the wound was like, but I put my arm right through, and got splinters out that were enough to kill any horse. I send you the stake to show you what a horse can live through, if properly attended to. The horse was in a loaded dray, and when it attempted to start it fell on this stake." Oonetable J. Murphy, stationed at Bundaberg, shot himself at 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning last (says the Mount Perry Mail of February 20). From what awe an learn, he went from his bedroom, at the hour stated, towards the water- closet, followed, a portion of the distance, by his wife,. who returned again. She had searcely reached her bedroom door when she beard the report of a pistol in the closet, and on hastening there found her husbhand on the floor with a bullet wound in the temple, and rapidly sinking. Numbers of the neighbours soon gathered round, but poor Murphy bhad passed beyond the reach of their aid. We cannot ascertain what induced him to commit such a rash aet,and he was the last man that we should think would be guilty of it. Some time ago-whether two years or ten years it doesn't matter.-a young banking establishment was started in Melbourne. When ithad been a short time in existence, the artist who I privileged to out my hair, and between whom and myself .(ariaing out of incipient capillary failure) confidential relations exist, said to me, "What aboot these new notes, sir! Are they right P" Having assured him of my thorough belief in any bank notes issued in Melbourne, and ex pressing my readiness to take 100,000 of them without question, "fBut," said I, " why do you ask ?" " Well, you see, air, there are fire or sit gentlemen whecome in once or twice a week to have their hair cut. They never have small change. They always pny me with a new lt-note." "Do you know their names ! Who are they!" " Oh, yes. There's Mr. -, and Mr. \- ," &c.;, naming half a dozen. They were the directors and manager, who had generously deviced a new way of promoting note circulation. 'To discover a really earnest bank director, I always now look at the length of his back huir.-"'Egles," in the Ausdftralasia on. A serious accident happened at Jimbour, on Mon day, February 22, to a man named Thomas Hewitt, for twenty years in the employ of Messrs. Bell and Sons. He was in charge of a stud flock, and had got on a log to mount his horse, when the enimal moved away, and Hewitt, who is upwards of seventy years of age, fell and broke his thighbone. He lay for thirty hourabe fore his accident was known, having succeeded in dragging himself half-a-mile during that time. Mr. Wallace, on hearing of the accident, had him taken to the head station,and sent into town for surgical as sistance. Dr. Crosby at once attended and reduced the fracture, but from the poor man's great ago, and his long exposure, but fanlt hopes are entertained of his recovery.--Dlby Herald. TIhe body of a man about six feet high, and sixty years of age, was found (says the Dalby Herald) dur ing the present week, about 240 yards from the old track between Warra Warra and Daandine, and the same distance from the Roma road. The deceased was dressed in a brown or dark gray tweed coat, vest, and trousers. There were found on his person an English silver hunting-watch, No. 50926, fire sore reigns, 13s. 6d. in silver, and a lady's opera-glass. Tbhe body appeared to have been where it was found for four or five months. No marks of violence could be detected, and it appeared as if deceased had lain down and died. An inquiry was held by the Police Magistrate, but no new facts were elicited. The following items of South Australian news are contributed by the Courier's Adelaide correspondent: -The Treasurer's star is in the ascendant. A day or two before his unexpected return to the Assembly be received news that his loan of £600,000, which had at first hung fire in the London market, had all been subscribed for at £90 plus a month's acerued interest. It appears that Mr. Glydo was pressed to take £88, but hlie stubbornly refused, and, by patiently biding his time, was able to demonstrate the correctness of the first estimate. In his negotiations he cannot fail to have been embarrassed by the circumstance that two of his colleagues in the Ministry are directors of a bank which was doing its utmost to obtain a reduc tion in the minimum. The necessity of excluding bank-directors from the Cabinet has been a popular topic amongst crotchetty politicians for years, but there is a growing impression that said politicians have the right on't. It is utterly anomalous that men should occupy positions in which they moast either servo their clients and sacrifice the country, or sacri fice their clients for the good of the country. The Government are promptly availing themselves of the legislative authority to construct a line of telegraph between Port Augusta and Eucla, thus making good the electric communication between Western Australia and her neighbours. Already tenders are being called for the work, which is estimated to cost some forty or fifty thousand pounds. Whether the line will deflect from the head of Spencer's Gulf to Port Lincoln, and thence be carried along the coast through the pastoral settlements to be found there, or be carried straight across the Port Lincoln peninsula to Euels, with a loop line to Port Lincoln, has not yet been decided, but alternatire tenders are being invited. The Western Australian folk are in eestacies at the liberality and enterprise of South Australia, and well they may be. For years the chief advantage of the line will be to make us acquainted with the pleasure of paying four or five thousand pounds a year, by way f :interest, to oblige a neighbour. A frolicsome pad independent juryman bf Mel. bourne has come to signal grief. The ?ge of the 20th February says:-Mr. Justice Fellowes, sitting at the Central Criminal Court yesterdayi°tnads·an example of a juryman who messoondueted himself. A prisoner named John Doyle was tried for stealing a spring dray, and the juryman in question, Mr. Brooks, book. seller, Bourke- street, was one of the good emen and true., As soon as the case opened be behaved in a manner that seemed to indicate a state of drunkenness. He laughed immoderately at the mildest of jokes, and shook his head dubiously at every point telling against the prisoner. As soon asthe jury retired to conseder their verdict Brooks vowed that he would not agree to a verdict of guilty if he was looked up for six months, and he behaved so outrageonsly that the fore man, Mr. Woodville, requested permission to see his Honour, and stated that Brooks had prejudged the case as soon as it was opened, and stated that some of the jury looked more like thieves than the prisoner. That being the case there was no likelihood of a unani mous verdict being come to, though eleven of the jury were agreed. His Honour at onde committed Brooks to prison for three months, sndremanded the prisoner Doyle. A visible lengthening of Brooks' face took plne when he heard the esetence oetheoouarr. " ?gles," of the Asriralasian, relates the following : " An eminent banker, whose business engagements sometimes necessitate his remaining in town till mid night, lately found his way to the St. Kilda cabstand. There was some competition as to who should have the privilege of conveying him home, but with that perfect impartiality which distinguiohes everything he does, he selected an Irish cabman, who had been the first to adietrc him, arranging for an immediate start and a payment of half a-crown. The nose-bag was removed, and they set out. Immediately after start ing the driver asked his fare to take the reins whilst ho lighted his lamps. As they neared Prince's-bridge at a rapid psce, the driver called out ' pull your left rein,' tid although the order was rigorously executed, there was the narrowest possible escape from a colli. sion. The cabman resumed his reins, and looking hard at his fare, suggetd, ' Sure, sir, you must be drunk!' Fast as the pane hlid been at firat, it grew faster and faster, to the terror of the passenger and the utter be wilderment of the owner of the equipage. ' What have you done to my horse P You must be a lepre chaune (a malijnant fairy). It's a sorry job for meo taking your half- crown this night. You've bewitched my horse, that I wouldn't have taken £20 for.' And so fort,, oas they furiously dashed along in the dark nese. Passing closer than usual to a lamp pillar, the driver seized my. friend's hands, with 'Sure it's'the lucky men we are that we're alive at all. Look at the bit hanging down. I forgot to put it in his mouth when I took the nosebag otf.' They bad travelled three miles. That banker now manages to catch the last train." The amount of gold that we have raised (says the Melbourne Herald) since that day twenty years ago, when Hargreaves first saw the beautiful " colour," is almost incredible. A few statistics will easily show the. immense superiority of Victoria over the other coloniesand will demonstrate that gold, notwithstand ing the manner in which it has been decried, is at the bottom of all our sueeesa. Up to 1873 Victoria ex ported 43,258,2050z. of gold, valued at £182,032,821. The amount exported by New Sooth Wales to 1872 was 10,090,676o0., worth £40,618,378. New Zealand comes next, with 7,223,5750z., valued at £28,071,684. Queoneland contributed 928,197oz0., worth £3,370,626. The total amount therefore would be 61,600.653ot., wortu £1245,093,504 out of which only 18,342,418oz. were contributed by the other colonies ! less than half of Victoria's quota. Of course Tasmania and South Australia have coutributed a little, which is not taken into account. Taking the. returns since the years m.entioned and the gold retaiued in the country, we may set down the total gold produce of Australia as worth £300,000,000.. The mind cannot grasp this enormous amount added to the circulating medium of the world. Cmw O, or IMAen.-An editor at a dinner.table, on being asked if he would take some pudding, replied, in a state of abstraction-" Owing to a crowd of other matter, we are unable to find room for it." MARAVILLdA C00OOA.-TAYron BDoonxe (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of tbis unrivalled Cocon, iritoe coa parisooi with any otter Cocoa for Purlty-floe Aroma -Sanative, Nontritive and Sustaining Power-Easi oeas of Digestion-and especially, high delicious flavour. One trial will entablish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, lunchaon,pnd a Soothing Re freishment qfteor a late evening. N.B. Caution " MaI?svnxs" is a retistered 'lade Mark. MARAVILLACOCOA.-The Glaelsays, "TAYLon BO~roBm' Mear?illa Coco has achiseved a thorough auocepss, and supersedes every other Coooa in the market, Entire solubility, a delieate aroma, and a rare concentration of tie puresst elements of nutrition, dietinguish the Maravilla Cooos above all othere. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agmeable orrlunable bovereoge." For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, Bri tist Meditd .lour~al, "e., &c.; HOM(EOPATI1C COCOA.-This original prepar otion, which has attained each a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taron lBROTHEmS,underthe ablest hommopathie advice, aided by bthe sklland experience ol the inventure, and will be folnd to combioe in an eminent degree tlhe purity, floe aroma, and nutritious property of the fresal nut. SOLUBLE CUOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The habove articles are rreparedol exctlu eively byTAy~Or BBO~OREm,tlholargest min ufacturersin Europe, and sold in tin-lined puckhct only by Store keepero and others ail over the world. Steam Mille, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium, 48 INTE?EST'ING CER??ON?I ON BO?am H.M.S. BARnncouTA.-An interesting ceremony was carried oat on board H.H. ship Barracoula last week, when three members of her crew were presented by Captain Charles Stevens, in presence of the whole of the officers and ship's company, with special service medals for conspicuous gallantry displayed in the late Aabantee war. The Admiralty ordered that the rc cipients should be decorated as publicly as possible, on the quarter-deck, and it may be mentioned that, while the Victoria Cross can only be awarded for acts of valour performed under the observation of ofjoers of high command, such as generals, admirals, brigadiers, Ac., the special service medal has been inaugurated with a view to rewarding brave deeds coming under the experience and recommendation of commanding offieers of the various component parts of a large force. The seamen and marines who gained this honourable dietinction, and are still serving in England, had the satisfaction of having the medal pinned on their breast by Her Majesty the Queen, at Windsor. Surely it would have been a pleasant eight for the Sydney, public to have witnessed the decoration of these thrje brave men at the hands of his Excellency the Governor, as the Queen's representative. The first called up was Colour- sergeant John C. Masters, Royal Marine Light Infantry, who commanded the detachment of marines belonging to the'Barracouta, in the action of Elmina on the 13th June, 1873. He led the advance of the party which, under the late Lieutenant Wells, turned a probable defeat into a decided victory, scaling a wall which separated the English from the Ashantees ; and, although wounded, continued to command his men till the day's fighting was over. It may be interesting to know that Masters was a sergeant at the early age of nineteen, and bears a very high character for zeal and good conduct. The next was John Maxwell, quartermaster, for the coolness and deliberation with which he served a rocket-trough in operations against Essaman, on October 14, 1873, tdill that village was in flames, the rocket party beine exposed to a hot fire from the bush at a few yards' distance, both in front and on the rightflank. Colonel M'Neill, V.C., and Captain the Honourable Edmund Fremantle, C.B., C.M.G., were wounded in the same fight, eand Maxwell's conduct elicited the warm admira tion of Major-General Sir G. Wolseley, who was near him most of the time. The third was Henry Ran some, second captain of the main-top, who on the same occasion acted as captain of the seren-poander gun, and with equal coolness fought it., making capital practice until relieved, by the advance of the marines in support. The medal bears on one side a benauti fully-executed bust of our Queen, and on the other a laurel wreath and the words, " For conspicuoos gal lautry," and.is suspended by a blue riband having a broad white stripe down the centre.-S. Sf. Herald. AnRIVAL or TH rn VrIOTOIa ORICKETcEs IN SBrNE.--The Alexandra, with the Melbourne team, arrived at the A.S.N. Company's wharf about 1 o'clock this morning (says the d. S. Herald of the 25th ult.) Mr. Richard Driver, Mt. Sheridan, Mr. Barton, and other members of the Cricket Association, besides a number of Sydney cricketers, were present to give a hearty welcome to the Victorians, who were evidently plewsed at the reception accorded to them, considering the late hour at which they landed. Mr. Gannon had the drag, with foear spanking greays, in attendance, and in a very few minutes the Victorians found themselves at the Exchange Hotel, those who were present to receive them following in hansoms. Ohampagne was ordered, and Mr. Driver, in a neat speech, expressed, on behalf of the cricketing community, his gratifies tion at seeing the cricketers of the neighboutring colony once more in Sydney, and hoped that the match would be a good one, and that the beet men would win, Mr. Conway responded on behalf of the Victorians, and the pleasant proceedings terminated. A New METHOD Of TcMVINO.-A somewhat novel description of thieving (says the Nelwcastle Pilot) which seems latterly to have been carried on at this port to a considerable extent, is worthy the attention of the police. We are informed that it is now a com mon occurrence for a certain clsis of larrikins to pro ceed to vessels lying alongside the wharfs, and, await ing opportunity, drop overboard articles that will not float, such as blocks, &r.; Then, waiting until the ship's departure, the stolen property is recovered from the harbour, and disposed of frequently for a small sum, to any person who may choose to become a pur chaser. The thieves thus, in the absence of any per son to prosecute, secure immunity from puhishment, and so the thefts have:gone on until depredations have increased to an extent scarcely credible. Our informant, who is a most reliable authorityj, has fur nished au wirb se'heral cates in point. In one, two blocks-one valued at £4, and the other at £2-were stolen in the manner stated; and in another, a new fender, valued at £8, was out from the ship's side dur ing the night. A FIRE-niAIro o LUNATIC.-A girl. tIlirteen year old, created intense consternation at Buninyong, Vic toria, on the 3rd February, by setting fir to different places. On the above day (eays the Ballarat Courier) the paddock of Mr. A. h1. Davis was found to be on fire. This was no sooner put out than the girl was seen attempting to extingaiph a fire which had just then broken oat in another part of the paddock. With considerable difficulty this also was got under, but not before it weeas diseorered that the cow-shed was in a blaze. It was afterwards found that a fire had broken out in the kitchen-a detached building near tie residence oat Mr.Davies, which, though situated a' considerable distance of from the laqt conflagration, had been ignited. Then followed the house itself, which was found to be on fire in one of the rooms, containing a qnantity of material used in the manu facturing of straw bonnets. Fortunately asbistance being at hand, little more damage was done than the destruction of the light materials and blocks used in the working of bonnet-making. A number of the in habitante went in haste to the Buninyong police, stat ing that a madman was in the neighbourhood setting fire to everything. After patiently hearing what they had to say, Constable O'Neil came to the conclusion that it mast have been this girl who was the culprit, and who, being acensed of it, admitted the fact with out assigning any motive for so doing. The mother of the incendiary is at present an inmate of a lunatic asylum in Victoria. SKELETON IN THEtt BuAn.-Our readers will remem ber the mysterious disappearance, about three years ago, of a young woman named Bridget Sullivan, whose father is well known in the coasting trade as Dan Sulliran. She was residing at Mahurangi, and lhad been sent a messge to a friend's house, and had never been beard bf after leaving again for her hoine. It was generally supposed that she lhad taken a wrong track, and been lost in the bush. This suppositions seems to have been correct, for, as Mr. Barker last week was looking for bullocks in the bush, he found the skeleton of a woman corresponding with that of poor Bridget Sullivan. It was fouind on the side o( a ravine, where there is a dense bush for miles. The girl was not sharp-witted, and no doubt got be wildered, and thaus came to an untimely end. Pleasant Creek N'ews. DonL?t MURDEB n Y c AnORIGINA.L.-The Central Australasian reports that the other day an aboriginal nomed Jimmy murdered Peter uand Tommy, slhepherds of Mr. Frew, manager of Mr. Tyson's station on thie Cuttaburra, at a place called Breworra. Ha killed both single.handed. The same black sboundrel killed, sboua tive years ago, a Murray black (eivilied) at the Stony Poitr, below Fort Bourke, and took from him a well-known black woman who had been servant at the Commercial Bank, Bourke. The blacks just killed by Jimmy were most trustworthy men, and had always been employed on good stations. A Onas iT i OI GaoSIT.-The Tsmaniani Tri. Luse reports tIlat on Sunday evening, February 7, as a couple, consisting of a young lady and her admirer, were wandering in the vicinity of St. George's burial geround, thIe spectre, which has up to now eluded the vigilanea of the police end the publih, made its appea· ance. It was nearly being its last appearance in pub lie, for the youth gave chase and pressed it so closely that it was compelled to divest itself of some of its dress, which fell into the hands of the pursuer. The articles consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, uand a skirt, connected witlh which was, of course, the ever-attendant improver. The spoil remains in the hande of the party who drove the ghost to the ex tremity of leaving it on thLbe field, aid Ithe owner can have it on application. DEnw OF THE Atls'.--Thie perfect adoption of this hygienic cordial to thie ailments and disabilities in cidcnt to oure climate was made manifest soon after its introduction into Australia a few years ago. From slnte t.ime to the present its popularity has increased, and Messre. Moss and Co., thie agentars of the mnnu facturers in Gonaro, are now placing it in osr markets in large quantities. It opmminds a ral-id sale. As a vitalizing preparation, it is looked upon as saperior to all other Lonica, whilst its excellent flnavour, which is not surpassed by that of any other cordial in use, renders it a universal favourito among our diaoriminat ing public. It is otrongly recommended as a specifeic for want of appetite, and as a matchless invigorant for cqonvalesconte and aged persous.--Auv.] Long-suffering mistresses may not object to the young ladies who honour them with their service tak ing the paper, that they may read the following para graph from the Melbourne Arqus :-" A dreadful kerosine accident happened at South Yarra on Satur day afternoon, causing the denth of Mrs. Brown, who lived in Osborne-street. While incautiously pouring some kerosine on the fire to make it burn brighter, the can exploded, and her dress was 'instantly in flames. She ran out of the house, and her screame being beard, the flames were extinguished by some young men who threw water orver her, but she had been fearfully burned and she died seven hours after wards. The greater part of her body was completely charred. Mr. Brown was absent at Lillydale, and returned to find his wife dead." The London Times has the following signifeant an nonocement :-" It is highly probable that the results of the exploration which Her Majesty's ship Basilisk has brought to a seoeessful conclusion in the Papuan Archipelago may give an impetus to the schemes son colted in the Australian colonies for the annexation of New Guinea to the dominions of Great Britain in the South Seas. Such an agitation would derive on couragement from the success with which the inoor poration of Fiji as a colony of the Crown has been car ried through, in spite of severe criticism and powerful opposition. It has reasons in its favour much more solid and striking than any that could be adduced in support of the brilliant possibilities with which Mr. Julius Vogel has lately dazuled the coloniste of New Zealand; yet it involves an extension of empire so vast that we may well shrinkfrom the inevitablediscussion. Whatever may be the fate of the proposal when it comes to be seriously raised, we are justified in saying that it cannot be settled as lightly and quickly hb was the annexation of Fiji" SoceessarU TREATMENT OF DrPHTHERIA BY Taac?ohTog M.--Tlo Timaru Herald states that a little girl about two years of age was suffering from diphtheria, and the diseasehavingassumed a threaten ing aspect, in spite of every other therapeutic resource, tracheotomy, an operation very rarely performed, was resolved upon. The incision accordingly was made just under the isthmus of the thyroid gland, and a silver tube was inserted, thus rendering breathing possible, and consequently preventing suffocation. The child is now quite'recovered, the silver tube has been withdeawn, and nought but a slight scar marks the spot where the opening was made. A CHIESE MARRIAGE.-Thbe San Franciseco Bulletin gives the following account of the marriage in that city of Loi Mong, a reputable Mongolian, to Miss Chang Fa, a noted moon-eyed belle :-" The interest on the occasion extended to a host of our citizens, who have within the past few years been intimately associated with the principals. The bride and groom are both shining representatives of the heathen who flock to our shores, and were early en gaged by humane citizens to assist in converting the Ohinese element to Christianity. Loi Mong received a liberal education before leaving his parental roof. Soon after his arrival here he was engaged as a mis sionary, and has induced several of his countrymen to embrace Christianity. While thus ministering, Miss Chung Fa was referred to him for religions solace, and it was while explaining the doctrines laid down in the Old Testament that the affection which has now ripened into marriage was rooted. The courtship of this couple was strictly in accordance with modern usages. The marriage ceremony was held at the Chinese Mission Home, at the corner of Stockton and Sacramento streets; in the presence of a large number of friends, the Rev. Dr. Loomis and tie Rev. Ira M. Condit officiating, the former in English and the latter in Chinese. The bride was attired in an elegant white groesgrain, skirt on train, panier looped up with sprays of-orange blossoms and small white satin bows. The corsage was worn high, and with a whitedllosion ruche. The hair was sermoonted by a wreath of orange blossoms. A handsome white point-lace veil was attached to the orange blossoms, and fqll in graceful folds over the bride's brown shoulders. The bridal ornaments consisted of pearls and gold. The bridegroom appeared in a stylish black broadcloth suit, including the usual swallowtail cost. At the conclusion of the ceremopy the party repaired to the residence of the newly-married enuple, and assisted in the wedding feast. The honeymoon will be spent in the interior. It is stated that this is the first time in this city that a Christian Chinaman and a OChristian Chinawoman have been married in a Christian church." THE SAc-AzND-Box laBICK.-At a performance recently given by Morris Edmonson's Variety Com pany, in Lincoln, England, a scene which nearly had a tragic issue was witnessed. During the entertain ment 3r. Bedmoodi, the self-styled wonder-worker of modern miracles, introduced several marvellous feats, amongst others the mysterious soekcand-box trick. The doctor in this feat is handeufqfd by a gentleman from the audience, with both bhands at his back, placed tin a large canvas bag, and then lifted into a box, The box is then put into a cabinet, and in a few minutes the doctor is supposed to be extricated and found sitting on the top of the bo, and this with. out the intervention of anyone. A\joiner, named Backer, stepped upon the platform and fattened the cords. All being ready, the box was lifted into the cabinet, and the orchestra played an overture. The audience patiently waited for the doctor, but as lihe was. rather longer than usual, great uneasiness was manifested. An assiatant therefore inquired if all was right, and received an answer in the eflfrmative. ' Fi teen minutes had now elapsed, and the doctor was heard faintly calling foe assistance. The box wes im mediately opened, and the poor fellow was discovered completely exhausted and covered with blood. A more painful seight could not be imagined, as Red mondi was nearly dead, and blood was obserred gush ing out of his eyes and nose. 'The greatest excitement prevailed. A medical gentleman, who was present, at once attended to Redmondi, and had him conveyed into an anteroom. The manager afterwards appeared upon the platform and announced that it was a most cowardly act on the part of the man who secured the box, as tie must have known something about the working of the feat, notwithstanding the challcnge of £100 to any one who could secure the box and solve the mystery. At on interview which took place next morning it was arranged that ]asker should again cord the box. On Saturday evening the hall was crowded to excess with the expectation of the contest taking ples. At the appointed time Basker declined to per form the task, not wishing to be an actor in another painful scene. The bao was ultimately corded by two gentlemen, and Dr. Redmondi scoomplished the feat in fire minutes and a quarter. SLrVELY SORY OF A POT OF PAINT.--Old Mr. Wat son, in Nelaon-street, has got a nice little bill to pay. 1o sent a man down town for a pot of paint and a ladder. The man got the paint, and then went to the lumber yard after a ladder. Then he tied the paitt pot on the end of the ladder, and put the ladder on hie shoulder. This was a very smart arrangement, and the man himself admired it very much. lie started for home this way, and didh't find any trouble in getting along the first block, because people had an impression that a long ladder with a pot of yellow paint dangling on the end of it wasn't exactly a thimg to trilo with, so they balanced along on the Iherbsetono and rubbed up against the buildings. Pretty eoon, the man saw somebody in a store lie knew end he turned round to speakl to him, and drove one end of the ladder into a millinery case, and knocked the crown ouat. of an eighteen dollar bonnet. Then he backed off in affright, and knocked down two sewing machine agents with the other end. Then he 'tarted to turn round, and an old gentleman who wan des perately endeavouring to pull his wife out of danger, saw the peril, and shouted out" Hi, there !" But it was too late. The pot struck against an awning-post to obe aide, and the entire contents went over the aged couple. Thide so startled the man that Ihe whirled completely around, smashiog in an entire atore-froot, frightening a milkman's team, and knocking over some thirteen persons who were actively dodging to get out of the way. Then Ie dropped the ladder and fled into the country, shouting " Murder" and " Fire !" ateerery jump. A regularlyordained painter is uow engaged on Mr. Watson's hlouse.--Dantury Nireos. THE AGEos OF M. GLtSTONE AND Mn. DeIRAELI. -On Tuesday, the 29th December, Mr. Gladstn,,e completed iris Glth year, having been born on the 2ltil December, 1809, and on the 31st Mr. Disrutli his60Lth year, is birthday hInilg been on the 31st December, 1805. It is wiothy of remark that the only sewing machline that has met with univrsaul recognition by householders and teridespeople generally is the "lfonmo Shuttle." The reasoi is clear-it is simple in every featnur0 of its work ; its michanism is plerfect and eanniot become deranged; it does every kind of work, and sews cvery material from muslinto lenather; it makes the lock-stitch perfectly on botlh sides; it is an elegnnt piece of furniture; it is not laborious to work, and more thnn all, its price is such as to doely competi'ion-namely, £4 10s. to rou with Land, and £6 10s. with table and treadle complete. Messrs. OCIua nud FOOTE have now a eupply.-[A-uv. FNDnc T' TEN TaO?ia D Pomnas.-At the City of London (Sheriffs') Court, recently, before Mr. Com missioner Kerr, Saddler e. Akwnorth, an issue directed to this Court by the Court of Common Plees, was heard. The plaintiff claimed the sum of £40. Tt appeared that the plaintiff, a youth holding a situsa tion as clerk in a city firm, while walking recently througheb Lombard- street with defendant, who was described as a builder at Brixton, picked ups roll of papers. They proved to be tel £t000-notes, and the plaintiff upon the advice of the defendant arranged to keep the matter a secret until a reward was offered. In the next day's newspapers it was advertised that £100 would be g.ven for the notes. The defendant then volunteered to arrange the matter for the plain tiff, and they both went to Messrs. Clarke, Son, and Rawlings, solicitors, of Gresham House. The de. fendant, leaving the plaintiff at the bottom of the stairs, went to Mr. Clarke, who, on receiving the notes, handed him the reward. The defendant ,hen said the reward was due to another person, and a?ted what he was to have for himself. Mr. Clarke gave him £50 for himself, and £10 towards a chapel he was interested in. The defendant then returned to the plaintiff, and asked him what share he was to have of the £100. The plaintiff said, "' £40," and upon the note being casbed gave the defendant that amonat, and a guinea towards his chapel On the following dsy a report appeared in the unewepapers to the.-efet that the boy had received £160. The plaintiff went to the offices of Messrs. Clarke and B?wlitga, and then heard for the first time that the defendant had received £60. He hau given the £40 under the im pression that the defendant had not received anything for his trouble. The Commissioner said be qhonld fiid for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. [r,. Wildy Wright applied for a stay of execution, for the purpose of moving in the superior courts. The Oom missioner said that execution should not be stayed a minute, and the defendant should write up in, his chapel, " Thou shalt not steal." "The consumption of malt lqaor and spirits in the United Kingdom during the last five years has (says a Liverpool paper) increased more rapidly than the population. In 1839 tio population of England and Wales was 22164,847, of Scotland 3,804,747, and of Ireland 5,443,219, giving a total of 30,918,618;l and the total consumption of spirits that year in England was 18,482,934 gallons, or at the rate of 84 gallons to every hundred of the population ; in Scotland 5,075,689 gallons, or attho rate of 181 gallons to every hundred of the population; aend in Ireland 5,386,782 gallons, or at the rate of nearly one gallos per head. Between 1869 and 1873 the consumption of spirite steadily increased in allt prts of the Usnted King dom, until last year England, with a population of 28,356,414, consumed 24,544,807 gallons, or at the rate of 105 gallons to every 100 of the population a Scotland, with a population of 3,430,923, consumed 7,113,769 gallons, that being at the'rate of 214 gal lons per 100 people ; and Ireland, with a populatien of 6,887.261, consumed 6,479,082 gallons, or mor hban It gallon per head. This gives a total onsumption of spirits in 1873 of 89,167,929 gallons, that beingat the rate of 122 gallons to each hundred of- the popalation of-the United Kingdom. From ahesefiguresitappers that while in England the annual oanumption.of, spirit. is now equal to one gallon per head of theepopu lation, and in Ireland 1i gallon per head, in 8eatlant it is 21-7 gallons per head. Nor is this exessidef spirit drinking in Scotland compensated by-marked temperance in the use of malt liquors.' n Endglaun in 1869 the coneumption of malt was nearlyauesl to two bushels per head, in Scotland it wavs ?rbhel; and in Ireland two-thirds of a bushel.-' Sins that time these figures havrexisep, until lest year theoon sumption was 21.5 bushels in England,aittle over two buseels in Scotland, and five-sixths of a bpaselin Ireland. Sootland therefore carries off the palm in the matter 'of drinking, uarid England is more sober than Ireland.' - . Tan Wo?NG END 'OF A JOxE.-It is hot.wevll to try-experiments upon persons of dull imagination. A story is told of an old French aboemaker, who,being deficient in that respect, was able to boast that iothing could frighten Ilm. Strange noises did not elaygg him, strange eights did not terrify'hin, for be bead not sullicient imaginative power to auppose that they were out of the ordinary course, or in any way un canny But two friends of his vowed that they could and would give him a soare. So osnef them pre tended to die, the other persuaded theiahoemaker to watch the body on the following night. The son of Crispin, being an iudtstrious mian, took his work into the chamber of the dead, and as the hours wore on and he took an occasional sip of some beverage by his aide, he grow slightly hilarious and began to sing,. whereupon the supposed odrpse rose slowly from his colffin and said, in a sepulchral voice, "When a man is'in the presence of Detath he should not esng." The. cobbler was not in the least degree surgrisid still less alarmed. That a corpse should epeal,oonveyed no terror to his dull fancy: he only knqw thstitwas contrary to regulations, and replying, -' hen a men is dead he ehoult not speak," he gave tbhe prteded corpse each a smart blow on the head with his cob bler's hammer that the unfortunatepra.ticul joker had no opportunity of telling his confederate of the failure of their experiment. STATE EnIUCATeo.-" God has given-to each man capacities. These capacities it is his own duty to develop to the utnost of his power. " It is his'pigh bour'a duty to help him to develope thek 2The'aeigh hour can best effect this as a member.of the'tat.' The State, therefore, as the union ofltli undeitlkes to provide the best means for the fulldevrlopinent bf all the powers of its members. Ittheibfore estab lishlea a complete system of education, from the most loemontary to the highest stages; and this system renders the lowest education imperative on bll, nd the highest accessible to all."-J. Donauldob"' A HUGE MILITA.RYi NATION,-In consequenM of the introduction of universal conscription inBueeia (says the Times' eorreenondent) one hundrond million roubles are to be expended in constructing barracks and -military prisons.-[A rouble is abdut 3s. 2d. ED. '. T. A SnhStnL? REMBsn .-Thle Scholo Board Clrohfele ays :--" A correpsondent of good repute in the teach. ing world asks, ' Why in the British Isles are girls tur posely taught to write in a manner different to boys -a style which often renders their writing very hited and irksome to deoipher? As far as my experience goes,' he adds, ' this is not the practice among any continental people using the same chaeaoters-e.g., the Frenhob, Italians, Spaniards, or Portugnese.'" It seems very desiarble that women should in future' write tle eame style as men in view of their employment in business pursuits hitherto only followed by the eterner sex. This is a strange story, not to be used in Sunday school :-An Albany man, out of work and nearly starring, turned for comfort in his extremity to his sainted mother's Bible, for the first time since bar death in 1867. To his surprise and delight, he fpund a $-10 bill between the leaves, immediately fell on his knees for the first time siscee 1840. With a light heart and glittering eye he prayerfully started for tbh baker's, to obtain a luaf of bread. There he found the bill was counterfeit, when he swore bitterly for the first time in three honrs. A fire-eating gentleman challenged a barrister, who gratified him by an acceptanee. - The duellist, being\ very lame, requested that he might have a prop. "Suppose," esaid he, " [ lean against this. milestoune P" " With pleasure," replied the lawyer, "On onadition lhat I may lean against the nyxt." The joke settled the quarrel cn?Ar TWnR oN Bea Muatotae.-It is a saubjeet of general remark among druggists that no medicilne introduced in Australia has met with so large a sale es lReston's IWi-ard Oil. Pl'ossessing such healing and curative qualities, thi' great American remedy has a wide range of. application and uasefulness. It far exceeds the expectation of the most sangulne, eliciting the loudest praise, and makes peraniaent lir ing advertising mediums of all who use it. Composed etirelv of healing gums, vegetable oils, and lherbs, Weston's Wizard Oil is pironounced by all-" A balm for over) wound:," " a cure for every ill." Thirty pence nat all druggiste.--[ADv. 388 "Berkeley, Sept. 1869.-Gentlemen, I feel it aduty 1 owe to you to express my grlatitude for the great benefit 1 have derived by taking lNorton's pamomnile Pdla.' I opllied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the hebov-nsmed P'ills, for wind in thu ersomaoh, from wlich I sullitred excruciating pain for a length of time, hnavin tried nearly cvery remedy prescribed, but witlhoutd eriving' any benefit at ail. After taking two botll's of your valuable ])ills I was quite restored to my usual slute of healthl. Please give thlis publicity for the beneit of th51e, hlo may thus be oilieted.-I am, Sir, yours truly, hlie r ALrG ast.-n-To the Pro isitsors of ?Nono.tu's CxotoILEc PILs." Wholesale agents for Queeslanuld--heeiar. Il?nar" & TAwLos, wholeosale druggists, Briebane.-fAl?n.] sa 