THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE; on, ; EECOLLECTIONS OF AN IRISH BOROUGH. By MRS. J. SADLIElt. CHAPTER XVI1L— (Continued.) ' So that was the end of the Connaught man's dream,' said Miss Aekland smil ing, ' and so ends many another dream,' she added, turning to the others ; ' the search for earthly treasures is sure to end in disappointment, and. we may all learn irom tlie experience of this unlucky treasure-seeker. Just when we have reached, as it were, the fulfilment of our cherished dream of life, conies some spectre from the unexplored regions of pos sibility to warn us thence, and cover up once and forever the treasure we had so coveted.' Her eyes filled with tears, and her voice trembled with emotion. Major Melville drew her arm within his, and led her away, but not before he had given the good woman a piece of silver, which example was fol lowed by the other gentlemen, and thanking the dame for her very acceptable informa tion, they left her to fill her pitcher at St. Mary's fountain and hurry home with her prige. ' Now, good people,' said Miss Aekland, when they had made the circuit of the ruins, ' it is about time to have dinner, or lunch, or whatever you may choose to call it — I see Tom has brought the baskets hither, as I told him, so let us choose our salle-a-manger, and sit tdown. Gentleman,' to the two officers, ' you will, I hope, favour us with your company.' The gentlemen were only too happy to be asked, and a place was chosen on the bank : of the little river, where the sward was fresh and green, in the shade of the projecting rock, and the ruined gate- tower of the ancient abbey. The spot commanded a view of the entire valley, scattered all over with the mouldering, dilapidated relics of departed wealth and power. A spell hung over the place ; an air of religious peace, of deep solemnity, pervaded every object, and the sui shone there with a mellow, softened lustre that harmonized with the solemn as pect of the place ; tenderly, caressingly, as it were, those yellow sunbeams fell on the ' ruined fane, and the broken abbey walls, and i the graves of the sainted dead. During the repast the conversation turned, J as was natural, on the ancient glories of the j place ; Major Melville was passably well | acquainted with them, and told how richly Mellifont had been endowed by Irish princes and by Norman lords, in the ages following its first foundation; how the Abbots of Mellifont sat as lords in the Irish Parlia ment of those days, and ruled with salutary j sway the broad domains given their Order for God's service and the poor's. Amongst other things he told how Hugh O'Neil, the great Earl of Tyrone, had within the walls of Mellifont Abbey surrendered his sword to Lord Mountjoy, Queen Elizabeth's success ful general, and with his sword the last hope ot that generation of Irish Catholics. ' And there is another sad memory con nected with Mellifont,' said Miss Aekland, ' .which Major Melville is probably forget ting, for he cannot but have heard or read it. You remember, Giacomo, the princess of Breffni, Dervorgilla, whose tragical history I gave you to read a few days since 1' ' What, the wife of O'Rourke, your Irish Helen, who was carried off by Dermot — Der- mot something.' 'Dermot M'Murraglv— precisely. Well, it was here she spent her latter years, in rigorous penance, and died at a good old age, contrite and humble, but full of hope in the mercy of God.' Giacomo hearing this was much interested, and Miss Aekland went on to tell how the same Dervorgilla, in the clays of her youth and innocence had presented a golden chalice for the high altar of the Abbey church, with rare and costly vestments. ' Who could have forseen that day,' she added, ' that other when she could come to hide her shame beneath those venerable '. walls, and humbly seek admission amongst ? the pious sisterhood of whose company con- 1 trition and mortification could alono make i her worthy. Two striking pictures of human '. ife in the light of prosperity and the dark i I ness of disgrace. Of course;- Major Melville you know Moore's beautiful ' Song OJ O'Rourke,' founded on this sad story ?' 'Yes, I know it — who does not ?' c: Perhaps you would be good enough tc sing it for our young foreigners here, whe have never heard it, I am sure.' ' With great pleasure, Miss Aekland, such as my vocal powers are, they are at your service.' And without further preface, he sang one of the best known and most generally popular of all the melodies, that fin6 historical ballad, commencing, ' The valley lay smiling before me.' The song was well sung, and Giacomo and Maddalena were delighted, as was also Rose; for ' Colleen dims scruda ila mo' was one o] the airs she had learned to love in her earliest childhood. ' Apropos to love,' said Miss Aekland, ' I will tell you a story, short it must be, as it is about time we were starting for home, It occurred here quite near the old abbey. You and I, Kose, have read it in the Dublin Penny Journal. A young miller had been engaged to a pretty young girl, ' a neigh bour's child,' as the country people would say, but, sad to relate, the young man died before the marriage had taken place. The grief of his affianced bride is described as heartrending. The night of the wake, she was suddenly missed from amongst her sym pathizing relatives and friends ; search was made everywhere, and at length the horrible idea came into the minds of some presentthat the girl had committed suicide. It was not till all hopes of finding her had been given up, that she was found dead and cold beside her lover, where he was laid ' under board,' as the peasantry call it ; unheeded, she had crept in by his side, and there laid her down to die.' This story drew tears from Maddalena. and Rose looked askance at Giacomo with a strange, sweet trouble in her eyes. He saw the glance, and it made his heart thrill with joyful emotion. The repast was now ended, and it was not without reluctance that some, at least, of the party, left the vale of Melli font — happier, nevertheless, than when they entered its hallowed precincts. CHAPTER XII. Although Giacomo was to have left on. the following day, it happened, whether by accr denfc or design, that the vessel he was tc have gone, in sailed without him. Nor did he appear to comprehend any disagreeable con sequences from the delay, although Madda lena made herself miserable over the pros pect of her father's displeasure, dreading its effects for Giacomo. But the latter only \ smiled, and said he would trust to her media tion to obtain his forgiveness. And how much longer, she asked, did he intend to re* main % Oh, of course, till the next oppor tunity, which might not be for a week or two. His sang froicl surprised Miss Aek land and Rose, the more so as it contrasted so oddly with the fears he had formerly en tertained of incurring his father's anger. ' Either.' said Miss Aekland to her-self, ' either his father is not so severe as he used to be, or our friend Giacomo is not quite so dutiful.' And do as she would these though^ would keep possession of her mind. As for Rose, she appeared neither to trouble herself much about the possible consequences, nor to reason on the propriety or impro priety of Giacomo's postponing his depar ture ; she did, indeed, rally him on it, but in a way that showed, whether she meant it or not, her entire satisfaction. Its effect on the Brodigan sisters was very remarkable. Only a few days had passed after it became knovn that the vessel had sailed without him, when Miss Brodigan took the opportunity of informing Harry Cusack that the affair was all settled, mean ing a match between the young Leghorner and Rose Aekland. Harry was a little dis concerted, at first, but Ann so far unbent irom -i 3r usual hauteur as to condescend to enterts in him, which she did to such good effect that Cusack began to think that she might iuit him better than Rose Aekland. The reader may possibly think of Reynard and hin sour grapes in this connection, and smile at the thought, but we will not say that honast Harry thought of any such analogy. He thought of one thing, however, which effectually urged him on over the threshold of destiny, and that was — a lumi nous idea surely ! that by popping the ques tion to Ann Brodigan, and obtaining her consent, which, although no coxcomb, he counted upon with some degree of certainty — he should deprive the good people of his native town of the opportunity of laughing at his expense, as he had some reason to think they would if the supposition of Rose's possible engagement to Giacomo was once noised abroad. On these considerations, and as a sort of dernier ressort, Harry Cusack proposed for Miss Brodigan, senitr, and was accepted with the best grace possi ble under the circumstances. The' news of the elder sister's engagement had scarcely set Dame Rumour's many voices talking, when all Drogheda was as tounded by the still leas expected tidings that the younger was also ' engaged' to Mr. Tierman, a business connection of her father's, and a man who, in the ^ordin^ry , course of nature, might-have been her father f himself. This was the greatest puzzle of all for the gossips of the old borough, and any number of visitg were paid with the inten \- tion, whether expressed or understood, of \- discussing a piece of intelligence which was pretty generally set down aa ' strange — pass- i sing strange — wonderful.' At first it was ? doubted, but the publip doubt soon gave s place to pfitate and individual certainty ; when it became known that the day was ap ; pointed, the same day for both sisters, and s the wedding dresses actaally in course off preparation. Well, after that, the town* L people said, they should not wonder at any , thing ; about Harry Cusack and Ann they I would not so much mind, for after all, } Harry's attentions had been pretty fairly divided between her and Rose Aekland ; but , that Jane, the prettiest and youngest of ther i two, should consent to have Tierman, that . was almost incredible, and formed uc doubtedly a nine-day's wonder, the greatest l of the season. 1 What was known and talked of all over ' the town could not fail to reach the quiet dwelling of the Acklands ; indeed, Mr. Bro J digan himself came, in the joy of his heart, ! and with the usual singleness of purpose, to ! inform Miss Aekland, in virtue of their long: ! friendship, of the double marriage about to ] take place. Miss Aekland, in all her sin | cerity, offered her congratulations, and ; expressed no surprise whatever. The young * ; people barely waited till Mr. Brodigan was. ' gone to make their own comments on what ; they had heard. Maddalena, who had seeia ; Mr. Tierman more than once, said it was ' a , sad pity for so pretty a girl as Signora Jan© to marry a man so much older than herself; 1 she was sure the Signor Tierman was as old as her father.' \ ' And not half so good-looking,' put in; ' Giacomo. l 'No indeed, mia fratello, I do no think , him fine, at all, the Signor Tierman.'* : ? The ladies smiled and Giacomo laughed— ' ' You mean handsome, Maddalena.' She coloured as she looked from on© smiling face to the other. ' And was it not the same she said ? is not fine the same as good-looking ?' ' Not exactly the same, my dear,' said Miss Aekland, to whom she had addressed! herself; ' in your language it is, and also im ' the French, but in English the words have* two distinct meanings. We never use th© word fine in the way in which yom used it just now. You should have said * handsome' instead of * fine.' ' During this brief colloquy Giacomo said to Rose in an under tone — ' Can you guess-why the two Miss Brodigans, and Mr. Cuaacfej, too, have so taken the whole town by vox prise?' 'Not I — nor you, either, I think,' she replied in the same tone. 'In that you are mistaken, Rose,' he had taken to calling her ever since the day of the? visit to Mellifont; 'I think 1 can guess the reason.' ' And pray what is it?' Rose looked up at the moment, and read ing answer in his eyes, she coloured to- the temples and rose in some confusion, for the ostensible purpose of taking a book from She table, but in reality to hide her face from ob servation. It was quite remarkable how subdued sher had become all of a sudden, and how much less quick at repartee. Her aunt, during those clays, complimented her occasionally on her good behaviour, telling her that she be gan to have hopes of her, now that she \ras becoming more guarded in her speech, aad more reserved in her demeanour. The faintest possible smile might have been de* tected playing about Rose's mouth, and her dark eyes twinkled with something of their sportive mischief, but she seemed to take the compliment in perfect good faith, andjgrayely expressed her satisfaction that her aunt found her improving. The middle of October was past, and the trees wore almost bare, the foliage that had! been their beauty and their pride lay rotting in the dust, and the earth was gladsome no more. Cold -winds whistled through chinks and crannies, doors and windows creaked* and fireside pleasures were again in demand. Giacomo had not yet found another oppor tunity of returning home, and Maddalena'c fears grew every day stronger, especially aa they had not heard irom their father for over two weeks. Otherwise she was well content* and began to feel very much at home. It is true, her fears had not at all subsided in re gard to Captain Melville's ghost, and many a time she stole into the kitchen to have a talk with old Nancy on that solemn and mysteri ous subject, ^which had all the more attract tions for her simple, girlish mind because of its being so carefully excluded from tho general conversation of the family. It was one of those cold, gray evenings which the late autumn is wont to bring ; the little circle were seated around the fire be tween clay and dark, in that old back parlour so much endeared to Miss Aekland and Rose, and to Giacomo, too, by its swaet ftud tender associations. Rose had just left the pinso. after singing that beautiful ' Evening hvaio of the Calabrian shepherds i' Wim Acfa$Mbi repeated the first stans&a;, diswUtag «a, &efe; h f;'; .Wcbing beauty and the tender piety that ^';;/,fereatheB in every line— \\! i )'. ' ** ©arker and darker fall arotirrt)! . ? -'? The shadows froto tb© pine, .'?'; '?.?--. it ia the hour witn praise and prayer V To gather round thy shrine. V, to Hear Ob, sweet Mother, thou haat known' V)ur earthly hopes and fears, 'i. ., The bitterness of mortal toil, I The tenderness of tears,' ' \-- A knock was heard at the front door, and ? Nancy's slip-shod feet were heard m the \- ??'?'?''' hall as she went to open it. Eose, hoping it .;;.. might be Mr, Brodigan and some ol his ' family, opened the parlour-door a little way : and looked out, but drew back when she saw ? an the dim light a strange gentleman for whom Nancy had just opened the door, lne next moment Nancy was heard to utter a loud scream, and ran into the parlour at lull speed, and to the surprise of everyone caught Miss Ackland by the arm, and gasping ior breath, tried to speak but could not, her eyes ' starting from their sockets, fixed wildly on the door. 'Dear me, Nancy what is the- matter r said Miss Ackland; 'is there anything wrong?' (£b 1e continued.) :? ??? 