A MEMO R A BLE MURDER. ( From the Atlantic Monthly, May, 1875.) f Concluded. Where can she go ? Her litfclo dog, frightened iuto silence, follows her — pressing bo close to her feet that she falls over him more than once. Looking back she sees Louis has lit a lamp and is seokiug for her. She flies to the cove ; if she can but find his boat and row away in it and get help ? It is not there ; there is no boat in which she can get away. She' hears Karen's wild screams —he is killing her ! Oh where can she go r Is there any place on that little island where he will not find her ? She thinkB she will creep into one of the empty old houses by the water ; but no, she reflects, if I hide there, Hinge will bark and betray me the momenf Louis comes to look for me. And Ringe saved her life, for next day Louis's bloody tracks were found nil about those old build, ings where he had sought her. She flies, witl Karen's awful cries in her ears, away ovoi rocks and snow to the farthest limit she cat gain. The moon has set ; it is about twe o'clock in the morning, and oh, so cold I Shi shivers and shudders from head to feet, bu her agony of terror is so great she is hardly conscious of bodily sensation. And welcome ii the freezing snow, the jagged ice and irot rocks that tear her unprotected feet, tho bittei brine that beats against the shore, the wintei winds that make her shrink and tremble " they are not so unkind as man's ingratitude !' Falling often, rising, struggling on witl feverish haste, she makes her way to the ver; edge of the water ; down almost into the sei she creeps, between two rocks, upon her hands and knees, and crouches, face downward, with Ringe nestled close beneath her breast, not daring to move through the long hours that must pass before the sun will rise again. She is so near the ocean she oan almost reach the water with her hand. Had the wind breathed the least roughly ' the waves must have washed over her. There let us leave her and go back to Louis Wagner. Maren heard her sister Karen's shrieks as she fled. The poor girl had crept into an unoccupied room in a distant part of the house, striving to hide herself. He could not kill her with blows, blundering in the darkness, so he wound a handkerchief about her throat and strangled her. But now he seeks anxiously for Maren. Has she escaped ? What terror is in the thought ! Escaped, to toll the tale, to. accuse him as the murderer of her sisters. Hurriedly, with desperate anxiety, he seeks for her. His time is growing short; it was not in' his programme that this brave little creature should give him so much trouble ; ho had not calculated on resistance from these weak and helpless women. Already it was morning, soon it would be daylight. He could not find her in or near the house ; he went down to the empty and dilapidated houses about the cove, and sought her everywhere. What n picture ! The biood-stained butcher, with his dark face, crawling about those cellars, peer ing for that woman ! He dared not spend any more time ; he must go baok for tho money he hoped to find, his reward for this I All about the house he searches, in bureau drawers, in trunks and boxes : he finds fifteen dollars for bis night's work ! Several hundreds were lying between two sheets folded at the bottom of a drawer in which he looked. But he cannot stop for more thorough investigation ; a dreadful haste pursues him like a thousand fiends. He drags Anethe's stiffening body into- the house, and leaves it on the kitchen floor. If the thought crosses his mind to set fire to the house and burn up his two victims, he dares not do it: it will make a fatal bonfire to light his homeward way; besides, it is useless, for Maren has escaped to aoouse him, and the time presses so horribly ! But how cool a monster is he I After all this hard work he must have refreshment to support him in the long row baok to the land ; knife and fork, cup and plate, were found next morning on the table near where Anethe lay ; fragments of food which was not cooked in the house, but brought from Portsmouth, were scattered about. ' Tidy Maren had left neither dishes nor food when they went to bed. The handle of the tea-top which she had left on the stove was stained with blood. Can the human mind conceive of such hideous nonchalance ? Wag- ner sat down in that room and ate and drank! It is almost beyond belief ! Then he went to the well with a basin and towels, tried to wash off the blood, and left towels and basin in- the well:- He knows he must be gone ! It is certain death to linger. He takes his boat and rows away toward tho duTk coast and the twinkling lights ; it is for dear life, now I What powerful strokes send the small skiff rushing over the water ! There is no longer any moon, the night is far spent ; already the east changes, the stars fade; he rows like a madman to reach the laud, but a blush of morning is stealing upon tho sky and sunrise is rosy over shore and sea, when pant ing, trembling, weary, a creature accursed, a blot on tho face of the day, he lands at New castle — too late ! Too late I fn vain he casts the dory adrift ; she will not float away ; the flood tide bears her back to give her testimony against him, and afterward she is found at Jatl'rey's Point, near the ".Devil's Den," and the fact of her worn Lh.ole-pins noted. Wet, covered with ice from the spray which has flown from his eager oars, utterly exhausted, he creeps to a knoll and reconnoitres ; ho thinks ho is unobserved, and crawls on towards Portsmouth. 'But ho is seen and recognised by many persons, and his identity established be yond a doubt. He goes to the house of .Mathew Jonseu, where he has been living, steals up stairs, changes his clothes, and appears before the family, anxious, frightened, agitated, telling Jonseu ho never felt so badly in his life ; that ho has got into trouble and is afraid he shall be taken. He cannot eat at breakfast, says "farewell forever,'' goes away and is shaved, and takes the train to Boston, whore ho provides himself with new clothes, shoes, a complete outfit, but lingering, held bjr fate, he cannot fly, and before night the officer's hand is on his shoulder and lie is arrested. Meanwhile poor shuddering .Maren on tho lonely island by the water-side waits till the sun is high in heaven before she dares como I forth. She thinks he may be still on the I island. Shu said to me, " I thought ho must | be there dead or alive. I thought lie might go crazy and killhimselfafter having done all that." At last she steals out. The little dog frisks before her ; it is so cold her feet cling to the rocks and snow at every step, till tilts skin is fairly torn off. Still and frosty is the bright morning, the water lies smiling and sparkling, the hammers of the workmen building the new hotel at Star Island sound from the quiet air. Being on the side of Smutty Nose opposite Star, she waves her skirt, and screams to attract their attention ; thoy hear her, turn and look, see a woman waving a signal of distress, and, surprising to relate, turn tranquilly to their workagaiu. She realisesat last there is no hopo in that direction ; she must go round cowards Appledore in sight of tho dreadful house. Passing afar off she gives one swift glance toward it, terrified lest in the broad sunshine i she may see some horrid tokon of last night's i work ; but all was still and peaceful. She notices the curtains the three had left up when i they went to bed ; they are now drawn 1 down ; she knows whose hands has done this i and what it hides from tho light of day. Sick at heart, she makes her painful way to the i northern edge of Malaga, which is connected with Smutty-Nose by the old sea-wall. She is directly opposite Appledore and the little I cottage where abide her friend and country- > man, Jorge Edvardt Ingebertsen, and his . wife and children. Only a quarter of a mile i of the still ocean separates her from satfoy and \- comfort. She sees the children playing about i the door ; she calls and calls. Will no one ever > hear her ? Her torn feet torment her, she 3 is sore with blows and perishing with cold, t At last her voico reaches the ears of the j children, who run rnd tell their father that some 3 one is crying and calling ; looking across he i sees the poor little figure waving her arms r takes his dory and paddleB over, and with r amazement recognizes Maren in her night dress, with bare feet and streaming hair, with " a cruel bruise upon her face, with wild eyes a distracted, half- senseless with cold and terror Y He cries, "Maren, Maren, who has done this i „ what is it ? who is it ? " and her onlv auswei is " Louis, Louis,1 Louis ! " as he takes her on board his boat and rows home with her as fast as he can. From her incoherent state ment he learns what has happened. Leaving her in the care of his family, he comes over across the bill to the great house on Appledore. As I sit at ray desk I see him pass the window, and wonder why the old man comes 60 fast and anxiously through the heavy snow. Presently I see him going back again, ac companied by several of his own countrymen and others of our workmen, carrying guns. They are going to Smutty-Nose, and take arms, thinking it possible Wagner may yet be there. I call down-stairs. " What has happened?" and am answered, "Sorno trouble at Smutty-Nose ; wo hardly under stand." "Probably a drunken brawl of the reckless fishermen who may have landed there," I say to myself, and go on with my work. In another half hour I see the men returning, reinforced by others, coming fast and confusedly ; and suddenly a wail of anguish comes upon the women below. I cannot believe it when I hear them crying, " Karen is dead ! Anethe is dead 1 Louis Wagner has murdered them both ! '' I run out into the servants' quarters ; there are .all tho men assembled, on awe-striken crowd. Old Ingebertsen oomes forward and tells me the bare facts, and how Maren lies at his house, half crazy, suffering with her torn and frozen feet. Then the men are dispatched to search Appledore, to find if by any ohance the murderer might be concealed about tho plnce, and I go over to Maren to see if I can do any thing for her. I find the women and children with frightened faces at the little cottage ; as I go into the room where Maren lies , she catches my hands, crying, "Oh, I so glad to see you ! I so glad I save my life ! " and with her dry lips she tells me all the story as I told it here. Poor little creature, holding me with those wild, glittering, dilated eyes, she cannot tell me rapidly enough the whole horrible tale. On her cheek is yet the blow ho struck her with a chair, and she shows me two more upon her shoulder, and her torn feet. I go back for arnica with which to bathe them. What a mockery Beams to me the "jocund day" as I emerge into the sunshine, and looking across the space of blue, spark ling water, see the house wherein all that horror lies. Oh brightly shines the morning sun and glitters on the white sails of tho little vessel that comes dancing back from Portsmouth before the favouring wind, with the twb husbands on board ! How glad they are for the sweet moruing and the fair wind that brings them home again !- And Ivan sees in fanoy Anethe's face all beautiful with welcom ing smiles, and John knows how happy his good and faithful Maren will be to see him back again. Alas, how little they dream what lies before them 1 From Appledore they are i signaled !to come ashore, and Ivan and Mathew, landing, a confused rumour of trouble from c tongues that hardly cau framo the words that i must tell the dreadful truth. Ivau only t understands that something is wrong. His ; one thought is for Auethe ; be flies to luge- bertsen's cottage ; she may be there ; he rushes i in liko a maniac, crying, "Anethe, Anethe! Whore is Anethe r " and broken-hearted i Maren answers her brother, " Anethe is — at i home." He does not wait for another word but seizes tho little boat and lauds at- the same time with John on Smutty-Nose; with headlong haste they reach the house, other men accompanying them ; ah, there are blood-stains all about the snow ! Ivan is the first to burst opou the door and euter. What words can tell it ! There upon the floor, naked, stiff, and stark, is tho woman he idolizes, for whoso dear feet he could not make lifo's way smooth and pleasant enough — stone dead ! Dead — horribly butchered ! her bright hair stiff with blood, tho fair head that had so often rosled on his breast crushed, cloven, mungled, with the brutal axe ! Their eyes are blasted by tho intolerable sight : both John and Ivau stagger out and fall senseless in the snow. Poor Ivau ! his wife a thousand times 1 udorod, the dear girl ho brought from Norwa', the good sweet girl who loved him so, whom he could not cherish tenderly enough 1 And he was not there to protect her ! There was no one there to save her 1 " Did Heaven look on And would not take thoir purt ! " Poor follow, what had he done that fate should deal such a blow as this ! Dumb, blind with anguish, he made no sign. "What says tho body when thoy spriug Some monstrous torture-ongino's wholo Strength on it? No more says tho soul." Some of his pitying comrades lead him away, liko one stupefied, and take him back to Appledore. John knows his wife is safo. .though stricken with horror and consumed with' wrath, he is not paralyzed like poor Ivau, who has been smitten with worse than death. They find Karen's body in another part of tho house, covered with blows and black in the face, strangled. They find Louis's tracks — all the tokens of his disastrous presence — the contents of trunks nnd drawers scattered about in his hasty search for the money, and, all within tho house and without,, blood, blood everywhere. When I reach the cottage with the arnica for Maren, they have" returned from Smutty- Nose. John, her husband, is thero. Ho is a young man of tho true Norse typo, blue-eyed, fair-haired, tall and well-made, with handsome teeth and bronzed beard. Perhaps he is a little quiet and undemonstrative generally, but at this momeut lie. is superb, kindled Irom head to feet, a fire-brand of woo and wi'ath, with eyes that flash and cheeks that burn. I spark a few words to him — what word3 can moot such an occasion as this ! — and having given directions about tho uso of tho arnica, for Maren, I go away, for nothing more can be done for her, aud every comfort she needs is i hers. Tho outer room is full of men ; they i make way for me, and as I pass through I catch a glimpse of Ivan crouched with his i arms thrown round his knees and his head i bowed down between them, motionless, his attitude expressing such abandonment of despair as cannot be described. His whole 1 person seems to shrink, as if deprecating the i blow thnt has fallen upon him. All day the slaughtered women lie as thoy > were found, for nothing oan be touched till i the officers of the law have seen the whole. i And John goes bnck to Portsmouth to tell his , tale to the proper authorities. What a i different voyage from the one he had just \- taken, when happy, and careless he was re- l turning to the home he had left so full of , peace and comfort 1 What a- load he bears . back with him, as he makes his tedious way ? across the miles that separate him from the r means of vengeance he burns to reach 1 But at last he arrives, tells nis Btory, ine ponce at s other cities are at once telegraphed, and the s city marshal follows Wagner to Boston. At c eight o'clock that evening'comes the steamer e Mayflower to the Shoals, with all the officers r onboard. They land and make investigations t at Smutty-Noso, then come here to Appledore r aud examine Maren, and, when everything i3 1 done, steam back to Portsmouth, which thoy i reach at three o'clock in the morning. After c all are gone and his awful day's work is i done at last, poor John comes back to Maren, i and kneeling by the side of her bed, he is i utterly overpowered with what he has passed ' through ; ho is shaken with sobs as he cries, 1 " Oh, Maren, Maren, it is too much, too much ! < 1 cannot boar it!" And Maren throws her i arms about his neck, crying, " Oh, Johu, I John, don't ! I shall be crazy, I shall dio, if i you go on like thnt." Poor innocent, unhappy i people, who never wronged a follow creature i in their lives. ' < But Ivan — what is thoir anguish to his ! They dare not leave him alone lest he do him- self an iujury. Ho is perfectly mute aud list- i less ; he cauuot weep, he can neither eat nor sleep. He sits like one in a horrid dream, i "Oh, my poor, poor brother !" Maren cries in . tones of deepest grief, when I speak his name i to her next day. She herself cannot rest a moment till she hears that Louis is taken ; at every souud her crazed imagination fancies ho is coming back for her ; she is fairly beside herself with terror and anxiety ; but the night following that of the catastrophe brings us news that he his arrested, and there is stern rejoicing at the Shoals ; but no vengeance taken on him can bring back thoso unoffending lives, or restore that gentlo home. The-dead are properly cared for ; the blood is washed from Anethe's beautiful bright hair ; she is clothed in her wedding-dross, the blue dress in which she was married, poor child, that happy Christmas time in Norway, a little more than a year ago. They are carried across the sea to Portsmouth, the burial service is read over them, and they are hidden in the earth. After poor Ivan has seen the faces of bis wife and sister still and pale in their coffins, their ghastly wonnds con cealed as much as possible, flowers upon them- aud the priest praying over them, his trance of misery is broken, the grasp of despair is loosened a little about his heart. Yet' hardly does he notice whether the sun shiues or no, or care whether he lives or dies. Slowly his senses steady themselves from the effects of a shock that nearly destroyed him, and merciful time, with imperceptible touch, softens day by day the outlines of that picture at the memory of which he will never cease to shudder while he liveH. Louis Wagner was captured in Boston on the evening of the next day after bis atrociouB deed, and Friday morning, followed by a hooting mob, he was taken to the Eastern 1 depot. At every station along the route crowds were assembled, and there were fierce iries for vengeance. At tho depot in Ports- nouth a dense crowd of thousands of both i exes had gathered, who assailed him with ' i-ells and curses, and cries of "Tear him to Dieces !" It wns with difficulty he was at last safely imprisoned. Poor Maren wns taken to Portsmouth from Appledore on that day. The story of Wagner's day in Boston, like every ether detail of the affair, has been told by every newspaper in the country : his agitation and restlessness, noted by all who saw him ; bis curious, reckless talk. To one he Bays, " I have just killed two sailors;" to another, Jacob Toldtmau, into whoso shop ho goes to buy shoes, " I have seen a woman lie as still as that boot," and so on. When ho is caught he puts on a bold face and determines to brave it out ; denies overythiug with tears and virtuous indignation. Tho mon whom ho has so fearfully wronged are confronted- with him ; his attitude is one of injured innocence ; he surveys them more in sorrow than in nuger, while John is ou Gre with wrath aud iudignation, and hurls maledictions at him ; but Ivan, poor Ivan, hurt boyoud all hopo or help, is utterly mute ; he does not utter ouo word. Of what uso is it to curse the murderer of his wife ? It will not bring her back ; ho has no heart for cursing, he is too completely broken. Maren told me tho first time she was brought into Louis's presence, her heart leaped so fast she could hardly breathe. Sbo entered the room softly with her husband and Mathow Jonsou's daughter. Louis was whittling a stick. Ho looked up and saw her fnce, and the colour ebbed out of his, and .rushed back and stood iu one burning spot in his cheek, as he looked at her and she looked at him for a space, in sileuce. Then he drew about his evil miud tho detestable garment of. sanctimoniousness, and in sentimontal accents lie murmured, "I'm glad Jesus loves mo!" " The devil loves you !" cried John, with un compromising veracity. "I know it wasn't nice," said decorous Maren, "but John couldn't help it : it was too muoh to boar !" The next Saturday afternoon, when he was to be taken to Saco, hundreds of fishermon came to Portsmouth from all parts of -the coast, determined on his destruction, and there was a fearful scene in the quiet streets of that peaceful city when ho was being escorted to the train by tho police and various officers of justice. Two thousand people had assembled, and such a furious, yelling crowd was never seen or heard iu Portsmouth. The air was rent with cries for vengennce ; showers of bricks and stones were thrown from all directions, and wouuded several of tho officers who surrounded Waguor. His knees trembled under him, he shook like an aspen, and tho officers found it necessary to drag him along, tolling him ho must keep up if he would save his life. Except that they feared to injure tho innocent as well as the guilty, those men would have literally torn him to pieces. But at last he was put on board tho cars iu safety, and carried away to prison. His demeanor throughout the term of his confiuemeut, and during his trial and subsequent imprisonment, was a wonderful piece of acting. He really inspired peoplo with doubt as to his guilt. I make an extract from Tho Portsmouth Chronicle, dated March 13, 1873: "Wagner still retains his amazing sany Jroid, which is wonderful, even in a strong-nerved German. The sympathy of most of the visitors at his jail has certainly been won by his calmness and his general appearance, which is quite prepossessing." This little instance of his method of proceeding I must subjoin : A lady who had come to converse with him or the subject of his eternal salvation said, as she left him, "I hope you put your trust it the Lord," to which he sweetly answered, "1 always did, ma'am, and I always shall." A few weeks after all this happened, I sa by the wiudow one afteruoou, and, looking u from my work, I saw some one passing slowl) — a young man who seemed so thin, so pale ;o bent aBd ill, that I said, "Hero is some itranger who is so very sick, he is probably some to try the effect of the air, even thus larly." It was Ivan Christensen. I did not ecognise him. He dragged one foot after ;he other wearily, and walked with tho feeble notion of an old man. He entered the house ; lis errand was to ask for work. He could lot bear to go away from tho neighbourhood if the place where Anethe had lived and where they had been so happy, and he could aot bear to work at fishing on the south side if the island, within sight .cf that house, rhere was work enough for him hero ; a kind voice told him so, a kind hand was laid in his shoulder, and he was bidden come and welcome. The tears rushed into tho poor fellow's eyes, ho went hastily away, aud that night sent over his chest of tools — he was a carpenter by trade. Next day he took up his abode here and worked all summer. Every day I carefully observed him as I passed him by, regarding him with an inexpressible pity, of which he was perfectly unconscious, as he seemed to be of everything and every body. He never raised his head when he answered my " Good morning," or " Good evening, Ivan." Though I often wished to speak, I never said more to him, for ho seemed to me to be hurt too sorely to be touched by human hand. With his head sunk on his breast, and wearily dragging his limbs, he pushed the plane or drove the saw to and fro with a kind of dogged persistence, looking neither to the left nor right. Well might the weight of woo he carried bow him to tho earth ! By aud by he spoke, himself, to other members of the household, saying, with a patient sorrow, he believed it was to have been, it had so been ordered, else why did all things so play into Louis's hands ? All things were furnished him : the knowledge of the unprotected state of the women, a perfectly clear field in which to carry out his plans, just the right boat he wanted in which to make his voyage, fair tide, fair wind, calm sea, just moonlight enough ; eveu the axe with which to kill Anethe stood ready to his hand at the house door. Alas, it was to have been ! LaBt summer Ivan went back again to Norway — alone. Hardly is it probable that he will ever return to a land whose welcome to him fate made so horrible. His sister Maren and her husband still live blameless lives, with the little dog Ringe, in a new home they have made for themselves in Portsmouth, not far from the river-side; the merciful lapse of days and years takes them gently but surely away from the thought of that season of anguish ; and though they can never forget it all, they have grown resigned and quiet again. And on the island other Norwegians have settled, voioes of charming children stand sweetly in the solitude that echoed so awfully to the shrieks of Karen and Maren. But to the woirdness of the winter midnight something is added, a vision of two dim, reproachful sbadeB who watch while an agonised ghost prowls otornally about the dilapidated houses at the beach's edge, cioso by tho black, whisporing water, soaking for tho woman who hits escaped him — oscapod to briug upon him tho death lie deserves, whom ho never, never, never con find, though his distracted spirit may search till man ahull vanish from off tho earth, and tiino shall bo no more. Ceha 7 hinder. 