-SHWWHOST IN THE GLASS. .jCBxioUoiriD^ is.takes from Mr Whitsrorfch'a iCJi^ia.tmM «nd is, wa think, a fair ' \--".....-JIl SIIiJ ..ij> . - - • of which we took notice i^SBSffllMrs a !'Eome"years since, before comhxg to I -seas stationed in Hob'ari "TfiwiiV' If " you ^knciv Tasmania, you ... .^^^ememter tliat tlie main road from H-rtfluifcjplaoeifo Xiaunceston passes through "towiiship of fli^ii- • olclest in; the feoloay, d^SS^ffit^/pe^kbonrhood is studded "^th the rfesidenoes of many of the old : ii^snik^^i fsniflies. I had not boon in •Tasmariak Jon^'lMsfori) I fpmid o-at the • 4h<»pi}al3le—cliaracter -of the residents, ^ aiid. ainb^st ihy own people especially, I soon bccame an hononrcid grtest at i^ir^ifcuses. ,, 0^ have I 'oix^ipn to apeak than of a gentleman .namedvEearney, whose hospitality was •>amhound<^,«a&-whose house, whenever •-I-Siappene'd to be near Glenorchy, oi- O'BnenV . Biidge, I never emitted to call at. • "Mr 1 Kearney was a fine, stalwart man, 'of -about fifty years of age, a mdower^-with a 1 large family :of children, sons and daughters; one of the former and two • of the latter were married, audcat Jiome were two charm- Sng girls, and a boy, the youngest of -4her_..flojek. Another •unmarried son . was .managing a distant farm, and yet -. .another :«(\Killiain) was articled to a solicitor in ljaunGeston. • It is with the latter -that my story has most to do. . I must tell y®ii that I never iielievM in .supernatural visitants, ghosts; i as -they aTe generally called. I do not believe in .them •now, and yet, if ey'er a man iad reason to hare Jus .TEnbelief/slialtenj I am that man. •".One-Sunday, after mass, I found Mr-Eearney waiting for me onteide the churtii door, looking very serious, almost -distressed. 11a at once accosted me, and 4sked me, as s special favor, to to ride hame "With iiim in the afternoon, as. he hsd something -of grave moment to3tnpprt ito,me ;; he would not tell m« what,: thea^ but would -inform me when reached .hia-house, I obtained permission, f^om my" superior, and after dinner we rode away together.: During pur- -journey he seemed sad and preocoupieS, and although Xseveral times , attempted to draw.him into conversation, I could not succeed; so, by-and by^-vre both relapsed into a gloomy silence. As ; we neaTed the house, the sun was going down, »nd the night wind wailed . drearily ,-and, weirdly through the tall pines. JEyen the house, that I knew so well, seemed strangely dismal in the fading rlight, ..and although the windows shone redly in the last beams of the setting stm it was with a lurid and unearthly- glare,.a glare that almost caused J me to^Bhirer as - with a presentiment of 6omethingrevil. '•'.VJfo'Tacleinp to the stable yard, 1 gave our .horses to the lad, and entered the • house. All was silent, and our footfalls 1 echoed hollow in the large, dial hSL :-: Tnstead of going on into the family .:room, he drew me into a small apaHment 1 which he used as a kind of study %nd'btisiness room, for he was a JusticBjlof'the Peace, and carefully lock-; ingithe door,,he. bade.me be seated. - i'-Fither Kennedy,' said he, ' do you think Fiin-tnad?' . "'.'.MadJM echoed, in surprise, hardly knowing-how to reply, ^certainly not.* ' Either 1 am mad,' he said in a grave' tone,'''or there are things in Heaven and. earth that I never dreamed -«£, ..00.-yon • believe in supernatural WarniiigSy in—in ghosts V ''^'Ghosts,-' I replied, half inclined to iaug^SyHBi, • of uourse I don't. Why do yoa -Ask such » .nonsensical question?'' - ^ J Neither did I,'he answered,' ufliil yesterday.; yNow, either .I 1 am mad, ,or. iheroiareghosts, for I have seen one.' .- «' f FidiilestickB,' I replied, ' your liver is out tjf order, 1 man; take a blue pill and a .black draught, and you'll see no . more ghosts l'U warrant, for they can't «tand^hysic.' < > . " 3 'T l bxj)Scted you'd laugh at me,' he returned gravely, * and yet. as I'm vt Jifing jmapj I tell you l saw one yesterdavyiI>6aw©ne to-day5 were I to look: at^that glass ((pointing to a tambler on' tBe ,! s3.dbtablc), 2 should see one now.* '"'^A-hd^wy,* I asked, ' what shape did. .ibis Wonderful ghost assume; the . <K>nTentional °*ph'ite aheet and clanking -cirttins^ ^ Ffe heard of spiritB in a glass iinie, bad ones sometimes, hut -J neyer before of a gliost. Come, man, rbme yourself^ your's is a case for a a clerjman,' "' No,' he jeplied, shaking his head I never was in better health in my life. I have tried to laugh at myself. but it is of no avail. It is there, in every glass in the house; a fair woman with blue eyes, who; smiles at me, and then disappears. I have asked you to come in order that you my exorcise this beautiful fiend^ for fiend it is,- who comes to catch my sold.' "I looked at him ; lie was in sober earnest, and although the absurdity of the affair struck me, I could not avoid being impressed by what he said. '** Come,' I said at last, 'I belong to the family j let me try, I warrant it . won't appear to me.' I took up the glass from the sidetable, and looked straight at it. Ywa'knowj if you look, ata tnmbler, or a wine^Sss 'even;:you will see the reflection, of your face there, and, naturally enough, I expected to see that. ' " I saw—as I live, gentlemen., I saw —not my own face, but that of "a fair young woman of girl of about twenty, with rick gold-Ved hair, bound in massy plaits round her head, with deep violet eyes, with a mournful smile on. her. lips. I could even notice that she had a small scar, almost imperceptible, on her forehead, and a dimple in. the comer of her mouth. ' It was but for a moment, and then tie vision faded slowly out " I must have turned pale, for Mr Kearney noticed it, and said hutriedly, 'What 1 you, too; did.ghe appear to you ?' " To say that my heart did not beat with a strange flutter; to say that my voice was not unsteady 5 to say, in fact, that I was not frightened, would not be true; but still I did not believe, that it was anythificg supernaturaL I looked again. Again the same face, the same sad smile, fading away into indistinctness. It was strange. It was terrible. Was I then, too, a -victim, to this delusion? "Was it witchcraft? Was it a snare of the evil one? My breath came thick and fast, and I cried in trembling accents, Hctro, Satanas ! 4 Ezorciso te!' But it would riot be bidden away. Again I looked. Again it appeared. -- " What was it 3 Wlio knows 1 Mr Kearney could assign no reason- why it should appear to Mm or to tiie ) kn'ew no one it l'esenihled, had never seen the face before. I knew not what to think or say. I could only press on him the necessity for silence on the subject. "We talked the .matter over until time came for supper, ^liich old Molshee,. the housekeeper, brought for us into the study. Suddenly a bright idea strnek me. The old woman was one who. had seen two generations of the Kearneys. She had nursed, the ' Mas^her,' as she called him, in his infancy, having been assigned to his father years and years before he was born. She was as one of the family and she might. I thought, although m- her dotage, remember some "incident that might throw a light on the strange event. After supper, therefore, I went to her room, and found her sitting crooning before the fire, smoking a short black pipe. After a little talk, I said to her, 'The master's sorely troubled in his nnnd* Molshee.' "Ayah,' she mumbled, 'its always so, your riv'rence; there's some black, bitter sorrow brooding over this house, and well ould Molshee knows it. Three times did Oi hear the Benshee singing undker the windy as I lay m me bed lasht night. Och hone ! 'Tis the curse of the Colleen Suah is on these four " 'The Colleen Ricoh,' I exclaimed j' ' what do you mean 1 It's the image of a woman with red hail- that's haunting the master.' "Old Molshee rose from her seat, with a terrible look in her fierce black eyes, and, pointing her skinny, hand at me, said, almost in a scream,. ' Oh, iss; I knew it; it kem to me in the darkness of the night; I felt its cowld breath on my cheek, I felt its cowld hand on my heart. Oh, the sin and the sorrow. Will that blood never be washed away from off o' this door? Will it 1 £Tever, never.' " ' Woman', I cried, my nerves strung up to a pich of excitement, 'tell me what is it; what is this sin and sorrow you speak of?' "' Whist, whis^ your riv'rence,' she replied, sinking to her seat again, ' its a: thing must snot be spoken in ^this house; it's a tale of crime, of madness, of bittker hatkred, of black revenge. The Master doesn't know it, thd chilihar,' Heaven bechune thim and harrum, doesn't, musn't know it none knows it, but owld Molshee, and she carried the dark saeret in her breast this many a day. Oh, .father, it's a fearful thing, : -to.die with a saeret on your mind that lies like lead> that bums like vithrLol-'. '" Ease your mind to your, priest, Molshee, and it'll be better. for you, • both in this life and in the next/ I told .her, and -after a little more per-, sausion she told- me the story of- tlie, Colleen Ruah, "' I'm an-owld woman now, owldther; than you -think, maybe, Sir ; these few: scanty hairs is. white, that was once black .• as the raven, ayah 1 ayah ! It's not! owld age;done all that, but sorrow and throuble,. and crime. 15s sixty years; sence I was sint out here. Och, its the! fine woman an' the bowld woman I wasi thin. A year afther, Oi was assigned, "srid one more to Misther Kearney, the: ould man I mane, the masther's father.: -Best him, he was one of the rale stock,; from my.own country, too, but he was; a bad man,, a bad husband, a bad father.; Why would I spake of him? Sure bis; was the bread I ate for many a year.; He lived here, in .this very house, widi his wife; she was a fnrriner, a Spanish; woman, I've hard tell; she was onlder: than him, and there was no- childher.i That was the soreness bechune 'em.j The other woman assigned wid me .was; a rale beauty, only she . had the badj dbrop iv blood in her. She was young, 1 •not more than twinty, fair as a lily, and' wid red hair, not your common sandy,; bnt red, that looked like goold in the sunlight, and. like:dark ^copper in. thej shade.', bhe'd a skin -like milk,- and a smile on her tbat-'ud stale yer heart from you," but she was„Jiad, bad. 6ha was sint. out. for: stabbiu'.- a man wid her WAGGA WAGGA - M scissors, and ishe had -a mark on her forehead where she had been stabbed herself in a qnar'l wid some : other ; girL Shp was inoity -handy wid her needle, and soft «pokeu,'aud well mannered, and the misthress took a fancy to her aud had her as her own maid. " ' Well, the Masther set his eyes 011 her, and she, nothing backward, gev him encouragement. We all saw what was the matther, but we darn't spake, and ahd for all wo- kiKiw'd the Mistress niver seen it.. 01), bti't she did, though, and she only hid her jealousy, :"-nd made much of the girl until she got proof. Oh ! she was proud, and bitter jealous was the Misthiess. Proof keui soon enough. It was. at dinner, and the Masther Vi-as late,. I was . in the room and seen it all. It was this a way. Kate—that was her name—was standia' behind her -lady's cbair, whin the Mastber kem in, and the Misthress was just takin' up a glass of wine as he withered. He gev Kate a look, and she gev him a smile an' a flash o 1 the eyes in Jeturn that nobody saw. Oh yeB, though, my lady saw it plain enough in the glass she was holdin' up before her. She taid nothin', but, to look at, was kinder to Kale than ever. But the next day she sent her wid a note to the Stockade, and she kem back flogged. She had got three dozen, and no questions asked ; she had been sthripped to the waist, and; her beautiful white shoulders had been lashed by them brutes at the barracks. > ' We warc't sorry, for in them days we^wor liftle betther nor wild cats, ready to'tear ache other's , throats if tve got a chance. "' She was brought hack by two polis, forby she wouldn't fcome herself, and handcuffed and chained to alogin the stockyard until the Masther kem home. The Misthress said niver a word, bnt she sat in the verandah, gloating over her suffering. Ob, it was a,black heart was in her, the bitther hathred and rivinge of a faynjale fiend. " 'By and by the Masther kem from the fields, and the first thing he saw was bis light o' love chained up like a brute bastbe. Oh, the- rage he wint into, and the terrible words he spoke. He swore, by this and by that, that he would turn his. wife out -of--- doors, and that Kate should rule in her place. He tuk off •her irons wid his own hands, and sint oneo' the min down to O'Brien's Bridge for. Docthcr-Gallaghan, who was livin' there. 7 • " 1 But the Misthress only laughed and fru'mmed a French song.. Kate nirer said .a wordontil she was free, and thin wid her face white wid passion, and her eyes blazin' like live coals. Bhe said to the Masther: " 1 'Tis you have brought nie to tbis.; may my bitther corse be on -you and your's fur all time. As for yon, madam,' said she, turmn' to the Misthress,' I'll never lave you in pace; sleepin, or wakm' -I'll -be Wid you, by your pillow m the night, by your table in ttie day. It was by a glass you fonnd out my saeret, a glass shall be your baue and your curse to all eternity.: Amen ! amen I! amen J1 J' And with thim words she turned on her heel and walked away. The Masther folly'd her, and she waved him off, and wmt away to the women's quarthers, where the coachhouse is now. Oh ! she was a bowld girl intirely. But we mver seen her again alive, We all thought she locked herself up in her room, but at night we heerd a fearful schrame and commotion up at the house. Of coorse we couldn't tell what was the matther, seem' we war locked in our quarthers, but next mornin' we larnt that whin the Misthress, after a terrible quarrel wid the Masther, wmt to hei room, she found Kate -lyin"- in her bed. dead and cowld, stabbed to the heart by her own hand. "' The Misthress was a proud lady, high and mighty, and thratin' us like the dirt ondher her feet, but she never smiled afther. WJierever she wint the sperrit of Kate, the Colleen Ruah was at her elbow. In-the air, m the wathei-j in the sky, on the ground, in the foulds of her bedcurtains, and always smihn' at her in the glass. Och, it was terrible, terrible. My lady grew thinner and paler, and at the last she was tuk ill, lay Schramm' and screechin' day after day, imtil she died. " ' But the (Surse has clung to the house; and to the race ever sence, and although the owld; Masther never to wid,-a soul, barriil' meself, of the saeret, and none knows it; the Colleen Ruah with her smihn' face, always &p; pears in a glass to the head of the house, whinever anything is goin' to happen to any of the family. What it, may be now, I dunno; but .it's some thing—death, maybe, or disastker, Ohl wirra, wirra, for the dark day that's cofflin'. Heaven be bechune us and harm.' ••• " I was strangely impressed with the old woman's story. I had seen the Colleen Ruah myself. I had 110 doubt of that,- and although my better judgment told nie that 1 ought not. to trust m what I knew was an impossibility, and an absurdity, still- I could' not hut Relieve my own-eyes. • "But what was -to happen"? I knew; soon encugh, • for even then, while I was; .pondering the thing over, came the, batter of horse's hoofs up the gravel sweep, a loud peal at the door- hell, and: a messenger,. with the information that George Kearney, the younger soil, of whom I spoken, had .been killed by a' fall from his horse on the Priday after-: noon, the same; day .that Mr Kearney had.first seen the face in the glass. As; I said, I--did not, and do not, -believe in apparitions, but at- the same tame I must admit that, as .Shakspeare ^ays, ? There are more thmg3 in; -Heaven and Earth,. Horatio, than, ever you" dreamt of in your philosophy,' so I must .acknowledge, and sor must. you, that -there is something very strange about 'The Ghost in She- Glass.'" - •• . -•--;_ 