ISTKUCOLOXIAL. Tun following particulars of the reported gold j rush in the Glen ] lines district are from the Examiner of Wednesday last : -The town has, | for the past low days, been in a state of excite- ' tuciit owing to the report of a gold discovery at ? a place called Bntterleaf I'lat, about four miles | from the (jlcn Elgin head station. The infor mation wo have received may be considered re liable, as it has been given by a gentleman who lias inspected the ''round, and who is fully com petent to give an opinion. At the locality above-mentioned, live creeks run into the 11 it, and iu all the trucks goml (jru^iecU have been obtained ; and it is conjectured that the ilat contains a rich deposit of the precious metal, but as yet il is uu'.ried, and owing to the quan tity of water it cannot be easily tested. We understand that it is proposed to test 11 with boring rods, and the iv-itlt may probably lie known in Ilic .??ni;-c of a month. This is all that cm lie said aii.mt il at present. 'It X!:vi:i; Ji.uNs i-.i.-r it l'oti:s'--The M- \ lowing st«ny is related liy the Itallarat corre spnniieiit of tin: l't- I'm! '',-,-,/? .W-i-i .? — .Vlioul (.ighleen innutlis ago, a resident of this district, wild lioasu-d, and 1 believe truthfully, of the. fact of the Mile lilooi! of all old family cnll.ill throiigli his veins, mariied, aud left t.) sellii elsciviiere. At the lime the ceremony was per formed the genlli'inan iu qile-;i-u atliactcd jii.-i that small auiu.inl of n.ili.c iiMi.iliy nccoidc.l I., one who smile.) lines can .ili'unl t hrcepcum worth of beer for his Sundays dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a le» friends did assemble together, and wish all hap l.mcss to the nculv-wcddcd pair, who shoi i,h dipped away from us uii|ierceived, and nut misled. When 1 state that the wiie (a slr.iugli hereabouts) was as poor and Ulilviiown ;ts the man she knelt beside at the altar, I slnll Ii.im said all that need be said concerning a niariia.e of which few were aware, and ab Hit which ;v, many eared. Hard woikm another colon* ua lo the couple the only reward that seemed iikeli to mark the fullilment of a long and allectionatc engagement. Neither had to their knowledge k il li or kin on the face ol the earth, so placed strong reliance iu each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig o!' time brought about. In Aprillast, the husband was ' Wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm ? of solicitors, who then placed him iu possession of some riverside property lit London, the rent , roll of which mcan»a I tuleoveri'i:},oi il i, annually. - He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached his: told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple. The wile had .succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, £:»,U(M-, bequeathed to her by her natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, aud of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches she had i;ot the ghost of an idea.' Ex.TiiAonniNAUY Discovery. — An extraordi nary phenomenon has been witnessed at Uin borue (Xcw Zealand), which may not impro bably lead to some fresh discovery of the sub terranean wealth iu that mysterious district. The town of Gishnriie is situated on a flat, and there is, uufortuiiatcly lor the residents, an absence of a supply of water adequate at all times to the requirements of the township. Not so very long since borings were made iu the yard of Higgius' Hotel, Muknraka, to ascertain whether an artesian spring could not be struck. At one hundred feet there were no indications. The same at two hundred. It was proposed to try fifty feet more of boring. Still, tit this depth, no result followed. Perseverance will accomplish much. At two hundred and seventy feet water rose to the surface, and with the water came a stream (if gas, which was found to be continuous. The landlord of the hotel then, by way of experiment, partially sank a hogs head, with one cud out, over the bore, and made all tight. This done, a bole was cut into the top of the hogshead, into which a pipe was insorted, and carried along for many yards into the hotel. Here a burner was screwed on to the pipe ; the tap was turned on, when a flame was applied, and the gas ignited and burned with a steady light, as pure mid as bright as manu factured gas. It continued to burn dity and night, unless when turned off, when the gas accumulated in the hogshead. Whether the supply will continue or exhaust itself, or whether it can be permanently utilised, or whether it will lead to the discovery of coal, kerosine, or some bituminous or inflammable mineral, will probably be the subject of search. Such an occurrence as iRiiitable gus rixing from the earth is not altogether mi uncommon phe nomenon iu America— North und South but we are not aware that it Iiuh been observed before in this colony. The water which flows with the gas has a somewhat peculiar taste. It sparkles aficri he manner of midu water which has effervesced; bti; which, when shaken, con tinues tor some time afterwards to throw up small bubbles,-^. Z. MtroM 