Tricks At Night. t< Tarn oft tlio gns at the main, Ruth." Wo were standing in the drawing-room, bed candles in band, as Mr Dunn advanced to the top o£ the stairs and called this out after ringing the bell. Ho waited there until the answer came up again. Jenkins stepped back into the room, and . watched the cbnudelicr. The four lights bo- came dim, and then went gradually out, one after- tlio other. Upon that Mr Dunn turned the little tap of each safely oft, touched the foot of the ohnndolier, and 'sent it up as high as it would go towards the lofty ceiling. " 1 uevcr go to bed without knowing that the gas iB secure," lie observed to me nnd my husband, in explanation. " At half-past ten exactly it is put out at the main. We are ten minutes later to-night on acconnt of your being here." "The' liall lamp!— and the other lights in the liouso?" I asked, very much interested on the subject of the gas. " The hall lamp is always put out before I call; also the burners in MrMowbrny'sroom. Our servants have bceu witli us so long tboy are as methodical ns wo are ; everything goes on like clock- work." " Wo have been particular about the gas sincd an accident tlwt happened next door," said Mrs Dunn. " A poor little child was so much burnt that it died." " How was that ?" " It slept with the governess. A servant had lighted tho gas in the ropfe .hen the child went to bed, and left it.bhrttngt-wliick Wft&ati; unusjil thing to do n.ffio' .hoUso's in fact, against rule; bht ..jvvibter night was cold and the goom whs coul, nnd she did itfor the ehild'scbmfort. ;,When tho governess went to he(l,'jtho__ga»'- had been turned off at the main, consequently the room was in dnrkuess, and she knew nothing of its having bceu turned on " " And tho maid forgot it, oareless hnssy 1" interjaculated Mr Dunn. " Close upon this, tho servants, for some purpose of their own, surreptitiously turned tho gas on again. Towards morning the governess awoke, three-parts stifled with tho smell in tho chamber. She lighted a candle to see what it meant, nnd the escaped gas in tho rooom caught fire. The window was blown out, the bed- curtains took fire, nnd she and the child wcro badly burnt. The little onedied" " I should not turn the gas off at tho main at nil," said my husband. " Wouldn't yon, though I" cried Mr Dunn. "You'd have your servants burning it all night in their rooms for the sake of the warmth ; and a pretty expense that would be I Unwholesome, too. I dont like gas Inid on in bed-chambers, for my part. It is only on in one in this house ; and that's where you and Mrs Wyatt are going to Bleep. Somo invalid had occupied that room, I be lieve, during the former tenancy. Wo have nevor lighted it up." ''Just a moment, Mr Dunn, please." said I, as they were moving to tho door. " What do you mean by turning it off at tho main !" Mr Dunn stared at me through his spec tacles, amazed nt my ignorance. " Why, don't yon know ?" ho exclaimed. "When you turn the gas off at the main it nuts it off from all. the pipes in tho liouBe. You could not light nny of the burners ; there's no gas in the pipes, you understand, to light. You saw it die out in theso burners when I called out to the servants. It I was because Jenkins had turned it off at tho main." j " Wo will take you on a tour to tho lower regions to-moirow, Mrs Wyntt, and you shall see the apparatus," laughed Catherine Mass- inghnm, Mrs Dunn's sister. " It is in the coal-cellar." It was all very well to laugh at me — as I told Robert upstairs. But if they had lived for years and years out of the civilized world as we had, they might have been as ignorant as I. A stupid little continental Bcasido place, about a hundred years behind the time, where no gns was ever seen, save in tho streets nnd the large hotel, and perhaps in the long-room of tho custom houso. Busi ness had obliged Mr Wyatt to visit England, and ho brought mo with him, leaving tho children nt home. It was arranged that we should take tip quarters for the timo with our intimnto and life-long friends, the Dunns. They lived in a quiet street amid other lawyers, in tho heartof London. Tho house was of a very good size ; the rooms were large and lofty, but to my mind dingy. The entrance floor was tnken up with offices ; the kitchens were below ; the first floor con tained the drawing and dining-rooms, and above wero the bed-chambers. Our room was commodious and com fortable. Tho first thing I did when we got upstairs was to1 look for the gas- pipes. Thero they were, one on each sido of the largo window — two long iron pipes, with a joint in the middle, but no glass burn ers at tho end. They could bo pulled out straight to light up tho dressing table, or turned nt right angles or left doubled up flat against the wall. ' I'm glad of ono thing, Robert — thnt we have no gas to explode nt homo. I should live in drend all tho while wo are away of a letter arriving to say the houso and children were blown up." " Nonsense, Nelly I" "I'm sure I should. As Mr Dunn says, I'd never have gns laid on iu a bed-ohnmber," He was tugging at the strap of his port manteau, nud made no reply. I had my fascinated gnze on the pipes. ' Robert I" 'Well!" " I wish you'd just boo whethor these things will not light — ns they say. I don't half like sleeping with them in tho room." " You nro ns silly as your baby Nelly, that you've left nt home." Yes I know I am. Do try, Robert. Lifting himself up from the trunk ho came, half cross, half laughing. Turning tho little tap, ho lighted a match and tried. Noe there was no gas there to burn. "You soo, don't you, you stupid child I" " But I suppose, Robert, there's no surety that tho servants will not turn on the gns again if lliey want to — as was the ease with those servants in the next house." " I suppose not," said lie, equnbly, " Are ynu sure you've turned it back all right, Robert ?" " No I'vo left it all wrong — thnt we mny be blown up, you know, if the gas gets the chance to do it." ' Where's the use of jesting !" " I'd advise you to undress, Nelly, unless you wish to sit up all night, You must bo tired, I should think, after the delights of that precious boat. I know I am." I am particularly afraid of fire. And so would you be, perhaps, had you shaken hands with n friend in the morning, nnd hnd newB that be was burnt to death nt night. But, before that, oven when a child, I was always nfraid of; it, IVhethor it was that constitutional timidity manifesting itself or the excitement of being in old England once again, with these long pnrtcd from friends or their strong tea tnken Inte, or the strange bed, certain it was that t could not get to sleep. There was none of it in my eyes. I lay wide awake, and got nt last into a regu lar state of nervousness. Many a one knows what it is, Was that gas safo ? Had tlio servants re lighted it I Had Robert in his careless jest ing been sure he turned the tap? Did I not smell it ? Patting my head up nnd sniffing fifty times, putting it down nnd sniffing fifty more, I came to the conclusion thnt I did not. Would it not be ns well to sco that all was safe 1 Of course this idea, once ad mitted, had to bo noted upon. As I say, you probably know quite well what it is. Gliding out of bod so ns not to disturb Robert, I got to the dressing table nnd felt about for the match box. After overturn- ing n pink toilotte bottle, and pricking my hand with a sticking up pin, I found it. Striking a light, I pulled tho pipe forwards, turned the tap, and— - Good heavens I before the match had well touched it, a flnmo shot np amidst a fright ful hissing nnd fizzing, To say thnt I was startled would not be saying enough ; I was frightened ns I hnd hardly ever been fright ened in my life before. Though foolish enough to trv it, 1 hnd no more expected tlie gas would light, than I expected I nliould, "Robert I" I cried ranking ono bound to the bed.- " Robert I" Robert, the lightest Blooper in the world in general, only gave a grunt nud turned, " Robert, Robert !" I cried iu an agony. ' Wake up. The gns is alight." " What in tho world's tho matter with you Nelly ? Don't bother." ' Look at it flaring I . Wo shall both be burn't look nt it 1" " Can't you let a fellow lie still ?" ' The gas ? Robert, it's my fault Oh, get up I Look ' at tlio gas I" ' Well," snid he, in his lazy way. as ho took a good long look, it won't hurt. Makes the room light nnd jolly." He got out of bed though, nnd turned it pnrtinlly down, so that it no longer fizzed and hissed. I told him bow it all was , and ho called me the greatest goose that ever went cm legs. Then he snt down with a prolonged laugh. Which I resented. " I nm laughing nt Dunn," he said. ' Ho thinks lie lias got such trustworthy servants. I daresay they have a game at high jinks every night." " But, Robert, is thero danger !', " Danger I no. Seo I turn it off perfectly safe," he cried, getting up to tho pipe again. ' Yon mny go to sleep in pence. Half the London people keep the gas alight all night in tiieir houses. And don't you bo such a little simpleton again, Nelly. Getting into mischief like a restless ghost,- and then arousing a tired fellow from liis sleep to undo it." I can't say but I felt a littlo vexed at my- self : though I'wiis by no means' easy about tho gas. If this was a nightly occurrence wo might somo night find ourselves blown np, Bnt I got to sleep at Inst, "It will not be a pleasant task to unde ceive the Dtmns about their servants," I re marked to Robert in the morning while he wnsshaving. He turned round with the lather on Wb chin. " Sny nothing I It will not do, Nelly. Never interfere between friends mid their fceivants wherever yon may be." " But the dnnger, Robert I If — " II For goodness snko, don't bo childish," rotnrned he, in quito an angry tone. " I tell you there's no dnnger whatever ;nnd your own common sense might show you there's none. You are not going to walk in your sleep, I suppose and turn theso taps on." At brcnkfnst nothing was snid of our hot having slept perfectly well all night. Mr Dunn did not tnke tho meal with us, but came to say " Good morning." At hiB busy seasons and this was ono —be was up and at work before seven, and bad his breakfnst enrried in to him on n tray. His partner hnd been in ill health a long while and could not come to business, so thnt Mr Dunn had it all on bis shoulders. Robert went out directly ; and Mrs Dunn nnd her sister took me down stairs to see the house, ns promised, The offices on tho ground floor were two good rooms, Mr. D unp's particular room being the back one. At tho end of the passage) before descending, was a third room. It nppcarcd to have in it, amongst other things, a sofa-bed, n largo table on which stood a desk, an easy -chair and a red carpet. " That is Mr Mowbray's room," said Catherine Massinghnm, pushing the door wider open ns we passed it. 11 His bed and sitting-room combined.,' " Who isMr, Mowbray ? His name was not mentioned last evening." " He is the confidential clerk. You will see him on Sunday, when he alwava rt.w I awasrs i oleannlg knives nnd boots. Both were respectable looking, capable women of S i thirty years; quite too old to play, ® i Robert phrased It, nt high jinks in fv! j stealthy night, and let on the gns when the were supposed to be in bed. The maid J ' bed-room, large and convenient, was nn » passnge level with the kitchen. I hnd n idea they did not sleep up-stairs, and of course saw the facility they had for nlavini i tricks with the gas. ' 8 _ Thero was again some laughing about m® ignorance of gns mysteries, nnd Jenkins wan called to ahow mo tho working of what ovf i called the key— a great twisted iron handle ' which she put on and off at will, when the I ".main'' had to he turned or unturned Had it been to save my life, and in spite of i Robert's injunction, i could not help putting in a home questiqn as we stood there in the ' eoal cellar, with gallicred-up skirts, Jenkins twirling the key about, Ruth holdinu the lighted candle. g tlle " Do you never turn the gas on again nt ' night after it lias been turned oil ?" ' " Never," affirmed Jenkins, storing boldlv ' into my face while aho said it. « IVhi f should I. ma'am " Y i I could not say why— to her. Ruth a ' particularly neat person, with bine uvea i and a colour, put iu her word : j " It's mastei's rules to have nil eaalinhto < out at half-past ten. We should not think - mn'nm of going again 'em. ' The great story-tellers I " Do yon like your servants to Bleep down there ?" I asked of Mrs. Dunn, when we wero up-atairs again. " Yes, Why not ? (.To to continued.) ! 