APPARITIONS. Under 'this .lieadinn; the " Scientific American:. writes 'as follows : — " From time to 'time, as there ! was occasion, we have referred to the so-called revelations ot modern spiritualism, to tho discovery ' of gross impos ture in connection with, the same, and to the strango hallucinations in regard to this subject, which have overtaken even men who h«ve ;no . mean preten sions to the name of scientists. We have, just' seen a resume of the history and theories of supernatural appear ances and influences, in the second volume of the new edition of the Enoyolopoedia Britahnica, a work which is generally regarded as an un usually high authority. The articles' to which we refer traces the origin of and reason ", for superstitious (belief, considers the'l evidence of the reputed appearance ; of ghosts, and concludes wi h' the principal arguments for an against tho creed of the spiritualists. Tne writer of the article evidently considers the' strength of the argu ment, in favor of spiritualism, to consist in the charaoter of a few of its 8upportrrs,: men like Mr Wallace and Mr Grookes in England, and Robert - Dale Owen in America. Reference is made to the experience of Mr Crookes, who not only saw a spirit, but clasped it in his arms, and then demonstrated . its substantial existence;- and the conclusion to the whole matter is that spiritualism, even . if its. principles ore hot folly proven, is still a fair subject for scientific investigation, with a reasonable pre- sumptiop in its favor. We have referred, to this article in the Encyclo pedia Britannica because an opinion, such as that cited above, in a publica tion of Bueh high standing, is worthy of more than a parting notice. No matter how wonderfol the events that are related by the people who generally make up the congregation of (spiritualists, their revelations have little effect on any outside the circle of their immediate followers 5 hut let a man of some scientific attainments, and, more over, a member, of the Royal Society, add his testimony to the truth of these events, and we see that he may deceive even the very elect. It was generally understood when the last edition of Encyclopedia , Britannica was an nounced, that it was to ho scientific in the very best sense of the term, and, while giving due weight to popular beliefs and superstitions, that it would endeavor to sift away the chaff with whioh many of them are enveloped, and reveal their real character. We are to understand, ,then, from . the artiele under consideration, that such' investigations as have been" made by some of the more distinguished converts to spiritualism can properly he classed under the " head of ' scientific experi ments, whioh, while perhaps, not abso lutely conclusive; leave the' matter Bub judice. When we remember the character of the evidenoe on which all. the modern imiracles .depend, the diffi culty, if not impossibility, '. of making a thorough investigation with the faoili- tioe afforded of a secmoe, and tHe com plete ' exposure of all the notorious cases of' spiritual visiqns, our readers will probably venturo to doubt j whether the treatise on Aoparations" in the Encyloposdia Britannica either gives a dear under standing of the aetual facts connected with spiritualism, or represents, in any sense, the views of scientists generally in regard to the matter. No mention is made, for, instance, of the ex ; ppsure. of , the Katey King fraud m America, 'while the vision of this airy being, produced in England under the auspices of the somemediums, is given as one of the strong argu ments for allowing spiritualism to have a standing among scientific men. For our part, we can say that wo have never heard of any events at a spiritualistic" seance that at all approached tho movements of the wonderful Psycho, in London, whose rationale escaped detection for months, with exhibition in open , day, and with, apparently, every facility for investigation that could bo desired." 