WESLEY AN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The eleventh anniversary of the Wesley an Sabbath School was held last night, in the Church. The huilding was well filled, and the chair occupied by th-i Rev. M H. Parkinson. The proceedings having been opened with prayer and a congregational psalm, the Sunday school choir sung the Smday scholars service of sacred song entitled -'The Prodigal Son,' with consecutive readings rendered by the chairman. During the first interva' the reverend chairman read the report, which we publish below, and on another 'break'' addressed the audience on ?' Sibbith School work.'' The si-'gine by the choir showed that considerable practice had been undergone, as the service is of great length. Miss E. Walker1 accompanied the singing on .the harmonium. The evening was brought to a close with the hymn, ' Sun of my soul' and the benediction. Elevknth Annual Report op the Wes LEYAN SUKDAY-SCHOOL, MARYBOROUGH, lfi75. In offering this report we may s'ate that it resembles its forerunners ; owing to the fact that, in routine and organised work there is a simen^s. AH these reports fail to analyse and embody ( the spiritual power of S 'nday- school work A« in all efforts to do good, th«re is a combi nation of ioflupnes, so here they bl°nd in the church, the school, and the home. Hence onrs : is a common joy or a common sorrow. To a large degree Sunday-school effort i« the work of 'he husbandman who bre -ks up the ground and scatters the seeds of tru'h. 'One so^s: and another reaps.' Though 'he time of har- j vpst- is not come, be assured that it will come ; j 'for in due sea=on ye shall reap if ye faint j not.' These reports are to a great extent com- ! parative. The numbers on the books are — ! Teachers. 27 : scholars. 303. This shows an j increase for the year of 5 teachers and 51 j scho'ars. It is with thankfulness that sgain we have to record that dea'h has not entered the ranks of tbe teachers, and that only ten out of the 308 children have been removed to their hea ven 'y home. 'Even so. Father; for it seemeth good in Thy sight.' Analys:s of Scholars. Infants ? 116 Elementary ? 43 Scripture ? 118 Select ? ? ? 31 Average Attendance. Teachers— In the morning, 10.4 ; in the afternoon, 17.1 . Scholars — In the morning, 107.3; afternoon, 167.6. The average attendance of teachers is very low. -Although there are five more teachers now than last year, the average at'endance is une jrss. 1 iiks jaiijus; uu ma cuaracier sea the school for the last four years. In 1871, wit h one teacher less, the attendance for the day was thirty- three per cent higher. The prfsent quarter shows a good increase. Teachers, 12 in the morning and 20 in the afternoon. With an increase of 51 children the average attendance has only been two per cent higher than last year. This is explained by the long wet season, the unprecedented amount of sick ness, and the fa«:t that the increase in the school has been during the last few months. This quarter there has been 1 25 am. and 206 p.m. It is p'easing to note that the increase in the school is principally in the higher classes. For ' Any chasm between this insti* tution and the church will be fatal as a broken arch in a bridge ; through it our charge will drop into the flood.' Some of the scholars have joined the church, and we believe oihers are waiting in the porch. H-re we cannot, help noting that between the number of ? children in the school, and the number of parents attending the church, there is a sad disparity. We earnestly urge the parents to be examples to their children, and to remem ber that Sunday school influence ought never to take the place of home influence, but that both ought to be mutually helpful. LIBRARY. Our library report is brief. We have the same number of volumes as last year (700). At our last teachers' meeting it was resolved to spend £ ! 5 in the purchasing of new works for the library. During the past eleven mOnths the 81 6ub I scribe-s have ttken ou- 1342 volum-s. We are fullv psrs mded that the library is doing a va-t amount of good, and are resolved to in crease its usefulne-s. cash account. Dr. Balance frim last yar ? £1-0 1 Anniversary C'1 lection ? 6 10 3 Rooks sold ? ? ? 6 17 8 Library subscriptions, &c...; 8 9 1 £25 17 3 rr. Cash paid for Bonk«. Tickets, &' ? ? ? £16 4 5 Advertising, hinding, stamps. &c; ? 2 8 0 ? Balance in hand ? ? 7 4 10 £25 17 3 Resides the above,' there have been collected for the extinction of debt on the chu'ch £3 5d. and for Rome Missions £lls 3s Id. This year, instead of sending out. the chil dren to collect for the annual school frjat. the choir rendered the s-Tvice of sacred song (The Pilgrim's Progress ).»which realized £17 6s 6d, thu- defraying the exnens^s of the treat. We hope to be able to as-i-t in forming two new schools in this circuit, the one at Mr. jacKson s. ana tne otner at. 1 iwanyilla ljiora rie* in connection with both will be invaluable. Now that the day school education is rightly ns=umingr secular aspects, the Sunday Ssbool iq more than over e«enthl for importing to the young a knowledge of Scripture history, of the vital tru'hs of the Bi'ile, and the life, the work, and person of the Saviour. In our day, in which so much is low in popular amusements, enervating in popular literature, false in pub'ic sentiment, and demoralizing in drinking and Sabb ith breaking, tbe words of Jesus come with power to all who love the L ird. *« Feed my lambs.' while the words of Paul are peculiarly applicable— ' Whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever thirgs a e j st, whatsoever thines are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, what soever thines are of good report, whatever virtue, whatever praise there is, think of these thines.' Wnile werejoicein the numerical and finan cial prosperity in our school, year after year, we profoundly f^el the absolute necessity of the crowning power of the Holy Ghost. In the presence of tbe small visible spiritual re sults. and the now hopeful prospects, we earnes'ly and solemnly urge all the parents, the teachers, and the fri'*nds, to renew their ^onsecration to Christ, and the Christ-like work of saving the young, and wi'h quenchless ferrourto pray for their conversion, as Knox, when he pleaded ' give me Scotland, or I die.' If the Church, the teachers, and the parents be united in this work, then this year the voung '? shall spiing up as among the grass — as willows by the water-conrses.' ' One shall say I am the Lords. And another shall callhimself by the name of Jacob : And another shall subscribe with his band unto tbe Lord, And surname himself by the name of Israel' 'Thy people shall be willing in the day of tbypower— in tlie beauties of holiness. From the dawn of the morning, thou hast the dew of thy youth.' 