COAL It is singular to find what a power there is in prejudice. Once give a dog a bad name,- and he will never get rid of it, Victoria has been set down as non- carboniferous, and the result is that everyone swears we have no coal, and consequently mu«t depend upon the other polonies for a supply of the most valuable ' of all p'roduats of the mine." New , South Wales reaps a rich harvest from coal, Victoria being her best customer. Victorian money has built Newcastle, and made her what she is. New Zealand, Queens land, and the other colonies are going in strongly- for the development of their carboniferous deposits, and each looks to Victoria for the supply of. the needful wherewith to prospect, as also the cus tom whan- the prospecting has borne fruit. "We have ourselves done a little in the prospecting way ; we even went so far as :to send for a party by the name of Mackenzie to prophesy to us .whether there was eoal in our midst. Tt wpg quite the reverse of Barak aDd Balaam, we sent for him to bless us and he did the reverse, According to bis dicte, and 'that of several other- ser vants, there is not the ghost of a ohanoe of our obtaining coal in sufficient quantities here. We may get a stringer or two, . a vein about the thickness of. a needle, with adamantine rock on .each side, but nothing more. Our coal will cost more to raise than our u old, and has not some eminent freetrader pronounced that goid costs more to raise than its value,' and so is a losing business ? But as some observed, facts are facts. We. find that in faoe of all these utterances a quiet unobtrusive company has been developing a coal mine down at Western Port, and that already they have placed some 3000 tons of excellent coal in the market, eoal pronounced to be equal, if not superior, to the article from Newcastle. This surely ought to stagger those who say there is no pay able coal -in the colony. The seam is at least 2ft 7in thick, and widens out. Another oompany is starting in Gipps Land, with reasonable prospects of suc cess. It need hardly be pointed out that it is of the utmost importance that we should develop our carboniferous re sources, if we .have any, for upon coal depends our success as a manufacturing . community. Already tho cry comes from manu facturers, mine proprietors, and the like, that fuel is running short, and it is plain the quesrion of fuel supply will soon assume vast importance. The working of a good coal mine in the coleny will have an immense effeot on the prioo of the article — competition ever lowering prices. Wo believe that already the working ef the company we men lion b'as had some effect in this this direction. " What is needed is ' general support to any' undertaking of the kind, cordial monetary snppsrt. After all, the utterances of the 'geologi cal savants have not been happy as re gards this colony, and we need not fear to persevere in spite of them. Some years ego they were confident enough not n speck of gold would be found below 3 00ft, now wa have mines on rich quartz, 70dft to 800ft down. At all events let us try to get eoal, since the development of good coal mines would mean a high state of prosperity. It seems we have the desired article in our midst, and wo will indeed be shortsighted if we do not give every encouragement to those who aro trying to develop our resources of this kind. bnkakkast.— Erra'a Oocoa.— -UiuTsreL and Comfoiitiho. — "By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern tho operations of digos. tion and nutrition, nnd by a careful application of tho fine properties of woll-Hciocted cocoa, Mr. Kppi has providod ouV breakfast tables; with a delicately flavored beverage which may save us many hoavy doctors' bills. "—Civil Service Gazette. Mado Biiuply with boiling water or milk. K.ooh packet is lnliolled— " James Errs and Co.. Homeopathic Chemists, London." Manuvaoiuhe or Coooa,— " Wo will now glvo an account of tho process adopted by Mt-wi, J s Epps and Co., manufacturer!) of diatia o lea, at their works in the Buston road, Lan d See 'If in Caaielt'a Household Guide. 