COUNTRY NEWS. The Hamilton Spectator of Wednesday says -" By yesterday s Ballarat coach were forwarded to Hamilton two cans of perch and trout fry consigned to Mr. S. P. Winter, of Murndal, and intended to be placed in the fine ponds on his estate A few were also to be deposited in the Wannon. We regret to state, however, that, from ignorance of its contents, the package was placed on the rack of the coach without anybody to look after the replenishing of the water, and the consequence was that the whole of the table were found dead on the arrival of the coach at Hamilton. The fish placed in the Waunoti by Mr Brayshay about three years ago are occasionally heard of, and it has been mentioned to us that some of the specimens have gone is high as three or four pounds weight." " A most peculiar accident happened to a blind man," the Geelong Advertiser states, on Wednesday evening, about half-past 6. A team of bullocks was being driven along Hyne street without a waggon behind them, when the blind man, who was crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra Street, and feeling his way with a long stick, came into contact with them, falling across the chain between the centre pairs The bad loch a, startled with finding a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the front ones kicking out at the unfortunate fellow as he clung tenaciously to the chain, and the two behind Deemed inclined to let him feel their own, 'interest of the team being alarmed at the commotion also took (right the whole of them rushing up Yarra street, dragging the blind man along with them, who apparently was receiving blow after blow from the excited quadrupeds' heels. When opposite the Wesley an Paraonago the diner, after using his utmost endeavours. Min ceded in bringing the bullocks to a standstill, and the blind man was jerked off the chain and thrown in a heap on the footpath. Strange to say he did not appear to be any way hurt or disconcerted at his unprecendented escape, his only anxiety being that he would not lose his Back. His clothes however, were considerably torn through being dragged along the ground " The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the PkaMiit Cictl Nats "About 18 months ago a resident of this district who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford threepenny worth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot However, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from his un perceived, and not missed When 1 state the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was oh poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of along and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, be placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought about In April last the husband was 'wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some river side property in London, the rent roll of which nieniiBahttloover£li000 annually. He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him The mail which reached. Sydney last told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple The wife had succceded not to a title, but to what is better, 5000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts, and as events have proved riches, he had not the ghost of an idea." I 