AN EXTRAORDINARY IRISH GHOST. The Belfast Newsletter contains a long account of the doings of a ghost at Cookstown, who Scouts to claim affinity with the pestilent mysterious stone- throwing of Clerkenwell, London. The Cookstown visitant proceeds with his work of destruction as vigorously as ever, setting at defiance all efforts to discover the cause. A slight russia is heard in the sitting rooms, and it is discovered that a pair of window curtains is destroyed, as if a handful had been torn from the middle of each. A hat is laid down, and in a few minutes it is found with the brim cut through to the band, and torn away on each side. A pair of boots is missing, and discovered in the garden backed into pieces. The natural consequence of the continuance of this miserable business is that people seem to be relapsing into old superstitious notions of a hundred years ago. Old ghost stories that used to entertain our grand- fathers when they were children are revived and circulated, and children and from the deepening gloom of the evening and take up their stations in the chimney corner. 2 The ghost, the correspondent says, bids fair to hold its present local strictly in accordance with the terms of its first announcement namely for the space of a year and a day. By the way, this notice was affixed to the door of its inhabitation for the time being, and consisted of a sheet of paper, on which the hand writing bore unmistakeable resemblance to the caligraphy ordinarily done by mi expert human hand. Shortly after the appearance of this information, it would seem as if it had changed its ghostly mind, as a similar scrap of paper fastened on the door of a house nearer the centre of the town, conveyed the dismal tidings to the terrified occupants that it purposed taking up its quarters with them, but up to the present time the promise has not been redeemed. No doubt it will keep its word, and when cast abroad upon the world from its present abode will hold them in dutiful remembrance. A few days ago a circumstance, or, to speak in spiritualistic language, u manifestation occurred, which some imagine confuses the idea of a ghost altogether. Awearingcoatand a pair of boots were locked up for the night to make certain of their perfect safety for the next day's use, so far as lock and key could guarantee it, When produced in the morning and examined no marks of their having been tampered with were apparent. The owner, as any other person would do, I presume, tlmugUtlesaly laid one of his boots by his side on the floor while he drew the other on lo when he lifted it again the upper part was cut away. The coat had been thrown on a chair to wait its turn, but when taken up was found to be minus a sleeve. The inference from this is that so long as anything in well secured it is out of danger, or when it is out of the reach of human hands the ghost does not hurt it I 