j OIJÎC ägBiiq) ifflortting #eralö. j SATURDAY, APRIL 10. 1875. j j Ix the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, . , j Ministers,' in answer to questions, said : 1. Tjiat it was not the present intention of the Government to make any provision for the extension ot the railway from any point of the Great Northern lino to' Nar- rabri, nevertheless, Mr. LACKEY desired to say that the matter referred to should receive the early con- sideration of the Government. 2. That (regardinii Mr. Haw den's .questions relative to expenditure from Loan Funds) Mr. W. FOUSTEK hoped the member on whose behalf these questions were asked, would not consider he waa being treated with any disrespect when it was suggested to him that it would be better to obtain, with the consent of the House,. a return giving the information asked. The answer to th.. questions asked would involve very voluminous statements- and entail considerable expense. : Mr. >V. Forster . did not see any objection to tlie information being given, nor' did he think that , ,the' Government would object; ;but, in view-of'the large expense incurred, he did think it would be better for the information! asked for to be given in the shape of a return by a resolution of the House. 3. That tke present situ at' Dawes Point for the Volunteer Artillery drill Bheda ' had been fixed by the Commandant, who had found it the only available one. The officer commanding the Artillery did not approve of it. 4-. That the Tepon of the trustees of the Australian Museum would be laid on tho table directly. Mr. "ROHEUTSON laid on the table of the House', copies, of laws of the municipality of Newtown, and the re- port of the trustees of the Australian Museum., These papers were ordered to be printed. ¡ . V Mr. NKI.ÍOK brought in a bill to regulate Ute regis- tration and keeping of dogs,-and on the motion of that hon. member the bill was read a tirst time, ita second reading being appointed for that, day fortnight. On the motion of Mr. NELSON the House went into committee for consideration of the propriety of bringing in a bill to amend Mid .consolidate the "laws relating to aliens. Mi. Nelson .explained that .what he desired was to have the law affecting alien« exactly assimilated to that of the mother country. A resolu- tion was proposed, and agreed to in committee, affirming the propriety of bringing in such u bill, and the resolution was reported to the House, and adopted. , The adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Xelsoii relative to the abolition of the duty on gold was called on ; but the order waa discharged, on the motion pf Mr: NELSON, on the ground that the Government had proposed to abolish the above duty. - Un the motion of Mr. TERHY, seconded by Captain ONSLOW, the House went into Committee ¡of the Whole, for considering .the propriety of presenting an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the Estimates for the present year a sum not exceeding X3QO, for the. purpose of enabling the Crown to be represented on the hearing of the appeal in : the'case Joachim v. O'shanassy, now before the Privy Council, and the decision in which will decide the question. aa; to. the .legality qi the conditional purchases 'whioh have been made by infants or minors under ' the Crown -Tiinds Aliénation act of 1861. -""na ouureauBu tue committee. He con. Jidered any delay in such a very important matter to be inoBt undesirable. The Government were clears identified with Joachim, and they were therefor* bound to uphold his individual interest in this caa» Hie hon. member went into a discussion of the stat* menta of the facts of the whole case, as shown liv Hil papers betöre the House. 3 K Mr. S. C. BnowN said that all the arguments of the hon member for Carcoar did not touch the case . that 1 arhament ought not to intervene in the way hera proposed, between any parties engaged in litieation It was, moreover, perfectly evident that?V GoveT ment, as a third party, could not be represented in the appeal. It waa a significant fact that the Attor ney- OeneralhadnotadviBedtheoourae the Govern ment appeared to have decided upon. The question decided by this appeal would be simply a question of dry law. : Mr. MONTACIUH desired, as a new member, to rive his views on the question, which were totally opposed to those expressed by the member for Carcoar His experience was opposed to thot of Mr. Meyer, 'and he believed the interests of pastoral tenants of the Crown to be quite as much concerned in the support of this appeal as those of free selectors. Mr. FAHNBLL said the only question before the committee was, not the merits of the case, but the regularity of the course proposed to be pursued. No third party could be represented by counsel in thia case, ss now proposed ; and as to having a barrister to watch the case and take notes, that would be utterly fruitless. Aa a Minister he had done nothing more or leas than his duty in the action he had taken as regarded the free selections of the Joachims. Their case, as free selectors; had been one that would not n any way, hold water. He was quite prepared to ustify all that he, as the late Minister for L.arirjs, had done in this case., Mr, "Wiiieut did not wish it to be supposed that he ww taking part on either one or other of the two sides of the House, but, on the contrary, desired only to express his own individual opinion. Looking at the common sense aspect of the whole affair, however he could not but feel that it was not Joachim's case that waa being supported, but a sustaining of the cause of the public at large committed tb the Government. He dissented from the conclusions of the late Minister for Lands in regard to the free selections by the Joachims. He should vote for the £300, and only regretted it was not for a larger sum, considering the important interests at stake. * Mr. KOBEUTSON defended the action of the ex- isting Government regarding the minute before the House from the animadversions ef the hon. member for St. Leonards. The Attorney-General waa now away in the country, engaged in his official duties and his time up to the day he went away had been incessantly occupied. This was why he had given the Government no official opinion on this particular subject. The Government had nothing to do with the bringing forward of this matter by the hon. member for the Western Gold-fields. The hon. member proceeded, at some length, to deal with the whole question raised by what was before the com- mittee, and relied «pon the common sense and justice of t!-ie British law. He could not understand why the late Minister for Lands was prepared to stand by. and not see those two free selections of the Joachims that were not declared forfeited fairly and impartially dealt with and upheld in their right according to law. No lawyer in this country had ever ventured to say that under the law minors could not free «elect. Every Crown Law officer in Administrations formed (.ince the Land Act had p&sseed; had stood by and sanctioned such free selections. All that he wanted to see was what was the law of thc land as to the question which had been raised. Mr. PARKES animadverted on the lajiguagVof the speech of the Premier, which he characterised ai frört from the main question, and calculated to mislead!. The motion before the committee had assumed it« ?aejiect from the manipulation of one of the Ministers of the Crown. No such interference as proposed'couid be permitted, because no third party could be allowed. The Government could not take part in such aa appeal, without taking one side or the other in thi- sisit ; and they could not take such side.without in- famy. It was not for the Government te-'alep in.-in any such case. If the law was found to.be*'defective, on appeal to the highest Court in the Empire, the only power that could set any wrong right, was the Parlia- ment of this country. The Government should shrink from the very appearance of such an interference. Mr. A. STUAUT thought they ought to endeavour to dissever this question from the angry personalities ti» which the earlier stages of the discussion had unfor- tunately given occasion; But the whole thing had ultimately been resolved into the question of an ap- peal to law on the right of minors to free select. The Privy Council had declared thia case of Joachim v. O'shanassy to be a matter of extreme importance to tliis colony, and their decision on the appeal had thus become something very different from the decision of a case between two ordinary litigants. He had no sympathy whatever with the Joachims, but he was, favourable to the proposed address. None were more interested in the determining of the question of free selection by minors than the squatters themselves.* He should therefore vote for the resolution, ' unless it were withdrawn, and the determination of this matter, prematurely raised, thus lett untrammelled in the hand» of the Government. Mr. GKBVILLE also regretted that the matter should have been brought forward by the member for the Weatern Gild-fields instead of leaving it in the hands of the Government. He criticised the coursé tsken by several hon. members in the debate, and drew attention to thc fact that the simple point at issue wai the determination of the question as to- free selec- tion by minors. He should vote for the £300 for the protection of the interests of the minors who had free selected. The Government had taken the money of these people, and the Legislature was bound to uphold the rights so recognised and conferred. Mr. PiDMNOTON said it appeared to him that the foi feiture of four of the free selections of the Joachims hy the late Minister for . Lands, had very properly been stated by that member, in consequence1 of the remarks of the hon. member for Carcoar; and what' the member for St.' Leonards had so done had, it seemed, been approved ot even by the hon. member at the head of the Government. He contended that tlie opinion of the Crown Solicitor wá» advene to free selection by minors, and in proof of hiB assertion reid ariel.', commented oh Mr. Williams' legal opinions, ijiven in 1SC2 and in 1SÇ9. . He should giye'the resolu tio.u his most strenuous opposition. . Mr. STBVHNS would be glad to seethe Privy Council upset'the decision of the Supreme Court. Mr. 1-'. Sunnit gave his reaaons. for intending to vote against the resolution. Mr. MACINTOSH should vote for the resolution. The matter would again come before them for decision. Mr. H.- C. DANGAI1. intended,to vote against it, not being able to see how the Crown could bo represented without being identified with thc interests of Joaobim. Mr. W. FousiBU defended the Government front the criticisms of some of the members who had spoken against the motion introduced by the member for the Western' Gold-fields. He should prefer-that the Government should be left to themselves,to deal with the question... . . ...-'7. ' The question was put and carried oh-division, by a majority of 10 to 17. - ?. .> . ! ?' ' ' The resolution was reported to the House. On the motion of Mr. S. C. BitowK the reception of the résolution of the Committee bf the Whole on the claims againat the Crown Bill was received, read twice, and agreed to. > , The House adjourned at half-past U^until Tuesday next, nt 4 p.m. ' ... - "W HAT Mr. FOBBU'KK said in his Budget speech about tea and 'salt as articles respectively suit- able and unsuitable for taxation, seems to have been said rather by way oí illustrating principles than for the purpose of foreshadowing any detail of the future policy of the Government. The same remark applies to his'observations about tonnage dues compared with specific duties as á source of revenue. But though his meaning may not be misapprehended in this matter so much as it was in the case of the duties on tea and salt, the comparison he made is not unworthy of examination. In point of fact, thfi collection of tonnage dues at the ports of Newcastle, Kiama, and Wollongong was a matter that did not form part of' the ordinary Customs law of the colony. Those dues were levied under special Acts, in order to provide the means of paying the intei«»¡¡ on moneys borrowed for local harbour«5Saprav»ments. In . the case of Newcastle, they had yielded so much as to have repaid .', both principal and interest; and they were abolished bs cause the special reasons why they were originally levied had passed away. : In the case , of Kiama and Wollongong .they had yielded 8o,;little ihat.ithiey;were clearly hardly worth collecting, and 'they wer» abolished, \- . Ihnt eround and partly for the jffíeSSiiSg uniformity 'of policy !'-Adifferent ports of the colony. 80 ?f Ï tS abolition lessened the charges " «aséis entering the ports in B^nil»«TtendedofcouT»e to make the trade Sf SÄ "lore free ; but the measure was ? tïntially a patt of a free trade policy. It. ÄS forPthe very reason that it made . Kde of the three ports more free, a mea- ; e reireintôord with free trade than with; . »...inn »nd certainly could not lessen, if it ¡ CÍ^¿ »he.ütle of thelatej wXlo credit for restoring: or promoting¡ free trade policy in the colony. ! Hut Mr. FOBSTEB holds that tonnage dues «e h. their character far more consistent with; "i b.de principle's than, any sort of specific ST un be. What is meant here by Slade principles?' Mr.. FOOT'S , ex-' 5anaüQn.:seems;tp.ignpre ^ordinary. mean-, "the term, the'meaning «ssigned to it "vhf . ordinary ..«»ter» and speakers Lri-thc' ouestion-by- practical states Set**' The ¡principies of free trade, are "fdinaiily^hdetstobd to'be principles diameU Si'-opposed- to the theory of protection. Sotecliok employs the Custom-house for the Surpose of encouraging local producion, H rbeckine the importation of articles that .can be ^SS-«^ ^{Tn Tre\trat < Tfiduce's to the lowest point all Custom- hodse Ínteríeunco with the Importation of articles producible more cheaply elsewhere, .but does ¿ot necessarily-discourage the raising of revenue by duties on articles not locally; producible. The first principle of free ?trade is that Customs duties shall be levied for the purpose of raising revenue, not for the purpose of affording protection. The second principle is, that Customs duties, coir lected for revenue purposes, shall be so adjusted and BO collected as . to reduce the obstruction, annoyance, and loss incidental to their collect tion to the lowest 'poiht. possible. Mr. Fpitsj 3EB looks to this secondary principle ex elusively, and overlooks the primary - one. He endeavours to show that if .the same revenue could be collected by toanage dues as hy specific duties the annoyance and obstruction attendant upon its collection would be greatly diminished; That is a point that has to be proved. But even if it were proved, how far would it go'to show that ton; sage dues are more consistent than specific duties with free trade principles in their pri- mary aspects ? *."' .*'.*.'" . ! A fiee trade tariff must, in accordance with the foregoing definition, be discriminating. ( It distinguishes Wtween' those' articles which are produced br producible in the country, ana ihose.which are np.t.' '. It mustio distinguish in order to exempt" from taxation those article's ?whicb. upbtt free-tradé principles, ought not tb Jbe taxed., :;But ¡the essential characteristic of a system.of tonnage .dues .would be its non : discriminating character.. Instead 'of directly faring'-'the goods imported it would tax. the 'snip'''that carried them; But the tax, accatditó to . Mn FOBSTEB'B own theory, "would.ultimately fall upon the cargo; arid ihui,'articles of' ¡both: classes, producible and non- proffSjible ia the country, would be ¡madé liable- to its incidence. It would fall ?altke'upon articles that free trade would tax, and upon others'that free - trade would exempt from taxation ; and'so far as" the latter were concerned its operation in the case of bulky goods might be-heavily protective. How could auch a system be -more consistent with free trade than'a tariff of specific duties, which allowed these articles to pass scot-free ? , ; But then comeB the other view of the ques- tion. Would tonnage dues, levied as a substi- tute for specific duties, really offer less obstruc- tion to trade and commerce, as Mr. FORSTER contends they would ? The probability is that an certain branches of trade they would prove not merely obstructive, but destructive; they would be not merely an impediment, but an impassable barrier. If we collected our Cus- toms revenue from ships instead of cargoes, we should practically tend- to warn j off from our ports the class of . vessels that now resort to them in ballast or " seeking.". We should also diminish speculative shipments. But, as outward freights depend upon the num- ber of ships in port, as compared with the quantity of produce to be carried, this lessening of competition would at once raise freights, and to a proportionate extent injure the position of our exporters. And, whilst giving ¡the, shipowners a greater command of the situation, the tonnage dues would furnish them with unquestionable ground for raising . freights inwards. -Though ! the incidence of the tax ultimately fell uponj the cargo, the shipowners, who paid it in the,first instance themselves, would, of course, protect jtheir own interests. And the , chances are that, in distributing the dues payable on the ship over the freight of the goods carried, .they ¡Would charge too much rather than too little, ' 'and se cause a violation of the established canon that the Government should not take »ore out of the pockets of the people by means of a tax than it receives into the Treasury. And testdes, it ia to be remembered that' the tonnage duos would have to be paid by the shtp.malumpon entering; and as the ship owner would have to provide for this before- hand, the addition to the freight would repre sent not only the bare tonnage dues, but .eames for exchange or interest in addition. And these charges would fall upon the im »nÍr,/Jen.thou^ the goods were ^ not «quired for immediate sale or consumption. J* the other hand, specific duties on goods in porta um. But then, it will be said, under woÄ t?nn.a8e dues, the . Government,. Would he saved the expense of maintaining a' .«Mag system. The question, however, is I ;?*« the cost to the Government, but the n»l?"C»0!i ]° commerce, and the immediate Ä »f duty under the form of freigat upon «was not required for immediate sale would tul a m?re 8eri°u8 commercial obstruction -system gCB conneoted with the bonding -'?wiJii/'blan8wMed that vessels iii' ballast ?IZA , driven away, and that compétition as3v?\\.be le88ened> because tonnage dues «itu » e collected upon Bhips that entered wttnat cargo, the rejoinder would be that such to'a^pA wouW be e(luivalent to a sur dur.. he 8Pec»al- advantages which tonnage Accn,^a'!0Uïc,eof «venue, are said'to' offer. 'SS8 -° ¥R' FO^TZB, their great recom ïïfo 18 th,at ft«y would not involve the cS tw and .action by Custom-house cou dÄ^-V dutÍeS ?qTe- Buthow once ¿Sí A1 LI a" "lBtem of exemptions were S e K^TV£?he Custom-house:would ^TZV? Sat ßhips claimin* exemp the ? dld.n°t cany cargo;' and to apply ^aÏÏrt'R^to^..*» other ports » P»tt of their origins! caïgo.,.Oihenri*i: how would it be possible for the tax to adjust' itself to the cargo, according to Mr. FORSTER'S theory ? What would be the cost of goods brought by the Whampoa, for instance, if the tonnage dues upon a vessel of her enormous bulk fell upon that portion. of her cargo which was landed in Sydney? But ! if a system of exemptions and deductions were ! once entered upon, how could Custom-house, inspection and interference be avoided ? And then there is the question of the re ' export trade. Unless the system of tonnage ! ..dues could be. made to adapt itself to the, circumstances of a commercial entrepot as .effectively -as. .specific duties with- well-! ' devised arrangements for warehousing and; . drawbacks can be made to do, it would j .offer , a greater ... obstruction to :trade; than they do, not a smaller. But how.coiildj 'this, adaptation possibly be compassed?' The' whole object of the system, according to Mr. FORSTER, is to simplify matters by. collect-; ing.,,dilly lipon the ship instead of upon the1 cargo"; and thus all the cargo is placed upon one level, . whether it be landed tot, local con-, sumption or for-ré exportation. But the,duíy,| though paid ; by . the- ship, ÍB, according to Mr.j FORSTER, to'.,fall "(at,,, least partially) 'fúpbn' the cargo. That - is to say, the goods' will be landèUH.atr.ta- cost 'that; repre .sqnts, ..first cost, freight, and tonnage dues; added . and,: if ; it' he BO, thé taxation will fall upon all alike. ^Höw then could there be any recovery, upon goods' re- exported ? .' The dueà would haye been paid by the ship, and the ship might at the time be thousands of miles' away ; and, as the dues were paid by the ship[ the Custbm-housè could not undertake to make refunds'-to third parties. To collect tonnage dues as à substitute for specific duties would probably extinguish bur re-export trade. j lt. is difficult, therefore to discover-what- ever mealing be given to the term "free'trade principles"-rhow tonnage dues can claim to be more than specific duties, in . accordance with them. The probabilities seem to point altogether the opposite way. It . would bk disastrous to our commerce to levy, them upon such a scale as- to make them as productive ab the specific duties we are compelled to. collect;. And to lower them to such a point as tb de- prive them of power for mischief would reduce their yield so far that, upon free trade prin- ciples, it would not be worth while to collect them. ' j FROM a question put to the COLONIAL SECRE- TARY a few days ago, we gather that the subject of Immigration is not entirely foil gotten,-in Parliament, and that the sum df £32,000 of a vote for immigration purpose's remains unexpended. The question of.imml gration, however, does not appear in the pro- gramme that has been laid before Parliament, nor does there sèeny to be any serious intention to adopt', such; measures as . will lead .to a more satisfactory, supply of thc labour market of, 'the colony. Of all the colonies . in the- , 8outherri ..hemisphere, New , Zealand seems p: to be . the only one that: ÍB addressing itself with earnestness and success to the business of immigration.. We fear that 'the' indiscriminate supply of free immigrants, which has. been pouring itself inp New Zealand during the last twelve months, ¡may prove iii the end to be .a warning rather than an example to thc Australian colonies. It is'not only undesirable to. import labourers faster than they can -be employed and settled, but Now Zealand is already beginning to find that the class of persons who avail them- selves of free passages to the, colonies are inferior as a rule to those who come put under the assisted system, or at their own expensp; and that a considerable portion of such immi-' grants do not become settled colonists at all. Thousands of those who have during the list ' year emigrated, from Great Britain ¡to New Zealand, have again emigrated from New Zealand to some other parts. But New Zealand has succeeded , in showing us that the time has not jet eóme in which a prosperous colony Can. depend on its own natural rate of increase, and' that it is still possible to secure a numerical ! supply, of "emigrants from Great Britain that will be equal to any reasonable demand. j In Victoria, as also hi South Australia ind Tasmania, immigration has been practically suspended.- in -Queensland the land order system has tended rather to'strengthen the squatters than to multiply settlers. Among ourselves the arrival - of some two or three ' vessels a year with domestic servants especially, has represented',.the extent of our recent immigration operations. Since 1838 nearly two hundred thousand ' of the population of New South Wales and riot far from 300,000 of the population ol' Victoria have been the fruit of immigration,-. But while in former times ¡up- wards of 17,000; immigrants have found their way to New-South¡ Wales in â single year, 'the «umber has recently .been down to about 1000 a year. But in, New; Zealand on the other hand, while during the six years between' 1865 and 1371 the additions to the population from immigration were 37,000, or about 6000 yearly, the additions from immigration for 1873 were upwards of 11,000, and for. 1874 upwards of 30,000, while: for , 1874 j the addition» from immigration in all the Australian colonies put together would scarcely amount to twenty thousand. ' ' lt can scarcely be. said, we think, that the difference between these immigration raturons is accounted for by the fact that New Zeeland j offers attractions to the' surplus population of Europe far superior to those which Australia has to offer, or that the labour markets of íNéw South. Wales are so weil supplied,; and that, its waste lands are so fully occu ..pied, .that the causes which existed in j former times for pushing immigration now exist no more. _ . Neither can it be , said that the day has come in which Great Britain has no large surplus population out of which she can supply, her colonies, or that emigrants from England and Ireland can find all: they want in America and Canada without proceed- ing farther. On the contrary, while i there is no great gold excitement .just now to draw population by thousands to one common centre, , the demands in this colony for labour of various kinds have , seldom, been more urgent than they are at present, the openings for enterprise were never more numerous, and it has not. ceased to be true that no part of the world can offer to the skilled and industrious immigrant greater advantages than those which are offered by Australia. , It is quite true that, like every other country on the face of the globe, the supply of certain classes of persons, among us is greater than the demand ; and any moré of some descriptions of humanity which" now and then'find their way to the colonies would be quite superfluous. It is also true that in certain spheres of labour among salesmen and clerks, for example, the colonies can well nigh supply, their own ¡wants. We have sometimes enough and to-'spare of persons who are ready to fill vacancies when they are opened for them, and to occupy cer- tain situations as soon as others shall make s»he.m res4y. , Every Minister, rof .the Crown cnn possibly furnish' à considérable list of'naniés representing those who are waiting anxiously for something to turn up. We can quite j underhand that there are points of view from which it does not appear that this colony wants any increase of population from any source, whatever, as there are other points of view from which it appears that, immigration should be left to take its own . course without being, made to take ours. But the law which, applies ! to one kind of commerce has by the wisest: men been' applied to another, and when: ?people want either men or machinery, the ' natural course is to send for them if they can- : not be got upon the spot. The two great j necessities in evéry prosperous country are.' labour and capital. But while there are other, countries in which the labour ia in excess of the, capital, in ours the capital is in excess of the! .labour. The want in other countries is to get: rid of the populâtion', the want in ours is popu- ; lation. The first of all elements in the wealth! of a country aro men and: women, and in! a ^.colony-' like this, with a; population! less than' that of ' a.' second-class town; inj 'Great Britain, and " a territory of upwards of three hundred thousand square; miles, the foremost. question is how to secure a virtuous-and an industrious population' equal to the openings and the wants that are: constantly presenting themselves.' In view ofi the vast areas of land which are waiting for the' agriculturist, and the demand on all sides for skilled labour which cannot be supplied, it surely cannot .be said that an immigration policy has ceased to be a necessity in. this coun- try. ' Our Government itself has works on hand which cannot be prosecuted for want of the particular kind of labour, necessary to their accomplishment. Thc saine complaint is made by many óf our ' large firms in différent parts of the colony,';1 ,;Whilet .it, cannot-be' denied,that in some departments of labouf masters,, -tyrannize,' ' over ; ' men,- in otherè the men-tyrannise over the masters-and keep1 them kt their mercy: In not a-few-instances employers are -compelled to - retain; unskilled'^ .intemperate, and even dishonest hands, because they knóV " that they can get no others. In .the domestic,,servant line especially,-the ladies tell us that they have teen at their wits.' end, and are still compelled to accept .any, terms, and then submit "meekly to any insults , which the most incapable' of' domestics are pleased to exact and- inflict. The maid knows that she and not her mistress is master of the situation;, and she acts accordingly. ??'?.' If a' dozen ship- loads- of-immigrants .of the right kind were to enter Port Jackson to-morrow, the colony would have . little, ..difficulty in- absorbing . them immediately.-, . And while we are employ- ing a portion1 of our-surplus revenue; to open up the. ^colony by railways, it , is worthy, df inquiry whether wè ouglit^not to spend another portion of' the' £800,000 lying to our credit fdr purposes bf .immigration. It is surely a tight principle.-.that a portion of. the income from the lands pf the colony'should be spent in settling population 'oh'-'the--lands which are still unocct^ .pied.- ' . ,-'.' .;. ;? ;' ;: ., ? ? The present is pre-eminently a'suitable tinje - for a. reconsideration of the question of immi- gration.' The main tide of emigration from Great, Britain and Ireland has hitherto flo wed to the United States. and'. , Canada, ' but re- cently ; the .tide has been .receding.,., .The available parts of'' America; have been over- crowded and distressed with ^immigrants, ,a|d -we have been ;infprmed,that .during thelast;. year seventy-eight thousand 'emigrants , haye' returned from Canada' and the United States -to lEnglandl ' -In-the meantime', since England .hhs i more people-already-than she -knows, what to do with, we may conveniently adopt auch¡me'a sures, as. will! divert Ik ,,portibn;pf the current from America to this part of: Australia, ' | : '" It is wéll to" remember;' however, that in the present day this is not'so easily done. In former' times! the current''of - immigration w!as= attracted to 'Australie-,,by its: reputation las a land of - gold; " ' But - in. the,, absence of an. excitement, the distance' and ' the time that is" occupied > between ...Eng--, land and Australia! are sufficient to maka a,, cautious Briton look a great many times before he takes sb serious' a step.' Again, the classes that are Boméünies, Vmost , willing , to leáve tingland for Australia are »just ! the - classes Australia,-does not want. - And those who would succeed in the polonies', and whom the ; colonies need are just those who succeed bfest .and aré most needed at' home. Further, the organs of opinion in England from the Tfi/ies downward, while at all times thinking it a good thing that doubtful persons and dubious classes generally should make themselves scarce and try their hands in the colonies, ure; generally agreed \ that the sort ¡ bf people that are wanted in the- colonies had better remain at home. And beyond this, iheîe is a natural clinging to fatherland on (the part of worthy people generally which léads many a man to,prefer to be dependent jand comfortless in the old country rather than to be independent and comfortable in a new bne. Under these circumstances, the existence Jof a demand for population will not alone lead to . the supply. Neither will the existence of an . unexpended immigration vote lead to immigra- tion. The current of Canadian immigration for years past has been established by energetic | agencies, which have left no opportunity un- j improved for advertising and recommending ! Canada. Before New South Wales is more generally inquired after in England, it must be more generally known in Fingland. And before other countries will direct serious atten- tion to this colony our Parliament must Insist on a more liberal outlay for the purpose of showing other countries what the colony is, and what it can produce. -We have !tried popular lecturing, it is said with little avail, and it is time to ask whether we should not either try this again, OT something else, to represent the advantages snd' to 'push the interests of New South Wales in Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere. DISTRICT COURT.-Monday, April 12.-J'nry Caufea,: Bogers v. tbs City Bank, Hamilton v. Psrton; ARRIVAL OK WENTWORTH WITH THE ENIÍLISH1 MAIL.-The saving of time by the action of the poeta authorities in getting the mails per P. and O. stearne China transhipped to the A.S.N. steamer Wentworth was yesterday very evident. The Wentworth arrived in Port Jackson at 5 s.m., sud letters were distributed in town by the usual corning delivery st 9 o'olock. Tho Ellora did not reach her moorings till 2.30 p.m. ; sind had the mail been forwarded bj that vessel, the correspondence could not havs been delivered until some time niter th usual office hours, or about S p.m. - T'IE GOVERNOR OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA]-His Excellency A. Musgrave, C.M.G., Governor nf South Auftralis, arrived yesterday by the steamship Ellora. ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL.-^The following is the order of musical service for Sunday, 11th April : Magnificat, Arnold, in A ; Nunc Dimittii, Arnold, in A * anthem, Blessed be Thou-Lord Ood of Israel, James Kent. . " SYDNEY HUNT CLUB.-It will be seen from ?n advertisement in another column that the hantera en- gaged in the jumping prize for the Silver Gnp wilt reauire to be on the Randwick ooaree to-day, st 3 p.m. \- SEIZTJBB OF BAD FISH. - Inspector Séymour seized ¡eight bushels and a half-of fisL yesterday, ar tba -1 Wooloomooloo fish market, which were afterwards en- I mined! £Ï Dr» Dansey, and found to be unlit for human ! i?0?- IV ,broi*îlt «kW to the Writ» Pollo» ? Court, and ordered tobe destroyed. j J ?< COURT OP QUARTER- SESSIONS.-Thia Court stands adjourned from Friday ovening till 10 o'elook OB Monday morning next. Tb« j ur oro are asked to give their attendance at tho Court at that time. THE EXHIBITION.- Tho forenoon yesterday proved so threatening that it could not bo wondered at only bringing forth a slack a'/tendance ; but after 12. visitors commenced to pour in at a rapid rato. Park and building about 4 p.m. were crowded ; und tho night found tbe in- terior thronged aa usual, with just that amount of room tcft for moving about nt the steady patient paoo which is entirely at the will of the tandora, and dependent solely on their inclinations. Taking into consideration the OIUUUUH iu tho building of the last few days, it cannot ba denied that the visitors possess good tempers, and that oven frequent ootn-troading, whioh oannot bo avoided, ia passed over emilingly by the sutfererfl, for there ia no record of oven trivial disturbance. Tho banda enlivened tbo prooeedinga yesterday evening to a considerable extent, and tho practico of tho last few i nightB haB evidently brought tho combination to a «tate of ' precision which must to pleasing to tho talented conductor,; Signor Qiorza,who labours assiduously to bring about! ptrfeotion. Next week, when the first rash has in a mea-1 rare calmed down, will be the time to ho« that whioh tho : moving masa now renders nearly impossible-tho deli-j cately-rendered piano passage» of tho various eelootions.i Yesterday's attendance day and night, roughly estimated,! was over 15,000. . , ?. J YESTERDAY'S ACCIDENTS.-A boy .named! Robert Rigbey, while driving a hórao attaohed to a cart,; waa thrown out of the cart through tho horso bolting. He rtooived injuries to his loft side, and was, taken to the ln-j (lunary and admitted. An old man named John Hunter,, when crossing the road at the corner of Goulburn and Pitt! streets, foll and broke his loft knee-cap. A woman named) Alice Jame«, employed at MIB. Tanner's boarding-house, King-atroet, sustained injuries to her left foot through] a saucepan of boiling water falling off the fire on to her; foot. I . A YOUTHFUL CRIMINAL.-A girl, named; Sarah Leman, aged 13 years, was charged yesterday at tbo Court of Quarter Sessions with having.obtained money; by means of false pretences. Bhe pleaded gn'-lty. The roto was this :-The girl Loman went to the house of Mrs. Taylor, a dairywoman at Bandwiok, and said that she had come from a Mrs. Forrester for the loan of lOsj Willing to oblige a neighbour, Mrs. Taylor said that she had only a £l-noto in tho house. The girl Loman said . lb nt that aum would do, and it waa given to ber, after which she went away. The imposture was soon dis- covered. After prisoner had had the note in her poises i sion for two days, tho police, on arresting her, found if intact. It appeared on reforenco to the gaol records, that prisoner had just ooniplefed a sentence of ono month's im¿ prieonment for stealing a parachute, a purse, and a locket, the property of a servant at the Destitute Children's Asylum at Bandwiok. The girl on being questioned by Mr. Dowling, said that ehe had been living with an aunt at Windsor, but that ehe had left her in consequenoe- of iii trealmont. Prisoner was sentenced to six months' im- prisonment in Windsor gaol ; and ia passing the sentónos Mr. Dowling said that he was sorry that it was not ia his power to send the girl to a reformatory institution till stab waa twenty-one fears of age. j THE PRINCIPLES OF THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. -An interesting, concise, and eloquent exposition of the principles of the Society of Friends, "commonly called, Quakers," was given last night, in the Old Temperance Hall, by Mr. J. J. Dymond, a member of the deputation from the society at home. There was a very good attendance. Mr. Dymond began by referring to the reasons which had led to his being appointed, together with Mr. Beck and Mr. Wright, to visit the Friends in these colonies - to draw still closer the bonds of love and brotherly affection; and commenced to treat his subject by referring to the popular errors entertained regarding the members of the society. Among questions asked were - whether the Friends married like other people; whether they ate the same things as were eaten by others; and whether they ever laughed. Mr. Dimondm[sic] then described the principles of the Friends, where they agreed with the majority of professing Christians \- including the redemption and salvation of fallen man through Christ; and the Divine authority and authenticity of the Scriptures. He next proceeded to refer to the points of difference from other Christians to be found in the principles of the Friends beginning (after a passing reference to the work of the Reformation) with the found- ing of the society about the year 1640 or 1645 by George Fox, who felt an individual sense of the pardoning power of God through His Son; and experienced a personal reve- lation of His grace, and who, meeting with others who had a similar experience, formed a small company to make it known to others. The growth of the society was then described; as was also the origin of the title " Quakers" first used as a term of reproaoh. They held in substance (said Mr. Dimond [sic]) that believers were made partakers of Divine grace; that all could enjoy immediate access to God the Father; that there was no need for the intercession between man and God of a ceremonial priest- hood; and no necessity for a priesthood of human institu- tion; that all had an individual relationship to God, and were equal in His sight; that silent prayers would be heard by God; that speech was not absolutely necessary, to express our petition and thanks to him; that the Holy Ghost would teach them what to say, when they met for Divine worship; that God chose a succession of ministers and that these should not (the Friends believed) be salaried; and that women were eligible for this ministry. In continuing, Mr. Dimond [sic] said the Friends believed that the taking by Christ of the bread and wine in the Lord's Supper typified the effects of the Holy Ghost, the recipients of which would neither "hunger" nor "thirst;" and that the baptism after Christ's coming signified the baptism of the Holy Spirit. In the latter part of his address, which throughout was very impressive, Mr. Dimond [sic] spoke of features in the principles of the Friends which were less strictly theological. The explanation regarding dress and language was ex plicit and apparent. The Quakers of the early days (said Mr. Dimond [sic]) adopted the simple dress of the common people of England, as well as their forms of expression, at a time when there was much foppery and ostentation in the dress of men as well as of women, and these they retained, until at length both dress and speech had become singular through the changes of years. The society in London had lately decided that it had no testimony to bear to mere singularity; and that as dress had generally become plain and simple, there was no reason why they should in this respect distinguish themselves from their brethren in the world. The last points of distinction to which Mr. Dimond [sic] referred were the objections of Friends to war, and to taking an oath, for both of which objections they had, they considered, sufficient scriptural authority. The meeting closed with prayer. SALE OF YOOKÖ CATTLE.-George Kiss: re- pot ts having sold, at the Bazaar, yesterday, the following lots of young bulls and heifers :-For Mr. W. W. Bwin, ted roan bull calf, 45 guineas; dark red bull calf, 53 guineas ; light roan bull calf; 40 guineas ; red roan! bull enif, 81 guineas ; roan spotted bull oalf, (¡7 guineas-Mr. G. Kirk, purchaser. For Mr. G. B. Shaw, roan bull, 30 guineas; red and while bul), 16 guiñóos-Mr. Tilley, purchaser. For Mr. F. M'Mahon, roan bull calf, -iO guineas-Mr. Inglis purchaser. For Mr. W. B. Hind- marsh, light roan bull calf, 17 guineas ;'white bull'calf, 35 guineas; white bull calf, 25 guineas-purchased by Mr. J. O' Brien. For same owner, a roan bull, 13 guineas \- to Mr. J. Lakeman : a red and white bull-to Mr. John Lane, 10 guineas; a dark roan bull-to Mr. J. Qambage, 17 guineas ; a red bull-Mr. Waldron, 10 guineas ; a dark tof.n heifer-to Mr, G. F. Karissa; 06 guineas.' For Mr. J. Mitchell, a red boll calf-to Messrs. Fin- ley end Co., 43 guineas ; a roan bull, 37 guineas-to Mr. 1*. Boborts ; a red and white heifer, 14 guineas-to Mr. W. P. Caddell, 6 young bull calves, for £31f-Mr. King. For Mr. Weston, n red and white bull, 20 guineas. For Mr. R. Hindmarsh ; a roan bul), 34 guiness,!to Mr. J. Osborne: n red and white bull to Mr. B. Miller, 15 guineas; red roan bul), 12 guineas-Mr. Caddell;: roan bull, 15 guineas, to Mr. B. Miller ; red bul], 10 guineas, to Mr. J. J. Caddell ; red roan bull, 10 guineas, to Mr. Lake- man ; red bull, H guineas, to Mr. Weston. For Mr. W. A. Johnston, roan bull calf, 19 guineas,' to Mr. À. W, Stephen, THE AUSTRALASIA AND (JUINA TELEGRAPH. ^umber pf paid telegrams .transmitted through thia com- pany's cable from Pott Darwin for the week ending Friday, March 26th:-Sent from the colonies: South Australia, 4; Viotoria, 32; New South Wales, 26; Queensland, 4 ; Tasmania, 1 ; Hew Zealand 7 : total, 74, Sent to tho colonies : South Australia, 14 ; Viotoria, 45 ; New South Wales, 30 ; [Queensland, 1 ; Tasmania,*'; New Zealand, 4 : total, 98, Total number, of messages, 172. NARROW ESCAI'K.-The Bni-t'Cdymy Aryn* (a Yoong journal) states that Mr. Davis, auctioneer, hod a narrow escape of losing his life on Sunday night. He and others were employed putting out a Uri at t£e,'rear ol ' Hie premises, and while in the act of drawing np a-,'bucket ot water from Mr. Minter's well he accidentally'ellppod ' and fell'feet drat down the well, which is about thirty feel ; deep and coitainiag somewhere about twelve feet ot water \- By accident he was discovered, ia his perlions position, and i with the assistance of a few fricada waa safely landed oi íerrí'flrma, Fortunately, beyond »lew bruises aud » goed subtnerging, he escaped unhurt. . DisüsTEOua FIRE AT 1 ÍÍWKRCAR&ÍLI,,' NRW ZEALA.S'D.-A disastrous fire lirok* out in tho' Albion Hotel, Invercargill, about a nu artes-past 4 o'elook ca Tuesday morning, March 23. 1't ia supposed to have ignited in one oi the front parlours, In a few minutes the north end of the building was ii x a blaze. Being an immense wooden structure, no hop, is were entertained of saving any portion of it. The ho tel and stables were totally destroyed, together with two k mall shops occupied by Mr. Withwer, tobacconist, and Mr. A Udridge tailor. The tire spread to a large briok building, o conpied by Messrs. Lewis, Reid, and Co., drapers, and th 9 National Bann. Five smaller buildingB in Bak- etreet wei "o likewise burnt down. The following are the insuru »<*«. *<> fsr bas been ascertained :-The Albion Hotel, New Zealand, £606; 8outh British, £600 . ¡ Norwich, £G0O; Aturra!ian AUianoa. £460 ; national, £. 750;,: Viotoria; £1000; Standard, £260. Messrs. Lewis It lid, and Co. Traneatlantie, £2000. Brick btuldings-^I, '.oyal, £10W; Liverpool, and London, and Globe, £1000; , Hatoh's i^ÄS? l>«*"'.8hoP-» .ow Zealand, TH« STEAMSHIP WHAMPOA.-An » iWellent photograph of the steamer Whampoa has bm w twMWie* ty Mr. /. J. Clarke, of Oepr^^msty ^ 