literature, .skiwte, &i.; MISS ANGEL. Bt Miss Thackeray. I Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chafieb XVI. — Through Winteb-time to SPEma. While Antonio was walking home ; through the black midnight streets ; while Mr. Reynolds was sitting in his own studio composing an article for the ' Rambler' (the studio was still haunted by some paling ghost of Miss Angel); while the painter had quietly made up his mind to abandon the siege of the difficult for tress he had incautiously attacked, the j fortreBB itself was secretly preparing to j surrender, for it was built upon the sandy j foundation of impulse, of youthful ardent imagination. With all her faults, as I have said, Angelica was a genuine woman, incapable of deceiving any one, unless, indeed, she herself were deceived ; and whatever she might realise now, she had at the time truly felt that gratified vanity was no return for true feeling. Misunderstand ings are far more difficult things than people imagine in love or in friendship. Some instinct protects travellers in that strange country where all is instinct, and if they disagree, it is that from some secret reason they do not belong to each other, for quarrels are nothing to those who are united in sympathy. If Mr. Reynolds spoke to her again, would she give him a different answer ? Perhaps I might graciously be pleased to allow that I was less indifferent than I had. once appeared to be, she thought, and she tossed back her curl and opened wide her eyes, and discovered it was nearly 1 o'clock, and time for bed. Antonio came next morning before Angel was up. He was used to workmen, and to hurrying their reluctant hammers and whitening pails. He took it upon himself to dismiss two or three on tKe spot, feeling sure that Angelica's little store wonld be soon expended if she gave orders on the same scale as Lady W., who had sent in this army in all kindness . . and inexperience. Zucchi himself acted as chief artificer and foreman ; the men seeing him take his place so naturally, imagined that he was the owner of the house, and obeyed his orders. When Miss Angel appeared in her wrapping gown and cap, she found that Antonio had accomplished wonders in a hard morning's work, that everything was in order in the studio. The Princess, fol lowed by the whole Court, might come wuen ane wuuiu. ' I hope you forgive me for interfering,' ?aid Zucchi; 'you muBt remember how quickly money goes in this country, and that one man's day here costs three times as much as with us.' 'The days are much shorter and blacker here than with us,' said Angelica. ' They ought to be cheap enough.. How good of you, Tonio, to come to my help ; what shall you want foryour work ? See here,' she said, running into her room and coming out again with Lady Diana's pocket boock, ' I have saved £80, and Lady Diana has lent me £300 for my rent I am to get £15 for three fans I am painting to-morrow. ' ' Do you mean that this is all you have to reckon on ?' cried Zucchi. ' I thought those rich had loaded you with their miserable favors. Is this their dole in return for what you have done for them ? You will be starving in a month or two, if you go on at this rate, my poor child. Where is your father, that old mummy ? Why does he not come to take care of youP' he said, very much agitated. Antonio, brought up in the severe order of poverty, ha*! an exaggerated horror of want and of debt, as he had oi Angelica's incapacity. Angelica was per fectly justified, under the circumstances, in doing as she had done ; but it is certain that Antonio's cranky anxieties saved her money, labor, and many a consequent worry just at this time. He used to come for an hour in the morning and for an hour in the evening. Angelica was not always there ; but on her return she was sure to find some trace of his presence, and of the industry of the trembling hatida From the very first so many people came to .Angelica's studio that his presence was little remarked upon. The Lord Essex of those days was her great friend and patron, so was Lord Henry Belmore, not to be rebuffed, and Lord W. would also hurry in and out occasionally ; Mr. Fuseli came many times, Mr. Boydell and his brother, the artistic alderman, were entirely capti vated with the young artist, and so, indeed, were many others too numerous to mention. All that winter the little house had been alive with voices, and footsteps, and greetings, and exclamations of wonder and admiration from friends, lovers, patrons, and admirers of both sexes. In the engrossment of settling down, of feel ing her own success and importance, Angelica thought less of Mr. Reynolds than she did later, when the first excite ment of this new way of living had some what palled upon her. Who could have imagined that this cold foggy life was to be so full of vibrating emotion and of romance ? Rome, with all her wonders, had contained far more commonplace experiences than this black and vapor haunted city. Lady Diana came often at first, then more rarely, for she looked on with doubtful approbation at MIbb Angel's experiences. Lady W1. also came. She seemed to have forgiven Angelica. Angel, standing in the deep windows of her studio, could see her torches flaring up the street as the lady travelled homewards in her chair ; as the lights would disap pear into the fog Angel would ask herself if she was indeed the little girl of a year ago, who had stood eating grapes and looking over the Riallo. The remem brance of it sometimes came over her so vividly that she seemed to breathe the air, to hear the voices, the sound of the feet trailing upon the bridge. Zucchi's ; voice did not jar upon these recollections, although he sent them flying. | All that winter Angelica was too busy, j too engrossed to look back often ; the present was all in all. She rarely met Mr. Reynolds, but when she did come across him he seemed to avoid her, she thought, and just at this time she was content that it should be so, and glad of the postponement. That all would come right she never questioned ; of her power to call anybody to her feet she scarcely doubted. ' I can look at people,' she once told Antonio, half in jest, and half in earnest, 'and make them turn pale and do anything I wish ; but I don't, Antonio. I could make you much kinder if I tried. But I am used to your scold ings.' Antonio left the room, banging the door. So time, and sitters, and days passed by in turn, the house in Golden-square prospered and nourished, and Angelica was delighted with her own triumphs and successes, and the time drew near for old Sauffmann's arrival. The Princess of Brunswick had given so flattering an account of the young painter that the Princess of Wales, the mother of the king, sent a message to say that she was coming to Visit Angelica in her studio. ' Such an honor was never paid to any other painter,' writes Ange lica to her transported old father. He read the letter to his sister, the farmer's widow, to the dairy maid, to the cure after mass, to the goatherd, to the very goats upon the mountain slope. The whole valley participated in the Kauff mann's distant honors and glories. They urged him to lose no time, to start off immediately to the golden scene of his daughter's triumph. 'In London, that great city, the applause,' says Rossi, ' was universal. The public papers con tained verses in different languages written in her praise.' It required no little courage and dogged opposition on Antonio's part to continue his system of detraction and plainspeak ing, as he called it. One can never account for the curious phases of people's mind. To him Angelica was an inadequate genius ; but a more complete woman, perhaps, than any other he had ever known; more complete in her feminine power than all the six Miss Stars at Windsor put together, than the Prin cess of Brunswick in her velvet mantles ; than Lady W. with all her beauty, her gentle affectations, and cultivated vapors. Sometimes Antonio coming in would find the young painter sitting surrounded by a circle of admirers. B'ot uni frequently she would be talking nonsense n a high, ecstatic voice. ' Yes !' she' would say, ' I will confess to you all that it has been a something beyond me that has ever driven me onward through life, seeking for the most beautiful and ideal representation of the truth. That is why I try to give some deep, allegorical meaning to all that I depict. If I have painted this picture of my friend Mary Moser as ? Prudence sacrificing to Duty and Enchaining the wings of Oupid,' it is because I have felt that in the most commonplace form and feature (here there was a little suppressed titter in the circle which Angel did not notice — Mr. Fuseli alone frowned and looked annoyed) there is often :\ moral, a suggestion far beyond the passing moment, and to that we must cling if we would not utterly weary and sicken of the dull disappointments and realities of life.' She started up as she spoke, a slim pro phetess in a white falling dress, pointing to the picture she had just completed. Some classical recess in the wall just be hind made an arch above her head. It was an April evening ; the window was open ; the dusk was creeping in. A great vase of spring flowers stood on a table by her side. ' I do not comprehend,' said Antonio, in his slow English, ' why an allegory should be of more value to the world than a truth. I should have imagined until now that a good likeness, carefullypainted, is what one wishes for, in remembrance of a friend, not a classical allusion to some thing else which does not concern any body in particular.' Miss Angel blushed up. Some secret conscience warned her that she had been making a display, but why was Antonio to lecture her in public? She said nothing, but she showed by her manner that she was displeased. Contradictionfrom Zucchi always roused the secret gipsy in Agelica's character. True friends are sorts of magnifying glasses. Antonio was a true friend, and saw her perhaps as she really was, wich some slight exaggeration. For Antonio alone, perhaps, she was but herself — no wonder, such as all these people would have declared her to be, no mighty mistress of her art, but a sweet and impulsive-hearted girl whose arch bright looks, half saucy, half appealing, went straight to his heart, whose constant self-denying work and application he knew how to appreciate. Perhaps she pursued her way too triumphantly ; per haps if her pictures had cost her more, they might have been better worth the sweet lifetime she had given to them, the hours of youth, of gaiety, and natural amusement and interest sacrificed to these smiling ladies vaguely waving their arms or reclining upon impossible banks. He praised her coloring, and Angel's cheeks would burn in answer. Her sentiment was charming, but her drawing was absurd, and he did not scruple to tell her so. Chaptbb XVII. — A Game of Cards. A great many things exist that it is useless tocloBe one's eyes UDon, and yet the very wants and disappointments and inef fectual efforts may themselves be a sort of proof of the possibility of the things to which we oannot quite reach, the love we cannot quite hold, the duty we cannot quite fulfil. Is life a science ? Are not its very deviations sometimes the key to its secrets ? Are we all philosophers with instincts which set us to work upon its awful problems ? Angel was not philosophising just bow. She had not written her little flyleaves of late, or sat pondering her simple articles of faith. I do not think she was living with her best self all these months. A new phase had come over her ; it is one which people decry, but to me it has always seemed a sort of game no better nor worse than any other — the great game of the London world and its odd interests and superstitions From being a spec tator you are insensibly absorbed in the performance. You begin to understand the points, the tricks, the turns of it — the value of this trump-card played against that one. Two for a queen, three for a king, and knaves and diamonds have their value too, and you unconsciously sort your hsnd and play your trick, and find yourself one day deeply excited by this lively living whist marking, deal ing out, bidding. It is but a game, and one day the humblest player may throw down his cards with a weary shrug. I don't know that there is greater harm than in any other pursuit until the day comes when men give their honor and women stake their hearts' truth, and their children's happiness, and the peace of their homes. Was Angelica in danger of staking her poor little heart ? Miss Angel was not in love with any body, as I have said. She thought more of Mr. Reynolds at that time than of any other person. If Af r. Reynolds had come back, she would have accepted him. She always turned to her remembrance of him with gratitude and confidence, and somehow her conscience approved, and Antonio approved, but Mr. Reynolds himself seemed to avoid her. His reserve gave her some concern, but she trusted to Miss Reynolds to remove it. Although Mr. Reynolds absented himself, Miss Reynolds was her constant visitor, and from her the young painter used to hear of his doings — of the work he was en gaged upon, of the people he lived with. Lord Oharlemcnt had proposed him for the Dilettante, the beautiful Duchess of Manchester was sitting to him, so was Nelly O'Brien, whose bright eyes still meet our admiring glances. He was as constant as ever to his Olub ; he came, he went, he worked, perhaps harder than usual, and yet— — — ' Something is amisB,' said Miss Rey nolds, hesitating. 'Perhaps you can tell me what it is?' she said, one day, with one of her impulsive darts. They were riding in Mr. Reynolds's big coach, which had just then stopped at Dr. Burney's door, in Poland-street. More than once the great primrose coach had conveyed Angelica to Dr. Burney's musical parties. On this occasion, in an interval of Piozzi's singing, Miss Rey nolds returned to the discussion. ' He is not himself,' said the elder lady, anxiously. ' I have never seen my brother so dull — so depressed in manner ?' ' 'I think he has forgotten me alto gether,' said Miss Angel. 'The other evening, at the market, when I would have spoken to him (I had sent away a couple of my friends on purpose), he would not come near me ; he merely said, ' Are you enjoying the scene, my dear young lady ? Do not let me be the means of dispersing your attendant knights;' and he passed on. Tell me — what does it mean ?' cried Miss Angel suddenly, and she seized Miss ReynoldB's mitten in her quick hand. ' ' It is hard to be estranged from those whose affection one values.'1 Angel's eyes filled with tears as she spoke, her fan slipped to the ground, some one sprang forward to pick it up — a stately-looking person in mourning garb. It was an old friend who had lately appeared in London society, Count de Horn, whom she had first known at Venice. Angelica took the fan from him with a pretty little moue, and let him kiss her hand as he re turned it and departed with one more bow. She hastily brushed her tears away behind its sheltering cupids. She was sorry that Miss Reynolds should see she was not without admirers still, although Mr. Reynolds chose to be absent for such long weeks together. She was surprised when she looked up to notice some ex pression of disapprobation in Miss Rey nolds's face ; her eyebrows were working, her little round button mouth was qui vering. f ' What ia it, my dear lady?' said Angelica. ' Are you vexed ? are you ? ' 'Oh! it is not I, dear child, whose opinion matters,' said Miss Reynolds, looking about perplexed, ' nor does my brother's for the matter of that, and indeed it was I who said it, and he only replied, ' Poor child ! she is not used to our English ways.' But you must have remarked that he is fastidious about ladies' behavior — he puts me in mind of my father in that ; and if he objects to the persons who pay you court, dear child,' said Miss Reynolds', tenderly, taking Angel's hand in hers, ' has he not a good reason — one that you cannot resent?' Mis3 Angel blushed up. ' Dear Miss Reynolds,' she began. Miss Reynolds colored in her turn, and went on unheed ing. 'People say that my brother is not the first to have some reason to com plain. You do not mean — you do not realise — oh, my dear, forgive an old woman who has long, long Bince passed beyond such things, but who can still remember, and who, if she speaks harshly, only wishes you well from her very heart. V ou are worthy even of his affection, and his sadness cuts me to the quick.' Angelica did not answer. Chapter XVHL — Be the Fire Ashes. Some odd phase had come over the girl. A week ago I believe she would have turned away from such words, pre occupied perhaps, or amused, or offended. Now it seemed as if she had for the first time faced the seriousness of life as it passed — realised the fact that people could suffer from her light indifference — suddenly understood that slight and in determinate as most events are, they are, after all, our lives, and we have nothing else to live with. She had played with other people's happiness of late. She had had real hap piness, and inflicted real pain. She had received a lesson from Mr. Eeynolds that she scarcely deserved from him, although it might perhaps have applied more truly to her relations with Zucchi, with poor Fuseli, about whom her conscience did not aquit her. Mr. Dance, too, had re proached her. She would forget it all if she could. Why could she not forget it ? Were they all speaking the truth 1 Was it, indeed, an unpardonable crime to be pleased and interested and happy ia the society of more than one person 1 As thoughts ruu on indeterminately without words or sense, they turn into moods, into phases of mind. All the next day Angelica came and went about her work with the impression upon her of her conversation with Miss Reynolds. Coming in from a short walk, she found her old maid- servant standing in the passage; she was holding a great bunch of roses that had just come from Lei cester Fields with a note from Miss Rey nolds. ' My deareat Miss Kauffmann. ' My brother sends you these from his garden at Richmond ; he hopes to do himself the honor of calling upon you to day. Shall you be at home at about five o'clock 1 ' four ever most faithful and affec tionate servant, F. R.' All that morning Angel had been somewhat tired. Her painting had not satisfied her. Lady Diana had come, and finding Count de Horn in the studio, had gone away almost immediately, with marked coldness of manner. Angelica began to long for a little of the placid sunshine of old days. The rose3 and the straggling sunbeam wandering up the old staircase carried her right away. The Count's manner had vexed her, she could hardly tell why. She felt in stinctively that Mr. Reynolds would not have approved. It was not familiarity ; it was uneasiness, some want of bearing. How different his affected courtliness was from Mr. Reynolds'? simple courtesy. She put the roses carefully in water. They had given her a sense of rest. Their fragrance filled the room as she sat down to her painting, and worked on undis turbed by outward things. But that day her hand trembled as Zucchi's did. The canvas seemed to dazzle before her. Some strange tumult had taken posses sion of the young painter. She was engaged upon a pretty and delicate medallion which Lord Essex had ordered. Some Venus, some Cupid, re clining in balmy gardens very far from Golden-square and from its work-a-day inhabitants. To our excited Angelica the lights seemed flashing from the pic ture, the Cupid's eyes seemed to meet hers. She felt almost frightened at last, and turned away with an impatient move ment, as the tall doors open wide, and with the quiet swinging step and dignity that are peculiar to him, Mr. Reynolds walks into the room. For a minute Miss Angel, uiually so outcoming, was silent and embarrassed in her reception. He was calm and friendly, greeted her somewhat shyly. She saw him presently glance at the flowers. ' Thank you for sending them,' she said. ' You know my love for roses. These have come out early.' ** Some roses we know bloom in No vember,' said the painter, with a little bow to the November rose now quivering before him. Angelica looked up somewhat wistfully. She could not face those anxious, bland glances. Something — what was it ? — in his calm superiority seemed to fascinate her will, to compel her willing service. To this impetuous, impressionable, fan tastical young person, it seemed as if his judgment and tender consideration might be the calm haven for which she longed. Poor little thing, she was suddenly tired of the rout, so tired of it all — tired of her hard work, tired of the compliments which in her heart she did not accept, longing for some anchor to her laboring craft. She dragged forward a chair, and be stirred herself to make him welcome. ' ' I knew you would come, Mr. Reynolds ; something told me you would come to day, even before I received your flowers.' ' What made you expect me 1 ' said Mr. Reynolds, looking surprised. ' I have often thought of coming, wished to come, but it was only this afternoon, when my skter told me that you had honored me by remarking my absence, that I decided ? ' He stopped, arrested by the strange expression of her face. There was some thing spiritual, half rapt, half excited, in her looks at that moment. She shook back her great curl ; her color rose. Had he been unhappy all this time ? So his words now implied (they had, in truth, no such meaning). Could she set it all right, make him happy once more ; by a single word ensure her own lasting peace, his ever present friendship ? She started from her chair. 'Perhaps some instinct spoke to me,' she cried, a little wildly ; 'perhaps we are less indifferent to each other than you may have imagined. I have not for gotten the honor you once did me. If you also remember — if you also remem ber,' she repeated, ' as your sister has led me to suppose that you do, I might give a different answer now to that which I gave you then.' She looked up, expecting to see a smile upon his face, a reflection of her own excitement. ' I have thought much and deeply since last we met,' she said. 'It is not too late to try and make amends to you for my mistake.' An gelica's heart was throbbing fast. Mr. Reynolds looked very pale, and for a moment he in turn could scarcely meet Angel's looks. ' My child,' he said, ' I will not, must not take advan tage of your confidence. When I spoke to you before, I was in a different mood, carried away by a passing impulse, which I cannot regret, since it has brought me this generous mark of your goodness. But you were right in your decision You yourself caused me to reflect. I could not hope to make one of your young aud ardent nature happy, and I could never be happy feeling that I had sacrificed your life to a friendship which will be yours whatever chanoes. I scarcely know what words to use to tell you, my dear, of my respect and gratitude — to tell you how I am honored by your noble con fidence. I hope to prove to you,' he added, 'that I am not unworthy of it.' Angelica scarcely heard what words he was saying. Afterwards she remembered them, and they were some consolation to her ; but at the time some sudden feeling of overwhelming shame, of indignation, almost of horror at what had occurred, overcame her completely. It seemed to her that she had been mad, bereft of her reason ; and now for once Angelica spoke against her nature, against her own con viction. *'You are right,' she said, coldly ; ' I spoke under misapprehension, we have neither of us that regard for each other which would warrant the step I foolishly proposed— a step suggested by another person.' 'But we are friends for life,' said Mr. Reynolds ' Is it not so ? ' She could not answer at that moment, aud she was thankful when, by some curious chance, Lady W. was announced by the man servant coming in, for the second t:'.ne upon their estrangement. That first explanation now seemed almost a meeting compared to this cruel moment. How Angel got through the next half hour she scarcely knew. She was con scious of Mr. Reynolds's mute appeal and courteous, graceful, almost depre cating manner ; of Lady W.'s renewed interest and affection. It all seemed to her to be meant for some other person — some one who wa3 not present. She was thankful when they left her at last. Zucchi happened to come in as usual, and she imploringly whispered to him to take them away, that she wanted to be alone. She must be alone, and she sank down upon the low couch, in the now darkened room. She covered her face with her hands, with a sort of despair in goodness, in human nature. Was there no single person to trust in all this world 1 Had she been actuated by vanity when she turned to this grave and good man 1 Ah, no ! her conscience absolved her ; but what had she done ? Mis3 Reynolds had deceived her un pardonably and most cruelly. Angelica felt as if she could forgive her friend in time, but not yet. And as for her friend skip, was this her experience of it ? It was very, very late, and she sat there, half worn out, without spirit to move. She felt that | there was something in her, that the slightest movement or word would awaken. Was this what she had unwillingly in flicted upon others — this miserable torture of heart ? Had some demon taken hold of her in her trouble ? (To be continued. ) 