THE TStAVELLIJt, \- — -« A WEEK ' WITH THE SWAGMEN By " Phineas Finn." (conclusion.1 I dp not remember catching sightnextdayo human being or habitation, after I was well out of Seymour, until theholf-dozen ormorehoujej that comprise the township of Avenel cams into view. The fourteen miles between thj two townships, however, was got ovq qnioldy, for I had not broken my fast before leaving Seymour, and, moreover, my feet not frronble me now as on the day before, In fact, now that I had a good honeBt pair of inflexible boots nndor me, I Buffered no inco®. venience of any kind from continued walking, My father was— Lam glad to say still iaa patron of the Muscular School of Christianity and years ago, in the old country, used ta take us boys for long walks of ten or twenty! miles on Saturday afternoons. Since thsnB though living long in these colonies, where® people would .rather ride twenty miles thanB walk two, and though myself riding tboaJl sands of miles at different times, I have keptfi myself in fair walking, trim, and seized eveiyB opportunity of a two or three days' stroll. Therefore it is not surprising that during the .walk I now speak of I alwaji arrived at my destination at night; after a thirty-five or forty miles' walk, little less fresh than when setting ont in the morning. Upon arriving at Avenel, how ever, upon' the day in question, Ihave avhii recollection of great impatience while the servant girl at the hotel was getting break fast for me. With impatience almost as great she afterwards stood, I remember, at a side table while I proceeded to demolish the monster piece of roast beef before me. The woman evidently wondered whenever I was going to desist, and was no doubt speculating on her master's chance of gaining anything by that transaction. I certainly was hungry when I sat .down in that room at Avenel, but not half as much so, I fear, as two miserable specimens of humanity I overtook soon after leaving that township. At first my sense of the ridioulous was much tickled, and after wards my sympathies aroused, as I drew to. wardsthese, — a little old man, dusty and evi. dently road- weary, and, following immediately after, and clingingto ascarf.heldin thehand and passing over the shoulder of. the former, a diminutive and bowed old woman. To all appearances it was questionable which was better able to drag the other. The old dame; however, was footsore, and had, I noticed, on her feet a pair of boots which, to judge from their Bize, might have been the property of » former lord and master twice the size of the present one. In answer to my question ai to where he was going, the poor old man stiD trudging on, but glancing at mo over a nar row ridge of gray whisker, which, rnnnisg from ear to cheekbone, formed a kind of watershed between tbe fronl face and cheek, replied, in a hopelea tone, "Two or three hundred miles." I after a time persuaded the old folk to conn to a halt, and having supplied the old man with some tobacco, over our pipes he con- fided to ihe, their story. They.were both a certain old age "come Christmas." "Monday was a week" they had started from Melbourne, where with the assistance of a son, now dead, they had eked out a bare liying. They were now on their way to Wagga Wagga — I think it was — where another son " had some land" and would help them. "If we ever get there !" tbe old woman interjected. People had been kind to them, and they usually got food and shelter, and had ridden some distance in a waggon. "But it's a weary way," finished np the old man, looking up the long avenue of gum trees along which onr track lay. Their pace did not suit mine, so, forcing the old dame to accept the few. shillings her better half wonld not take from one who " would soon want it bad hisself may be," and giving the little man a piece of my ."gold-bar"— I fear it seemed poor weak rubbish after the vile stuff he had been accustomed to smoke— I left the poor little folk, 'first exacting a promise that they wonld inquire for me as they passed through the town which was my ultimate destination. 1 never heard again of them. I fear me they never got to the end of that " weary way" "Wagga. Perhaps the long journey ended in some country hospital, or the little - life they had was harrassed out of them by some provincial policeman, fortified with the Vagrancy Act. .Sometime before sunset that evening I descended the hill that leads into.Longwood. Not a hundred mileB from its foot stood a comfortable old hotel, which has now passed into younger.hands I believe, but which, in the days I speak of, two gooi gld people used to keep, one. at least of whom has passed from life's roadside to its goal. Being anxious to write some letters before the.coach passed through on its way to Melbourne, I hurried into the .parlor of 8 the hotel, and, flinging down my swag on the J table, asked the old landlady, whom, as a passenger by coach and baggy; I had always found amiable to a fault, to oblige . me with pen, ink and paper. She now, however, looked at me for. some time without speaking, then going away without a word, sent what I required by a smiling domestic. I scribbled hastily, but my feet were hot and boots heavy, and, forgetting that I was a swagmas, I rang the bell, and upon the silent landlady appearing, requested that she would be so good as to send me a pair of slippers. This was too much for the good old dame. She was si'ent no longer, "Slippers! What's the likes of you here at all for, I should like t know, coming and flinging down of your dirty swag in my parlor, and flopping w. yourself down here in all your dust and dW calling for pen and paper like any gentleman! And now you must have slippers !" She was out of breath, but was beginning again, when 1 was at laBt enabled to reply "my go0® woman I can't discuss the. matter now, mnafc catch the poBfc, and I hear the coach. I'll do without the slippers." "I should fast - yon will ! Slippers indeed !" ehe flung after her, as she hurried off to prepare for the passengers who were how crawling out and scrambling down from the coach, intent on the meal to be bolted while the horses were changed. I did, how ever, enjoy the coveted slippers, for in a few minhtes, the good-natured servant girl who had as she said," heard me "getting it from missus," brought a pair of slippers whieh eeetfied to have walked like myself from Melbourne, so roomy were they ; but they were none the less comfortable, and I was not a little grateful. Some months after this a friend of mine passing down by coach, paving heard the story of the slippers, reminded the landlady of the circumstance, piid listened with amusement to her tirade against the impudence of some of those tramps, and this one in particular. What was her astonishment to hear that the one specially obhoxious was on intimate friend of ber informant, and the son of a person she well knew. But she was equ al to the occasion. There was "certainly some mistake, for the fellow she remembered was a most disreputable-looking character." She certainly considered at the time that J was not "to be trusted, and made me pay the shilling over- night that admitted me (o the comforts of the men's room. I slept soundly, and was on the road again early in the morning before breakfast. . As I drew hear Violet Town I gathered some of the many pretty flowers, one, an orchis, I had not seen before, -and wondered if the place owed its rather romantic name to their existence here in greater profusion than elsewhere. Arrived at the township I dropped a line to town just in time to catch the coach, which rolled up while I wrote. How well do I remember enclosing for my correspondent's sister the "faded flowers" - 1 had carried for the last mile or two ! Strange that those poor little Sowers should now lie in a sacred little corner of my wife's desk J I had no wife then, nor had I thought of one. Another long bush walk of some nine miles lay be tween Violet Town and Baddaginca. The last few miles seemed very long as I stumbled along in the dark over stumps and bashes. I was hungry by reason of an empty stomach, and tired by my long walk of nearly forty miles. I do love to hear, the curlew, but his note was too doleful and plaintive that night. The ouckoo— nicknamed " more pork" — was louder than usual. Squirrels flew from tree to tree in a manner ghost like and silent, alwaysNflying dismally down, down, never up. . Opossums and native cat3 dashed from under the feet of the silent traveller and up the nearest tree as suddenly and with as much scrambling, as possible. Then all was still again, till- the frogs in the waterholes gave the note which the curlew and cuckoo caught up from afar, and dark furry creatures again scrambled in the limbs overhead pre tending to be frightened at the noises they heard every night of their little live3. I was not sorry to step into the cheery little hotel at Baddnginea, and find myself soon seated at a well spread table. As I have in later days dashed past here in the train, which deigns not to stop at so small a place, I have wondered if the good- hearted Irish girl, who for so many years made comfortable the dusty or muddy travellers the coaches dis gorged for a brief respite, is still there. How well can I see her at oho end of the long table ; the mail guard, now of the Sandhurst mail train, at the other, carving for their lives, she, apparently at half a dozen places at a time, with tea, coffee, or beer. The good creature saw that I made a good meal on this occasion, though I was but a tired tramp in her eyes. After passing Beualla and the township of "VVilton, consisting of two public houses and a school, I pushed on along almost the loneliest road I had yet travelled. The telegraph, from which the road wandered far away here, seemed never to tire of running iip rises, down, into creeks, and along an interminable plain. I lay in the shadow of a mighty old gum and slept I know not how long. Suddenly becoming aware before I opened my eyes of the pre sence of someone, I sprang into a sitting posture upon seeing a tall gaunt man stand" ing over me. "Hallo ! what have we got here," said he, stooping, as if in a careless indifferent way to pick up the leather pocket-book that had rolled out of my pocket during my sleep. "That's nothing to do with. you/' replied I, taking up and putting into my pooket the suspicious- looking object, but taking good care to eye the fellow as 1 rose slowly to my feet. We stood face to face and eyed each other for some seconds. J way a little startled, I own, by the snddennes9of all this, which occurred in a moment, but was not frightened, and took care not to appear so. "Look here, you know that's no more yours than mine," said , my companion, after a pause, then in a conciliatory tone— "I'll tell you what I'll do— you hand over a fair half and there'll be an end of it." "I don't hand over a penny," I said decidedly, looking the fellow m the face as if I meant it. "What you want you must take, only look out you don't get what you didn't bargain for." The man clenched his right hand hanging by bis side, and 1 believe -was trying to make up his TOind to see which was the better of us two. But he was one of those who would, never think of fighting without an advantage, who would prefer knocking out the brains of a poor beggar dreaming over a camp fire to measuring strength with him face to face. "By Jove, you're just the kind of fellow I Was wanting to come across," he now' said, changing )iis tone. " Give us your hand '; I was only larking just now." And he held out a filthy hand. " You're just the fellow wanted, and I can tell you of something to your advantage, as the man sayB. Sit down and let's have" a pipe." I preferred standing if it was all the same to bira, ' and had just had a Bmoke before my sleep. "Well; I'll tell you what. There's a place I" know of on the Sydney side where we can pick up a couple of good horses.. I just want a mate what kuows what's what, and off We'll go to that rush at — : — and I know a line of Country there." " Nojv> do you think I am such a fool," I replied, "as to be travelling and camping with a fellow that Wotild ht any moment what he was afraid to try just now — kuook my brains out for an old leather note book" ? Believe me, honesty's the best policy ; if I bad such an fjly conscience as you I might just . now have been as big a our as yon," I continued, as picking up ray swag, which had all' Hie while lain on the gronnd where I had been . sleeping, I turned and walked away. The fellow got- up from the log and made gesticulations and protestations to the effect that' he was- "ready to fight," if I would please " come on but he . himself made no move to "come on", after me. When I looked back after a time - he' ' was again seated on the log and smoking, wondermg perhaps what the pocket-book contained, and how I canie by it. After a bri&f; rest a few miles further on, I pushed on till I found myself on the top of the high ranges 'of GlenroWan," "which form the watershed'-between the valleys of the Ovens and Goulburn- rivers. From this hill is to be seen by far the grandest view on the whole road. Far away to the right rise the Buffalo ranges, with the mountains of North Gippsland in the dim distance.. Beneath are the lovely and fertile plains of the Ovens and Murray, relieved by ranges and rises here and there. As I descended the hill, I tried to'pick out the number of tints of blue and green. I have nowhere in the world seen such beautiful and varied blue tints as in Australian skies and upon our distant mountain ranges. I had a long, long walk that day, but it was the last of myjourney in this direction, and the thought of a warm re- ceptionand pleasant surprise helpedme along. The sun had long gone down, and stars had some time been sparkling clearly in the dark heavens when the lights of one of the prettiest towns in the -Murray district could- be seen glistening through the trees. I know the road well now. This, on the left, is the road to the racecourse. Now I stand oh the pretty little bridge that spanned the creek till a'great flood, angry at thought of the thousands of pounds spent upon it that had been better expended on the roads, in his wrath swept it away. I pass the shop door of a big, but cute, American, who then had so many "irons in the fire " that people said someone's fingers must be burnt, and who, since then, has managed to ruin himself and half the district. As I pass, he little thinks he has ever seen before the tired tramp, who, with a "Good evening, master," trudges on into darkness. No one recognised tho foot-sore traveller .as he passed their shops and doors. But the old Buffalo far away on the one hand, and the Warby Ranges on the other, seemed to be rising out of their black beds of night to catch sight of one who often had told them he loved their clear outlines and deep tints. One of the two rivers, as they both met just at the other side of the town, whispered his companion that he had seen on his bank that very night a dark figure they both knew well in days of old, and gladly they both glided together towards the great' Murray to tell him an old friend was coming.- That evening a mother, her daughter, and a young lady friend sat working in a room of the largest house of this quiet town. Doors 'and Windows are open, and the lamp's light shines out far across tho garden. The gate quietly opcn3. A tall, dark figure passes up tlie walk, pausing now here, and now there, as though to admire into how fine a shrub the little plant he set has grown. He knocks at the hall door, that seems almost 'always to stand wide open, as though inviting all to. enter. "I want to see tho missus," sa'y3 tho dark figure, with the slow articulation and thick utterance of a druuken man. The tall young lady, who has come to the door in the absence of the servant, and of most of the members of the house, trips back terrified to tell the elder of the two ladies that a drunken man is at the door asking for her. "Oh, whafcKghall we do?" they exclaim in an Irish whisper. " So-and-so is away, and' the other's just gone out." "Why he's already in the house," cries one, as two exceedingly heavy boots could bo heard shuffling across the hall. "We mustn't let him see we are alone and frightened," says the old lady, catching up the big lamp, and running with it to the hall, where it was soon held in very close proximity to "the robber's" nose. " What do you mean by coming in here, yon drunken fellow ? Be off at once," and suiting the action to the word, the elderly lady almost singed the apparently drunken fellow ont of the house ; a pair of hazel and a pair of gray eyes, and two very white faces peeping over the lamp-bearer'B shoulder. What deep laid plot of man's wisdom has not been ruined by woman's eye? At the door the globe of the lamp turned up the rascal's broad-brimmed hat. It was again slouched over the face in a moment, but hot before those two pair of eyes had caught another pair of eyes under it. " Why it's 1" cried the owners of tho pale lips and faces, to which color oame quick enough now. How that lamp escaped is a mystery to me. lie who was driven forth so roughly was now dragged in none the less energetically. "Whore have you come from? And what are you doing .in this plight?" were the first of a hundred questions, which are not all answered yet. The only thing that saved that " drunken man " from being torn to pieces was the coating of . dust, which was more effectual than thickest mail, which could soon have been removed, and then—. As it was the tips of two white little fingers carried out the precious hat, held carefully at arm's length, in the same manner the tips of a few other little fingers carried forth the dust-shrouded swag, a pair of huge boots was with like precaution born away in two instalments ; but there sat the moving mass of dust in the midst of the flowered Brussels, and on the spotless green rep, and thought of how jolly it mnst have been for the heroes to come from the wars in the good days of old. . .. 