TOPICS OF THE DAY We understand that M. Blondin will be able to hand over about £100 to His Worship the Mayor for distribution among the city charities from the proceeds of his entertain- ■rent on Monday evening. The annual show in connection with the Clare Agricultural and Horticultural So ciety wiU take plaoe to-day. Special prizes are offered in many classes, end doubtless there will fee a representative and an attractive exhi bition* With reference to an extract appearing in our isnie of the 2ad InsU, from the Border Watch, atating that asheaier in the Tatiara shed ahote 300 sheep in one day. Mr. D. Francis, a ■hearer for 18 yean, has called at this office to state that suoh a feat is absolutely impossible. We quite agree with him. The first meeting of the Directors of the EasM?nd Market Company was held on Tuesday, March 2, in their new Committee room, East- terrace. The Directors were all present. Mr. Thorn. Plajferd. M.P., was duly elected Chairman. Mr. B. Vaughsn was ap pointed Manager; Mr. W. Adams, Secretary ; and Mr. J. O. Vaughan, Market Clerk. Alaige amount of preliminary business was transacted in connection with the Company. The following return ahow? the num ber of paid telegrams transmitted through the Eastern Ertenslon Australasia and China Telegraph Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Friday, February 26:— From the oolomes-South Australia. 6 ; Vie coda, 28; New South Wales, 27; Tasmania, 2; New Zealand, 4; total. 67. To thecolonles &mth; Australia, 10; Victoria, 34; NewBouth Wales. 22; Queensland, 1; Tasmania, 2; New Zealand, 8; total, 77. Grand total. 144. The Timarw Hemld states that a little girl about two years of a*e was suffering from diphtheria, and the disease having assumed a threatening aspect in spite of every other therapeutic recourse, tracheotomy, an operation very rarely performed, was resolved upon. The incision accordingly was made just under the isthmus of the thyroid gland, and a silver tube was Inserted, thus rendering breathing possible, and, consequently preventing suffocation. The child is now quite recovered, the silver tube has been withdrawn, and nought but a slight soar marks the spot where the opening was made. The jrfxteenth session of the North Adelaide Uterary Association was opened on Monday evening last by a general business meeting. There was a fair attendanoe of mem bers. The Bey. J. Langdon Pauoat presided. The reports of the offioers, whioa were of a satisfactory nature, were received. The Asso ciation was shown to be progressing. During Die year some £24 were laid out fn making valuable additions to the ?bniy, and a. con siderable balaace still remains in the hands of the Treasurer. Itwaa decided to open the pro- Mediae* with a soiree on Marah 1L The following is Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line:—Beltana, clear, warm; Strangways Springs, hazy, hot ; Peaks, dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, clear; Alice Springs, dear, fine, warm; Barrow Creek, me, dear, warm; TennantCreek, fine-clear, hot; Powell Creek, dear, warm ; Daly Waters, fine, dear ; Biver Katharine, clear, warm, rain 0-350; Pine Creek, overcast, cool, thunderstorm yerterday, p.m., rain o*l4o ; Yam Greek, cloudy, fine, warm, heavy rate yesterday, p.m.; B?uthport, cloudy, fine; Port Darwin, dose, doll, cloudy. The Committee of the Adelaide Bene volent and Btraagers' Friend Society held their monthly meeting oa Tuesday, the 2nd instant, at the Church Offioe, Leigh-street, air. J. Col. ton, M.P., In the chair. The Treasurer's minute showed* balance in hand of £47 19s. 3d., in. dnding £1010s. subscription from the Bank of Adelaide. The sum voted to relieve the oases of distress brought forward, with that paid for emergency votes ainoe the former meeting, amounted to £8 10s. 6d., being the relief granted in 14 cases. Each member of the Com mittee was empowered to draw to the extent of 20s. during the ensuing month in cases of emergency. The attendance at the Kennedys' enter tainment in White's Booms on Tuesday evening was excellent, in spite of the unfavorable weather. The programme presented on Mon day evening was repeated. The applause was gnat, and several of the songs and glees were ensured. Mr. Kennedy's illustrations, songs, and recitations were all given with so much vigor and tragic power as to completely carry tile sympathies and feelings of the' audienoe with him, and he had to submit to repeated recall*. The concerted pieoes wese as well sung as ever, and were thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed. There wOl be a change of pro gramme to- night. To-night the Amatic Circus, and Tycoon Troupe of Japanese will make their first ap pearance at the BoyaL The stage hat been pre pared for the equestrian performances, and affords a fine ring 38 feet in diameter, which Is Covered with tan and sawdust, laid upon a aeoond floor specially provided for the purpose There in a large troupe of trained hones and ponies, that will be ridden and pnt through their little games by competent riders and teacher*. The Japanese number thirteen, of whom the majority are juveniles. Yesterday | evening there mi a rehearsal of the circus portion of the entertainment in the presence of a number of gentlemen, who were invited for the occasion, and everything passed off satis factorily. To- night's programme is lengthy and varied, and will, in all probability, afford ample amusement to the lovers of the sensational, the curious, and the comic. Ihe Hamilton correspondent of the Kapunda Berali, writing on Ist March, says : —"Several farmers in this locality have lost several head of cattle, principally young stock, by a very singular complaint or disease. Some particular part of the body at first snows every symptom of cran.p. This spreads rapidly, the animal showing signs of great pain, and froth ing at the nose. All that were attacked died, and immediately after death in each ease the body felt as if the bide was inflated with air babbles, a crackling noise being heard on pram ing the part. Within 24 hours the blood was seen oozing through the skin in drops, and In some cases all the hair came off in the hand. On making an incision into the part first affected it was found to be quite bltck. It is thought that these symptoms are similar to those shown in the dreaded disease odled •blackleg.'" On Tuesday afternoon, March 2, at about half-past' 3 o'clock, a pur of horses, at tached to a buggy, belonging to the S.A. Go vernment, bolted in Murray-street, Gawler,and having proceeded about 50 yards, ran into a Btrong waggon with four horses attaohed, be longing to Mr. Small, a German farmer, of Auburn. They were brought to a standstill by smashing the front put of the carriage-work, the collision throwing one of the horses that had bolted, down. The waggon hones on re ceiving the shodc and hearing the noise, started off also, and soon got into a gallop, throwing out, as they proceeded on their headlong course, some of the thlng? comprised in the load. A valuable new ohaffoutter was thus entirely des troyed, being broken in pieces on the metal road, in front of the Exchange Hotel. The bolters ultimately atopped at the Foundry, King-street, doing no other damage than that mentioned. Respecting New Guinea the Times has the following significant announcement: "It is highly probable that the results of the ex. piorations which Her Majesty's ship Basilisk has brought to a successful conclusion in the Papuan Archipelago may give an impetus to the schemes concocted in the Australian colo nies for the annexation of New Guinea to the dominions of Great Britain in the South Seas. Such an agitation would derive encouragement from the success with which the incorporation of Fiji as « colony of the Grown has been carried through in spite of severe criticism and power, ful opposition. It has reasons in its favor much more solid and striking than any that could be adduced in support of the brilliant possibilities with which Mr. Jnlins Vogel has lately dazzled the colonists of New Zealand; yet it involves an extension of empire co vast that we may well I shrink from tho inevitable discussion. 'What ever may be the fate of the proposal when it comes to be seriously raised, we are justified in saying that it cannot be settled as lightly and quickly as was the annexation of Fiji." We have received from Messrs. E. S "^S^ S«^ls c*«,'ro^ by.E- a WMtworth, entitled "OobVs Box." Like some of Mr. ! Whitworth's former works, this consists of a ! aeries of weU-told tales, supposed to have been repeated to the author on the box seat of one of Oobb's coaches in the various parts of Australia and New Zealand. The tales are strung together with a slight thread of narrative, and are prefaced by a capital introduction, giving a historical sketch of the great Coaching Com pany which for near a quarter of a century has been known in the colonies as " Cobb's." The tales are supposed to be told either by the coachmen or by fellow-travellers of the author, and they form interesting reading. They com prise "The Murder by the Hut," " How James Bradley Game up to Time," '• The Dream Wit ness," "Maohett Under Difficulties," "The Ghost in the Glass," "Sum and Sitters," and "A Grim Joke." Though the stories are! possessed of various degrees of merit, they are all worth reading, and they give a good idea of some phases of colonial life. A capital joke is current respecting one of the Torke's Peninsula newspapers and a candidate who was very low on the poll at the recent Wallaroo election. The day after one of the great meetings the paper in question j came out with a leading article, in which it spoke of the aspirant* to parliamentary honors as following each other in their speeches with a string of iterations, each one repeating with almost poll-parrot imitativeness the utterances of the others, and all displaying the most per fect ignorance or unconcern about local topics which they scarcely deigned to mention. The candidate I am referring to thereupon waited upon one of the proprietors of the journal, and complained of the leader as grossly unfair "for," said he, "I devoted 25 minutes of my address entirely to local matters." "Well," was the reply, "yon cannot expect us to manage as the Adelaide papers do. We are very ehorthanded; we have a small reporting staff, and a small staff in the office, so that leader had to be set np before the meeting took place." I give this yarn as I received it, and hope no one will try to spoil so good a story by going into particulars, or exploding it alto gether.—" Tabbke." The following particulars of murder and outrage by natives at the laura Biver, North^Queensland, are given by the Cooktomi Herald:—" Four men were living on the banks of the Iranra Elver, at the crossing-plaoe—tiiree in charge of the Government boat, the fourth in charge of the mail eontraetor'a stables. The first intimation the parly had of any blacks being in the vicinity was on Monday evening. About sundown, Brady, who was sitting by the camp fire, had his meditations suddenlybrought toanunpleasantendbyfindingfour spears thrown at him. He started to run to bis tent, a few yards distant; while so deing, a spear struck him In the (high, ami penetrated through the front. Blair, the man who was killed—a man well known in town—seems to have been sitting at the door of his own tent, a short distanoe on. He started to run to Brady's tent, and had a spear stuok through his spine, and fell down dead at the tent door. The other two men euaped unhurt. We suppose there is scarcely any use in reiterating onr appeal to the Govern, ment upon the subject of police protection; yet ie is a matter of grave importance when we state this murder took place on the main road to the Palmer, along which scores of men travel almost dally. The 'niggera' had evidently watched these men—possibly for hours—ttu they caught them away from their tents, and consequently bom their firearms; then they made a rash, the remit being the sudden death of one man, and the disabling of a seoond. This particular spot has always borne an unenviable notoriety, as being mere infested withblaoks than any other part of the road." According to the Melbourne Argus, one of the latest sensations in " the hub of the universe," as the inhabitants of Boston, U.S., are pleased to call it, Is the appearanoe of a Chinese missionuy, who has acquired the English language, and is animated with a fer • vent desire to convert tile people of New Eng land to the faith of Confucius, whose five cardinal doctrines he stated to be gravity, pro priety, sincerity, virtue, and filial love. Wong Chin Foo succeeded in attracting lane audT enoasto the Parker Memorial Hall: and the people, who were at first Inclined to be amused at the audacity of Ms attempt, appear to have been considerably impressed by his earnestness and eloquence. He asserted that society in China, taken as a whole, is moresuioere, moral, Ingenuous, and cultivated than aoaiety is Europe or America, and ingeniously aimed that tiie worahip of a few visible images, as practised by his countrymen, was "nloar and quicker" than the adoration of snob, idols aa rank, wealth, and fashion. by the Ante, ricui Athenians. He contrasted the Ar cadian simplicity and kindliness of the rural population of his own country with the cruelty, greed, selfishness, diroon tont, and barbarity of Europeans aad Ante rlcans, and affirmed that there are fewer murders annually oomndtted amour the 450,000,000 of people whTare rowdSd to! P^SJ"- 0? 1?* *£?* amolW *he 40.C00.000 inhabitants of the United States. The No* Tori Time*, in wunmarliifag his clever and telling address, observes:—" He seems to have retained an unwavering love for and belief in the religion and society of the oonntry of the Celestials, and he has begun an active mis sionary work here. He mourns over our In completeness, our lack of repose and gravity, our profuse expenditure, our business greed, and our niter want of filial reverence. Nothing, he thinks, can lift us from onr degradation but the religion of Confucius, which raised China from a low and disturbed condition, and gave her so many oenturies of brilliant pesos. Wong Chin Foo earnestly expresses the hope that fol lowers of the Chinese philosopher may at onoe spring up here, and his audacity may yet result in a Confndus class,' into whose ranks young Boston may flock to listen to tile teachingsof the exiled aristocrat" This retort of a China man is as curious a sign of the times as the letters of remonstranoe in the Times from £ndoo law students on a missionary address by the Archbishop of Canterbury. ■"*>*"— Car Messrs. W. Wadhass & Co. request ns to call attention to their Sale by Auction This Day, In White's Booms, at 12 o'clock, of various Freehold Properties in Town, Suburbs, and Country. Bee Advertisements. 4srWe aw requested by Mnaws. Pstcard and Chambers to remind gentlemen Interested in racing and breeding that tile imported KngUsh Thoroughbred Entire Proto-Martyr will be sold byan^nTiusPay,attiwKoydHoiM?a«aar, wZoooski 