NEWS BY THE MAIL. .'VIA SUEZ. _ ENGLISH AND FOREIGN. Pmnce Bismaiick. has gone to Lauenburg. Count jMoltke' has also left Berlin, on leave for tho .summer months. Tho North German Gazette says that no person sending le.tters to Prince Bismarck during his absence from. Ber lin, need expect any answer, or even acknow Ifido-mfirit. An indictment has hnrm drawn nn against the Catholic socioties of Berlin in con nection with Kullman's : attempt to assassinato Princo Bismarck, arid the' trial will probably take place next month. A rolative of tho lato Archbishop of Posen, ? recently arrested at Cracow on suspicion of being implicated in a plot against tho lifts of Princo Bismarck and that of tho Minister of Public Worship, has been. handed over -to tho Prussian authorities, and is now awaiting his trial at Berlin. Mr. Torinyson, has, it is stated, at last sent to tho press tho drama which ho has had so long on hand. It ib entitled ' Queen Mary : a Drama,' and embraces the life of Mary.. Tudor from her accession: to her death, together with the chief scenes in. her feign.' The Athenaeum states that it is proposed' to calendar and publish the records of the Scotch Privy Council from tho beginning of Queen ; Mary's reign down1 to the Union. It has beon decided that tho Edinburgh me morial to tho lato Mr. Adam Black, tho pub lisher, is to take tho form of a statue,, to be erected either in the old or new town. In the Royal Library at Berlin a collection has been formed of books, newspapers, paint ings, sketches, and sculptures relating -to tho Franco-Prussian war. ' The Battlo of Dork ing' is included in the collection.* Captain Boytdn's life- saving apparatus, though fully deserving its title, labours at present under thq. disadvantage of being nearly as costly as a costume by Worth. This objec tion may perhaps be removed in' time, but meanwhile o simple and easily availablo lifo preserver has, according to the Scotsman, been introduced to the notice of shipping and emi gration agencies in Glasgow. The preserver consists of two pillows, of prepared corkwood, ?with an upper padding of hair, covered with mattress tick.. The pillows aro attached to each other in such a manner that when about to be used they can be placed one on the back and tho other on tho chest, and tied, the headand shoulders being thus kept abovo water. Thoy have been tested, and tho two have been found capablo of supporting a man' twenty stone breast high. The pillows can be made useful as articles of bedding during the passago, and every passenger can in a few minutes' notice of dangor put them to use as life-preservers. A new attraction has just arrived -which bids fair to cast tho performances of Moody and Sankey into the shade. This is ' Minos,' who, after haying mado tho tour of Europe and shown off his accomplishments to- nearly all its crowned heads, has come to London as a candidate for the favour of fashion. ' Minos ' is a dog_, but his solid acquirements -not to speak of accomplishments, are such as to suggest tho doubt whether it might not, after all, pay better to educate dogs than children. , Let the school boards look to their laurels. This wonderful animal, wo aro told, ' by means of a double alphabet of soparato letters, writes words ; ho also displays his thorough efficiency in the four first rules ^f arithmetic— addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.' If all talcs are true, but few of the childrori who recoivo compulsory education leavo school able to do as much. We fear, howover that thero is something uncanny about tho sagacity of ' Minos,' for ho is, it seems, ablo to traco a likeness botweon photographs and tho subjects they ..lmvo boon taken from. Further, 'his sleight of hand equals, if it tloos not surpass, that of tho most expert conjuror.' ' ? The New Pkayeii Book. — Archdeacon Leo has recoived and published lottors — ono from Dr. Pusoy, the other from Canon Liddon — ap- proving of his disregard of tho Irish Church Synod and his, endeavour to found a Church in Tvhich tho old Prayer-book' shall bo retained. Dr. Pusoy compares tho 'proceedings of the Synod to tho Ai'ian attempts to supplant tho Niceno Creed by creeds of their own, which should convoy to tho oar somothing sounding liko tho truth, but in fact denying it. Dr. ?Pusoy writes : — ' I cannot but hope that your good Archbishop (Trench) must, when tho time seems to him to bo como, repudiate tho new Prayor-book, with its disingenuous interpreta tion, and must officiato according totheoldrito. Still, tho bligbear which frightens people and hinders their looking at tho ovil of those changes in tho faco is tho droud of schism; as «if this dishonest Prayer-book wore noj in itself schis ma.tic and tho instrument of schism. I think thus that your movomont is right to show' Churchmon that if this fuilh-dcstroying_ Prayer- book is insisted upon tho schism which they dread is inovitablo.' Canon Liddon writes that tho foundation of such a church as that proposed by Archdeacon Leo seoms to bo, under tho cir cumstances, desirable. ' If events should show that,'in consequence of tho action of tho Irish 'Synod' (so to term a mixed conference of clergymen and laymon), iho old Churoh of Iroland is indeed lost as a witness to primitivo truth, this now foundation would serve as a point of dopavturo for a new organization. If, on tho othor hand, as wo must still hopo and pr,ay, tho' ovil spirits of Puritanism and unbelief will eventually, loavo hor, and sho would return to tho complete inheritance of faith and wor ship which has jH- long bound her to tho church of England, the .now building and foundation mightj. bo a useful addition to her rosourccs. MeatLJvhilo I am thankful to know that Irish 'laymen aro withdrawing support from a body* which does not longor publicly confess it to bo ?necessary to otornal salvation that a man should . 'boliovo rightly in the incarnation* of our Lord Jesus Christ, and you will, I hope, allow mo to oxjircss to you tho deep rdvarenco I fool for ,-your consistent refusal to, take part or lot in tho degradation, if it bo not tho ruin, of a great' historical Church.' Dr.' Pusey promises £.50 and 'Canon Liddon dGlOO towards tho Arch \ deacon's now church.' — Pall Mull Gazette. SrmrruALlsM IN UussiA. — The St. Poterp burg correspondent of tho Journal des DSbats says that there ie a great mania for spiritualist* manifestations in that city just now, and that the popularity of Ilomo is far exceeded by that which a Fronohman named Brodiffo at present enjoys. Home vvaB lookod upon as' something of a dilettante, for ho only hold his seanoes in those houses to which ho was an invitod guest, whereas M. Brediffo is always ready to ' mani fest ' at the rate of throo roubles per head to a company not exceeding ton persons. As plonty of porabnB aro willing to pay throb roubles on tho chance of Boein» spirits, he does a.vory flourishing trade. Tho correspondent of tho Dcbats says that among tho beliovora in M. Brodiffo are several profossora of science, ono of whom, M; Wagnor, has published hia profes sion of faith in tho lastnumbor of tho European Messenger. TliiB declaration, appearing in a magazine which has so much influonoo in Russian society, created a great impression, but so far only two journals have mado any effort to refute M. Wagner's statements. Tho corresr p'ondent adds that, ridiculous as the pretensions' of the Spiritualists are, it is none the less to bp regretted that their doctrines should find Bcoep tanco with men of intellect, for it happens that, at this very time, tho Government is endea vouring to put down tlio fortune tollers, and to' root out the popular belief in wood-domons, .ghosts, ghouls; &c.; . ? ... . The Roman correspondent of the Daily News quotes from tho Osservatore Romano an article . in which that journal reads the Princo of Wales a severe lesson for accepting tho Grand Master ship of the English FrooinasonB. It ascribes the downfall of Charles X.,- Louis Phiflippo, and Louis Napoleon to their connection with the oraft, and implores tht Prince to lako warning, before it is too late. 