BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Thursday evening the Rev. H. Mason preached in the Young-street Chapel in connec tioa with the District Meeting from Colossian i 27-28. The sermon was earnest and practical. Fourth Session. The Chairman gave out a hymn, the Secre tary read a portion of Scripture, and the Kev. C. Tresise engaged in prayer. The Pastors' reports of the spiritual state of their circuits were read,_ and the meeting went into Committee to consider them. A lengthy and interesting discussion followed, in wnica Bevs. J Hanceck, O. Lake, J. Thorne, J. Rock, J, Stoyel, K. Kelley, 0. Tresise, T. McNeil, W. H. Hoskinp, and Means. W. Radford aad J. Sjmons took port. The following resolution was then adopted:—' That in reviewing the spiritual state of the District we feel there is reason for humility before God. Whilst there is a delightful unity among the ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies, sweet seasons of blessings have been realized by us in the preach ing of the Word, many sinners have been con verted, sixty- four persons bave been add 3d to the number of our Society, yet we feel wa hivo not reached the point we dears. We had hop*l for larger accession* to the Church, and tlere are complaint! in some directions of the negUct of the Lord's Supper and other social means of grace, and consequent barrenness of soul, to that we feel earnestly to pity for a baptism of the Holy Ghost and the power aeat down from heaven, and from our hearts we «tfll cry, *O Lord, revive thy work.' ' This subject occupied the whole of the morning. Mr. J. Oaborne, who has laboured ?ucceatfully during the part year, was reoeired ai a candi date for the ministry. A communication was received from th9 Primitive Methodist District Meeting concerning the sale of Craters Chapel, and a reply was sent. ▲ Committee, consisting of the Bevs. J, Hancock, J. Trewin, C. Treeise, and J. Thome. Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symons, was appointed to draw up a scheme for the education of eligible young men for the ministry, and to report on the subject on Monday morning. Fifth Skssioh. On the motion of fiev. J. Bock the following resolution of sympathy with Bev. T. Allen, whose present state of health necessitates at least a year's rest, was recorded— 'That we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Bro. Thomas Allen's health has so seriously failed that immediate and entire rest from ministerial labour ia necessary. We assure our dear brother of our deep and warm sympathy with him in his severe affliction, and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means used for his restoration to health he may Boon be perfectly restored, and resume his work amongst us.' After many expressions of regret at the affliction of Mr. Allen it was unanimously decided that he have a year's rest with a view to the recovery of his health. Eapunda Circuit asked that an extra minister be appointed, Balary guaranteed. One to be sent if possible. The Northern Areas asked for at least one more. Another to be sent if pos sible. 