A YANKEE SERMON. A correspondent reminds us of the pro ceedings of Messrs. Moodic and Sankcy, in London, and expresses indignation at their contemplated visit to Australia, tljc gentle sum of £J0u0 having previously to be guaranteed. We nre requested to re print n sermon given some time since nt Natcrproof, Brandon, Miss., showing the tunc iudulgcd in by the American prea cher j "I may sny to yon, ray brecthcring, that I am not an edccntcd man, an' I nm not one o' them as blccvcs that cdccntion is neces sary fur a gospel minister, fur I blccve tlic Lord edccatcs his preachers jest nshc wants 'in to be cdccatcd, an', although 1 say jt that oughtn't to say it, yet in the State of Indinnny, whar I live, ttmr's no man as gits a bigger congregation nor what I gits.) " Thar may be some here to-day, iqy brcethring, as don't know what persuasion I nm uv. Well, I may say to you. my brcethring, that I'm a Hardshell Baptist. Thnr's some folks us don't like the Hard shell Baptists, but I'd ruthcr Itcv a hard shell as no shell at all. You see me here to-day, my brcethring, drest up in fi>e close ; you mout think I was proud, but T am not proud, mv hrecthring,anil althouvh I've been a preacher uv the Gospel- for twenty years, an' although I'm capting ol that flat boat that lies at yure landing, I'm uot proud, my breethriug " I'm not gwitic to tell you " cdzuckly " wliar my text may be found ; suffice it tu say, it's in the leifs of the Bible, ni» you'll liiui it, somewhar 'tween the first chapter of the book of Generation and the last chapter of Revolutions, and of you'll go and sarchthe Scriptures, us I have sarchud ihcScripturcs you'll uot only fiad " my" tcx thar, hut a great many other " texes " ns will do you good to read, an' my tex, when you shill find it to read thus: — (nndhe played on a harp uv a thousand strings— spirits of just men made pcrfcck.' " My tex brcethring, leads me to speak uy spent. Now thurs a great many kinds of spcrits iu the world— in the lust place, thar's the sperits as sum folks call ghosts, then thar's the spcrits uv turpun time, and then thar's the spcrits ns sum folks call liquor, an' Lv'e got ns good an nrtikcl ol them kind uv spcrits ou my llat-boat as ever was fetched down the Mississippi River, hut thar's a great iiiauy other kiutls of spcrits, for the tex suys: — 4 He played on a harp uv a thousand strmgs — sperits of iust men made porfeck.' ButTll tell you the kind of sporlts as is mcut in the tex, it's Jirc. That is the kind of spcrits ns is meat in the tcx, my hrecthcring. Now thar's a great many kinds of fire in the world. In the fust place, the common sort uv fire you lite a segar or pipe with, and then thar's c(im- (irc, fire before your reddy, and full hack, and many other kinds uv fire, for the tcx hcz :— 4 Me played on a harp of a thousand strings— spcrits of just men made pcrfcck.' " But I'll tell you the kiml uv tire as is mailt iu the tcx, my hrecthcring — it's hell Jirc I nil' that's the kind uv fire as a great many uv you'll come to, of you don't do better lior whnt vmi hnvn hitt ilntn'— fnr He played on the harp uv a thousand strings — spcrits uv just men made pcrfcck.' " Now, the different sorts of fire in the world may he likened unto the different persuasions of Christians in the world. Iu the fust place we have the Piscapalions; and they arc a high-sailin' and a high- fatutiu set, and they he likened unto a turkey buzzard that files up into air, and he goes up nnd up till be looks no bigger than your finger nail, and the fust thing 3011 know, he cuius down ami down, and down and down, and is filltu himself on the Icnrkiss of u dead boss by the side uv the road — and 4 He played on a harp of a thousand strings — spcrits of just men made pcrfcck.' " And then thar's the Methedis, and they may be likened unto the squirrel, runniii' tip into a tree, for tlic Methedis believes in gwine on from one degree of grace to another, nnd finally on to pcrfcck- shun, and the squirrel goes up mid up, and lie jumps from lim' to lim', nnd branch to branch, and the first thing you kuow he falls and down he cuius, kerflumux, and that's like the Methedis, for the is idlers fullm from grace, ah I And — 4 He pl»3'cd on n harp ofa thousand strings — spcrits of just men made porfeck.' 44 And then my brethcring, thar's the Baptist, ah ! and they have liint likened unto n possum on a 'siuuiou tree, aiul the thunders may roll, and then the earth may quake, and the possum clings there stili, ah! And you may shake one foot loose, and the other's thar, aiul you may shake all feet loose, and lie laps his tail around the limb, and he clings furcvcr, for, 4 I ie played on a harp uv a thousand strings— sperits of just men made perfoek." Here tlic reporter could no iongcrcontain himself, niul his notes became entirely un intelligible. 