MY ' UNLUCKY FRIEND Among my /ellsw-passengers en the overland route from Calcutta there were nj.'.ny of a more lively temperament and social turn than Mr. John Angus Harlow, civil engineer ; yet it was to that gentleman I chiefly attached myself during my homeward voyage, some years agu. He was forty years of age, grave — nay, indeed, almost stern of epeech and manner ; a man whom very few feminine critics would have called handsome, but in whose dark, thoughtful face, deep- set gray eyes, and strongly- marked black eye brows there was a stamp of in'elleotual power which no physiognomist could Jail to recognise. His professional re putation was high, and he was com monly reputed a rich man. He was a bachelor, and was now returning to bis native country an invalid, hiving over taxed bo:h mind and body in the cause of a late arduous undertaking in railway construction. I too, a lieu tenant in Her Majesty's service, was returning home on sick-leave, but with little claim to pity on the score of ill- bealtb, and with most cheerful antici pation of a pkoeant holiday among familiar semes and old friends. I had met Mr. Marlow ij society be fore leaving Calcutta, and the ice being thus broken between us, our acquaint- ance soon ripened into something more than the ordinary oompahionahip of fel low-travellers He was my senior by fifteen years, and in evidently weak health ; so i was pleased to ba of use to him in any small matters whereby I might spare him the fatigue of the jour ney, and to defer on all occasions to his humour. i found him very variable in mood, ot timas silent and thoughtful to an extreme degree, at other times lull of pleasant conversation. He had road much and thought much ; had a warm appreciation of art, and a refined taste in all matters; bnt was not a man likely to sh ne in general society. He grew singularly depressed in manner as we drew near the end of our journey ; and while we walked the deck of tbe steamer together one moonlight night, smoking our cigars in meditative silence, I ventured to make some remark on the subject.' ' Gloomy, do you think me?" he asked ; " and I daresay you, -are right. I ought to be glad to Eee England again, no doubt, but I cannot summon up any s-nse of pleasure in the antici pation. I have be"n so long away from — well, I suppose one must call one's birthplace home — that I have lost all interest in the place and its belong- ihgs. Those whom I loved are uead The voyage is altogether a concession to my doctors. I was happy in the pursuit 'of my profession, and I like India." ' " Fou must find life rather dismal up the oountry," said I, " as a bache lor." ' "Yes," he answered, with a faint sigh. " It is lonely enough ; but a man who works as hard as I have done has little time to feel the loneliness of his life." " You should marry, and take a wife back to India with you," I ventured to suggest. He gave a short little laugh, as he threw away the end of his oigar. " I finished with that kind of thing when I waB twenty," he Baid. " I had my dream, and it came to a bad ending. I am not a man to ba fooled twice." It was late in October when we landed at Southamptoa I was engaged to spend the ni>xt month in Scotland with a brother officer, but my Christmas was to be pissed at my father's house in "Warwickshire; nnd before parting with John Marlow, I extorted a pro mise that he would run down to us for a week at that feBtive season. He made the promise somewhat unwillingly, though not ungraoious'y. " It is vary good of you to care for suoh a dull old fellow ns I am, Frank," he said ; and with this we parti d. Whin my month's sport iD Scotland was ended, I hastened home in high spirits and rude health. I found my three sisters — Ciarn, Georgy, and Jessy — waiting I or me at the railway s'ation ; three tall blooming damsels, whom I had left some years before in pinafores and short skirts. They were eager t > tell me all the home news, and , be wildered me with their chatter ae we drove from the station to the lodgo- gates. " We have a new governess, Frank" said Clara, when they had informed me of all the births, deaths, marriages, and engagements to marry among our friends and neighbours; "Poor old Miss Colby's health gave way at last, end she has taken a dear little cottage in Lord Leigh's model village. So papa insisted on getting seme one else to finish us in musio and languages, and so oh. Miss Law eon, our new governess is only twenty, two yearn older than I, but she is very aocom phabed and so pretty. I hope you won't fall in love with her, Frank." This I protested was a most impro bable contingency, but I was not the less curious to see the lady in ques tion. "You will have plenty of her so ciety, " said Georgy; "she is always with us. Papa likes her amazingly." As.my father had been ten years a widower, I suggested that this liking on bis part might be dangerous, but the three girls immediately repudiated the idea, and I was content to defer to their judgment. When we assembled in the drawing room before dinnir, I found Miss Lawson talking to Gsorgy in one of the windows, and had some few minutes' leisure in which to observe her before my sister beckoned me' aorosB the room in order to present me to the stranger. Sha was a tall, ' atisiooratio.-lopking girl, with a perfeot profile, dark- brown hair, hazel oyes, and a singularly pale complexion ; a girl whom no one oould fail to observe and admire, but about whose beauty there might, nevertheless, be some difference of opinion. Whea- I bad been talking to her for some minutes, her expression struck me ns not altogrtber agreeable. Her lips were too thin for my notion of feminine beauty, and tbe obtu and mouth a shade toe decided- Her eyes were perfect in color, but I thought tboui somewhat wanting in- depth and softnesB. Not long, however, did I remain oritioal upon tbe subject of Miss Lawson'e beauty. There was a charm about her voioe and manner not easily to bo re sisted by a man of my age ; and when I retired to my room tbnt night I bad no feeling but unqualified admiration of my sister's governess. I told taem next day of my invitation to Mr Marlow, and bis taking thereof. ' I wi-h be might take a fnnoy to yau, Clara," I said, laughing. ' It would be a capital match. John Mar low is one of the best friends I ever met, and a rich man into the bargain." " And forty years of age, as you ad mitted just now," exclaimed Clara, in dignantly; " I am not so desperately in want of offers, Mr. Frank, nor so mercenary as to care for your friend's money."- Miss Lavpson looked up from n water--, colonred sketch which she was finishing -for -Georgy. ' " Mr. John Marlow," she repeated; " my mother once knew a gentleman of that name. Do you know if he comes from Hadleigb Court, Lincolnshire ? " " Yes, Miss Lawson. He ownB a place of that name, I believe. Have yon ever seen him ? " " O dear no I He went to India be fore I was born. I have heard my mother speak of him. That is all I know of the gentleman." _ Christmas came, and with it several visitors; amongst them John Angus Marlow. He had improved in health ; but his quiet manners seemed more than usually quiet when compared with tbe somewhat boisterous gaieiy of our country friends, whose high spirits had never been subdued by hard work or oriental sunshine. My sisters voted him the dullest of bachelors, and de clared that his society was absolutely depressing. " There must be some melancholy secret connected with this poor man's early life," said Clara ; and I believe Margaret Lawson knows nil about it. You should have seen his face when I introduced hiin to hev, Frank. Ha started as it he had seen a ghost, but said nothing, and seemed quite glad to get away from her after a few for mal sentences about the weather, and Bit on." This was on the morning after my friend s arrival. :I watobed hbTT ments m the drawing-room that even ing. nnd saw that he studiously avoid Miss Lawson's society, devoting himlj chiefly ti my sister Clara, who b Sf on this occasion to find him bv means dull or disigreeable. 3 ao We smoked our cigars together thai night on a terrace outside the drawing room windows, when the rest of8" party. bad retired; nnd while wa doing so, John Marlow astonished m8 by Baying, u 1110 "Should you he very angry, Ffani. if I brought my visit to an abrupt cW and leave yon to- morrow morninn-T' an early train J" & J 