CASTERTON, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) November 23 Tbe past week has not been plethoric of Incident, There is, strange to say, a dearth of interesting matter. We are going on in our usual humdrum manner, and but for the speculative concern we have in matters beyond our control— and partly, perhaps, beyond our ken— it is not improbable that we soon should be past all surgery, and expire of inanition. Providence, they say provides for and watches over the meanest sparrow, and let us hope that the mental pabulum so necessary to our artificial existence is not far distant— that the con voy is on the road. Tbe concert held here on Saturday last was a success in all points. The singing was better than usual, the ladies being, it is almost needless to say, well received ; but it is still necessary to say that they (the ladies) were worthy of their reception, and the compliments accorded them were spon- taneous ebullitions of the most genuine feeling. The Muntham amateurs are also highly spoken of, and to the praise very freely lavished on all con cerned and connected with this entertainment I have not heard a dissentient voice. 1 see that the Casterton Neas arrogates to itself the position of being at the head and front of affairs connected with oar Shire Council, and states that it publishes more voluminous and complete records of shire transactions than any other paper. This I deny, and confidently appeal to any of tbe public who read such matters to support me in my denial. I am aware that I have not sought to ingratiate myself into the favour of the powers that be, and may consequently, through favouritism, at times be placed at a disadvantage; bnt there is one thing certain, that if I cannot lay claim to the virtue of voluminousness, I at least may brag, in my small way, of the equally opposite qualities of correctness and conciseness. How strange the incidents In the trial of the donble-dyed convict Weechureh. It is like a glimpse of the nether world, and, colonists ol long standing, the resuscitation of names such as Shanklin, the murderer, and Scott, alias Captain Moonlite, is like a visit to a charnel house, or the rehabilitation of the ghosts of memories we had imagined to be altogether effaced. A wedding took place hereto-day, in which more than ordinary Interest was exhibited by our usually undemonstrative population. Both the lady and gentleman have appeared as amateurs on the boards of our "theatre," and have done our local Interests good service to that capacity; and I fear bo contradiction when I say that the generally expressed aspirations for the welfare of the twain now made one are aa sincere as they are numerous. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. W. K. Brodribb, ana after the mystic conversion had been completed, the friends of the bride and groom sat down to a wedding breakfast, which, as every one knows, Is a most pleasant meal, and was in this case an exemplification instead of an exception to the rule. The rumour I alluded to in my last respecting the gift of a site to the Mechanics' Institute com mittee, by Mr. George Robertson, of Warrock, is now a fact, tbe deposit money having been already paid, and the final steps to be taken, previous to formally handing over to tbe committee tbe deed of gift, depends entirely upon the time occupied in its legal transferrence. I see that tenders have been called for by the Postmaster-General for re-poling tbe telegraph line between Portland and the Western boundary, via Hamilton and Casterton, and that specifications can be seen ml the post office, Portland, Casterton, or Hamilton. 