The Education Question in ? Ballarat. (Vram llio Sallarat Courier of SBth u!t.) . Tub ICilucitinn Act Iibb beet) sutjeoted to another ueaault. Two tb*u:ati4 per* bum a<-si'mli1i'd in St, Patrick's Cathedral, Stnrt ftrci't, on Tucfiluy evening, and uttered as many Utter tilings ncni;ist this measure o» the lienrt of tnan could prompt. It was dcsoriliBd as godless, tyrsonioal, and unjust-«s a voilntiou of the Old nnd New Ti'ftBinetits and as a di<pmcoful inter foronco ultn parental and. civil rights, . The _ propriety of the Honian Catholic* meeting together to denounce any mea fnre of wtiii'ii tiicy do not approve, we Very mriliiilly admit. They faro 'the Queen's liiyal subjects, equally with tlioie I'riitctlontu, wlm rc»p"ct hor jcrfon and olicy the lows tnndu in herdhrioj oonte qtlently they linvc the eameHjlhltO pri-ss tlicir opinions upon nuyp»rVoif tlie Ktuuite Hciolt-j us ,mv oilier eoctfnriof the propK We umke tbiB admission at the outset, hooouBo we are awatethai a largo number of perBoni regard these tneitlnjgB, to denounce the Education Act, us tin offd&ce; committed aguinut the people and tbe laws of propriety, than wbioh no con. elusion could bo more erronoous or unjust. Butt when wo depart from this view ul Tuesday evening's demembration we art upon nnvtbing but all-fuurs with, tin gentlemen, reverend and lay, who spoke ii. 8t. . Putriuk'ts Cathedral ou that occ&t;>ion. Indeed, Wu can hardly understand bow m» nanny miBoonceptioDs could have nrifieii iu n altered edifice. For instance, a tiiiu lino of insinuation ran throuyli the wllole of the speeches, tliBt the Kducation was onuotcd with a view to assail the Koraan Cutholie religion, wbiob, of course is quite cuntrary to fact. The Kducation Act was frainctl end passed to bring those children within | the reaoli of tbe schooluiobter, who were growing op uninstruetcd in thoso mental principles which enter sj largely into t!u* j wellbetog of order and sooiety ;and tbe uprise or downfall of Jtmianisni in the colony hai uo more to do with the matter thau the abolition of State aid tD religion was designed .to subvert the principles nl Christianity, It is, therefore, a weak device of its enemies to import this sects-, rian element into the question since tliree fourtim of those persons who would make any sacrifice rather 'than this statute should'bo interfered whli, arc thoroDghly catholic at heart; that is to s*y they have as much respect for liberty <>i conscience, and as little desire to interfere witb Uoman Oathulicism, as the most pro nounoed free-thinker in existence. It was felt, however, that the Act must ho purely ; secular in its operations, or it would lie open to this interpretation; so that the object of the Legislature was Ibe very antithesis of that which was insiuuatcit against it at St, Patrick's on Tuesday evening. Passing from this uncharitable view taken of tbe Kducation Act, we come to consider two salieut objections whioli were urged against it by the chief speaker on that oocasiou. Bishop O'Connor con-, tended that tbe education of a child was expressly vested by tbe Almighty in the parent, and that the Legislature had taken nway this privilege, and broken the Divine law, by its interference. Now, we drnj tioth these propositions in tolo. That God has commanded parents *t<> instil moral principles into the minds of their children is of course an empatbic truism; but that the alaiitfhty lias laid dutro any guidinp priuciplo fcy which chilu'rcn should be in. structed in ;resding,: writing, and arith lactic by'tbeir parents, is ta utterly erroneous its any gratuitous assumption could well be. Few parents are competent or have the time at their disposal, to teach ] their children tbe principles of secular I eduoation-.apd.it is only secular education that has anything to do with the Education j Act It is therefore putting an absurdity j into the jnouth of the Great Creator tu 1 make the assertion which Dishop O'Connor expressed, cud which could not-aud would not--be realised by tbe Biahop him self, were all that lie neks for conceded to kirn to-morrow. Tfie church, tbe Ssbliath school, clerical visitation, and family prayers still remain open for Uio inetrnc-' tlbtt of children in the tnanupr enjoined by Holy Writ j and m> long as these means of religious instruction arc not interfered with by the Siate, «o long is' tbe Bible re spected by law, Mod so lonx parents can fulfil flieir obligations to - their children after the manner which has been imposed upon them by Aluiijhiy God. Tno fact is th»t the Bishop in this part of his speech miked up two robjectB, which littve nothifig in common, and thus be fell iuto a very awkward and tin mi dokeuMe misappra {tension. Another error fallen into by De. O'Connor is contained in the fullowiug ex tract from ,|ifs speech as repor.'cd in our columns yesterday morning ; - *' Snme friends to the »y»ti'm argue tint it (the Education Aot) nill b:ing nil denominations together in friendly ciniact; hut this he denied, as it was only religion that could teach Ihe sentiments «f esteom, regard, and affection - the Gml given charity that cometli of divine grace " Bead iu con tieation witb history this dcliverauce is positively- astounding, especially when emanating from' a Vcholar of Dr. O'Om. nor's weight. What does all history teaeh, bin that more brutulities, more in famies, and more groBS violations of God's Woid bjive bean committed iu the cause of religion than Upon any other protest ? The obvious deduction, then, to draw from these facts is that tfomethiog more than re ligion, AS tbe World recognises that econ omy, is needed to buniaoice the linmuti race, and to beget that charity between inan en fnan, wbicb iB so essential to peace in this world, ni>4, no doubt, to happiness in tbe next. That nuineibing is to secu larly todncate children together so that they will grow up tolerant of caoh other's coii victiuiiB, ana sympathetic with each others' ideas. And bb the operation of the Kdnca tiou Aot is calculated to bring this elite of things, about; nothing could be more erroneous than tbe soting up or a drnomina tional system of teaching os a preferent course for the htiman race to pursue with its young. Educated apart, tbo human racc has proved itself to be brutes of the most pronounced type, although any amount of denominational teaching has been in fused into the human mind. Wbat. then, can be more natural than that bnmauity should' now cry out, trumpet-tongued .gainst Bsotarion instruction, and insist epon a system being pursued which if bound to produce the very opponjto re sult f We can easilyadiiiderstBnd and appreciate tbe complaints of Human Catholici in one sense. It is cartainly hard that they should hove to support two | ? sets of schools-one of irhich they do uot approve, and another which meet* their approbation, Thero is semethinx tangible abunt this complaint, while thero is no foroe whatever iu falling back ueon Holy Writ to condemn tbo State system, But tbe remedy for this oondition of things lion witb tbe Uoman Oathol'c clergy-not witb the 'Legislature. _ The former have only to withdraw their opposition to (he Stnto tuhopls, and the whole fahrio of prejudice would . disappear amongst the l.oman , Catholic laity like a flasli of lijilitiiing. The Legislature aaunut provide a iomedy, because three-fourths of tbe coninninitr cling tcuaciuuiily and heartily loilio ex isting Act. where reprenwitativc in stitutions exibt, 1 tic majority must prevail; and us an absolute majority of the peoplo of this colony are determiued to muntain ilio present Act ngaiust nil ussaulis or in terference, whatever step is made towards reconciling tne difference which it has evoked between the denominations, must manifestly cmanato from the Itouian Catholic Church itself. Tho meeting of lint Tueseay evening overlooked ibis plain and rational fact, though cf course it is the very gift of the whole imbroglio, or dispute. Teapots have of late almost taken the place of Shakespeare in publio amuse ments in lirielmne, nnd teapot drama lias prospered as the Slmkosperiao nercr did. Talent has f»und a new aevnuo to success. It hia no longer lieen a question ah to a performer's personal alii itie»; the quality and quantity of tbe plate-ume be could exhibit lias been dicisive of his or lier respoctibility, Scenery basgnne out of vogue at lbe same lime. Act I, scene 1, curtain rises and discovers-a teapot, and (he np plauso is defcanini.'. Tbe pipy turns upon n pivot of miscellanies, l\e have, seen in forme relays, oil tbe siege, performances which left much for the ininginai on to supply ; latterly the audience hug 01 ly to draw upon the fancy-goods. Ar im pressive delivery, a power of liuu uroui delineation goes for little novr-s days. Intelligent audiences flock to .adtnii) an artiste's coffee pot, to criticise tbe cope of bis nr tier pickle*, and to roar ovc . the humors of a bar of soap, Coined/ is represented l>y tbe allutmenc to a *] ruce gentleman of a 2cwl. bag of flour, an I tbe auaicoce is convulsed by the genii 1 nit invoked in the pnesentation to a blu liliif! shoemaker of a tin of sardines. Tli re is at least tbe charm of novelty in tins in tellectual forai of ciitcriiiitinicut, nn we dun't see why it should not l>e wedd d to the legitimate dmius. Tho Ghost in "Hamlet" might come on, for iai>ti ni-e, cased in plated-electro-plated-arm tor; a dish-cover for breastplate, b c&l-feci; ttle for tolm-a, fc nod ling plume of feat ier dusters, and its features pallid will « sample of the flour, He might o rry penholders in bis ears, and bave spool nan slippers ^n his fuet. in speaking tbe littes he could exhibit tbe articles h ine> what thus:-"I am thy f.ithers spi it," Number 97, one buttle Martell's brat dy; yours, Mist 7 Hand tbe buttle to lliat yoani; lady" ''No 38. a patent jbom biiiation luck. Pass the luck to Ithat gentleman at the back, please." 'y\nd each particular hair lo stand on find, like quills upon tbe fretful porcupine." " Porcupine quill penholder, Mo .27 Ni.w, don't keep us waiting, please ; who bas ticket 27 ?" "List, list, oh liitl', "Pair of list clippers to that old lady, No.40. Score off No. 40, nil! you, Hamlet." "And duller shotilds't thou be than tbe fat weed." "Fig of tobacco, Na. 9\. A fig for the young woman, there." "But toft; uiethinks I smell the morn, ing Anir." "No, 22, bottle of superior perfumed 'tir /toil. Couie forward, please, and take it in your 'and." Com bined thus with the higher drama, no mic could oomplaiu.-''Specialities" in The Queen-lander. OXYGEN is LIFE.-Dk. Bbiohx's Pnosrao, Dm-Multitudes of people 019 llOjnllSflj suffering l'roin debility, nerroui and liver coin plaints, depression of spirits, failure of memory lassitude want of pa net1. &c.;, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by the new I'cmdy. I'hu/I pliodylio (Oronic Oxygen) which at. once allajA all irri.at.iull and exciicmcut, imparls new energy aud life to tlio ciitVeblci.1 constitutiou unci r'pidly cure! every stage of these distressing maladies. Said by all chemists. 