''.FREE EDUCATION."; !' IV One of 'the; proposals of the , League is; that ascertain minimum of .education; slioqlcl he givep to the children of all the ipepple " without fees." . This has greatly; scandal ized .certain gentlemen who' wish things .to ey. and;; it' '' has given .rise to "a very curious combination of objec tions;. . ;; /, /" . ' v'/For example; Mr. Butler, Avhomaybe said to have a strong leaning tpwards doing the ..ecclesiastics . of .his church a /service, says, he <fdoes not understandthe proposal:" Hence, he strongly 'objects to' it ! '' and pledges himself to continue things as they" are ! Freeman, who.is as true an indicator of the feeling of the " clergy V as the barometer is of the state of the atmosphere, denpunceg the offer of education " without fees " as a decoy, a bribe, to the; poor people, and' especially to the poor Irish, to leave .their own church .schools and send their children to godless schools." Mr. Alexander Stuart, who has secured a seat in the House as the .exponent., of.' >the //' Defence Association," ; insists that the proposal is an absurdity, because, as the money must be pa:id out of the taxes, the so- called .free, education V' cannot be free. Dr. White, of Singleton, the Presbyterian minister:.whp has distinguished himself in lectures ' hich are curiosities in their way, an'd whom the Bev. Mr. Kemmis considers .the "champion of Denominationalism;" opposes free education as a pauperizing of the people, and he cannot abide the thought that " we, the finest type of the Anglo- Saxon race" should be so degraded ! Bishop -Barker has denounced the proposal as a " depriving to the . working man of the high privilege of paying for his children' jand Archbishop aughan; cannof ' find terms .strong .enough to' denounce it,: as making education - just worth nothing at all ! ' r;T" ; V ' ' ,1;'; : It is amusing ;to , read .all these . obj ec- tions as coming from; persons. who wish the present 'Pvblie.-Lchools' Act carried out and, maihtainM :in. im integrity. ' We greatly ' admire, the jenthusiasm -of "Sandy and me" when they become grandiloquent: in 're pudiating on behalfr of :iv>Scofebirieh hnd Engl ishmen the /"degrading and pauper izing propo say.Vthey, heard of the .State ; doing, charity, .when the people are not asking it ? Why should honesty bread winners,' ;who ; look upon their ' children. , with; pride; and who consider that what is got 1f0r .n0thing.is not1 valued; at all be offered'free educationl" And so they ; go/on/'Ayaxinj more indignant that ,tlie. w6nderfui>"(Deiio- Anglo-Saxon race should have its /virtue and: independence destroyed" by giving their children edu<»ton- without:.l'|';£. . But it /is 'all moonshine or bunkum/; and these' most marvellous, patriots, . Sandy and me," are seen to laugh when' they 'are tickling the " breadwinners " by. such .high "compliments' to their hohoi\ J Tt is'im- .possible.r to.. mistake, the .meaning,; of /the grimace;:. And itheir. jsham is1' unques tionable Ayheri,/thus .'strenuously'' opposing 'free' education,; they as; ' strenuously /insist 'that ithe'ipxsent;Schools,, Act shall :be ex tended through the country and upheld' in its integrity. . . r ' Lef'us ibbk at a. few, facts. " In /thej/w/stf place, not a single breadwinner ih/r thie country, who sends his . children' to 'Public or? Denominational schools;1 'under, the" pre sent Schools' Act 'ypaydfor:tjil(k'iH. The State already, by the law now-i exist ing, pays two- thirds ofi;the-;cost 'ojf'stheir eduoation ; in other/ words;'- ' every/child, attending the present schools pays/ only jour-pence for, every /shilling's Avprthrof education which it receives. : - Yet sham, patriots talk about the virtue1 of the /bread winners paying fpr the education of. their children! and, they ijread: vejy/.muwjiest' that virtue should be lost if the fourpence paid be remitted! Surely, if anything was ever calculated to t;destrpyfyirtue;tt this— to make men . belieye/ paying for a thing when they, are not pay ing for it ; and to puff them up'with high compliments for honor for; their paying , in fees only fourpence in the shilling ! The question is, are the people who now get from the State two-thirds of the education, of their children pauperized and degraded by that fact? If not, why should they be degraded and pauperized by getting the other third paid in the same way 1 In the second place, the present plan of now giving to those who cannot pay free education is degrading and pauj?erising. The opponents of the League are per petually Baying, "Why give education free ; when .the present Act provides a free schooling to those who cannot pay !" Well, Sow do those who now get free education y proceed 1 Why, they go to a clergyman or aniagistrateand tell their poverty, and ask . "a letter to the schoolmaster to exempt their children from the usual fees. That 1 letter 'goes to the Council, and the Inspec- \- tor is sent to make enquiry ; and upon the proof that there is poverty as seen by this scrutiny, the children are admitted as pauper children. Is not the poor woman who may be unable to pay fees, who lias to go through this ordeal, shamed and pauper ized ? Are not the children who are so admitted pauperized and degraded before $he, teacher and other scholars ? And why should they be so humiliated1? . Do not the parents of those children pay their share in the tayes of the two-thirds given .by the State 1 And is it fair that they should have their children enrolled in the \- school registers as pauper children simply because they cannot pay the remaining third which is called fees ? Were the whole cost paid by the, State the poorest phflfl;; wbuld'/clrim not as a charity, free education ; the humblest parent would be- saved from the exposure of his or her poverty ; and poor children would be free from the taunts of children who can go to Public schools in . their Papas', buggies. . Iii'iihe' third place, the, present plan, of giving free education to' thbse 'whose cir cumstances have been 'enquired into'' is ..most unfair to the: teachers. rySuppose'.that in a school there are twenty , pauper, ,chil- dren admitted ; who . bears the burden of them ? , They pay no fees ; who suffers .the i loss ? Why, not the Council .which has \- admitted them ; not the local board which may recommend them; but the poor . teacher who is compelled to teach them loithout. getting a farthing for them ! Dur ing last year there were 6000 such pauper children distributed among the schools, and this, according to the average fees, was just equivalent to the poor teachers con tributing about £250 out of their own pocket, while the ' clergymen who recom mended the admission of the poor children, . and the Council which ordered; it,. did not contribute a single penny. According to the Lqague plan \nb such injustice as this would fall upon teachers ; for , as all their \- children would be free,, their salary , would be either fixed at a certain sum, or rise \- and fall according to the numbers taught. Inthe fourth place, - the present plan is unjust to a great 'number of the people. Bishop Barker/ when praising the present plan as equitable, 1 and alleging that the incidence of taxation was fair, saiil that : none, need complain. This is exactly what we deny. ' ' It ; is not equitable that'the parents of the 6000 "children who are ad mitted as paupers, should be stigmatized as " paupers," receiving cha/rity, when they pay equally; with ; all other, ycitizens their share of .the two-thirds now paid . as the educational -grant. It 'is not equitable -that what they have' 'so /ftr; a. right to "-should,1, be . conceded as a charity,, after a, (.humiliating exposure; of their poverty ' and need. And then, as' there are 40;0P() children for whom the present 'Public Schools'. Act 'has been doing nothing . is it hot most ; inequitable .thab: ;the parents -of dhose Children,' iir the' far' ;bush/'have.'been paying- equally with tHA faypured-pwrieiit -(in' '.Sydney and /the .' larger , town's, . .their, hare pf, the,:cost,and yet theyi have-not been getting one single advantage ? ! This ds surely a . crying shame— the country paying for the town, and city, and yet the city and "town 'parents boasting over the parents in the bush,, that they pay fees.!. .. . Now,-., the League ' maintains that /its plan/ of :,";free education " would equalize all thisj. and . every element of pauperisa- \- tiph'.wduld be removed. Every parent; would then; as a tax payer, have a fight, to the /primary schooling of his children.; If he did not avail himself of it, there would be no harm done ; but those who. did , accept it would not feel that their " Anglo-' Saxon" dignity was impaired. "'Ah," says the " Defence Association/' " if the cost of education be thus paid for ;by the. taxes , of the country, how ' can it be .said , to be a 'free education ?" ; " Well, now," replies - the League, , , " it is" merely free of .fees f; but if:, the : cost be defrayed out of; the public funds, how can its freeness pauperize , the peopled" , ; ; ;Ih th e. last place, axi objection, is started: oh the score of expense to the country Hut this is no objection at all, and still less does it 'come well from those who would keep up the present Act. If the present Act inflicts upon the country £160,000 per annum for the schools now existing, with all their competing and denomina tional objections, why should £200,000 be considered an intolerable expense to throw open schools for primary education all over the countty ? Mouey could not be spent upon a better object ; and at any rate, as the money would be spent upon the people who had given the money, who would complain? The truth is, the expense is nothing. Money spent in this way might be saved in another ; but if not, the expense has nothing to do with the equity of the League's principle. Give the people free eduoation at the expense of the whole people ; but do not uphold the present sham of using the taxes of the whole people for the benefit of a portion — leaving 40,000 children in neglect and ignorance. The Roman Catholic organ of Sydney, which is usually highly enlightened on abstruse subjects, has ventured to prove that " secular " means " ungodly," and never means anything else than " carnal and worldly." Very well. Give Freeman his own way, or, as it is more classically put, " give him plenty of rope and he will . be sure to hang himself." He brings forth most erudite and learned proofs to show that the term "secular never had any other meaning than profane and godless." He goes to authorities far beyond Ains- worth. He goes , to Smith, Johnstone, Webster, and a host of others. He finds tliat .even- Tertullian mixes it up with " heathenism." Very gobd. Then, as there ai e' " secular priests." in the Romish Church, as 1 cbntra-distinguished from " Regulars " or" " Religious,"' the secular priests are " godless men," .." profane men," "worldly men," and men sunk in the" "vanitiesandfolliesof this world !" The term is very' exact and significant. ' It describes the priests to a T.. " Had they searched Ains worth, Webster, Johnstone, and all the rest, through and through, they could not have found a word which expresses better what they are and' what they want our children to. be." They are " godless " men. They are so " profane " that to believe what they Say ' is; to re nounce the little conamon.; sense . which is left to ordinary mortals. : They ; are so " worldly " that no other object is before their eyes but power and money; .' And so full are they of the " vanities and follies of time" that, to eat- and drink, and; grow rosy on the things which perish with the using, is the first and the' last of their high ambition.. Why should,, the League quarrel with Freeman in giving so. correct a description of his "secular" priests ? " The Church in danger." The. so-called eminent friar, .Father Burke, has been delivering .a lecture , in London, upon the " vitality of the - , Catholic ! -religion. " The Archbishop; Dr. - Manning, was in the chairjandofeoursejthe'IrishinLondon, flocked , to f hear the Irish orator . declaiming upon/the vigor of the: " Irish !race."( This was substantially1 the first and the 'last of the lecture. The lecturer told the audience that he was an Irishinaii-he , .thanked God : that he was an Irishman— and he added with singular grace and sweetness to any Englishman that happened1 to' be present, that- an Irishman was " seldom afraid or ashamed !" He ; then went on to prove the vitality and perpetuity of; the Catholic Church, " and," says, he, ' "if other proof ' were . wanted,' ; which- is, 1 not wanted, I .w.oiild: point to . ,the land of. my birth, and' from which I am come to you, to ask. the world to look; back on".. the' history; .of the ' Irish race ,; arid ; if pers(ecu-' tion , ; , could ; have - destroyed , . a t people's religion,1 then thht -' religion, wbulddhave' perished long ago !"; ' : " If all ; the most' powerful, forces/ .pn>,'icipulji' tinguished the vital jprihcijtiepf; the' Qatho.:, lie Church;- it surely would; bave been ex- tinguished on the grand battlefield .of Ireland." . : All this ' rubbish or wordy nonsense, is,, called, eloquence ! All this, declamation is called history and reason ing ! The poor Irish are much to be' pitied who are fed with such husks, served up with wonderful audacity and offhandpd-' ness. No wonder that they are priest-led ; for they are first kept in ignorance ; then,1 if they do get out into education in spite'' of, the surroundings, they are forbidden to read or think otherwise than as the church, permits or commands them ; and- then, if. they daie to come to other conclusions than, those ;which the church forces upon them, -they are threatened . with the rer proaeh of " soupers," "traitors to faith and country ;" and, as this, in such a country , as -Ireland, involves about the same loss and trouble, which a Turk brings upon himself when he rejects . Mahomet and accepts Christ, the ' Irish, show their peculiar characteristic . in - accepting the quieter policy, and saying to Father Burke, "Hurrah for the perpetuity of the Irish race !" Our answer 'to all this is, very brief. k" Give the Irish race educa- tion untrammelled by the priesthood ; give them a fair chance to know what true history is ; raise them to a level with other people in social and civil liberty ; give them the Bible, no matter that it be the Douay translation ; let them alone to consult it and form their opinions by its teaching, and we guarantee that before long the Irish race will cast off with a scorn peculiar to their temperament that incubus of lies called the " Romish re ligion." It is the conviction in the hearts of the priests that this is certain which makes them so tenacious of the education of the children. They know perfectly well that if the children once get educa tion without the manipulation and guiding of the church their cause is lost. The church consequently must ever be present before the eye of the child. He must ever feel that the hand of the priest is upon him. He must ever feel that " the first principle of duty is to obey the church and to believe only what the church believes." For the priests find as a universal experience that children who are not thus drilled, and driven, and held, grow up to think, and speak, and act like " heretics !" But the Irish race will yet " avenge : their wrongs ;" but it will.be on those black-coated and shaven men who have deceived and oppressed them for hundreds of years under the foul delusion that they are propagating the faith of the " blessed St. Patrick." As to the vitality and perpetuity of the Romish religion, we can point Father Burke to a , far truer cause than the. enthusiasm of the " Irish race." It is this — " the clear prophecy of the Scripture." The Scriptures tell us distinctly of Popery. They tell us its rise, its progress, power, cruelties,' persecutions, lasting and dying. They tell us. that it will continue to curse the .world for a cer tain number, of centuries, and that then it will fall, like a great millstone, into the depths of the sea. Things are. exactly as they are foretold. Nothing can change them until the time comes. The time; for change is coming.'.' ,,By-and-bye ',this '" "man of sin," this foul ' ." ,Apostacy,"-> will j.be utterly " consumed with the brightness of Christ's coming/' ', ; : ,-j\\. . -' ' ' Our Sydney Freeman nothing daunted by the complication's ; of great hames/aiid authorities in England, and, ? speaking evidently for Dr. Vaughan and the church, accepts the issue which Mr. : Gladstone's pamphlet has raised, and' subscribes to the formula, "First a Catholic, and an Englishman afterwards." We. expected as much,, for our Sydney oracle is nothing but the echo of St. Mary's bells. Whatever tune Dr. Vaughan and his priestly co adjutors may play on that steeple, Free man instantly echoes it. He is always look ing to the weathercock there. The light in the window there is his only hope.' He knows that it is hopeless to do. anything as a "Catholic" without having the sun shine - of the ' ' heads of the church." To take tee side of the people— to claim independent thought .'in religion or politics — to object to certain claims, arid orders— to, expose abuses— and to suggest reforms -—would, Mr: Freeman knows and j ustly ! feels, be . a battle,., and /imply a life of struggle and -loss. But he knows too that i if lie will - be an obedient son, and . simply ; echo and defend the wishes, plans, works land schemes of St. Mary's, he will be in ! ease and clover; ad rapidly riseinto wealth; ; and splendour; 1 ' This is ! his i tack-. ; <; And ! hence -he is already, forward in 'denouncing ; Lords ; Acton . and / Camoys; ... ' 'They ;', are: i heretics.'' "They fleeimmediateiy!' he says,,. the church is attacked.";. But Freenum, \ great man' thathe.is; and. "faithful Catholic" | that lie always 'vifill.be,'; hides instantly yyith I Div Manning and,; Dr. Capel .and repeats) the 'formula; " First aisCatholic aandtan; English maii after\yards:" 'Th e aftei'iom-ds' in Freeman's . case' is Ufar /otf ;It will ;be'l a iq;timexbefqi7fsi is";arx Fnglishman." ', We do not play upon; the i word: froin the.» fact » that : Freeman ' 1 is ' an Irishman ; 1 -we mean that from his cabbage garden rehrihg- — his Fenian "sympathies-— his" Ultramon tane bigotry— his admiration- ' for all the Irebels - who - have deluged Ireland with bldbdand his readiness now to fan !the flame of sedition and, treason , against the English Throne;-- he ; never will be an " Englishman." He has not a single feeling in .common : with a loyal Englishman. His' pages have ever been open to sneers at England— in .poetry and in prose he has expressed his' hatred for- the English- nation— on many occasions he has indicated his joy in allusions to the decline of England— and he has shown in unmis- takeable ways that if England were at war with any Catholic people, . he would be rejoiced if England were to. get the worst of it ! While treason runs . in his ' system like the life blood — while he shakes hands with every Fenian who has visited these shores — while he makes the Pope his God — and St. Mary's his oracle, Freeman never will be an Englishman. Mr. S. W. Gray, the member for Illawarra, was entertained at Bulli by his political constituents recently, and in the course of his speech in return for the toast of " his health," lie intimated pretty clearly that the Kiama quarter, which once was Mr. Parkes' favourite district, has got beyond the policy of its former representative. - The Kiama ghost is now to be substituted by a Kiama Reality. Mr. Parkes was roundly blamed, and justly, for his retrograde step in seeking the aid of the Romanists and Anglicans' to resist an approach to his own original educational policy. Eight years ago he saw the absolute necessity of originating a truly national system of education, by which the primary State paid education of the colony would be carried out on one uniform plan, and reach the educational wants of the colony. And now, because of political necessity, and in order to get the Romish and Anglican vote, he declares that the pi'esent mixed, contradictory, . competing, and inefficient plan, which, after eight years trial, leaves 40,000 children without education, is so good, so perfect, and so satisfactory . that it would be a shame to touch it ! Mr. Gray is right in calling this " retrogression." Mr. Parkes made out a caSe which was clear and convincing eight years ago. The case is to-day as strong as ever, as is evident from the fact that so many districts are' without schools, and so many educable children are not receiving any education. Yet, that he might get back to the House in' the recent election, and that he might retain the reins of power, he avowed the policy of maintaining "the present Schools' Act in its integrity." In a most incon sistent way the Romanists and Anglicans got up the cry — " the present Schools' Act is the perfection of wisdom, justice and equity." Not many years ago the Roman- istsr denounced it: as the grossest injustice which? .could be inflicted upon , the people bfjthe colony ; and at the same time the Anglicans expressed their suspicion and distrust1 of it, in a variety of ways, all- going to show that they would sweep it from the Statute., book, if they had the power. But now, behold, in the estima tion of these two parties, that same Schools' Act, after all their cursing it and de nouncing it, is upheld by them as the very palladium of their rights and liberties ! There must be some secret in this. It is not far to find. They have found that they can work the Act for their omi ad vantage. , Hence the Act is " very good." And Mr. Parkes; who once was thought a great secularist/ and socialist, and infidel for daring to introduce it, is how,wb'rfiy. of all honor and : trust, and he -bargains with ! his former enemies to- upholdnthe Act, lor' their vote ;!/'- . W e .'mentioned ai : short ' time age'-' that Archdeacbh'Slattery,/priestybf.G Victoria,' bad assumed) $0 /himself a, special commission to hunt up (his . Catholic chil dren " aud drag them -from" i the Public schools into his. church schools. ,' He has made His .pulpit the place , for the most furious harangues against Public school teaching, and the poor priest-led people are terrified into obedience — they must obey him. and withdraw their children , from "godless schools," else' he will use- his spiritual thunder to send them past the gate's of purgatory into the depths of per dition. ; In one of his " sermons " this Apostolic man declaimed rabidly about the " danger besetting Catholics from the in sidious perils of a godless system." He dexiounced the Education Act as a dbdge ! and a . trick to destroy Catholic children J He Said that if the State had dared to; offer 'dteect violence to Catholic teaching; the Catholics, although only one to four of the population,, "bhat one would have . marched against the four at the point of the : bayonet ;" but the State had taken the plan : of seduction ! , He asserted that bis church ; was determined to have nothing but Popery . taught in schools to C'atholic children. He - howled out from his pulpit that because of his love to the children he would 'rather .see them " hanged and buried to- morrow,''" than -witness " their young lives perverted ' by the heresies -of zealots and sectaries;'" He bellowed that " he would be , tlie firSt to: lead his people with free andfiashhuf svjord against the pewer .that would "im pose such persecution (as State schools) upon them, and if ever the souls of his little children demanded it." Nay this he proclaimed as one of the virtues of the Catholic schools, and one of the advantages of his having his children separated from all other children, "I am among other .things," he said, "teaching my: children to learn drill, ,to march and'countermarch, lor perhaps at some time it will be use ful to them. I desire that the little ones who hear me now should understand me j and I am glad that the words of a song occur to me which express my meaning to -resist the godless gazzabos !" All this is "sermonizing" in a Popish chapel. This is the sort of gospel which Catholics get from Apostolic men. This is the spirit which priests cultivate in their adults and children. Could any better proof be given that the children of the State should be withdrawn from the influence of these fiery and bloody sedition fomenters 1 Picnic Extraordinary. — The altar boys and tlie men and women of two Saints' confraterni ties were invited, at the expense of Dr. Vaughan and the St. Mary's clergy, to a picnic at Botany last .week. They were taken to that historical ground by three 'buses, and immediately betook themselves to games, &c.; The boys gave them selves up to rounders and cricket, while the more grave of the party betook themselves to dancing. Dr. Yaughan would not play at cricket, because it was too dangerous ; he greatly feared that some of the altar boys would take his stumps. He would not play at rounders, for although he does not object to "run round," he thought that if his rounding were cut short by some incontinent boy, it might he regarded as significant and symbolic. Nor would he play 'at twos and threes ; because he decidedly pre fers number one. But dancing ! oh, how apos tolic ! With suitable partners how successfully the Archbishop and the clergy could forget the misery of monkery ! With Judy, the Arch bishop looked interesting and condescending ; the only thing was that the gold cross dandled in the way ! How blessed Fathers Birch and Mahoney looked associated with Mesdames Bridget, Maria, Judy, &c.; We .cannot tell the " figures " which they cut. But they did their part well ; it was quite evident that they were accustomed to such sweet recreation by which the severe studies connected with the altar and doctrine are lightened. The dancers were well supplied with everything to make joyous hungry and thirsty souls. Innumerable toasts were drunk ; so that it is matter for gratitude that the company got safely home in the even- in& The Last Pig Story. — Freeman has a great affection for that beautiful, clean, interesting and obedient animal — the pig. So has Arch bishop Yaughan, who is an Englishman, belong ing to an ancient house. Our readers will re member the Archbishop's story about " roasted . pig," in which he very innocently told |ke secret, that the Romanists used to burn down their Cathedral for the sake of getting the " roasted pig. . It was a disastrous story. But the shame connected with it has hardly died away when Freeman gets up another pig story. It is to this effect — that a number of pienicers . gp t up a subscription picnic ; but the committee, one of whom had a lot of pigs, wishing to get rid of the pork, prepared all the eatables so that nothing but pork should be eaten. There were pork -pies, pork sandwiches, pork muffins and pork everything. Lo and behold the picnic was on Friday— a day sacred to certain people who aire not fleshly, nor pork disposed — although the pig is their favourite animal. At dinner time the-picnicers were hungry. It happened that there were Romanists among them, and they -would not have pork but wished sardines ! It happened, too, that there was a Jew among them, and he would not eat pork at all, but wished for "clean" beef and mutton ; hut the committee .were inexorable ; they would provide nothing but Pork, and told the Romanists and the Jews not to be "superstitious !" And what, pray, is the meaning of this wonderful pork atory ? Why, the country is the company of the pienicers ; the League is the pork- loving com mittee ; and the unfortunate Romanists and Jews who could not eat pork, or pork'on Friday, were the unhappy Denominationalists ! Alas, for this sublime idea. But Freeman should know that the country is not a band of pienicers. He should know, too, that all the year round -there are other days than "Fridays." And still more he should know that the League are mot particularly fond of pork. The majority of them have a preference for beef. At any rate, riot one of the League has got any pigs to sell. Hot one of them' has "killed a pig." So that the whole story collapses into absurdity, and shows that pork eating people become very like -the pig himself— so very stupid as to go forward iiy going back ! The New " CrescenTtStreet."— The incom ing Government willdo well to reconsider the plan whicli has been : sanctioned by the Govern ment just gone out for the formation of a new street from Boomerang road to. Wooloomooloo- . street. The object is to have a block of superior Buildings running from the one to the other, so as to hide the lime shabby houses at the side of Wooloomooloo next the city. But it will be a mistake to make the new street where it is pro posed. It would decidedly be better that the Government should buy up the small miserable properties which; form the west side of Riley- street (as far as is necessary), and then by a fine sweep and bend to continue Crescent-street, at -Che foot of the Domain, round to William-street, sad running into Yurong-Btreet. This could easily be done at a very moderate expense, and the awcep could be so made as to give plenty of depth for firit-clasB houses ; and the advantage would be obvious of having the new street run ning into Yurong-street up to South Head Road. The>members of the city and. the councillors of the city municipality, should look to this ere it is too late. The 'improvement would be a great ndorning of that part of the city, which strikes the eye looking from the race-course down to the Barbour and Wooloomooloo. There is yet time toaave this important matter from being blun- deted. Almanac for 1875.— Messrs. A. W. Beard and Co., printers, have issued a neat almanac foi office use. It is surmounted by an engraving 4»f Benjamin Franklin, and its principal colours are gold, , puiple, and. red. The "Empire."— This paper has gone to rest. It has been living a lingering life ' for some years past, and now it has collapsed because the work- . aqg printers claimed to have an increase in their Wvagea. .Few will regret the fall of the Fmpire ; but many will regret, now more than ever, that the city and New South Wales is left to themercy of one daily morning neiospaper. The insolence and tyranny of the Herald are well known, but it would be taught manners and fair play if there were an opposition paper of power and influence. We are astonished that Sydney has not more pluck than to be in the hands of the " corner." Will no one try a second ? Ash Wednesday. — Popery is becoming quite bold and impudent. It is claiming a right to show itself off in public places as one of the seven virtues. On Wednesday last several persons were seen in the streets with a black cross on their foreheads, and friends offered to wipe off the blot, supposing it to be there by accident ; but they were politely told that it was the "sign of the cross made by the priest with holy ashes !" Some of the little children in our pub lic schools saw this marvel of the black cross, made with holy ashes at St. Mary's, exhibited by some of the teachers ! This is a new bold ness on the part of the true soldiers of Jesus Christ. Is it one which ought to be laughed at, or forbidden by the authorities ? We have need to be jealous, for there is no end to impudence. 