DR. SHORT'S CHARGE TO THE SYNOD. We publish in another portion of our paper an admirably satirical article on this subject from last week's Lantern . What object these annual addresses to the Synod are supposed to serve we have never yet been ableto discover or even to guess. If they are to be regarded as instructions to the clergy it can only be on the lucus a non lucendo principle, for anything in the way of a definition of doctrine, which might serve as a guide to the clergy is invariably conspicuous by its absence. Questions are raised but not answered, various conflicting opinions (which are generally dignified with the appellation " schools of thought ") are referred to, but any expression which might afford the slightest clue to the enquiring minds of the clergy as to which of the " schools of thought " Dr. Short him self adheres, is most carefully avoided. If the right rev. gentleman's object is to say as little as possible in a great manyjwords, and to make his addresses altogether thoroughly unintelligible, he certainly succeeds admirably. The result of his most recent efforts in this line affords no exception to the rule. We defy any one to gather from it whether Dr. Short believes anything or nothing. The editor of the Lantern says he read the article twice — the first time he did not understand the mean ing of it, and after reading it the second time he doubted whether His Lordshipjunderstood it himself. We do not wonder at it, for we share in his doubts. There is one thing, however, to be said for Dr. Short which no doubt procures favor for him among a certain section of the community. Although he will not tell us what he does believe, he is always careful to tell us what he does ' not believe, and herein he displays the true Protestant instinct. You may believe there is no God, Heaven, or Hell, that the world is its own Creator, and that man is only an improved species of ape, but you must by no means believe in the Catholic Church. The line must be drawn somewhere, and the Protes tant Bishop of Adelaide draws it there. Accordingly over the portals of the Synodal Hall is inscribed by the finger of Dr. Short — " Turk, J ew, or heathen may enter here, but not a Papist." We have often heard the question asked by Protestants as well as Catholics, why does Dr. Short always make a point of attacking the Catholic Church in his pastoral letters, why does he not confine himself to the affairs of his own Church ? We think we can explain the reason. The fact is, has no clearly defined doctrinal views of his own, and he cannot tolerate that we Catholics should have any. The very existence of the Catholic Church, ruled by Bishops whose apostolical succession has never even been called in question, and pro fessing an unchanging and unchang- able faith is an eyesore to him who can claim no higher authority for the posi tion he assumes than an Act of Parlia ment, and in whose so-called Church it is quite possible for the same doctrines to be preached as divinely revealed truths to-day and denounced as damn able errors to-morrow. There is another way in which Bishop Short's repeated attacks upon Catholic doctrines may be accounted for. Those who have read the Comedy of Convocation will remember that among the characters introduced in that inimitable work there is that of a cartain clergyman of the Anglican Establishment, who whenever he found himself at a loss for a subject, preached against Popery, and for this reason he called it his Cheshire cheese, because he could always have a cut at that, and it always suited the palate of his hearers. So it appears to be with Dr. Short. Not being able to find within the range of Anglican theology sufficient matter wherewith to satisfy the cravings of his clergy and laity annually as sembled in Synod, he has recourse to his Cheshire cheese, and regales them with his highly-flavored denunciations of some one or more of the dogmas of the Catholic Church. We should not complain of his attacking the doctrines or our Church if he were in a position to refute them j on the contrary we should rather commend him for his zeal in the cause of what he believed to be the truth ; but this he rarely even attempts to do, and, when he does, the attempt is invariably of the very feeblest description. This year he has pitched upon the Supremacy of the Holy See, Infallibility, and Transub- stantiation as the subjects of his attack. In proof of our assertion that he has scarcely even attempted to refute either of these doctrines, we shall quote his utterances on these subjects in his own words. Referring to Mr. Gladstone's assertions respecting the incompatibility of obedience to the Sovereign Pontiff with civil allegiance, His Lordship says : — Whatever truth there may be in these allegations, it is certain that there was nothing new in the assertion of this power by Pius IX., for Boniface Yin., in the year A.D. 1302, issued a bull, beginning "Unani sanc- tam," &c.;, which clearly lays down the principle that the "temporal authority is subordinate to and dependent on the spi ritual." The latter judges the former, while itself is "only judged of God." (Fleury's Ecclesiastical History, A.D. 1302.) The bull then goes on to claim this sriritual authority for the Pope, as successor of S. Peter, to whom it is said to have been given by Christ ; therefore (so concludes the bull) "it is of necessity to salvation that every human being should own submission to the Roman Pontiff." In considering the terms of this bull, it is at once apparant that, though the spiritual man, in whom is the mind of Christ, has higher spiritual discernment in "faith and morals " than the " natural " man, yet he possesses no constraining secular power or jurisdiction over him. He may counsel and exhort ; but to depose and interdict are acts of a different character. But if it be admitted that the Pope is infallible, the bull of Boni face is binding on his successors, and Pius IX. has asserted nothing new. Moreover that such authority resides officially and person ally in the Pope, not in the Church, the body and spouse of Christ is mere assumption ; for the Apostles were equal in all spiritual gifts and co- ordinate in all Apostolic authority. The Royal Priesthoot consists of the whole body of believers. In the inspired theocracy of the Hebrew people the CiviljLawgiver was divinely commissioned to arrange the whole structure and services of the Tabernacle as well as the vestments of the Priesthood. He solemnly invested with them Aaron and his sons. Dr. Short is quite right in saying Pius IX. has asserted no new power in claiming the authority to judge and determine all questions relating to faith and morals. Not only was it asserted by Boniface VIII., in the Bull Unam Sanctum, but it has always been claimed — and not only claimed, but actually exercised by the Popes. But why His Lordship should confound this exercise of purely spiritual power with secular jurisdiction and the right of deposing and interdicting we are at a loss to imagine, unless it is for the purpose of misleading his audience. That a deposing power was exercised by the Popes in the Middle Ages is a historical fact , but it is no less a his torical fact, and one which Dr. Short as a scholar must be acquainted with, that this power was conceded to the Popes with the unanimous consent of all Christian nations. The circum stances under which that power was exercised now no longer exist, and it has, therefore, no bearing whatever upon the relations at present subsisting between Catholics and the Civil Go vernment. Dr. Short is singularly unhappy in his attempts to prove that S. Peter was invested with no higher authority than the other Apostles. He says the Apostles were equal in all spiritual gifts, and co- ordinate in all Apostolical authority. That is to say, our Saviour founded a Church with twelve heads, all of equal authority, no one of them having any authority over the other. Now, supposing it were possible for our Divine Redeemer to have done any such thing, He would thave displayed far less wisdom than is usually shown by ordinary human beings in the con duct of their business affairs. We should like to know how a business could be conducted by twelve managers of equal authority, or how a family would get on with twelve heads, each one demanding obedience to himself as a head, but neither possessing any superior claim to allegiance as the head ; or, to employ another illustra tion, how would the affairs of the Anglican Church in this diocese be conducted if. instead of one, there were twelve Bishops, all of equal authority ? What would he say if all the clergy and laity of his communion were to repudiate his authority on the strength of his argument against the Pope's supremacy that the " Royal priesthood consists of the whole body of believers ?" Yet if his argument, which is based upon the words of the Apostle : "Ye are a royal priesthood " is a sound one, it surely militates as much against Dr. Short's authority as against that of the Pope. To proceed with our quota tion : — The Kingdom of Christ was not of this world ; but spiritually the twelve Apostles it was promisee! should sit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel. — Matt. xx. 28\. The theory of the Pope's supreme jurisdic tion over all the Bishops derives no sanction from that promise. Again, the " power of the keys," if first given to Peter, was no less certainly given to the other Apostles. — Matt, xviii. 17, 18. The eleven equally received the gift of the Holy Spirit. Our Lord breathed on them all, and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." The same apostolic powers were then conferred. " Whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted," &c.; S. Paul tells the Corinthians twice that he was in nothing behind, the very chiefest Apostles. — 2 Cor. xi. 5, xii.ll. Accordingly he felt it his duty " to withstand S. Peter to his face because he was to be blamed." S. Peter erred, that is in judgment and in consistency. He was neither mentally nor morally infallible, for towards the Gentiles he was guilty of "dissimula tion." On reading the above, entertaining as we do some sort of a respectful feeling towards Dr. Short in his capa city as a gentleman and a scholar, we could not help regretting that he should have followed the bad example so re cently set him by the Rev. F. W. Cox and Mr. A. O. Chambers. These gen tlemen might, perhaps, plead ignorance as their excuse, but for a Bishop to misuse the Scriptures in this way is really unpardonable. The texts quoted by His Lordship have really no bearing upon the question at issue, which is the Primacy of S. Peter and his suc cessors, nor is his interpretation of them warranted by the context. Dr. Short might as well have spared himself the trouble of telling us that the theory of the Pope's jurisdiction derived no sanction from the promise made to the Apostles that they should sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel , as also that the power of the keys was given to the other Apostles, as well as to S. Peter, that the Holy Ghost was conferred upon them, and that they re ceived the power of remitting sins. We knew all this before, and the infor mation here supplied is therefore super fluous. So far as we know, it has never yet been asserted that the theory of the Pope's supremacy derives its authority from the promise made by our Saviour that his Apostles should sit upon thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel, but were Dr. Short's ingenuous ness on a par with his learning, he would scarcely have ignored such pas sages as the following : — Thou art Peter, anil upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Feed my lambs, feed my sheep. I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and when thou art converted confirm thy brethren. To S. Peter alone were these words addressed, and from these the theory of the Pope's jurisdiction undoubtedly does derive a sanction, anything Dr. Short may have to say to the contrary not withstanding. In interpreting S. Paul's words to the Corinthians as anj asser tion of equal authority with S. Peter His Lordship has not only com mitted an egregious blunder (if it were not for the exalted position he occupies we should call it a stupid blunder), but he has been guilty of a gross and palpable perversion of the texts he refers to. Assuming', for the sake of argument, the correctness of the Protes tant version, in which S. Paul is made to say that he was in nothing behind the very chiefest Apostles, does it injany way strengthen Dr. Short's theory that all the Apostles were on a footing of equality ? Not at all. On the contrary, the very expression " chiefest Apostles " excludes such an interpretation. For, if they were all equal, how could any of them be " chiefest." Moreover, if the passages be read with the context, it will be at once apparent that S. Paul is not speaking of his authority or status as an Apostle, but of his labors and trials in the cause of Christ. It was in these respects he was nothing behind the other Apostles ; he nowhere claims equal authority with S. Peter. As a matter of fact, however, S. Paul does not say that he was " in nothing behind the very chiefest Apostles." This rendering is one instance out of many to be found in King James's version, in which the translators perverted the text in order to bolster up the Protestant heresy The correct rendering of the text is "For I suppose that I have done nothing less than the great Apostles " " Existimo enim nihil me minus fecisse a magnis Apostolis." Some commen tators interpret the term " great Apostles " as an ironical allusion to the false teachers against whom S. Paul has just been warning the Co rinthians. Whether, however, it be applied to them or to S. Peter and S. John, the text will certainly not bear the construction put upon it by Dr. . Short. The fact of S. Paul having on one occasion rebuked S. Peter for an act of inconsistency in respect to J ewish nhsp.rvances has no bearing whatever upon the question of the primacy or the infallibility of the Holy See, and we are considerably surprised to find a gentleman of Dr. Short's attainments falling into the stupid error of con founding infallibility with impecca bility. His Lordship argues that because S. Peter was guilty of a fault in his practice he was not infallible in his teaching, which makes us curious to know where he learned his logic. We think we have sufficiently proved our charge against Dr. Short of having perverted the plain and obvious sense of the Scriptures; but we have yet . another indictment to bring against him, viz., that of having falsified history. Appended to his charge to the Synod we find the following note : — Note. — Of tlie alleged supreme spiritual jurisdiction of S. Peter we may also say that he himself knew nothing of it, for he exhorts "the elders" among the "strangers" in Pontus, Galatia, Oappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia, as " being himself an elder." With S. John he was sent by the Apostles Samaria. — Acts viii. 14. The Council of Jerusalem (Acts xv.), knew nothing of his supremacy. Polyearp, Irenams, Cyprian, Bishops of Smyrna, Lyons, and Carthage, in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, knew nothing of it. Gregory, first Bishop of Eome, A.D. 601) reprobated the title of uni versal Bishop, and S. Leo, Bishop of Eome, A.D. 450, in his sermons II., III., and on the Nativity, gives this interpretation of the " power of the keys " granted to S. Peter. — Matt. xvi. 19. In him all the Apostles and all other chief ministers of the Church re ceived it. We need not scruple, then, to reject the Vatican declaration no less than the Bull of Boniface. It lacks scriptural authority; it lacks the witness of the Church from the beginning. His Lordship here makes the astound ing assertions that S. Peter himself knew nothing of his alleged supreme spiritual jurisdiction, that the Council of Jerusalem knew nothing of it, that Pope Gregory reprobated it, and that it lacks Scriptural authority and the witness of the Church from the begin ning. Of these propositions the first is the only one which His Lordship even attempts to prove, and a very feeble attempt it is. Because S. Peter as an " elder " exhorts the " elders " in Pontus, Galatia, &c.;, it follows, accord ing to Dr. Short's mode of reasoning, that he had no authority over them, and therefore had no right to exhort them. Again, because S. Peter and S. John were deputed by the Apostles assembled in Jerusalem to visit Samaria for the purpose of con firming those who had been converted to Christianity. S. Peter had no spiritual jurisdiction over the other Apostles. How Dr. Short's clergy could have had the patience to listen to such arrant nonsense we . are at a loss to imagine. The instances recorded in the Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles in which S. Peter acted and was recognised as the leader are almost innumerable, and amongst them this very Council of Jerusalem to which Dr. Short refers occupies a prominent place. Was it not S. Peter who first pronounced an authoritative opinion upon the subject under discussion, and was not his opinion endorsed by the rest of the Council, and embodied in a decree ? During our Saviour's lifetime, we find that S. Peter invariably acted as the spokesman of the rest of the Apostles. As Bossuet observes, he was the first to confess his faith in Christ ; the first to whom Christ appeared after his resurrection ; the first to preach the belief of this to the people ; the first to convert the Jews; and the first to receive the Gentiles. S. Matthew, in numbering the Apostles, expressly says of him — "The first, Simon who is called Pete r" Matt. x. 2. In like manner the other Evangelists, while they class the rest of the Apostles indifferently, still give the first place to Peter ; and after our Lord's Ascension into Heaven, it was aa'ain S. Peter who 7 O stood up among the eleven and pro posed the election of a successor to the traitor Judas. In short, the Scriptural evidence alone is so conclusive that S. Peter occupied the position and was recognised by the other Apostles as their leader, that we are convinced that if he were living now, and put upon his trial on a charge of being the head of an illegal Society called Christians, not a Jury in the land would hesitate to convict him on such evidence. Dr. Short wishes us to believe that S.S. Polyearp, Irenseus, and Cyprian knew nothing of the supremacy of the See of Rome, and that S. Gregrory repro bated it. Nothing can be further from the truth — each and all of them acknow ledged it in unequivocal terms. S. Irenceus, who had been instructed by S. Polyearp, the disciple of S. John the Evangelist, referring to the tradition of the Apostle, preserved in the Church of Rome, calls it "the greatest, most ancient, and most universally known," as having been founded by oS. Peter and S. Paul ; to which (he says) every Church is bound to conform, by reason of its superior authority. S. Cyprian repeatedly affirms that "the Church was founded on Peter ;" that he " fixed , . . l Ik n . l . i ,1. _ Jns chair at itome; ' mat mis is - me one true Church," and " the root of Catholicity." The same authority ex-, presses great indignation that certain African schismatics should dare to approach " the See of Peter, the head Church, and source of ecclesiastical unity" He it was, too, who advised the Pope to depose Marcian, a schis- matical Bishop of Gaul, and to appoint another Bishop in his place. Dr. Short, tells us that Pope Gregory I. repudiated the title of Universal Bishop, which is correct to a certain extent, but he has omitted to relate the cir cumstances under which he did so, and the reason is obvious. If he had told the whole truth, and not merely a part of it, his case would have broken down at once. In the beginning of the seventh century, John, the Patriarch of Constantinople, assumed the title of (Ecumenical or Universal Bishop. For this, Pope Gregory I. administered to him a well-merited rebuke ; but in the very terms of the rebuke there is a very distinct assertion of the supremacy of the Holy See. Speaking of this very attempt of John, he says : "The care of the whole Church was committed to Peter, and yet he is not called the Universal Bishop." With respect to the See of Constantinople, he says " who doubts that it is subject to the Apostolical See ;" and again : " When Bishops commit faults, I know not what Bishop is not subject to it." (Ep. Greg. I. v.) Nothing can be clearer, therefore, than that in reprobating the title of Universal Bishop, S Greg ory did not repudiate the supremacy of the Holy See. Surely, too, Dr. Short must be familiar with the famous expression of S. Augustine, the illustrious Bishop of Hippo : " Roma locuta est , causa finita est" We might multiply quotations from S. Jerome, S. Epiphanius, and others ad infinitum on the same subject, but our time and space are limited. More over, the evidence we have adduced is amply sufficient to refute Dr. Short's assertions that the Catholic doctrine respecting the- supremacy of the Holy See was unknown in the early ages of the Church, that it " lacks Scriptural authority, and the witness of the Church from the beginning." We must postpone our review of the re mainder of the pastoral, comprising the attack upon Transubstantiation till next week. 