NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, December 2. The Vasco da Gama arrived in harbour on the 24th November, two days after her advertised time of sailing, with the outward Californian mail. Consi derable dissatisfaction was felt in commercial circles at the non-arrival by her of the Suez mail, as our merchants were thus not only deprived of the oppor tunity of receiving their letters for nearly a week longer, but were also prevented from answering their home correspondence by the Frisco mail. Owing to the delay in the Vasco's arrival, the New Zealand Government made up a southern supplementary mail: (to receive wmen teiegrapmc instructions were ior- ? ?warded from Wellington to detain her for twenty- I four hours), and she sailed on the 25th, with the I mails, taking also close on forty passengers. The I element of uncertainty and non-punctuality, which I appears to have already begun to operate in the new I service, cannot but prove detrimental alike to the I contractors and the colonies immediately interested. I It is said that ' comparisons are odious,' but the I Auckland colenists are already looking back regret- I fully to the regularity which characterised the fulfil- I ment of the late contract by the A. S. N. Company, I and contrasting its business-like promptitude with I the fast-and-loose arrangements of its successor. I Political matters havebeen in the ascendant during: I the past month, and absorb the largest share of I public attention. The general elections for the new I Parliament take place next month,' and the excite- I ment intensifies as the time draM's nigh. The repre sentation of Auckland province is likely to be marked by a large infusion of new blood, and nearly every seat will be contested. Sir Julius Vogel, who is shortly expected to-arrive in the colony, is not likely to woo the ' sweet voices ' of the electors of Auck land City East again, having still a lively recollection of his last meeting with his exasperated constituents, and, it is said, the Ministry are endeavouring to secure a seat for him in the Wellington province. Sir I Julius Vogel's successor for City East will in all pro- I bability be Mr. J. M'Cosh Clark, eldest son ot his I predecessor in the representation of that constituency. I Of the new candidates for political honours the most j noteworthy is Mr. F. Whitaker, formerly Premier j and Attorney-General of the colony, He has accepted j a candidature for the seat lately given to Waikato by the new Representation Bill. His personal ability, parliamentary experience, and debating capacity render his accession to the new Parliament very I desirable. Mr. F. H. Troup (a. nephew of the late Lord Clyde) is also out for Frankiyn, nothing daunted by his defeat at the last election for the same district. Steps have been taken to induce Sir George Grey to stand for the Thames Gold-fields, but there is no reason to believe that they have been successful, as Sir George Grey prefers to remain steadfast to the constituency (Auckland City West) that first elected him, and without a contest. A new feature in the history of New Zealand politics is the candidature of a Maeii chief, Wiremu Maihi te Rangitake, for the East Coast constituency represented by Mr. William. Kelly. William Marsh (for that is his English name) is a very clever and intelligent Arawa chieftain ; but the European settlers are inclined to think there are quite enough Maori representatives already in the General Assembly, without adding to their number by the election of a Maori for a European electorate, more especially as in native matters they know full well that 'blood is thicker than water.' Sir George Grey returned to Auckland (after his trip to Dunedin) on Prince of Wales Birthday, and received at the hands of the citizens the honour of a public reception. To the address then presented to him he made no further reply, so far as political matters were concerned, than that 'in their own hands the power lay of deciding the future for them selves,' and that 'in coming to a determination as to what their future should be, they would find all the wisest and best men of the colony ready to give them a helping hand.' From that date men of all; parties have waited patiently to see if Sir George Grey, as leader of the Opposition, would breathe the reticenee observed at the Dunedin banquet, and dis close the plans of the Opposition for the -future government of the colony, in contradistinction to those of the Ministry, so that a clear issue might be placed before the country during the coming^ elec tions. A day or two ago Sir George Grey met his con stituents and addressed one of the largest audiences ever gathered within the walls of the Auckland Choral Hall. His speech was, as usual, capitally delivered; but, to the general disappointment, he concluded without disclosing any proposals on behalf of bis party, further than a passing allusion to the visionary project of creating Auckland a separate colony, and the equally impracticable scheme of insular separation — now rendered more impossible of attainment than ever in view of the consolidation of the loans, the native difficulty, and the claims of the 'English bondholders. The general admiration with which men of all shades of opinion regard the pluck and wonderful tenacity of purpose manifested by the 'old man eloquent,' in ? defence of the provincial institutions he had originally B created, enabled Sir George Grey to obtain an enthu ? elastic reception at the hands of his constituents. It ? is clear, however, from the late meeting, that the ? Opposition are simply trusting to the chapter of acci ? dents ; that they deem it too hazardous to submit I :their proposals to public criticism. ; and that the very I attempt to do so would show how slight was the bond I of cohesion among its members. Sir George Grey is ? -well aware that any proposal he might make, which I was satisfactory to his Northern allies, would at once ? cost him the loss of his miscellaneous Southern follow ? ing, and it is therefore considered wisest to drift into ? the election contest, as of yore, on the cry ' Men, not I measures.' Whether the Government scheme be the I 'best or not remains to be seen, but it has at least the I merit of being frank and distinct, if one may judge from the following programme : — 1. A. united colony. 2\. Local self-government. 3. Efficient administra tion. 4. Economical expenditure. 6. Primary edu cation (if possible) ; jtni. 6, Reform of the Legislative Council. The Premier (the Hon. Dr. Pollen) paid a visit to Auckland the other day for the purpose of deter mining a variety of questions affecting the govern ment of the Province. He also visited the Thames gold- fields, with the object of ascertaining what works are required for opening up the new gold-bearing districts in the Upper Thames country, and of arrang ing with his Honor the Superintendent for their execution, a sum of £1 0,000, it is said, being available for that purpose. During the Premier's visit, an influential deputation waited upon h?rn to urge the importance of making a road from Cambridge (Wai kato) to the Lake country and Taupo, connecting with the main road to Napier and Tauranga. The distance is only some sixty miles, and when com pleted there would be an unbroken line of com munication between nearly all the principal towns of the North Island. Dr. Pollen promised to give the proposal favourable consideration. The native question is likely to pass into another phase shortly, the Maori king having so far abandoned Ins exclusive policy as to visit the European settlers at Raglan, and has also invited Sir George Grey to pay him a friendly visit. The proposed visit is desti tute of any political importance, the natives being perfectly well aware that Sir George now stands in a very different position to them, to that in which, as the Queen's representative, with 10,000 British soldiers at his back, he ~va& wont to address them. 'With all these tokens of renewed amity on the part of the Kingites, however, there does not appear the slightest yielding of their demand for the return of the confiscated lands, or any manifestation of their ?desire for submission to British rule. The feeling in the native mind may be best indicated by the phrase ???Let things be as they were, and by-gones be by gones.' During the past month a Waikato native murdered his fellow, but the Government have taken no steps to vindicate the law, as the criminal being under the sheltering protection of the king, the first overt act on its part would bring it into collision with Txis followers. A frank and hearty friendship between the natives and the colonists, under such conditions, is impossible. The genuine fusion of the two races will only be accomplished ?when the law is supreme over all, and the Queen's ?writ runs without let or hindrance from the North ?Cape to the Bluff. It augurs well for the pacific temper of the Waikatos that this year they have sent down 10,000 bushels of wheat to the frontier settlements, and that they are placing under culti vation double the quantity of land for next year's -operations. On the East Coast the same gratifying state of things exists : at one of the native settle ments shipbuilding is being carried on with vigour, some of the yachts turned out being such as would not disgrace even European artizans. The same deftness evidenced by the Maori in imitating the virtues of the European race seems also to charac I terise his imitation of its weaknesses: for instance, I the first prize in the Auckland sweep on the Mel I bourne Cup was won by a Northern native, Kereama I (Graham) the interesting aborigine pulling off £262 I ? on the event. ? The Auckland Harbour Board are carrying out I i extensive harbour improvements for the convenience ? 'of the shipping and mercantile interests. Another ? .reclamation contract has been let, involving an expen ? 'diture of £10,000, while harbour works for the pro ? tection of the coasting shipping, and furnishing I greater discharging accommodation, have just been B ordered to be pushed forward, at a further cost of E £20,000. The question of a commodious graving E -dock, suited to the maritime requirements of the port ? of Auckland appears at last to assume a practical I form. The plans sent home for 'the information of I English contractors went down in the Schiller, but ? were subsequently recovered, and made available for I the purpose intended. The time for receiving tenders I .expired on the 30th November, when it was ascer I tained that six tenders had been sent in, the lowest I being that of Mr. J. Henderson (of Brogden and I Sons), £96,787 ; and the highest that of Messrs. i 'Smith, Finlayson, and Co., London, £123,800 ; the I only Australian tender was that of Messrs. J. and A. I Overland, Melbourne, for £116,000. The considera I tion of the acceptance of the tenders has been I - adjourned till to-day (the 2nd December), in order to I receive the report thereupon of the Works Com I mittee. The site of the dock was formerly I surveyed and approved by Mr. Moriarty, I who was employed by the Board as an I impartial authority to decide the question. I ' The dock will be of dimensions large enough to meet I the wants of vessels trading to this port (up I to the tonnage and measurement of the s.s. Mikado), as it is contemplated to make the floor 345 feet in length, with 19 feet of -water on the sill. It is believed that the work can be constructed in two years' time. When completed it will be a great boon to the province, as not only ?saving a considerable sum of money now sent out of ;th&.country, but securing also to the province the -money expended in repairs of the numerous steam fleet now engaged in the coasting, inter-provincial, ;and intercolonial trade. The annual meeting of the Fiji Banking and Com mercial Company took place lately at their head office, Auckland. Mr. F. Whitaker presided. The report read showed that the balance to credit of profit and loss account on the 30th September last was £5982 11s. 7d. A dividend was declared at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, which absorbed £2204 10s., leaving a balance of £3778 Is. 7d., to be carried forward to next year. A hope was expressed in the report that the claims of the company, arising out of cash advances made to Cakobau's administration, would receive a prompt and satisfactory settlement at the hands of the present Fiji Government. The retiring directors . (Messrs. W. Aitken, Thomas Morrin, and J . 8. Mac zarlane) were re-elected. The manager of the Auckland Steam Packet Com pany, andone of the directors (Mr. J. S. Macfarlane) returned from Fiji on the last inward trip of the Llewellyn (8.), having been on a mission to that colony for the purpose of endeavouring to secure a further extension of the. island trade, in connecben ?with the company's operations, by entering into nego tiations with the Fiji Government for the insular steam service. Their mission was entirely successful, a conteact being entered into by them on behalf of the company to carry on the inter-island trade at a subsidy of £300 per month, and the Star of the South, in the first instance, will be dispatched in terms of the agreement. The New Zealand Govern ment have at last consented to dispense with the coastal trips of the Fiji boat to the South, so that the service will in future be simply between Auckland and Fiji, thus reducing the all round trip to twenty two days. The A. S. N. Company intend, so far as the conditions of their contract will permit, to arrange the Star of the South's trips to the eighteen island stations of the group so as to work into the time table, and develope the trade now being created by the Llewellyn. It is stated that Sir Arthur Gordon is favourably disposed to giving £100 a month to the Llewellyn for her tripB between Auckland and Levuka. The Auckland merchants are very much gratified at the turn events have taken, and the pros peets of extended trade and business relations with the South Sea Islands. The above steamer, on her last inward trip, came full up with passengers and cargo, and also brought samples of fine sugar, which, if satisfactory to the trade, would be followed by a shipment of one hundred tons next voyage. The Marquis of Normanby, in one of his recent speeches, has been strongly exhorting the New Zealand colonists to go in for a service between thiB colony and Queens land on the ground that ' there were no two colonies he knew which had so many interchangeable com modities as Queensland and New Zealand;' the ' distance from the North Cape to Queensland was shorter than from the North Cape to Sydney.' Moreover, he believed that Queensland was in a position to take all our surplus produce, and send back in exchange sugar and other articles of daily consumption in every household. The returns which have just been published by the Government for the September quarter do not indi cate any marked feature in the commercial progress of the colony. The imports have fallen off nearly a quarter of a million during the past quarter, being £2,041,277, as against £2,280,553 for the correspond ing quarter of last year^-a result partly due to increased caution on the part of importers, and also to some extent to the Government having lessened their shipments of railway and other mate rial under the Public Works scheme. The exports on the other hand present a gratifying increase of nearly £100,000, being £767,891, as against £668,788 during the same period of 1874. Auckland's imports for the quarter were £482,207, and her exports £175,563, showing a decrease in the former of over £28,000, and an increase of the latter of £51,000 odd, on the corresponding quarter of 1874. The colonial revenue, from the quarterly statement, does not appear to have come up to the Colonial Trea surer's estimate and expectations ; but it is scarcely fair to test his calculations by a single quarter of the year. The bank re turns show an increase of deposits to the extent of £186,000, the assets now being close on eleven millions, against which are liabilities to a little over seven millions. The Government Post-* office Savings' Banks statistics indicate, so far as the Auckland branch is concerned, an excess of with drawals over deposits, arising principally from the fact that a large amount of freehold property is com ing into the market, which is being bought by the artizan and industrial classes through the various building societies, in order to escape the high rentals at present prevailing in the city. Mining business on the Lower and Upper Thames gold-fields has not been brisk during the past month. The yield of gold has been about 6000 oz., a smaller quantity than usual, but arising from the fact that the return only covers three weeks, owing to the altered date of departure of the mall steamer. The drainage difficulty still remains unsettled, and the mines in the Waio-o-karaka, adjacent to the Bright Smile (whose pumps have ceased working), are being gradually flooded. Some settlement will have to be effected shortly, as the miners who have been driven from the lower to the intermediate levels of these mines will shortly have to fall back upon the upper workings. It seems to be a question ©f who can hold out the longest, rather than one of equity, and the parties to the dispute appear to believe Dr. Johnson's dictum to be as efficacious in mining matters as in matters theological, to wit, ' That the truth is only to be ascertained by persecution on the one hand, and endurance on the other.' In the meantime, a con siderable number of men are being thrown out of employment, with the prospect of more to follow. At present the pumps of the United Pumping Asso ciation are being kept going by the £60,000 vote of the General Assembly, and it is proposed to open up communication from the Waio-o- karaka Flat with its shaft, in the hope that the water may be lifted by its splendid and powerful machinery. That enterprise would occupy some time, however, and the need of the hour is a remedy which will again enable the miners to resume work in the lower levels of the mines. Any failure in successfully grappling with the drainage question must prove seriously detrimental to the Thames gold-field, and also to the Province at large, with which its interests are inti mately bound up. In view of a possible decline in the gold-fields interest efforts have been made at the Thames to retain the skilled and experienced gold miners located there by endeavouring to promote spe cial settlement in the Upper Thames country, and to get limited areas of agricultural land adjacent to the gold-field thrown open to tie diggers for occupation under specified regulations. The Provincial Govern ment has not seen its way clear, however, to form such special settlements in the Te Aroha and Ohine muri country, but it has lately thrown open else where blocks, amounting in the gross to 64,000 acres, from which the miners may select holdings. Some Victorian capitalists have lately been investing in the purchase of blocks of land, in the Viako district, Upper Thames. December 6. The Auckland graving dock scheme has turned out a miserable fiasco. A few hours after the closing of my communication per Hero (s.), the Harbour Board met to consider the tenders which had been received. The lowest tender was £96,787, or £27,000 over Mr. Moriarty's estimate, and £9000 more than that of the Beard's engineer. On going into the financial posi tion of the Board, it was found that, notwithstanding a loan of £150,000 had been sanctioned on the har bour endowments (£100,000 of which had been already raised), with works in hand, or contracts accepted, there would be a deficiency of nearly £40,000 to complete the graving dock scheme. In the face of these facts, which ought to have been known to the members of the Board, they declined to ac cept the responsibility their decision would have in volved, and accordingly passed the following resolu tion : — ' That the original estimate of the engineer being so much less than the lowest tender received, itis not desirable to accept of any of the tenders received.' The result is most discreditable to any public body ; the harbour loan had been increased from £100,000 to £150,000 by the Legislature, on the express under standing that a commodious dock should be constructed, but it now appears that the bulk of the funds has been devoted to other objects. Not the least of the evils entailed is the imputation which maybe fairly made against the Board of adver tising for tenders in the Australian colonies, and causing actions expense and trouble to contractors, while at the same time they were not in a position to j accept a single tender offered. Two plans have been suggested t» get the Board out of its dilemma — 1, to I determine certain contracts, compensating thecon ; tractors, and using the funds thus set free with the balance in hand to construct the dock ; or, 2, to raise | £50,000 additional on the endowments, by way of mortgage. It is a matter of grave doubt whether even a small dock for the nse of the coasting and interprovincial shipping will be constructed. The first of the Hawke's Bay native land cases, carried by what is known as the ' Repudiation Party ' into the Court of Appeal at Wellington, has just been decided, practically, in favour of the natives. The decision of the Court in Karaitiana v. Sutton, declares absolutely void all conveyances, mortages, and leases of land subsequent to the Native Land Act, 1869, which has not been concurred in by a majority in value of the grantees. Fully three-fourths of the land purchases in Hawke's Bay will be adversely affected by this judgment, and it has created some dismay among those concerned. Mr. Sutton has been involved in £1000 legal expenses, and the loss of property is estimated at £15,000. Mr. James Farmer, of Auck land, it is said, will also be affected by the decision of the Court of Appeal, having purchased land through Mr. Sutton worth £40,000. The Native Minister (Sir Donald M'Lean), Mr. Ormond, and others, are also concerned. A Defence Association is in process of formation amongst those interested to raise a fund to defend themselves, and to enable cases to be taken on appeal to the Privy Council. The natives are not likely to gain much by their verdicts, judging from the past, as the legal gentry who take up these cases from ' pure love and affection,' generally manage to secure the oyster, leaving the Maoris the shells. Judge Richmond and Judge Manning, who were appointed a Commission some time ago to examine the Hawke's Bay land transactions, reported that with two or three exceptions, the purchases were equitable and just ; but if through legal chicanery the natives get out of land transactions, for which they have been already paid, those who know anything of Maori nature, do not need to be told that the work of ' repudiation ' has as yet only begun. In the Auck land Native Lands Court some 200,000 acres are under adjudication at the present time, partly at the Thames and partly on the Ea6t Coast. The '? advanced civilization' of some of the Thames gold-fields natives was sufficiently proved, at a recent sitting, by their attempting to pa6s through the Court, under fresh names, blocks of land which, they had already sold to the Government. The Parliament is to be dissolved, by proclamation, to-day (December 6), and the new writs will be at once issued. They are to run sixty days. An Auckland journal, the Echo, gave up the ghost the other day, only surviving its first birthday by a week, the victim of a complaint which has been lat terly chronic, ' weakness of the chest.' The atmos phere of Auckland seems to be fatal to such enter prises, this being about the tenth journalistic venture in as many years which has succumbed to the perils peculiar to infaney. The plant of the Echo is about to be removed to Dunedin, where it is said it will re appear as a rival to the Dunedin Evening Star, and in the interests of the Provincial party. Mr. Macandrew, it is understood, has been latterly somewhat dissatis fied at the' attitude assumed by the Dunedin press on the abolition question, and the above project is in tended to give his party an organ for the exposition and defence of Provincialism. 