' h-, L / Atrocities in Bangkok- The following dotnils, says an Indian paper, relato to tho ordinary legal executions at Bangkok, Sinin : Tho culprits woro four : un incendiary, sentenced to have his hand cut off ; a murderer to ho ripped open ; tho third, a political ofl'ondor, to bo delivered- to wildboasts; and tho fourth a blasphemer, to have his bond burnt off. Tho bxocu- tioners mado full speed, grinding tho axos and sabres, dressing the furnace, and preparing tho bellows. Tho in cendiary camo first and tendered his wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying in tho air. . This mutilation did not seem to effect him- much, for ho wont nmongst the-, crowd to wit ness tho . following executions. Tho murdoror next takes a soat on a stone and whilst nutting into liis1 abdomen, .-ho koops, biting a banana ; tho sufferer is tlion soon to gnash his teoth, nud, undor horrible convulsions, loses tho banana and sinks to rise no moro. Tho traitor to tho Kinjg, moan wliilo is looking down a doii speaking to tho tigers, androcom- monding thorn to sliarpon their appetites. Tho exocutors seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and loword him slowly into the horrible holo, after which tlioy draw tho rope up. Thon wo hoar, says M. Caulnons, an eye-witness, somothing I like miullecl crepitation ; xroin timo to time a human form is soon jorkocl up ; tho breaking of tho skull and tho thigh bones is distinguishable. Tlio wild boasts are roaring- all the time, but no human cry is audible. As for tho sacrilegious criminal, the oxocutionos tied him on a plank, and placed jJfiL lioad between two coal-pans. Thoy thon work tho bellows and direct jots of flnmo 011 tho oulprits head, who cori- tinuos singing what is supposed to bo an impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering undor tho darts of firo, aud yot ho continuos his psal mody. Moanwhilo his body writhes' hi awful convulsions, his eyes are blooding, his bones crackling, and ho finally gives up tlio ghost with a fearful yoll. 