Mlu %xpi%. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In the place where I am demanded ot consclonco to speak tho.trulh. and, thoroloro, the truth I speak, I Impugn It whoso llet." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lottere and other communications intended for In- sertion fn tho no» s co!uniiig should bo addressed to TUB EDITOR. Rojccted communications cannot bo roturnod undor an> circumstance« whatever. No-notice eau bo taken of anonymous coirnnunlcattonu. Every letter must bo accompanied by tho natnoand address of tho writer, not neceseardy lor publication, but as a guarai.tco of good faith. 1 o avoid inconvemonco and at-lay to persons intoroatod wo havo to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, bo addressodto Winson and iUcBirNOH, and uot to TUB EUITOR. TUESDAY, MAT l8, 1875. Tüo dream of the protectionists was to make Victoria the manufactory of the South. To gain this end they counselled other people to mako sacrifices, and told the miners and the farmers that they ought to be willing to pay for tho benefit of those who proferred a town to a country life. These people had their way, and have tried their experi- ment, and should bo ready to lot their case stand or fall by the re- sults produced. If Victoria is at the head of all the colonies for manufac- tures, then it may bo argued that there are some reasons to supposo that the work attempted has been done in part at least, no matter what the cost may have been. The sacrifice has not been made altogether in vain. It may bo true that a slice has been taken from every loaf consumed by the workman's family, and a considerable addition made to the expense of clothing, but then, after all. whatever freetraders may say, the protectionist has his reply, that Sir CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY'S wondrous eulogium was warranted by the facts, and Victoria stands exalted by her manufactures. A colony like New South "Wales, which clings to freo trado, which recently removed all ad valo? cm duties, and which is about further to modify its tariff, should be altogether out of the raco, being obviously too obtuse to profit by tho example which Victoria has set. But if it Bhould happen that Victoria is not the premier colony in this respect, if others aro equally or further advanced, then wo presume the protectionists will bo ready to admit that theil policy has somehow not fulfilled the« dream, and that manufactures may be promoted by other means than the ingenious device of taking a shilling from one workman in order to give sixpence to another. If they will not, as indeed is likely enough, admit this, our work will be equally done, for the public will seo that the facts are nothing and the theory every- thing, and that people are nover so fatally and obstinately deceived as when they deceivo themselves. We have shown what aro the manu- factures of this colony, and how many of them can fairly bo credited to protec- tion ; and wo have given some inkling of what thoy cost the country. Wo now purpose showing what tho other colonies have dono, where there has been no special legislation in favour of protection. Wo may stato that our facts and figures will bo taken from the excellent Australian Handbook for 1875, published by 'Messrs. GORDON and GoTcn, in which statistics of tho whole of tho colonies of Australasia will bo found. Naturally wo turn first to New South Wales, as being tho pro- claimed rival of Victoria, and as the colony whoso statesmen repudiato tho antiquated doctrines which have found favour hero, and who, it is agreeablo to record, havo tho courage of their opinions. To mako the comparison understood, it is necessary to bear in mind that the number of manufactories of all kinds in Victoria in 1874 was Í.978, and that this includes flour-mills, otteries, breweries, etc., or, in othor words, the establishments, as they aro called, roached the number given. Tho first discovery wo mako is, that thoro aro in Now South Walos no less than 7,7G9 manufactories, works, eke, besides 188 flour and 71 sugar mills. Of tho manufactories, 381 work up hides, skins, wool, &&. 214 aro for tho manufacturo of food and drink j 531 for building materials . 137 for the working of metals. and the rest of a miscellaneous character, including two paper mills, four ice factories, and six Woollen manufactories. The tariff of New South Wales comprises about GO' ipms, tho tariff of Victoria many hundreds; and yet our neighbour puts us to Bhrime by her enterprise and industry. What is more, we aro reminded of a recent boast, that, but for protection, thora would have been no woollen-mills in tho colony, and we ask, how do they manage these tl»'ngs in Now South "Wale3, which has beaton Victoria on this very ground ? We soo, therefore, that protection has not boon required in one colony at loast, and, curiously enough, that colony has more manufactories than any other, protected and enterprising Victoria in- cluded. In South Australia, where the tariff is more akin to that of Victoria, though not intended to pro- mote protection, we find that there were in 1871 not lesa than 1,489 manufactories, many of which, however, are boiling-down establishments. As these, and other kindred industries, are included in the statistics of Victoria, the comparison holds good, and wo may say, looking at tho difference of population, that South Australia has made fair pro- gress. Queensland has, wc find, 4 flour mills, 65 sugar mills, 2G steam saw-mills, ¿6 cotton-gins, 13 aoapworks, 5 meat preserving establishments, 10 distilleries, and 593 other manufactories. Yet the population of Queensland is only about one-fifth of that of Victoria. The tariffs of the four colonies which we have compared differ considerably, but in Victoria alone has there been an avowed, deliberate experiment upon the effects of protection. New South Wales has always been favourable to free trade, and is pursuing that policy steadily, although she has before her the results which used to please the protectionists of Victoria so much. Now, is there anything in the figures given to show that the policy of Vic- toria haa made this colony superior in one particular line to all the rest 1 Now South Wales has woollen-mills without a duty upon tweeds, and her workmen can accomplish things which make the Victorian artisan ait down and lamont, or call upon the Legislature to tax some- body else that he may thrive. What ia more, New South Wales haa a ship- building and repairing trade which has been driven from Hobson's Bay. For, incredible as it may appear, the fact ia patent that the number of our Bhip and boat builders has decreased during the last ten years. Tn 1805 they numbered 14, in 1873 12, and in 1871 11. Some of these, we happen to know, are builders of boats for the up-country Jakes, and are not connected with the port at all, so that wo may hope, if the present policy is continued, to find the art of building and repairing ships protected out of existence. But, apart from this fact, whoso significance is much greater than is generally under- stood, what ia there in tho figures given to warrant tho insolent tone in which protectionists talk about rabid freetraders 1 What is there to warrant their scorn of men like MILL, ADAM SMITH, RICARDO, and a dozen more, who rank amongst the foremost minds of the world? Ia protection justified of her children 1 Can they point to New South Wales, and say that there is a colony fallen into the sere, the yellow leaf, destitute of manufac- tures, unable to find work for ita people, and cry out that freo trade has broken down 1 On the contrary, all that they claim for protection here, and more, has been dono in N ew South Wales, scorned of Victoria as slow and destitute of enter- prise. This fact ought, wo think, to make thoao Ministers ashamed who palter with us in a double sense, who eet asido their own convictions, so that they may eat that nastiest of all dishes, their own words. In a pamphlet on higher education i ecently reviewed in our columns, Arch- bishop VAUGHAN is good enough to in- form the world that the Papacy is the fons et origo of all science and culture ; and adds, with what appears to be a fine sense of humour, that "A large " embracing charity, and a generous " view of tho actions of those who " differ from us, ... . are the " results of Catholic principles joined " to Catholic training." We are always thankful for information, even when it is imaginative, aa there is just a chance of its coming true in the future, how- ever false it may be as regards the past. In something like this light we were inclined to accept Dr. VAUGUAN'S assurances, and we tried to feel that in spite of our scepticism there might be some mysterious connexion between tiaras and telegraphs, between mediaeval bulls and the London Times, and that but for tho civilising agencies of the Inquisition and other kindred in- stitutions, we might at this moment have been kissing tho black stone of the Kaaba at Mecca, clubbing our grandmothers, or calmly masticating a choice morsel from a roasted fellow creature. We repeat that we feel quite inclined to be grateful for the " favours " to come" which Dr. VAUGHAN offers us, and there is no telling how long we might have remained in that amiable mood had it not been for another Roman Catholic bishop who has just been lecturing to the good people of Otago on " The Bankruptcy of Liberal " ism." The mere reading of this masterpiece of historic exegesis, coming so suddenly after tho " honeyed phrases" of the address on higher education, has brought on a bad fit of incredulity, which threatens to last for an indefinite period. Tho Right Rev. Dr. MORAN " deals " very faithfully" with Liberalism, and in so doing not only succeeds in producing a most unflattering por- trait, that is the complement of Dr. VAUGHAN'S portrait of tho Papacy, but supplies a good illustration of the kind of teaching by which the Roman Catholic Church of to- day seeks to accomplish its beneficent designs. Liberalism, according to this Catholic luminary, was born amid tho terrors and outrages of the French Revolution, and while it proposed to inaugurate a new order of liberty, equality, and fraternity, its chief mission has always been to defy authority and drag society back to chaos. It has brutalised reason, degraded science, abolished Christianity, debased literature and art, mutilated tho soul, destroyed free thought, and slain liberty. Liberalism has led to the unification of Germany, tho dethrone- ment of King BOMBA, tho robberies of tho Church, and the downfall of France. Liberalism has destroyed all respect and love of truth, by placing truth and falsehood upon a perfect footing of equality ; it has dis- organised society; rendered every in- terest on earth insecure, and turned the nations into standing armies, making Europe " one enormous camp." Lastly, Liberalism has cursed the world with a positive philosophy, and brought humanity down to the position of a well-bred monkey. This is enough to take away the breath of an average Liberal, but tho merciless bishop pro- ceeds to extremities, and roundly asserts that ninety-nine in every hundred men who profess Liberalism are " perfectly " incapable of pronouncing any opinion " (sic) on social and religious matters, " without mentioning purely scientific "subjects." To be called a rogue is bad enough, although in this case the gigantic scale on which tho crimes of Liberalism have been per petrated lends a charm to the situ- ation ; but to be called a fool in addition, and to take it calmly, requires more grace than a layman usually has at command. Here we have an admir- able illustration of Dr. VAUGHAN'S " large embracing charity," the benign result of ' Catholic principles and " Catholic training." In all seriousness, the utterances of such an insane indictment of Liberalism, at the close of the nineteenth century is all but incredible. We have been of late familiar in Victoria with novel and ingenious readings of history, by which tho darkest epochs come out with bright faces, and crowned devils are developed into deified saints, and we thought our local performers were not to be beaten in that line. But Bishop MORAN fairly " out-Herod's " HEROD " in running a-muck at all tho agents of modern progress and reversing all the deductions of modern history. Whatever the rank and file of the Roman hierarchy may be—and if their theories can hold water they should be paragons of culture-it is fair to as- sume that a bishop is an educated man; yet It is hard to believe that Bishop MORAN is not densely ignorant of tho principles and forces that have begotten the evolutions of modern history, and, what is worse, absolutely at fault with regard to the position and influence of his own church. Either that is the case, or he deliberately misrepresents all the facts and agencies that belong to the shaping period of tho eighteenth cen- tury, and is guilty of manufacturing a false index to by far the most important volume of human history. We prefer the milder alternative, and must ex- press our sincere regret that men should take upon themselves to teach with authority without having learnt the alphabet of a liberal education, and should undertake to pronounce such tremendous judgments upon Liberalism without understanding either its origin or its objects. The bishop's history begins with the Declaration of Rights by the French Assembly of 1789. There and then the gorgon Liberalism was born. Thus, this innocent ecclesiastic never heard of tho Mayflower, or of the German Reforma- tion, or of the brave Netherlanders, who fought through so many years, and who fight still to our sympathy through MOTLEY'S brilliant volumes, the battles of liberty ? DE TOCQUEVILLE, and Sis MONDI, and CARLYLE have written in vain for him, and France before the Revolution is a sealed book. Professing to keep his eye on France, and to regard her fate as the necessary effect of Liberalism, he knows nothing of the fact familiar to every student, that tho tyranny and corruption of the Gallican Church, no longer purified by the pre- sence of men like FENELON and BOUR DALOUE, were leading causes of that unexampled revolt against constituted authority which confounded despotism and order, Christianity and the Church, in one indiscriminate destruction. The spirit of liberty was abroad in Europe, and it was mainly the efforts of Bishop MORAN'S church to stifle it that stung it into frenzy, and stained its subsequent history with acts of revenge We are paying the bishop a higher com- pliment than he deserves when wo assert, with a whole shelf of historical authorities behind us, that the Papacy was a direct progenitor of the Revolu- tion, and that tho Liberalism he de- nounces was largely nourished on its tyrannies and abuses. In the interests of truth and justice, we protest against this transparent trick of loading Liberal- ism with crimes that exist for the most part in Popish imaginations, and sending unthinking hearers on a false historical scent, in order that the sins of the Church may remain unseen. If tho historical region were the only one in which wrong is done by such conduct, it would be necessary to resent it, but when tho liberties of the hearth and the state, the treasures of science and truth, and the funda- mental principles of personal religion, are prejudiced and reproached by those episcopal devices, no condemnation can be too severe. Having made France tho béte noire of his historical sermon, and remarked that where Christian principle is recognised no force is needed to maintain moral authority (cannot the ghosts of ALVA and his butchered victims haunt the dreams of this un- conscious cleric ?), he winds up with an illustrious example. Germany is hag- ridden by BISMARCK, England is ap- plauding GLADSTONE, and both these Radical Liberals are battering down the Church, and driving the poor old POPE into strong language. But there is one happy country where, if a priest raises a "pole," the people submit to " superior power," peace is perfect, and life and property are safe, and that country is—Spain ! We have heard so much of Vineland, in New Jersey, from teetotal orators, temperance writers, and Permissif»! mtil agitators, that wo havo como to look upon it as tho " Earthly Paradise," in quest of which tho Scandinavians, in Mr. WILLIAM MORRIS'S poem, adventurously set forth. Vineland, we have been encouraged to believe, is a region in which all tho virtues flourish upon toast and witter, and in which tho sin of ADAM has beon washed out by floods of tea. Its inhabi- tants, exempt from inebriety and ínno cont of a knowlodge of ardent liquors, we have always pictured as oxclanmiig, with tho pretty Goorgian at Selim's banquet, "Come hither, come hither-by night and by day, "We linger in pleasures that never are Like the waves of the summer, as one dies away, Another as sweet and as sinning comes on." It was, thorofore, with something lUKe a pang of sorrow and disappointment, time wo road in tho New York ¡Prifciww of tno 20th of Mardh last, that Vineland had been tho scene of a deliberate assassina- tion ; and it was with still deeper gire and consternation that wo learned ti» assasin to have been no other than Mr. LANDIS, the founder of the settlement, While his victim was Mr CARRUTH, the editor of the Vine Land lndependent, a journal devoted to the advocacy of tem perance and the regeneration of mankind. It seems that the latter had by implica- tion accused tho forruor philanthropist and'social reformer of luring tried to got Mrs LAKDIS into a private lunatic asylum, w.thout any adequate provocation Thereupon tho founder of Vinoland wont down to tho newspaper offico and sont , for tho oditoi As Mr OAMIUTII mtcrcd «io door Mr LA.* DIB proaonted j putol at him Iho editor turned and fled puiaued by his assailant, who fired at lum tho bill entonng tho back of hu , Lad, and lodging in hi» brain Tins Terr intemperate nroceeding waa oipoctod to nrov o fatal to tho rocipiont of tho shot, sad tho moral of the incidont aooma to bo that mon can no more provont thoir anery passions from rising ivhon they unbibo nothing but pump water than thoy can when they mdulgo in Martoll or Hennessy ^^^^^^^^_ There was no meeting of the Executive yesterday, but tho Cabinet sat until a late liour laat night preparing measures for the coming session We pubhahed m our lasuo of yeatorclay a rarttraph giving tho substance of a letter addressed to us by Captain Bialon, late of the Trench Army, in which he stated his desire, as a soldier, to place himself "at the dis. posai ' of Colonel Anderson, m reference to that officers answer, as reported, to a question pat to him at the last meeting of the Volunteer Commission. It has been intimated to us, by a friend of Colonel Anderson's, that the paragraph re. ferred to is, in the colonels opinion, ex pressed in such a way as to convoy an unpleasant imputation personal to himself For our own part, wo cannot admit that the construction put upon our words by Colonel Anderson is a fair or legitimate one, but we have no objection to state that it was very far from our intention to convey any imputation of the kind. Our sole objcot in publishing tho paragraph was to afford the colonel commandant an oppor nity of withdrawing or explaining certain »ords which, as we stated, we believed he never intended to hoar the inter- pretation BO generally attributed to them It appears, however, that immediately after tlie pubhcation of the proceedings of the commission, Colonel Anderson explained to the French Consul thit his answer to the question put to bira had not been correctly rendered, and certainly was not intended to be offensive, and wo have boon shown a letter m which the Count do Castolnau declares himaelf to be perfectly satisfied that Colonel Anderson never had tho least intention of insulting the French nation We may add that the colonel loat no time yeBterday m taking steps to place himself m communication with Captain Bialon but owing to the temporary absence of the latter from home the matter remains in abeyance at present The French residents of Victoria however may rest content that tho explanations so promptly offerod by Colonel Andereon to the French Consul and BO cordially accepted by him, are amply sufficient to show that the wholo affair is the result of an unfortunate misapprehen- sion somewhere The ordinary meeting of the Royal Society was held yesterday evening. Mr George Toord read an abstract of Professor Wy ville Thomsons paper "A preliminary notice on the nature of the sea bottom procured by tha soundings of H.M S Challenger,' published in the proceedings of the Royal Society of England The paper gave a very interesting description of the results of the deep sea dredgings, and showed that the work per formed by the expedition had been of a highly important character Mr W, M. Cooke ox. minted the "sciopticon," an improved form of the magic lantern, and read a description of the instrument The mayor of Melbourne yeBterday re. ceired £55 lis. Id, the amount collected at Fitzroy towards the Gothenharg rund. The fund cannot be distributed until all the amounts collected have been sent in, and the mayor therefore desires that all who have collected subscriptions shall at once remit the suma raised Tbe IMBI Pnus sittings of the Supreme Court before Trinity term will commence on Thunda}. Among the cases for trial is ono by Dr Dobson M L C , against the proprie, tors of the Da\ly Telegraph newspaper It ansea out of the controversy between Dr Dobson and Mr Casey relative to the selec bon by the former of an allotmont at Brandy Creek and Dr Dobson alleges that the comments made hy the defendants on the matter exceeded the bounds of legitimate criticism The flags on the warehouses at Sandridge were lowered to half mast yesterday as a mark of respect for the memory of Mr W. H. Gresham and the two men who went down the bay with him on Thursday morning, who are supposed to have been drowned, as already reported. The Edith Kate, which went in search of the missing men, returned yesterday, but had not ascertained anything. She brought hack the Felix Holt, the boat in which Mr Gresham and party went down the bay, and which was found on the beach at Schnapper Point .A life buoy belonging to the boat, and some newspapers with Mr Gresham's name on them, found on the beach at the Point, were also brought up by the Edith Kate. Mud Island was not visited. The life buoy was frayed inside as if some one had been using it, and it is believed that one of the party made use of the buoy until he was drowned or devoured by sharks. The Felix Holt is a very light skiff, and it seems to have been a very reckless thing to venture down the bay in her in such weather as prevailed on Thurs- day morning. The practice of going down the bay to board vessels before they have been visited by the Customs officials was pro- hibited some years ago, on account of the danger attending the habit which at the hmo was shown by accidents and loss of life, but recently the practice has been resumed. It is to be hoped that the harbour authorities will take steps to prevent unnecessary loss of life from trade competition. The Tabilk Vineyurd, Lower Goulburn always noted for ita productiveneas), has this jear, we aro informed produced 08 43G Ballona of wine The total area of tho vino yard ia about 120 acres, and of that m full beating about 110 atreB so that the ahovo Product fcivea an averoto of about 022 gallona to the aero bome portions of tho vineyard save as high as ovor 1 000¿allons to the acre "he fruit was gathered in in fino condition the weather being on the wholo most favour able for vintage operations, and from tho condition and character of the must, the wine is expected to bo of a vory superior quality. We doubt if the abova average yield per aero has ever beon excelled, or even «mailed, in any part of the world for the Burne area of vinoyard The crop of tho Previous vintage was considered to bo quite as large, hut, owing to heavy rains which sot m towardo the end of the vintage, grapos equivalent to about 10,000 gallons of wine had to he left nngathered. "? mooting of church workers, consisting of Kembers of tho Episcopal congregations in Melbourne and the suburbs, was held last «vening at the Assembly hall, Collins street, lhere were about 000 persons present, and T Very Rev theDeanofMelbournepresidod -is Pxcelloncy the Acting Governor was unavoidably detained by huainoss, and was unable- to bo present Addressos on various subjects wero delivered by Mr W E Morriq, tue Rev C S Perry, tho Rev T Holme and tuo Rev IT B Macartney 'The president »lao delivered a Bhort address at the com »encornent of tho proceedings Iho annual tea mooting of the members of tho CollinB Btreet Independent Sunday. School was held in the aohoolroom, Collins «weet, lost night About 400 persons sat «own to tea. A publia meeting was held in the church afterwards, the Rev. A. M, Hen- derson presiding. The secretary's report showed that tho schools were in a very flourishing condition. During the laBt year a juvenile choral society had been established with very satisfactory results. The treasurer reported that the total receipts for tho last year amounted to £231, and tho expenditure was £227 2s Gd. The Madelino- street school, which had been started by some members of tho congregation, had been amalgamated with tho Collins Btreot school. During the evening addresses were delivered by tho Rev. A. M, Henderson and Mr. W. F. Walkor. Mr. David Loo presided at tho organ, and some fine selections of sacred music wore exceedingly well rendered by the teachors and scholars. A meeting of the committee of the Vic- toria Coursing Club was held yesterday after- noon, when it waa decided that as the Wild- wood country was almost under water from tho late heavy rains, tho first day's coursing for the President's Cup should bo hold in tho Vineyard-paddock. The mcoting-placo for Wednesday morning will theroforo bo at Sunbury station, on tho arrival of the special train, which leaves tho Spencer-street station at 8 a.m. The draw for the stake will take place at No. 1 Bank-place, this afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Mr. James M'Calloeh has brought out with him in the s.s. Northumberland a couple of celebrated greyhounds. Tho most important dog of the pair is Cashier, by Cardinal York, from Lady Stormont, who has already made his mark as a siro in England, besides hav- ing beon himBolf a good performer in the coursing field. Cashier is a black dog, grizzled with age, standing rather high on tho leg, and at first view ia not at all a taking dog. Ile is plain on the croup, and has a coarse tail, but he is very large round the heart, has strong, though not handsome, loins, and possesses a fine shouldor, with great liberty. His most taking point is his hind leg, which indicates great strength. In the field he showed a fine turn of speed, and could keep it up for any dis- tance, and he has the great advantage of transmitting these qualities to his stock. The other importation is Tumult, four years ' old, by Cock Robin, from Tackle. Though not at present in very good condition, this is a much moro taking animal than his shipmate. Ho has performed woll in the old country, and in good company. In 1873 he divided the North and South Lancashire Stakes for puppies, with 30 competitors ; won the Clifton Cup for 16 dogs, beating some celebrated greyhounds ; and ran up in the South Lancashire Derby in 1872\. Ile ran two undecideds with Chame- leon, full sister to Cock Robin, at Altear ; and in the Douglas Cup he ron two undecided courses with Mentor, the winner. He also beat Gallant Foe, the winner of the Waterloo Purse, at the Border Union Meeting. Cashier and Tumult were on view yesterday after- noon at Mr. W. M'CuUoeh's outee, when a largo number of gentlemen who take an interest in coursing inspected them. A meeting of chess competitors for the Challenge Cup at present held by Mr, L. Goldsmith was held at Nissen's Cafe last night. Mr. P. D, Phillips occupied tho chair. There aro l8 entries for the cup, and the play will commenco soon after the handi- cap is published. Messra. Sedgfiold, Connell, and L. S. Phillips were appointed to handi- cap tho players. The funeral of the lato Sergeant Alford Campbell, of the Metropolitan Artillery Corps, took place yesterday, the remains being followed to tho.General Cemetery by Captain H. A, Clarke, the commander of the corps, and 80 officers and non-commissioned officers and members of the corps, besides some members of rifle corps. The body of the deceased was conveyed to the cemetery on a gun-carriage, drawn by two horses ; and the band of the East Melbourne Artillery attended the procession, and performed Inneral music. Tho deceased, although only 23 years of ago, had beon a member of the Metropolitan Artillery Corps for upwards of five years, and bad held the position of sergeant for two years and a half. Joseph Knapp, the landlord of the Royal Exchange Hotel, was agaiu summoned at the Prahran Court yesterday for selling liquor to a man whilst in a stato of intoxication. Mrs. Young, tho woman at whose instance the proceedings were initiated, stated that her husband was served with beor when he was in a state of drunkenness, but she admitted that afterwards he walked home without exciting remark. As the charge was not clearly made, out, the Bench decidod on dismissing tho case. Joseph Pryor, or Prior, was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, on a charge of murdering his wife. The particulars of the case so far as ascertained have been published. The prisoner was remanded, to appear at the inquest to be held to-day. William Bristow, aged 38 years, living in Williamstown, waa admitted to tho Mel- bourne Hospital yesterday, having sustained severe scalp wounds and fracture of the ribs by a fall into the hold of the Albort Victor, lying at Sandridge, upon which vessel he was engaged in making repairs. A man named George Cooper was seized with a fit on the Queen's Wharf yesterday afternoon, and was taken to the Melbourno Hospital, as he was somewhat bruised while struggling in tho fit. A Bum of no less than £116 15s. 8d. was found in the man's pocket by the police, who took charge of it. Had the man been attacked by the fit in an un- frequented place he would probably havo been robbed of his money. The Rev. Charles Clark has consented to give a recitation at the concert in aid of the Kruse fund, on the22nd inst, as ho conaidors that the object sought is ono worthy of the co-operation of all who havo at heart the interests of art-culture. Tho Rev. S. C. Kent delivered an interest- ing lecture last night in tho John Knox Church, Swanston-street, on "The Life and Labours of George Whitfield." There were about 150 persons present, Mr. M'Caw pro siding. The lecturer gave a graphic summary of the career of tho colobrated preacher. Whitfield owed nothing to his origin, as his mother kept the old Bull Inn, at Gloucester, and ho himself actod for two years as a common tapster. He went to Oxford as a senitor, but his parts wero soon discoverod by the Methodist party, with whom ho be- came associated. As instances of the in- fluence he exercised, tho lecturer stated that David Hume said it was worth going 20 miles to hear Whitfield preach. His voice and presence were greatly in his favour, and his eloquenco had as great an effect on the edu- cated and refined as the lowly and illitorato. Benjamin Franklin, who was a sincere ad- mirer of Whitfield, calculated that his voice could bo heard distinctly by a multitude com- posed of 30,000 persons. The lecturer was listened to with great attention, and loudly applauded on concluding. A special meeting of St. Patrick's Society was held last night at the hall, Bourke-streot west, for tho purpose of electing a trustee in place of Mr. James Barry. Mr. Michaol O'Meara was electod. A concert took place at Hookin'a rooms last night in aid of the funds of the West Melbourne Town Band. This body which has only been organised about six months, con- sists of about 30 mombors, who have at con- siderable oxpense paid for their inBlrumonts and uniform-a very noat ono-and gen- erously intend to devote their services to the amusement of their townspeople. Their first public appearance in a building was highly creditable. They played a march, "The cot where I was horn," writton by their band- master, Mr. Hearnes, with precision and spirit, and were deservedly encored, when they substituted "Home, Sweet Home." The Collingwood Rifles Band also gavo somo good selections, and a numbor of songs and rocitations were rendored by about a dozon amateurs, including MÍBS Bassott M'Donald, who sang several balladB very prettily. The Fitzroy amateur minBtrels gave an entertainment in aid of tho funds of tho local'public library, at tho Fitzroy town-hall, yesterday ovening. There was a large audi ence. The minstrels, who wero 16 in nura . ber, under the leadership of Mr. La Feuil' lade, performed a number of instrumental selections, choruses, and solos, for the most part in very fair style. Two ot three of the sentimental songsters had good voiceB, which they knew how to UBO, but, as is always the case, the comicalities of the bones and tam- bourine, though rather feeble imitations of many that have gone before, appeared to give the most satisfaction, and a song of the former was encored twice. The sprightly choruses wero the best portion of the enter- tainment, which of course comprised besides, dancing and a farce. Thofollowing return shows the number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at and despatched horn Victoria, per the P. and 0\. Royal Mail steamships during tho month of March, 1875 :-Received per Ceylon, 47,088 letters, 5,701 packets, 03,651 news- papers ; despatched per Ceylon, 37.01G letters, 1,201 packets, 40,-183 newspapers. Total) 85,001 letters, 7.05G packets, 131,131 news- papers. During tho month of April, 1875 : Received per Chins, i* 03Cr letters, 6,286 packages, 82,560 newspapers ; ' despatched per China, 36,637 letters, 1,270 packages, 38,422 newspapers. Total, 81,597 letters, 7,550 packages, 120,988 newspapers. The monthly meeting of the general com. mittee of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society was held last Monday afternoon, at the officeB, 24 Market-buildings, Collins street west. Present: Mr. Prince (in the chair), Hon. H. J. Wrixon, Messrs. Morgan, Bellin, Ghinn, Cock, Dickson, Adamson, Castieau, Zox, and the bon. secretary. The executive reported that 17 applications had been made during the past month. Ten 'of the appli cants were assisted aa follows, viz :-3 pro- vided with swags, &c.; ; 2 found employment ; 1 supplied with tools ; 1 sent to another country ; 1 to be found a ship ; 2 sent to labour test. The agent presented an inte, resting statement of the progress of 24 of the men who are under immediate notice at present. Some of these seem now to be thoroughly established in positions of good repute. The repayments duriug the period 'amounted to £1 6s. The collector's report was not very favourable. He had received no positive refusal, but was put off from time to time. As this difficulty of getting money had been brought under the notice of the executive during the month, it was deemed advisable with a view to stirring up the inte- rest of the public in the work of the society, which continues to increase, that the secre- tary should draw up a'letter for publication in the press. This letter had been prepared, and was read and approved of by the meeting. The "Mercantile Mutual Benefit Society" is the name of a society which has recently been started in Prahran. The promoters of this society, in framing the ruleB, havo excluded regalia, ceremonies, passwords, &c.; A meeting waa held at tho Telegraph Hotel, Chapel-street, Prahran, on Thursday evening, the 13th inst., when the promoters' list was closed with about 50 membors. The committee of the Inebriate Retroat held their adjourned meeting on Friday '. present-Mr. R. Hodgson (in the chair), Mr Mason, M.L.A., Mr. L. J. Sherrard, Dr. Lloyd, Mr. W. H. Rocke, and the secretary, Dr. M'Carthy. The secretary reported that he had seen the architect, who stated that no part of the male wards could be divided off for the accommodotion of females. The committee directed certain arrangements by which there would be immediately vacancias for more male and female patients. Dr. M'Carthy called attention to tho statement made in the District Police Court, that a certain lady had been in the Retreat. ..»He begged to Btate that she had never been there. The quarterly meeting of the Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society was held on Wed- nesday evening, 12th May, at 5 Collins-streot west. There was a very good attendance of members, and seven new ones wore admitted. The following judges wero ap- pointed for the forthcoming show in July next :-For Belgian and crossed Belgian canaries, Messrs. O'Flaherty, Metzger, and Mitchener; for other canaries, foreign and Australian birds-Messrs. W. Adam, Bell, and Gibson ; for pigeons-Messrs. J. G. Burtt, Allen, and Cochlane. A proof of tho new prize certificate was produced, and the design of it gave great satisfaction to those present. The prize list is also ready, and can be had from the secretaries, Messrs, T, K. Spencer and R. nickling, or from Messrs. Law, Somner and Co. A correspondent writes stating that he has 010 acres of ground that ho desires to offer to the corporation for a depot for nightsoil. The ground is 25 miles from Melbourne, and two and a half miles from the North-Eastern Railway, and, ho states, is admirably situated for such a purpose, being level, or nearly so. Ho proposes to give the corporation 20s. per acre for the manuring of his ground with the nightsoil, trenched 1ft. deep, a load of nightsoil to be put upon every 12ft. x 0ft. of ground, and covered in in tho usual way. He would also give the corporation the whole of the timber, of which there is a consider- able quantity on some parts of the section which could be sold, the corporation charging so much per milo for the use of tho tram- way which it would be necessary to construct. The tramway would also accommodato our correspondent's neighbours, who have a large quantity of timber to como to markot, say, tens of thousands of tons. He has no doubt that the other owners of land in the neigh- bourhood would entor into contracts of a similar nature to the one he proposes. An inquest was hold at Geelong yesterday on the body of Frank Aust, who committed suicide on the previous day by cutting his throat with a penknife. The evidence of Thomas Mooro, landlord of the Youug Queen Hotel, South Geelong, was to the effect that the deceased had called at his house on tho 4th inst., and remained till tho 7th, when he left without notice, return- ing on the 15th, Btating that ho had beon in Melbourne, and had to work a portion of his way back, as he had no money. Ho asked for writing materials, and wrote a letter to his former employer (Mr. Arnold, Colac), asking for au explanation of a Btatemont made about his having stolen some money. Tho deceased then spent the afternoon and evening, apparently very pleasantly, in the billiardroom and in sing- ing. On retiring to bed about 12 o'clock tho wife of witness showed him his room. Shortly after witness and threo others who were in tho bar parlour heard groans. On running up to the room of the doceasod, ho found him with his neck resting on the edge of the chamber, his limbs quivering, and tho iloor covered with blood. He called for assistance, and Messrs. Boyd and Fallon carno up, and put a handkerchief round his neck. The police were sent for nnd a doctor, but death took placo boforo they arrived. Alexander Boyd stated that about a quartor-post 12 ho Baw deceased leaning over tho cbambor. Ho took out his handkerchief and put it round the neck of the deceased, who pulled it off, and pushed witness out of the room. Witness then wont for towels and assistance. Mr. Fallon went up with him. The door was thon lockod, and on breaking it open they found the deceased lying on tho iloor. Witness at- tempted to put his hands ovor the throat of tho deceased, but he sent witnoss away, and oxpired in a few seconds. Constablo M'Cracken deposed to finding a knife, pro- duced, which was covered with blood. Tho jury returned a vordict to the offoct that tho deceased had committed suicide while in a state of temporary insanity. A meetinc of persons having claims in con- nexion with Mr. Wynne's lato candidaturo for tho South-Westorn Province was hold yeBtorduy in Goolong-Mr. Powoll, ono of the creditors, in the chair-when it waa re- solved to take steps to have their claims Batisfied without delay. It is stated that a conßidorable amount is duo to tho com mitteo for cab hire and other expenses in curred in forwarding the intorosta of the candidato. We extract the following from the Tarren. gower Times of Saturday last -"Two vory handsome illuminated testimonial presents havo been made by the shire council and ratepayers, one to Mr W Williams, our much respected ex member, the other to Mr J Tate, formerly connected with this jour nal, and one of the pioneers of Maldon, and withal a man universally estoemod Mr Casey, writes tho Kyneton Guardian 'appears inclined to inaugurate his new land policy by anticipation Under the 20th section of the present Land Act a selector who has complied with the conditions of Ina license, and has obtained tho cortmcito of the Board of Land aud Works to that effect is 'entitled at iny time within 30 daya after three years from tho commence ment of the licence to demand ind obtain from tho Governor a Crown grant upon the payment of 14s for each aero or fractional pnrt of acre, or otherwise he may obtain a lease of the said allotment ' The evident meaning of this provision is that tho selector is allowed the option of obtaining either a Crown grant upon the immediate payment of tho balance of his purchase money or a lease for seven years at 2s per acre per annum But cases havo come to our knowledge within the last few days in which selectors, of whoso good faith thoro is not the slightest doubt, who have complied with all the conditions of their licences, and have obtained certificates from the Board of Land and Works to that effect havo applied for their Crown grants and paid the necea sary fees but have received replies to the effect that the grants will not be issued to them, but that they moy obtain leases if they think fit, instead Wo have also been in- formed that steps have been taken by the Lands department to prevent the transfer of leases, although a lease having been once lBBued, the department has legally speaking no right to interfere Theso and other matters of a similar nature will probably receive some attention when Parliament re assembles " "The Newtown and Chilwell Borough Council, ' the Geelong Advertiser states, " ara setting a good example to other local bodies in different parts of the colony At their late meeting a motion was carried ' that tho necessary proceedinfes bo taken under the Local Government Act 1871, by the council, for taking possession of and leasing all the lands in the municipal district the rates in respect of which have been unpaid for five }ears' The motion was proposed by the mayor, seconded by the ex mayor, and had the support of the other members Its effect will bo to materially increase the re venue from rates to cause owners of unoc. copied blocks of land who havo been fighting Bhyof the collector for years and Blumbenng in obscurity to emerge from their shells, and either improve and utihao or dispose of their properties to thoao who are sufficiently enter prisinc, to do so, and, in short, to advance the general progress and prosperity of the borough ' The following information respecting the Auatialian mails which were forwarded by the Mikado on the 13th of March last, and a portion of which were in the mail steamer Schiller when that vessel was lost on the Sally Islands is supplied by the Sydney Morning Herald - 'The Mikado left Sydney for San Francisco with 111 bags and two packets from tina colony, the mail consisting of 12 853 letters 061 books and 21,419 news pipers. There were also threo bags from Queensland, one from Victoria, one from Tasmania, and two packets from Adelaide On learning of tho wreck of the Schiller, the postmaBtei general the Hon J r Burns, sent the following telegram to London - Roported that steamer conveying the March mails hence via California was wrecked Telegraph particulars and if mails saved . Yesterday ho received the atmexod reply from the postmaster general of London - ' Letter bigs from Sydnoy saved from wreck of Schiller ' Since *hen Mr Ramsay, the postmaster general of Victoria to whom Mr Burns had transmitted his telegram, and the reply thereto telegraphed to know if he could assume that the maila forwardod from Vic tona were also saved and Mr Burns replied in the affirmative ' Mr. Parrott has recently made some further experiments with his now signalling instrument (the sematrope) ' sa}8 tho Syd ney Morning Herald, ' and linds that it is adapted for signalling purposes by means o the rellected light from the moon na well a < the sun On a recent occasion he tested it from lorest Lodgo by means of the reflection of the moon s light and sent messages with great success to the heights at Woolloo mooloo at which point Mr Vesaev was stationed, who said the light shown by the sematrope on this occasion-it was within about CO hours of full moon-surpassed the lifeht Bhown by a Chatham signalling lamp, which is visible with the naked oyo to about five miles Mr Vessey, who received the messages from tho sematrope, thinks it will be available with the moons li&ht; up to aboutlO miles " The Sydney Morning Herald has received intelligence from Noumea up to tho 28th ultimo The Moniteur of that date contains an ordinance signed by the Governor, and dated the 2ith April authorising the schooner Donald M Lean, belonging to Messrs Higginson Morgan, and Co , to sail under the Trench flag between the Now nebndes and New Caledonia. This vessel was it appears, francisée on tho 27th of Moy, 1873 and is usually employed m the "labour' trade The three masted barque Camilla-belonging to the same firm and trading hotween Australia and Now Caledonia-has also been placed under the Trench flag The owners are domiciled at Noumea On the 2jth April the service of the atmionene militaire established in Trance by the National Assembly, waa inaugurated by Mgr Vitte, who celebrated a military maBB, at the Infantry Barracks at Noumea, in the presence of the Governor, the Com- mandant of the Militiry and other distin guished personages The S}dney water supply wants 'reform, ing altogether " to jndgo from tho progress report of the recently appointed Sewage and Health Board Wo quote from tho Sydney Morning Herald -"Tour thousand Boven hundred waterclosots aro directly con nected with tho mains winch should supply the city with the first requisite of health pure water, and tho water mains of Sydnoy are daily sucking with all their might at the wnterclosets Vie could not havo beon astonished had theso frightful disclosures led instantly to a universal stampedo from such a city of filth and nastiness, and it is probablo enough that many a citizen has determined never to taBto another drop of Sydney water until tho contamination shall bo effectually remedied Wo now leam that an inspection is to ho made of tho mains with the view of ascor tninming to what extent tho water ia pol luted The Herald of May 13 says -' At tho invitation of tho commission, ¿he mayor has given permission to Mr D C Robertson water inspector, to assist Professor Livor sidge, Govornmont analytical cheniiBt in an inspection of tho water mains A start wai made on Tuesday, and 11 samples altOfeothor v\ ero taken from tho tunnol at Woolloomooloo Goulburn street, Sussex Btreot, Windmill, street, and othei parts of the city Tho in spection wiU probably bo continued next week, and upon its conclusion an analysis of each sample will bo made by Professor Liver Bidgo, and the public will then bo able to ascertain how much sewage and other objoc tionoblo matter they have boon absorbing into their systoms through the medium of what they fondly hoped was aqua puta " "A magisterial inquiry was held at the Brisbane pohco oflico on May 7," the Courier reportB, " before the acting police magistrate, into tho circumstances connected with tho drowning of Mr Hugh Maokmght, late manager of the Queensland National Bank at Stanthorpe whiUt boating m the Bris- bane River The witnesses oxaminod were S G Brigps and Bryan Lynn, who were in tlie boat when it oapaized and S Hamilton, who brouuht the body from whore it was found- among1 tho mangroves on tho north shore of the river about a quarter of a mile from where the accident occurred Beyond the facts already published it was elicited that the squall which overturned the boat was the most uolent the witness Briggs had ever known in the river Unsworth, who could not Bwim, was saved by resting on a couple of oars which were pushed towards him by the others When the party, who were in the water nearly li tlf an hour, were tired of floating near where the boat had sunk they struck for the Bhoro thinking as deceased was a good swimmer he would also easily reach it Lynn who pushed a box towards deceased (who at tho time had a keg under Ins arm) reached the shoro and run nmg up the bank saw about a quarter of a milo off, what he believed to bo Macknight binl ing about 200 yards from the shoro De ceased had been a great deal in tho water during the day and was very cold in the boat before she upset He had no shirt on only a light coat buttoned up and no shoes Vi hen the DOT wag pushed towards him, he said he felt done The body was brought to town on the 5th inst and buried on the following morning being followed to the grave by a large number of the Masonic body and fnendsof the deceased The Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes -"There appears to bo a growing feeling of dissatisfaction in this district with tho protectionist policy of tho country Many who »a former times were most enthusiastic advocates of protection to native industry,' now publicly admit tint they believe that tho piesont depressed state of almost every branch of industry which exists m this district is owing to the oxees sive duties imposed on articles of use and commerce, and their consequent enhanced pnces Several whom I havo spoken to on the subject say that they never dreamt that the system would have been carried out to the extent that it has been ' " In a case of murder heard on the 10th inst at the Central Criminal Court Sydney, before Mr Justice Hargrave the murderer/' the Sydney Morning Herald remarks, " waa an aboriginal nativo of the colony, while the murdered man and the witnesses in the case belonged to the same race It is often con- sidered that the aborigines are so far Bunk in the depths of barbarism as to be almost inaccessible to the advantages of civilisation but the intelligence displajed by the wit nesses in the case of the Queen v Jacly II hyman certainly went to show that they are not wanting m intellige nee and m clear ness m expressing themselves In opening the case to tho jury the Attorney General (the Hon W B Dallej) who prosecuted for the Crown said that the witnesses together with the prisoner, belonged to a tribe which w as partly civilised He would bo able to do what was but seldom done in this colony call aborigines into the box, and have them sworn in tho usual manner This statement of the learned Attorney General was fully borne out when it carno to the turn of Charlotte Hadigaddy, the daughter of the murdered black, and Goody Hadigaddy his widow, to be examined Test questions were put to both wit nesses in reference to their understanding of the nature of au oath and satisfactorily answered Both mother and daughter were living in camp when the murder took place, but they had been at some period of their lives under the force of Christianising m fluences Both gave tueir evidence with much perspicuity and in excellent English-not in that mixed kind of speoeh which white Aus trahans who dwell in towns may conclude is the only medium through which aborigines who havo mingled with whites can express themselves The aborigines of Bega and neighbourhood who appeared in court yester day were evidently m\ich superior to the representatives of the old Australian raco who aro to bo seen occasionally walking in rags about the streets of Sydnoy, loitonng about the doors of public houses and begging from passers by for tobacco and money The murdered man, Paddy nadigaddy occupied ac Cobargo a selection of land from the Go v eminent of the colony on which ho culti vated a little corn and reared pigs poultry &c; for tho support of his family ' Not Such a Tool aB Ho Looks and Mr Davies s ventnloquial entertainment wero repeated before a capital house at tho Theatre Rojal last night The Pilot will be pro duced on Thursday for the benefit of Mr Stuart O Brien Le Petit laust ' was revivod at the Opera house last night There were no special points about the performance to distinguish it from that which must bo in the favourable recollection of tho habitués of this theatie Miss Winston re appeared after a short rest and was warmly welcomed as sho deserved to be Miss Clara 'i homp son was the samo arch tempter as before when Bho pla. ed the part of Mophistopheles Mr Bracy Mr 1 arloy Mr Daniels Mr Morrison Mr I ordo and the rest of them all played -very well and tho performance was much enjojed by the audience Tonight 'Lo Petit Taust ' will bo repeated with tho additional attraction of a new ventriloquist ' Monsieur Bosco Mr Kennedy and his family having re turned to Melbourne commenced their faro well entertainments last ni_,ht at tho AtlienaAiin Mr Kennedy is at all times wel come to those who have tho humourous turn of mind and understand the idiom which is chaiactenstic of his speech , but hissonsand daughters may now find favour with music lovers who did not estimate thom at much when they first rame here They havo grown m culture and intelligence, and they can now sing such selections (as they did IaBt ni(.ht)-as "Tho Hocks shall leave the mountains, and "Galatea, dry thy tears from Handels "Acia and Galatea ' with very pleasing offect They aro also well worth listening to in such pieces as 'By Celias Arbour' and Sir Henry Bishop s " O, by Rivers ' or Spofiorths' Come Bounteous May ' Decent respectable and homoly tho Konnodys are now making their farewell to the Melbourne audience and there is no doubt they will merit with duo recognition before they have finished They play a different programme to night Hie nibernica had a large audience at St George s Hall last night, and the entor tamments were well recoived The U S Minstrels continuo their attrac tive programme of music and comicalities at the Apollo hall Mr Templeton s letter in reply to Mr M Caskie is unavoidably held over Wo have received from Mr Georgo Robert son a copy of the Australian edition of Mr Gladstones pamphlet entitlud Vatican ism an answer to lieplios and Re proofs 'Hie name "Mrs Tors, th in the list of tho choir at the Atheimim on Sunday should have been "Mrs J Furlong Tho members of the bouth Melbourne Tonic Sol fa Association aro remindod that tho final rehearsal for tho grand concert to bo given on Thursday next takes placo to nitlit at 8 o clock At tho new German Lutheran Church on tho Eastern hill tho new or_,an just com pleted by MeBBrs Leo and Kayo will be opened to night The musical porformanco will bo undertaken by Mrs Cutter Mrs Moule and Mr Behrond as vocalists and Mr Buddoe and Mr P. C Plaisted as organists, .. »j Mr Noel do Leon, of Hawthorn, writes to say that ho was not tho donor of 3s to the City Poor box acknowledged in our yostor day a issue Somobody must havo assumed hw name The following is tho report of tho Lying in Hospital and Hospital for Disoasos of M omen and Children for the week ending 13th May - PatientB in hospital on tho 6th May, 45, admitted during tho wook 14, dis charged, l'J, died 0, remaining in hospital, 40 Total number of out patients for tho week 91, now cases 21 The usual woekly meeting of the West Melbourne Mutual Improvement Society was held on 'thursday evening, Mr Butterfield in the chair There was a fair attendance of members Mr Fred Scarlett read a sketch on " Chinese Lotteries in which he gave an interesting account of the scenes to be wit nessed and characters to be met with on a visit to a Chinese bank on the lottery being drawn. He commented on the bad influence these lotteries were exercislng on the youth of the city A discussion followed 