THE 0 BIG IN AND SPREAD OF TYPHOID FEVER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Kindly allow me space for one word on the outbreaks of typhoid fever referred to in The Argus of this day The filthy state of the town of Oy er-Dar wen truly gives strong prima facie evidence of neglect as the prime cause, but, on the other hand, Lewes was a well cared for place The latest accounts clearly point to specific contagion in both communities By referring to the discussions of this subject in the Lancet for November 7, p Gb!, November 14, p 705, November 28, p 770, it will be found that the outbreaks at both I ewes and Over Darwen arose from specific typhoid poisoning of the drinking water So obvious was this that the Medical Times remarks, November 7, p 524 -"Does not the history of these places and the epidemics of typhoid that visit them go a very long way to move the theory that sewage filth alone will not cause typhoid but that typhoid excreta must he added to it Citations to the same purport might like wise be taken from the Lancet and other medical periodicals recently to hand, but I must refrain, and not venture to trespass upon your space by giving more details, although nothing could afford me more satisfaction than so doing if it would be any way useful to your readers I am sure The Argus is most willing; that both sides should be freely heard on this important question. Nearly all, if not actually all, the English medical journals are expressing themselves in terms of extreme warmth against Pro fcsBOr'lyndall for exposing and popularising the contagious theory as opposed to the pathogenic hypothesis of typhoid fever, and yet their columns are replete with facts con-. corning these two outbreaks that give the most emphatic support to the contact ghost theory I am quite certain that if The Argus will cause a careful analysis of all the facts brought to light relative to those two severe outbreaks at Lewes and Over Darwen, it will be able thereby to corroborate my statement -I am Sir yours re. WILLIAM THOMSON. South Yarra, Jan. 12. Mr. Kelly, for six years a lay reader at In Everleigh, was on Saturday last, at a farewell meeting of the congregation, presented with an address, testifying to his Usefulness and the respect in which he was held, and a purse containing 25 sovereigns. Mr, Kelly BE proceeded to Sydney to be ordained for the ministry. The presentation of a surplice was made on Sunday evening last to the Rev. Walter W. Mantell, curate of St. James's Cathedral, on the occasion of his proposed removal to the curacy of St. Thomas's, Essendon. The present was made by a few sincere friends of Mr. Mantell amongst the congregation of St. James Mr. Mantell has officiated as curate at the cathedral since February last, having been appointed to the cure immediately after his ordination as deacon in 1873. The rev. gentleman commenced his duties in the Essendon parish with the present year, The departure of Mr. Mantell is much re- j gretted by the congregation of St, James's. 