WHO KILLED ' OLD DR. DANBURY ? A DLTECTIVL'S STORY. t- ' I've always thonght, and I always shall -think, that there never was such a night. It waJ in December, 18—, and a cold wind waB blowing tho raiu into my faoe as I patrolled my beat. Rain, I said, bat sometimes is was hail, and sometimes anow, and sometimes— or I fanoied it— all throe togetbor. You'd havo thought that oven a burglar would have been glad to stay indoors, and lot other people's plate and money-bags alone, and that any wrofceh that that had ft shea to creep into, weald havo beon found there, I /a seldom there's a night too dark and too had for wickednoss to boabroad.bat it soemed as if that night was. Jiy hair was frozen stiff as' so many wires, and even under my comforter, thick as wool could be knit by my wife's neodlos, my mouth and noso were uncomfortably rigid. I thought moro than onoo that my oars woro frozen, and wished a hundred times for the honr that would send mo homo to the hot supper and snug bed that wore waiting for me: It was just twelve — for I had peeped in at the door of a portor-houoe a minute before — when there came, through all tho storm, a oryaif " Murder I" Not tho sort of cry yon hear after an Irish shindy when somebody has .been knockod down, but the awful, horozr-stricken soream that tolls yon that there really has been murder dono. It' was a woman's voice, and it repeated tho -horrible ory three times, with a Bort of gasping shriek between each utterance. tiiitie ic wikts, 1 ujuiu uut, tor u uw moments, imagine. Tne voice seemed to drop on mo through the air. I struok my olub on the pavement, audio a moment moro had company — No. 42 — who came up on the run, for bo had heard tho cry also. New York was not so laige then as It is now, and there woro pl'.uty of fine dwelling- houses where there are only stores and workshops at present. The stroet wo woro in was within sight of tho City Hall, and was narrow and crooked ; bat a good many reapootable families lived thore, and It was not at all the placo for a midnight row. . People then, unless up for a parly, or somothing of that eort, were generally abed by twolvo ; anil, as we lookou up and down tho streot, wo could not seo a light, except tho'so in tho lamps at tho corners of the streets; "Where did It come from, Wilson ?" said I. " Don't you know V" Bays ho. " I don't." But just then It came again, right over our heads. Now wo had collected our: senses ; wo know it mnBt bo from Boma garrot win dow, and lcalled, Bulb, there 1" " Ib it o policeman ?" cried tho voice: " Two of 'em," said Wilson. _ " Thank heavon for that" ories tho voice. " Como in quiok. Master's murdered !'' " Who is your master, and who aro you, andwhoro are you ?" shouts 42; not so mild in his language as I've written it down, in oase ladies should read it. " Can't you toll us, confound you ?" " Mastor's murdered I" said tho voice 'again, and I'm Mis. Briggs, his housekeeper; and it's No. 28, with four stouo steps, and a plate on tho door ; and I daren't ooma down, for fear of being killed myself. Oh, do make haste !" "No. 23 2" fays Wilson, peering through tho dark at tho houBes. " This is it, Grigg ;" and in wo wont, for the door stood ajar, and there was a bedroom candlestick, with tbe end of a tallow candlo in it, fiarlng away on the stairhead, just Where tho housekeeper bvu ui unpen it, in her fright, aa we found out afterwards. There wasn't a snul tobe found until we came to tho second floor, and there, lying on hie face, in tho front bedroom, was an old man. Tho wretches had come behind him,- it seemed likely, while he sat reading his Bible, and had shot him through the head. Perhaps he never knew anything about it until he found himsolf in the other wotld, for lib speotaoloB woro on yet, and his fingors dented Into tho Bible cover when wo picked him up. He seemed so near his end, that it was a wonder any one would have hastened it, and so foeble, that a housebreaker noodn't have been afraid of him. It seemed as cruel to murder him as it would havo beon to murdor a child in its mother's arms. When wo'd laid bim on the bod, and found ho was as dead as man could be, wo went up and brought down tho housekeeper. She was crazy with fright, and wouldn't unlock tho door for ten minutes, lest we should bo tbo murderers in search of her ; and, when &he; oamo out, nothing would mako her let go of Wilson's coat-tall nntil we got her fairly out of the house. ner Btory was this :— Sho had kept house for tho family, when there was a family, and stayed to close tho eyes of the wifo and two consumptive daugh ters, and ever slnoe had done everything for the old man. He was eighty-fonr, and had beon adootor. Even to tho last, ho practised among suoh poor as would come .to him, for the sake of doing good. Ho was immonBely woalthy, and all his property had boon willed away, yoars before, to a nephew, who was, for the matter of that, the only living leg-1 heir. There was something in tho way oi a legacy for her, the housokeeper said. She was sure of that, for the old gentleman often told her so. But as for having anything In tbo house to tempt burglars, that was ridiculous. They only kept a few rooms furnished. Had the plate looked up at tbe bank. UBed plated toaspooDS, and, says tho housekeeper, " Master never had five dollars in hb pocket, for he pays all hb bills monthly, with oheqnes." He had gone to bed at nine, or at least to his room; and the honsekeeper thonght him fast aBloep. She had been sitting np to mend for tho wash— she Ouly washed once in three weeks — and nf ter that set her doHgh to rise for biscuits, Her kitchen was snuggor than her bedroom, she laid, and she didn't like leaving it. Sbe was sure that sho had looked the hall-door at dusk, and it mast have been opened from tho inside, and who ever committed the deod, absolutely was at work while sho was mixing herbiaouita. The noise of the storm, and tho great, closely, shut doors, and tho faot of her being bard of hearing, aooountod for her knowing nothing of tbe shot that muet havo boon firsd over-' head, and only guessed anything was wrong whon sho found her master lying in a pool of blood, as Bho wont up to bod at last. This was all we oould got out of the old lady, excopt that hor master's - nephew boarded in the same house, and ought to bo called. So away went No. 42 with tho old lady, holding to him for dear lifo, and. tbey roused up the nephew, and brought him around. There were plenty of people in the house by that time, and thoy had to make their way through quitoaorowd. The nephew was a yoimg man of twenty- five, very tall; and handsomer than any young follow I ever saw. Ho looked like a ploturo, and about as usofnl. Good to Ad mire, but fit for nothing. Idle, white hands, like a girl's, he had, and a purposeless face, though It was gentle and amiable enough. Even with such a terrible pleco of nows just told him, he bbme in with a sort of listless saunter. I thought him perfeotly unmoved until he had looked a minute erio at the poor body on tho bed, but then hia faoo ohanged, and he olasped bis hands, and sxid, "Myunolo — my poor unolb ! Oh, what brutes — what merciless brnteB I He never injured living man," and turned as pale as tho corpse before him, and sat down, all in a tremblo, upon a ohait some one set for him, and buret out orying Eke a girl. Pretty eoon we bad turned the crowd out, and set matters straight, and tho next day there was an Inquest. The jury gave tho only verdiot they could give, " Wilful murder but it was against some person or persons unknown ; and who had murdered old Dr. Dsnbnry no mortal oonld guess, any more than thoy oould tho motive, for even his watoh was in his pcclcot yet, and hotbiDg had boon takon from thd room or any part of, tho honae. Another thingjwas strango : neither Wil son nor myBelf had aeon any mortal pass from that direction for two hours, and that tho murder muet havo boon committed within that timo seemed certain, for tho wound was fresh and the body scarcely stiff yet when wo found it. It was a oase for detectives, that was cer tain ; and a smart dotootivo would ho bo, too, who oould fathom tho mystery to tho bot> t om , That man was Abe Hinklo, If over there was one, although you'd hardly have thought it to look at him. I don't think Mr, Albert Danbury thought muoh of him, ovon when ho Raid thoso words to him. " Thoy toll mo yon'ro an excellent detective, Mr. Hinklo ; and if you can bring my unole's murderer to justioo, I don't oare what it may cost ms. I eh all never reBt until ho is found. It would not bo consis tent with my duty, as tbo doctor's nearest relative, even were I not his heir." Hinklo intimated that he understood what tho gentleman's feelings, as a gentleman, mnst be, and took a mighty notion of tho business, for where there was nothing but plain sailing thore was no interest to Hinklo, and thore was juat tho mystery in this oase that he likod. . You fee, ho and 1 were bosom friends, not to sty connexions. He married my pot sistor, and had been a kind of a pet brother over Biuoe, and ho told mo (knowing I could hold my tongue) what ho wouldn't havo told any other mortal under tho sun. After be had examined tho premises he told me what he had made out. It wasn't muoh ; the mark of a man's boots on the garrot stairs, and a bit of light grey oldth, Urn by a broken banister, on tho third floor. "Tho housekeeper wears black," says ho, " tho old man wore blnok, too ; nobody olso over went up stairs, and tho crowd Btopped on.tho second floor. Tho man who killod the doctor left that hobind him, or I'm a guinea niggor, Grigg. I've go, the clue /" Ho didn't say any moro to mo, and, In faot, I didn't expect it. T hat was moro than anyone else oonld have coaxed out of Hinklo. It put a notion luto my mind, and it was the same notion that was in liis. I looked at him)and be looked nt me, but ho know I was not tho kind of man to take any advantage of him ; and whon I hoard him tell Mr. Albert Danbury that ho hadn't a ghost of a. olue yet, it was only what' I ex- peoted. Tho funeral was over by this time, and tfifl heir had left hiB boarding house, and oamo ot live at his own mansion. It was being put in order, and painted and papered, and a week after Mr. Danbury married, quite privately and quietly, a girl whom he hnd beon engaged to for Bevoral years, and b.-ought hor homo. _ Thoy had beon waiting people said for the old dootor to die, Mr. Danbury was as poor as a ohuroh mouse, and sho wbb no bettor off than he, aud ho was so up to the cars in debt and difficulty, that if ho hadn't fallen into tho fortune when ho did, nothing was left for him but to leave tho olty. Ho was a thriftless, improvident fellow, as most men who havo only to wait for dead men's shoes must b '« But he Bsomed fond of tho girl bo had married, and she of him. We saw a good deal of them about that time in the way of business, and he won on me I must say that. . I havo soon Hiukls In dlsgmso before but, blsBS you, when I mot an old gentleman with a white ohoker, and very bad with thn goat, at tho door of tho house where Mr Danbury had boarded before ho was married' and he put hie ca&o; bead to his hobo, and winked at me, I was astonished. " Hinklo," saye I. " I'm Professor Hubbs for tlio present." says ho,, and I'm boarding here. I'd ;iIB to havo ycu drop in and talre a drop 0f tm! with mo to-night— in plain clothes, if „„„ plcaso." ' Then he winkod again, and tiddlod nn tho etops, as If tho gout wcro won o than over Y01!T,ay,b T I,to<-'k invitation, Md was at tho boarding house by seven. If he wasn't having weak tea "and dr„ toast in his own room I— him that could haZ knocked down an elephant, in an arm ohair atid a dressing gown. l£ And, saya'ho to the landlady who had come to ace it hia tea was to hla tiuto 11 This J my nephew. Poter-a very good young man indeed— vory fond of me. I've had a h«d turn of tho gout tiooo I saw you, my dear zoiiew, at natural «o possible but mlnuto sho was out of tha faom ho nulls off his glasses, and shakes himsolf, and" pitch.# the slop out of tho window, and uses tho hot water in tho kottle to mix two doses of brandy m tho toapot, which ho drank out of giving mo tho oup for politeness' sjiko. After a whilo ho enyo, " Grigo. ' mh„-„ room io this ? ' wk0B0 "It's Mr. Danhury's," says I. "Good !" says ho. "This ww his. Now look tho door, and cooio hero." I followed him, and ho opened aaothnn door. End there was a bath-room. "Look outof tbe window," coys ho ".n.7 tell mo what you see." a Iow:rdthantSbis."akr00fa0£hneOS a To he continued.) 