THE SONG OF SONGS. A SERMON. BY C.H. SPURGEON. "Sing, Oye heavens; for the Lord hath done it: about, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, and every tree therein: for the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified Himself in Israel."—lsaiah xliv. 23. No doubt this prophecy had a fulfilment in the restoration of the captive Jews from Babylon, in the rebuilding of the temple, and the completion of the walls of Jerusalem. This made the nation rejoice with un speakable joy, and made them cry, " Sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem; for the Lord hath comforted His people, He hath redeemed Jerusalem." This was a fulfilment, but not the fullest accomplishment of the soul-stirring prophecy before us; a larger blessing was yet to come, to make every word emphatic and to enlarge the area of the joy, till all the earth and all the spheres of heaven should take part in it I shall spend no time 'upon the minor meanings of the passage, but speak at ones of that redemption of which aU the rest are but topee, the redemption of the true Isratl of God by Christ /eras our Lord. To that redemption the words of our toxt are pre- eminently applicable. " Sing, Oye heavens; for the Lord bath done It: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, and every tree therein: for the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified Himself in Israel." In considering the text we shall first survey the sotnery of the prophecy ; secondly, we shall contemplate Aha exceedingly glorious subject for Joy. Having attended to both of these matters, we will for a little while listen to tha song; and then, In the last place, If the Spirit of God shall graciously help us, we will join in the universal chorus. L Let us survey the scene. The scene of our text is notewprthy. We saw it* earthly parallel yesterday. The heavens were overcast, the clouds were dense, the sky was black, the sun was obscured, and, albeit it is near midsummer, a chill came over us. Far over head rolled tit* loud thunder, the dread artillery of heaven pealed forth as in the day of the Lord's battle. We expected a tsTrinc tempest, and timid hearts began to quaiL Who knew wh«re the bolts of heaven might fall, and vaat misohief the flames of fire might work? The ooward's fears were groundless, the storm had gathered for other fields than ours. There fell a shower which Usased the earth. "Down, down they come, those fruitful showers t Those sarth-rejoicing drops I ▲ momentary deluge pours, Then thins, decreases, stops. , And sre the dimples on the stream .. ' ■■ Have circled out of sight, '. Lot from the sun a joyous gleam Breaks forth, of aiubtr light" Then the svar-gracious Lord hung out across the heavens his how of beauty, the covenant token, as if to assure us that He was not about to destroy the earth with a flood. Anon the swift winds blew, and doud after doud dis appeared, ■ till, as we went forth to walk beneath the gladsome trees, and amidst the laughing flowers, tho tbiok clouds had gone, and above us was the blue serene of heaven. Tempest and bolt of terror were far removed, heavsn shone on earth, and earth smiled back on heaven. On such a spiritual scene the prophet fixed his eye, and he pictured it in the verse which precedes my text A elood, even a thick cloud of sin, shut out the light of God's countenance from His people, and turned its dark side on their upward gating eyes. Sins and transgressions interposed like a curtain, nay, rather like a wall of brass, between the sinful people and their God, so that their prayers oould not pass through to Him, nor could His favor shine down on them. They cowered down in terror, as they heard the voice of God threatening judg ment, and they expected every moment that He would overthrow them in His wrath. Lo, instead thereof, the Lord hung out the covenant rainbow, gospel promises ware seen, Jesus was sat forth as the great atoning sacri fice ; and as men looked upon Him, gleams from the light of God's countenance filled them with hope. Nor dw they hope in vain, for anon the Lord fulfilled, as in a moment, the word wherein it is written, "I have blotted out as a thick doud thy transgressions, and as a aloud thy sins." So, going forth and returning to their God beneath that clear sky, from which the Sun of Righteousness shone down with beams of love, the for given people were filled with rejoicing, and by the mouth of tha prophet they cried aloud, " Sing, O heaven, clouds veil thee no longer; shout, ye lower parts of tho earth, which have been refreshed with fertilising showers; shout, O ye forest trees, whose every bough has been hong with diamond drops; for the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified Himself in Israel." Thus the scenery of the text is helpful to the full understanding of it Read the two verses together, aud their beauty Is seen. When did the joyous event take place whloh we are bidden to celebrate with song ? We may consider it as virtually accomplished in the eternal counsels of God, for our Lord is "the Lamb slain from before the foundation of tha world." Whan the covenant was made between the Father and the Son, and Jesus undertook to die as a substitute for his chosen people, then the cloud was) gone, and the Lord oould look upon His elect with complacency, as redeemed by their Surety's pledge. Viewing them as guilty, His holy eyes could not endure them, Dut looking upon them as in Christ Jesus, regarding them through the atonement, He cast their iniquities behind his back, and was well pleased with them "for His righteousness' sake." At the thought of the covenant "ordered in all things and sure" the uni verse of intelligent beings may well rejoice, for therein man's redemption and God's glory are joined together by an eternal decree. On the streDgth of that covenant multitudes entered heaven before the great Surety bad shed His blood; it was therefore a legitimate theme for holy song before tha long-appointed day had dawned. The clouds were actually removed when the atonement waa presented. In 'the fulness of time Jesas appeared, and up to the tree carried all the sins of His people. Having all His life long carried their sicknesses and sorrows, He bore the burden of sin to the place of its annihilation, and by His death He made an end of it. Apart from the atonement, the chosen of God, liko other men, lay under sin; tha black cloud was over all the race, but Jesus took the dense mass of all the trans gressions of His people, past, present, and to come, and obliterated the whole, even as a cloud is blotted out from tha face of heaven. Jesus took the whole incalcu lably pouderons load, all charged with tempest as it was, and bore it all upon those shoulders, which must have bean crushed to the earth had they not been divine: on the tree He bore that sin and the wrath which was due to it, feeling all it* crowded tempests in His own soul, until in that moment when He had borne all, aud euded all, He sent up the victorious shout of "It is finished." Than shone forth the unclouded glory of boundless love ; than was gone for ever the threatened storm ; then righteousness sprang out of the earth, and pence looked slown from heaven, and the reconciled onw might well exclaim, "Sing, O heavens ; for tho Li.rd hath dove it: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, ami every tree therein : for the Lonl hath redeemed Jacob, and glorilied lliiuaelf in Israel." Sin was put away, tranagrwwion waa cast into the depths of the ten, and loud o'er all rang out the jubilant challenge—" Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? who v he that condemueth, now that Christ Lath died*' The text also receives an actual fulfilment to each one of God's people in the moment when the eye of faith U Ant turned to the crucified Saviour. I scarcely need to sketch that experience, for, my brethren, yon know it well. Oh, tha blackness of the darkness above; oh, the horror of the tempest within, in the dreadful hour of conviction of sin, when my weary tool longed for nothingness, that it might escape from its own hell Oh, the dread of the wrath to coma. I saw all God's indig nasien lathering upto spend itself upon me, but glory be "The tempest's awful voioe waa heard; O Ohnst, it broke on thee! Thy open bosom wai my ward, It braved the storm for me. Thy form was scarr'd, thy visage marr'd, Now cloudless peace for me." Well do I remember the day in which I looked to Jesus, and waa lightened in a moment; the rain was over and gone, and all was peace and joy. Oh, that bleued day 1 I went forth with joy, and was led forth with peace ; the mountain! and the hills brake forth before me into singing, and all the trees of the field did olap their hands. Nor has the joy departed: for me the mountains still are singing, and the trees atill clap their hands ; for still my heart is glad within me at every mention of the precious name of Jesus, His blood still speaketh peace within my eonsoience, and His finished sacrifice U still my joy. This also oomes true not only at first, but frequently during the Christian life; for there are times when our unbelief makes new clouds, and threatens new rtonns. Though our sin waa all forgiven at the "very first, and when we were first washed we were olean every whit, so that we needed not ever afterwards to wash again, except to wash our feet, yet unbelief can revive the memories of sin, and defile the eonsoience with dead works, and so it can create clouds between us and God: nevertheless, when our Lord reveals Himself, He blotteth out our sins like a cloud, and like a thick cloud our transgressions, and again wo return unto Him and rejoice in Him. We need not come under these returning glooms, and we ought not to do so ; but should it happen to us that we come under a cloud, it will bo a blessed thing to look up and remember that the Lord enn clear the skies in a moment, and turn our dreariest shades into the bright ness of the morning. The toxt will obtain its best fulfilment, roethinks, at the day of the Lord's appearing—that day around which our chief hopes must ever centra The day will come when the gospel shall have been preached for the last time, when the chosen of Qod shall have beou all gathered out from among men. and the dispensation shall be fulfilled. Then shall all the saints rise to glory at the call of Qod. The elect multitude shall be all there, every one according to the purpose of the Father, every one according to the redemption of the Son, every one according to the calling of the Spirit, all there; upen their faces there shall be no spot nor wrinkle, and on their garments no stain nor defilement, for they are without fault before the throne of Qod. Then as the books are opened, and the transgressions of the ungodly are published under heaven, they shall stand without trembling, for " Jesua, thy blood and righteousness Their beauty are, their glorious dress; 'Midst flaming worlds, in these arrayed, With joy shall they lift up their head." Yes, and we shall be there who have believed in Jesus, every one of us; and with what delight, as we reflect upon our sins, shall we Bee the all-covering atonement, the cross which crucified our sins, the sepulchre which swallowed up in an eternal death all our transgrwwions, the ascension which led captivity captive, and the second coming which gave to us the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body, and perfected us so that no trace of sin's mischief can be found upon us. No damage shall be sustained by our humanity; we shall come up out of the furnace of life's trial with not the smell of fire upon us. Though the temptation and the guilt were like a seven-times-heated furnace, yet, because He, the Bon of God, came into the burning furnace with ns, we shall live and come forth unscathed, and in the last day our humanity shall have suffered no harm, but shall even b* brighter and better than If it had never fallen. Ah, what notes will be heard ; not the sound of cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of music, as in the days of Babylon's idolatries, but blessed songs of holy adoration shall be heard, to which angels' harmonies shall keep tune, and this shall be the hymn— " Sing, Oye heavens; for the Lord hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified Himself in IsraoL " 11\. We have now reached the second part of our subject, snd thorefore let us contemplate the glorious subject for joy. The great subject of joy is redemption— the redemption of God's Israel. This is a stupendous work. It was a simple matter for man to sell himself into slavery, but to redeem him was another matter. This is the work, this is the labor! To redeem man from his iniquity Is a work which all the cherubim and seraphim could not have accomplished, a work indeed which all creatureship would have failed to perform. My brethren, our slavery was terrible, and the price of deliverance was far beyond mountains of silver and gold. The redemption of the soul is preoious; "it cannot be valued with the gold of Ophir, with the preoious onyx, or the sapphire. The gold and the crystal cannot equal it; and the exchange of it shall not be for Jewels of fine gold." As there needed a price, so there was needed a power, to redeem; for with a high hand and an out stretched arm must Israel be brought out of Egypt; and where could such power be found? Neither angel nor archangel possessed it, and as for the sons of man, the insect* which dance through a summer's eve are not more feeble. Hopeless is human bondage, unless the malice and craft and power"of Batan can be matched by love and wisdom and force superior at all points. The price has been found, the power has been displayed. Sing, 0 ye heavens, for the Lord has found a ransom I We were not redeomed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, but with the precious blood of Christ, and that price has effectually set us free. Break forth into singing, ye mountains, for the Lord hath also found the power: His own right hand and His holy arm have gotten Him the victory I Of redemption, redemption by price and by power, we are bidden te sing, a redemption so pre-eminently de sirable that we cau never sufficiently value it, a redemp tion which has delivered us from sin, of all slaveries the wont. "Sin shall not have dominion over you;" Christ has effectually redeemed you from its tyrannlo sway. You enjoy also deliverance from the curse of the law, by Christ's being made a curse for ns, as it is written, " Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree." You are blest with deliverance from misery; wherever there is sin, misery is sure to follow, but Jesus has borne the penalty for your sins and turned it aside from yon. You are delivered from carkuig care, and unbelieving anxiety; the peace of God, which passeth all under standing, keeps your heart and mind by Jesus Christ And you are delivered from death and hell. Let this thought thrill you with delight; in your ear can never ring the doleful sentence, " Depart, ye cursed:" for you there is no bottomless pit, no fire which cannot be quenched, no worm which never can die. Christ has delivered you ; you are no longer slaves to sin and victims to death, for you are set free from the thraldom of Batan's power, who hath the power of death. He may tempt, but he cannot force; be may provoke, but he cannot subdue : Christ has undone the devil's work, has cast him down from his thrdne, and torn up his strong hold ; his empire over you is ended, never to be renewed. In you who have believed the Lord has sot up His throne, and there will He reign for ever. Glory be to God for this. Tho Lord's redemption is the theme of ceaseless praise, for it is a redemption which brings in Its train hope, holiness, and heaven, deliverance from sin, likeness to Christ, and eternal glory with Christ. Wing, O heavens, and be joyful, O earth I Brethren, the very centre and omphasis of the song seems to me to lie in this: " The Lord hath done it. How my heart delights in those five words, « The Lonl hath done it 1" Look at them fora minute. Whatever God does is the subject of joy to all pure beings. God in action is the delight of an intelligent universe. When God created the world, the morning stars satig together, and all the sons of Qod shouted fur joy. I can well con ceive that they kept a more than ordinarily joyous festival on that Seventh Day, when the Lord " rested and was refreshed." Wondrous expression 1 If we were perfect, everything that God did would cause us to sing, aud as He is always acting we should be always dinging. Ay, if He smote ns, it would make u» bless Him, if we were dean divorced from sin. f f salvation were the work of man, our scantiest notes might snttice, fur what is, man but a worm, n creature Umt is ortuhtal Iwfore tho moth ? Wherein i* uu to b«' .uconriUil of? lint wh<m we ring of mleniptton, if. U the lord's redemption, lie planned it. from the beginninc:, He carried it ont in the j>cr«oi> of His Son, He applio* it by Hi* Holy Spirit. Salvation is of the Lord. "The Lonl hath done it" You who choose may invent a saltation that is partly by man and partly by God, and yon may cry this up as much as you please; as for me, I have uo desire fur any salvation but that which is all of God, neither in there any other. This one note shall occupy my entire being - " The I/jrd hath done it;" " The Ixmi hath done it." Kvery new convert wlio has newly found peace knowa that the Lord hrw done it; every man who has been for yean a believer, and has learned his own weakness, will say dearly, "The Lord hath done it," ay, and the aged Christian just about to depart is the man to say, " The Lord h;rth (lone it" Grace reigns without a rival, the Lord alone i« exalted. Sing, O heavens, and be jovial, O earth, for redemption to Jehovah's work.| It ia sweet to reflect that redemption U an accomplished fact It U not " The Lord will do it," but " The Lord hath done it" If I were sent thU morning as a prophet to toll you that the Lord would beootne incarnate, and bleed and die on Golgotha, I hope that some would beliere it; but it'may be you would find it difficult to realise it, as Abraham did to see Christ's day, nnd be glad ; for it is a parrel not to be believed at all except upon divine testimony that God Himaelf should make atonement for injury dono to llis owu moral govern ment Out I have to-day to speak of a matter of history— " The Lord hath dona it;" rid who was the offended one has provided a propitiation; His own deed of transceudant grace has scattered the thiok clouds of sin, and poured eternal day upon the darkened earth. Jeans lias bled and died, and vanquished tin thereby. Our glorious Samson lay asleep in the Gaza of the tomb, and his foes thought they had Him fast for erer; but Ho awoke before the morning light, and He pulled up the gates of death and hell, post and bar and ail, and carried them away, leading captivity captive. Ho hath done it, our divine Deliverer has spoiled death and the grave for us. " Sing, O ye heavens: shout, ye lower parts of the earth." The Breaker is gone up b»for» us, and our King at the head of us ; He hath broken np and cleared a pathway straight from the tomb to the throve of God. Glory bo to His name, He has dono it We may lay peculiar force upon the words, "The Lord hath done it," for He has finished the work. In the matter of the redemption of His people nothing remains to be done. There la no mortgage on the church of God to be ultimately discharged ; tho Lord has made us His unencumbered freehold, and we are His own portion for ever. There is not a llttfle left of human merit for the sinner to work ont for himself, or some little point in which the work of salvation is incomplete; but " The Lord hath done it." No, brethren, even the fringe of the robe of righteousness ia all there; you have not a thread to add to it, it in without seam, and woven from the top throughout, all of ono piece. Consummation tit. "It 1b finished," every type fulfilled, every commandment kept, every sin abolished, the wrath of God and every thing that hindered pat away. " The Lord hath done it" The heavens sang when Jesus came to do the deed, they woke the silence of the sheepfolds when the heavenly babe was bora ; how must thoy sing now that He has finished the work which was committed to him, and perfected for ever all those who were set apart 1 I cannot speak on such a theme; languago is too poor a medium for the expression of my grateful joy. 1 wish that we could pause and sing the text—" The Lord hath done it: He hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified Himself in Israel." A very important part of the song, however, lies in the fact that what God has done glorifies Himself. Infinite mercy ond condescending love reflect glory upon God. What a subject for a Dr. Owen to write upon—the attri butes of God as displayed and glorified in redemption. He would need a score of volumes, all crowded with such condensed thought as lie was wont to give forth. What a chapter could be written on the wisdom of redemption 1 What auother chapter upon the justice of it I How the LQ,rd would not pardon sin without a sacrifice, because be was just, and could not tolerate iniquity. What another chapter, nay, what tomes upon tomes, might be composed upon the love of redemption ! The fear would be that our finite minds, in beholding the brightness of one divine attribute, would be so dazzled as to forget the rest. Who can tell ns, concerning the atonement, which of lte letters best is writ, the wisdom, the justice, or the grace? In redemption you see all the attributes of God, Blended in harmony, abiniug with benignant radiance, not with the flash and flame of Blnai, but with the soft beams of peace and love from Calvary. God is never so gloriously seen as at the cross; no, not even amidst the flaming seraphim do the saints above enjoy such a view of God as when they see Him in the wounds of Jerus, and pottiug their finger into the print of the nails, exclaim with transport, " My Lord and my God." Why, my brethren, the Lord has not only illustrated every one of His attributes in the great plan of redemp tion, but He has been pleased to show how the goodness of His nature triumphs over all the power of evR Satan seemed to have gaiued a great advantage over God when He poisoned our raoe with His venom ; the advantage was but temporary, and it ended in Hi* greater defeat. Little did he know that by his craft and malice ho was preparing a black background for divine love to lay it* lovely tints upon, that they might be the more con spicuous. How art thou baffled in thy dark designs, O Lucifer! How art thou vanquished, O thou enemy! How art thou spoiled, O thou spoiler! How art thon led captive, O captivity I Thou thoughtoat that roan would, be thy weak and willing instrument with which to show thy riptte against the Most High, but 10, man, whom thou didst disgrace and dishonor, triumphs over thee on God's behalf. The seed of the woman whom thou didst beguile has beeu wiser than thou ; his bruised heel has been the breaking of thy head ; while ho hath all things under his feet, all sheep and oxen, yea, and the fowl of the air, and the fish of the fsea, and whatsoever paeseth through the paths of the sea. The man Christ Jesus is Lord of ell, and at His namo all creatures l»w the knee. Even the devils are subject unto Him, ami evil is overrule*! for good. Bee how the Lord " frustrateth the token of the liars, and maketh diviners mad." Let the Lord be praised for ever and ever. . The Lord has also glorified Himself by raising up a race of creatures such as oould not have boon created by mere power, at least, so fur as we can judge. God has a company of angels to worship Him, but they never knew evil, and consequently their choice of good is not so marvellous. They are also of an ethereal nature, and are not cumbered with material bodies of flosh ahd blood. The Lord might have created myriads more of pure spirits like the angels, but He desired to be served and loved by beings who should be in part material, und yet should be akin to Himself ; beings who should possess freedom of will, and should know both good and evil, and yet should for ever choose good alone. Behold how such creature* have been produced I Not so much by creation as by redemption. The glorified once plunged deep into sin, bat they were, without a violation of their free agency, recovered to their allegiance by the love of Jesus, and then lifted up into such a position that in Christ Jesus they are akin to God Himself, so that no order of beings intervenes between them and God ; and yet they never will nor can presume, nor take ambitious advantage of their elevated position. If God wore to create free agents, knowing both good and evil, and put them where men will bo in heaven, without their undergoing any preparatory process, it would bo a dangerous experiment; Dut for Him to let them know evil to the full, and yet be for ever bound to perfect holiness, because infinite love sways them with omnipotent obligations of gratitude,— this is to make creatures which bring exceeding glory to their author. These are not merely fasuioued on His wheel, but dipped into the blood of His own suffering self, and indwelt by His own mighty power, and well may they be precious in His sight. " Glory, glory, how the angels slug;" but far louder are the noted of the redeemed. " Glory, glory," thrice and sevenfold told is that which comes from those lond harps of ransomed once, wiio have washed their robes and made them white in tho blood of tho Lamb. Tho Lord bath glorified Himself in Israel. 1 cunnut linger hore, though the subject fiwuinatos me, for I have to say somewhat upon the third point, which is, 111\. Let us listen to the song. The angels sing, for they have deep sympathy with tho redemption of man, the redeemed in glory slug, for they liave been the recipient* of this mighty mercy, the material heavens themselves also ring with the sweet music, and every star takes up the refrain, and with sun and moon prais* the Most High. Descending from heaven, the song charms the lower earth, and the prophet calls upon materialism to share In the joy; mountains and valleys, forests and trees, are charged to join the song. Why should they not? This round earth of out* has been o'ershadowed by the curae through xiv ; she han yet to be unnwathed of all the mi*t« which iniquity has cast npon her, for the creatnre was niailrt subject t» vimity, not willingly, but by reanon of Him that, miljjtvt^l thu suinu in hope, heuauao tlio erwiturrt it.Kelf also -<liall lie <lolivf>rv<l from tho boudage of corruption into the glorious lil«rty of the children of U<j<!. Therefore let creation mng What mountain ia there that ha* not Iwen itafiled with idolatry ? Lo, tlie altar* of Cheuiosh and Mid high yUuxu of Baal! Boi sing, ye mountains, for the God of the hills is revealed, and ha« purged you, by the blood of Calvary. What valley is then) which man haa not polluted with tin? In the plain*, which should have been sacred to peaceful harvests, men have shed the blood ef their fellbWi in fierce battle, and cities have been bnilded which have become the strongholds of iniquity. But »in«r, ye valleys and ye fruitful plains, for the Lord shall walk through you, and make you as the valley of Barachah, where the men of Jndah sang, " Praise the Lord, for His merry endureth for evor:" therefore the name »f the plar* was called the valley of Blessing unto thin day. Ye forest*, where wild beasts have been invaded by still wilder men, break forth into sinking, for no more shall the destroying band of the Lord be upon all the otdan of Lebanon,, that are high and lifted up, and upon all tbo oolu of Bashau t Ye groves, wklch have witnessed tit* oruei ritos of bloody worship, sing; for adown your aisles shall: u.nv be heard the holy hymn which chants redeeming: love. O ye green trees under which men have polluts* themaelvos, beneath your shade shall saintly spirits tin* retreats prepared for prayer and praise. Break forth into singing, ye mountains ! Sing, O Horiah, on whoso summit the patriarch drew hts knife to slay his son, for the true Isaac has been offered up, God has provided for Himsolf a lamb I Sing, O Sinai, for the law proclaimed from thy awful summit has now been magnified and rendered honorable I Sing, 0 Piagah, for now that Christ has died, from thy peak may be seen a promised land into which the servants of the Lord shall not be denied an entranoel Sing, O Carmel, for the controversy between God and Baal has been decided once for all I Sing, O Hermon, for now the gentle dews of brotherly lore shall fall upon mankind ; aud keep not silent, 6 Gilboa, once accursed, for the Son of David gives then back thy dew I Sing, O Tabor, for Messiah transfigured has become the image of the future race I Sing, O Olivet, for where Jeaus groaned and blod, He cornea to plant Hi» foot to establish for evor bliss and holiness t The text exhorts the lower parts of the earth to shout, and well they may, for in the hands of the redeeming Lord are the deep placet of the earth. Let the valleys respond to> the song of the hills. Shout, 0 valley of Shaveb, thou that are called the king's vale, for now the gnats Melohizedek hath brought forth the true bread and wine> for the seed of Abraham I Shout, O Eschol, for tay richest dusters are outdone by the true vine, which the Lord bath planted I O valley of the Jordan, shout, for in thy river the Redeemer was baptised I 0 valley of Baca, rejoioe, for the Lord Jesus has filled thy pools I O vale of Aohor, shout, for thou art now a door of hope! O ye wildernesses and solitary plaoes, be glad, for redemption shall make you blossom as the rose I Let every tree in the forest bless the Lord, let each one yield boughs with which to strew the way before the lowly prince. Fruitful trees and nil cedars, praise ye the Lord ! Adown the fir trees' pillared shade let the soft murmur of praise be heard ; and boneath our island's giant oak* let the glorious gospel be proclaimed. Praise ye the Lord, yo elms, as peace sports adown your ancient avonues; praise Him, ye far-spreading beeches, as beneath your umbrageous boughs the flocks feed in plenty; and you, ye pines, for ever clad in verdure, join ye tho song. Let not a single herb be silent, nor evon the hyssop upon the wall be dumb. I cannot reach " the height of this great argument," nor can any man beside, I ween, unless he were a Hilton, and had a soul inspired at once with loftiest poetry and grace divine. The meaning of the whole seems to be this, that wherever Mints are they ought to praise God for redeeming love, whether they climb the Alps or draoond into the plains: whether they dwell in the cities or walk i:i the quietude of the woods. In whatever state of mind they feel themselves, they still should praiao redeeming grace and dying love ; whether on the mountain top ot communion, or in the valley of humiliation; whether lifted up by prosperity or oast down by adversity. They should leave a shining trail of praise behind them in their dally course, even as does the vessel wbeu it ploughs the sea. The text calls upon all classes and conditions of men to praise God for redemption. Ye that aro lifted up liko mountains, —magistrates, princes, kings, and emperors.; and ye who lie beneath like plains, ye who sat bread in tbe sweat of your faces, ye children of poverty and tail, rejoice in redeeming love. Te who dwell in the midst of sin as in a tangled forest, ye who have transgressed against God and plunged into the deep plaoes of vice, be glad, for ye may be restored. All ye of woman bora, together praise tbe Redeemer of Israel, for He has accomplished the salvation of His people 1 IV. Let us join in this song. Mr. Sankey is now behind me, but he cannot sing sweetly enough to set forth to the full the majesty of this song, nor oould the choicest ohotr of singing men and singing women; nay, this task exceeds the reach of the seraphim themselves. Praise is silenced, 0 Lord, by the glory of Thy love. Yet, brethren, let us give forth such musio as we have. Let us consider how we sing this song. We sing it when, by faith, we see the grand truth that Jesus Christ took ilia people's sin upon Him, and so redeemed thorn. Understanding this fact, which if the heart of the gospel, we begin to sing for Joy. Get a grip of that, my brethren, and hold it fast: your hearts will then sing; you cannot help it. Not all the harps of heaven can M more melo dious than your song will bo when your heart fully understands this fact—that Jesus Christ did actually stand in His people's stead, and finished transgression, and brought in everlasting righteousness fur them. You will sing it better still if the Holy Spirit has appliod it to your own soul, so tLat yon can say. " My sins are blotted out like a cloud, and like' a thick cloud my trans gressions." "Through Jesus' Mood I am olean, I an) accepted in the Beloved, I am dear to tito heart of God, on me there remainetb now no sjxrt nor wrinkle, for I am oleansed through Jesus Christ." Nothing else can bring; forth such charming musio from any man's mind as at sense of redeeming graco and dying love. You will be still betttr able to wing thin if you every day realise the blossings of redemption and pardon, by drawing near to God, using the privilege of prayer, trusting the Lord for ovorything, oiijoying sonship, and com muning with your heavenly Father. If you seek to bear the image of the heavenly as truly as you have borne the image of the earthly, if you are fuiiy consecrated to the. Lord's service, and are borne along by the irresistible currant of divine love : oh, if it be so with you, beloved, you will be for ever crying, "Sing, O heavens, for the Lord hath done it" I think I hear from different parts of the building the. lament, " Alas, we cannot sing, for we have not believed in Jesus, and Christ has not put away our sin." Listen a minute, and I have done. Sinnor, though you have' not this redemption, yet I would have you sing about it, for it is precisely what you want. You are slaves to fin, and ought you not to bless God that there can bo such a thing as redemption f If I had been a slavo in the old slave days, even though I had small chance of beißf. redoeiued, yet the word redemption would have been a sweet morsel to me, and if I heard of others being re- - deemed, if I sang at all, I should choose for my theme redemption. So may you, poor soul. Many are redeemed, and are rejoicing in it; why should it not come to you ? At nnyrate, bogiu to hope. Rejoice, because salvation is a work done for you by another hand. "The Lord hath done it." A redemption in which you had to find a part of the price would-net make you sing, for you are too poor to contribute a farthing ; but the Lord has found the whole cost to the utmost penny. If evor you are saved, it must be by power beyond your own, for you are weak as water; be glad, then, that the Lord has done it If you can ever get that thought into your mind (and I pray tho Holy Ghost to put it there), that your salvation was completed on the tree by the Lord Jesus, why, methlnks, you will with Joy shout forth the Redeemer's praise. Think again " the Lord hath dove it," ovun He whom you have offended. The God whom you have grieved has condescended to work out yonr redemption. Onght not this to make your soul say, "Would God it werr for me ?" And then begin so sing even at the boru puusibLlity of such a thing. Then, sinnur, listen. Your sin can bo blotted out. You have tried to remove the stain, but all in vain ; that scarlet stain abides, and though you were to wash your hand in the Atlantic till you reddoned every wave, that blot would nuvor disappear: no finite power can ever remove the accursed spot. But it can be got out, for the text says He has blotted Lt out In the case of others. Why not, then, for you? This disease is not absolutely unto death: it may be cured. O roan, thone fetters ate not, after all, eternal, they may be snapped ; the bars in yonder window may be torn out, so that you can escape into liberty. Begin to sing, then 1 Alas, I know you will not because I bid you, nor at any man's bidding, till gni.-e m»t» you free. The only thing to make yon wing is for yon to realise salvation, and oh may y<»i do w. at tuts Diuiiiriit l>y believing in .lesiix Have dnrw with every thing »>ut Clirmf., ami dr<>|> iut<> Hi* anas I Rest iv Him, tnutt Him, depend ujmn Mini, and all is well, and theu will you cry aloud, "Siug, O ye heavem, for the Lord hath done it" "Come every soul by sin oppressed, There's toercy with the Lord ; And He will merely give you net. By trusting in His word. Ouly trust Him t Only trust Him I Only trust Him newt He will save yo l He will save yoa. n.: will save you now." At the Sydney Central Police Court, on Octo ber 18, a woman name<l K.'te Smith, charged with drunkenness, confessed that she had mar dered her child eighteen yean ago in Melbourne. 