CLERICAL DISSENSIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I do not feel at liberty, professing i I do to have perfect faith in Christian pm ciples, to preclude my remarks as Mr do man has done in his letter which appeared in your Monday's issue I am, without vis) ing to be egotistical, exceedingly "ambition of getting into a discussion on any subject which affects the SUCCesS and universal a ceptance of what we consider to be the greatest boon ever bestowed on marches vanity ' But Mr Gosman, of whom I speak with respect, does not appear to boys actuated He is by no means ambitious c getting into a discussion on a subject of this kind, Lunging as it does on his own sect. No he appears as the spokesman of the lowest order , full of the ministerial esprit de corps having a thorough dislike, not because their is no need of discussion to discuss the subjects which disclose the inconsistencies and false position of the sacred order It appears never to have struck Mr Gosman Mia clerical discussions invariably ans through the unscriptural and thorough! false position which ordained ministers have assumed, in other bodies, if not in his, au constitute the greatest drawback to the pre gress of Christianity. Therefore, Sir, you endeavours to encourage discussion on this as well as other topics by throwing open your columns to the public is far more com- mendable than that want of ambition n those who in the present instance feel that the discussion is calculated to give rise to an ambitious results respecting the special body Truth has nothing to fear, error has from discussion It is almost impossible to believe that Mr Gosman is as obtuse as his remarks indicate Did anyone ever wish Mr G "tobeliovi that you found fault with him or his brethren for such open discussions a inevitably arise where association is voluntary and discussion free ? You and over; one else who takes a reasonable view of the little eruption did not condemn Mr G am his party in any of ay You condemned the desire and attempt to restrain " open discussion ' which gave rise to the discussion of that occasion The very very existence of such a desire, based as it was on erroneous principles in one of the chief representatives of Victorian Congregationalism and the head of its college, indicated is that its clergy were capable of The plausible sophistry which Mr. G employs throughout his whole letter is little calculated to inspire confidence in those who did give him credit for his noble stand in the case referred to For instance, Mr G says Mr Henderson a ' presence was not necessary to our unity This is not correct, for if the Victorian Independent represents Congregationalism, as Mr G. infers it does thou Mr Henderson s separation OF anackuowledgodCongrefcationalist, must of necessity break that unity for it no longer exists in that corporate capacity Of course as a part] it no doubt is more successful in its operation But it cannot be said that that party represents the Congregational clergy as a whole And as to Mr. Gosman expressions as to the hypocrisy, tyranny, Ac., of concealing and suppressing his opinion-they were por. fectly irrelevant, as no one over referred to such mode operandi But Mr 6 in order to do a plausible appearance to his arguments, endeavours to blind the public as to the exact nature of your criticisms on the clergy. In fact, to any disinterested observer, this is apparent that Mr Gosman either misunder- stands the nature of the criticism or intentionally misinterprets your actions to catch the aura Popular With reference to what Mr Gosman boa Bald in endeavouring to reply to me, it will appear to you as artificial as it possibly can be, and prove that I took no extraordinary view of his letter, for he again confirms my very position Mr. G osman says that he cannot see that anyone could seriously send forth such a production and call himself an Independent, and gives forth as his belief that you would see in his (Mr Gosman s) letter a further proof of that spirit of domination and clerical despotism It did not require an Independent only to see this. I refer Mr. Gosman to a paragraph written in the most Christian spirit, which appeared in Saturday 8 -4w.irafa.ia«, February 27, by which he may see upon what false and ridiculous grounds he was flattering himself with the thought that his "opiate was overflowing with the milk of human kindness " But I will not dwell upon those weaknesses and that vanity which is so strikingly characteristic of the clergy, and in a smaller degree all the human family, Mr G says that I speak " of the Congregational ministry as being equally guilty with the Papists and the Wesleyans in grasping at increased authority and influence, in the second paragraph of my letter Now, Sir, were I as eager to chastise Mr G as he has been to do so to me, I certainly have more reason font Tor here again, a wilful misrepresentation (I say it advisedly, as the error is so flagrant) is made use of in order to sub- vert my remarks, and make manifest an up. parent ignorance of those principles of which speak The design is so Jesuitical in its attack, that Sir, you will do Congregationalism a wrong if you take it as indicating something more than clericalism as existing among its ministers You will bear me out that I never made any degrees of comparison, as Mr G has SO subtly insinuated. The charity of insinuating what a person may mean is more tolerable than the uncharity of misrepresenting him. As to my knowledge, I am not prepared to display it by doubting the want of it in Mr Gosman, as he has done to me But this I do say, that my position has not yet been destroyed, and that I challenge Mr 6 to mention one authority of any note that I am not acquainted with And if it is true that Mr. Gosman does not know even the ghost of a reason for the assertion that our ministers are grasping at power and domination " then I say that he is ignorant of what is going on in his own denomination both at home and here As to " the wisdom of allowing anyone who cannot work with us to retire I was never called upon nor have I yet expressed myself one way or the other Mr Gosman wished to prove that Congrofcatioiinhsm Had been unjustly charged with cloncaldospotisni, and to show that there could be no domination he said that dissentions had only to retire, and that, however little power the ministers have, yet his 'system enabled them without noise or difficulty to shunt any unruly or disorderly person who showed a disposition to interrupt the working of his [ particular line of things " All that I maintain is that those remarks do not substantiate Mr Gosman's position but they show how absurd Mr Goaman'a defence show he is wrapped up in his own false position. Mr Gosman " cannot imagine what else a ' dissentient ' can do, consistent with honour and manly feeling." but retire Can Mr. G imagine what he should do consistently with the spirit of Christianity t As to the figure of speech " shunt," used in the manner in which Mr Gosman has done, its moaning and common sense as soon annihilated under the wonderful exegetical power of a clergyman But I confess that my common sense never thought of an un-. Avorkoblo truck, which is dependent on others for repairs, to , being likened to an independent believer, who is by no means dependent on the clergyman for his restore. tion. But time, with other false views of their duties and position, appears to be the falling of Mr. Gosman And finally, Sir, having taken up too much of your valuable space already, allow me briefly in conclusion to reply to the statements I have heard freely expressed by Con gregationalists condemnatory of my conduct in supporting the secular press on this subject Whilst fully alive to my responsibility before God for the truth or untruth of my convictions, and whilst deeply sensible of the weight of the charge laid upon me to cultivate with care my spiritual sympathies, because in their healthy action we possess the best safeguard against delusion, sophistry, and false exegetical exhibitions, I contend that when error is believed to hold been discovered, there remains no interval wUh a which fear of results can forbid us giving free. utterance to the £Tf0.?ax£ota SS the late show Bio«»»?,£"*.5ïii also pow and more dtepaMlonntoff?!0"^8«.. pulpit and to,. B0oulor~pr«w ,ÍLf£0¿nfo_S/ maintain SAFA in my conduct in am> PII Smy say that I have not yet attempted to prove in what way the Congregational ministry is open to the charge of concern., but t have endeavoured to show that Mr. Gorman's letter is not what he " "attach himself," viz, an exhibition of non exercise. If Mr. Gosman wishes, a small no SO at CONGREGATIONAL LAYMAN. another times are, KC. 