POETRY. A VISION OP SPEING IN WINTER. By Algernon Charles Swinburne. u tender tame that lore thinks long to see, Sweet foot of Spring that with her footfall sows Late snowlike flowery leavings of the snows, Be not too long irreeolote to be; 0 mother-month, wlfere have they hidden theel Out of the pale time of the floweriess rose 1 reach my heart out toward the Springtime lands, I stretch my spirit forth to the fair hours, The purplest of the prime; I lean my Soul down over them, with hands Made wide to take the ghostly growths of flowers-; I send my love back to the lovely time. IL Where has the greenwood hid thy gracious head 1 Veiled with what visions while the grey world grieves, Or muffled "with what shadows of green leaves, What warm intangible green shadows spread To sweeten the sweet twilight for thy bed? What sleep enchants thee? what delight deceives? Where the deep dreamlike dew before the dawn Feds not the fingers of the sunlight yet Bis silver web unweave. Thy footless ghost on some unfooted lawn Whose air the unrisen sunbeams feat to fret Lives a ghost's life of davlomr dawn and eve. IIL Sunrise it sees not, neither net of star, Luge nightfall, nor imperial ptenilune. Nor strong sweet shape of the full-breasted noon ; But where the silver- sandaled shadows are, Too soft for arrows c( the sun to mar, Moves with the mild gait of an ungrown moon; Hard overhead the half-lit crescent swims, The tender-coloured night draws hardly breath, The light is listening; They watch the dawn of elender-shapen limbs. Virginal, born again of doubtful death, Chill foster father of the weaning Spring. IV. As sweet desire of day before the day, As dreams of love before the true love horn, From the outer edge of Winter overworn The ghost arisen of May before the May Takes through dim air her una wakened way, The gracious ghost of morning risen ere morn. With Uttle unblown breasts and child-eyed looks Following the very maid, the girl-child Spring, Lifts windward her bright brows, Dips her light feet in warm and moving brooks, And kindles with her own mouth's oolouring The fearful firstlings of the plumeleee boughs. V. I jeek thee sleeping, and awhile I see, Fair face that art not, how thy maiden breath Shall put at last the deadly days to death flit the fields and Are the woods with thee, And seaward hollows where my feet would be What heaven shall beer the word that April saith To change the cold heart of the weary time, To gtir and soften all the time to tears. Tears joyfuller than mirth; As even to May's clear height the young days climb With feet not swifter turn those fair first years Whose flowers revive not with thy flowers on earth. - VL I would not bid thee, though I might give ba Jc One good thing youth has given ana borne away; ' I crave not any oomfort of the day That is not, nor on titneh retrodden track Would turn to meet this White-robed hours or Mack That long dnoelcft me on their mortal way; Nor light nor love that has been, nor the breath Thateomss with motning from the sun to be And sate Ught bopeen firs j Nor fruit, nor flowertbought onoe too fair for death, . No flower nor hour onoe fallen from Ufe'agroen trees No led ohoe plucked or pnoe-fijlfilled desire. ! ■ TO. ' ■ ■ i The moroingflODg beneath the Stan that fl»S . ^thjtwflwit through the mponly^mountato air, ,, Sang towudthe hen that was to mm his head, Bisutf! the horns that bdumrihad<and tell dead. ■ The sweet mmSTeyes snd songs of hours that were These matfht tytm wet give has*floevsr} wm ,1 As atg«jsgjggjuh«r wrectoiawmwi' But floweffiSwSl Give t»ci, and half my ApU tack to tnfe 