'-HOW EARLY CAN A. CHILD! LOVE 'GOD.' '? How. early can a child love God, yearn towards God, hope in God; trust in God? I cannot say. Probably much chrller than.wc suppose. -Do not tho youngest In fanta stretch, their tiny arms/and o'lriilfr/jttraciously when their mothe^.comes Intq tlie^ room ? ? Tflieyi are not to« young toihowLtbatithey love'iiid trts'ttllelii parents. 1 do not know why It should be impossible for them to love and trust their .Heavenly Father,' especially if, He sbpuld give His' grace to.thim 'without measure,' as was the case with our Lord. . Perhaps you say, 'f;It , is impos sible for a oliild ih arms to understand or know anything about God.', ; now can any one to sure of that? Peo ple who cannot read and write, when their hearts are touched with tho love of Christ, learn all about rellgloiv wonderfully fast. 'Might It not ' bo so with children 1 If their hearts can love an object, why should not their minds know something about it ; But I go to the Bible in preference' to reasoning. It was foretold of John the Baptist, that he should be filled with tho /Holy Ghost, even from his mother's -nomh ; i and if this was the case with him, how much more must it have been the case with tho Lord Jesus 1 And accordingly you read in the Psalms, surprising as it may sera, that Christ hoped and trusted in God from the very first dawn of life. For the twenty-second Psalm is spoken in the person of llie Lord— it applies to biin in every part; and there the Psalmist 6ays — ' Thou art he that took me out of my mother's womb ; Thou wast my hope, when I hanged vet. upon my mother's bre/i-ts. I have been left unto' Thee ever since I was born;, Thou art my -God, even from my mother's womb.' What a lovely picture is this of a very young child yearning towards God, feeling perfectly happy nnd secure in the thought that God sup ports St,' looks with favor upon l,t— a plctiwe which was seen in the early childhood of Jesus, and by the side of which it seems profane fa plape a foolish tale, the in vention of man's fhncy I My child, have you one- single feeling of aftectloii and; trust towards your . Htaveulv Father, as He had? Do you wish, to have 'sowe sucb, feeling? The wish is something, nay, it is m'uch; let it lead you to pray for tlije feeling, aud in. due time the feeling will come. If your earthly parents will deny you nothing tba,t is good fbr youj -which they had : In their power to give, ?' how n&uch; more shall your Hea-. venly Fathergive the Holy Spirit' to them that ask him?' — The Dean of Norwich. . ? 'Is that animal; better that hath two vt three moun-. tains to graze on than a little bee- that feeds upon what falls every .morning from the storehouses^ of' heaven, clouds, and Providence? Can a man quench his thlrat better ont °f a riVer : than a full urn, or drink better from the fountain, which Is finely paved with marb'.e than when it wells avsr the g'reeijS turf.— Jcr,emy Tdy-. lor. , Eternity is a soliSmn' world arid a, solemn world. The soul of man shcinks back with dismay and dreads, from entering that mysterious abode of spirits. And yet all arc on their way to eternity, and must soon ienter it, and enter it alone. But how little think the gay and pleasure loving, who tread so near its dark shores, how soon they must, livunch away'on Hint untried slmre. 