THE MUSIC OF THE FUTURE. THE musical arena lias, for some time, been, engaged with, a fierce contest between the " Conservatives " and the " Liberals." What ! has the party division taken place also in the fair realm of St.' Cecilia, and are her sweet strains assailed by discords ? Humanity is never at rest. Whether it stir the stubborn clod to receive the seed for the next harvest-or test the compounds of the crucible, to add new discoveries to science-or dive into the rich mine of har- monies, to disclose new forms of art-its motto is, " Onward ! Onward !" The majority of musicians would now rest, and be satisfied with what has been accomplished ; they constitute the conservative party ; the liberals seek pro- gress. This progress regards the highest development of music in connexion with its sister arts,-poetry and painting -namely, the Opera. The "Music of tlie Future" aims at the reform of the Opera, and demands for the one in view a close connection with the nobler existence of the people. It banishes frivolity and shallowness from the stage, and exacta from the national institution-the opera-to be "i1 only the beautiful, irresistible expression of a lofty passion, .'for a right cause. In order to render the controversy some- what intelligible, I think it opportune to give a short sketch of the history of the opera. Its birth-place is Italy, where it grew out of the " Mys \- tories," or religious plays. They still exist in some parts . of Europe : the Passion Play, in the south of Germany, \- attracts visitors from distant parts. Peasants, under the ; guidance of their priests, uphold the irreverent custom. They are obliged to pay the man who acts the part of Christ, as he often suffers a brutal treatment from the rustic actors. Among the Pagans histrionic entertainments were not unusual, and consisted in dancing, singing, and masque- rading. It is generally acknowledged, that the Crusaders \- brought them to Europe, and introduced them in the form of " Mysteries." The clergy made use of them for impress- ing their Hocks most forcibly with Biblical facts ; but they allowed buffoonery and obscenity to creep into the well intended institution. The holy Phillip of Neri was the first who, in 1560, held prayer-meetings, at which he con ^ signed the parts of persons figuring in the lesson tr> different / singers. The oratorio has thus received its origin from \the improvement upon the "Mysteries." On the other hand, an attempt was made to introduce secular subjects \- for a performance, with the addition of the Greek chorus. Count Bardi di Vernio, of Florence, was, at the end of the ' 16th century, the most prominent 'among the advocates of the revival of the Greek drama. Hitherto, all singing had \- been written in parts. The father of the famous Galileo con posed the first music for a single voice., with an instrumental . accompaniment. Pastoral dramas-"Il Sátiro," "LaDis perazione di Sileno," and " Il Giuco," became the most ? favourite operatic plays. In the beginning the performances took place only in the palaces of princes and mansions of . noble families. By-and-by they appeared, also, at fairs, where the opera house consisted of the platform pf a cart, or a booth of boards or canvas. Venice took the lead in . building theatres for the opera. As early as 1637, it enjoyed the advantages of a permanent one, and, in 1700, it pos- sessed seven theatres, with forty composers. Its repertoire numbered, already, 357 operas. Females were prohibited, by the Church, from entering the Btage, but their places were filled by male sopranos. The first of them appeared, " Ad honorem Dei," thus reads the clause oi : Pope Clemens VIII., in 1625, at the Pontifical chapel in \- Rome. Even during the last century, more than 40C boys, every year, were trained to become sopranos, Rossini ascribes the decadence of vocal art, in Italy, to the sup- pression of the male sopranos and altos. France did not long remain behind the Italians. Per- ceiving the importance of the opera, it strove to build up s system of the noblest style. Glück, Jouy, Spontini, Rossini, Meyerbeer, Fromenthal, Halevy, and Auber, saw their pro . ductions performed on the stage of Paris with the greatesl splendour and costliness. The opera was liberally sup ; ported by the State. When it started into existence, thc .. staff contained not more than sixty persons ; under Louis XIV. the number increased to 160, and at this moment ii represents the figure of 720 ! . , The texts of the operas were, with few exceptions, writ . ten in the Italian language. As Latin had ceased, 120( . years ago, to be spoken at Rome, the softer accents o: Italian were preferred by the singers, and most of the Ger . man and French composers wrote in it as in the universa! . language for music. The Italians, although until the middle of the sixteentl , j century they were looked upon as the most unmusical peoph ? of Europe, appropriated the chief roles in the operas oí every country, as their monopoly : German, French, anc especially English artists, Italianised their names, to par take of the prestige, which was once well deserved, bul has now become a pitiable farce. At present, the six prin cipal singers of the Royal Opera, in Italy, are foreigners. who draw two- thirds of the whole sum expended in salaries the inferior roles are entrusted chiefly to Italians. We can not. ignore such an open confession, nor help to treat Englisl artists with more justice and respect than they have received hitherto. Miss Pyne and Mr. Santley did not condescenc to the ignoble trick of " Smitherini," and every impartía musician ranks them by the side, if not above, the mosl . noted Italian singers. Since the interesting meetings at Count Bardi's mansion thousands of operas have been composed : only a very sinai number escaped rejection and oblivion. What musician, with any enthusiasm and zeal, has not tried his hand at i musical drama, to remain, perhaps, only on the shelf at th< mercy of dust and, moths ? A German gentleman, namec Klein, has had the patience to reckon up what he considers to be the entire number of operatic scores inexistence, anc he declares that no less than "6000" have inundated th( musical world during the last century and a half. Calcu . la'ting that each opera, or operetta, contains twenty melo- dies-certainly a most liberal supposition -he concludes that, since the year 1720, no less than 120,000 operatic melodie! have been composed. If excellence depended upon melodie! alone, there Would be no reason for dissatisfaction; how ever, the opera is to be inteuded for a drama, with effect! heightened by every possible but legitimate aid of the othei arts combined. . The plots and texts of almost all operas are the most miserable productions that could be offered, tc .the public. One ¡cannot help wondering how tho greal composers pould keep up the flight of their inspired imagi nations at joining their divine strains to such trash. Thej say : " We could not-get the greatest poets of the nation! to supply us with librettos, and were obliged, in order tc make pur music acceptable to the stage, to use what pro " fessional librettists concocted for us !" Any one acquainted with the' history, of the opera must admit the truth of theil . statement. We are thus compelled to receive the highesi form of all. arts;,in connection with the low productions o: poetasters., , Following the operas with the understanding of the texts, pur best feelings are repelled-our sympathies drawn out by the beautiful strains, are checked. Adultery, incest, and profligacy, form the chief themes ; and the musi< in relation to them resembles a lovely maiden wedded to i filthy, ragged vagabond. Let'us take, as an example, th« opera, "Don Giovanni," by the great German composer. Mozart. Vice is pictured so charming and attractiv* throughout the piece, that it must be injurious to gooc morals. Although the end of the hero is the fier\ descent to the lower regions, yet the buffooneries of Lepo relio make the spectators feel anything but the awful posi tion bf his master. I have given this instance, becaus< "Don Giovanni's" melodies have never been surpassed by an3 other opera. Whether such impression is an idiosyncrasy o: miné, pr is shared by others, I must confess that the text! of the operas have always been fatal to my fully enjoying the works of musical art. It appears to me a slavish feai not to reform, where reform is so easy. The English open has well deserved its field, and the works of Wallace anc Balfe are preferable to any of Verdi's. If the aira\>f Ros sini and Mozart cannot be dispensed with, why not prepan them for the English public by joining them wich libretto! \ of a noble stamp, and subjects with which the people cai sympathise ? The excuse that the English language is no fit for singing comes, generally, from foreigners, who, eithei i from want of industry, or want of intellect, do not acquire , it. Some might urge the argument that the parts of the operas are so intimately connected as not to bear any alter : ation in the plot ; but a close examination will convince them of the frequent contradiction in which text and music stand to each other. In many portions I am reminded of a well-known singer, who supplied the connecting link by saying,-"Now, adieu to Venus, and welcome to Mars!" i and then he would sing some ballad like, "Yes, let me like a Soldier fall !" Afterwards, he exclaimed again,-" Now, adieu to Mars, and welcome to Venus," and something like s " My Pretty Jane " followed. The necessity for the regeneration of the opera seems to be felt everywhere, and it is therefore not surprising that so much excitement and controversy has been caused by i the question, on the " Music of the Future." This name . was given to a pamphlet, by Wagner, entitled, "The Work of Art of the Future." An insignificant opponent in Cologne nicknamed it as above. Richard Wagner, with an indomi- table energy, and persevering labour, seems to have accom- plished the task of rescuing the opera, at least the German one, from its stagnaut condition. Born on the 22nd of May, 1S13, at Leipzig, he lost his father when only six months old. His mother, who married again, intended him for the profession of painter ; but he proved awkward at drawing, and an attempt was then made to teach him music. A few months before the death of his stepfather, Ludwig Geyer, an actor, painter, and writer of comedies, the boy, who was then seven years old, received the first lessons on the piano. However,, instead of prac- tising his exercises, he used to lay his hand upon "Der Freischutz," and strum at the overture. Of course, he. im- pressed both his teacher and his mother with the faut of not being at all a " prodigy." At the Kreuz Schule, in Dresden, he studied Latin, Greek, mythology, and ancient history, with great zeal. His talent for poetry and tragedy mani- fested itself in several successful compositions. Shakespeare became his great favourite, and he learnt English in order to read the great dramatist in the original. " He projected . an immense tragedy, which he described as a concoction made up of 'Hamlet' and 'King Lear,' on an absurdly i grand scale. Forty-two men died in the course of it, and he was obliged to make a number of them return as ghosts, i so as to keep the last acts sufficiently stocked with dramatis persono: Touring two years this production occupied him. : He left Dresden whilst it was still progressing, and returned to Leipzig, where at the Gewandhaus Concerts, he firstreceived i intense impressions from the instrumental works of Beetho- ven and Mozart ; and, in imitation of the former's'Egmont,' he attempted to add music to his play. When this play was at length discovered, by his family, to have led him to neg- lect his philological studies, there was, as usual in such cases, a grand quarrel, followed by endless minor recrimina- tions. But he was not to be stopped : he wrote overtures for grand orchestra, a sonata, a quartette, and several other , pieces. One overture, which he describes as the culminating point of his musical absurdities, was performed and ridi I culed at the Leipzig Theatre." Duriug his course at the University of Leipzig he received instruction in musical i composition and counterpoint, from Theodore Weinlig, then cantor at the Thomas School. Many productions emanated from his hand, under this able teacher. He tried his talent, also, on an opera : the overture of it was performed at the Gewandhaus with encouraging success. Mozart and Beethoven were his models, and it was the latter whom he regarded with passionate adoration. Heinrich Dorn writes in Schumann's Neut Zeitschrift fier Mtistc, 183S, No. 7 :-" I doubt whether there ever was a young musician who knew Beethoven's works more thoroughly than Wagner at his eighteenth year. The master's overtures and larger instrumental compositions he had copied for himself in score. He went to sleep with tht sonatas, and rose with the quartettes ; he sang the songs anc whistled the concertos-in short he was possessed with t furor teutonicus, which, added to a high education and a ran mental activity, promised to bring forth rich fruit." The dis soluteness and grossness of the life at a German University . had no attraction for him. A lasting impression, during that time, was made upon his mind by Schröder Devrient, who, recognizing his genius, inspired him with courage. Ir 1833, we find Wagner at Wurzbürg, composing and conducting an opera in three acts, "Die Feen" (the fairies), and three years later, as musical conductor in Magdeburg. The per- formance of the next opera, "Das Liebesverbot " met with a very indifferent result. The theatre became insolvent, and had not a penny to pay the poor conductor. Penniless and desponding, he directed his steps towards Berlin ; yet here he did not find a single theatre that would accept his operas. In the meantime, the conductorship of a stage was offered him at Königsberg. He repaired at once to his new field of action, but soon left it again in order to conduct at the theatre of Riga, in Russia. He had previously married at Königsberg, and the uncertainty of his subsistence began to weigh heavily on his mind. Amidst the unsatisfactory circumstances of the precarious position, he did not diminish his labours for the advancement of art by sketching out new plans for operas. Bulwer's "Rienzi" furnished him with a plot suitable to his taste. He had scarcely finished the first two acts of the tragic opera, when, without money or friends to secure his success, he suddenly left Riga (1839), and sought to better his circumstances in Paris. At Boulogne he met Meyerbeer, who, seeing the score of "Rienzi," supplied him with letters of introduction to some influential persons in Paris. Everything promised well for him ; but when he arrived at the capital, he experienced that letters of intro- duction are of very little use. Meyerbeer did not reside in Paris during Wagner's sojurn there, otherwise his presence and personal influence might have smoothed the road to the stage for one of the operas. Disappointed in his hopes, Wagner's affairs and prospects became sadder every week. At last he was obliged to arrange operatic melodies for the pianoforte and other instru- ments. The leisure hours were devoted to the completion of his " Rienzi." He also wrote then in his melancholy mood, the well known novel, "The End of a German Musician in Paris," and "A Pilgrimage to Beethoven," for the Gazette Musicale. His libretto to the "Flying Dutchman" was sketched out at the same time. Monsieur Léon Pillet, director of the Grand Opéra to whom he handed it over, seemed to be pleased, but objected to some parts of the music. The work being left with him, Wagner received from a friend the information that a professional librettist had been engaged to utilise the entrusted manuscript. In order not to be entirely swindled out of it, he sold the text to Pillet at once, and finished the music privately. Despairing of ever seeing his opera "Rienzi" brought out in Paris, he sent the score of it to the Court Theatre ol Dresden, where it was performed (1842) with the most brilliant success. He soon followed, and suddenly found himself the most popular man in the capital of Saxony, and in the possession of the title " Hofcapellmeister to the King." This favourable turn in his condition animated him with new energy and love for his art ; his melancholy was changed into cheerfulness, and he went with confidence and zeal to further greater tasks. The "Flying Dutchman' appeared in 1843, but received only a very cool reception. Wagner had to share the same fate with other great artists, Applause is generally accorded to what people are accustomed to ; as long as the composer moves in the old trodden paths he will remain familiar and popular with them, but no sooner does the flight of his genius carry him to higher aims, than he appears to his audience another being, whom they, in their prejudice, denounce as fantastic and uncouth. The "Tannhäuser" did not fare much better than the "Flying Dutchman," and when the overture to it was played in Leipzig it. mot with hisses and cries. His conception of the opera had too far ad- vanced to allow a mixed audience to understand him. The indifference and apathy of the public appeared to him an indication of the rotten state of society, and when the revolution of 1848 swept over the Continent of Europe, his pen and arm lent themselves to the cause of the republicans. His flight to Zürich, in Switzerland, was the result of his joining the rebellion. During thoenext ten years we find him very seldom with the conductor's staff in his hand, but principally occupied with his writings on musical aesthetics. In the same interval "Der Ring des Nibelungen " and "Tristan" were finished. Towards the end of 1859 he visited Paris again, and in February, 1860, gave three concerts there. On the 13th of March, 1861, "Tannhäuser" was produced at the Grand Opéra, at the command of the Emperor. The members of the Jockey Club, however, had formed a conspiracy against the opera, and hooted and whistled it off the stage. Never- theless, Wagner had attained to such a prominent position, that he could well afford failures of this kind, caused by intrigue and national spite. An amusing incident occurred last year, when the conductor Pasdeloup wished the perform- ance of the overture to " The Tannhäuser" : he had put it on the programme in spite of the remonstrances of many of the subscribers. The patriotic musicians declared they would not play any German music. Pasdeloup intimated that they might then find in their repertoire little worth playing. At last he said, " Play, or leave;" they all played, and the performance of Wagner's music was a decided success. In 1863, Wagner visited the chief cities of Europe, in order to give concerts. His reception must have recompensed him for the hardships and want of sympathy he had endured in former times. The German people felt that they had wronged and neglected a man of whom they are now justly proud. King Ludwig IL, of Bavaria, called him in May, 1864, to Munich, settled a handsome annuity on him, and became his most enthusiastic admirer and friend. A model Opera House has been built for him in Bayreuth, at the ex- pense of nearly half-a-million of Prussian dollars, and thus he has the best opportunity of carrying out his plans for the regeneration of the opera. " Wagner looks upon the works of the great masters of the past as so much ' absolute ' music - that is, music indepen- dent of every other branch of art, and he considers that they have had their day, and are now outgrown. His idea of the opera is that it should be a work in which poetry, music, and painting are to be of equal importance, and to form one homogeneous whole. Every changiug sentiment and emotion must be expressed with, as far as possible, literal truth. To attain this end, thematic development is to a great extent sacrificed ; and his operas-the later ones especially, in which his theories are most fully illustrated become like a series of brilliant musical dissolving views, or like one elaborate fantasia of voices and instruments, than we have been accustomed to expect in this class of composition. Ac- companied recitative forms a large portion of his more recent works, and of regularly developed airs, duets, quartettes, &c;, there are comparatively but few examples. Of his talent nay, his genius, there can, we think, be no question ; of his probable influence on the future of art, it is, too early at present to speak with any confidence." The works of men of genius rarely meet with the approbation of their time. When Thomas Carlyle's writings made their first appearance, they were stigmatised as "clotted nonsense;" now he is universally admitted as one of the greatest authors in the English language. In order to judge Wagner's operas rightly, we cannot measure them by the standard usually applied to musical compositions ; we must see them performed on the stage to estimate their effect and value. It has been said that they are reformed operas, but this is not the case. We may as well call man a "reformed monkey." , Until now we must judge his operas from the standard of German nationality, as they are specifically the "Works of Art of Fatherland;" but we must also look upon them as the forerunners of what the operas of the future will be among other nations. The Sydney Morning Herald of to-day, referring to Wag- ner, reports of him in the following words : "That Wagner's music is popular and that it is growing in popularity is obvious enough, at least in Germany, where it is best known. We do not remember a single programme at any of the many concerts we heard - and every German town as well as city has its nightly concert in one or more of its public gardens - wherein Wagner's music did not occupy a chief place, and was not listened to with the most atten- tion, and received with the most applause. Those who cater for the public take good care to learn the public taste, and when conductors like Gungl, Strauss, and Marchner gave but the second place to their own brilliant and showy com- positions, and honour, as the popular favourite, so profound a thinker and so severe a composer as Richard Wagner, we may be sure that the music of the new school is making its way, indeed has already made its way, into the hearts of the most musical people in Europe. And surely there is matter for rejoicing in this, not merely in an artistic but in a moral point of view. Wagner is sadly misunderstood among us ; if not by musical critics (who are perhaps beginning to see what is in him from their own point of view) at least by many who can enjoy and appreciate what is good without technical knowledge. Aiming at a far higher ideal than had contented those who had gone before him ; a poet himself as well as a musician, his attempt has been to promote works of art. in which these two separate branches unite, and to withdraw the' public heart "from the lascivious tendencies of the opera and the ballet to a more serious tendency in the dramatic musical art." He raises, music and poetry to a higher and nobler rank than many , are disposed, from what they see and hear around them, to assign to them, and would supersede the trashy libretto (of which Voltaire said, " Ce qui est trop sot pour être dit on le chante"), the mawkish melody and the poor accompaniment, the " sustained tune- lessness serving as a background for the melody," as Wagner calls it, by that mutual penetration (durchdringung) of music and poetry which would realise his own beautiful thought, expressed by him in language which deserves to be carefully weighed and pondered over for its truth." Beethoven House, " K. W. GOERGS Sydney, April 21st, 1875. 