AT the meeting of the Ballaratshire. Council on Monday, a deputation waited on the council urging the desirability of railway accommoda tion for Learmonth and the Springs. Mr Morton was. the, spokesman of the .deputation,. and he reminded the council that Mr Long more, when in olhce as Commissioner of Rail ways, had recognised the importance of a line in the direction suggested. It was agreed by the'councihthat action should be taken) ajad that “the Lextonshire Council be requested* to co-operatqVvnth • the Ballaratshire representing the matter to the Government It is impossible' not to regret that when we jwerg .constructing ~_the Ballarat,, to. Arafat .rail:, way it was not found' to be. convenient to make that line servo the requirements 'of so -important -a—locality-as- that -represented-by the deputation to- the shire cdufnciTon Monday. At .the-time there ■vyere some discussions/upon tiie'“matter,’ and', representations' 'and counter representations weremade, 'but finally the question of survey, difficulties.;and expense overbore all'other arguments; and the lino was adopted as wemow'.have it.i'riN'evertheless, we regard l the matter .’ brought! before the, council on Monday as one which ,the,Government is bound-to say “yes” to, and .ill that it can plead in abatement of-immediate {Concession is want of funds. . . It is quite impossible that the Government can .'make aUthe railways that all the districts in ' the colony would like to have made at once. Our. State HabiUties are tolerably heavy as they are, and the blessings of a protective policy have noti-been so striking as ,to; warrant us in- extending very much further'- dur'.in debtedness to the; detestable foreigner.-.. Our protectionist philosophers, like. the ’ other sad folk 'in-tho- lunatic asylums,- really believe themselves to be sane and all other-people mad, and the burdenof the melancholy circumstance is in the fact that, unlike the asylum inmates, the protectionists .are. in the majority, and so are able to impose their vagaries upon the minority; Mr Berry could hot. seo, that a shovel should sell for inbre" because it cost more, and he i may see his way to other wonders, but we cannot forget that while his protectionist friends have in this droll way been fighting against the foreigner, they-have been borrowing his money also, and possibly- the two positions assumed will be seen by-and-by to be somewhat; more antagonistic than at first sight they , appeared. In any event, as'we have said; the Government is bound to bo cautious now an carrying; but further,extensions,,of .railways,,but this exten sion asked for in the interests , of .Learmonth and Lextdh, is “one which the. Gdverhmeht . will be compelled to • give attention to. : The dine hence to Ararat passes through a comparatively sparsely peopled country, and 1 gives; tho go-by to. the most, important locality in the shire,- as well as to Lexton and . some smaller adjoining localities bii the north. 1 If finance or engineer ing conditions had made it practical,, it would have been very desirable . that the Rrie.hericeVto Ararat should have taken a curve so’as tobaye served Learmonth, if ■ not Lexton, as Well- as Beaufort. , A short Hue from ’ the present Creswick line might be found now the- most i practical way of meeting the views of the people of Learmonth and that important , neighborhood. We want immediate railway communication with the Ballarat; Tuff; Club’s reserve, and as that is on the direct route to Learmouth in that direction, it inay be Worth while to consider whether, that . would . bo a practical ‘ or the.-most' .desirable method of carrying out tho extension asked for. Whether that route be adopted, or a point of departure be taken from the Ararat line to serve the iriterbsts of.Learmonth. and Lextbii, ; the’ next j question will be where the line shall .have “a-i terminus. The extension of the line from Maryborough to Avoca is how under Way, and that line, if carried on to Ararat or to- Stawell, will then complete the enclosure of an irregular i area of somewhat triangular form, which an ex tension through Learmonth and Lexton would almost bisect, ahdVould be a sort of completion of the railway-' service for the whole of that district. At, present . the country between Springs and the route to be taken by the Maryborough to Avoca, and Ararat, or Mary borough to Avoca and" Stawell, railway is but sparsely peopled for the most part; but that, of ‘ course, canuot be taken as ' a siiJficient argu ment against the construction, of the extension in question. There is a'sense in; which every one of our railways, riot, excepting the trunk lines, may be regarded as passing through thinly populated country, and everybody knows that our railways are made in great part for the purpose of- increasing population by promoting settlement. Looking at the ques tion on all sides, the proposed extension through the Learmonth and Lexton country is. a : i sub ject which the Minister of Railways is bound to receive with respect and to entertain with due consideration. The very fertile country through which a portion of the pro posed extension would pass, and ;the large and settled interests already ex isting there, are in. themselves .substantial reasons in favor of the dkteusion; while, so, I far, at any rate, as the present Government is 1 concerned, the already expressed opinions' of Mr Longmore upon the question give additional force to the claim now made in the interests of the Ballarat and Lexton shires. ’ • To the deputation of teachers Mr Munro, the Minister of Instruction, on Saturday made, a rather remarkable statement. Amongst “the grievances brought before the Minister : by tho teachers was|the dilatory , way : in which the salaries were paid, and they very modestly and reasonably remarked that when the salaries were not paid when due a memorandum should bs sent to the teachers'stating the reason of the delay, so that their uncertainty might be relieved.; The Minister upon this is reported. to have said:—“ The country teachers could not expect to bo paid so quickl}' as those in the vicinity of the office, but he was unaware that any unnecessary delay, such as was stated, had taken place.” Mr Venables, the Minister's right-hand man, profossed ignorance of the delay, and submitted that, possibly, the complaints made were susceptible of explanation.,’ We sincerely trust that they are, but we do not like Mr Munro’s position. that the country teachers are to wait longer thari the town ones. It seems to us; as we remarked in Monday’s issue, that the Education Department of the Government ought to be able to do as muchiri the way of paying its servants as any commer cial firm can do, and it is rather too much to expect us to believe that by proper energy and foresight remittances may not be made duly to the country paymasters, and the teachers all over the colony be paid, as it were, simul taneously. The fact appears to be, that either the . Education Department is overworked or improperly administered.; It is no new thing for complaints to be made against the depart ment that it. uniformly neglects to pay prompt attention to letters , addressed to it, and it is reasonable to 'infer that. the same absence of power, whether it be of the power of numbers or the power of energy amongst' the numbers there, the work is postponed arid postponed and postponed until teachers and boards'of advice and other unfortunate people who 1 have to deal with the. department are tired out Arid disgusted.--, We cannot '.blame- Mr Murird for this state of facts, since, as he remarked to.the teachers on Saturday,, he. is newto the office and to’ the -work.- ’Long before Mr Munro was dreamt of ~ as j a.. Minisier ,of Instruc- 1 , tipn these complaints were before the country, arid boards of advice had given rip the ghost because they could neither inspire the depart ment with vigor, nor get inspiration of-any. sustaining sort “from the department. If the accounts and reports and so forth of the de partmerit are in the same state of arrear as would seem to be indicated by the delay in the payment of salaries, and in the wretched want of puncttlaUjll in rglpect of dealing willilcor re9gondenc(p|thenS|he dejurtmlSt nullS be aljaigether ifij a m&|. . had Reiter tunijms. thuP^asti§Sraxaff : soon as possible, and if Mr Venables is unable Jiad,_beltex_endpAvor_tP_ find.out , some /better , man or. spine s bgtter syatm f b6'mbt obtainable/ At - r'.Ji KtvtJS -if ONS of the depntatipnsi’thabiwaited upon Mr Munro oh' SathHay consisted of teachers fro'ih the Ballarat district, who appealed against an edict enforcing the payment of rent for resi dences occupied by teachers. It was urged that this imposition of rent was, in fact, a breach of faith on the part of the department, and the grounds given Were these:—That the teachers notjnreviously. paid jrent,|tlmf the houses were in pari built by public subscnption, that the valuations upon which the rents were .assessed were improperly made, and that the imposition of rent came after a reduction rather than an increase of the teachers’ salaries —salaries, moreover,'which'were'made contin gent upon the attendance, as represented by another deputation, ofi the'children at school, over which the teachers had no adequate con trol. .This is one of those.things which the boards "of advice, 'as Being local, A won'lcT have been valuable witnesses upon had they been vested with proper functions. As to the naked question of paying rent, we cannot see why teachers should' be' expected ‘ttf 'be'foiihd jn houses free of rent any more than clerks of petty sessions or other 'civil servants, but, as the deputation: showed: on Saturday, the .ques tion ; is'not ’anabsolutely naked one/' The teachers of the State, schools cannot be re garded as a cleanly cut off body apart, from ordinary society,, as''sorn'e' other departments of the Civil Service are, because they are"the. residua, so to speak;' of the denominational system of education ? which ; the,.:State vswept away, i buf'whose connections in part remain. For instance, that ground which the teachers allege as to the houses they inhabit haying ’ been built par tly ; by : privat;e ! trates what we refer to. It seems to us that the teachers cannot ""expect to be found houses to live - in unless that . be. .made part; of; the basis of calculation of salaries, and if, instead, of having, as is complained of, to live in hovels, in some places worse than the gatekeepers’ huts on the railways, they had 1 decent residences to inhabit, aiid' if the assessments upon which the rents were-based were, fairly: made, wo,presume the teachers .would net thou; h'ayeV'.much 1 to 'complain' of c However -tfie I subject may be looked at, the rent must be! regarded in connection, with the salary. If' free, .residences ;’are; found; 1 tha ’expense jmuit; come out of the salary, for the State caffuo more afford to furnish—houses to the teachers than it can to all.the, rest,of,the, civil servants. If the’teachers dire not sufficiently paidiwitt out free residences, then they must have them; but if this method of[ eking,.oltt the salary be found to -bo, a, practical inconveniehei it will luiVe 1 to' be doiie away with, and the salaries fixed at a clear money rate. The dif ficulty, however, seems to point to the neces sity of reaUy.effectave locarboafds/abihtb deal in a fair spirit and_with local knowledge of such local elements in'~bounection with the status of- teachers. > The- argument, > based; on the fact of the salaries being cast on the baiis of attendance is a strong one, for the State has neglected, rightly or .wrongly, ,to. enforce the act, and yet the; teachers are in effect fined;.fsr the very laches of .the .State or the boards. Then, it is obvious that the roll of attendance is not likely to be'so cTuabledu^^thihly-peopled places, "where long, distances and, perchance, poverty of parents combine to induce irregula rity, and beuce the reasonableness of the plea set. up for special^fcgard'being - had, 1 in 1-the matter of rent, for the position of country' teachers. 