MESSRS. MOODY AND SANKEY. (fboh the satdbdat bkview.) It appears that for some months past excitement has been produced in Edin burgh and other towns in Scotland by the singular exercises of a couple of itinerant Americans — Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey. For a very long time no entertainment has been so popular to Edtobnrgh as tbat wMch goes by the name of these gentlemen. It is attended by overflowing audiences. Crowds of enthusiasts follows the performers from - one place to another, for it is part of their system to have as much variety as possible; and to hold their meetings to all sorts of different buildings — in town- halls, lecture-roomB, and churches of all denominations. The meetings are held at all hours of the day, and some are for yonng men, some for mothers, some for tethers, others for yonng women, clerks, students, or little children. Cariosity is stimulated by huge placards on the walls, and. several periodicals command a large sale by describing the performances. The nature of the exMbition ft stated to the following announcement : — " At half- past six p.m., Mr. Moody will preach the Uospel, and Mr, bankey will sing the Gospel." Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey are Americans from Chicago ; aud we learn from one of their groans that their visit to Scotland was prompted by a feeling tbat the churches there stood " specially to need of the application of those brisker, livelier, more direct modes of appeal wMch are characteristic of Ame rica." Mr. Moody, we are further told, is " not a man of much education or culture ; his manner is abrupt and blunt ; his speech bristles with Ameri canisms ; his voice is sharp, rapid, and colloquial." He is remarkable for his want of sanctimoniousuess ; and " a play of humour spurts out sometimes iu Ms most serious addresses." He interlards his lectures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as the writer puts it; " he has in his possession a large number of inci- dents and experiences well fitted to throw light on the points he employs them to elucidate, and to clinch the appeals which he uses them to enforce." In the inter vals of Mr. Moody's lectures, Mr. Santey sings hymns. " Abhorring the notion of providing a musical entertainment merely to please those who are not in he Kingdom of God," he seeks to move " by truth expressed in the most winning tones." It is also in subservience to his spiritual ends that Mr. Sankey uses the harmonium. Saukey's "Sacred Solos" are sold by the thousand, and his ex ample and exhortations are also said to have given a great impulse to the trade in harmoniums. The sort of entertain ment which is thus presented may be gathered from the descriptions given by persons who profess to have enjoyed it. " We are having a very good time just now," writes one ; " old Formality got his neck broken." " On Friday night," says another, " after Mr. Moody's solemn words, there seemed to be a great' smash ing up of souls." The audience is alter nately moved to laughter and tears. The Gospel is preached, not only with the pronunciation, but in the dialect of Chi cago ; and the result is, no doubt, some thing veiy different from that to which Scotch congregations are accustomed. Jokes, slang, stories, and sensational ex clamations are freely interspersed. Mr. Moodie's strange accents and " spurts of humour " work up the people into a state of excitement in which it is as easy to cry as to laugh. A parable translated into the language of Artemus Ward, and enlivened by touches of \ ankee wit, is a novel sensation, and the effect is enhanced by a sudden change to startling threats of damnation, and. appeals to come and be saved. Then comes Sankey's lively solos, sung in a very good style to a a melody that might pass for secular in a worldly concert room, but for the words. People who go only to be amused, as most of the audience go, are provided with a curious and racy entertainment, quite as good in its way as the Christy Minstrels. Others of an impressible temperament are thrown into more or less violent paroxysms of hysterical emo tion. Those who are acquainted with the history of revivals will recognise in the agitation which has been carried on in Edinburgh and elsewhere a repetition, in a slightly modified form, of the ordi nary type of these disorders. There are different methods of getting intoxicated, and this is one of them. Nothing is easier than for a skilled and daring ex pert in revivalism to work upon the nerves and feelings of weak, susceptible persons, so as to throw the blood to the head and bring on all the symptoms of violent ex citement. One of Mr. Moody's disci ples has designated him the " Lightning Minister of the Lightning City," and there can be no doubt that his perform ance is of a very rousing kind. In com mon revivals mere shouting and shrieking answer the purpose of the operators, but Mr. Moody's exercises are of a more artistic quality. Friends of the move ment, mingled with the audience, also lend their aid. They pounce upon any one who seems to be moved, and pour in their exhortations ; and there are also private rooms to which coses of distress are conveyed. "About 40," says one account, " confessed that they were new converts, aud 40 stood up as anxious to be saved, and were asked to go to the other side of the hall, where they were conversed with." A servant girl is de- 6cribed as weeping like an inundation. The "workers" in attendance on her had to keep her constantly supplied with a change of -fresh handkerchiefs and dry hymn books. Another time Mr. Moody called upon seven gentlemen on the plat form to state how they were saved. " Most of them were well-known men, a minister, a colonel in the army, a merchant, a sheriff a doctor, a nobleman, and a cap tain in the navy. The effect was marvel lous." Prayers were offered up for " an nncle who is an infidel," for " a family, the father an avowed infidel, and the mother and children unconverted," for " a clergyman of the Church of Ireland who is imbued with rationalistic errors." At one of the meetings the experiences of a young lady were given as part of the en tertainment. " For an hour she sat in the greatest agony ; her hands were clasped, her eye-balls looked as if they would start from their sockets." Even children are worked upon — little chil dren of eight or nine — with all the teni- Jying formula of the revivalist school. A little boy illustrated his faith by re marking that, if his sister received an offer of marriage from a veiy rich man, who had promised she should live in a fine mansion, would she not be very foolish to refuse such an offer 1 At one meeting we are told of " a dear little boy, about nine years of age, at most ten, who was cryiDg as if his little heart would break," while a " kindly, father-like man" was torturing the poor child with things too deep for him to understand. We read of a book which was sent to another child containing three leaves — one white, the next blood red, and the third white, indicating salvation. " Yon can't have too much blood," is Moody's motto. It is said to be too soon to estimate the results of the agitation which has been carried on by these expedients : but it is not very difficult to anticipate what, judging from former experience, they are likely to be. It is impossible to imagine anything more unwholesome and debili tating than the sort of morbid excite ment aud hysterical rapture which is thus cultivated ; and in other cases the conse quence has invariably been a reaction of a deplorable kind. In the country dis tricts of Scotland revivals have usually left their mark in an increase of drunk enness and a scandalous addition to the registrar- general'sstatisticsof illegitimacy. In Edinburgh the heat and frenzy have probably done much harm by bringing sacred things into ridicule, by afflicting some feeble minds with idle agony, or by overbalancing others with the inflation of self-righteous arrogance and conceit There is not the faintest trace of edu cated intelligence or spiritual elevation in Mr. Moody's harangues. They are a mere gabble of texts, interspersed with grotesque or sensational anecdotes, and spiced with vulgar American slang. The most extraordinary feature of the agita tion is that it should be connived at and patronised by the clergy of Edinburgh and other towns. It is obvious that if Moody and Sankey are right in their mode of preaching the Gospel, and if the effect of these performances is really a " "Teat awakening " and the " power of the Holy Ghost in Scotland," the ordi nary services of religion must be a melan choly farce. Everybody who lias been in Scotland must have been struck with the severe endurance and fortitude with which a Scotch congregation sits out, not only a long and dreaiy sermon, but a series of prayers which are the worst sort pf sermons in disguise; and it is not surprising that the Scotch laity' should be thankful for a little relaxation. But that the ministers themselves should come forward in this manner to proclaim publicly that, their whole system is a failure aud waste of time is really strange. It must be still more wonderful iij in supporting and recommending Messrs. Moody and SstiVc.y, they do not see that they are comic . . t'.i- ni-=elve. Either a great awakening is good for their flocks, or it is not If it is, why do they not take measures to bring it about on their own account 1 The only - justification which is offered for the eccentricities and buffooneries of the Yankee propaganda is simply that the end justifies the means, and that the great thing is to produce an impression on the public mind, no matter how. It would appear, therefore, that sermons had better be abandoned for singing and story-telling, and there is no logical reason why the reform should stop' here. The banjo aud the bones might be substituted for the harmonium, and Mr. Sankey's solos might be occasionally varied by a little daucing. The Fan tee Flip-flag Fandango would be an appro priate accompaniment to Mr. Moody's " spurts of humour " and select anecdotes. If it is to be understood that it is the business of Christian churches to com pete, as the British. Evangelist holds, with " the theatre, the opera, and pantomime," why is the competition left to these American gentlemen ? It is stated that Messrs. Moody and Sankey may shortly, be expected in London ; but they will perhaps discover that their line of busi-_ n'ess has already been pretty well worked at the Tabernacle and elsewhere. . 