bUJR. mzhOHItNE ZETZEX., -Mra.BoTBB.OT, "Thursday Afternoon.' (FH.OM OUHjOWJv jOOREKSPONBENX.) tbe countiy, and 'it will be seen that it is & bold one_, so.far As at^oes, and tbatihe -Chief.* Secretaiy-nailshis;:^ scons titSSon". anast 'flrmlyL-:-'It'3s»lM:only •chancg.j , JSioiring-filiat' the Parliament was elected for the purpose of reforming the constitu<aon,.»ndithat theireat charge; against the ' .Eerferd Ministry waa that; they {ailed to grapple -with the question, ' lie has only one lope—that the Assembly will be compelled to support him npon tins point. : ;Iiast; xught vat Balla.rat 4e : wps very firm, even threatening. The; policy is a very bold one, evincing a thorough . determination to make the: holders of Jargs estakes pay for the -land; they -£lshod from-die State. Of course/- unless they passed a constitution reform biUj this, determination w.ould be useless/ Mr Woods, at Stawell, followed suit, and his speech certainly is'one of the best d'e-: Iivered. He intends to lower the railway : rates, a step -very far m advance mdeedj and for. which the conntry has been crying .outfor years. Again, ho-finds out that we lave already material enongh ; on hand; to construct 132 miles of smgle-lme rail- ways. Mr /Woods mil go in for these single-line railways, which will pay. On ithe wholcj "I- am. inclined to tfamk that- Parliament - Willi pause before relegating the Cabinet to private 'life the moment theyinalce their appsaranceinthe Legislative Assembly, althoug it is well known that a vote of want of confidence, on the ground -that they are incompetent; : is cut j and dried. So opposition , has been attempted," except at North Meilbourne; . where OoumaHor Anderson has been, illadvised enough to set up. He docs not stand the ghost of a show. For some time past rumours have been prevalent that on? of the members for Gippsland was about resigning. The rumour originated in a certain transaction," which of itself was a mere trifle. As 1 telegraphed to7o«last night, there was no truth: in the rumour .whatever,"" and 1 trust the worthy member will long continue to represent lus constituency, as be' bas proved himself an able legislator, and very conscientious in discharging 1m j .duties So bi3 constituents. Some veay improper and untrue remarks oil the subject appeared in the Evening Herald. We will soon have the great trageeiain R'.aton in our midst. Portraits of the lady are.now m every shop window^ aiid her's is indeed a splendid intellectual face. - Her Sydney season has not been a success, although; it appears that the people have suddenly woke up aud found that they have a great actress in their midst. They intend to ffcte her to-night, and crown her with » wreath of : laurels, : &C.;, &c.; This appreciation eomes too late. However, there is every prospect that.the great trageiieniie will meet with a more appreciative public h&ic.; : This reminds me that I have not as yet given your readers an idea of what the great singer Ikna de Murski is like. Since ! Kate Hayes electrified audiences of. diggers in; the old Queen's 'Theatre we have not had such a sensation in the siugmg line as lima . de Murska. Immense crowds assemble at the Town Hall' every night she gives a concert; and applaud her .to the echo. At times the enthusiasm/becomes -quite startling. Men rise and hurrah and wave their hats, while the ladles -wave their handkerchiefs. Bouquets fall like die proverbial leaves m ' Yallambrosa. The lady is of fiue presence and dresses to perfection. The moment e one looks at lier he feels that he sees a woman who has moved in the - highest': circles, at whose feet emperors and Hugs have knelt in admiration, and yet there is nothing ol pride or hauteur in her bo&utiful; face or in her bewitching blue eyes. It is difficult to speak of her voice without. becoming bighfiluton. : Though it is evidently not so grand as it was in the days when ce reigned, as queen of song iu Vienna, Milan, -Pans and Xiondon, it is still wonderfuL I would not like to ven.tuxe.an. assertion about the number of octaves it contains.. She can go very liiglii higher thananyone here dreamtabout and the.higher she goes the more fine and bell-like are her notes Her voice, too is so-powerful that ,iheTownHall;.large asit, is; would be too small if she liked to exert its JEull -power.., The most diihcult passages are mere playthings to this gifted singer, she can.run up anddown the scale and execute the- most difficult: fioriture with the utmost ease. It is a privilege to have heard this great queen of song.. , The great James Geoige Beaney, sur geoii, has at last achieved tho height of his ambition, and become an honorary siirgeon forihe Melboume Hospital The greatest «xcilament prevailed-tpv«r the election, -*ad: no ^>arli»m»ntwy contest fcaused«oniuch display. offeeling.People bnng round the ^Melbourne. Hospital jiiip. toiwo o^ock Ahis- morning waiting lor the verdict A grand party was given, at Dr Beaney's: house last night,-and: as I passed .homewards;..I .saw ..the: brillisBit assemblage, and heard tbe popping of champagne corksto the tune of. "Hes a Jolly- good fellow." Thera was-joy in the JBeaney mansionlast night, over, one surgeon returned tortlie fold. The " select" medicme nien, who »wear .bjr- 35r /Seild and the Arg*>&, are greatly disgusted sKth tbe result.- There was weepiiy; and wailing and gnashing ol teeth at $hs M»l- -bourne Club wlien it was announced.. The state of tbe roads is m bad. that wlieit still rules at a high figure ; it vras sold to-day at lid with an .upward tendency. There is not the (slightest chamce oi anything beijig dpne iu the Gippslabd railway matter for some itime. As pie; .railway^bein^.scoMtruetedno haa fropi s Oakieigh. to Uandenong will(M: ^onal^ucted before tbeBmidy Creek one is surveyed. Two sections, with, £road that _», person. ,travflling |ta «nd from Gippsland ,wilitbav* to alternate «oach WrailWay,^f»tdeleciably t .JIjM'KsMi , is making great efforts to have something, d.oneip.|be )aiiaiter,4»ui)..tbe iGpveroment, knowing tbey will Slave to straggle for life, 1 pay attention ioiffndiJig.GUl a jschemc which wiil-givetbein.somedaygioi grace, instead of -ioofang aftpr She mteresta of 4be country Accounts are at the Ttaasuiy, Siie, for X) J-orsytb, W. JaJrn, » SmyA, ana J. Biri 