DIARY OF A JOURNEY ? FROM ; SOUTHAMPTON TO HONGKONG, VIA NORTH AME RIO A AN D JAPAN, AUGKTST AKD SEPTJBMBSB, 187-3. September 7. — Pacific Mail Steamship Japan, 4,351 .tons, : 370 feet long, 79 broad, depth of liold 31^ feet, cylinder 105 inche§ diameter; smokepipe 36 feet in circumference. On Monday last, the 1st of the month, we embarked on board this fine vessel, and hitherto have had a most charming passage, for the Pacific is altogether a different -ocean from that restless, stormy Atlantic. It has a dis agreeable swell on it now and then, which makes me feel uncomfortable, but still I have been ^wonderfullv well. I am thank ful to say. But what a vast, solitary, mighty ocean lies around us ! The first 24 hours we saw several whales and shoals of dolphins, as well as a great number of. seagulls {that constantly surrounded us, wheeling in circles around the vessel, or resting gracefully upon the waves. But since then we have seen no signs of life at all, no ship, no fish, no birds, save three and sometimes four small alba trosses that hover at a distance, and new aud then make a dip in the waves. This majestic solitude is almost over powering at times, aud one looks at the horizon line in all directions, feeling as if there must be some other object to people this watery world ! In vain, how ever, nor can we hope to see another ship before this day week. There is a very faint chance of sighting the Macgregor to-day, but the captain does not at all expect it ; still we are all getting letters ready in case of such a happy chance occurring.. At any rate we shall be able to forward letters by the China this day week, and shall hear some Hongkong news from her, which will be a great treat. We are very happy on board. Our captain is a most gentlemanly agree able man, and is considered the first . captain in his Compauy. Everything on board is exquisitely neat and clean, and twice each day he goes over every part of the ship. The first two days of our voyage were spent in getting the thirteen lifeboats in order, as well [as the raft. These would be more than sufficient to carry in safety every soul on board. In each boat was a cask of water and a large box of bread. I i suggested to the doctor that these would I want renewing, at any rate the water ; but ho says the casks aud boxes are ?? ! r ' - i hermetically sealed, and he has seen both opened at the end of a month with their contents as fresh as on the day when they were packed. . The raft, before being packed' away, was thickly strewn with torn newspaper. On enquiry I found that this was a kind of bribe for the rats. As long as they can get paper they will not care to nibble canvas, rope, or cork. A life-belt is beneath each berth, so that every human precaution is taken in case of the calamity of shipwreck, from which may God in His mercy spare us ! The food is very good and abundant, arid up to the present we have been revelling in the delicious Calif ornian fruits and vege tables kepi on the ice, of which we have six tons on board. They are perfectly fresh still, and inost acceptable. The saloon is a magnificent apartment, aud far larger than any we have ever been in before. The cabins are also delightfully roomy ; there are two berths and a small sofa in ours, and the lower berth is so wide that it is auite equal to the size of the bed in the children's room at L ? terrace. There is a capital library in the ' Social Hall,' a most comfortable and popular place of resort at the head of the 'companion,' which contains a largeassorfcment of easy chairs, as well as a very tolerable piano. The meals follow each other with the re gularity of clockwork. We are roused at 7.30 each morning by a gong, which one of the Chinese boys beats -round the cabins. Breakfast comes at 8.30, lunch at 12.45^ dinner at 6, tea at 8.30. We have a very pleasant set of passengers. On entering the Lick House coach, to drive down to the wharf, we found it already occupied by Mr. and Mrs. R. P., of Amoy, who were to sail with us that day. They are a bride and bridegroom, most agreeable people, who have already given ua a warm invitation to visit them in Amoy. -Strange to say, I am able to describe Mrs. P.'s future home to her, for when we went to Foochow some vears ago we spent a day at Amoy with the younger brother, Mr. E. P. Mrs. P. has her English servant maid with her, who has lived 23 years in her family. In the coach was also Mr. M., who is another of our companions. When we were staying at Shanghai, some few yeara ago, at Judge G-' ?? -'a house, we met him there one night at dinner, but not having seen him since had forgotten him until he introduced himself. He is a very in telligent, pleasant, gentlemanly fellow, nephew to Layard, the Nine vite discoverer, and is in the Consular service. We shall lose him at Japan, as he will go on to jrexin Dy way or onangnai. men come Judge B ? and his party, consisting of his nice kind old wife, his two pretty daughters, and his Secretary. The girls are never tired of questioning me about au Eastern life, and much anticipate all the novelties of their new position. We have also 11 missionaries on board, most of them married men, and some single missionary ladies. This morning we had a very nice service in the Social Hall, conducted by three of them. We used the prayerbook of the American Epis copal Church, and as they are almost oreciselv like our Ensrlish Church, it was very, pleasant. JMLrs. P ? ^played the hymn tunes and chants: Jbeautifully,' and we really managed -quite a respectable choir. Then came a very, good, simple sermon, after which the little congrega tion dispersed. There will be service again this evening. There was quite a little excitement this morning, caused by the report that a bird—not one of our beautiful albatrosses, but a visitor from the Sandwich Inlands — was amongst the rigging. It was a bird with abeautiful white breast, and uttered rather a sharp note. After resting about half au hour, off it flew again, as we suppose, to its far-off home, for the Sandwich Islands are now 800 miles distant. 10th. Our days pass away in the quies cent style usual on board ship. We read, and chat, and work, and sleep, and eat. Last night the purser gave us a tana or entertainment — tne exniDition or a magic lantern — and to-night we are to have the first of a series of dances. What a usual thing it is now to take these long journeys. I remember in the Chart of English History, that I and Marian learned as children, one of the entries in George III. reign was, 'Commodore Arison sailed round the world.'' So ex traordinary an occurrence wa3 this in those days, that it was recorded as amongst the remarkable events of that long reign. Now it is so common that in this set of passengers, brought accidentally together, there are no less than nine who are bound on that long journey simply for pleasure, and two of these are ladies. The weather we are having is perfect ; the air is fresh and pure, the sun bright, the moon and stars most brilliant and lovely, and the sea is almost as calm as a lake. Dearest Edmund, I am most thankful to say, is decidedly better, and esjoys the trip exceedingly. 13th. — We had very pleasant evenings yesterday and the day before. On Thursday the Doctor read us a very interesting little lecture he had written upon tbe character of Shylock. In his opinion Shakespeare intended it as a reproof to his generation for the way in which they habitually treated the Jews, and by representing Shylock as an embodiment of avarice, hatred, and cruelty showed as plainly as he dared the result of long ages of oppres sion and contumely. It was a well frritten and instructive lecture. Last night we had the reverse of the medal, and were shown how ' Men are enly.boys grown tall, And are but children after all,' A most absurd kind of miniature bur lesque was introduced, with a donkey, a rider, and a lady about nine feet high, so ridiculous all three of them fliafc we roared with laughter. Then we were invited into the saloon to hear a lecture on an Egyptian mummy that lay on the floor, most admirably mimicked. The lecture was also a very clever farce. The evening concluded with a most capital little concert. To-night, I believe, we are to have an entertainment from General B ? . This afternoon Mr. M ? has been showing us his album, also his Vic toria Cross and the Humane Society's medal,* both gained by him for saving life during a typhoon in Formosa. He and his friend, Mr. D ? were more than eight hours in the sea trying to reach two ships, one French and one English. - They succeeded in saving 15 lives, in one instance swimming ashore with a poor fellow who. had broken his leg, and was utterly helpless. When they reached the French vessel, only the upper deck was left entire, forming a kind of raft, on which the remnant of the' crew were huddled together. The poor old captain fell on his knees, and kissed their feet in his impulsive French fashion. Mr. M. is a fine young fellow, very intelligent and gentlemanly, and we like him xnHch.r 16th. Yesterday was Sunday, the 14th, and to-day is Tuesday, the 16th. Since we left ' Frisc6' we have been -losing 18' minutes a day, and to make this right, we drop a day when we pass the 180% and if going in the opposite direction we should equalise the gaining of 18 minutes daily, by having two Sundays or Mondays, as the case might be. On Saturday even ing we had a very amusing time. Old General B-^ ? had offered to tell a Btory to amuse us all ; so we all gathered in the saloon, and there the old gentlemen told three, most interesting and amusing. He is an admirable proficient in the 'art, preserving the most perfect gravity of countenance until the end, when the pith of the tale comes out in the most laugh able manner possible. We are beginning to know our fellow-passengers well, and, as a rule, have a very pleasant and obliging set of people on board. Yesterday one of them who has spent several years in South America, much interested Ed. and me with an account of his travels. He has been much in Peru, and gave most interesting details of his explora tions of the tombs of the Incas, sb recal ling Prescott's ' History of the Conquest of Peru.' He showed us various relics he had brought thence— gold and silver ornaments over a thousand years old, antique _ spinning shuttles of the same date, with the wool still on them, and many pictures of the scenes of their ancient magnificence and power. Ruins of their palaces are still extant, that romilrl \\\txxra Vioati naiifonf 4-r\ 4-Tia *vwAaim4 day but for the ravages of the Spaniards. These remains are formed of huge rocks of stone, placed one on the other without any cement, and yet so accurately ad justed that a blade of a knife cannot be thrust between them. These architectural relics are still perfect, while buildings erected by the Spaniards, of massive material united by the strongest cement, , have long, long ago been utterly ruined by the earthquakes common in that region. Various athletic sports go on amongst the gentlemen passengers, very amusing to watch, and very cleverly per i-utiueu, especially a aorauge lnxercwisting of legs, by which two of them turn each other completely over. 19th. We are getting very friendly with most of the passengers, and like them much. I was talking some time last night with Mrs. H., a little missionary lady from America— she is only 17 years old. Mrs. D— — , another missionary's wife, was telling me yester day of her past life. She has been living in the Caroline Islands, inhabited by genuine savages. The only vessel that came regularly was the Morning Star — a missionary ship, bought by the children in America, as the John Williams, wasf bought by the children in England. This calls once a year to bring letters and take away those they have written. The first year she was there she did not hear a syllable from home all the time ! Occa sionally a whaler calls, but this is a very rare thing. They had to live upon plan tains, yams, and fruits of different kinds ; their ' stores were all brought by the Morning Star. On one occasion they were robbed of them all I A terrible loss, when they have to wait for months before the stock ean be renewed. Mrs. D is a beautiful pianiste, and plays an im mense deal of the best music from memory. We shall greatly miss her music when she goes. She is now going to Japan, but will not see her husband for nearly two yeara. She was obliged to leave the Carolines on account of her health, but her husband was well, and so felt com pelled to stay till his relief came. We have also heard a good deal about the Yosemite Valley from people who have visited it. This is the celebrated Cali fornian Valley, which we should have been so glad to visit if we had ?ad time. Only think, its principal waterfall is nine times deeper than Niagara ! To-day we have seen many flying fish — such graceful pretty crea tures. Some were mere babies, others looked as big as mackerel, and when their wings were gleaming silver white in the sunshine, they seemed to me like glorified sparrows ! A whale was polite enough to keep us company for some time, spouting around the vessel for hours, but it was only at long intervals that we caught sight of his broad brown back. 24fch. — Yesterday was a terrible day ; such a severe storm up to sunrise this morning that 1 got quite nervous. The ship groaned and creaked frightfully, and all night and day we were slipping and tumbling about, and every now and then a crash would announce some whole sale breakage. Neither captain nor chief officer was to be seen, and the ship ' lay to ' for so many hours that at noon to day we had only made 79 miles ; so we shall not, as we had fondly hoped, reach Japan to-day, and most probably not before to-morrow night. This morning, I am most thankful to say, the storm is over and gone, and save a swell on the sea, there is nothing to remind us of its ravages, for the stewards and boys are very busy in clearing up all reminders of its power. The night before last we had a capital evening's entertainment. It was a great success ; not a thing flagged, but all passed off with the greatest ease possible. Mr. M— — 's song was excel lent, and the tableaux vivants were first rate. We all laughed till we cried, and so did not notice the wind, which soon rose to a gale, and kept us awake and axious all the next night and day. During the 24 hours we only made 79 miles, instead of 230 or 250 ! 25th. — We have just been summoned on deck to catch a distant view of Japan, which stretches in a faint ghost-like outline on the horizon. We shall possibly anchor at about 5 p.m., and so shall go on shore ; but, unhappily, this storm will sadly curtail the length of time we shall spend in this interesting country ; still we hope to have time to visit Yeddo. {To be continued.) 