VICTORIA COURSING CLUB — THE WEST BOURKE STAKES. There was a very large attendance of the lovers of the leash at the Vineyard paddock, near Sun- 4- .. . r-i.. 2 : -...1 f i. bury, on June 24, to witness the trials for Mr. W". J. 'Clarke's Gold Cop. "The special train was weil patronised, and when Snuhury, tbe appointed rendezvous, was reached, there could not have been less than .400 persons present. No sboner bad the train deposited its freight than the rain, which had been threatening all the morning,- came down rather smoitly, and it was feared that tbe day's sport would be spoiled, Luckily, however, the weather was only showery, and the mild gale of wind that swept the face of the Bald-hill had the effect of drying one's clothes almost as soon as they had got wet. About three o'clock the gale abated, and the sun coming out the afternoon was very pleasant; The hares were in great abundance, but the unsettled weather and oleak Wind had. the effect of making tbem very wild, and constantly on tho move. Had the day been fine, with the number of hares there were in the paddock, the card would have been run through ; but as it was a very creditable day's work was done, there having been twenty- eight trials run off. The coursing was excellent, some of the contests being very exciting, those between Rifleman and Troubadour, Sandy and Faith, and Gipsey and Miss Walker, being especially well contested. Mr. Gardiner gaye every satisfaction as judge, while R. Banner, as UBnal, handled his dogs in an artistic. manner. The stewards, with the exception of an unpardon able error in being led astray from their regular beat, by which circumstance at least half-a-dozen hares were lost, may he complimented on the performance of their duties : and a special meed of praise is due to the slip- steward for ihe zealous manner in which he attended to his work. West Bourke Cup, for 64 all-aged greyhounds at 6 guineas each. Winner, £100 and a gold enp, valuo 60 guineas, presented by W. J, Clarke, Esq. Second dog, £60 ; two dogs, £25 each ; four dogs, £12 10s. each ; eight dogs, £6 each. Little Fraud beat . . Woodcock .'..,/ Ripplo ,, Irishman " . Boratta „ Her Grace- Abimeiecb „ Lady Jane : Firefly . Bellerophon. - . Seaweed . „ Highway. Neville - ' - ; Ebony- Day Dawn ; .Telegraph .;v. : Beppo ; v j : King Death " : .Linda- ' '////'»»./. Voltaire ; ! Bila v»' . ' Inverness- ' ' ' Demoniac- :-:- 7- ? My. Choice ./ Rifleman Troubadour ' . LadyAiidley.,. , . True Briton.. Gipsey-',''./"'. ; Miss Walker ' ' Coobler'1-':- -A iMOddWeh' ' Coquette.: .-.-i'-.:.. -7 :.<i i oiBip Van Winkle ' Glaneuse,'- ; /.'®be Queen - . , BunripV" ;-/ cv: V Cash ' . Lottie: v:/" HisMesty . Beacon:> y;uj' Maid of Gowrie , Hector, Becky Sharp .Faith..;,.',- ..." ... Sandy \- Yonng Britain . , . ' Royal Oak ' Jonadab r ' Cock of the Walk Jenny. Wren . Baucy — , Mirk . ; . ,, - Miscbiel Friendless „'. Brandy,. The following are the results of the trials After the paddockhad been traversed once a good hare was Btarted, and, the dogs .being . let go, Woodcock-showed slightly in advance, but Little Fraud speedily made up the lost ground, and led up by two lengths to the' hare, which she turned twice before the black dog got in.. An exchange or/two took place, but the little one was sot. to he denied, end she took possession of her hare and secured a succession' of brilliant turns, giving her opponent the go-bv several times. The black dog did not run as honestly as The Fraud; and the. only :bit of good work he did was at the end, when he gotin on sufferance. Little Fraud wound up her really excellent trial with a kill, and won. The spectators had a fine view of this course. The next pair of dogs placed in Banner's hands were Ripple and Irish man. Being let go to a long slip, Ripple led up and turned, and the hare getting a strong lead, the dogs Were stopped at : a fence. They then; disappeared over the hill, and Ripple was declared the winner of a very unsatisfactory trial. Baratta, the ' Oaks winner, led Her Grace up to a veiy strong: hare, and scored first turn; Her Grace got in arid placeu a couple of points to her credit, .hut Baratta came again and did some excellent work. The fence 'on the hill stopped the dogs, and the hare disappeared and sought' shelter in the vineyard.' Baratta was declared the winner. Lady JanS and Abimelech, the next brace of dogs, were let off on very even terms. The former raced up to her . hare and made a fine drive at puss. Abimelech, who was unsighted, came with a wet sail/ took charge of bis hare, which he dusted about mer rily, and won the trial with a number of points in hand.; Firefly and Bellerophon, two brindle dogs, were then placed in the slips. Firefly after a good bout with Bellerophon, in which she showed some good honest', work, was awarded the palm. Highway aiid Seaweed ran an .un decided to a very weak hare. " Neville did as he pleased with Ebony, leading up and doing nearly all the work in a short course. Telegraph was led by Day Dawn up to a very clever hare, which she turned and dnBted about very smartly, show ing some fine working powers. She scored point after point before Telegraph could get in. Mounting the hill, however, Telegraph , put in some good work, hut Day Dawn's dash was in disputable, and she gave the other dog the go-by several times, and won a very brilliant course; which ended in a kill. Highway and Seaweed were released from the slips for their undecided coarse. Seaweed led up, but neither dog reached the hare before it got to cover. The judge gave the" coufse as undecided. They weje placed in the slips ' again, and let away to a spanking hare, which proved, too good for the / dogs. Seaweed showed most foot, and led about four lengths to the hare, and turned twice before Highway could get in. Seaweed showed un doubted superiority and won. King Death and Beppo were despatched: on very even terms to a' strong hare. The former was quickest oh her legs, and scored firet turn, ..Beppo, however, warming, up, took possession of puss, and put in some good work, turning several times, and making a sue-, cession of fine drives. King Death, having got his wind again, came at the end, gave Beppo the go-by, and wound up the coarse with a kill of merit; but Beppo had scored too manv points at the outset to be wiped out, and the latter won a;good working trial. A long and well' con tested trial took place between Linda and Voltaire, who were let loose' to a fine hare. All the work was done out : of sight,' : bnt the judge gave his award in favor of Linda. Eila led Inverness up three or four lengths ; but the latter made up his ground befere the hare was reached, and turned first. Inverness re ceived a heavy fall, which made him lose so much gronnd, that he did not wipe out the points Eila had placed to her credit, Demoniac led My Choice, and turned the hare towards the latter,' who got is on sufferance. The red dog made up the lost, ground, gave My Choice the f go-bye, and won- with points in hand. After Rifleman and Troubadour had run an undecided, Ladv Audley and True Briton were placed in Banner? hands. Lady Audley never gave her opponent a ghost of a show, leading up and doing all the work in a long gruelling course. Great interest was centered in the next course, between Miss Walker and Gipsey. . Miss Walker showed moat speed up to a very fast' hare, which she took in hand, and troubled very much; but Gipsey's pluck and stamina pronounced themselves, ana she wiped off all the points in in a wondertul manner, and won & really fine trial. Rifleman led Troubadour up to his hare, which favored tlm latter, who seemed to have puss well ; in hand. Rifleman then came again, and for the ' | rest of the course exhibited both speed' mS food working po were, which were not surpassed y any dog dnring the day. Rifleman won a very long and hard trial by 12 or 13 poihtaJ Odd Fish and Cobbler ran a no go, the formes getting unsighted. On being put in the slips again Cobbler led np, and' the hare serving OatE Fish the latter took her in hand, and did all tha rest of the work, winning as he liked; ending his goo'd trial with a kill, his pace and working power being very fine. The conree between Rip Van Winkle ana Coquette ended in a victory fos the latter. Rip showed the best working powers in the early part of the trial, and placed a great number of pointB to his credit ; the fawn dog came at the finish, and the judge thought the latter entitled to the course, as hq did not run evenly or . honestly. Glan euse went out of . the slips at a great bat,' leading the Queen by - many lengths, turning once and wrenching several times. The Queen thenfgot in and placed a point or two to her credit but it was only on .sufferance, and Glaneusa came to the fore and won her trial very easily Cash lead hp, but the hare favoring Bnnyip, the latter scored first turn. A few very nice ex changes took place, but Bnnyip proved Cash's master in a fair trial. Lottie led HiB Majesty up, Iffie latter getting the lead. She, however,' got first turn, served herself, and led ont of sight, driving her hare weD. Lottie won -with any amount m hand. Maid of Gowrie ran very wide from the slips, but scored first tum ; the Beacon - got in, and placed himself - level with the Maid, who, however, Bhowed great foot, and gave Beacon .the go-by. When running strongly , she fell;' allowing Beacoa to have sole possession of the bare; which ha wrenched several times. He did some very nicq work, . and beat the Maid, whoso defeat may principally he. ascribed to her running so vhde at - her turns.- Beoky: Sharp and Hector ran an un« derided, after which Sandy and Faith were put in the slips, and being let awajy to a good close slip,' rah up to their hare as if coupled. They both made a drive at -the hare together, ana the judge took off his hat for another undecided.' Young Britain and Royal Oak next faced the public gaze. / After a splendid trial, in which each dog ;' at times showed to the fore, ' both worked well ; but Young Britain coming at ths end, dusted his- hare about in fine style, and wound np his course with a 'kill and victory.' Hector and Becky Sharp then ran an undecideaj' the former having little or no difficulty in settling the pretensions of Becky,. , Sandy and FaitS were afterwards slipped to a grand hare to deter mine their undecided course. Sandy led Faith up three or four lengths, and turned his hare neat the fence, . aUowing Faith to escort puss, which was a regular flyer. They then went out of sight, and when they appeared to' view Faith was in commend, ana scored several points before she let Sandy in. The latter part of the coarse was not seen,- owing to the hare going among a lot o£ sheep. Faith won a long and severe course by a couple of points. Jonadab and Cock of the Walk were slipped to a regular, sneezer. It was a very hollow affair ; Jonadab had it all his own way, tha other dog not being able to lire with him. Jona dab had along and severe course solus, but the hard was too clever for him single-handed and escaped Jennv Wren and Saucy ran an undecided, and then Mirk and Mischief, the" Gold Cup winner' of last year, were placed in the slipper's hands, and£ contrary to all expectation, the. former won rathes easily. Friendless beat Brandy in a short trial,' and this day's' sport was put an end to by dark ness setting in, "r 