General News. 4 The barque Hparrowhawk has been sold for £3,500. It is proposed to establish a school of cookery in Edinburgh. The wreck of the British Admiral, on King's Island, has been sold for i;70. Two new kerosene springs have been discovered near Poverty Hay, New Zealand. The Ben Nevis is ashore at Newcastle Two men are supposed to have been drowned. The River Murray has again risen at Echuca higher than in the year of the great flood. On Friday afternoon a miner, named William Kean, was killed by a fall of earth at East Kapunda. Ceo. Crowlher. a convict working at the dock pier at Williamsfown, Las been killed by the breaking of the crane. The Ki vers Murray and Campaspe at Fehuca have so risen as to cut off communication with the township. Jirond. A rron- has reason to believe that it is proposed to abolish the rank of sub-lieutenant in^^i army. The; Chief Justice of Utah ("Mr. M'Kean), who took a prominent part in the raid' against Mormonisin, has been removed. In Melbourne a day or two since a child fell out of a window a distance of 20 feet, and sustained a fracture of (he skull. The first section of the Ceraldton-Northampfon Railway, Western Australia, will be opened about the 1st January next. A published report shows that there are 1,G53 aborigines in Victoria settled on six sections under the Aborigines' Board. A Quaker in Guernsey lias just been released from a short term of imprisonment for refusing to serve in 1he local militia. Laic Fijian news states that on some islands the measles is stH! raging. At Kandavau 2,500 out of 7.000 aborigines have died. The Lachlan River is full, the flood waters being higher than in the year 1872. Communication on all sides is stopped except bv boats. The following sums in aid of the Gothenburg fund have been received from England: —Mr. 'J'- Graves, £25 ; !Sir Charles Cooper, £20. The barque Day Dawn has made the passage from Port Adelaide to Sydney in four and a half days, which is the quickest run on record. Professor H: in son, the newly-appointed occupant of the Mathematical Chair of the Melbourne University, is a passenger by the St. Osyth. The Barrnba Farm, of about 2,500 acres, lately owned by Mr. C. B. Fisher.' has been purchased by Mr. T. Cowan, M. P for £8,000. The Murray is still rising at Echuca. All the flats for miles round are covered with wafer, and the people a e making preparations fo escape. M. Thiers is busy on a history of. art, in which he illustrates his pet tlieoiy that 'the history of a people can be read by their works of art. Two clothing manufacturers in Melbourne have been fined £10 each and costs for breach of the Factories Act defective ventilation. ^ India-rubber is not, likely soon fo be scarce. Caoutchouc has been discovered in another plant, a creeper which grows freely in the forests of Burmah. The amount of the verdict—£1 ],000 agreed upon in the case of Dal wood v. Blackmore, hns been paid over to the plaintiff's solicitors. The manufacture of the Manser rifle, it is stale-', has ma/lc sufficient progress to allow of the whole Cermanarmy being shortly provided with the weapon. The ship Result has gone ashore inside Nelson Heads. The Grafton, steamer in attempting to get her out, shipped a heavy sea, which injured two of her seamen. The Rev. Charles Clark has been asked to lecture on behalf of the Tichborne Claimant and was promised the use of fresh documents bearing upon the C;LSC, but he declined. Mr. Anthony Trollope is staging at his son's slation, near Grenfell, and conle7n plates embarking in squatting enterprises himself somewhere in the Wagga direction. A Belgian professor, M. Meneteier, has just published a scientific work in which he declares the weight of the earth to be about 5,000.000.(>00,00'i.()00,000.000 tons. The Adelaide butchers have airain to obtain supplies of meat from Melbourne to meet the wants of their becf-eafing customers. From 40 to 50 qrs. arrived in one shipment. The Beautiful Star, bound from London to Adelaide, u :ls spoken on May 12. The sleainer Pioneer, trading between Sydney and Woollongong. is ashore in South Bolrmv Bay. Lord Radstock has again left England for Sf. Petersburg, (o undertake another series of 1 he religious services in that capital which excited so much attention there a v«-ar or so ago, A Lancaster paper states that n Hindlev collier, for a bet. of a gallon of beer, ate a pint cup full of black beetles, which were obtained for (lie purpose from a neighboring bakehouse. Owing to the great prevalence of measles and some cases of typhoid fever being amongst the children, the Ararat State school has beon closed for the past thn weeks. A Canadian contemporary thus testifies to the value of advertising :—" While a compositor of this journal was set ting up an advert iscineut for a lost, canary the* bird flew in at the office window." Although Mr. Spurgeon in his first sermon preached at the Metropolitan Tabernacle since his return ,/ave a -oi l. of tacit adhesion to I ho Moody and Sankey movement, if is understood that he is not very enthusiastic about it. The ghost of Noah Webster came fo a spiritual medium in Alabama, not long since am ' wrote on a slip of paper: "It "is tile' times." Noah was right, but we are ton y fo see he h:is gone bark on his dictionary. —Sun -J<\ uitriscii Ni-.irsh-.tter. The Legislative Council of Queensland have passed the second reading of the Payment of Members' Bill by a majority or two. In committee they negatived the clause providing for a salary of £200 a year, and only allowed traveling expenses. As showing the depreciafion of the value of property in some portions of Geelong. two stone houses in Yarra-street, which twenty years ago were creeled at a cost of £14,00(1, were knocked down to Mr. Simpson, manager of the Union Bank for £1400. The Sf. Osyth, one ol the Cape line of sf.earners lias arrived at Melbourne, altera passage of under 4 5 days, including a stay of 27 hours at St. Vincent. This is the fastest passage recorded by this route, and f he actual time under steam was less than 4 3 days. From the returns prepared by the various Shire Council officers on the Murray Border districts of Victoria, it is ascertained that 400 tons of tobacco leaf have been grown in the luetic in i/,,,, last year. This at, say, 8d. per lb., would yield the handsome figure of £2!l,8<;i', 13S. 4 d. \- In Victoria the typhoid fever seems to be following in the track of the measles. One of the wardsinen at Ararat hospital has died of it, and it is reported to be very prevalent at Climes. At Coleraine, four children in the family .if Mr. Angus Shaw, have died of typhus, within the space of ten .Judge Dunne, of Victoria, in charged with faking his seat on the bench at Maryborough when unfit to do so by the use of stimulants An enquiry will have to be made info the charge. Meantime it is said on behalf of the Judge that he was suffering from influenza atid congestion of f he left lung, and is now too ill to attend to any duty. The Manx Legislature lias thrown out a bill which proposed fo so change the existing law as to permit intoxicating drinks to be sold at jail way refreshment, room a on Sunday within limited hours to hoiui Jidr. travellers. The bill had caused pre at, excitement throughout the island, ami petitions signed by 700 persons were presented against it. According to the Liverpool police returns for the year ending at Michelnms, 1874, no fewer than 20,3:10 persons were in that year proceeded against for being drunk, or drunk and disorderly, and all but lo50 of that number were convicled. In the preceding year the number proceeded against was 18,038, and in the year before that it wLs 10,'J 27. . The billowing terrible tale of suffering, desfitution,- and death is fold by the liaUnvai Krm'i-iiij J'uxt. of .June 10 :—" A deplorable case of sickness and poverty has been met with near Sebastopol by Mr. Hosking, the town missionary. In a little room lay an old man with no covering—(lying from cancer in the mouth—with no one to attend to his wants, and nothing in the house to eat. On the floor lay his wife, cold, ill, and cheerless, all the neighbors shunning the house in consequence of the offensive breath of the dying man. Mr. Hosking procured what relief he could, but. aid arrived too late, for the poor woman died last evening, and now the old man lies alone in the house with the corpse of his wife." A very superior bed of coal has been discovered in the province of Rio Grande do Sul by the manager of the San Jeionymo Coal Mines. The coal is alleged to be quite equal to the best English qualities. Orders have been taken foi the verification of this report, and ft is clear that the findmg of such first- class coal would be of immense profit to Hray.il. The aggregate number of Catholic clergy who are at present, or have been, imprisoned in Ihcarchbishopric, of Posen and Cneaen for violating the Mav laws is seventy- nine. Among them are one archbishop, two canons, twenty-nine deans, live provosts, one administrator, onegunrdian.and thirty-nine vicars. From the province of Posen and its districts t wenty-eight priests have been hanisiicd. The Paris papers announce the arrival of a new phenomenon in the shape of a veritable Cyclop ; that is to say, to those uninitiated in mythology, a gentlemen with only one eye, and that in the middle of the forehead. He does not hail from Mount Etna, but Australia, and bears the unelassical name of Piper Wilson, aged twenty-two years. Se,ab in sheep is reporfed as increasing in New Zealand. It has obtained a firm hold in the province of Nels .n, and among the sheep belonging to the Maoris «/ii the east coast. In this direction the scab has lately extended itself to a clean Hock on the coast south of 'J'okomaru, and owned by a European. How the disease was communicated is not positively known. On Thursday evening, a boy named August Jvrefschmer was, with other boy.-;, tinkeftling a wedding parly at Bluniberg, when he loaded a gun, infcmling to lire it off, with six inches of powder secured by a cork. The result was that, on being lired, the gun burst, and shattered the lad's right hand so severely that it had to be amputated. A fatal accident occurred at Mr. Clunas's Mount Cole saw-mills. Ararat, on Friday evening last. A little girl of about five years of age was playing beside the millgear, picking up some pieces of wood, when the band wlii- h works t ,e machinery caught her hair, dragging her head between it and the barrel on which it worked, crushing the little thing's head terribly. She was extricated as soon as possible, but died in two hours after. A little boy named Alfred Matthews lias died in the Sandhurst Hospital, from an extensive compound fracture of the skull, caused by falling down the shaft of the North Johnson's Gold Mining Company. California (billy, a depth of 150 feet. The poor little fellow had been playing about the top of the shaft during the afternoon, and, whilst walking on a plank which was across the mouth of it, the plank gave way, precipitating him down to the bottom. At. the funeral or Mrs. Rose Gollaghy. Mullabawn. near Forkhill, Newry, a quarrel broke the properly the deceased had left,. On the way to the graveyard the coffin was laid down, and tin; relatives fought for the cows and pigs. Several of the parties received severe injuries. After the fight the coffin was lifted and carried a little further, but before the graveyard could lie reached another light took place. The corpse was ultimately buried without any religious ceremony. The Lobetha! tweed factory having turned ' out the necessary ten thousand yards ol tweed to entitle the Company to the bonus of i'2000 voted by Parliament, an application has been Henl in fo the Government for ! that amount. Thus it is that whilst an unimportant, industry is supported by a ! Government grant, the mining industry which is one of the principal mainsLays of the province, is heavily handicapped by fines. Such is the " statesmanship " of South Australia. A man who was noted for always having pigs which fattened easily, gave the follow" ing as the secret of his success :- 1 always choose good-natured pigs. Those; that., when they eat, are constantly running from one trough to another, and knocking their snouts againsL the next pig, 1 sell to my neighbors, who don't know better than to buy such troublesome animals, while my contented pigs get fat.' 7 'Phis is only putting info useful practice the old proverb, Laugh and grow fat." Rather an amusing incident has occurred in New Zealand in connection with the loss of the steamer Schiller. When the intelligence of the loss of the steamer was published, 1hc Wmlctih) Tinn-.x came out in mourning for the supposed Jcath of the Hon. William Fov, and also published a flattering notice of bfs political career. This notice, remarks the .S nut ham Cross, will no denbt be read with interest by Mr Foxhims-Jf, after 1 J is return fo the colony, the fact being that Mr. Fox intended to stay some months in the States, and deliver some lectures on his favorite topic of temperance. According to the Mnri/haroiu/k Adrt rl\xrr the "end has come." Our contemporary asks:—What mean these incessant, throes I and tremors of the crust of the globe, this overthrow in rapid sequence of populous city sifter another, this unparalleled succession of calamities and disasters by sea and land, this abnormal disturbance of the atmosphere, these tires that wrap vast tracts of country in an overwhelming and irresistible; sheet of flame, these droughts and floods, these famines, these unexampled pestilences, and these devouring hordes of insect, ravages ? Should they not show us that the balance of nature has been utterly destroyed by our disobe- ' dicnce, that, we have devastated and wasted the garden, which was committed us to keep and to till, and that we are on the eve of the great change when old things shall pass away, and all things become new, and when there shall be a new heaven and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." Late news from Fiji is very sad. The accounts represent that one-third of the population has been swept away by the epidemic of the measles that has run through the islands like wihl-fire, and this means a loss of about 50,000 souls. And though the proportion seems great,, we must remember that it is no m re than Gibbon and other historians unite in describing as the death-rate of the plagues that devastated the world in the centuries immediately before and after the Christian era. The life of man in his semi-barbaric state—the filth of his huts, and the dirtiness of his person—renders him an easy rictiin, besides which a disease is always more fatal t^i a race when it is first introduced than it is ever afterwards. Thus the first outbreak of cholera in Europe was more terrible in its effects than any one since. Lcvuka has been deserted by the natives and has been partially threatened by famine through the loss of local supplies. And curiously enough, though very naturally, the cannibal mountain tribes, who h:ul just embraced Christianity, have in their flight and terror driven out. the missionaries and gone back to their idols ! The Fiji Tiwc.s remarks —" As may be easily imagined, many of the details of the progress of the disease in the native towns are very sickening ; in many cases the pest-stricken natives being entiiely neglected by their relations and friends cither through inability to assist in consequence of whole families being stricken at the same time, or through fear of catching the dysentery, which, in nine cases out of ten, sets in after the measles have left the patient." 