(From the Prlsbane.TelegrcpA.) j.-,; mel'nntjntte. aiiytififc 1. O'Ferrall lias received nn additional scntcnco of three years. IIo mndo a long Btutomcht in mitigation of his sentence, nnd detailed tho Bufferings lio wont thrauqrh when ovadinar arrest. On one occasion, when lighting a lire on an island on -which ho was concealed, the wliolo iriaud caught fire, and ho found' himself in tho dilemma of either giving himself up to (lentil on nn IhIiiikI or tlriftinir ottfc to son. 17V» nccoptcd tho latter nltcruutivo; and drifted about many days with only a loaf of broad and a bottlo of giu The Age, which is the organ of tho Protec tionists, snya that tlio Opposition will support any Ministry proposing a budget, wliioh shall embody the following policy : — That new duties shnH bc imposed whenever necessary for the benefit of local industries. Tlint tho twenty-live per cent, list which Mr. Servico proposed to reduce to fifteen por coot, should remain iutact. That duties now levied on a largo uiimher.-of articles, and which are not of a protective chtiraoter, shall ho remitted altogether. That tho dutias to. be remitted ou- these articles ahull amount lo tlio full extent pro posed by Mr. Servico— namely, £230,900. ! That the amount of tlio defiuionoy so created shall be mado good by a proporty tax. and tlmt every assist mice shall lie givoti to carry through such it budget, witli tho least possiblo delay. Tasmania, July 28. Parliament was openpd on , Tuesday, tho Govemor'i speech boing joongrutulutory on tho stato of tho colony. . . . , j Mr. GilUbrimd gavo notico of a motion "dis approving <if tho principles' of' tlid'reenustrno- tion of the University. Mail Notice. — Mails for! Gladstone, Mary borough, nnd Brisbnuo,, por Lady Yoniig, will oloso at. the Post-oilier, this ovoniug, ns fol lows: — For roeistored letters nt si. ni,<l fnr ordinary letters at eight. > Prisoners on Sentence.— By -tho Tinoneo, which urrived yesterday, tlie following prisoners were brought down under short soiitcuco of im prisonment in Rocklmiiipton Gaol :— Georgo Hamilton MeLoven, from Mackay, sentenced to ono months' imprisonment for absconding from1 , hired servico ; Bernardo Benedetto, front Towns- vilio, sentenced to four months' imprisonment for vagrancy ; and John Uurrau, from Bowoa ion a similar charge, sentenced to six months1 inprisonmout. Custom's Revenue. — The rocoipts nt Hor Majesty's Customs for tho week ending August 7, nmountod'to £1031 17s. 8d. , , ' Drunkenness. — Two mohriatcs camo hofore tho Poliuo Magistrate on Saturday morning, one of"whpinj'n now- arrivnlfwas-nlso ohnrgoLwith riotous conduot at tho Immigration Depot on the previous ovoniug, hut on tlio plea that he iTus on joy ing_ hiuisql f a littlo boforo leaving for liiiTaituutfon, lioj anif nfi6' luscoTn pani'bn in tlio dook, yvoro diseliurgod- niith a!.oa.utipij;;;jri A Distinguished Trio. — Tliroo prisoners l will figure iiij,tho.(Tock:iitHho ljpliep ,, Court Uiis: morning— viz'. ,11 xtelograph clerk; fi "draper's assistant, mid n bluokfoUow wllo' hns n decided penchant tor finery . - iTli'd first1 is'Cargill, who nrrived from Gladstone yestorday ln .olmrgo-of Constable .Joiner, nnd| wlip; having "boon 'brought ns far ns tlio "UppcV Flats hy tho'Liidy Yoniig, reached tho Wliarf; iu the Bronzoiving. Tlie draper's assistant is namod jSiiinhiir„.who 'has been employed in two pf thqdrapory establishments in town, but lias boon, idlo for a wcolt or so. Ho is olnirged . with having steleri a sum of money from ii! !Mr." Roberts who is staying at; ono of tho , hotels.-, lio, is alleged to havo stated that' lio had " received somo inonoy from 'England1, ' His: moveinonts wore closely watched , ; by ; Constable .Petov- Turnor, who it will bo remembered, secured tho. arrest of Cargill ; 111 tlio .present ouse, however, tlio nrrosb'w.as ir.udo by Coustiible Hiucli. ;Tbe hlaukfellow is a notorious, oharrtatur, known.by, the niuho of Henry e Wallace, who lias becni several tinics convicted ' for Iiireeny, nnd . who has boon out' of/gnol .only a foiv 'dnysi- nftcr " doing," a sentehco of. six prbsoyOii ihoiitlis. IIo is a liativo of New South Wales,,. and so'omS to havo' a weiiknosB -for fine clothes,,, ns liis peccadillos usually lie in that direotiou. uJTo is. , now oh'.irgid'witli stoaling a" pair of-< troiisors and a vest belonging to a resident in Bulsovcr- . street. , 'i,u . . , e Supply. — Tho' following items 'in tho Esti mates liiivo 'bedn'ipnBscd iii' tho'Assenibly : — Roekhmnptou : Liinatib Reception Houso—: 'suporiiitondbnt, . £80, wnrdsnmh', £75 matron, £20. Uh«Htahl6.!alloivniieo;iiThid'6f'Ho'spitul, £2000 ; medibnl ofliepr (including vnccination aiid mcdical nttendaiioo oil gaols, immigrants, police, lock hospitals, und- aborigines), £300 ; Non-vested schools (included iu tho geueral voto for educntional'.purposos), £000.' ' , ' The Non-Vested 'Soiiools. — Mr. Lennox,' a "highly certificated tbneherfrora lirisbanc, arrived in town by tho Lady Young oii Saturduy after noon. Ho has boon appointed to tlio head - innstersliip of tho boys' non-vostod schools hero, and bears a vory high character: for pro- fieioney nnd ability us a tcaoher.' > JLul(UvJii-ih'M L lllo lUUill IIUI U Us lillU bllU winner of tlio Hiindioap aud tho Publieans1 Purao nt tlio Ghidstono race meeting,' returned to town ou Saturday by tho Lady Young, lib will start( for Clermont to-day or to-murrow, proeoodirig as far as Rooky by train." Ho np-'- ,. pears, to bo in good .condition,,.. ,. - , Illness ' op toe Governor. — Wo learn from ; tho D. D: Gazette tluit His Excellency tho Go vernor has been compelled, through ill health, to decline luyiiig tho foundation stone of the Toowoomba Grammar School, , nnd that in a letter to .the; Holt; J nines, Taylor ho says: — "Although Toowoomba, Ipswich, tho Northern -trip, nnd other, kiinilnr. projects, have been long iii pleasant anticipation, I . must give, up some of ihcin, und put i ff, I fenr, tho rest until my heiilili tells mo that I um fit to move freely about, or, in faot, uutil my liutivo qnei'gy re turns." His Excellency, is suffering frbiu iu- 'iluonzn. ' - . . , . . An Awkward Tumble.— A milk lioy in the employ of Mr. 'Cndwniliider, of tho' Crbsceiil Dairy, mut willi an alnrmipg uoeidout oil Saliir- , day afternoon. Fortunately, tho results were not bo' serious ns might have beou expoeted. Ho was 'making his rounds oil an1 old , entire, and had, aftor pnssing tho Benovolcnt Asylum, gone through a vncnnt nllptmont aud crossed tho ivnt: r-tablo in Bolsoyor- strobt,' wlion the animal tripped nt a. riso.in the roiui, nnd fell on his liners, tlicn ou. liis nose, ami finally performed a w'oll-oxeoiited. somersault, after which ho lay for.a few seconds on liis back, witli bis feet m'J tlie air, nnd tho boy underneath, 'l'lion ho rolled off, got on his . pins again, shook himself, nud looked enquir ingly around, as if in doubt as to how it had liupponcd. The lad. was carried into Mr. R. Sharpies' l'esidonco, tind examined by Dr. Onl- lnRbanj who happened to-be pnssing at tlio timo. nub lind witnessed llio'iiccident. It was found that he bail sustained no serions injury, nnd tlmt lie had, csbnpbd— nluiost iby a miracle — with a few contusions on tho , hoed. and . o o of his arms. After. lying on the sofa for iinit- nn-hour, lie roiiiotin'tbd the' horse' nnd finished his round, only a Binnll' qniiulity of tho lacteal product having made its osoapo. The mishap is owing, doubtless to tlio incapacity of .liio! horso, anil bIiows the danger .of optrustiug life and limb to old seriibbers." . , Testimonial.— Tho employes' of the Daily Northern Arqus met on Saturday .afternoon to pay a tribute of respect .to Mr. James : M'Clollmid, foreman of . tlio printing dopart- ineiit, on' tho cvo of liis departure for Ohhvters Towers. Mr. Phillips took tho chair, and offered a, few woll-ohosoii remarks expressive of the i'uspbbt , und ostpom in wliioh' Air. M'ClcUand was held, and .wisliiug him' sucooss in his now : sphere. .Glasses, having been olinrged, tho company drank a' bumper to tho licaltii and ,'prospority of their guest. Senti ment : " May his .shadow novel' grow loss." Song: " Foi'hb's a jolly good follow." Tho chuirmuu, iu tho 1 hume of tho oinploycs, then prosciited Air. Al'CicHund with nn elegunt silve'r'tea service, tho teapot bearing tho follow ing inscription, 'engraved by . Air. Kingcl : " Presented to 'AL.1 James Al'Olollniid by' tho cmployds Daily Northern, Anaus, August, 1875." Mr. Al'Ulellaud, who was greatly affected, returned ; thanks for the: handsome testimonial, regretting, at tlio samo time, Having to leave old friends ' Behind, : and' break up lpng- elictishcd 1 associations. Wo may stato .that Air. M.Clclluad has beau , connected with the Northern . Anqus for ovor . cloven years, and ...tliut .during that period ho lias gained tlio esteem and. good-will of iill with wiiom ho had nny dealing's. 1 An Attemwed Escape. Wo are informed that Hoiiry Cargill, who was recently1 arrested at Gladstone on a charge of attempted forgory, was very near, effecting his eseupo from' custody iiy 'a . very elisvqi' ruse. Tlio euiprit feigned madness, and stripped himself stiirk' naked in liis cell, arranging liis ulotlios iu a oornor of it so as to look liko a liiimnii boing, and then shouting to tlio tnriikey that thoro wasi li ghost in with him. Ho- suddoeddd iu nttruotiug tlio attention of his keeper; who oaino untl opened tlio door, and.' observing ths .ohjeot in tlio fur corner of tho cell walked to it, when off bolts tlio prisoner who succeeded in putting half a .niilo botweon himself nud tlio I giiol ivitliout u nig of olothing upon him, but wus tripped up at last by a low fonce. , This! was tlio opportu nity for tlio polico who again scoured him— this timo in irons— aud brought liim back to dui'iiiioo vilo. Ho urrived on Saturduy by tlio Lady Young, and will in ull probability ho brought before the Court this morning. Railway Labor. — In a Into paragraph upon Mils mattor yra stated .that Dr. Salmond had' telegraphed to tho Foreman of "Works, nt tho Rouky, to know how many-, men ho required from tho Lady Douglas' immigrants, nnd tlmt he rooeivo-J n ...reply Htatingtlyitiyork oould only bo found for nine. Since this, .lioworor, , wo'linvo boeii rpquqstod to state, that a!obntrnq- tor, nt Sharplo's Crook, is, and has boon willing ' lo'ongago thirty-hands if ho can got thom, and' - that our ittfor.uation.wiuoorroqtiiaSjtq' there boing! only .nino oog.tgod. . Wo .still, adhere to... ;oar original statoinont whiqh iscorrcut iu ovory partioular, us Dr. Siilinond oaii yoiioh furl Tho iaborila here, uiid thorb is no' posfibld oxou'sb for its not boing used ' on < tho' Lino',1 uiilbss) tho Engincor-in-.Ghiofioaa' muster a tbousand inoij, . tlio vory least numberi that ovor., should have boon employed oil tlio Extension, and not a man .nioro thun1, Air.' Bali.'ird' requires. ' If tlii\ U iibt- "tlio son'soii to'put on ovory hiiridi!that eiin bo gee, woquouiu i nro. cq icnow-jyiiai; is. , 