THE SPECTRE OF THE BLACK SWAMP.—AN OVERLANDEJLt'S \- STORY. " (Australian Journal.) , t, (continued.) And so, aftersotne: weeks of.anxious1 and ^untiring search, wo gave it up, "nild loft (hp fate of John \\\rnrfield! and his bnldiface'd ' cob' shrouded in; mystery." Mike had been ns diligent in tho search ns .myself, and' vre. both - returned;to the ]3ox -Vorost homestead in a somewhat gloomy frame of mind ; nt least, this wns; iny state, for. I esteomed poor Warfield highly. . But Mike's troubles wero .not ended; Immediately en his arrival ho was confronted with another disappearancefptbe.' disappearance of :hia *yifo.. There was, however, no very great : amount mystery connected with -this latter event, as tho lady in question had been observed to saddle up her horse on tho morning of her disappearance, and had further, as the unfortunate Mike discovered,,conveyed: away .(heir most valuable' portable effects. Some of the station hands connected her departure with the simultaneous disappearance of the boundary rider, and they further sug gested—by way of substantiating (heir theory—that: heiv ladyship had suc cumbed to the blandishments of the boundary-man,: by way of consoling bersolf foi; the absence of her liege lord; Hut remernberintr tho manner ill wliicti Warfield's name had boon as sociated witli that of Ibis woman, tlio probability occurred to me of her bar ing joined Warfield somewhere, in ac cordance with some preeoncorted plan, and that the pair of tiiera had gonoofif together; and I straightway mentioned this suspicion to the manager. But be shook bis bead tit it. ' Warfield,' said ho, 'would be the last man to noglect his duty in that way. He would nevor leave the cattle 011 the road, as has bcon dono in this case. If the cattlo bad been safely landed, I should not doubt it in tho least; but, as affairs stand, I say no, decidedly no. And,' continued tho manager, 'there iH another Ihing to be taken into consideration, and that is, that tho station is indebted to Warfield in a couple of hundred pounds.' But. notwithstanding this opinion, a lurking suspicion of the correctness of my idea still possessed mo. I have already stated that Mike was generally disliked, and oven distrusted; and more than . one of the station bands—with that blunt nncoutbness which1 charac terises certain of their class—exhibited n most marked and vory significant hostility towards him, and indeed; in a goueral way, declared as nlainlv as mere deportment could declare, that they suspected Miko of foul piny in tbo matter of Warfield's disappearance. Miko, in a certain way, was by no means deficient in perceptive faculties, and lie very naturally cowered under the unspoken, but none the less terrible, imputation, and somewhat abruptly announced his intention of quitting the station. For my part I honestly pitied tho man., Circumstances had placed him , vory awkwardly, from :tUe start, and the mingled dish'oss and' chagrin ho exhibited on learning his wife's flight Would have dxcited commiseration in the breast of a: savage,' and • I folt quite glad of a discovery' which he rnadej and which went' a'long way to confirm my theory that Warfield: had eloped with his wife. The discovery was simply a portion of a letter; \yhich Aliko -Baid -ho -)jaJ': fuuHCl'rlu'i"lJl8 lltit. The letter was in the unmistakable writing of Warfield, and was clearly, a proposal of elopemeut' to' Mike's wifo'. Tho greater, portionof;the letter had boon'., torn off,' and. jvhat roinaiued re vealed nothing further than—as I say —the mere' proposal'of elopemen t; As my original' supposition had beeu ol ready, circulated amongst the station bauds, the discoveryof this fragment which hoi- ladyship had iucautiously left behind her, sorved'in a great measure to convert them' to my ,theory, aiid we oil—with the exception of the manager -rrexpeeted. to., hear again of John Warfield. But Miko still adbored to his .resolution of;leaving, the station, and be left accordingly. My business, too, with ilia Box ^Forest' station was now concluded, and I also loft, after having received: a- promise from the manager that,' in the event of Warfield applying for" Uis mouey,' I sb'ould' tie. apprised of the fact. I . ; • * ■* * • , ,i» .. #' Many years had now elapsed since the mystorious disappearances of John Warfield, and not the slightest tidings had been heard of him. During the whole of this time I bad been in a're mote part of the country, and now found myself with a. small mob of cattle in hand intended lor a Southern destination. Before I could start it would bo necessary to procure an ad dit'onal hand to assist in their trans port. Iwasassistod'in this matter by the equiitter from whom I had purchased. There was a shepherd, he said, on the station who had been accustomed to droving, find with whose services 'be was about to dispense. I, therefore, in company with the, squatte!', set out to interview this man. 'I must tell you,' said: the squatter, as we rode along, 'that there is somothiug peculiar about him. Whouevor he sees a horseman approaching ho im mediately falls down upou his kneos and commences to toll bis beads. That's nil I know about it, and there does not appear to bo much harm in it. Every man, they say, is eccentric upon some particular point, but this Bhepherd of mine is clearly a maniac as regards this little matter.', The singular infor mation of tho squatter was almost im. mediately after confirmed. No sooner did the shepherd sees us approaching thnn ho was down upon his knees prayiug with apparently great fervour. Ho was very palo, aud appeared very much agitatod as we drove up, and wo natural ly'recogniaed each other. Ho was my old acquaintance, 'Miko,' of tho Box Forest station. I briefly stated my object, and offered him liberal pay for his sorvicos. He in quired the destination of tho cattle, conned ovor tho routo to be taken, ami finally accepted the situation. I loitered< for a few moments in his com .pany, hoping he would refer, in somo way, to tho missing Warfield, or to his own fugitive wife, but ho referred to neither, and curious as I was to ascer tain if my old suspicion was correct, I refrained broaching tho subject, as I feared to awakon unpleasant romini sconces in tho old man's mind. Wo effected a good start tho following morning, and continued our journey without anything worth mentioning transpiring until tlireo-parts of tho way had been covored, when, from in formation receivod rolativo to tho stnto of tho aattlu market, I ruBolved to alter our destination. As Miko appeared to bo well contented with bis billet, aud as I bad engagod to pay his expenses back to our startiug1 .point, I did not deem it accessary to inform liiin of the alteration of our destination, and lie did not appeal' to discover it himsoll until we wore ■within 0110 day's stagoof the Black Swamp, and then ho rodo up to rao, arid in a soinowhat flurried man ner, inquired if wo hadn't got out of out' course. I explained the alteration of our destination, but Miko didn't at nil appear to relish the prospect of camping on the Black Swamp. It was there where bo had lost Warfield, and I could readily understand the man's objection to the spot, which was very natural. But, for all that, i lind no in clination to bo left ou tlio road, single handed, with a mob of cattle. So, in roply to his request, I plainly an nounced ray determination not to re lease hira by any means from his engagement. But lie didn't like the prospect at all. Indeed, lie appeared to bo quite frightened, nnd it was only by sheer dint of moral, force that I ultimately overcauio his reluctance. It was about mid-day, when a man who had charge of a large mob in our rear rode up to us. Mike went/ahead with tho cattle, whilst I stayed behind to converso with this man. ..'I'm coming up,! he said, ' a few days' stage behind, with eight hundred head, and seeing your tracks ahead of us, I just rode up to let you know. Wo must be careful not to box the mobs. There's no draft ing yards within a hundred miles, and a cutting-out match on those plains will I bo the dovil's own job, especially as I'm short-handed.' I explained that wo only had about eighty head, but admitted the advisability of avoiding a box. 'You'll bo on tho Swamp to night.'continued ho, 'and the mob is bound to break off, you know. So, if you pitch your own quaruby on this side, you might manage to let them break away ahead. If they come back upon us with any sort of a rumpus, they'll rise our mob as sure as fato.V 'Why is our mob hound to break?' I asked. ' Why, don't you know ? The Black Swamp is one of those con founded haunted camps. You can't have been long on this trail, or surely you would have known that.' I ex plained that I was not rognlarly in the trade. 'But what's tho camp haunted with ?' 'Well, they say a lald-faccd cob and headless rider rises every mob that camps there.' 'Well, but surely you.don't mean to eay that you believe in such an absurdity ?' 'Woll,' he answered, 'you seolbavo never camped there yet, and so I shan't say much about it. You'll be there to-night, and I'll be there to-morrow, and bo we'll' both bo bettor able to talk about it afterwards. Eut I've a private opinion that the bald-faced cob nnd headless rider is nothing.moro than a will-o'-the wisp.' 'If the cattlo won't stay on the camp,' said I, 'why camp there at all?' ' At this time o' year wo can't help it. There's no water for a day's stage on either side. I,' continued tho drover, 'attach far more importarico to this af fair than you appear to think it worth. But thoro never was a. mob camped there, that '.I've hoard of, but didu't break. It's scarcoly a : month ago since /Scotch Jock's uiob-^threo thousand head of Queensland cattle—; was scattered to all points of the com pass. It took them nearly a weok to re-muster, and then tliny wnrn fnvtjr m Hl'ty head short. So you seo your camp is; bound to rise to-night,- and if you can only just inanago to Ueacl tlioin off our direction, you'll do well.' Arid so speaking, the drover returned back to his cattle. I confess that this con versation with tho drover nffectod mo considerably .more than tho subject seemed' to justify. But that was mostlyRowing to the description given of the spectre of tho swamp. A bnld faced cob and headless videv ! Why, it was a bald-faced cob which Warfield was riding when ho disappeared! I pondered over the matter for some ■ time, but finally dismissed the subject as being altogether unworthy of seri .ons thought. What the drover had said about tho camp was sufficient to convince me that tho cattlo were frightened off tho ground by a natural 'phenomenon of somo sort, probably a ;will-b-wisp, as lie had suggestod, and itho original sight of which htsd sug gested ,to the terrified imagination of some ignorant and superstitious stock mun the image of a bald-faced cob and headless rider ; and having been thus unfortunately christened, tbe excited imagination of nervous uight-wntchers never failed to apply the likeness im mediately on sight of the phenomenon. But I deemed it advisable to sny nothing to Mike upon tho subject. Ho was uneasy enough upon the matter of camping there alroady, and tho smallest hint of this ghost would be sufficient to scare away my stockman completely. Wo safely landed our cattlo on the camping ground, and pitched our tent. Shortly after sun down Miko tunibd in, as I resolved to. keep tho first watch myself, intending to call him at two o'clock. It was a beautiful summer's night. There was no moon, but the excessive brightness of the stars shed a soft radiance over tho , plain. I spent several hours dreaming with my oyes open, aud star gazing. I watched tho southern cross swinging round mm lulling down id the western heavens, and I saw thePJo indca rise over the eastern horizon. The appearance of tbis latter constel- [ lntion reminded me that it waB near midnight. I drew out my watch, and, with the aid of my lighted cigar, saw that it wanted but a few tninutos to twelve. ' Now,' soliloquised I, ' is the timo for the unquiet spirit of the swamp j to put in an appearauco. ' This is tho witching hour of night, when church, yards yawn and graves give up their | dead.' And then I surveyed tho dark clump of cattle quietly reposing on tlioir camp and chucklod. But I was reckoning1 without tnino host; for, whilst still chuckling, a whito objcct suddenly arose from tho swamp and rushed tho cattle, who immediately rose their camp like a flash, and came thundoring towards mo in wild terror. To spring upon my horso and gallop out with intent to block them was tho work of a moment. Looking beyond tho cattlo I could seo tho white object which had started them, apparently miles away on the edge of the plaiu, but before I could craolc my whip it was back ngain upon tho mob with tho rapidity of a cannon-hall. The cattlo divided right and loft, as tho spoctro shot through thom and rode right down upon mo. I liavo no ohjoction to ad mit being horrified, for tho spectre prosonted to my terrifiod eyes tho un inistablo imago of a headless rider sealed oh a bald-faced col. My horse propped, snorted in terror, roared, aud fell back upon mo, and what thon took place seemed tnoro lilto somo dolirious iiightrnnro than anything elso. I was not hurt by tbo fall, but the horso was lying like n log upon my log, and pro ! vented my moving oven if I had tho power to do so. But I had 110 such power, or oven inclination. My very faculties appeared to bo undor a spell. I did not appear at all frightened, but folt inert, physically and montully. (To be continual.J 