BAPTIST CHURCH, GAWLER. The anniversary services of the Baptist Church Sunday School were held on Sunday and Tuesday last. On Sunday sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. W. Clare, of Angaston, and in the after- noon by the Rev. H. J. Pope, of the Primitive Methodist Church, Gawler. On Tuesday the Baptist Church was com- pletely packed to listen to a lecture by the Pastor (Rev. S. Fairey) on "The Boot and its Story," illustrated by a fine series of dissolving views, recently procured from England by the South Australian Sunday School Teachers' Union, and as the various scenes were pro- duced appropriate sacred songs were excellently rendered by the Sabbath scholars, assisted by the Church choir and local instrumentalists. Mr. S. Ellis presided at the harmonium. The lecturer commenced by referring to the great interest which the history of our Bible must contain for every well regulated mind, and said if there were some present who were already acquainted with the history he was about to repeat, he trusted they would bear in mind that there were many young people to whom the subject was not so familiar, and it was for the special benefit of the latter that the address was given. There was in these days great danger of our being led away, by amusements of a light character, from the consideration of matters of momentous import, and a knowledge of which would make us grandly secure amidst the dangers of life. As it was the duty of every earnest man to counteract this worldly feeling to the utter- most of his power, the lecturer's aim would be to lift the minds of his audience from such topics, and lift them to the consideration of higher things. He then referred to the love of Protestants for their Bible, and the miraculous preservation of the Book through the dark ages of the world. For 2,500 years after the creation the world existed without any written revelation from God, but at length He raised up patriarchs. Moses was the first to gather together the authentic accounts of the origin and history of the world and the human family and write them under the direction of the Holy Ghost. It was probable that Moses was the first eminent man of God who was able to write, and in all likelihood he acquired the art when being educated as Prince of Egypt, so that to him was given the honor of compiling from the legends and traditions of the country, the first five books of the Bible now commonly called the Pentateuch. It is difficult to determine what style of writing Moses adopted, but in all probability it was at first similar to that of the Egyptians, who, it is thought, acquired the art from the Phoenicians, and used hieroglyphics or picture writing. About Moses time it is probable that this style of writing was almost entirely super- seded by a phonetic alphabet or certain signs corresponding with the various sounds of the human voice, and the MSS of Moses are supposed to be written in this manner. By diligent and earnest research some of the wise men of the present day have succeeded in deciphering the hieroglyphics, which are still found on many fragments of stone in Egypt and Assyria. This had been possible since 1799, in which a French officer of engineers discovered on the west bank of the Nile, near to its mouth at Rosetta, a large slab of black marble, on which was an inscription written in three different languages. The last was in ancient Greek and was speedily deciphered, and from the key thus obtained the alphabets of the other two inscriptions were obtained, and their meaning revealed, and the knowledge thus obtained had enables us to learn the his- tory of some of these nations of antiquity from the hieroglyphics inscribed on the tombs of their kings and the ruins of their temples. All the books of Moses, with the exception of Genesis and Job, were undoubtedly written during Israel's pilgrimage through the wilder- ness. God spoke to Moses, and through him instructed the people in his law. The chief revelations were made at Sinai and Horeb. Another place of deep interest through which Israel passed is a valley not mentioned in Scripture, but discovered by Laborde, a French traveller, and called by the Arabs Wady Mokatleb, or written valley, the rocks through- out the whole extent of which are covered with inscriptions in unknown characters, and the meaning remained unknown until the valley was visited by the Rev. Charles Forster, an English clergyman and a man of patient re- search, who, after a careful and lengthy examination, has suggested that they are the "rock tabled records" of miracles done in the wilderness. After the Israelites had entered into Canaan, and settled down to a quiet enjoy- ment of the good land, the priests and pro- phets were very assiduous in their efforts to preserve in all their purity the books of Moses. The Jews were so particular to keep their manuscripts intact that if in copying they made a single error they at once destroyed the sheet, no matter what labor was entailed. When MSS became old or injured, after an exact copy had been taken, they were reve- rently burned, and that is the reason there are no Hebrew manuscripts existing more than 700 years old, as the practice was continued by; the Hebrew nation until the year 1200 of the Christian era. Knowing the jealous manner in which the Hebrews guarded against the admis- sion of mistakes, we can receive the Old Testa- ment writings as reliable records. In the time of Jehoiachim, King of Israel, one part of the word of God was in imminent danger of being lost. The roll of prophecies of Jeremiah was read before the king, denouncing his sins and threatening punishment, and Jehoiachim became enraged, and cut the roll in pieces and cast it into the fire. But God commanded Jeremiah to write another prophecy, and to add yet more fearful denunciations against the king. Almost immediately after the death of Jehoiachim the Israelites were carried captives to Babylon and kept there 70 years, but on their liberation and return to Jerusalem Ezra the prophet gathered them together and read the Law to them. About 50,000 were present, and the reading of the law occupied seven days. From the days of Ezra until 400 B C., other books were added, Malachi being the last of the inspired Old Testament writers. During the four centuries which elapsed before the coming of Jesus Christ the Law was preserved by some godly men, and Jesus himself read it publicly to the people. The New Testament was written by the Disciples of Christ. After the death of the Apostles, and the consequent absence of inspired teachers, the Scriptures were multiplied by holy men called monks, who spent their lives in adding one more copy of the Bible to those previously in existence. A Greek translation of the Old Testament was possessed by every Christian Church in the second century, and the New Testament writings were gathered together in one volume, and read in every church as a rule of faith and practice. Notwithstanding all the attempts made to eradicate Christianity in the early days of the faith, and to destroy the Scriptures the efforts were unavailing, and although the early Christians were tortured and put to death in many revolting ways, the Book still lived and the more it was destroyed the more it was multiplied. The true faith was preached in Ireland by St. Patrick, and from there was conveyed to the Scottish Isles by Columba, who landed at Iona with a few companions and established a truly Christian settlement, where the gospel was preached in its purity and from whence it was disseminated to various parts of Britain. During his life Columba is said to have founded 100 collages, 365 churches, and ordained 3,000 preachers; but persecution stepped in and the magnificent churches were destroyed, although their ruins testify as to to their one time beauty. But in the midst of this darkness there arose a brilliant light in the person of the venerable Bede who, having uncommon skill in Greek and Hebrew, read the Scriptures in the original, and resisted the growing power of saint and relic worship, and made a translation of the Testament, his work only ending in death. For nearly 500 years the religious condition of England was most lamentable, but there then arose another earnest reformer in the person of John Wick- liffe, who translated the whole Bible into Eng- lish but even then the price was so high that only the wealthy could afford to purchase it. In the years 1484-5, 34 years after the inven- tion of printing, were born two men who were destined to produce the greatest resolution in religion that the world has ever witnessed, viz, William Tyndall and Martin Luther. The former resolved to translate the Greek Testament into English; and print it for the use of the common people, and although strongly opposed by the Bishop of London and others, he succeeded in his object, and the Testament was distributed throughout Eng- land, and although strenuous efforts were made to suppress the book it gained power, and in a few more years when the reformation took place all could read it. Simultaneously with Tyndal's labors in England, Martin Luther was carrying on the great work of the reformation, and his labors are so many that it was im- possible to give them at length in such a short address. Not only in Germany, but in Switzer- land did the new doctrine take a deep root, and notwithstanding the cruellest persecutions the faith prospered. Then came John Knox the great Scotch Reformer, whose sermons shook the whole nation, and totally overturned the Papal supremacy in Scotland. Subse- quently the truths of the Bible were publicly preached at St. Paul's Cross, and other places, and immense multitudes flocked to hear them. But the crowning event in the distribution of the Scriptures was the establishment of the British and Foreign Bible Society, which placed "the Book" within the reach of the humblest in the land, and from a building of the low- liest description has reached colossal propor- tions, and now issues copies of the Scriptures in every known language. The lecturer brought his address to a close by exhorting his hearers to treasure the sacred volume as it deserved, and that it should not be the least read book in the household. "Obey its pre- cepts, follow its bright light, imitate its illus- trious men, be warned by the terrible doom and certain punishment it apportions to the wicked, kneel humbly at the feet of Jesus, and then you will find yourselves made grand and pure, and heroic and God-like, a holy ardor will seize upon you, and an earnest combat for Christ will be your highest joy . . "and in the brightest glory of Heaven you shall Mount to your celestial seat, And wave your palm and wear your crown, And with the Elders cast them down." He then addressed a few words to the Sabbath School teachers and parents, and the meeting closed with a cordial vote of thanks to the Lecturer, Mr. Gome and instrumentalists, the choir and Mr. Shakspeare. We are again 'de^lreii by 'HI' Muirhead: Watchmaker andGoldsmith., of AdelalaBV*toX# that having imported surveying and scienfefto Instruments tb the Government jEor twenlEy- two* years, that he has just*impor%id &. fiu^ elaanof ''' Gold and Silver Watches ; strong ^aten^'LeVer patches from J65*l6s, in *£$. ^av^Qh^wSl give the wearer good satisf act3ftii,l .TJip'.new; ^ stock of Ladies Gold Watchw,, -Jso iSW*1 Brooches, Earrings, and .JN«-pkls^s au» oi js/ ' very handsome BtyieV anff idoclerate in nciov' 98 *-'hat\' , '?'... ? : ?'' 