OCTOBER 9th, 1875. Tuz Beriy inistry, contnuy to the ex pectations of son?ie of its more sanguine supporters, =received. its quietus on Wedn~esdafight Not 'even. the ad?l vantage the Mlidistry'obtained by Mr. Casey's secession frbmo the ranks of the Opposition could 'save. Mr. Berry and his colla3h es from defe at, and they3 ac cepted their position ? ith .a ,very bad gnrce Mr.. Kerfeird 'and his'pr-ty went out of office because thy could only" command a. iaorityof one ;m their favour. ;: and :v.lhh::.n hh: Be? :y Cabinet has - : considered- its position, from hateve point they may choose to regard it, we fail to see that with. a majority of five votes against them they can adopt any other course th:an lay down' their portfolios. They -may ask the Acting-Governor for a dissolution; but it is possible His Excellency will decline the request for the present. Can anything be more amusing than the ridiculous impudence which prompts somne of the Berry supportels to charge their opplonents with oflice seekiug Are they so egregiously verdant as to think that the country is blind to the end and aim of Mr. Berry and his ad herents? There is a refreshing self forgetfulness about those, seekers after place and pay who have just been van quished, which reminds one of the pot cilling the kettle hlick. We trust that if the crisis eventu ates in a dissolution, that out of the new Parliament a party will be forthcoming sufficiently powerful to carry on the business of the country and sufficiently honest to command the confidence of the community. We do not want to see the country handed over altogether to the tender mercies of political adventurers. We have lost enough already by that class. Tul Borough Council has resolvet not to allow the Recreation Reserve in con nectiol.twil th he \Villiamstouwn tPublic Gardens to b Tiisel' bytle crfickes' cluis for the practice of their favourite game. The Council last winter permitted the footballits to use the reserve for the display of their kicking and spilling abilities, and on Tuesday evening at the Council meeting it was stated that the trees, &e.;, about the reserve had be:n included in the " spilling," to their serious detriment and damage. Ac cordingly, violent g-aues are to be tabooed, and only extremely proper and well-ordered recreation allowtd within the sacred precincts of the reserve. 'We do not know whether the frisky crummy which has regaled herself on borough grass in the reserve is to be bauished to " fresh fields and pastures new," but we scarcely sea how she can be permitted to recreate in the Garden reserve under the new regime. Ladies' schools, and other well-conducted people who will not ti ead too heavily on the emerald sward, will have the field to themselves, for if decent, well-behaved young men who are willing to become respoiisible for any damage they may occasion, are- not to be permitted to play cricket there, we can't well see how the Council can allow disorderly irresponsible young lagamuflins to tear about the grounds, doing mishief by damaging borders, beds, and shrubs. In fact, every visitor to the Gardens should be required to produce a certi ficate as to his or her moral character. B3ut, seriously, what is that piece of ground known as a recreation reserve really intended fort Is it for "recre ation" purposes, or is the title by which it is known a misnomer If the re serve is to be used for- recreative pur poses, the Council should not attempt to make a garden of it; but if it is to ..d a. i do .y...l - g.od kyi a emoana torn the cow and the cricketers out.' We camuot see that the town requires any more garden than we now have. There is quite enough of gum tree and pine, geranium mand winter rose,-and there is an amplitude of well-kept paths for the well-ordered people who find recreation in walking in Indian file round and round.. For the vigor ous, boisterous young men who want exercise, we require a "recreation" re serve-a place where they can move about without restraint and without fear of doing damage to trees, or paths, or flowers-where the drawing-room propriety of movement is suspended, and active young men can put into play the physical powers which it is their duty to improve in common with their mental faculties. We trust that the Borough Council will foster this disposition on the part of our youth to indulge in physical exercise, and facili tate its being given effect to by opening the public reserves to them as much as possible. TuE American railway cars have given such satisfaction to travellers between \Villiamstown and Melbourne that a petition was presented to the Minister of Railways a day or two ago, asking him to keep the cars on the .Williams town line. Mr. Woods was not in a position to promise that the cars should be permanently retained on the Wil liamstown line, but'so far as he saw his way clear to grant the prayer of the petitioners he promised to do so. The satisfaction this new class of railway accommodlttion has given here is only a filfilment of predictions made-when the American cars were first introduced. -They hiave elements of comfort and convenience Which are'seiicely pbsib~ie hi the sinismi1 box-likecompanitments'in which travellers on the Wilianistowmn line used:tb be caged; and as summer .advances the advantages of the saloon car 'will libe: still more _ proiounced. One great imirovenient is. the fact that the whole acconmmodation of the train is utilised, for as travellers leave the cars at intermediate .stations the in creased room is participated in by the whole train, whereas with the small com partments some may be crammed and others almost empty. The lighting and ventilhition are also so much be.ter in :the large cars, which afibrd a freedom of actioe uisknown in the sub-divided' c~ariage:s. We certainly' hope the new cars will rn?ot e tal?en off the• -Wi-' liamir'ton 'line. dtrivng the summeri. months. THE Williamstown Councdil at a spcial mi e~ting, at :'ilich the iepiesentatives of the lpress weqre not present, ~:resolved iupon: iiltogrolie: re-distribiuting 'the duties of lthei ofliceirs; bu this sudden ichan ge in the executive'economy of the Slocal miutlciliat- deiatrtiient lies not given unmxeted satisfactinh, and it is mou?e thani probable that wh:at lis been doie wvill very shortly: ib uiidono again. The Coo'cil resblveduo dssii peusni g :hsbuvedonoe iWith :tlime sufr, eyor5andii;df of' requiring, the professional gentleman s who.may be appbinted surveyor to the borough to undertake the united offices of collector and surveyor, and also to' act as valuer. Inspector of nuisances 1 would thch be made a distinct office at ;C75 a year. It is believed, however, by some of the councillors and by a great many persons outside that there 1 would be extreme difficulty in finding ai man who would properly disdhurge the { duties of surveyor, rate- colloctor and valuer for the fixed salary of £225 a I year. It is our impression it would be a losing stroke of economy on the Couin- a cil's part- to attempt such an amalgata tion on such terms. If the rate-collect ing were to be done on commission there would be a better prospect of the work being done, but to look properly after I the corporation eniployees about the town, to attend to the multifarious duties of surveyor out of doors and in the office, and above all to keep the books and collect the money due to the Council, as well as annually to value the property in the borough, would require an extremely active and willing man-a model officer, indeed, if lie were found. We shall not be surprised, therefore, to learn that the Council thinks better of the matter, and rather than runthe chance of having the work -got through inefficiently by an over-. weighted oflicer, they will hel disposed to pay a reasonable amount to have the duties performed properly. SCARnLET fever has been very prevalent in the suburbs of Melbourne recently, and several deaths have occurred. The very deficient drainage in some of our bye-streets, and the culpable careless ness and indifference of the inhabitants invite a similar visitation in Williams town. - Unfortunately, too, the office of inspector of nuisances is to all intents and purposes vacant, Mr. Edwards having by ill-health been compelled to resign that office. We trust the health officer of the borough will specially -exert himself under the circumstances by directing attention to, and requtiring the immediate remedy of, likely sources of fever. The appearance in a malig nant form of this disease reminds us that a few weeks ago an organisation was formed for the purpose of edu cating the public opinion on sanitary matters, and to induce people to give attention and effect to health laws. The very existence of such a society pre-supposes a prevalent ignorance of and disregard to sanitary laws, and the assumption was not without reason. It is only surprising that nature does not resent to more disastrous a degree the constant violation of her laws which we see in alntmst every lane and street of the.town. Deleterious matter, in every stage of decay, is left exposed in the streets and gutters, giving off noxious gases and disseminating poison to the prejudice of human health and comfort. A man who takes his brother's life by active agency is a malefactor of the worst stamp in the popular view, and very properly too; butthose, who by their negligence permit d? idly poisons; i"t the shape of filthy drains, to lie about their houses, causing children to sicken and die-are they guiltless? We understand that scarlet fever has already made its appearance in Williamstown, so tha't there is every reason for immediate attention being given to those matters to which we have referred. THa colony continues to furnish its chapters to the book of horrors. On Monday morning. the man Howard suffeied the extreme penalty of the law for the double-murder he committed at Frankston, a few weeks ago. He con fessed the crime on the scaffold, and said he was disposed to do so from the outset but had acted on the counsel of his legal advisers ii pleading "not guilty." This is a strange confession. A man, whose guilt was beyond a doubt, and who was standing on the very threshold of his eternal destiny, has had a falsehood put into his mouth by gentlemen whose vocationis supposed to be to uphold the right and to assist in giving effect to righteous laws made for the protection of life and property. When we hear-such statements as that last utterance of the dying man Howard are we not disposed to question the uses to which some legal gentlemen applly their talents-to doubt whether the original intention of the profession has not become perverted ? The man Page, who decoyed a young girl from church on a Sunday evening, to walk with him in a paddock at Motnt Gam bier, and there brutally murdered her and buried the body, pleaded guilty on Wednesday, and was sentenced to death. The fellow, although a married man, had apparently designed the rtuin of the unfortunate 1gir1 Marf Buchan, hnd baffledi? inis" l h treacherously: miurdered -her:.' Is the law not kind to: give such :a' ivretch time for :repentance,-a: creature I:ivho was deaf to all t?e plecidings of youth' and virtue, and who foully hurrTied his victim into eternity without a iinute's' warning _ THE Footscray Council has resolved upon having a general sinvey...of the borough made so that the local 'im provements can be effected permaiently and with. confidence. Where surveys are made piece-nimeal there is every pro bability of confitision miad failure in some respects; "and in 'one' for all lhaviring the levels of the borough decided on a gen eral principle, the Council mayrest satis fied that they are not ;asting-the public finds. On Wednesday night, it wasre solved to accept the tender of Messrs. ILodon and Tulk for the worlk for £385. There were nine teiideirs. ranugig up as [high as £600. We trust that the work will be done thoroughly and in such a tmanner as to" avoid confusion: in- the future Tne manager of the ferry punt reported ito the Council at their last meeting Sthat the revenue from that source was suffering in consequence of the bad s/epalr. into which the road has fallen. 1He ssys that the effects of the heavy state of the roaid on the Sandridge side of the i-iver has been i to compel green grocers and others to tLke the Foots cray route, and it needs no ghost` from the grave to predict that unless some thing is done to improve the condition of- the short road, the traffic will die out altogether. It is death to a horse to drag a dray across half-a-mile of sand, and the Coineil should tiake steps to clear the road and niake it peassalle. The Williamstonvu Council appears, to have looked to" the San-dridge Council to keep the road in repair. Unless. we are very much mistakeni in the Sand ridge people, our Coincil might with equal success "summon spirits from the vasty deep" to perform the work. The Council had much better delay no furt-her but save the reputation and recover the prospects. of their short road by making it passable. TuIEE is a probability of the Williams town IRacesassuminggreater importance this year than has been the case: at any previous gathering of the club. The great obstacle to a large attendance on our race-days has been the dilticulty of reaching the course; but this ini liedimeat bids fair to be removed this year, the Mtinister of Railways having granted the club's request to run trains from NMelbourne down the Geelong line to a point inear the iiaecoiiit . &':" temporary platform will be 'erected for the convenience of passengers.- This will have the effect of considerably in creasing the number of our mnetrpolitan visitors, and if the weather is 'favour able there will- most probably be a greatattendance. The course is very pleasantly situated near the sea-shore, and a visit to it is. quite an enjoyable outing. DunRvi the recent investigation into the circumstances under which the Ceylon got aground in the South Channel, several of the witnesses gave it as their opinion that the lights in that part of the Bay were inefficient. As a consequence of these statements an inquiry was con;menced before the Pilot Board on Wednesday, . the chief harbour-master, presiding, for the pur pose of obtaining all the information possible relative to the alleged defective ness of the lights. Pilot Samuel Evans stated that the lights as at present placed were rather calculated to mislead in hazy or squally weather. He sug gested either that an additional pile light should be erected in the position now occupied by buoy No. 15, or that a light should be placed in Capel Sound, between the two existing lights, so that a vessel could sail round it or inside it without interfering with the buoy. He was also of opinion that the light on .Arthur's Seat should be made more powerful to rendet: it easily distinguish able from the existing pile light. The inquiry was adjourtied until Monday next. 