JKt^ratee, JSmmp, &c; THE LAW AND THE LADY: OB THE . SCOTCH VERDICT. By Whkib Goliiks. Published by special arrangement with the Author.] PART II— PARADISE REGAINED. Chafiss. XXttl. — My Mother-in-iaw Surprises Me. I took a chair at a respectful distance from the sofa on which Mrs. Macallan seated herself. The old lady smiled, and beckoned to me to take my place by her side. Judging by appearances she had certainly not come to see me in the character of an enemy. It remained to be discovered whether she was really dis posed to be my friend. **I have received a letter from your uncle the Vicar,' she began. ' He asks me to visit you ; and I am happy — for reasons which you shall presently hear — to comply with this request. Under other circumstances, I doubt very much, my dear child— strange as the confession may appear— whether I should have ventured into your presence. My son has behaved to you so weakly and (in my opinion) so inexcusably, that I am really, speaking as his mother, almost ashamed to face you.' Was she in earnest 1 I listened to her, and looked at her, in amazement. 'Your uncle's letter,' pursued Mrs. Macallan, *? tells me how you have behaved under your hard trial, and what you propose to do now Eustace has left you. Doctor Starkweather, poor man, seems to be inexpressibly shocked by what you. said to him when- he was in London. ' He begs me to use my in fluence to induce you to abandon your present ideas, and to make you return to your old home at the Vicarage. I don't in the least agree with your uncle, my dear. Wild as I believe your plans to be — you have not the slighest chance of succeeding in carrying them out — I ad mire your courage, your fidelity, your unshaken faith in my unhappy son, after his unpardonable behavior to you. Yon are a fine creature, Valeria. And! have come here to tell you so in plain words. Give me a kiss, child. You deserve to be the wife of a hero — and you have married one of the weakest of living mortals. God forgive me for speaking so of my own son. But it's in my mind, and it must come out.7' This way of speaking of Eustace was more than I could suffer — even from his mother. I recovered the use of my tongue, in my husband's defence. I am sincerely proud of your good opinion, dear Mrs. Mapallan/'Isaid. 'But you distress me — rorgive me if I own it plainly — when I hear you speak so dis paragingly of Eustace. I cannot agree with you that my husband is the weakest of living mortals.' ' Of course not ! ' retorted the old. lady, 'you are like all good women — you make a hero of the man you love, whether he deserves it or not. Your husband has hosts of good qualities, child— and perhaps I know them better than you do. But his whole conduct, from the moment when he first entered your uncle's house to the present time, has been (I say again) the conduct of an essentially weak man. What do you think he has done now byway of climax ? He has joined a charitable brotherhood ; and he is off to the war in Spain with a red cross on his arm, when he ought to be here on his knees asking his wife to forgive him. I -say that is the conduct of a weak man. Some people might call it by a harder name.' The news startled and distressed me. I might be resigned to bis leaving me for a time; but all my instincts as a woman revolted at his placing himself in a posi tion of danger during his separation from his wife. He had now deliberately added to my anxieties. I thought it cruel of him ; but I would not confess what I thought to his mother, I affected to be as cool as she was ; and I disputed her conclusions with all the firmness that I could summon to help me. The terrible old woman only went on abusing him more vehemently than ever. 'What I complain of in my son,' proceeded Mrs. Macallan, 'is that he has entirely failed to understand you. If he had married a fool, his conduct would be intelligible enough. He would have done wisely to conceal from a fool that he had been married already,. and that he Jiad suffered the horrid public exposure of a Trial for the murder of his wife. Then, again, he would have been quite right, when this same fool had discovered the truth, to take himself off out of her way, before she could suspect him of poisoning her — for the sake of the peace and quiet of both parties. . But you are not a fool. I can see that after only a short expe rience of you. Why can't he see it too 1 Why didn't he trust you with his secret from the first, instead of stealing his way into your affections under an assumed name ? Why did he plan (as he confessed to me) to take you away to the Mediter ranean, and to keep you abroad, for fear of some officious friends at home betray ing him to you as the prisoner of the famous Trial ? What is the plain answer to all these questions ? What is the one possible explanation of this otherwise unaccountable conduct? There is only one answer, and one explanation. My poor wretched son — he takes after Ms father.; Tie isn't the least tike me ! — is weakj weak in his way of judging, weak in! ids way of acting ; and, like all weak people, headstrong and unreasonable to the last degree. There ib the truth. Don't get red and angry. I am as fond of him as you are. I can see his merits too.' And one of them is, that he has married a woman of spirit and resolu tion — so faithful, and so fond of him, that she won't even let his own mother tell her of his faults. Good child. I like yon formating me.' , 'Dear madam, don't say that I hate you!' I exclaimed (feeling very much as if I did hate her, though, for all that!). ' I only presume tojjthink that you are confusing a delicate-minded man with a weak-minded man. Our dear unhappy Eustace—— ' 'Is a delicate-minded man,' said the impenetrable Mrs. Macallan, finianing my sentence for me. ' We will leave it there, my dear, and get on to another subject. I wonder whether we shall dis agree about that, too ?' ' What is the subject, madam 1' ' I won't tell you, if you call me madam. Call me, mother. Say, ' What is the subject, mother.' ' ' What is the subject, mother ?' 'Your notion of turning yourself into a Court of Appeal for a new trial of Eustace, and forcing the world to pro nounce a just verdict on him. Do you really mean to try it ?'' ' I do.' Mrs. Macallan considered far a moment grimly with herself. ' You know how heartily I admire your courage, and your devotion to my unfortunate son,' she said. ' You know, by this time, that J don't cant. But I cannot see you attempt to perform im possibilities ; I cannot, let you uselessly risk your reputation and your happiness, without warning you before it is too late. My child ! the thing you have got it in your head to do is not to be done by you or by anybody. Give it up.' 'I am deeply obliged to you Mrs. Macallan ? ' ''Mother!'' 'lam deeply obliged to you, mother, for the interest that you take in me — but I cannot give it up. Bight or -wrong, risk or no risk, I must, and I will, try it. ' Mrs. Macallan looked at me very attentively, and sighed to herself. 'Oh, youth, youth,' she said to herself sadly. ' What a grand thing it is to be young.' She controlled the rising regret, and turned on me sud denly, almost fiercely, with these words, ' What, in God's name, do you mean to do?' At the instant . When she put the ques tion the idea crossed my mind that Mrs. Macallan could introduce me, if she pleased, to Miserrimus Dexter. She must know him, and know Mm well, as a guest at Gleninch and an old friend of her son. 'I mean toconsult Miserrimus Dexter,' I answered, boldly. Mrs. Macallan started back from me, with a loud exclamation of surprise. ' Are you out of your senses ?' she asked. I told her, as I had told Major Fitz David, that I had reason to think Air. Dexter's advice might be of real assistance to me at starting. ' And I,' rejoined Mrs. Macallan, 'have reason to think that your whole projeet is a mad one, and that in asking Dexter's advice on it you appropriately consult a madman. You needn't start, child - There is no harm in the creature. I don't mean that he will attack you, or be rude to. 1 only say that the last per son whom a young woman, placed in your painful and delicate position, ought to associate herself with is Miserrimus Dexter.' Strange ! Here was the Major's warn ing repeated by Mrs. Macallan, almost in the Major's own words. Well ! it shared the fate of most warnings. It only made me more and more eager to have my own way. ' You surprise me very much,' I said. 'Mr. Dexter's evidence, given at the Trial, seems as clear and reasonable as evidence can be.' ''Of ?course it is,' answered Mrs. Macallan. ' The shorthand writers and reporters put his evidence into present able language before they printed it. If you had heard what he really said, as I did, you would have been either very much disgusted with him, or very much amused by him, according to your way of looking at things. Ho began, fairly enough, with a modest explanation of his absurd Christian name, which at once checked the merriment of the audience. But as he went on, the mad side of him showed itself. He mixed up sense and nonsense in the strangest confusion. He was called t© order over and over again. He was even threatened with fine and im prisonment for contempt of Court. In short, he was just like himself — a mixture of the strangest and mosc opposite quali ties ; at one time perfectly clear and reasonable, as you said juat now ; at another, breaking out into rhap sodies of the most outrageous kind, like a man in a state of delirium. A more unfit person to advise any body, I tell you again, never lived. You don't expect me to introduce you to -him, I hope?' ' I did think of such a thing,' I answered. 'But, after what you have said, dear Mrs. Macallan, I give up the idea of course. It is not a great sacrifice — it only obliges me to wait a week for Major Fitz-David's dinner party. He has promised to ask Miserrimus Dexter to meet me.' ' There is the Major all over !' cried the old lady. ' If \ou pin your faith on that man, I pity you. He is as slippery as an eel. I suppose you asked him. to introduce you to Dexter 1' 'Yes.' ' Exactly I Dexter despises him, my dear. He knows as well as I do that Dexter won't go to his dinner. And he takes that roundabout way of keeping you apart — instead of saying Ko to you plainly, like an honest man.' This was bad news. But I was, as usual, too obstinate to own myself de feated. ' If the worst comes to the worst,' I said, 'I can but write to Mr. Dexter, and beg him to grant me an interview.' ' And go to him by yourself, if he does grant it ?' enquired Mrs. Macallan. ?* Certainly. By myself.' ' You really mean it ?' ' I do indeed.' ' I won't allow you to go by yourself.' ' May I venture to ask, ma'am, how you propose to prevent me ?' ' By going with you, to be sure, you obstinate hussy I Yes, yes — I can be as headstrong as you are, when I like. Mind ! I don't want to know what your plans are. I don't want to be mixed up with your plans. My son is resigned to the Scotch Verdict. And I am resigned to the Scotch Verdict. It is you who won't let matters rest as they are.- YoJ are a vain and foolhardy young person, But, someh©w, I have taken a liking to you ; and I won't let you go to Misem mus Dexter by yourself. Put on your bonnet !' ' Now ?' I asked. ' ' Certainly ! My carriage is at the door. And the sooner it's over the better I shall be pleased. Get ready — and be qnick about it !' I required no second bidding. In ten minutes more we were on our way to Miserrimus Dexter. Such was the result of my mother -in- law's visit. Chapter XXIV. — First View. We had dawdled' over our luncheon, before Mrs. Macallan arrived at Benja min's cottage. The ensuing conversation between the old lady and myself (of which I .have only presented a brief ab stract) lasted until quite late in the after noon. The sun was setting in. heavy clouds when we got into the carriage; and the autumn twilight began to fall round us while we were still on the road. The direction in which we drove took us (as well as I could judge) towards the great northern suburb of London. For more than an hour the carriage threaded its way through a dingy brick labyrinth of streets, growing smaller and smaller, and dirtier and dirtier, the farther we went. Emerging from the Labyrinth, I noticed in the gathering iarkness dreary patches of waste ground, cvhich seemed to be neither town nor jountry. Crossing these, we passed some Eorlorn outlying groups of houses with iim little scattered shops among them, Looking like lost country villages wander ing on the way to London ; disfigured and smoke-dried, already by their jour ney. Darker and darker, drearier and drearier the prospect grew — until the carriage stopped at last, and Mrs. Mac allan announced, in her sharps-satirical way, that we had reached the end of our journey. 'Prince Dexter's Palace, my dear,' she said, ' What do you think of it?' I looked round me — not knowing what to think of it, if the truth must be told. We had got out of the carriage, and we were standing on a rough half-made gravel path. Sight and left of me, in the dim light, I saw the half-completed foun dations of new houses in their first stage of existence. Boards and bricks were scattered about us. At places, gaunt scaffolding-poles rose liks the branchless trees of the brick desert. Behind us, on the other side of the high road, stretched another plot of waste ground, as yet not built on. Over the surface of this second desertj the ghostly white figures of vag rant ducks gleamed at intervals in the mystic light. In front of us, at a dis tance of two hundred yards or so, as well as I could calculate, rose a black mass, which gradually resolved itself, as my eyes became accustomed to the twilight, into a long, low, and ancient house, with a hedge of evergreens and a pitch-black paling in front of it. The footman led the way towards the paling, through the boards and the bricks, the oyster-shells and the broken crockery, that strewed the ground. And this was ' Prince Dexter's Palace!' There was a gate in the pitchrblack paling, and : a bell handle— discovered with great difficulty. Pulling at the handle, the footmen set in motion, to judge by the sound produced, a bell of prodigious size, fitter for a church than a house. While we were waiting for admission, Mrs. Macallan pointed to the low dark line of the old building. : ' There is otia of Ins mWJnpasPR f ' sTir ' said. 'The speculators in this new neighborhood have offered Mm I don't know how many thousand pounds for the ground that house stands on. It was originally the manor house of the dis trict. Dexter purchased it, many years since, in one of his freaks of fancy. . He has no old family associations with the place. The walk are all but tumbling about, his ears ; and the money offered would really be of use to him. But no ! He refused the proposal of the enter prising speculators, by letter, in these words : ' My house is astandingmonument of the picturesque and beautiful, amid the mean, dishonest, and grovelling construc tions of a mean, dishonest, and grovelling age. Ikeep my house, gentlemen, as a useful lesson to you. Look at it, while you are building round me — and blush, if you can* for your own work. ' Was there ever such an absurd letter written yet 1 Hush ! I hear footsteps in the garden. Here comes Ms cousin. His cousin is a woman. I may as well tell you that, or you might mistake her for a man in the dark.' A rough Seep voice, which I should certainly never have supposed to be the voice of a woman, hailed us from, the inner side of the paling. ' Who's there ?' ' Mrs. Macallan,' answered my mother in-law. ' What do you want V ' We want to see Dexter.' ' You can't see him.' '?Why not?' ' What did you say your name was ?' 'Macallan. Mrs. Macallan. Eustace Macallan's mother. Now do you under stand V The voice muttered and grunted behind the paling, and a key turned in the lock of the gate. Admitted to the garden, in the deep shadow of the shrubs, I could see nothing distinctly of the woman with the rough voice, except that she wore a man's hat. Closing the gate behind us, without a word of welcome or explanation, she led the way to the house. Mrs. Macallan followed her easily, knowing the place ; and I walked in Mrs. Macallan's foot steps as closely as I could. ' This is a nice family,' my mother-in-law whispered to me. 'Dexter's cousin is the only woman in the house — and Dexter's cousin is an idiot.' ? We entered a spacious hall, with a low ceiling— dimly lit at its farther end by one small oil lamp. I could see that there were pictures on the grim brown walU— but the subjects represented were invisible in the obscure and shadowy light. Mrs. Macallan addressed herself to the speechless cousin with the man's hat. ' Now tell' me,' she said. ' Why can't we see Dexter ?' The cousin took !a sheet of paper off the hall table,; and handed it to Mrs. Macallan. . . 'The Master's writing!' aaid this strange creature, in a hoarse whisper, as if the bare idea of ' the Master' terrified her. ' Read it. And stay, or go, which you please.' *? She opened an invisible side-door in the wall, masked by one of the pictures — disappeared through it, like a ghost — and left us together alone in the hall. Mrs. Macallan approached the oil lamp, and looked by its light at the sheet of paper which the woman had given to her. I followed, and peeped over her shoulder, without ceremony. The paper exhibited written characters, traced in a wonder fully large and firm handwriting. Had I caught the infection of madness in the air of the house ? Or did I really see before me these words ? 'Notice. — My immense imagination is at work. Visions of heroes unroll themselves before me. I re-animate in myself the spirits of the departed great. My brains are boiling in my head. Any person who disturbs me, under existing circumstances, will do it at the peril of their lives. — Dexter.' Mrs. Macallan looked round at me quietly with her sardonic smile. ' Do you still persist in wanting to be introduced to him ?' she asked. The mockery in the tone of the ques tion roused my pride. I determined that I would not be the first to give way. ' Not if I am putting you in peril of your life, ma'am,' I answered, pertly enough, pointing to the paper in her hand. My mother-in-law returned to the hall table, and put the paper back on it, with out condescending to reply. She then led the way to an arched recess on our right-hand, beyond which I dimly dis cerned a broad flight of oaken stairs. 'Follow me,' said Mrs. Macallan, mounting the stairs in the dark. 'I know where ft find him.' We groped our way up the stairs to the first landing. The next flight of steps, turning in the reverse direction, was faintly illuminated, like the hall below, by one oil lamp, placed in some invisible position above us. Ascending the second flight of stairs, and crossing a short corridor, we discovered the lamp, through the open door of a quaintly-shaped circular room, burning on the mantel piece. Its light iluminated a strip of thick tapestry, hanging loose from the ceiling to the floor, on the wall opposite to the door by which we had entered. Mrs. Macallan drew aside the strip of tapestry, and, signing to me to follow her, passed behind it. ' Listen !' she whispered. Standing on the inner side of the tapestry, 1 found myself in a dark recess or psssage, at the end of which a ray of light from the lamp showed me a closed door. I listened, and heard, on the other side of the door, a shouting voice, accom panied by an extraordinary rumbling and whistling sound travelling backwards and forwards, as well as I could judge, over a great space. Now the rumbling and the whistling would reach their climax of loudness, and would overcome the re sonant notes of the shouting voice. Then, again, those louder sounds gradually retreated into distance, and the shouting voice made itself heard as the more audible sound of the two. The door must have been of prodigious solidity. Listen as intently as I might, I failed to catch the articular words (if any) which the voice was pronouncing, and I was equally at a loss to penetrate the cause which produced the rumbling and whist ling sounds. ' What can possibly be going on,' I whispered to Mrs. Macallan, ' on the other side of that door V 'Step softly,' my mother-in-law answered, 'and come and see.' She arranged the tapestry behind us, so as completely to Bhut out the light in the circular room. Then, noiselessly turning the handle, she opened the heavy door. We kept ourselves concealed in the shadow of the recess, and looked through the open doorway. I saw (or fancied I saw, in the obscu rity) a long room, with a low ceiling. The dying gleam of an ill-kept fire formed the only light by which I could judge of objects and distances. Redly illumina ting the central portion of the room oppo site to which we were standing, the fire light left the extremities shadowed in almost total darkness. I had barely time to notice this before I heard the rumbling and whistling sounds approach ing me. A high chair on wheels moved by, through the field of red light, carry ing a shadowy figure with floating hair, and arms furiously raised and lowered, working the machinery that propelled the chair at its utmost rate of speed. ' I am Napoleon, at the sunrise of Austerlitz !' shouted the man in the chair as he swept past me, on his rambling and whistling wheels, in the red glow of the firelight. 'I give the word, and thrones rock, and kings fall, and nations tremble, and men by tens of thousands fight and bleed and die !'' The chair rushed out of sight, and the shouting man became in it another hero. ' I am Nelson !' the ring ing voice cried now. ' I am leading the fleet at Trafalgar. I issue my commands, prophetically conscious of victory and death. I see my own apotheosis — my public funeral, my nation's tears, my burial in the glorious church. The ages remember me, and the poets sing my praise in immortal verse !'' The strident wheels turned at the far end of the room, and came back. The fantastic and frightful ap parition, man and machinery blended in one — the new Centaur, half man, half chair — flew by me again in the dying light. ' I am Shakspeare !' cried the frantic creature now. 'I am writing Lear, the tragedy of tragedies. Ancients and moderns, I am the poet who towers over them all. Light ! light ! the lines flow out like lava from the eruption of my volcanic mind. Light ! light ! for the poet of all time to write the words that five for ever ! ' He groaned and tore his way back towards the middle of the room. As he approached the fire-place, a last morsel of unburnt coal (or wood) burst into momentary flame, and showed the open doorway. In that moment, he saw us? The wheel-chair stopped with a shock that shook the crazy old door of the room, altered its course, and flew at us with the rush of a wild animal. We drew back, just in time to escape it, against the wall of the recess,. The chair passed on, and burst aside the hanging tapestry. The light of the lamp in the circular room poured in through the gap. The creature in the chair checked his furious wheels, and looked back over his shoulder with an impish curiosity horrible to see. ' Have I run over them ? Have I ground them to powder for presuming to intrude on me 1' he said to himself. As the expression of this amiable doubt passed his lips, his eyes lighted on us. His mind instantly veered back again to Shakespeare and King Lear. ' Goneril and Regan !' he cried. ' My two un natural daughters, my she-devil children come to mock at me !' ' Nothing of the sort,' said my mother in-law, as quietly as if she was addressing a perfectly reasonable being. ' I am your old friend, Mrs. Macallan ; and I have brought Eustace Macallan's second wife to see you.' The instant she pronounced those last words, ' Eustace Macallan's second wife,' the man in the chair sprang out of it with a shrill cry of horror, as- if she had shot him. For one moment we saw a head and body in the air, absolutely deprived of the lower limbs. The moment after, the terrible creature touched the floor as lightly as a monkey, on his hands. The grotesque horror of the scene cul minated in his hopping away, on his hands, at a prodigious speed, until he reached the fireplace in the long room. There, he crouched over the djing embers, shuddering and shivering, and muttering, ' Oh, pity me, pity me ! ' dozens and dozens of times over to him self. This was the man whose advice I had come to ask — whose assistance I had confidently counted on, in my hour of need. (To be continued.) 