A Seaside Adventure. In my confusion nnd surprise tho trutn did not as yet dawn upon inc. This strange treatment added only another mystery to the affair ; but I well remember that, in spite of my perplexity,! wnsaivcrieu uj "o- liaviourof the boys as, with a yell of triumph, they scampered back in the direc tion whence they hnd come. Whnt followed next, is less distinct in my recollection. I know only that I protested, remonstrated and begged my enptora to explain. It was all in vain— the sailor's lips seemed hermet ically sealed ; and all I could elicit from the policeman was a dry " All right ; push on, or we shnn't get to Portland before it's lock ed for the night." I was evidently taken for an escaped con- viet, and, looking at my my dress, there were grounds for the supposition. Of course, I protested agaiuflt such a belief, told who I was, nnd mentioned how it was lay clothes were Btolen while bathing. All was in vain. I was onlv laughed at, and heard that a reward of five pounds was offered for, my re covery. "We've got you, nnd will keep you," said the policeman. " Hero comes the chaise to pick us up." So into the chaise I was put, in spite of all remonstrance. Now, I am a man of patient disposition, and my temper is not easily ruffled ; al though, in my present position, there was much to annoy, although the personal in dignity of my nrrest, and the mystery that hung over mv immediate future, might make even the most stolid philosopher uneasy, there were some crumbs of comfort to be got from the ludicrous absurdity of the whole affair, Happily, in this out-of-the-way spot there was no one to recognise me as the Branded felon borne hack in fetters to tho prison from which I had escaped. If " the chief" in Crutcbcd Friars were olose at hand, or eveu the melancholy interesting young lady whoso glances had pierced my green spectacles, I might havo liung my head : but I knew that, after all, this wss only a case of temporary inconvenience j 1 could not fail, sooner or later, to succeed in proving my identity, and I must be then at once set free. Bar tho personal dis comfort, the loss of a good suit of clothes, &c;, and the escape of some hardened wretch, thanks to my unconscious assistance, tho present was a curious experience, which few were likely to compass. In this way I argned myBclf into inughing almost at this excellent practical iokc, in which Self was the principal sufferer, nnd the end of which, for nil I knew, might still he indefinitely de layed. Away in the twilight gloaming, over tho downB for a milo or two, nnd along tbe white winding chalk ronds to the more level and wooded country ; then past farms, and be tween tail hedgerows nnd straggling villnges, until we reached the outskirts of Wey mouth ; thcu through tho lighted streets and parades of tho fashionable watering- place, alive with gay company and metry music ; threading our way across a bridge, amongst docks, and wharfs, and shipping, till at length we emerged upon tho long fiat causeway that tops the Chisel Bank, and joins Portland to tho mainland. The night bad fallen, but the glories of a full moon flooded everything with light. On eaeh side of the ridge slept tho quiet sea beneath the twinkling stars, and right in front loomed tho massive promontory of Portlnnd, crouched like a lion against the moonlit sky, Miles high it seemed, that hill, a terrible ascent, steep as tho climb that faces many who have also travelled this road, if, when once again free, they seek to Etruggle from i crime to honesty. My courage sank some what during that long gradient, and by the time we reached the gloomy portals of the prison it wns at its lowest ebb. The place was lonely nnd silent as the tomb ; a solitary lamp flickered above the benvy gates, touch ing with spots of lustre the tips of tho steel nails that studded all their panels. Ono of my escort jumped out nnd touched a deep- toned bell ; and the next minute a little wiudow, some six inches square, was opened in tbe door, and through it I saw the gleam of two white eyeballs, balonging, doubtless, to the saraa head, from which came now a very gruff nnd threatening "Well 7" "We've got him I" Inslnutly tho voice changed. It was olear the escape wns a source of deep anxiety to all at Portland, and that this was joyful news. " Whnt I Raschkoff 7 For these nnd all other mercies, the Lord's nnmc be praised." As if I, in my character of Rnschkoffs, was a very excellent dinner about to bedigested by the establishment. With n solemn clanging sound the heavy doors swung back upon their hinges, and I was inside. Almost like clock-work they closed again behind me, and although I knew my incarceration was certain to be short. I felt quite as if hope were altogether extin guished from my brenst, At that moment, I would gladly have purchased immediate re lease at any prico, nnd I asked indignantly to see the governor at once. " Ho says he's Mr John Wray of Crutched Friars," said the policeman, with a grin. "Always wns the nrtfullest villian out," replied the gatekeeper, pointing to me menacingly with his heavy key, " It's not the first time lie's done it, neither ; calls himself a gentleman, because he wns con victed for some genteel crime, forgery, or like that, - He was away six months Inst time, but we nabbed him then, just as you have now. But he made his " guy" again this morning in the fog, nnd got away ns smooth as butter. It's here to-day with him, and gone to-morrow. " Ay, and back again at night," said tho sailor profoundly. " I insist on seeing the governorat once," I said, interrupting the dinloguc. " That you will, nnd sooner than you caro to'cithcr. He'll lie in his office about nine to-morrow morning, nnd hc'U have some thing to say to you, I suspect, private and particular" " There's no call for us to wait," said the policeman, " we can look up this way in the morning for the reward." " Off you go, then ; but you'd better stay in the villnge to-night ; tho major might want to spenk to you to-morrow. Good night I" i " Good-night 1" The gates were opened again, my late companions issued: forth, and in another minute I henrd the '"sound of their wheels retreating down the hill- Immediately nfterwnrds, I was ordered to move on to tho inner gate. There wns a second gate under the arch way, a dozen feet from the outer doors. This wns of open iron-work, and through tbc bars I couid see the tall outlines of the prison buildings. Just ns we got to this inner gate, a man approached from the inner side. " Did you ring, Mr Tootle 7" he asked. He wns a tall man in uniform, wenring a long- wnistcd, well fitting greatcoat j at his side was a sworJ, on his belt n bull's-eye lantern, and in the loft hand a bunch of keys, "Did you ring 7" he repented. " I did, sir. It's that Rnsclikoif ; the police have brought liirn back." " That's the best piece of news I've heard since noon. Hand liim over. Have you sent word to the governer.'" " I've rung his bell. He or the deputy will he here directly. Its close on locking-up time. Willi these second gates ns they closed behind me, there eeonied to fall another barrier between me and freedom, nor did my now escort encourage me to hope for much consideration, Through more gates and doors, all of which were first unlocked, thtar locked, then ro-locked, and looked again, till it seemed ns if I wnsnow ns safe ns the crown jewels, or a toad entombed alive in a grnni te rock. At length wo reached a block of buildings a little apart, with double doors, through which wo passed, nB we had the others, and I found myself on the ground-flosr of an un- mistakeablo prison. There were three rows of cellB, tier above tier, the upper with a narrow, landing nnd a bright Bteel railing. As we entered, another warder met ns; lie was in slippers, and walked noiselessly like a ghost. In a sepulchral voice, he said . " Forty-six, sir, and all correct." " This will make forty-seven, Mr. Mousey, said my conductor : "It's that Raschkoff. " Shall I put him in the dark, sir 7 wns the enger query. " No ; in an ordinary coll ; but keep nn eye on the trap, and watch him carefully , or he'll break prison again ; he's clever enough." .... ,. 1 was introduced forthwith into an ordi- nary cell"— four hare walls, with a loophole window well barred and wired over. There was nothing iu the plnce hut a gutta-percha pint pot, aud a bed of smooth bare plauk a little raised from the floor. - " Keep silence, will you I" snid, for the thousandth time, the superior warder, ns, for the thousandth time I tried to protest that I was not Raschkoff. " Mind, Mr. Mousey, you don't let him talk to you in the night ; he'll be trying it on again, you may depend. Give him his bed, and fill his pint — there and they left me. Alone, at last, and in n solitary cell in Portland Prison I The dreadful truth wns difficult to realise ; but bars nnd bolts, and iron doors, are BoMd facts not easily ex plained away. I felt as miserable now nB if I wns doomed !o bo hanged next morning. As I bayc said, from the first moment of my capture I hnd trented my mishap ns nil un pleasant joke — no more ; and all along I had buoyed myself up witli the knowledge that .at the prison itself the mistake would bo at once discovered. Of course I had snid to myself, the officials there will know I am not the real Raschkoff, the runawny. But it seemed as' if no one knew anything of the sort. I had already passed through the hands of three, and though nil lind scanned my features closely, no syllable of doubt of my identity hnd followed thoir inspection. What if I should be kept to 6ervo but the Teal convict's time, scckiug vainly from day to day, nnd year to year, to make my protest plain 7 This would be too severe a doso in deed. Yes, I wns most miserable. Cold, wretched, and nearly starved, for no food hnd croescd my lips sinco noon, I gathered myself together, and, sinking utterly dejected upon the hard pallet, tried to groan myself to sleep. I must have slept ; but the slumber nt first wns fitful, and often disturbed by the click of n latch at my cell door, and a flash of bright light through a narrow slit turned on to where I lay. It was the warder on tho alert to prevent another escape. Even tbo Btrangeness of this wore off, and I became thoroughly uneonoious,' to be roused at last by a deafening peal of bolls rung just above my head. Tho dawn wns struggling, in palo, sickly tones, through tlio wire-wort: of tho , tiny window ; and I guessed that this wns I the prison hell, tho signal to begin tho labours of the, day, I was hardly at all re freshed by my sleep, nnd terribly faint from want of food. " Can I see a doctor 7" I asked, as two new warders came iuto my cell, nnd told mo per emptorily to stand up nnd strip. " Of course you can. But first of all wo must search you ; it ought to linvo been 1 done last night, only you took us all by sur prise — ns you did too when you hooked it, How did you got away, Rasoiikoff 7" " I toll you I'm not Raschkoff 1" Both tho officers laughed heartily. " You'll he the denth of us, Rnsohkoff I But tliero- wash yoursoif ; it's close ou breakfast-time, and, after thnt, you shall see tho young doctor." They brought mo a pannikin of scnlding hot cocoa, nud n small loaf which I devoured eagerly. Thoy wcro onpitnl ; thcro was milk in the cocoa, and tho bread was fresh and white. I got new oonrngo from the food Surely, said I to myself, thero must bo some ono here who will confess that I am right somo one who can swear to tho real Rasoh- koff. And then it occurred to me that I AnJilr r n,ntt1.rs t»ko their course, and desist from speaking m my own dofence. I wondered only how long the farce vi ould con tinue. I had plenty of visitors in tne next hour or two. First, the " young" doctor nn ho had been styled, though he vras old enough to have grey lrair and a corporation. He was an airy, off-hand gentleman, wearing a stethoscope, liko a flower, in his button-hole There's nothing wrong with you," he said angrily. Why did you send for me." " I feel faint." ' Faint I" the utter contempt of these words mndc my blood boil. ' Were you faint yesterday morning, when you ran four miles, and jumped the dyke in the fog 7" I sank bnck almost in despair. Happily nine o'clock was now approaching, and pre parations began for my trial in the governor's office. I was again stripped nnd searched my boots were tnken from me, nnd I got a pair of list slippers. Then, all at once echo ing along the passages came n cry for " Rnseh- koff ; nnd Rnsohkoff — thnt is to say, I,lJohn Wray of Crutched Friars— shnmbled up two flights of narrow stairs, nnd entered a littlo dock on the further side of which stood a warder with a baton ; while in front, some way off, was seated a portly, imposing per sonage at a high desk, and surrounding him a group of officials, among whom were my friends ihe coast- guard sailor aud tho police man. "6755 Raschkoff I charged with mnking his escape, resisting tho police, iusolenco to tho gate-keeper, nnd giving the assistant-surgeon unnoeessury trouble. All this the aforesaid portly gentleman read aloud, nud then, without wniting to Iienr me plead, called upon my enptors to give their story. To be continued ) 