A VERITABLE GHOST SEEN IN'ttLEN INNES. by h. e. b. It falls to the lot of most 'places where peopl& congregate and dwell to have one or more particu lar apparitions, haunted houses, and so forth— and Glen Innes lias no especial dispensation in its favour to exempt it from its share of the supernatural ; hence it may be permitted to have its ghost or spectre, and my purpose is to record its presence — for I have most assuredly seen it 1 I will not say that at the time of its unexpected appearance to me that I was terror-stricken, as most commonly is the case : but I will admit that a momentary awe possessed me — such as might faii'ly possess anyone who gazes unexpectedly on an unaccountable vision, and of which no one need be ashamed when he is Suddenly forced into the impression that he is standing in the presence of something which does not belong to the confines of the present world. I have, however, seen the apparition since, many times, and must confess also that its presence does not not now inspire me with the same uneasy feel ing as at its first appearance, and, probably, because I am now more familiar with it. I have also pointed it out to others, how and with what result will hereafter he seen. I take it that all ghosts, in the common acceptation of the. term, , have really but little of .the supernatural about them ; and this par ticular one may yet be traced to natural causes and effects— who knows ? From this I deduce that it takes a-, combination of many concurrent circum stances to produce a veritable ghost, of which, at- .the moment of . its sudden appearance, the spectator is wholly unaware.; or more or less so in propor tion as he is more or less given to caution in first impressions, which are efforts of reason, and en dowed with what is termed presence of mind. For instance, the appearance of visions of this nature are. in numbers of instances connected and coupled with awful past crimes which have, or which are. supposed'to have, been enacted at or near the spot where it is to be seen, or with which it is supposed to be connected. Concurrent with this, or with any known immediate departure of a soul from this world occurring, about the period when the vision appears may, and no doubt - does, inspire the spec tator with a melancholy feeling which is calculated to render his mind a . ready prey .to impressions which are modified or : vanish altogether upon further and more calm investigation." Now, I have no doubt— indeed, I may and do admit, that when I first saw the apparition it is my purpose to de scribe, I was aware that an old. and I believe re spected, inhabitant of this town lay but a few hours dead in the very vicinity of its appearance — so close, in fant, as. to rorirtav it n.ttTiormnrn£.r»t. «<«««_ 7 M-ijuwOW sible for an ordinary mortal to disconnect the two events. I should despise myself if I was carried away by a process of reasoning tending to such a conclusion ; but the first impression to that effect inlay be excused from the very fact that it was in voluntary, and, in the case I am describing, very naturally arose from, and may be attributed to, my deep feeling of sorrow for and strong sympathy with the bereaved friends of. the deceased person. I did not notice at the time the exact day of the first appearance of the apparition, nor have I at this moment by me any evidence which can fix it with more certainty ; but I telieve.it was on. Tuesday night, the ninth day of February, at about half-past , ten o'clock, when I first saw it. I was not alone, as I was with my wife, on my way home from a visit I had been paying to a Mr. W , residing some few hundred yards due north of the spot where I saw the spectre, and from whose house we had approached it in nearly a direct line. . My involun tary exclamation on perceiving it, forgetting for the moment my -regard for the. nerves of the deli cate object I had on my arms, was, " What on earth is that?" and a timid "What 1" accompanied by a nervous grasp of my arm, brought me at once to my recollection. I replied, " There ! there 1 — do not be alarmed ; it is very mysterious, it is nothing, — do you not see that long white figure, looking like the spray of a fountain, in the cleft of the dark foliage close in front of us ?" Looking, as she afterwards told me, in the direction I pdinted to, but still hop ing not to see anything, she saw, in constrained silence; the mysterious object to which I had directed her attention. I must here digress to say that as an investigator into the laws by which the universe is governed, and more, particularly those which immediately concern the globe we inhabit, I have a firm and utter disbelief in anything which does violence to those laws — hence witchcraft, spiritualism, appari tions, and so forth, so far as I am . concerned, live only in my supreme contempt ; but I am prepared to admit that many things which may excite super stitious feelings do exist, and may occur and be witnessed in good faith and siucerity, which may give colour to the assumption that they are - a part of the Creator's ordinance ; and the kaleidoscope of events, varying to every single point of vision ap plied to it, must necessarilycomplicate the question in the domestic history of the world. Judge, therefore,, kind reader, of the utter prostration of reflecting power which wholly absorbed me while, with my timid partner cliuging to me, I traced the first hun dred yards towards the spectral form after its dis-" covery, exclaiming, breathless with expectancy and in subdued accents intended only for my partner's ear, " Look 1 what can it be— surely it is moving ?" During the short period which intervened- till the spectre had passed from our view for that night, I ; lived a lifetime of mystery, and 'mid the crowd of associations which rushed through- mybrai n ; as in - a confused dream, foremost among them came what I had read about the Banshee ; and I seemed im pelled to cast to the winds my evidences and previ- ous experiences, and to accept the vision as .paip- able and ostensible realisation , of . its presence, though I strenuously refused to admit — still some what' doubtfully — that it could have any personal application to either of us. Had the occurrence taken place in some parts of Ireland, and' have been witnessed by those upon whom such things take a powerful hold, a new legend Would have been \- added to those already in existence and whose name is legion— born, as they have doubtless been, of superstition, nursed in error, and shrined in tradi tion. To' return, however, to the thread of my narra tive, I may here state that the appearance of what i shall still call -the " Spectre," as . I have since found, is intermittent and neither regular or con tinuous, and that its appearance and disappearance is not subject to human control. By the time this paper is issued, in the publication it is intended for, I regret to say that it will wholly have vanished ; but in the sequel, which will appear in the follow ing issue; I shali be able to satisfy the curiosity of those who may desire to see it, and compare it with these notes, by stating tlie time when its reappear ance may be. expected and the hours when it is visible, which I find is not necessarily the same, on every evening.- Its discovery, therefore, being ac cidental, under such circumstances, may account for the fact that its weird-like form has hitherto escaped attention. The sequel to the above extraordinary story will be given in next issue. — Ed. G. I. E. Sir Henry Barkley, Governor of Cape Colony, has annexed Griqualand to the colonial possessions , of the British Crown. The native tribes are ex pected to oppose the annexation. the Winefred, ship, has sailed from London for Brisbane, with five hundred ait-mus and agricul- _ turits. 