Jfli AROUT TOWN. His Excellency, the new Governor, has g|fopommenced his career by giving his flountenance and support to one very im- &wpbrtant; public institution, and by patronis- the farewell benefit of a talented and Jgpdeserving I'asnianian artiste, and thus far shown that - the old ladies, who. no CS.doubt expressed the opinions of the Jjgzr, younger ones, and who gave vent to such ®:Sattering comments on his personal ap- petrancc. on his urrtvnl, were correct m viheir judgment of his character, when they asserted so confidently from the im- -"-/pression that he " was a nice man." For i<rty part I feel quite n relief from a con- V»tant dread of iinurchy and Northern as- mfawtion of fancied claims to equality, and 'possibly contingent lawlessness and /jdepredation, when l turn my eyes in the Idlection of Government House, and see ®.the Royal Standard floating ns a guarnntee Mjbf the serenity of Sleepy Hollow not being SfJ'too suddenly disturbed by the innovations M(of_ maniac reformers, who are silly enough ®JtO,'drcam that we arc not tlic happiest, the ffifhSsiest, and the most energetic community ififrexistcnce. A Governor is a Governor P&jjfto; me, and as long ns wc have one at all satisfied. I a in not disposed to be reNcal, aud when 1 know that Mr. Weld subscribed to the four cardinal points iV-ofJtbe amenities of opinion which nrc ex- v-;0pWted from every stranger, and that lie is -./soffrecly disposed to mix up in the social ' rmOYcmcnts of the people, I feel ashamed when his carriage drove up to the entrance of the Supreme Court that uoth- r -flpg -.better was provided, as a substitute " ror Tasmaniau soil, for him to walk on, "-.thin some very narrow and cheap coir tltviftatiiog obtainable in the market at about .«!' A'7M' per yard. It is well known ? that he has admitted the altitude and in- '' spiring influences of Mount Wellington; V tnit he has succeeded in giving original i ' expression to an unbounded admiration of 1 the translucent Derwent ; nnd that lie has > already, on several occasions, gone into ' : complacent raptures about the invigorat- >r \ jng nature of the climate, unseasonable \- 1 ; ana all us the weather 1ms been, since his ' ./advent. Under these circiimstnnccs n i 7carpet made of manillarope yarns seems it shabby affair for him to walk on. The fourth of our peculiar institutions lie has nqt only been complimentary about, hut a. > y has promised to encourage during his stay with us. If he did not deserve a decent ! ( carpet to walk upon for acquiescing in the ? general opinion of the mountain, the river, t'Araod the climate, he certainly does for the i' sympathy he. has shown with so valuable an institution as the Working Men's Club. KcuWbcn he bocr to open the Sailors' Home, b; </yrhich he will, no doubt, shortly be rc- quested to do, I trust they will allow him t&ito; walk on the gravel or the flagstones, if A the y cannot borrow n piece of tolerably V decent stair carpet for the occasion. The drapers nave during the post week been suffering from an unexpected attack \- upon their exposed goods ; they were all summoned to the Police Court under a moral law. It hns been wisely enacted cVthat it is not alone the duty of well-to-do ;lJfetraUcsmen to contribute towards the cx- jspense of reforming as well as punishing arc constitutionnlly incapable of lEeeping their hands from picking and $qiealing ; but that they be compelled also MftjjS keep temptation out of the way of the ;Mlleptomaniacs who are liable to gmdulgc their pilfering instincts wben can do it under favourable IpEmid not over fatiguing circumstances. men who made this law agaiust the ;Mberty of the draper and the convenience is customers have, doubtless, a tliou- jft|||qmd times , expressed- adinirntion of the $£qbmparaiive bravado of Alfred tho Great, lrhen he hung goldcu trinkets, enriched |%wlth sparkling jewels, so temptingly on the 'SflwJwbwajs ofMcrric England in the olden aud nobody stole them. What wc to arrive at, it seems to mc, is thnt present state of improved civilisa- jragftttoii the morality of the people shall be as |%|much a. safeguard against the loss of a .pttiree- ahd-Bixpcnny shirt as it was in Al- days against the unlawful appro priation of untold gold.' And this is not he done by presenting such physical b® barriers as. shop ..windows between, the Ifewould-he thief and his prey ; for if the ||pwin to live by stealing remains with him, jbis instincts will teach him to break the ||yjrindows to get at it, and. thus wc have a 3|jnorc serious crime to deal with, although, |Mperhnps, of less frequent occurrence. Carry Sjgajput this principle of non-cxpasure of pro- Serty to its utmost limits, and you will jUnd yourself dealing with the question of YfttSrhetlier it is not improper for tlie squatter wn9$ aMw k8 sheep to remain in an open |&jjgmddock; all night, or for the market gar- Kpdj&wner;, to permit ripe cherries and tempting j&mruwbsrries; to grow outside during tbe feStthours of darkness. HmK uinmah>Dg is a sterling industry, and njServes to utilise an immense quantity of &||£frasraaman fruit, otherwise liable to be Sprastcd. From the number of firms who fgggppcar to be profitably engaged in it, one h/.iffiwould take it-to be a more than ordinarily lucrative business and one in which . it t-KWould not be absolutely necessary to cm- »ly very 'small, boys to perform men's K$rork, and yet .it appears that little fellows tender years are placed over seething fywauldrons of boiling jam, in a heat that the Kffljffihermoroeter would fail to register, there stir with .might and maiu . to prevent peing scalded to death by a sudden up- rising of the liquid sweets under their charge. In a case ut the Police Court Insi week it transpired that a delicate boy had been left in charge of a pan, with the in junction that if he failed to stir hnrd enough' he would be scnlded to death. Under such circumstances it would be Vcnsoiiablc to suppose thnt he did stir to the host of his ability, but without avail, as the luscious compound got the mastery ot him, to the disgust of the overseer, who was declared innocent of having clouted him for his want of strength or skill to keep the contents of the copper in ahcynucc, and who was informed hy the Bench that if tie had boxed the hoy's ears, under such aggravating circumstances, lie was fully justified in administering so mild a correction for so heinous an offence. I want to sec that ghost "making night hideous" down at Sandy Bay, but i am informed lie docs not allow anything in tlic garb of helltoppers, breeches, and a good stout walking stick, to approach him, so I. am at a loss to know how to obtain an interview previous to seeing tlic amiable youth before the City Bench. When I do see him, however, I shall have the annoy ance of contemplating ns brainless and lang-curcd a sneak as ever whimpered before n tribunal of justices, unfortunately not having power — however much they might desire it — to order twenty-five lashes, according to the prescription of the Attorney-General — slowly and deliber ately, but, withal, emphatically laid on. Vox. 