ON THE TERRACE!. Thc stately lady, the grave, calm man, Stood on tao terrace together ; 'Mid the bright rose thickets tho revellers strayed, From lawn to foantata tbe children played. And bidilon music sweet melodies matts. At tbe fete lo the summer weather. toto careless, languid courtesy, Sbo bent to hear him speak Of toe newest book and the latest play, or thc keenest move in the statesman's fray, or the freshest tonic of tho day, Or tho morrel of thc week. lightly witta his practised tongue. Ho touched on alt and each, With hero a sneer and thoro a jest. And now a grave word as to attost, " 1 give you the foam on the top-tho tost Ko passing hand can reach." Yet once, ah mo, how long ago ! Each one was all to tho othor ; When every whlsporod word of his Woko hor young heart to a dream of bliss. Doos tho ghost of first love's trembling kins Still lingcrlug round them hovor P Thc moasure ortho music changed : On tho summer broese there stole A low, sweet, simple, homely air, Such as ouo listens to cverywhorc. To the two who louuged on tho terrace there It spoke os to heart and soul. Uer proud head drooped, his low volco ceased : For a momeat in thought they stood, young, cager, fearless, happy and true. As wheu no cold wisdom ctaimod her duo. When lovo was fresh and hope was new, AL the tryst in the solemn wood. A vivid flush ou thc storn bronzed face, A tear in tho large blue eyes, Then back to the world, and tts talk again : Custom closed chill o'er the instant's pata. For thought was a folly and memory vain, lu tho path that before them lier. YOUNG Amorica is very forward. " I'll put a head on you," said a little gamin to a companion. "You try it," was the quick reply, " and your mother's monkey will be a cherub in ten seconds." WaiLB on her way to leap into the river, a Minneapolis girl mot a mao, who proposed manage, and she turned back and was happy. Almost any day now one can count four or five Minneapolis girls wanderiug along the river banks. A shoemaker was taken up for bigamy and brought before the sitting magistrate, " Which wife," asked a bystandor, " will be be obliged to take ?" Smith, always ready at a joke, replied, " He is a cobbler," and of course must stick to his last. UKDEB cross-examination aa a witness at the Durham assiiOB, a matron turned up to her nose at the insinuation that hor daughter was inclined to wed a widower. "Very likely, indeed," enid she, with a tots of her band, "that my daughter should marry a second-band man?" A VIRGINIA gentleman who advertised in these columns some weeks ago for young ladies to correspond with him for amusement, and in the background for matrimony, putting by way of parenthesis that his income was £20,000 per annum, informs us by letter that be has already netted twice the coBt of his advertising bill for selling ns waste paper accumulated letters, has made fifty dollars by selling the photographs among the rural population in bis vicinity, been threatened with vitriol sixteen times, and bas eix breach of promise cases ou baud already. Tbat is enough to weaken any man, as Stanley says.-Washington Capita}. Nor very long ago, a man considerably under the influence of drink, entered one of the city omnibuses in Glasgow. On being scated, he soon became troublesome and annoying to the other passengers, and it was proposed to eject bim. This woald have boen done instantly, but e genial and kind-hearted reverend doctor who was also a passenger, interposed for bim, and soothed bim into good behaviour for the remainder of the journey. Before leaving, however, be scowled upon tho other occupants of the 'bus, and muttered some words of contempt, but shook bands cordially with the doctor, and said, "Good day, my friend) I see ye ken what it is to be drunk." BociBiiirro.v.-Primed by CH. Bc;ACOTT.iel»pro- prietor, st the BcLtcTiN steam pristine oBce, Denham-street, Blay 22,1876. 