Lucius Davoren [BX IBS AUTHO& OP 'HKNH* DVJfBAM.'} ? ' LncUle,' he said tenderly, Baatalniog the almost fain iag girl; 'the truth is always beaL You shall knbn- ell I can tell you. -.There are aiBeasea which baffle even experience; there «re Bymptomi whioh may mean one thing or another, mav- indioate suoh and each a state, ?or bis the1 eflfect of 'aoohiilateB exactly Qgps ?atte; there are oymptoms a?hich ; may jmse alifo from natural causes or from a slow anfl subtle poison. This is why so many a, victip has been done to death under the^' very eye of his medical atceadant, and only when too late \- tbe hideous troth has dawned unontlie doctor1* mind, and he has asked himself with bitter j self-reproacb. 'Why did 1 not make this dis * feovery Booner?'' . ? ? ' ' Whom could you suspect P' cried Lucille. 'M.&m;!«o-i&deht; as to the fidelity of Mr. and - Mrs- Wincher. They have had it ,in their power to rob my grandfather at any moment, | if gain could have tempted them to injure ' them. Why, afeer all these years of finthfal servitude, should they attempt to murder him?' . This was said ia a low tremulous voice, - terror still holding possession of the girl's dia- ! tractei mind. j ? ' Tae thought is as horrible as it appears impossible,' said Luoius, whose apprehensions j had as yet assutnsd only the vaguest form, j He had never meant to betray this shadowy fear, which had arisen only within the lost twenty-four hours ; but he had been led on to .say more than he intended. - _'? Let us speak no move of it, dearest,' he said soothingly. 'Ton attach too much importance to my words. I have only sug gested care ; I have only told you a well-known foot, namely, that the symptoms of slow poison ing and of nutural disease are sometimes exactly alike.' ? ' Y/ou have filled me with fear and horror 1' cried Lucille, shuddering. 'Let me bring a nurse into the house,'' pleaded . Lucins, angrjr with himself for his imprudence. ' Her presence would at least give you courage and confidence.'' ' Ko'; X will hot have my grandfather frightened to death. He shall take nothing but what 1 prepare for him ; no one shall gt- near him but f, or without my being pre sent.' ; ' By tbe way,'' ? said Lucius tnonghtf nlly, ' you remember that nsise I heard the even ing we went up to the loft together P' ! 'f remember your fancy about a noise,?' Lncille answered carelessly, 'My fancy, then, if you like. I suppose , nothing has ever happened since to throw f, light upon that fancy of mine ?' i '' Nothing.' , , . { 'You are quite sure that no stranger could obtain admission to those up-stairs room9, or ? to any part of this house P' ' ; 5 ? ft Qmte.sure.' . ' JLn that case we may rest assured that all is ' ettte/and yon need think no more of anything I have said.' ' . . ; ,' \- He trued with every 'art he .knew to aootke ,, «vay tbe fears which his imprudent words had ocoaaioned, but could not altogether succeed in tranquillising her, thongh he brpught the Amati violin into requisition, and played some of his -sweetest symphonies-— melodies which, to quote lire. fVmober, 'might have drawed tears ont of a deal board.' Nothing ould dispel the cloud which he had raised ; and he left Oedar House full of trouble, and self-reproach, beyond measure angry with himself for his folly. ' Chapter. II. , urcins is puzzled. 'When Lucius made his early visit — now always the first dn:y of every ?day— to' Oedar House on the folio ring, morning he found that IiuCille hadalready aoted upon his advice. The dressing room— a slip of a room communicat ing with Mr. Sivetvright'8 spacious chamber had been furnished in a rough and ready man ner with a chair and table,, an old cabinet, brought down from the loft, to hold cupa and' glasses, (medicine bottles and other odd ments; a little row of saucepans, neatly arranged in a cupboard by the small fireplace ; and a narrow little iron bedstead, in the corner of the room. ' 1 shall sleep here at night,' said Lucille, &b; Lucius surveyed her preparations,' ' and if 1 keep that door fljar, 1 can hear every sound in the next room.' ' My darling, it will never do for you to be on the watch at night,*' he answered anxiously. 'You will wear yourself out is a very short time. Anxiety by day and wakefulneBS by night will soon tell their tale,' ' Let me have my own way, Lucius,' she -pleaded, ' You say yourself that my grand~ father wants no attendance at night. He told me only this morning that he sleeps pretty well, and rarely wakes till the morning. But it will be a satisfaction to me to feel that 1 am close at hand, ready to wake at his call. 1 am a very light sleeper.' ' Was Mrs. Wincher angry at your taking the work out xtf her hands ?'' ' She seemed vexed, just at first ; but 1 gave her a kiss, add talked her over. ' You'll fag yourself to death, Miss Lucille,' she said ; , ' but do as you please. It'll leave me from for my cleaning.' You know, Lucius, what a . passion she has for muddling about with a paii and a scrubbing-brush, and turning oat odd corners. The cleaning never seems to make any difference ' in ? the look ot that huge kitchen ; but if it pleases her, one cannot com plain. O, Lucius, she went on, in an anxious 'whisper, ' 1 was awake all the night thinking ol your dreadful words. .1 trust ia God you nay find my grandfather better this morn-, ing.' ? ... '? L hope so dearest; but, believe me, you attach- far toomuoh importance to my foolish .'words last night. If you can trust the TViu ohers there can be no possible ground for fear. What enemy could approach your grand father here f,' i: ' Enemy!' repeated buoille. as if struck by . the word. ' What enemies could he have— a poor harmless old man P' .' Lucius went into Mr. Sivewright's room, He found his patient still suffering from that strange depression, of spirits whioh had ? weighed him down lately; still complaining of the symptoms which had perplexed tuciua since his return from Stillmington. 'There are strange noises in the house,' . said the old man querulously, when the usual . questions had bees asked and answered. : ' I, heard them last night — stealthy footsteps creeping along the passage— -doors opening and shotting— caution- muffled steps, 'that had a secret guilty sound.'' - - ' All movement in a house has that stealthy sound in the Btnall hoars,' said LuciuB, sorely perplexed himself, yet anxious to reassure his patient. 'Yonr housekeeper or her husband may have been up later than usual, and nay have crept quietly up to bed.' ' I tell yon this was in the middle of the' , night,' answered Mr. Sivewright impatiently. ' ' The, Winchers are as methodical in their habits as the old dock in the hali I asked . Jacob this morning if he bad been astir after midnight, and he told me he had not.' ' The fact is, my dear sir, you are nervous,' said Lucius in a soothing tone.. 'Yon lie awake and fancy Bounds which have no exist ence, or at any rate do not exist withtn the ?? ? ^m . ' ' ; ' [. w ?. ''' ''Mi house. -f-\ ? 'l.tell you, the sound awoke.jae,' replied the other still more impatiently.'' v'l wa^ sleeping tolerably when the eound of that hate ful footstep staj-tlea me into perfect wakeful: ness. There wft.9 a naraelesg horror to my mind in that stealthy .tread. Tit sounded IikeJ the step of an uaaaasip.'' ; 'Gome. Mr. Sivewright/' said Lucius in that ©radical tone which does much to tran-* quillise a nervous patient, ' if this is, as 1 firmly believe it to be, -a mere delusion of your senses, ibsnA be easiest diipelled by investi^. gation. Let us face the unknown foe, and make a speedy end of him. Suffer me to keep watch to night ia this room, unknown to all m the honse except yourself, and I will answer for it the ghos_t shall be laid.' : 'Wo,' answered Mr. Sivewright doggedly, ' 1 am not solohiMishor 'sb -weak«minded as to ask) another man to corroborate the evi dence of my own senses, .1 tell you, Davoren, the thing is If ,1 believed in ghoatn, the mat ter would trouble me little enough. All tbe phantoms that were ever supposed to make night hideous might range these passages, and glide up and down yonder stair/2aBe at their pleasure. Bat 1 do not believe in the super natural ; and the sounds that I have heard are distinctly human?' - ' t*et me hear them, too.' ' No, 1 tell you,' answered the patient with smothered anger ; ' i will have no one to play : the spy upon my elumber. if this is the delusion of an enfeebled brain, I have sense euough left to find out the falsehood for my- j self. Besides, the intruder, if there be one, cannot do me any harm. Yonder door is securely locked every night.' . J ' Can yon trust the lock P' j ' Do you think L should have put a bad one ' to a room that contains such treasures ? No, , tbe lock is one 1 chose isjself, ahS wonld baffle a practised bnrglar. there is 'the same kind , of lock on yonder door, communicating with the dressing-room. L turn the key In both : with my off a hand erery night after Wincher : has left me . Turn still strong enough to move about the room, though 1 feel my strength lessening day by day. God pity me when X he helpless on yonder bed, as 1 must do ; soon.' .., ' Nay, my dear sir, let us 'hope fora favour^ able change ere long.' ? ' 1 have almost left off 'hoping,' answered the old man- wearily. ! ' All the drugs in your surgery will not cure me. T am tired of try ing first this medicine and then fhat. For some time, indeed, 1 believed that you under stood my case; 'that your medicines were of some good to me.' Withittthe last three weeks they have seemed only to. aggravate ray dis order.'1 , ' k . - Lnoius tuok up a medicine bottle from ..the little table by this bed half absently. It was empty. ? ? ? ? ; .. ?? When did you take your' last dose?1' he asked. ... ; .-. . \ ? s ', ' ' Half -an-hour ago.' /;, »1 will try to find you a new' tonic; some- , thing that, shall not produce the nftuaea you. hare, complained of lately. 1 cannot under stand how this mixture should have had such an effect; but it is just possible you may have an antipathy to quinine. I will give you- a' medicine without any quinine.' ??' ? '' - . ' Mr. |3ivenright gave an impatient sigh, expressive* of non-belief in the whole faculty of medicine. - ; 'Do what jou please with me,' he said. 'If you do not sticceedjin lengthening my life, C«appoBe L may depend upon your, not short ening it. And as you charge me nothing for your services, I have no right to complain if ta^jrv^ae corresponds with the rate of your recompense.' '' ; ''. ' I am sorry to see you have lost confidence' in me, sir,' said Lucius, somewhat wounded, yet willing to forgive it sick man's petulance. 