jLucius Bavoren fBX THE AUTHOE OF 'HBJfttr »CWBAa.7'J ?-«t«viknow. Goon, pray.' 'Well she came past tiie window, looking so pde and etrange. witi) her hands claefped upon her forehead, as if sUe'd been strnpk all of a heap by somethiuk as and frightened her. I bounced out upon her eudding, and I Bap. pose tuats cared her nil the more ; for she gave a little skreefc, mid seemed as if she'd uave dropped oa tho ground. 'Lor, Miss Lucille, «« r 'it's onlr-me.' What in goodness name's the matter ?' But Bbe turned is off in her quiet way. and said she'd only felt a little dull and lonesomslike without yon. ? Miss Lucille,' says 1, ' you look for all the world as if you'd seen a ghost* And she looks at me ' with her quiett smile, and says, ' People do see ghosts sometimes, Winoher; bnt I've seen none to-night;' and then all of a suddiig she gives way, «.ud busts oat crying. * Aetaricall,' Bays I; and t takes her into the parlenr, and makes her lie di«vn ou the sofa, and biles up the kittle with half a bundle of wood, and makes her a cup of tea, and after that she \- comes round again all right. You mustn't let oat, to her that I've told you about it, Dr. Davory ; for she begged and prayed of me pot to sav a word, only J thongkt it my bonding duty'to tell you.' ' ' And yon were rig'ot, Mrs. Wincher. Ho, I'll not. betray you. This dismal old house is enough to blight any life. Haw L msh 1 could take her to a brighter borne withont delay!' ? . ' I'sa sure 1 wis a you could, answered Mrs. Wincher heartily ; ' for -I inust Bay there never was a house that' less repaid the trouble of ; ? cleaning, or weighed heavier oa the spirits.'1 This little change of confidences had taken place in this forecourt, where Mrs. Winoher had detained Mr. Dav&ren; while she disbur dened her bosom of its weight. LuciuB went straight to the parlour, where Lucille whs seated before ;i formidable pile of household liaen— table-cloths in the last stage of attenuation, 6bdot8 worn threadbare, which she was darning with a sublime patience,. She looked up as Lucius entered the room, and a faint flush liehted up the pale face at sight of her lover. Yet, despite her pleasure at bis return, he saw that Bbe had changed for the worse during his brief absence. The transient glow faded from her cheek, and left hev paler than of old; the hand Lucius held in both his ? own was burning with a slow fever. 'My dearest,' he said anxiously, ''has any- thing 'been amiss in my absence ?' ' Was not your absence itself amiss ?' she asked, with the faintest possible smile. ' 1. . have been very dull and very sad without you ; that is all.' ' And yu have f retted yonrself into a feyer. O, Lucille, end all difficulties ; make no im possible conditions, and let me take you away from this great lonely house very soon. 1 ? cannot give you the fair home we have talked . about yet awhile— it may even belong before \- prosperity comes to us ; biit all that patience and courage can do to achieve fortune 1 will , do for your dear sake. 1 would not ask you j to share and debt poverty, Lucille; 1 would not | urge you to link your fate with mine if L did, \- not sec my way to a secure position, if 1 had 1 not already the means of providing a decent home for my sweet young bride.' ' Do you think that the fear of poverty has .ever influenced mef No, Lucius, you must know me better than that. Bat 1 will not let yon burden yourself too soon with a wife. Believe me I am more than content. I am very hnppy in my present life, for I see you nearly every day. And 1 would not leave my poor old grandfather in his declining years. Let us thick of our marriage as something , Btill a. long way off— in that happy future ' which it is so sweet to talk and dream about. Only, Luc'tis.' she went on in a faltering tone, . and with a downward look in the eyes that were wont to meet his own so 'frankly, ?' you : spoke just now of my having imposed too hard a condition upon you — you meant, of course, ?with regard to my father ? ' ' Ves, dear.' ' 1 have been thinking u great deal about this subject in your absence, and haveoometo see it in a new light. The condition' was too 'difficult ; forget that 1 over imposed it, 1 am content to kaow no .more of my father's fate than 1 know already ' 'This change is very sudden, Lucille.' Tt was a relief* to be rid of that troublesome] search: f jr a man who seemed to have vanished| utterly from baman ken. He wrote' to .Mr, Otranto. the doteosive, that very night, bidding ] him abandon the inquiry; ubout Ferdinand Hvewright. .???..'.'' a- , «. La'-' Kr. Sivewright received bis medical attena ant with a, somewhat fretful air next morning, and Lucius was botu shocked and surprised to discover that a .'change for the tforse had occurred in his patient daring bis absence. There was avouch of fever that was ncw-ro the case— a nervous depression, such as he had not found in the invalid for soine time past. ' But this change seemed the effect of mental ex-. sitement rather than oE physical weakness. -; 1 ' Why did you icave me so long ? ' asked - !ir. Sivewright peevishly v .'But lam a fool , id a3k such a question; i pay you nothing, 1 md it is not likely you -would allow any con- J lideration for my comfort to stand in the way , -f your pleasures.' . j ' 1 have not been taking pleasure, anstverea Lucius quietly,' nor could 1 give you more nonest service than I do now were you to pay tne five hundred a year for my attendance. Why are you always so ready to suspect me of 3ordid motives P' . * ' because I have never found mankind governed by any other motives,' renlied the old man. ' However, 1 daresay I wrong you I like you, and you have been very good to me; bo go^d that 1 have come to lean upon you as if you were indeed that stuff of my age which 1 ought to have found ma sou. law glad you have come hick. Do you believe in sinister influences, in presentiments of approaching misfortune ? Do you believe that Death casts a warning shadow across oar pa;h when he draws near us f' . ... ,» 'I believe that invalids are fanciful, auswered Lucius lightly; 'you have been thinking too much during my absence.** ' Fanciful 1' repeated Sir. tfivewnght with a Bigh, ' yes, it may aava been nothing more than a sick mans fancy. Yet 1 have eeemed to feel a shadowy presence in this house— the unseen presence of an enemy. There have been strange Bounds, too, in the long sleeplesa night— not last night, all was quiet enough then ? but on xhe previons njght ; sounds of doors opening and shutting; stealthily opened, stealthily closed, but not so quietly done as to cheat my wakeful ears. Once 1 could have sworn that 1 heard voices ; y«t when 1 ques tioned both^he Winchers next morning, they declared they bad heard nothing.'1 ' Did you say anything to Lucille about the noises P' ' Not a word. Do you think I would scare that poor lonely child? No, the house is dreary enough. 1 won't put the notion of, ghosts or other midnight intruders into her head; cirls brains are quick enough to grow fancies. ' 'There was wisdom ia that reserve,' said Luciusj and then he went on thoughtfully, ?' The noises you heard were natural enough, I have no doubt. Old houses are fruitful of phantoms; doors loosely fastened, old_ looks that have lost their spring; given a strong wind, aud you bare a ghostly promenade.1' 'But there was no wind 'he night before last. The air was hot and sultry. 1 had my window open all night.' ' And you may therefore have imagined the noises in yonder road to be sounds proceeding from the interior of thts house -Nothing is so deceptive its the sense of hearing, especially in nervous subjects.' ?'.No, Davoren, 1 made no such mistake. Nothing you or any one else can say will con vince aie that 1 did not hear the shutting- of the heavy outer door— a door in the back premises that opens upon the garden. 1 should perhaps, have thought lsas of this fact, strange and aluvmins? as it is in itself, were it not for my own feelings. From the hour in which I heard those sounds L have had an overpower ing sense of approachiug evil. 1 feol that something, or same influence inimical to my self, is near at hand, overshadowing and sur rounding my life with its evil power. 1 feel almost as i felt twelve yea'-s ago, when 1 woke from my drugged sleep to find that my son had robbed me.' , 'The delusion of. sin overwrought brain,' said Lucius, ' 1 must give you a6edative that will insure better sleep. ' ' No, for pity's' siike,' cried the old man eagerly, 'no opiates. Let me retain my natural sense to the last. If there is danger at hand 1 need it all the more' 'There can be no such \bing as danger,'' 'No, it is not sudden: I have had ample time for thought in these two long dayB. 1 had no right to ask so much of you.' Let my father's fate be what it tn.iy, neither you nor I ? could have power to alter it.' It had somewhat strangely that this release was nut altogether welcome to Lucius. He had thought his mistress unreasonable before ; he thought her capricious now. 'I hare no desire in this business except to obey you/' he said somewhat coldly. ' Am 1 . to understand, then, that I am absolved from my promise P I am to make no farther effort to discover Mr. Sivewright a fate.' 'No farther effort. 1 renounce altogether the idea of tracing out my father's life.1' ' You are content to remain in utter ignor ance of his fate— not to know whether he is '? living or dead P' ' ' ' ? ..' fie is in God'a hands. What could my \- : feeble help do for him f' 'And after cherishing the idea of finding him aTl these' years, you abandon the notion at «noe and for ever t' *' Tec You- think me changeable— frivo- Ions; perhaps P'' with a faint sigh. ' Forgive me, Lucille. 1 cannot help thiak ? ing you just a little capricious. 1 am natu rally very glad to be released from the task yoa imposed upon me, which i felt was almost impossible. Yet I can but wonder that your opinions sUoujd undergo 60 complete a change. However, I do not question the wisdom of your present decision. 1 have'placed the business in the hands of Mr. Otranto, the . detective. You wish me to withdraw it— to forbid farther inquiries on his part P' ' Yes - lit will be better so. He- ib not likely to discover the truth. He would only raise false hopes, to end in bitter disappoint Htent.V '?''?' . ? ' His manner was certainly far from hope ?1 f nl when 1 .put the case before him. . But these men have an estaordinary power of 1 hunting np evidence. He might succeed.' ' ' No, no, Lucius. He would only lure you on to spend all your hardly-earned money, and fail at hist. T«ll him. your inquiry is at an ?eni And now let us Bay no more about this painful Bubject. You are not angry with me, Lucius, for having ' caosed yon so' muoh tro»Me?: r~?mmmm \- . It is impossible for mejto be angry with you, Lucille,' answered the surgeon; and then followed the foolish lovers' talk, at which Hrs. Wincher (presently appearing with the supper tray, whereon was set forth a banquet ?u nonsuiting of a plat* o£ hard biscuits and a tumbler of London milk, for Lucille' s refresh ment) assisted in her capacity of dueana and guardian fto'gel, for half-an-bour of wiallayed bliss: after which she escorted Lucius to the grim old 'gate, like a state prisoner led across the garden of the Tower on liia way toexecution. '? ' 1 shall oomo early to-morrow to see your grandfather,' said Lncine to Lucille at part ing. ™ He went home lighter-hearted than usual said Lucius ; ' but 1 will examine tne tasten iags of that back door, and of all other external doors, and, if necessary, have the locks and bolts made more secure.' 'The locks and bolts are strong enongh. You need waste no money on them 1 used to fasten all the doors myself every night before my illness.' ' Y ou have every reason to thru6t the Winchers, I supDose P' 'As much reason us i can have to trust any human being.. They tmvje served me up wards of five-aud-twenty years and I have never yet found them out in tiny attempt to cheat me. They may have been robbing me all the time, nevertheless, as my son robbed me and may wind up by cutting my throat.' ''' 1 crime that wjuld hardly repay them for their trouble, I imagine,' said Lucius, with his thoughtful smile', ' since you possess no thing but -your collection, and the asBassinB could hardly dispose of that.' ' Perhaps not.. Bat they may thiak that 1 am rich—in spite of all 1 ever told them of my poverty— just as you may think that L am rich and that the penniless girl you have chose a may turn ont a prize by-and-by.' '* I have no such thought,' answered Lucius meeting his patient's cunning look with tbe calm clear gaze of perfect truth; 'vyeaUh'or poverty can make no difference in my 'love for your granddaughter. For her own sake 3 might wish that she were not altogether por tionless ; for mine I can have no such desire, lvalue no fortune but such as I can win for myself.' - 