GUILTY OR NOT GUILTY. BY THE AUTHOR OF "BREACH OF PROMISE, &c.; This strange spot was on the Dunstanburgh estate, and on all that wild coast there was no place so lonely and desolate; for there were many traditions connected with it, and ghosts of shipwrecked mariners were said to meet and dance by moonlight, at low water, on the Flats and the level sand ; and even at noon, when the tide was out, there was an impression among the superstitious peasantry that the spot was ' na canny,' and that it was haunted. The rooks that shut in the Flats were an ex- cellent place for crabs, periwinkles, limpets, and whelks ; and it had been a very favourite resort of Edith's, Arthur's, and the little Crofts, when they were children, and, with nursery- maids, donkeys and panniers, when picknicking by the sea. Edith was well acquainted with a compara- tively short cut to the Flats, and she was de- termined that she would be there by noon, to prevent the hostile meeting, which must (con- sidering the vindictive and jealous feelings the young Marquis had expressed) end either in the taking of her Arthur's life, or the ruin of his peace and prospects on earth, and perhaps, through all eternity. Edith looked at her watch ; it was half-past eight. She had not breakfasted— she had taken nothing that morning, and she felt faint and sinking. She felt that she required some refreshment to enable her to carry out her scheme; and, to avert suspicion, she felt she ought to appear at the family breakfast table, Her plan was, to leave it as soon as possible, make her escape thrangh the gardens into the Black Wood, and thence across the moor, down to the sea-beach, and along the rocky coast to Dunstanburgh Flats. She knew that the Marquis and Roger, who were going to drive a great part of the way, would take a much longer and more circuitous route, but one which would render it impossible that they should meet with her. As for Arthur, she did not know what road he would take to that deadly rendezvous; but even if he took the shortcut, so well known to them in childhood, and they met among the rocks, or in the Black Wood, or on the moor, what matter? She would have the better opportunity of dissuad- ing him from listening to the call of worldly honour, when opposed to the direct command- ment of his Maker; and though her cheek flushed, and her heart beat high, at the thought of that possible meeting, she would not let even the misconstruction the Marquis and Roger might put upon it to prevent her doing what she felt to be her duty. There was a pile of straw in one corner of the loft, and carefully Edith hid up the blood- stained hat, black mask, overcoat, boots, and basin under that pile. "I do not conceal them,' she said to herself, 'because I believe it possible that the best, the kindest, and the most noble of men has sud- denly changed from a Christian gentleman into a vile, cowardly assassin; but I have a heart- sickening suspicion that my Arthur is the object of some base, crafty, and remorseless plot, which the successful concealement of these things may tend to avert,' ' Roger Croft, too (she thought), what could be his object in trying to persuade the Mar- quis that she, Edith Lorraine, loved him, and did not love Arthur ? He must know— he could not but know— that the society of the Marquis was rather distasteful to her than otherwise. He must have seen how very, very dear Arthur was to her heart. She had done her best, and so had her young lover, to con- ceal their mutual and passionate love from the world ; but the son of Mrs. Croft, the brother of Gloriana— how could he be deceived? Besides, he had constantly, when alone with her, tried to disparage and ridicule Arthur, and to make indirect attempts at winning her for himself ; and her defence of her beloved had always called forth his most malignant sarcasms and spiteful innuendoes. And now, what could be his object in firing up the Mar- quis against Arthur, and giving him hopes, which he must know to be groundless, of his lordship's obtaining her hand— her heart. After listening for some time, and hearing nothing but the waving of the fir-trees against the windows of the summer house, Edith opened the trap-door, let down the slight ladder she had drawn up after her, and step- ping softly down, she was in the little sitting room. Edith then withdrew the ladder ; she opened a window at the back of the summer house, and let the ladder out (with some diffi- culty, but she did effect it) ; and as the snow lay abaut a foot thick on that cold, northern, shaded side of the little building, it sank into the soft white deposit, and was seen no more. Edith then looked about her for a long pole with an iron hook at the end of it, with which, as children, they had been wont to pull down and fasten the trap-door. There was a little inner recess, quite dark, and full of tools, cucumber-frames, flower pots, etc., etc. Edith groped about there, in hopes of finding the pole ; as she did so, she heard voices and steps approaching the summer-house. She drew back into a dark corner ; her heart beat wildly. What if she would be found there? How conld she explain or account for her presence ? What if they should get a ladder, and search the loft ? She distinguished Roger's voice that odious voice, always disliked, and now detested; for now her quick, womanly instinct told her he was aiming at the destruction of her beloved. "I say, Meadows,' cried Roger, 'shall we have another squint at the summer-house ?' Meadows replied, ,' No, sir ; it's only wast- ing time.' "Right enough 'there, old boy,' said Lord Hauteville ; ' and if you're as sharp-set as I am, you'll be glad to be looking at something better than that rat-hole. I'm for grub. Come, Roger, let's push on,' The next moment, to Edith's great relief, they were all gone save Hubert, who, perhaps conscious of her presence, remained sniffing at the door, and whining, too, until convinced that the men who had so terrified her must have reached the house. Edith came forth, and, rusting across the crisp snow through the shrubbery, and across the gardens into the conservatory, which com- municated with the state drawing-room, escaped unperceived by any one, to her own room. There she hastily changed her dress, smoothed her hair, made a suitable toilet, and fitted her- self to attend to the summons of the breakfast bell, which rang a muffled peal, out of respect to the presence of Death in the house, about a quarter of an hour after she had re-entered her room ; but before Edith went down to the breakfast- room, she entered Ida's boudoir, and to her surprise, found that young lady flushed, excited, and in tears. Astonished at any emo- tion in one generally so impassive, Edith in- quired what had happened to discompose her sister. To her surprise, Ida said ' is it possible you do not know ? Haute- ville, our brother, our only brother— poor Brian of my nursery days, not yours— is come back ! He was very kind to me when I was a little girl, and I am so fond of him. Oh ! I have often cried when I have been awake at night, to think that I did not know where he was, and that papa had forbidden him the house.' Edith embraced Ida. She had no idea Ida could love anything or care for anybody. ' Let us go down to welcome him, Edith,' said Ida ; ' I hear he is in the butler's pantry with old Malmsey and the steward. We dare not welcome him before mamma ; let us go down to tell him how glad we are to have him back again.' Edith gladly agreed, and the two girls en- tering the butler's room, embraced the prodigal, Ida, the taller, finer woman, wept on his breast, to his great surprise; and Edith, the lovely sylph, looked up into his face to try to see something to love in it. In vain! in vain ! The goodness Ida remembered had been blotted out and blotched by habitual intemperance ; but even he was a little touched by Ida's emotion, and he felt abashed at the thought of how little he deserved her love. Meanwhile, the bald old butler stood at a respectful distance, his hands behind him, looking on ; and the steward, a jolly old fellow, peeped in at the door, well pleased to witness the prodigal's return. CHAPTER XLIII. ' Murder most foul, as in the best it is ! But this most foul, base, and unnatural! SHAKESPEARE. The Countess of Rockalpine, who habitually breakfasted in her own apartments, and sel- dom left them till the dinner-like luncheon was announced, was up betimes, out of compliment to the young Marquis. She was exquisitely dressed, her cheeks and lips were delicately tinted, and her still handsome face was sunny with smiles. She took her seat at the break- fast table, and began, by a little flow of com- plimentary small talk to enliven the rather silent and somewhat gloomy party. No one who saw Lady Rockalpine looking so pretty and so animated, smiling so sweetly, and so becomingly dressed, could have recognised the dull, sallow, discontented woman, who of late had never spoken but to scold, re- proach, complain, or bewail herself— dressed richly, of course— for she had nothing that was not costly — but latterly without any attention to the becoming, or any interest in the appearance. Lady Ida, like her mother, made the most of her charms ; but Edith, without a thought of her appearance (for her whole heart, soul, and mind were engrossed by Arthur's peril), was the sole object of the Marquis' thoughts ; and Roger Croft, whom Lord Hauteville had invited to breakfast at the Castle, as he had been so active in the fruitless search in the Black Wood, could hardly withdraw his crafty eyes from Edith's beauty The family was not yet in mourning, and therefore Lady Rockalpine, who detested black which was very becoming to her, was dressed in a ruby velvet wrapper, trimmed with ermine ; and a Marie Stuart head-dress of point lace matched by a collar and sleeves of the same. Ida was in lilac silk, and her hair exquisitely dressed ; but Edith, who had hastily arrayed herself in what came first to hand, had yet, strange to say, never appeared to greater advantage. She was flushed with the excitement of her feelings ; her hair was brushed hastily off her fine forehead, and a black velvet Zouave jacket, and black glace silk skirt, set off her fair skin by the force of contrast. Edith could not bear to put on any- thing but black, while her grandfather lay dead in the Castle. Lord Rockalpine was silent and reserved. He seldom spoke at breakfast, and was gener- ally absorbed by the Times. He did not appear to listen to the conversation at all ; but had any one been disposed to watch him, a nerrous twitching of his mouth and nostrils, and a deadlier pallor on his pale, plaster-of Paris-like face, would have betrayed the interest with which he listened to the account of the search in the Black Wood, and to Hauteville's comments on the impertinence of some idle trespasser, in defacing one of the finest trees with initials and hieroglyphics. The Countess of Rockalpine, when break- fast was over, tried to persuade the Marquis to remain at the Castle. 