S I: &RRIn; D BACHELORiS., Men continually' mistake their vocation .in.life, and undertake duties for which they hayo n t nugtral quali. fiaation. The imipulsive artist who consideas himself a better man of business than his lawyer, and who will therefoore manage his own anfritr, comes to grief.by the way; the famous clown who complains that he isa first. class tragedinn spoilt, and disappeair into the provinces to play Hamlet to the natives, as often as inot breaks down in the ghost.scene, and tails off into a gag that setstho back benches in a roar; the thick-witted squire who cannot keep a secret to save his life; and who never sees further ahead than is-day, thinks his rightful mis. sion diplomacy, because he can put his tenant into good humor on rentdany by his bluff jokes; and so undertakes the most delicate bit of social intrigue int his neighbor. hood, with the resilt of universal confusion and a hastened eotastiopho; aund the poet whose hands am as white and nervousn as a woman's, and .whose life is a dream, laments that he was not sent to sea at an early age, because the "clash of elements" delights him, and gives him ideas for a brace of sonnets. If these and other sunch square men can be kept from carrying out their mistake into action, and prevented from thrusting themselves'into 'round ehol¢s it'is. all'right= thEy' tr saved from fuilure and provided with a: grievance, either of which is an inestimable boon; but if thoy get tlie upper hand of circumstances, and are allowed to realise their phantasy, thtn they imakoia mess of their lires which nonafter efforts can repair. One of the mis takes into which some of them fall is 'arriage. Thero are men who have no vocation for marriago. Homq is a word that lis io real nieanning for them-a plaeo where there is no charm and as little duty. A wife is a tie, a clog, an incumbrance, or at best a painful noeesalty- anything but a 'hhalf" better.or worse; a helper, or a companion;: and children are locusts. These. men n?arried one day; beenaus they had 'complitted the un pardonable folly of giving way to a temporary madness they called love, and they recovered by the process; or they sold themselves for so.much in. the stocks, to find the bargain when concluded.too bitter to. be digested. They are buclicenra by nature, ond no legal ties can make threm nything. else. ,Their line.is essentially single, and they have no notion of a life '" dria. They give up.no old habits oftheir aecholor days. because of the wife oat homeo, rcecognise no oew deuties beesuse of their change of state. The utmost concession they make to their condition i-to be seen to'ether in formal ceomplny at home. For anything closer or moe do mesticatednl-for tild.d-Itd evenings passedl with the wife alone, for pleasant little jaunts together, renowing the lore.time and tile honeymoon, for conversation carried on with grace, with spirit, a desire to please or to shine where she is the only listener, for anything like homd jays or home pride-they have no more vocation or desire than they have for rocking the cradle upstairs as the small locusts successively arrive. Toumours prlefi is the text on which they found the acted sermon of their lives; and in the fear of getting prematurely tired of their mnatrimonial partridge, they are careful to take her society only in infinitessimal doses, and not to risk the chance of being cloyed by a mrficil. 