SCIENCE. SCIENTIFIC GOSSIP. A discussion has been carried on in Nature respecting the probability, of the discovery in New Guinea of a species of rhinoceros. Mr. Walker cites the testimony of Mr. Smith and Captain Moresby as to their having seen large heaps of freshly- dropped dung similar to that of the rhino- ceros, and the statements made by the natives as to the existence of "a very large pig," upwards of six feet high. Dr. Meyer, on the other hand, while corroborating the fact that the natives believe in the existence, of the large pig, sets their belief down as a superstition, they being prone to credu- lity in the matter of ghosts and other absurd fancies. He offered large gifts of beads and knives to anyone who would bring him something of the large animals, but without bringing anything to light. The question remains, is this supposed large animal a myth, like the Australian bunyip, or is there really a large quadruped not yet seen by white men in New Guinea? There is not much to guide us to an opinion. The legend of the bunyip is, perhaps, as much a miscon- ception of the white man as a misdescrip- tion of the aborigine. Large seals, common enough on some parts of the coast, are rare visitants of the rivers and waterholes, and with the aid of a little of that exaggeration to which civilised and savage are alike prone, a true tale might easily assume the characteristics of a myth. There is, after all, but little inter-communication between native tribes, and New Guinea is an exten- sive territory. The rhinoceros, if there be such an animal there, has no doubt its favo- rite haunts, and it does not follow that because Dr. Meyer could not procure in his neighborhood a horn or a tooth in exchange for his beads and knives, the animal was not plentiful in the localities where Mr. Smith and Captain Moresby saw evidences of its existence. There is no proof on either side, but the positive testimony is better than the negative. Incidental to this discussion, the hypothesis of Mr. Wallace, the rival of Dr. Darwin, that there is a submerged con- tinent which connected Africa with the Indian Archipelago, including New Guinea, has been quoted as favoring the probability that the African species of the rhinoceros should be found spread over the group as well as in Sumatra. It is always dangerous to prop up one hypothesis by another, and in the present instance it requires a great stretch of the imagination to suppose that New Guinea derived its animal life from Africa, while Australia had no participation in the gift. The gradual diminution in the number of large animals in the Archipelago proportionate to distance from the mainland of Asia points to the northern origin of the island fauna. It is hard enough to make people believe that there is a rhinoceros I of any' kind in' New: Guinea,- but -it is too:| much to expect implicit faith in the assump- tion that it must be of the African species. Some of the members of the Aeronautical Society are responsible for exciting in the public mind great expectations of an early solution of the problem of navigating the atmosphere. The society was established about ten years ago, simultaneously with a similar society in France. They held their first exhibition in 1868, at the Crystal Palace. The proceedings were under the auspices of the Dukes of Argyle and Suther- land, and of Lords Dufferin, Lindsay, Gros- venor and Hay, some of whom have very respectable scientific pretensions. In 1871, in consequence of an adverse scientific opinion given by an eminent engineer, they determined to test the first principles upon which the possibility of flight is founded, namely, the sustaining properties of the air moving against planes at various angles of elevation, and of different surfaces. The experiments were tried at the engineering works of Mr. Penn at Greenwich, and were considered more favorable than had been expected. The results form a basis upon which other experimenters are now work- ing, and one enterprising firm of engi- neers, Messrs. Moy, Shill and Childs, obtained a degree of success which led them to patent their apparatus, and it is announced as a further indication of triumph that they have the third year's fee of £50, their invention being the first which has stood the test so long. They have contructed a machine which is to be driven by a four-horse power engine, the propellers consisting of screw blades radiating within two wheels of six feet diameter. The lifting power is provided by two aero-planes, fixed fore and aft at a suitable elevation, contain- ing about 150 feet of strained linen surface. The machine is to be started by driving it on a sort of circular railway, it being attached to a central post by a cord 150 feet in length. It is expected, not only by the inventors, but by eminent members of the society, that from the moment when the machine begins to advance against the air the weight will begin to be borne by the aero-plane until the whole has been raised from the ground and commence its flight through the air. It is argued that if it has power to leave the plat- form, it will havepower enough to make its way through the air, and to alight with safety. In this way will imitate the flight of birds which have to run along the ground, or to paddle over the surface of the water, with outstretched wings, in order to acquire mo- mentum and levity. The steam engine will carry water and fuel for a ten minutes' flight —not a very ambitious beginning, but suffi- cient to test the principle. Other experi- ments are in progress by members of the so- ciety. The aeronauts are not, however, unanimous in their expectations. One sec- tion believes in artificial levity, and patronise the baloon principle, while another has full faith in propellers and aero-planes as the best apparatus for fighting against gravity. The great difficulty of the balloonists is to give their gas bags any other shape than the spherical, while the special difficulties of the antagonists of gravity have yet to disclose themselves. Even if Messrs. Moy and Co.'s experiments fail of complete success, they will add considerably to our knowledge of the conditions requisite to avoid failure in future. My own impression is that the steam engine is not yet invented which is light enough for the task of flying through the air. This difficulty also will no doubt be overcome in the course of time, but it would be rash to fix the date. The experiments with a hot air balloon for military purposes are still in progress at Woolwich, but nothing satisfactory has yet been accomplished, There are aeronautical societies in America, Belgium and Austria, as well as in France and England. They are all at work in good faith, so that, if the problem is to be solved at all, the means for doing so are not de- ficient. There is an international commission for the measurement of the meridian. The Italian division met on the 20th of January, and drew out the programme for 1875, continuing the work began at the autumn meeting at Dresden. The French are doing something in Algeria to remove the stigma which attaches to them of being a non-colonising race. The cultivation of the vine is becoming of consi- derable importance, and is receiving special attention on account of the non-appearance of the phylloxera, against the introduction of which very stringent measures are adopted. The introduction of vine cuttings from any part of Europe is rigorously for- bidden, a hint which should not be lost upon Australia, and which should prompt to in- creased vigilance in resisting the beginnings of evil. Experiment's on the velocity of light were commenced in France twenty- five years ago by M. Fizeau, and have been recently com- pleted by M. A. Cornu. The latter measured the velocity of light between mirrors fixed at Montlhery and the Paris observatory, 23 kilometres apart. He arrived at the conclu- sion that light passed through the air at the rate of 300,330 kilometres per mean second, and, by calculation, at the rate of 300,400 in vacuo, equivalent to 186,700 English miles. These figures will be of value in connection with the recent transit obser- vations. ŒDIPUS. 