SIGNOR SALVINI, THE ITALIAN TRAGEDIAN. (FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, June IL The chief event of the present season the dramatic world is the appearance on t Drury-lane stage of the celebrated Itali tragedian, Tommaso Salvini, who has be famous in Italy, France, Portugal, and Sp. for many years, and whose recent slump in Americaarenmongthe curiosities of artist and social life of that wonderful count in which vitality and enthusiasm are so free and so delightful. Salvini, however, to London by surprise. Somehow, we did u know much about him, the popularity Italian tragic acting had not been great he for some time past ; the recent engagements Madame Ristori had not been attended with success which they deserved, and at Iii there was not much sensation about the an actor. Before I proceed to describe the ii pression which he has since made, I shall get your readers a short account of his career. 1 is a Milanese, and the son of a distinguish actress, who early discovered that her son had inherited her own talent, but in a mu loftier degree. He is 44 years of age, and has been acting since he was 17. His father placed him in the hands of Modena, celebrated Italian actor whom I i not think the English public ever had an opportunity of seeing, and he made great progress, until the death of his parents when he was 15, caused him such inten grief that he was unable to pursue his study for two years. He speaks of this island to this hour with unaffected sorrow, and the giorni next when he lost those for who Bake he had so ardently desired succeed That his mother never witnessed the full ment of her hopes and the realisation of h conviction of his great talents is the lasting regret of his life, and it makes one rega with peculiar interest his beautiful Adelina tion of filial and paternal love, In the former, under the agonising conditions Hamlet's relations with his mother, I had' never seen any actor at all to be company with him. Salvini commenced his career as a member of Madame Ristori company, who that great actress was becoming known all Europe as the second tragedienne in axis ence-for I suppose (I never saw Rachel) to superiority of the gifted Jewess to Ristori incontestable, though the repertoire of Ri tone is much more extensive. I believe h engagement with Ristori was terminated 1 the Italian revolutionary war of 1859, at that Signor Salvini went through a short but brilliant military career, after which 1 played at Milan and in the other Italian cities, in AlGeria Saul," and had a tragic written for him by Nicolini-"Bdipo"-i which he achieved an extraordinary success Ever since, his fame has been steadily mail tained in his own land, and enhanced every visit he has made to other countries especially since he adopted Shakespeare's characters. At Florence, where the Marque of Normanby whose taste and cultivation are well remembered was ambassador from England to the Tuscan Court, he was received with immense enthusiasm, and Lord Normanby, who was his strenuous friend an admirer, is said to have decided him to ad "Hamlet" and "Macbeth" to the Othello which he had already rendered famous in Paris, where serious dramas and gran tragedy were then in the ascendant, am where they have always been most the roughly appreciated, notwithstanding the apparent prevalence of frivolity, Salvin played Oresmane, Orestes, Saul, and Othello to audiences who accorded him enthusiast! praise. We, in England, first heard of him I think, in 1865, when the accounts of the celebration of the sixth centenary of Dante' birthday reached us, and we learned that the tragedy which Silvio Pellico founded on the famous episode in Dante's great poem Francesca de Rimini-was performed a Florence, with Ristori, Rossi, Majeroni, and Salvini in the cast. We have heard of him since then a good deal, but I think the general knowledge of of him dates only from his recent season in America. I had been told wonders of him, chiefly by Americans, and I looked forward to seeing him it "Othello" with peculiar interest, because; an American gentleman, an intimate friend of Salvini's, had given the following account (be. afterwards published it in LippincoU'i Magazine) of Salvini's own notions of the great impersonation of jealousy:-"Iamol opinion," said Signor Salvini, "thatShak Etpeare intended Othello to be a Moor of Barbary or some other part of Northern Africa, of whom there were many in Italy during the sixteenth century. I have met several, and think I imitate their ways and manners pretty well. You are aware, however, that the historical Othello was not a black at all; he was a white man, and a Venetian general, named More. His history resembles that of Shakspeare's hero in many particulars. Giraldo Cinthio, probably for better effect, made-up of the name Mora, Mora, a black- moor; and Shakspeare, unacquainted with the true story, followed the old novelist's lead and it was well he did so, for have we not in consequence the most perfect delineation of the peculiarities of Moorish temperament ever conceived ?" There were certain things to be borne in mind, in order to form a true judgment of Signor Salvini's performance. One was that the point of view we were to expect from him was the Italian, not the English and that the frankness of outspoken and plainly looked passion, in all its meanings and moods, is according to the Italian standard. No nation he habitually practises welfare Strains, and is so instinctively ashamed of, and embarrassed by, emotion as the English ; hence the tendency among us to describe all demonstration of feeling as exaggeration and doubtless, also, hence the too frequent tendency to "rank" among our actors. They can only conquer their natural and national self-expression by Violently outraging it, like people in society, who, being in reality shy, seek to cover and overcome the disposition by spasmodic effron- tery. Again, we had to remember that the "Othello" of the Italian translation is not, in its primary sense, Shakspeare's " Othello ;" and still less is the " Hamlet " of the Italian translation Shakspeare's "Hamlet." That Signor Salvini would show us the inner- most soul of both these immortal con- ceptions we had assurance, but that there were points, phrases, beautiful suggestions, and expressions which he could not give, because he had them not, the Italian versions of the plays made it plain. I read the "Othello" very carefully, and was much surprised that so great an actor, and one of whose actual capacity I had been so Strongly assured, could overlook the inconsistencies in the altered construction according to the Italian version ; because, though Signor Salvini does not road or speak English, I am told he has had all the texts literally rendered for him, and all the best English notes and commentaries upon them. Before I witnessed the performance I was at a loss to understand how he could permit the omission of the scene between Iago and Cassio, overheard by O thollo, which is contrived to furnish apparent proof of the truth Of Togo's story, and, failing which, Othello possesses no proof at all, but proceeds to kill his wife on the merest suspicion, and in direct contradiction of his own protest. "No, rage; I'll see before I doubt ; when I doubt, prove ; And on the proof there is no more but this Away at once with love or Jealousy 1" This protest being retained in the Italian Version, the inconsistency is quite patent. In many instances the Italian rendering is very poor and inadequate, and the excisions so numerous that the motives of the actions Of all the dramatic persona' become dim and confused. Supposing one's self to have no previous knowledge of the story, and to witness this "Othello" as an Italian tragedy, it necessarily must appear inconsistent and ill Constructed. The representation of only one individual's sudden declension from much nobility of nature into hideous and horrible excesses of passion is a picture which Shakspeare, with all his lofty lawlessness and indifference to probability, would never have drawn ; his mental proportion was never deformed-he played only with external circumstances. Public opinion was captivated from the first by Signor Salvini's Othello; and that he was "absolutely unrivalled" in the part was generally admitted, without its being sufficiently recognised that the play itself is unjustifiably maimed. The Saturday Review is the only organ of any influence which has been cold to Signor Salvini, but it is steadily musical, and quite ineffective The performances of Othello are more eagerly attended than any others, and as the great artist has somewhat modified the concluding scene, in which he introduced an innovation which was not altogether liked here, he has gained the warmest encomiums for his freedom from the vanity which induces almost every actor to reject counsel, and believe that whatever is, in his own acting is best I cannot conceive anything more perfect than Signor Salvini's impersonation of Othello as a psychological study, though I entirely object to the death scene as he acted it at first. The cutting of his throat with a scimitar always a conspicuous article of his costume-and the descent of the curtain on his convulsed and writhing form did violence to one's conception of the scene, which represents itself rather as the stillness of death after the sudden stab and the fall on Desdo mona's couch, after the beautiful utterance of vain remorse and anguish, I kissed thee ere I killed thee," and amidst the awestruck pity of the bystanders. In all other respects the Italian tragedian surpasses any expectation one could have formed of him. To begin with, he looks the part to absolute perfection, and his costumes, which are copied from Venetian pictures of the 15th century representing Moorish officers, are worn with consummate ease and grace. The grandeur of his fine Italian face of the bronzed, sallow complexion and deep blue-eyed type-is enhanced by the skilful brown colouring adopted for the Moor and his tall athletic figure moves with eloquent ease under the graceful Eastern gar meets. He is singularly handsome, and in- private society remarkably quiet, courteous, and even ceremonious ; totally un- like the English and French types of actors off the boards. On the stage as Othello, his mobility of feature and expression is wonderful and when the fire is kindled the blaze, and roar, and fury, the glare, the intensity, the scene of it are quite terrific. His first speech, delivered to the Signor, is convincing; none but a truly great actor could speak that with such entire case, Such absolute dignity, gentleness, and self-possession ; the soldierly frankness and the easy habit of command is as plainly to be read on his face and person as the due respect and observance for his interlocutors, and those are transformed, at the sight and sound of Desdemona, into the utterly passionate and adoring bridegroom. The brevity of this impression, the intensity of it, the rush of joy and passionate welcome with which he receives Desdemona when she rejoins him at Cyprus, and which are congenial to the out- spoken ways of Italians, as well as in keeping with Shakspeare's Othello, are truly wonderful effects, and they prepared us for the terrible tempest which was to rage in his soul when the demon of jealousy should be unchained. The ferocity of his Blood, blood, Togo the deadly dwelling on the "Noses ! lips ! and ears!" as the image of the mutilations familiar to the Moors by which he should make his revenge sure and terrible (a point which English actors seldom elaborate, and which Fechter entirely missed and the sudden relapse into a paroxysm of regretful tender- ness though, unhappily, "The pity of it, Togo; on, the pity of it is unrepresented in the Italian version the horrible suffering of the mind, the self torture, and the suffocating agony of rage and pride - while under them all is the traditional contempt of the Moorish race for women, making him despise himself that he can so suffer for one of them these are never to be forgotten. Among the most remarkable of his effects is that produced when, in unbearable anguish, he springs on large, and nearly strangles him, when his "ancient" has tortured him over much, then things him away, and seems to forget his own violence, falling into a sort of swoon. The suffering in his face is almost unbearable at that point, and again when he is resolved to kill Desdemona, and the scene of the famous soliloquy occurs. But they do not catch Shakspeare's meaning in "Put out the light, and spoil it in the translation. The scene is mounted differently from the English fashion, Desdemona's coach being in an alcove, closed by a curtain, so that Othello occupies the scene alone, and all the effect of his kissing her, grieving over her, and waking her is lost to the audience. He enters the alcove, orders her to rise, and she comes out. A terrible scene then takes place, in which his acting is awfully powerful, as he passes through every alternation from irony to furious passion at murder-point, makes as though he would send her to pieces with his hands, and finally drags her up the steps by her streaming hair and by her throat, and kills her behind the curtain. The horrid realism of this could not be exceeded ; it is almost unbearable, and I have never imagined anything like the triumphant mad feverishness of his answer to Emilia " She's, like a liar, gone to burning hell." The whole audience gasped at those words. We all know that Shakspeare's Moor of Venice is an orthodox Christian, but the point is very clearly brought out by the Italian Catholic actor, who makes a wonderful effect with his agonised conviction in the lines "-O ill-starred wench, Palo BE thy smock When we shall meet at compt, This look of thine will hunt my soul from heaven, And fiends will snatch at it I" Signor Salvini's Othello needs to be seen several times to be thoroughly understood At first there are so many surprises in it that one does not adequately settle down to the full enjoyment of its power and beauty, and there is just a little too much strain imposed by the foreign language; but on nearing it a second time the Italian tongue asserts its ever-present charm and the perfect enunciation and elocution of the great actor grow upon us in all their fascination. Signor Salvini's voice is quite the finest I have over board, its tones are the most various, its timbre is the most melodious. The easy power, the rich rare depth, the wonderful sostenuto of it, the changes, rapid without abruptness, and the slight touches of cadence and expression, are well worthy of study in themselves, and render the mere listening to him, as I am assured by persons who cannot follow the Italian text with sufficient readiness to enjoy the plays as plays, a great delight. The effect of which I have just made mention-the religious conviction flung weightily into the performances again most happily and impressively exemplified in Signor Salvini's Hamlet, the production of which piece has been thegreatdramatic "event" of the Italian tragedian'sengagemont, Ishallondeavourpre- sently to give your readers an account of the scene at Drury-lane on that occasion, but here I must observe, that all the Hamlets I have seen have failed to invest the great struggle in the Prince's soul concerning the killing of his uncle at his prayers with its true and terrible character; but the Italian Hamlet gives it all its awful and, though contradictory, quite natural meaning. It has always seemed to me that a strong argument for the theory that Shakspeare was a Catholic might he urged from those terrible words of Hamlet, when he is watching the King (Claudius) un perceived. Either it is so, or it is the grandest instance of Shakspeare's power to utter the innermost secrets of the human heart in matters with which he could have no personal sympathy. in the King's mental struggle there is the soundest exposi- tion of the doctrines of potatoes and restitution, and au imploring appeal to t angels for help and in Hamlet's Boliloq the sacramental doctrine in its extreme form is turned by a supreme stroke of gent into an utterance of unparalleled seven and superstition through the very simplest of profound conviction. No English Ham! gives as Salvini gives "And so he goes to heaven : And so am I revenged. That would be Scanned with the deliberate air of calculation ; or " And am I then revenged, To take him in the purging of hisBoul, When he is fit and season'd for his passage ?" with the seriousness of a man thorough convinced of the instant efficacy of confi sion and absolution ; or \----" About some act That has no relish of salvation in 't ; Then trip him that his heels may kick at Heaven, And that his soul may be us damned and black As field, ' wherein it goes," " with the frightful satisfaction of a seven founded upon the assurance of eternal pi dition as the result of death in a state mortal sin. Our English Hamlets either pi nounce these containers dreamily, or they in them like mere frantic utterances of passion though they cannot strike any reader of the as suitable for either method. Signor Si wind's utterance of them in the Italian vision which is characteristically simplified was evidently a revelation to the audience their force and meaning of their value sidelights upon the character of Hamlet. If I may be pardoned for another digression though on the same topic, I would cor ment on a similar grand effect produced Signor Salvini's burst of ineffable languid at the revelation made by the ghost was the spiritual side of it bursts upon him " Cut off, even in the blossoms of my sin, Unbouselcd, disappointed, untold, No reckoning made, but sent to my account With all my imperfections on my head." The innovation made in the acting edition of "Hamlet," by which the line in which' the ghost goes on with his lamentation "O, horrible horrible ! most horrible is transferred to and spoken by Hamlet most regrettable innovation, for the fixity > fear is surely the proper attitude of Nature and not an interrupting exclamation), always addressed to the fact of the murder It is retained in the Italian version, by Signor Salvini addresses it with me vellous effect to the spiritual condition The audience felt this with an electric thrill, as the great actor's bent and shuddering frame collapsed under the horrible conviction of the eternal doom of the unanel spirit, and a groan of intolerable anguish burst from his labouring breast and though they may not have immediately understood its origin, they recognised at once that a immense hit had been made. The spectacle of the first representation i "Hamlet," by Signor Salvini, at Drury-lane was one which the oldest playgoers, an great-occasion frequenters of my acquaintance have since told me has never with their knowledge, been equalled. The house was crammed from the stalls to the upper gallery, the spaces generally kept free wet all filled, and even the "wings" were in evaded. Every actor of note, except Mr. Irving who was performing " Hamlet" at the same time at the Lyceum Theatre, was present and a great number of actresses. All the Italians in London-notabilities, I mean- an immense gathering of artists and rai sicians ; the strongest contingent of little very men and women I have over see for a first performance; all the critic and a great crowd of fashionables, were the chief elements of the audience. It Mdlle. Tietyens' double box was the famous prima donna, accompanied by several ladies and a few of her fellow artists. The enthusiasm of her admiration and appreciation of the great tragedian was infectious. Dunn, the entr'acte people flocked to her box and its anteroom, and blocked up the passage in front of it, eagerly exchanging comments am encomiums. Mr. Sothern, Mrs. Kendal, Mr and Mrs. Herman Vezin, Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft, Mr. Hare, Mr. Wigan, Mr. Neville Miss Ada Cavendish, and a host of others with whom the public is familiar, were there each ondallgivingseriousand delighted attention to the performance, noting every novelty enjoying every point, and quite unanimous in their admiration. At the conclusion of each act the actor was applauded enthusiastically, and cries of "Bravo brave!" welcomed every telling speech ; while the ghost scenes and the soliloquies evoked real emotion from the crowd of well-trained spectators, but when the curtain fell on the death of Hamlet- the most perfect, touching, and beautiful scene, I fancy, that any stage has ever witnessed the hush of rapt and wound up feeling lasted a few moments, to give way to tumultuous and overpowering plaudits, cries, waving of hats and handkerchiefs, and summoning of the actor to be congratulated. The reception of Mr. Irving's Hamlet by a closely-packed and appreciative audience last October was interesting, but it bore no comparison at all, either in kind or degree, with the reception of Signor Salvini's Hamlet. It was to a great extent, and quite fairly a personal matter, and an affair of cliques. Mr. Irving had rapidly climbed up to a fair eminence in a profession which has declined very much of late, and every one looked for his new venture with interest, justified by the result. In Signor Salvini's case the world of art, literature, and criticism, and the whole "profession" here had assembled to see the greatest creation of the greatest dramatist interpreted by an actor whom fame says is the greatest tragedian, save one-his countryman, Russian Europe. The Hamlet, not the man, was in question here, and the cliques had nothing to do with it. When that vast assemblage with one voice greeted Signor Salvini, it was with a recognition of his supremacy which puts the mere notion of any comparison out of the question, HoBai may be a greater Hamlet that remains to be seen, and we are promised an opportunity ere long of judging, for Signor Rossi is coming to London-but such a Hamlet as Salvini no one living has ever seen in England. He has the physical advantages of a fine presence and a superb voice, and the professional advantages of nearly 30 years' training and practice in the highest school of art, added to such exceptional genius as is only a tradition among us, Of course it is not possible to avoid the subject of a comparison which has forced itself into discussion between the Hamlet of Signor Salvini and the Hamlet of Mr. Irving, but the real truth is that to institute any such comparison at all is absurd and unfair to Mr. Irving, who would, I have no doubt, repudiate such an idea himself. In fact, the entire system of the drama in England at present renders it ridiculous to institute comparisons between English actors and actors of any real, solid, conscientious school to which the term High Art can be applied. We have no such thing. Pieces are " brought out," plays are " got up," and we hear of rehearsals having been in progress for six or seven weeks, perhaps of a Shaksperian chef d'oeuvre, like the "Merchant of Venice," in which a walking gentleman, accustomed to represent- ing fashionable life according to the late Mr. Tom Robertson's conception of its mysteries, plays Shylock on a West End usurer's pattern ; but a school of acting, or a practical notion of the drama in its once perfect form or for its ancient uses, we have not Mr. Irving has taken a step in the right direction, and he has done very well for a more, dramatic actor with ambition in him, and the delight with which what he has done was received is a proof at once of our destitution and our deserts. But Mr. Irving has only taken a step, and they are but injudicious admirers who would persuade him, to use the old French witticism, that he has either parvenu or "arrive, When we saw Signor Salvini's Hamlet, we all recognised that we were in the presence of a great master, and that he had things to teach us which we had " only dimly conceived. I should no more think of his Hamlet only as a pleasure than of Michael Angelo's David as an ornament. It is an experience and a great lesson in the possibilities of art-something which enlarges one's mental horizon permanently, and I counts among one's mental treasures, think the perception of this was very general More than one among the audience expressed the sentiment to me and one said, "I came here to compare the two but I feel ashamed of myself The difference between the "schools to English acting the term can be applied at all may be very appropriately illustrated by quoting Signor Salvini's own words, a they are recorded by the gentleman to when I have previously referred Speaking about dramatic elocution, he said - The best method is obtained by close observation of Nature, and above all by earnestness I you can impress people with the conviction that you mean what you say, they will pardon many shortcomings And, above all, study study study ' All the genius in the work will not help you along with any art union you become a hard student It has taken me years to master a single part The sting (to our actors) of that course is in its tale So long as " study is what I is at present, even supposing the supply of "genius a word almost as unscrupulous!; applied as beauty," to something further of its true meaning were much more plan tiful, our "Stars will be no more like the Italian luminary than Hamlet, as he said of himself, to Hercules The version which Signor Salvini uses it even more altered from Shakspeare's ' Hamlet than the Italian version of ' Othello' is from the great original Some of the changes commend themselves to the be holder, reference being had to the fact that the actor is an Italian, and sees from the Italian point of view such for example as the omission of the ' comic business of the gravediggers scene, which is essen hally English in its humour, the advice to the pla. era which, as an English actor satire upon his contemporaries is charming but which we can quite understand Italian! not understanding and as their rules of tragedy are as strict as those of the Trend stage nothing which interrupts the tragic tone is permitted The play opens with the court scene, and the first appearance of the ghost IS to Hamlet himself The mingling of majesty and tenderness, of grief disgust and intense shame shame which so on presses him that he is overwhelmed by it when he has to tell Rosencrantz and Guilder stern of his mothers indiscreet marriage is the most perfect piece of acting that can be conceived, and tina tender ness 18 never absent from Hamlets relations with the Queen Not for a moment does he treat her harshly, and yet the agony of shame of loathing struggling with love, is always there The audience in stantly appreciated this manner, so unlike anything they had been accustomed to see and were aroused by it to admiration, which found fuller food in the scene with the ghost Then there is one brief gleam of irrepressible joy (just as in his "Mio padre when his friends tell him what they have seen) succeeded by the deep and abiding awe of the supernatural which pervades his whole being Never for one instant is he upright in the presence of the ghost, and his figure takes every form as his features take every expression, and his voice, in its low sobs and smothered ejaculations takes every tone of anguish, love, Borrow, fear, horror and the purpose of revenge His conception of Hamlets character is much less complex than any to which we are accustomed and much finer and grinder of its deep sorrow, its tenderness and its pro found lassitude of life To Ophelia he is exquisitely, passionately loving even in the moment of renouncing her, and much of the objectionable and needless coarseness of the scenes in which she appears is omitted Signora Giovagnohs Ophelia is the best we have ever seen, and it is evident that she has studied melancholy madness from the end unhappy life The fixed mournfulness and yet the purpose lessness of her gaze, in the mad scene, were most effective and her gentle sweetness throughout all that could be desired Of course, we all looked eagerly for "To be or not to be and never was at tention better rewarded The enunciation was accompanied with such marvellous facial expression that I think a deaf and dumb spectator would have known what the thinker was debating with himself Deeply impressed with the meditative melancholy without distraction, however, which is the keynote of Salvini s Hamlet the changes were like beautiful music The "morn former, accompanied by a slight shrug and lifting of the eyebrows, as if in dismissal of that light view, succeeded by a quick suggestion of fear growing into the agony of terror implied in the possibility of " Soquar fors' ance," produced an effect on the immense audience which showed in every face and brought before my mind instantly the terrible picture of the conscious dead in Lord Lytton s poem, "The Eyes of Mahmud " " Motionlcsa without majesty or will, Darknoea sat down beside him and was still But in those eye sockets To Two living eyes were rolling to and fro, Now left, now right, with never any real Equally impressive was the great scene between the mother and the son, in which the appealing tenderness of Hamlet again Struggling with his shame was painfully fine, and the awestruck gazing upon the ghost which leaves him to sink exhausted upon a chair, revived the deep impression made by the first act in the fencing scene Signor Salvini departs from every tradition within my knowledge. and adopt what is, I am told an innovation due to M Alexandre Dumas When Laertes' soil is struck from his hand Hamlet does not allow him to stoop for it but with an action full of grace and sweet ness hands him his own weapon. This was exquisitely done, and an irrepressible burst of applause marked its prompt recognition by the audience Nothing could be finer than the melancholy sweetness of Hamlets preliminary address to Laertes, and the death scene was beautiful beyond words The love of Hamlet for Horatio, strongly demonstrated throughout, is so keenly felt here that the audience watched the parting with breathless pain, as Hamlet, slipping lower and lower from the faltering knee of his friend, twines his arm about his neck, and draws his face down to his own dying lips, breathing the last whisper on his cheek, and then passes into the silence which the martial music of vertebrae' trumpets cannot break " Oh, what a death was the general remark, and indeed it was death, wonderfully real and solemn, but not ghastly When the numerous recalls came to an end, the audience still lingered, broken up into excited groups, and eagerly expressing their delight Signor Salvin has appeared in a third character, in which I think his acting in finer than in Othello, and equal to his Hamlet, but which failed to attract the public to the same extent as either It is R G lad 1 store, in the Italian version of the French drama " Lo Gladiateur The piece is not of very special merit, and the ora early Christian times of trouble under the Lower Empire-is remote from popular sympathies but the leading character is admirably calculated to display the best and most striking of Signor Salvini s varied qualities Like all French tragedies of the classical period, it is simply constructed, on broad uninterrupted lines and the action in progressive from motive to catastrophe without admixture of any lighter element Thus, the entire play is painful, but the Gladiator is always magnificent He looks the part to perfection, and in the concluding act, when he is confronted in the arena by the young Christian maiden, whom it is his office to kill, quite in the ordinary way of business, and discovers in her his long lost daughter whom he has been seek- ing, and the successful rival of the Empress Faustina in her lovers affections, the situation is not wanting many tragic element which could be desired for the exhibition of Salvin's powers "It Gladiators" was represented only a few times, but the public, while they did not take cordially to the play, fully recognised the actor's grand and perfect interpretation of it I have heard it rumoured that he will act in " Macbeth," but nothing definite is known on the subject, and the advance of the season renders an enlarge meat of his programme impossible Rossi is to appear at the Gaiety Theatre, and " next year it is said that lie with Salvini and Ristori, will give us a dramatic banquet such as has never before been spread for London. 