POLICE STORIES . BY A. 15 (W.W.) ( Continued .) Tbe house ascnt slated in examination that he had let Errol Cottage on the day pre vious to nn elderly lady in deep mourning. She simply paid a week's rent in advance. and stated her intention of immediate occu pation, without giving the agent any parti culars as to her family ; and she must have ontcred after dark for not a soul had seen her going into or leaving the cottage, My evidence as to the shadow, I had seen of n. young and graceful woman holding a phial between her and light suggested the idea that the young woman, who was now a corpse had poisoned herself, and that it was her shadow I saw ; but if that was the case, who had laid lier out, and why had she been deserted nfter death. Then came the information acquired by the detectives. One of them, a little more original than the rest, had acted upon Che idea of the dead womnn's hair having bten sold, and made enquiries among the limy- dressers ; he was successful. On® of that fraternity had purchased a quantity of bright golden linir from on elderly lady iti deep mourning, evidently the same woman who had engaged tho cottage from the agent. The hair was produced in court, and in the part of a newspaper in which it was wrapped' when purchased. Aipoition of the same newspnper- \- was lying on the table in the front rcem of Enol" Cottage, leaving but little doubt that- the hair was indeed that of the dead woman. And that was in reality every scrap of evidence t'-at could bo obtained. The- strictcst search of the cottage could not dis cover a clue. Even from the burnt ashes in the kitchen fireplace not a morsel of elotlling couldhe. identified, and there was nothing for it but tho usual verdict in sucb cases, " The \- deceased died from an overdose oi laudanum;: whether self -administered or not is un known.," It was very unsatisfactory altogether, and especially so to me. I had connected the death in my own mind with tho female whoso shadow had so intercstod me, and under no circumstances conld I associate the fignrc of the dead woman with that tall and graceful one I had seen on tho blind. The (lend girl was low in stature and thin ; and even in life she had evidently never filled the outline of that fine figure that held the phial. When I went on duty at night I found myself sauntering backwards and forwards near Errol Cottage and looking in at tbe darkened window -as if there was the least hope that I might see again that shadow end rush in to question the Tcality. I had perhaps pnsscd a dozen times, and bad turned once more to retrace my steps, whon I saw, with n feeling of something very like terror, a light in the same window. Evidently the lamp had been lighted for I saw the globe outlined on the blind. Who eonld it be 7 The corpse liml been removed, nmd it wira utterly improbable tlinttbo cottage hid been again let on the eve of such n mysterion.voccnrrence in it. I conld think of noiiiiing likely as the reason of that light but a visit from the house- agent himself, and overcoming my hesitation at that thought I opened the gate and went to tho door. I was not astonished to find the handle yiekftome as it had done 011 ray previous "visit, for I expected to Bee tho agont inside, or perhaps one of our men on business of some- sort connected with the late incpicst, but i'm spite of that I foils a strange sort of xmoarihess ns lentcred t,hehaTF open'docv of ;tho sitting room. There was no or.c there. ! The lamp bur.zed silently, end1 there was not | a sound. I took irp the light, and looted into tire- bedrenm ; it was empty ; mto the ikitcham and other apartments. There wns not a living being in- any of tliem, 1 I -I'll wholly puaui'cd. am? I must confess to it half frigitened. The cottage was ao awfully silent and so utterly uusuggestive of living habitation that I could not help per mitting my mind to wander towards tho possibility of unearthly interference in mun dane affairs; still there' was the lamp in my hand, tangible enough. Surely nothing but a hand of flesh and blood had lighted that. As I returned to the front room and re placed the lamp , my eye was caught by a folded paper lying conspicuously in the mid dle of the table. All the scattered bits of writing material that had been lying tliero in tbe morning had been collected by one of the policemen and placed neatly under the ink bottle. The folded paper, however, was lying by itself, and showed conspicu ously white on the dark cover of the table. I iiftcd the missive and found it addressed on the outside, in the snmo bold hand I had seen twice before in connection with this case, to " Tho Police of Melbourne ;" it was unsealed too, and of course I opened and rend it. Tho following are the contents word for word : — ".Yon linve shown sncli an amount of interest in U10 'Mysterious Death at Errol Cottage,' that it would be a thousand .pities to lcnvc' yon in tbe ignorance of facts in which you linwh bogged yourselves ; ! so I come here to this house .and writo at this tabic a simple statement of the said facts' that yon may not livo in ignorance, of your own obtuseness. Here nm I, a murderess, sitting in tbe lionse in which I did tho deed, and within Bound of a policeman's footfall, and yet I am no more afraid of recognition or capture than I am of the appearance of my victim's pale ghost. 1 The simple truth, then, is this: — I had a lover oae year ago, whom I loved as suoh a woman as I can only love ; aDd tho- whito. faced Alice Leunam came between me and the mars I would have died for. , Well, I shed1 no tears, but I inveigled that girl hero by a stupid story that her lover (who had bean mine) was ill and alone, and. she paid the- penalty of her miserable life for her sin against my happiness. It was I, in- disguise, who engaged tho tho cottage. It was I who out off the girl's lmir, and sold it, nnd it was I who left her to the police for burial. Could I have conceived a more humiliating fate for oven her dead body I would have consigned Alice Lennam to it. At 94 Maine street, Adelaide, yon will hear of Alice Lennam living, and now yon know all that yon will ever know of Jane Basks." And it was all we ever did know, except the few particulars gained from tho landlady of the lodging house, 94 Maine street, Adelaide. Tho two girla had lived there. Alice ben nam was an orphan, and a sowing machine girl, June Banks a lady's maid iu a first rate family, and a friend of the machinist. Of .Jane Bank's cause for jealously, and her lodger's fato the woman know nothing, nor has there since been board a word of tho self styled murderess, Thcro were many inclined to think the letter a hoax, but I was not one of the ninny. Errol Cottage has had many occupants since, and I never see a light in that window, without thinking of tho Shadow on the Blind. THE END. 