Connected with this " singularly well- governed country," ns we have heard our peculiar system of legislation and ndmis- tration described, then/ are many tilings which distinguish it from that of any other portion ot the British Empire. Whether by dciiign or accident, all those institutions which tend most to encourage and forster n spirit of mnnly independence and feel- iugs of self-rcspect, are either wholly de stroyed, or have been so discouraged by our rulers, that their existence among us only helps to bring into contempt the sound principles they nominally represent. What, for instance, is the state of our rural municipalities ? Where are our local libraries and mechanics' institutes that at one time received the substantial patronage of the State, and which in all the other colonies are the special objects of legislative care ? And where, ' Oh I where, arc our volunteers, which at no re mote period were the pride, and so well represented and fostered a spirit of true manliness among our hntivc youths ? If we take the trouble to review the histories of all those institutions, which once nourished in " the tight little island," we shall find their decay aud annihilation all owing to that oligarchical system of government which 1ms proved such a curse and obstruction to the progress of this colony. Up to the period when the Dry- Chapman Ministry broke faith with the rural municipalities by withdrawing the grants in aid, or, at least, so fur diminish ing them as to throw an undue burthen of taxation oil the sparse population of the rural districts, municipalities inthe country portions ofthe colony were fast increasing. Not one lias been added to the number 1 since Mr. Chapman resumed office in 18GG, and those that did then exist have, by studied neglect, and an adherence to the extravagautly absurd scale of voting, and other developed defects, become local nuisances and a disgrace to the jujpular principles they arc supposed to represent. The peouliar and narrow principles upon ( which parliamentary and municipal fran chise in Tasmania is based has favoured the designs of those who havs monopolisod all politicalpowcr for many years. Municipal institutions, properly conferred and well enrried on, would necessarily subtract from the influence and patronage of oui local oligarchy — for it . must be held in initid that our " oligarchy " merely repre sents a small section of trained political in- trigucsr iu uobnrt Town — n capital city, forced by an Imperial hot-bed. Our rural municipalities have, therefore, been purposely permitted to grow obnoxious to the people they exist uinong.uud who can not hut regard them us close boroughs, under the complete control of a few large innded proprietors, who rule the un represented but taxed residents of the districts just as they please. The read ing r otus, public libraries, nnd mechanics' institutes, which helped so largely to edu cate the people and to cultivate their in telligence, were deprived at the same time, and through the same influence, of that public aid which was required te give practical effect to local efforts, aud to the same coterie, nnd the actions of its agents, the colony owes its unenviable distinction us being the only defined self-govern ing community of British-descended people who have not bccu ashamed to practically own that they have neither the spirit nor the power to defend themselves against the predatory attacks of sonic roving enemies to the mother country. By a strange coincidence the first blow struck at the volunteer force in Tasmania was delivered by the present Inspector of Police, while acting ns Sergeant-Major of the Buckingham Rifles, under the late Oaptain Lowe. Through the hostile at titude assumed towards the Captain and i ther officers hy the Sergcnnt-Major a spirit of insubordination and mischievous jealousies was introduced, aud to such an extent that the spirited, fine, old Captain resigned in disgust, and the Buckingham Rifles became an institution of the past. The gentlemnn who helped to " knock down ' the institution ot the volunteers is now by a lucky coincidence about, or, rather, is profiting by the purposed ne glect of the rural municipalities. He is, as is well-known, the brother-in-law of the Minister who withdrew the grants in aid from the municipalities aud reading rooms throughout the colony, and thus helped to prepare the way for the official promotion of. his rclntivc. That it is designed to con- concentrate in Mr.SwAx's hnmlsthc whole control of the police there cunuot he a doubt ; for, unless this were the object aimed at, wc should have had some steps taken long before now to remove those defects in the present system of adminis tration which all have long since acknow ledged to exist. IVc have reviewed the facts briefly iu connection with our muni cipal institutions and our public reading rooms, because they are intimately identi fied with the policy which allowed our volunteer force to melt away. To be can did, wc must confess we have not much faith in the disposition of our present Ministers to second the praiseworthy efforts now being made to redeem the colony from the disgraceful stigma which a peddling parsimony has inflicted upon it. If we arc not competent to defend cur- selves iu conjunction . with the other colonies we have no right to the high privileges of self-government. It is mere impudence to put forward pretensions to he regarded or treated as men if wc do not manifest the spirit and the pluck which characterise all men of our race wherever their destiny is cast. Wc must repudiate that womanly and cowardly principle, which we Imvc heard solemnly enunciated hy a Minister, that a people ought to con sider a defence of their manhood, their liberties, and the upholding of their rights as citizens, as u mere question to be calcu lated by an actuary in au insurance office 1 What could he expected from a Minister who cculd stand ujin the face of men and enunciate such a principle as this ? That the effort now being made may prove suc cessful is our uwst earnest wish. Some thing must he done to inspire new life into the people. Tt is u matter for very general regret that no boats have been entered from the otiicr colonics to compete for the Champion Gig and All-conicrs races, at the forthcoming annual regatta The question which ne cessarily suggests itself is why are there no entries from Sydney at least, into the natives of which colony the spirit of honest rivalry ami 'friendly contention is no thoroughly infused, that whether in the cricket licld or on the river they arc ever ready to meet representatives of other colonies, to contend, and, if possible, carry off tho laurels. We find, _ however, that the annual regatta at Sydney takes pbee within u few days of our own, and there fore the rowers of that colony arc not likely to enter for our regatta, seeing the value of their own prize, the additional expense which the trip over here would involve them in, and remembering that they might have to sustain the credit of their own land against any crews coming from Victoria. In these circumstances, therefore, however much the Sydney people might have desired to scud a repre sentative crew to compete for aquatic honours in Tasmania, it will he seen that, from the very nature of these arrange ments, they were precluded from doing so. The fact that there are no competitors from the other colonics is a subject for regret for two principal reasons'. It is known rivalry in rowing as well as in other matters produces"'good results. In deed the improvement in our style of rowing, and in the build of our boats caused by the visit of the Sydney crews, who on each occasion carried off the honours, has been the only speck of silver in the cloud of our defeat. That very great improvement has taken place in the style of our rowing within the last two years wc readily concede, and tiint our Lasnianian youth would now be able to hold their own with the representatives of the other colonics on the waters, of the Derwcnt we hope and believe. Coming to the second ofthe two principal results derived from these intercolonial cqntestn, aff are bound to agree that they cause an infiux of visitors, nnd thus indirectly benefit the whole community. If- the committee of the Hobart Town Regattas knew that the Sydney Regatta was to take place during the present month they should have fixed ours for 'an earlier, or postponed it to a future date. The dif ference of a few weeks would have been of no importance to us, or -the secretary should have placed himself in communica tion with the secretary of the Sydney Re gatta Committee, and then uo doubt the gentlemen of cuch committee, auxious that both colonics should be. represented at the other's regatta, would have made arrange ments to effect that very desirable object. Wc do not wish to say a hard word against the present Regatta Committee. The good services which they have previously rcudcrcd the public shields them iu a very great measure from 'adverse com ment, but, to say- the- least, wc do think that arrangements could have been made ' so that the Sydney aud Hobart Regattas would not clash, and from which t would be only fair to suppose that a . crew, or, 'as in the last in- dance, 'crews, would be sent from the sister colony to compete at our regatta. That no postponement of our regatta will he made there is nhw no doubt, nnd it will take place on the 28th ot the present month, nnd the only consoling reflection now is that a qualifying clause enables the committee- to limit the amount of the prizes in the Gig Race, consequent on there being no entries from the other colonies. With the All-coiners' Race it is different. The money for that race was raised by n special committee, and was subscribed to liberally hy our citizens, am) we believe that no clause was inserted as to whether thcawliole amount would or would not be given whether the other colonies sent representatives or not. That the money was subscribed for this race by the citizens on the implied understanding that there would 1jc entries from the other colonics, there can he little doubt, ami that it was this feeling tlmt actuated the gen tlemen who took the matter up so warmly and raised the amount required, wc believe. Tn these circumstances, therefore, we re commend that, unless entries for tins race he forthcoming from the other colonies, the larger amount be not given, but that the usual prize for general amateurs be substituted for it. Intercolonial Cricket Match. — Shortly after tho practice match on Saturday after noon, thu Match Committee of tho Southern Tnsmatiian Cricket Association met to select the eleven to play against tho Sydney team. Tho following is a list of the players chosen : —Messrs. H. V. Bayly, 0. W. Butler, E. H. Butler, G. Daviea, E. J. Freeman, J. 0. . Lord, 10. Lucas, 0. J. 'Maxwell, W. H. Walker, E. Wbitesidcs. Etnorgcncy men M. O. Covcrdalc, C. Davics, C. Lovott. Umpire: — Mr. D. C. Cuthbert. Tho Sydney eleven, which was not finally chosen by last advices, will arrive by the Snuthorn Cross on Friday next. The match is to bo played the following Friday nnd Saturday, 29th aud 30th instant, after which, wo beliove, the Syducy cricketers will proceed to Launccston to play the northerners, Pre parations are bomg made to accord the Now .South Welshmen a hearty welcome. His Excellency tho Governor has been invited to attend the match on each day. The ground is being put in order, ami the fcnco raised. It is oxpectcd tlmt the Government ofiicos will ho closed from twelve o'clock both days. From the evident interest with which the match is lookod forward to, wo anticipate a great success from the first appearance of a Sydney eleven amongst us, and that a fresh impetus will he given to cricket in .Tasmania. The Oi'en Champion Rack. — At the meet ing of thu committee of tho above race, held at Mn Stephen Shechy's office on Friday night, it was dceidcil to call u meeting of the subscribers to the fund for tho above race ou Monday night to ascertain their views in reference to tho letter of the Regatta Com mittee, asking whether, as no boats had been entered from the other colonies, the race shall bo rowed. Sui'KP.mf. Couirr.— A /iwl prim sitting of the Supreme Court will bo held on Tuesday next, commencing at 1 1 o'clock. Tho Court will be presided over by His Honour the Chiof Justice, tho following is tho cattsu list Wieks v. Cooper, assault ; plaintiffs attorney, Mr. IT. Dobson ; defendant's at torney, Mr. J. W. Graves. Nichols v. Rcevo, goods sold and delivered ; plaintiff's attorney, Mr. V. W. Hookey ; defendant's attorney, Mr. H. Dobson. Davics and another v. Houn and another, libel ; plain tiff's attorney, Mr. J. W. Gill ; defendant's attorney, Mr. R. J. Lucas. Prf-skntation to Mh. John C. ICki.su,— At St. Joseph's Church, yesterday afternoon, a presentation was made to Mr. Kolsh, who to-day leaves his native city for Melbourne, where he has bccu appointed to a situation in the Crown Lnuds Dqmrtmnnt, Tim pre- Mentation was a splendid alhuui bound iu morocco and beautifully got up with a neatly c«uitriyed lock aud key. An ornamental in scription imlicatcs'tlmt it was a "souvenir on Mr, Kelsb's departure from Tasmania from the pricstH ami churchwardcus of St. Joseph's," Tho Very Rov. W. J. Dunne, Vicar-General, made thu presentation, tho Revs. Father C. P. Woods nnd P. R. Hoimc- hry, the churchwardens, and others being present. The Vicar-General pointed out the regret felt at Mr. Kelsh's departure and the intense esteem in which Mr. Kolsh was hold. After some highly complimentary observa tions, the Vicar-General made the presenta tion, expressing tho hope that Mr. Kelsh would enjoy every spiritual and tern- pcrnl welfare, and that the souvenir would recall tho kind wishes of many friends and be a memento of the upright and honorable conduct which has over characterised the recipient. One of the churchwardens en dorsed tho cmnplimontary remarks which had fallen from tho Vicur-Geiicral.rcmarks wliicli, however cordial, were in no degree over drawn, nnd were in unison with the senti ments felt hy persous not connected with the church. Mr. Kelsh made a auitablo reply, during which he was almost unnerved when alluding to tho pain with which left associa tions winch lie had cherished from childhood. Thu testimonial was especially well merited, as Mr. Kelsh for upwards of oloven years had in a thousand and one ways exerted himself in furthering the interests of the clmrcli and meeting tho numerous requirements of tho congregation. The Escaped Convict. — Our Ross cor respondent forwards us an account of the re capture of Kilpatrick, the man who escaped from the House of Correction in Campbell street; in broad daylight, on Sunday after- noon, some months ago, and who was last previously seen by a woman at Risdon, who gave him some food. It appears that on Thursday last Constables Mulranan and Thompson, of the Ross police force, captured the notorious runnaway under the Western Mountain. Since his escape from the Hobart Town gaol he has committed several depredations, as a quantity of stolen pro perty was found in his possession when ap- prehended. In a .Dilemma.— There is a man at Bol- lcrive who is placed in this position : — He was onfcrustcd with the safe deliver' of a now hat, encased, iu one of thoso fragilo boxes which are not intended to'be sat on, and he had carefully conveyed it ovor to the Point on tlio occusiou of the Taylor and O'May fracas. In a moment of unwonted forgetful- ness he put it down on the jetty where the scrimmage was going on," ninV when Mr. Taylor struck Mr. O'May tho rather expen sive blow in the mouth for which ho was fined £5 on Saturday, a gentleman, who was ponriug oil on tho troubled waters, through tho recipient of the blow coming suddenly against him, lost his equilibrium, and settled down so emphatically upon the wedding hat, tlmt it was crushed out of all resomblanco to its former self. The owner, although fully determined to seek redress, docs not know against whom it is tho most auvisable to take action. Accident to the Brighton Coaoh.— On rnday, as Coolcy's ocaoh was crossing the bridge between Brighton to BridgewatSr, on its way to Hobart Town, tho leader of the unicorn team broko out, nnd began to ob- struct tlio inovemouts of the polo horses. I. ho driver, with great judgment, lot go the rums guiding the leader, which immediately went free. After careering alone for some littlo distanoo, tho horse foil and cut his knees severely. No. one in the coach was injured. Tjie Entf.iu'rihr.— On Saturday this little steamer, the .property, of tho Messrs. O'May, which 'plies between the wharf and Kan garoo Point, was nearly run down' by a barque which was - entering the port. As there, were passengers on board the escape was one for|whicli all should he thank ful. The Cottruells — 1 Tho Cottcrclls con tinued their performance at the Mcchauics' on Saturday ovoning, when every itom of tho nrograramo was wofi given and honrtily re ceived. Wo notice that tins evening they will assist in the farewell concert to be given to Miss Oldham, at. tho Town Hall, on which occasion Mr Landergan will also appear, to-, gethcr with Signor Zolraan and the Misses Beaumont. With such an nrray'of profes sional talent those who intend to patronise the concert may expect a treat of no ordinary character. The programme, which is highly attractive, will l)c found in another column. General Hospital.— A boy named Ber nard Roid fell down tho stairs in Brisbano- street oil Saturday, and injured his left arm, besides grazing his forehead. On Friday, as a man named Patrick Dillon, residing at Hamilton, was driving a ffchnff-entter he slipped, and got his foot between the crown wheel and the travellers, causiug a severe contused wound to tho left font. A Narrow Escape.— On Friday after noon last as the bnrgo Franklin Bolle was coming into Constitution Dock, a young man named John Daly, employed on board tlio barge, had a narrow escape of being drowned. Ho was standing aft at the time of the ac cident, and an emloavour was being mado to lower the boom, when the snil, which was lying loose oil tho deck, flapped against Daly and knocked him overlioard. He was dressed in top-boots and a heavy pea-jacket at the ttino, and sank immediately, but as soon as lie rose to tho sitrfaco lie was seized hy tho hair ami lifted ou board, where tho usual remedies were applied, and he returned to his work. Accident. — A littlo girl, daughter of Mr. M'Donntd, of Sandy Bay, was run ov r on Saturday by a liorse ridden by a butcher lad in the employment of Mr. Davidson. Slio received a severe shaking, nnd sustaiucd in juries to her hands and face. Butchers' boys are not over careful in riding through and turning the coruers of streets, and when cases of carelessness do ariso it is well for tho security of passengers that thoy should be made an example of. Placing Stones on the Link. — We called attention to a practice which attracted notice sometime since, and which called for an im mediate and decided ohcck, viz., that of placing stones on tiic railway line. Two lads, named Charles Fisher and William Pretty, apparently About 13 or 14 years of ago, were apprehended on Saturday last by Constable Lmskcy, and brought to the police station charged with this offence, and will be brought up before tho Mayor at the Police Court this morning. The Ferry Boats. — A number of intend ing passengers were severely disappointed on Saturday morning iu consequence of tho Entcrpnso missing one or two of her usual trips, She was seen going over to Bellorive as usual at about half-past 10, and was ex pected to return in about an hour, and per sons, both male and female, with baskets and bundles, nnd without them, patiently awaited her recrossing the river. At nliout the time she was due a whalcboat arrived with the mails, and then, for the first time, it was ascertained— and that only ou minute enquiry— that tho Messrs. O'May lmd a police court caso on at the Point, and that tho traffic of the river, as far as they were concerned, was to bo suspended until its con clusion. When this discovery was mnde some of thoso who were ready-witted- enough hastened down to the Twins landing, and got on board the Heather Belle, winch Mr. Taylor managed to keep runmug, although he was as much interested iu the litigation that was going ou as the owners of the En terprise were. Fortunately for the public the Twins will be laid on next week, and passengers will not be so dependent on the erratic accommodation with which they have recently line to bo content. Wharf Accommodation at Bellehivk. — Wu reminded tlio mcmlicrs of the Marine Board in a recent issue of the want of ac commodation for the Inuding of passengcis who, from motives of business or pleasure, visit this favmirite summer resort, and we now, in another column, give the results in a police court report of the licgligcnco which has led to tho circumstaucus from which the litigation arose. One ferry boat proprietor has leased a jetty from Mr. Martin, tho publican, and the other, either unaware of the fact, or disputing the right to prevent the public making use of tho erection, persisted in lying alongside to land his passengers ; the lessee comes down and " fenus " the boat off with his fist, when the rival proprietor advances and quietly throws him into the boat, and, on his again lauding, repeats the process. Ho also strikes him in tho mouth, in the presence of the chief magistrate of tlic di triot, because ho still persisted in blocking up the steps of tho lauding. From tho ovi- dcncc for tho complainant it would appear thai there was not.- sufficient provocation given for proceeding to such oxtromitics, but it must bo observed that only one side was heard, tho counsel for tho defendant resting his case on points of law, and not calling the witiiesscs wno were in attendance to qualify the testimony that had been received. Si'Ri no -ii bklkd Jack. — A colonial version of tho series of abominable practical jokes, by which so many women— with not a few men — wore scared into fits in the suburbs of London some years ago, is being given down at Sandy Bay. Some senselessly, mis chievous scmmdrcl has been in the habit for some time past of appearing as a ghost in the vicinity of St. George's Church, nnd has bo- come the terror of the neighbourhood We are informed that ho never approaches any thing more likely to trounce him tlim a lone female, although he has licen seen hy men occasionally, when he has takon care to keep at a respectful distance. He covers him self with the orthodox sepulchral wit if e sheet, and springs out upon some little ser vant girl seut on an errand, or scums- tress returning from her work, ami lu« succeeded in seriously frightening some of his carefully selected victims. Tim sort of thing, we are informed, has gone on for about twelve months, and tio one has. inado a formal complaint to the police concerning it, who, otherwise, would long ago havo ap prehended the cowarilly sneak. Scene in a Giiuncir.— The Eaih, Nac., of tho IGth November, has the following ac count of a strange scone in a churoli at Not tingham, which, as we believe Mr. Laug- ford, one of the gentlemen named, was for merly ministor of a church in Hobart Town, inay not lie without interest : — " A. very disgraceful Bcene was witnessed this evening m the Ziou Chapel, at Nottingham. Tho ap- pomtmont of Mr. Jnboz Langford, as minis ter, is disputed by a section of tho congrega- gation, and at a ineating somo days ngo a scene of great disorder occurred. This morn ing Mr. Langford got into tho pulpit in spite of a request that he would not do so, and conducted the service, but in tlio evening the opposing body obtained possession, Mr. Lnugfurd being stopped at the pulpit stops. He then gavo out u hymn in whion part of tho eoiigrdgration joined, the opposition party, at the same time, starting another hymn, thus producing great discord. Mr. Langford began to preach, and the minister appointed by the opposition party com menced reading a psalm. Mr. Langford preached his sermon, while liis .opponents were singing, led by tho harmonium. Somo police officers wore in attendance but no violence occurred. One of the Committee of Management remarked that Mr. Langford was opposed under legal advice, and to fur ther tho cause of Christ. The whole scone was most extraordinary and unseomly." Wk l.avo been ronucatoil to call attention to tho aalo of lionxnhnhl furniture and clfeota ou tho promises. Victoria-slrcot, without ro aoiwo, by KobortsandCo., this' .lay, at fl ociock. " ...hLh .n,nncunc.e.d tlw,t ,R"ssia intends to Jew; tl'c'"c.aUm ofthe neutralisation ot tISSS 7 .clu"n8,v?ar t0. ">e international v8n. S.''r)9ODLere,'.e year at St,- Petersburg!" 