The Husband. — Louis Carroll Prhulle. Here, Charley I help fill up this basket; Put in the champagne and the ice; Never mind if you should overtask it- Fill it up with this bric-á-brac nice. Those Dutch girls will soon make it lighter After the dance and the swings. Throw in these cigar*. Strap it tighter, While I write a line to the Springs. (Write*.) " Slowly the sliailowa are falling, Alike on my dusk aud ray lift) ; The plaint of a famished love, calling For you, my sweet treasure—my wife ; I sit here ho wearily tbinkin-j. And wishing my penance were o'er, And dreaming our love is a linking My heart with your heart everuome I" How did Queen Elisabeth take her pills 1 In cider. A maw sticks at nothing when he tries to stab a ghost Twinty-ftv* years ago a Missouri boy left his home and started out to become President of the United States. That boy is now one of the best shoemakers in the Ohio Btate Piison. The Card Trick.—"You have played the deuce with my heart," said a gentleman to a lady who was his partner in a game of whist "Well," replied the lady, "it was because you played the fame." What hold* all the muff in the world t No one-nose. Them is nothing that will set the tide of grief welling up in a widower's bosom quioker tiwn the appearance of a fresh rift alongside the old patch in his trousers. Opinion.—"Pay me that six and eightpence you owe me, Mr. Malcroney," said a Tillage attorney. "For what!" " For the opinion you had of me." " Faith, I never had any opinion of you in all my life." When you see a woman with a rawhide hid in «.^ a. perJ of her "turning wrapper, and calling William Henre- e-e in a key about four octaves above high C, you may know that a whal ing expedition is about to set sail. He held the old Bhirt up by the neck before discarding it for ever, but he wasn't mourning for the garment He only said thusly, "I wish I had all the drinks again that have gone through that old neckband 1" One evening lately, at a well-known actress' preformance in the "Hunchback," when she said, *' Clifford, why don't you speak to me V one of the spectators replied, in an audible voice, " Do, Clifford. I would if she'd talk to me in that way." The English North Pole expedition refused to take any women along. In that frozen country, you know, a human voice can be heard two miles, and it's a mean trick not to let the women have a chance to see if they couldn't be heard twice as far. Unapt Quotation.—A man who has a red headed sweetheart, addressed her as "Sweet Auburn, loveliest of the plain." Sweet Auburn got mad about it. She objected to being classed among the " plain," even though called the live liest of them. That Detroit judge propounded an awful conundrum the other day. Said he : "If Chris topher Columbus had got druuk on the morning he wai to sail for America, and h:ul been led t<» the statiou-house, where would America have been to-day ?" A coloued child had a fall from a second story window, the other day, aud his mother, iv relat ing the occurrence at a grocery, said : " Dero diit chile was a comin' down feet fust, wid uvery chance of boiu' killed, when do Lawd He turned him over, do chile struck ou his head, aud dere wasn't ao much as a button flew off." Louia Kossuth, the Magyar patriot, has had his " Life Recordß" passed through the Press. Miss Martineau, one of the moßt remarkable literary women of the Victorian era, has her momoire advancing towards completion. General Garibaldi has at last consented to tell his own story aa a worker for the regeneration of Italy. On dit that Earl Russell has composed autobio graphical recollections of a most voluminous character; and that Pius IX. ha* drawn up a narrative of " The Life of a Pope." From Captain Tyler's official return, it appears that the total number of persons recorded at the Board of Trade as having been killed on the railways of the United Kingdom last year was 1424, and the number of injured 6041. Of these, 211, persons killed, and 1981 persons injured, were passengers ; of the remainder, 783 killed, and 2815 injured, were officers or servants, of the companies or contractors; and 425 killed, and 216 injured were trespassers, suicides, or others who met with accidents at level crossings, or from miscellaneous caiues. In Algeria they have divorce courts and divorce judges, but apparently no Queen's prdctoni. Yet the intervention of some such official, if speedy enough, might have proved useful at Constantino the other day to Cadi Si Said Ben Mihoul, the Sir James Hannen of the district. The wife of Bel-Kassem appeared before the Cadi and de manded a divorce from her husband on the ground that he had ill-treated her. In spite of the strenuous opposition of the respondent, the Cadi gave judgement in favour of the lady, who triumphantly pronounced the orthodox formula, " I repudiate thee," bounced out of the court. Bel-Kassem, moved by his late wife's misplaced exultation, desired to lodge an appeal against the sentence ; but, being assured that it would be useless, consented to accept his fate. The custom of the country wills that a defeated suitor kiss his judge upon the shoulder to show that he acknowledges the justice of his sentence. In accordance with this usage Bel-Kassem, in apparent submission, moved towards the Cadi. But as he drew near him his manner suddenly changed. Dashing aside his burnous, he sprang upon the unfortunate judge, and drove his Knife into his breast. The murderer then threw down his weapon and surrendered himself to the gendarmes, saying quietly, " I have killed the Cadi, because, according to the Koran, a judge who givos an unjust sentence deserves to be put to death." The Pall Mall Gazette of July 12 is respon sible for the following heterodox utterance*— " Woman appears to be competing with man most successfully at Liverpool, and at the police-court in that town on Friday she proved that in 'aggravated assists' she iv fast becoming bis equal. One woman was committed for trial on a charge of fracturing the skull of a man with a poker ; another was charged with inflicting a wound on the head with a door- key ; a thud wa» sent to prison for an assault committed with a btono ; and a fourth was remanded on a charge of breaking the arm of a person who ungallantly refused to give her a penny towards a pint of beer. In Scotland, alno, woman is not only treading close on the heels of man in the race towards perfection, but also tripping him up—or rather knocking him down. At Cupar Fife, last Thursday, a woman was committed to prison on the charge of ferociously assulting her husband with an axe. She had, while her husband was engaged in an altercation with his mother-in-law, entered the house in a state of intoxication, and, stealthily approaching him from the rear, without any warning knocked him senseless to the ground by a blow with a heavy axe. Her womanly nature, however, displayed itself by not dancing on his prostrate body, «>r kicking him about the head and ribs with hob-nailed boots or wooden dogs. A man would certainly have acted thus, had the insensible victim on the ground been his own wife. There is a ' breadth in his views' as to ruffianism which is at presant wanting in woman. As Charming truly remarked, ' The grandeur of man's nature turns to insignificance all outward distinctions.'" 