MISCELLANEOUS, A CnrNXBB Tootbachb.— Hap-Swao, a Chinese wash erman, at Ko. 91, Michigan avenue, awoke the other night from his bright dream aud uttered a cry waioa »u heard aeiots tte street He is getting along in age, and the toothache had come skulking down upon him in that sof * dy way peculiar to nothing else. He stuffed the sheet in! o his rnoutb, prised aroond the tooth with a luir- pin,and drew the clothes over his bead arid tried to remember all the do?s and late he had ever eaten, but it was no go. The Polar Wave had worked itself under a double tooth, and H&p-; Swap was seen dancing before the uncurtained windows at midnight and doubling himself up in the shape of O's and 8 e and D'e. All day Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday Jbe roamed up and dows, groaning and sighing, and tbe shirts of his customers bung against the battered walls neglected »nd forgotten. Buch nights as Hap-Swap pat ia were enough to turn his hair grey. He sat by tbe red-hot *4aoa ***** tniM \\\mA oAt sitif 0Ais-fw1 amnii^ tint. +haMi otjsi n« rest for him. 'i he next morning a grocer advised him to go to a dentist and secure relief, and the Chinaman put «n his hat and followed a boy to a toothpuller'a. He was as biave as a lion, end he jumped into a chair, leaned his head back, and cried : ??Gome along— pull 'em quick!' ** I'll have that out in a York minute,' replied the dentist, getting his tools together. 'lake a stling! Takeastliog! tried the Chinaman as he rose up and caught sight of the tools. ' We don' poll teeth with a string in this country,' was tbe reply ' Voa just hold still for a moment and you'll be all ligbt. 'Hap- Swap fell baek with a groan, shut bis teeth hard and it took rive minutes of soft talk to make him ?ptn bis jaws. The dentist then inserted s lance to out ar«und tne tooth, bat at the first dig hus patient slid over the arm of the chair to the near, shouting :— ' Hap-Swap ?tabbed in the moath-ooh! ooh!' The dentist explained -? him that the cutting would make a tooth pnllea ier bat as he talked asof t and beautiful smile stole over the China nan's faoe, and he said : ' Tootheache alle gone— alle goae away!' Be skipped around the office ana bolted down stairs, but as soon as the cold air struck it he uttered a yell and oame back on the bound, leaped into the chair, and exclaimed-; ' Git him out quick !' The dentist went to put in tbe forceps, but' John' grabbed them, sat np, and begged that he might stand up and have them drawn. ' If you want that tooth cut you must atop fooling and lean back,' replied the impatient doctor. Hap-Swtp opened hie month, but before the forceps could reaon the tooth he cat up again and called:-*1 Take- stling— put him right round— pull hard !' *' I can't use a string. Come— ^ean tight back.' Hap-Swap leaned back, opened his month ttbtil a hat would hardly have covered it ; but snapped his jaws together the next instant, and begged:—' Git some thing — tie up his eyes so he can't eeet it hurt!' The ctsutt blindfolded the man with a towel, got hiB mouth ?pen, and the forceps at last clasped the tooth. Hap-Sw&y; began to move round, bat with a sudden pull the toota was brought out on the gallop. ' W-o-o-s-h -o-u-g-h !' bowltd the Chinaman as he danced around, and as soon as tbe towel was removed he grabbed the tooth and his hat, went down stairs with a whoop, and as be ran ap the avenue he held the molar up to everybody's gaze, and cried out : — ' Joop! Who's afraid to have he tooth pulled !' A BriRiTVAtiBT Exposed. — Heretofore dpirituilism baa been investigated with very little investigation. Evon bard-headed scientific men have seemed to think it neoeasary lo approach the matter in a mood of considerate revereaoe, and to deal gently with humbugs and swindlers and mountebanks axd charlatans, who, profiting by the absurd deference thus shown, have hedged about the inquest with all manners of arbitrary limitations, and have pre cluded a favourable judgment by themselves predict ing failure under the very conditions necessary to any in Stury. The too diligent and eager searcher is told that if e does this4he spirits will be angry and go away ; or if be does that the medium will beoama incompetent or iaert. The exhibitors claim tbe right themselves to make all the arranfrcBients, to control time, place, and action, and gene rally to forbid whatever a rational inquirer would do or, triih to have done. All this ib convenient for the operators, Male and female ; bnt it ia also unsatisfactory as to scien tific solution. If we are not to do what it is necessary to do for demonstration, then it is hard to Bee how the truth oan be determined at alL We have been kindly favoured by a oorrecpondent with some account of the doings of a Mr, Tippie, a spiritual medium in Kansas, of whose performances we also find report in ihe Wettern Spirit newspaper. This Mr. Tippie baa for his attendant a spirit, aaid to be a member of ' The King '.Tribe of People,5' whioh existed ' in Asia 20,000 yeais ago.' Father King, as the spirit is called, refuses to communicate save through ' an ordinary dinner-horn three feet long.' He is a fastidious ghost} and as he lived before the age of ' voioe building ' (if not, indeed, before any age whatsoever), it is observed that many of his utterances are ao deficient in elocutionary clearness as to be nothing inure than innrtioulate grunts and groans. Moreover, and as vsnal, Father King demands that the room shall be dark ened before he will breathe a syllable through the Delphic horn. For the rest, ihe admission to the teatiee was fixed at 60 oents a head. And among the head thus admitted to the exhibition was the long one of a certain Miss Jennie Lapeey. Bhe teemed to have acted with great fairness, for she went privately to Tippie, and asked him what would fee the effect if, daring the visit of Father King, the room should be suddenly illuminated. 'Good gracious '.' re sponded Tippie, ' it might kill me by severing the electrical carrtat between myself and father King. This most needlessly frightened Miss Jennie, who did not want to murder even Tipple ; bnt she was reassured when he added, ** I do not fear anything of the kind, because Father King ironid know if there was any person present prepared to make a trial of the kind, and therefore would not appear.' 8o Jennie carried out her original plan: she procured a dark lantern ; and the next night when Father King was uttering the moat astonishing nonsense through the horn, the bull's-eye was turned on. Father King ' did not know ' It seems. Down tumbled the horn to the floor! Overwent Medium Tippie writhing with extemporaneous stomach ache! The electrical current between himself and Father King bad been severed. And the next d«y he left town, taking with him the magic horn. Of oourae, the reader will see the matn point of this demuement, whioh is the fake prediction of Tippie, and ' Father King,' who refuses to be present if any person in the room should be armed with a. dark lantern. In this case one point is as good as a hundred. Jennie with the bull's-eye waa there, and Father King, though 20,000 Tears out, and proportionately sharp, came and bellowed through the horn all the same. Tippie, besides the aooess cf stomach-ache, is floored by his own conditions. This at ttlee tbe question. Father King came once too often. Be will never come again, at least to that particular part of Kansas. Bow American engineers would laugh to scorn (says the Observer) the miserable mistrust and feu of those in Ceylon who apply tbe words 'impracticable' and ?* {inoperable' to a railway line over the mountains of Sfmbula into Uva, in view of the gnat works already completed in the great republic, some of the Unas— 7000 and 8000 feet high— being in the higher strata of atmospheric cloud. Tbe 'tsar-mile Hoosac tunnel having been completed, the attention of engineer*) m turned to another work, unique we should fancy in railroad taildlrg. It is nothing more or less than a scheme for connecting the island of Key West in the gateway of the Gulf of Mexico with the mainland by a railway across the line of reefs. 'Engineers,' says the Academy, ' pro nounce the profmeal practicable, and should It be carried cat it will vastly increase the importance of the place by making it the chief cutlet for Amerioan produoe to the Wett India Islands and South America.' Pofuunox IscsBABDi G.— At present (writes the PaU MM Gtuette of March 19) we have no trustworthy estimate of tbe population of the world; all that we know for certain is that we become more closely paoked each year, and that most occupations, the 'learned profearions' (specially, are overstocked. A paper en tbe (object was leadby Mr. Axon at the meeting of the Manchester Statistical Society last weak, his chief object fcciacto call attention to Ihe reoant roaoarchos of Benm and Wagner upon tne subject There have been many estimates ot the number of people living on4be earth. In 1685 VomIm estimated them at 600,000,000. The German t utieticians Benm and Wagner estimate the present fopulation of the world at 1,391,030,000. The greater colters asd higher rivflintfan of Europe have con centraUi upon its surface a much buyer proportion of population than in other parts of the globe. It is ialievtd that the subjwts of the Queen number over 306,000000. Russia baa a population of 82 000,000, f-tf store closely bound together, politically speaking, thia the radtd and diffused constituents of the Briith Empire. lt.dia is supposed to be tbe me* t populous aonntry ia the world, its inhabitants probably numbering 300,000,000. Tkon?h tbe population of China is estimated at 400,100,000, an actual census would prtbibly show gnus exaggeration, The increase of the popula tion of South America has been checked by internal dis cord. Paraguay is said to have lost 337 000 inhabitants by civil war. An estimate has been based upon our pa it trcgrres of the probable population of America ani Grett Britain in tbe year 2000. It placet the popuUtioa ef the United Btaies in that year at 6*6,000,000, and of our own islands at 91,C'00,oOO. Mr. Axon is of opinion that saoh an eclipse d civilisation as followed tbe downfall of tbe Western Empire U impossible. What we have now to fear is not the barbarian at the gate, but, as Professor Newman bae well said, 'corroding vice from within.' If we have any real reason for alarm on this point, it munt be con fesftdthat, with our usual manunes, we show little oat ward symptoms of anxiety. Tub Salmon O?a Experiment in New Zea LAKD.— The Otago Daily Times received the following from its correspondent at Inveroargill, with reference to tba ova :— ' The ova were taken on to Makarewa. Mr. Wood, president of the Acclimatisation Society; Mr. Howard, curator; and Messrs, Hume and Joyce accom panied, and assisted in traneferfns: tbe boxes to ths ponds, about one mile and a half distant. The work was toilsome and tedioue, there being over a ton of ioe, in addition to the fifty boxes, each measuring about 16 inohea by 15 inches, and weighing 26 lbs. They were of two kinds— one of wood and the other galvanized iron. Bach case contained half-a-dozen trays, in which the ova was placed between layers of mess. The first opened were the best looking— pink and healthy; but Mr. Howard did not seem sanguine about them, as the ? eyes' were not viable. About 1000 were placed in the hatching boxes np to 2 p.m., when your repre sentative left. Mr. Howara was inclined to think the eggs that looked healthy were unimpregnated, but admitted that if the theory that animation was suspended by the freez ing process were sound, then it might be possible that developrr«ntwouldgo on. Thisvrill%e settled in a fort night at the latest. The appearance of the greater number of the boxes was depressing, the moss being of a dirty light green and held together by a filmy mildew. This was especially observable with the wooden box, the inside of which had been charred, bnt U» travs enclosed left un charred. Tbete were of oomtnon pitch pine, the odour of which was often distinctly perceptible. This wood seemed to have started the mildew. At all events the i-on was much less mildewed even when the ova were bad. The colojir of the moss was found to be an unfailing indication of tne state of the ova, for when green the eggs were always transparent. Farther investigation proved very discouraging, and it wbb expected that the whole experi ment would prove a failure.' Sawdust as a Manube.— A correspondent of the Ohio farmer writes about sawdust as follows :— ' Ab3at six years ago I had a sawmill set on- my farm . At first the men wai- hed the dust, as tbe sawyers called it, by letting a stream of water run under the saw. As the water got low it would not work ; then they had to wheel it out in a pile, and when thev went away I had a big pile of sawdust on my bands. As it was on a good pieoe of bottom land that I desired to plough, I wanted it out of the way. I tried to burn it, but it would not burn. I concluded at last to tarn it to'some account; so when I put my hogs up to fatten, I' hauled a load every few days and threw it in the pen. They mixed it with their matiure and cobs, and in the Bpring I had about 20 waggon loads of the best manure, besides keeping the bogs dean and dry. I used the sawdust for bedding the horses and cows; I put it around my grape vines to keep down grans and weeds and the ground moist. The -vines improved wonderfully. Bo my pile of sawdust is used up, and it has paid.; If I were to have a mill again, I would make the bargain to have the sawdust left on the ground.' * Physical Cultueb.— Dr. Bartlett, in the Sanitarian, ?writes a most interesting letter on the benefioial effects of moderately constant physical training in the way of graduated exercUes— adverting to the fact that the first effect of exercises is to cause a destruction of tissue in the mueole, followed by the production of heat and an accele ration of blood in the inter-muscular veinB, whioh in turn brings back renewed nonriehment to replace the moleoales destroyed, and not only so, but this destruction fieemB to create an aptitude for generation in excess of the amount lost; so that the muscle actnally grows in contractibility and volume. Whether the mnsoles grow by the develop ment of new fibres, or by the enlargement of the old, is not well settled by physiologists. Probably, however, they increase by both processes, and the blosd-veFsels sup plying them proportionately enlarge. This is not only true of the muscles brought into play by any given motion, bnt the effect is equally felt by their antagonists; so that we cannot inoreaee the size of one set of muBoles without bringing about a proportional increase in the size of those opposed to them, and thus perfect symmetry of tbe body is preserved. The second effect of exercise is npon the circulation and respiration. It is found by observation that the*ffect of the persistent use of gym nastic exercise is to enlarge the heart and lungs, both in sitse and capacity. Arch, Maolareo, adverting to this point, states, among other instances, that an army officer un4er his care for gymnastic training gained five inohes ia girth round '.the chest in lees than three months. That this growth is not to be accounted for by the mere enlargement of the pectoral muscles is proved by the inoreased volume whioh the lungs are enabled to expire, and post-mortems abundantly show an inoreased capacity as well as size in the heart and large blood-vessels. Dr. £. Morgan (Oxford) states that, when a person is exercising, tbe langa eliminate three times the amount of carbonic acid gas whioh they do in repose. The secretions of the kidneys and bowe?s are largely increased by exercise, and its tffeot is still more marked on the cutaneous perspiration. In the light of thetefaot6, exercise becomes literally Nature's great physio, eliminating from the system - the effete and poisonous matters which have lived their little span of life, and only waiting to be carried, in funeral procession, out intooblivion. Bational exercise not only developes the body, but has a chastening and subduing influence upon the mind, pro moting serenity and inducing sleep. An Exbmflaby Goose.— An American author has lately published the biography of a goose, aged seventy three. There is, doubtless, no goose like an old goose; but we find the memoir deficient in incident, and prefer that of a gander, which has lately appeared in a New York journal. Our hero was, after four weeks of maoh anxiety and ttouble, hatched by a hen to whom with six others he had been confided while etill in the shelL He was, at first, much beloved by bis fester-mother, to whom, however, he caused some anxiety, on account of a habit of getting his feet wet ; bnt he rapidly outgrew her care, whereupon she left him to himself, and took to sitting again. The gosling now underwent a period of loneliness whioh would have demoralised an Ill-conditioned bird; butneaosner did hiB little half brothers and sisters appear than his vocation in life was revealed to him. He devoted himself to their protection and support, gathered the ooioks under his wings when it rained, found and shelled corn for them, and drove off all other fowls that attempted to interfere with hit charges ; and when, at last, the indefatigable hen went off to hatch anether brood, he undertook the entire management of the whole family. He is now to be seen happy, in the grateful attachment of his foster-mother and her numerous progeny, and enjoying, besides the esteem and respect of bis owner, as well as of all to whom his ex emplary Hfe is known. LibbxIiTko a dead Pbesojt.— It has been recently stated by ' A Critic.' in a letter written to the PaU Mall Gaiette, dprcpot of ' Grevflle's Memoirs,' that to libel a dead person ib a criminal effenoe. And it is, no doubt, so laid down, remarks the Latvlimes, in the case Be Libellis Famosia (6 Coke 126), the reason given being that the libel 'stirs up others of the aame family blood or society to re venge, and to break the peace.' InB.t?.Topbam (4T.E. 128TA.D. 1791), in which the defendant was indicted for publishing a libel of Earl Cowper, then deoeased,and for * causing it to be believed that the said earl in his lifetime was destitute (After alia) ef final duty and affection,' Lor Chief Justice Kenvon delivered the considered jodgmentof the Court thus: MToa»y that the conduct of a dead person can at no time be canvassed; to hold that, even after ages are paHcd, the conduct of a bad man cannot be contrasted with the geod, would be to exclude the most usefal put of history ? Bat let this be done whenever it may, whether soon or late after tbe death of tbe deceased, if it be dene with a malevolent purpose, to vilify the memory of the deceated, and to injure hia posterity, .... it is done with a design to bre^k the peace, and becomes illegal' And the Court accordingly held that the jury ought tj have been atked ' whether the papers were published iu the epiiitof a b ographer, or wi'h a malicious intention to de fame and vilify tbe character' of the deceased? Lord Kecycn, however, cited with approval the case of B. v. tritchiey (4 T. B. 132 n ), in which a c-imiml information was granted against the defendant for publishing of a de ccsreti nobleman that ' he could not be called a f rieni to his country, for he changed kin principles for a red ribbon, ate vottd tor that pemicions project, tbe excite.' t 'Wbalth in Pbospbct. — Mr. John Alston Wal lace, M.L.C., according to the Wahgunyah Ghrmiele, is a fortunate individual. His successes in gold mining are put in the shade by the acquirement of one of the richest mines of nickel silver the world ever heard of. In New Cahdonia, for some tfme past, an old Buth?rglen idettitv, Mr. James Clemens, has been prospecting for precious metals, and discovered a seam or lode of that ore known in tbe D.arket as niokel, and whioh is worth in England 12s. per lb. Mr. John Alston Wallace was written to by this Clemens axd asked to join him in the further development of his discovery, the lode at the date of his latter being eight inches in thickness, and, even at that, was thought to be a ' good thing.' But what will be said when it is made known that upon sinking a few reet deeper the lode widened out to eight feet— ihe largest vein of preoious metal in the known world. It is hard to imagiae the enormous amount of wealth here represented, bat some idea may te had of its vastness by comparing the dimensions of the eeam to those of the hitherto largest in the world, ia Eweden, bnt which is only eighteen inches wide. The proprietors have orders from England for as muoh as they like to rend at tbe price quoted above. An ' Esq.'— The general effect at the present day of the law, as it stands, is this— that probably not one person in five hundred, or even a thousand, of those who on every groucd of recognised social position are properly to be regarded as of the quality which the title Esquire is sup posed to imply is legally of that degree. The standing, therefore, of Beqnire, when conferred by law, hardly amounts to a distinction from whioh any reasonable man could by possibility contrive to extract even the most humble m- dfcnm of self-gratulation. Nor can the enjoy m- nt of the title by tha voluntary oonoesnon of other people be the souroe of more than the scantiest degree of pleasure whioh is conceivable, the satisfaction derivable Irtm such an appendage to one's name being, in respeot of its unsubstantial nature, comparable only to the delight which, BOpordiog to the quaint language of the old Latin ^grammars, transitive verbs are alleged to feel in the parti cular cases of the rubstantives which are respectively annexed to them. For men whose pursuits are of a distinctively plebeian and ignoble type— such as, for example, pnblioanB, clerks, and shopmen — are nowa days, as- oommonly as not, addressed as esquires. While, therefore, no real gentlefolks, or people of any assured position, can possibly care a straw whether the envelopes of the letters whioh they receive are embellished by an idle formula, there are, no doubt, individuals of a different type who would be aoutely chagrined if the complimentary sequel to their names were to be omitted. These are suoh men as are most conoiady to be described by the phrases familiar to schoolboys of 'HeBterni Quirites' and 'Pejoribus Orti,' who, owing to their want of sufficient means, or of cultivation, or the uncomely character of their antecedents or present sur roundings, are susceptible of disquietude as to the mainte nance of their footing in the 'genteel' society in which they are anxious to hold a place. Consequently, they are prone to excessive rigour in the exaction of the tribute of every observance, however trifling, the withholding of which may be interpreted as implying some want of assent to the validity of their pretensions. Hence the result that the degree of stress which a man lays on the right, arbitrarily assumed by himself, to be counters an Esquire 1b in precisely inverse proportion to the strength of any genuine claim whioh he may possess to be so designated.— Daily News. Russia intends making some reforms in primary instruc tion. Tbe state of benightedness which at present exists there may be gathered from the fact that of the reserves which were called out in 1872 nearly 88 percent, could neither read nor write! In France, some years ago, about 32 per cent, of the recruits could not read and write. In Germany the proportion is, at most, 4 per cent. ; and these 4 per cent, mainly belong to provinces where there is an admixture of a non- Gorman element in race and speech. Tbe Buffiian reform is to consist of the introduction of com pulsory and gratuitous instruction— that is to say, if the parishes or district assemblies express a wish for it— not otherwise! This idea is much on a par with what has been done in England ; and we apprehend the results will prove even less satisfactory among the sluggish people of Muscovy. 