"JIY BODY TO BE BURNED." Southern Uross, January 16. An English lady who appears to have been even more eccentric than her husband, of whom our good Queen is reported to have said, " 1 took him on my knee when a child and stroked his hair: I must have stroked it tho wrong way," has, in a sense never contemplated by St. Paul, given her body to be burned. All that remained on earth of Lady Dilke was, in pursuance of her ladyship's will, handed over to the oven of Frederick Siemens,, of Dresden, last October, for " a scientific experiment." The revolting details of the cremation have reuched us, via Cologne, and from them we learn that her brother-in-law and a Loudon attorney spent a fortnight in Dresden- making arrangements for the event; and they were unable to secure the attendance of a minister of religion at the time of. the " experiment; " that there were present,. among others, the head of the Polioey. two town councillors, two medical men,, and. a ; civil engineer, and that before "tile introc. ductiou of the corpse" Herr Siemens " requested those present to offer.- up., a. silent prayer for the deceased," w&Bther; for her soul or her body we are net-informed, bat in the one case as unavailing as the other. We know not what was. hen ladyship's religious belief, or whether she had any. The " experiment" was a, tribute to science, and, for anything that appears to the contrary, to science she'gave all her. faith aud all her hope iu giving her body., to , be. burned. We will not shock our readers with the details of the process, they are too horrible; but it is made to appear, thai the " experiment" was satisfactory, for. iu seveuiy-five minutes six,pounds weight of, ashes w,as the-available residuum of this human, subject; and now it is.satis-, factorily proved that the body of. man..or, woman, can. be burnt, in the fire with as much, facility, as the body of a beast, and that. Herr, Siemens has a furnace which answers the pu.r- | poso very well! Surely the world owes.much: I to its titled benefactress, and also to the. cjitwr pi ising. and scientific German ! In. leferi iug to, this subject we do .not! mean to-impeach the Christianity of all, who .favour cremation. I'erhaps it is possible, for, other good people to do- as Lady. Dilke has doue ; hut w.e think that they will generally be found among the eccentric who. have, pleasure in startling their friends, or the brave -young members of our debating, societies, , or, the inr considerate who ask—'what does it signify ?: or. the deniers of Chiistiua doctriue-. i]he- great mass of Chris!ian populations, will, reject the proposal to : build ,furnacei.insteadi of digging graves; they, will rejpct.it as, Bagfm. and unchristiau. No well- instructed,personi can, suppose- that the mode of treating the dead: wall, in. the least degree affect their eternal, state,, on that cremation can put any difficulty, in the--way of their being raised again.;, yet who. will deny that interment bast accords, with/ the doctrine of the resu:rrectioni and. withi • the illustrations of the doctrine, contained in< the Bible 1 It not only harmonises withi it v but in committing the body of a, ftiend to. the grave, "dust to dust, ashes to ashes,.'* we naturally connect our act witlL thn potent act of Him who is " the resurrection, and! the life;" we leave it there for hinnalone t<».deal with—at least sucli is our.- wi&Luaud.; purpose-; and we consider that i£ it be- now touched by any they ar.e guilty of unpardonable violence both to the dead and the living. The human body,, whether alive or dead; must be held; sacred t We say must, lor we write-in. the interests of society,.and with, the couvictton that if violence- he- done to- the ctead the living will lose the- delicate respect and honour to- which Christianity, has giv.cn origin. The inviolability, of the- iuituan. persoui cannot remain the: pervaswe-aud. powerful idea that it now is; if the dead, are treated with, violence:;, audi, we- ask,, what greater violence can be- done- thaiii to convey, them to- a> furnace,, and submit them, to- a process which. Hi: little- ovec an. hour lea-v.es but a few pounds- weight. e£ ehacr,ed remains ?: Without imputing, infidelity to the- abettors- of cremation,, we- think its- advocates have a great advantage in. that, temporary revival ©£ maberiidietio: infidelity w.liichi has sesulted from, the- theories- of some- of our otert. of science: The- mam w,ho> burns, away front the- Scripture- statements- ass to- our origin,, out'- redemption^, our resurrection, aud eternal, destiny,, and reoeiwes- insteadl thetheory that we are of brutall descant,, must suffer in. the respect he- has; for himself and for his- species.. And there- happens- to> be just now a tacit assent in> the-mindai of many to- a. theory so- animal; andi so-ini accord' with: their animal; propensities The; theory will be sure to- hawe- its- couseqjiences*. It willi iiK erease the- sensuality of- mankinij, and;, alltrue heroism, being; thus- weak-enedj, it will create the miserable- cowardice: that-commits suicide when- the- pleasures ofT life-, are- succeeded by life's- sorrows-;; moreowen,, it will, remove fronn the- mind alii eoncecni as- towhat becomes- of aibodlji so> ignobly deriwedl We hare- given: Mil eonwdemtioni to- tlie arguments of the most- dietinguishedladlvooafces of ct>em«tionv audi are- compelledl t»> say that some of tiiemi are fbundfedl on< a> gross. ex-agera» tiou. of facts), others- ace-, oonagetedi wisth^ sug.- gestiojis toy pevwlfcingr to» and all: of tbem ignore- the dignity w&gfii; Christian* doctpine gives to- human nature; even.- that portion of Jt whick is- of tbe- earthj. earthy That which- the- Bible affirms to- be at special; ereation,. aad T speaikip i« hum am language,, am efibw of the divine wisdom, and. gaodoess—that which has been allied with tho: Deity kn the-iooarnatiou of the Son. of God—t&afc; which has- been redeemed and, iit. the caee-o£' Christian- believe^ made tho temple of the-. ;Holy; Ghost— that which will be raised'^ sublimated, and glorified in the great day—these; men would violently destroy. But we- hove no expectation that any considerable number of Christian people wilt give np themselves or their friends to Herr Sieinen's furneGe: Sentiment albue will be too strong 1 for cremation it is, indeed so strong that it will assert itself without being appealed to by us; and we shall continue to see the laying-out, planning, and ornamenting of well-situated grounds for purposes of Christian burial. We shall still associate with death, the solemn procession, the impressive burial service, the quiet placing of the dead, and the planting of fiowera on the spot hallowed by their precious remains. To healthy sentiment, and to the prevailing Christian sense of what is rigbt and becoming we leave a subject which has been awhile obtruded upon our attention. It will soon be forgotten, even though the baronet himself gives his body to be burned. BITSB FIRF.S.—WE notice that Tumut is completely surrounded by bush fires, which promise speedily to destroy tbe little, dry grass that the protracted drought and hot weather has spared us, besides causing great risk to fences aud other valuable property. We understand that these fires have been principally caused by the employes, of our blacksmiths burning charcoal, and.not taking proper precautious! to prevent the spreading of their fires. We would warn such that penalties can be enforced by tbe law for such culpable carelessness. The danger in becoming-BO imminent from the close proximity of these fires to the township, that the town-crier went round yesterday afternoon inviting public assistance to put them out. Some very strong preventive measures, are require*) to put un effectual stop to this reckless playing with fiif>, for unless it is done, abd speedily too. t here will btt fto security for ei^her life or prqperty. , 