Mit anir Pumor \ Civil rights— Obliging answers. How to Signal a Bark— Pull a dog's tail. ; How to Make a Clean Sweep — Wash him, '? The End Whioh All Like to Come. To— A dividend. In the very first number of a new papar was fousd a letter from an ' Old Subscriber.' His age was not given. A man who had been married twice to ladies both named Catherine advised his friends against taking dupli-kates. A school girl was recently asked at an exami nation by the clergyman to tel! him what Adam lost by His fall, and, when pressed, she replied, ' I suppose it was his hat !' , A husband, who only opposed his wife's 111 bamor by silence, was told by a friend that he 'was afraid of his wife.' 'It is not she I am afraid of,' replied the husband, ' it's the noise.' A shrewd Indianbpolis widow made her lovex deposit 3,000 doL in the hands of a trustee on the morning of the wedding day, the money to be at her order for diverce purposes should she ev^r desire to take such action. School Inspector to urchin— 'Now, Johnny, how many can you count?' Johnny— 'One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.' Inspector — 'Good, Johnny; go on.' Johnny (after a moment's thought) — ''Jack, queen, king, ace.' ' It's well enough fer you to name your boy Ellas,' said Aunt Hepzibah, ' but for gracious goodness' sake don't name him Alias, 'oause tbe Aliases is always a cuttin' up bad. Here's Alias Jones, Alias Brown, ; Alias Thompson, Alias One-eyed Jake, all been took up for robbln' an' stealin'.' A short time since the following order was presented to the doorkeeper of a theatre in Paris on the first night of a new play ; it was borne by the chief ot the claque: — 'Pass M,; Dugiux and. one hundred and three friends. They will be present to inspire the audience.' A Poaghkeepsie parent lately induced a croupy youngster to make quite a hearty meal of buckwheat cakes and ' maple molasses,' ' but the latter proved to be nice syrup of squills. - The boy said he thought something ailed the, molasses the very minute his father told him to eat all he wanted. A Plainvillo clergyman insists that he saw a , snake 40 feet long, and as big round as a barrel of whisky. A pretty good-sized insect that; we nave no doubt but that he saw it, but he unquestionably saw the barrel of whisky before he saw the snake. It seems more reasonable, somehow. . James Freeman Clarke has invented a lantern to see stars with ; but we don't think his inven tion will amount to much. A man can «ee enough stars to last Mm a lifetime by simply sitting down heavily on the ice on the back of his head. Some men have seen millions of stars in. an -instant by merely calling a bigger man than themselves a liar. 'Ton jist ought to have been over, to our house last night,' shouted one small boy .to another on the Campus Martina yesterday, ?* Why— making pictures?' inquired the other. 'Naut much ! humph ! Ne, sir ; our folks vent away, and we had popcorn, two kinds of sweetened water, milk and camphor,, drew, the dog around in the tablecloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories, '—Detroit Tribune. During a severe storm which occurred at night, the wife of a hill farmer in Roxburgh shire was awakened by the crashing sound pro duced by the fall of a tree. She awoke her husband with the exclamation, ' Get up, gude man, for sure eneuch this is the last day!' ' Lie still, woman,' replied her impatient lord ; ' wlia ever heard o' the last day comin' in the ' middle of the Tiicht?' ' You have a pleasant home and a bright fire side, with happy children sitting around it, havn't you?'' enquired a New York Judge. 'Yes, sir,' said Thompson, who thought he saw a way out of the difficulty. 'Well,' said the Judge, 'if the happy children sit around the cheerful fireside until you return, they will stay there just forty- three days, as I shall lave to send you up for that time.' The following choice epitaph may be found in a New Jersey churchyard :— ' Here lies, stranger, a father splll'd From a stage coach, and thereby klll'd ! ^lxb uaiuo was t;uuu oj'&.ua, a jiianci m uuioo* mangers, Slain with three other outside passengers. Weep not, for the business . is carried on by James Sykes, his son and heir.' On a certain occasion the counsel took some exception to the ruling of the Court on some point, and a dispute arose. 'If the Court please,' said a counsel, and at the same time picked up a volume. ' There is no referring to any book,' exclaimed the Court, angrily, 'I have decided the p'int.' 'But your Honor—' persisted the attorney. ' Now, I don't want to hear anything on the subject,' yelled the Court ; ' I tell you I have decided that p'int.' ' ' I am satisfied of that ; but this is a volume of Blackstone. I am certain he differs with your Honor, and I only want to show you what a fool Blackstone is.' 'Ah, indeed,' exclaimed the Court, ' now you begin to talk.' A Oassave father procured an outfit of oil paints and brushes for his eight-year-old son the other day, the lad having developed a talent for drawing. Little was seen of the boy for two or three days, and then he took his father and mother by the hand and led them into the parlor and triumphantly pointed to the proofs of his artistic skilL The gilt paper on the walls formed a fine ground-work for him, and he had painted a hois3 over one door, a lion over, another, a bird over the third, and at intervals along the walls he nad brought out fighting dogs, ships, fire engines, Indians in full dress, and bears chasing boys. He had put a new border on the bay window curtains, striped the legs of the piano, and had proceeded to touch up and Improve certain ohromos and oil paint ings hanging on the walls. Father and mother gaz;d around, and the young anist anxiously waited for them to pat him on the head and say they were proud of such a son. They didn't pat him — not very muoh. The father placed the son's ear between his thumb and finger and led - him through several rooms to the wcoi-shed, and what followed may be inferred from a re mark by the boy and overheard by a pedestrian — ' Oh, father, let up on me, and I'd. never bo an artist any more.' — Detroit Free Press. Colonel Tompkins, of Meriden, is an eccentric man. He has a passion for collecting strange animals and domes iicating them on Ms farm. His success with the alligator is remarkable. A few years ago he bought one of these reptiles of a Bea captain, who had brought it north when young. Being fully acclimated, a snowstorm only amuses the reptile, while the. cold air of the north greatly adds to the toughness of its hide. The boys have often struck it with a pickaxe with about as much effect as if it had been a steam boiler. This alligator is as eccen tric as its master; but it is the best disposed animal in the world. It will work in a thrashing machine 10 hours a day, but, if overtasked, itB mouth opens sarcastically. ' Next to eating ham, its cMef delight is to go with the boys to the river, where it waits till they disrobe ; then it plunges in and allewa them: to ride on its back. Once a water mooassin bit a lad and fled to its hole. The alligator threw the boy out on the bank with its tail, then turned its attention to that serpent's abiding place, with its mouth wide open and its eyes red with rase. Net less than 18 mooassins were lying dead at the boy's feet before he could count six. The alligator set up a terrific howl of exultation. Put ting the boy astride its back, and the snakes in its jaw, it started for the house at the top of its speed. Fortunately the lad was not dangerously injured. Colonel Tompkins rewarded the reptile with a box of soap-grease and a young - pig. Each spring its scales are renovated with a cold chisel. This little feature in its toilet pleases it immensely, and it capers around for au soar aiserwarus. uauurau are great favorites with the reptile. They give it cheese and cranberries, and bits of roast chicken on their way to sohooL while it . keepB a sharp look-out for the cross dogs that may follow them. The black smith's boy who trims its scales is a particular friend. Last March, when they wore unusually tMck, he chiselled circular places. in its hide, and inserted a cheap bullseye clock on either side of it, and wedged them fast. At first the animal was uneasy, but when it -heard the ttok ing its delight was unbounded, and it waddled off to show itself to the school girls. Eecently its teeth became so dull that it could hardly, chew, and it whined piteously. The black smiths boy gave it a couple of tom-cats and led it to the shop, where he filed the teeth to a keen edge. The animal was so overjoyed that it ran out and gnawed down a hitchiog-post, and gobbled up a stray dog that was passing. Since then the alligator makes monthly visits to the shop for repairs. When its lower teeth - are done, it turns over on -its back, and opeuB its mouth the wMle the boy puts a buzz-saw finish on the upper row. — Daribury iVews. What Cast -of Giving Cbi.ditfob a Ceboob Advertisement.— I; is a notorious fact that itinerant circus companies pay very poorly, and that the man who does not get his money from them in advance is not very likely to get it at ill. Colonel Bangs, of the Danbury Argus- has suffered a good deal from these concerns, and when 'The Great European Circus and Me rouolitau Caravan' tried to slip off the other day without settling its advertising bill, he called upon the Sheriff, and got him to attach the Rooky Mountain bear for the debt. The bear was brought in its cage, and placed in the eomposlog room, where it consumed two dollars' worth of meat in two days (the colonel's bill was only 12 dollars), and scratched one trousers leg off the reporter, who was standing in front of the cage, giving the foreman a lecture In zoology. On the third day the bottom fell out of the oage, and astheBoeky Mountain bear seemed to want to roam around and enquire into things, the whole force of compositors all at once felt as if they ought to go suddenly downstairs and give the animal a chanoe. With' that mysterious instinct which distinguishes dumb aaimals, and which goes far to prove that they have souls, the bear went at once to the door of Bangs's sanctum, and it broke in just as the colonel was in the middle of a tearing editorial upon 'The Third- Term and Our Tendencies Towards Cagsarism.' The colonel, however, did not hesitate to knock off. He , stopped at once and emerged with a fiae, airy grace through the window, bringing the sash with Mm, and then he climbed up the water-spout to the roof, where he sat until a nobk-and-ladoer company came* and took Mm off. The Arqux did not Issue for a week, for although the colonel bom barded that bear with shot guns pointed through the windows, and although the fire engine squirted hot water at him, he got along very comfortably until Saturday night when he tried to swallow a composing-stick and choked to death. When they entered the room they found that the animal had upset all the type, and had soaked himself in ink and then rolled over every square inch of the floor, while the colonel's leader on the 'Third' ; Term' was saturated witk water and perforated with shot holes. After tMs, circus advertisements in the Argus will be paid in advance.: — Danbury News. 