THEATRE ROYAL. It was a pity that the opening of the Fair clough season at the Eoyal was not deferred for one evening* for it was too mnoh to expect a crowded house in the face of suoh a.counter attraction as Mdlle. lima de Murska's farewell benefit. Tha attendance; at the production of " Hamlet,''though small, was, howeveryj quite as large as could -be -anticipated under such unfavorable circumstances, and the enthusiastic welcome Mr. Fairclough received proved how thoroughly Ke has. established himself as a tragedian in the admiration of the lovers of the highest class of. acting., We need not enter into elaborate eulogv of his grand impersonation of the Danish Prince, having oppressed ourselves j in terms of almost unqualified praise of tfiis - perfenhance during his last visit to this city.-' His perfect-conception of the part,- vivid portrayal' of the most overpowering emotions and sublime passions,- exquisite delivery and accurate rendering.of the text, his impressive: ness of utterance and gracefulness and natural noss of manner, together with his artistic atten tion to all the details of the subject, combine to make this representation of one of Shaks peare's greatest characters ip every respect a masterpiece. . The applause was frequent and prolonged, ' and several times accompanied by showers of bouquets. . Miss Bowring played rthe Queen in her usual able and telling manner, making this part, next to Hamlet, the most important and in teresting -im the drama. Her remorse and shame, succeeding her terror and anger, and mingling with her maternal affection, were -pictured in life-like colors; and at othjr times her bearing displayedrt gal majesty and womanly ; .tenderness. Mr. West did double duty as the King and the Ghost,'and acted in both capaci ties very fairly. Miss Tilly Andrews achieved quite a success as Ophelia, 8nd though at times a little wanting in earnesntess, went through the most difficult passages In a manner that won deserved applause, sue was easy and grace! ui, sang prettily, and wish study will establish herself as an aotress considerably above the average as an impersonator of the ill-fated sister of Laertes, Mr. Wm. Andrews played well as the First Gravedigger, and found an efficient assistant in Mr. A. Andrews. Mrs. Melville did justice to the part of the Actress. For the rest of the . cast, gene rally speaking, we cannot say much, but the subordinate m mbers of the company appeared under disadvantages, several of them leing incpacltated by acoident and illness, while others had to take their places at short notice. The defects observable will doubtless be to a great extent remedied in repetitions of' the tragedy, and as it was, the acting of the star and several other artistes made the perfor mance oho well worth witnessing. Tc-night | the same piece will be repeated. 