THE AMERICAN PRESS ON MR* GLADSTONE. Tii! arrival of the mail steamer from Ame rica enables us to ascertain the effect .which Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet on the Vaticaii Decrees has produced in the States. The New York co-respondent of the &16M writing on the ^lst Ndvember, says : — 'The Gladstone-Manning controversy is regarded here mainly in the light of a bid on the part of the Premier for popularity., That Mr. Glad&tone; had any sincerity of purpose in printing his ' Vatidan Decrees' seems never to entdr the heads of the writers. The effort to * revive the ghost of Jesuitism' is pronounced an unworthy dodge* while the attempt to light up the flame of religious rancour is considered as mistakeil A piece of policy as ifc is unjustifiable.' The correspondent of the Echo, dating from New York on November 20th, says : — ' The subject seems to arouse proportion ately as much interest here as in England. At any rate the press is. taking hold of it pretty vigorously, the ITew Yorh Herald thinking it of sufficient importance to have a rather full summary of the whole of Arch bishop Manning's letters and extracts from the comments of the London papers sent specially by cable.' The Herald remarks : There should be no combat between the Church and the State, and we believe there is no real ground for it, either in Germany or England. Mr. Glad stone's fear that the Pope is about to drag Europe into a war seems to be baseless, and is probably intended for political effect upon the minds of Englishmen.' The comments of the New Yorh Tribune will have special interest for Irish readers, ' it cannot be denied' observes this journal, ' that by this controversy he (Mr, Gladstone) has endangered the continued existence of the Liberal party, as it now stands.' Further ' if the question of the conflict between the loyalty of Catholics to the Church and the State becomes a living issue of English poli tics, it will disturb the equilibrium of all parties as profoundly as the question of slavery did in this country after the com promise measure of 1850. It is likely that Mr. Disraeli looks with as much anxiety upon this explosion of conscience in his old adversary as that which is felt by any of Mr. Gladstone's associates.' The Neio York Times also thinks the poli tical effect of the pamphlet upon Mr. Glad stone and the Liberal party of which it says he is as yet the actual chief, will be disas trous, although Mr. Gladstone has very effectually vindicated himself from tho clia^ racfcer of being a Jesuit in disguise,, 