SWEETENING JIIE HAY... From the borne pnpers we learn that a branch of promise ense lately henrd at the Liverpool Assizes in which the plaintiff Thomnsine E. Hole was a widow thirty-eight ' years of age, who resided in Manchester ; and the defendant. John Mnrtvn. fnrtv-thnm years old, a fanner in Cornwall. It appeared that in 1871-2 both plaintiff and defendant were living nt Latchley in Cornwall. In July, 1872, the plaintiff, while in n field assisting to make hay by way of amusement, met the defendant for the first time. Tbe defendant cume up to her and commenced to carry out an old Cornish practice known as ' sweetening the hay.' Taking some hay up in his hands, he brought it in contact with the plaintiff's face, contriving to kins bar at the same time. The attachment arose from bins ceremony oi sweetening tne nay. At this time tbe plaintiff was both a village schoolmistress and a dressmaker. In the following October, defendant met the plaintiff in the village and was successful in inducing her to decline the addresses of a rival suitor named Wadge. When plaintiff said she was likely to be married to Wadae defendant cried, and begged her not to do so, adding that he would marry her himself and to that latter proposal plaintiff assented. She then told Wadge he must not call upon her any more ; -but he seems somehow to have dis rfii/ar/ipnl fbfl imnnnHnn. Plaintiff subsequently removed to Burnley, and corresponded regularly with the defend ant. At first defendant's letters were very affectionate, but their tone gradually became cooler. In one letter he sent a ' thousand kisses,' and in another '? an unlimited number of kisses.' Subsequently defendant wrote that they could not marry, as they would not be happy for a week together, as he should object to certain parties visiting tbe plaidtiff. The following verses addressed by the defend ant to the plaintiff, were rend during the trial. A paper containing the verse was thrown into an orchard where tbe plaintiff was walking : — O I might I kiss thoso eyes If fire, A million scarce would quench desire j Still would I steep my lips in bliss, And dwell on ago on every kiss. (Great laughter was excited in court by the reading of this verse, which bis lordship com mented on as ' beautiful.' This was followed by — I saw then weep the big bright tear. and then, forgetting that the plaintiff was a widow, he wrote to her — The kiss, dear maid, thy lips has left. The defendant also styled tbe plaintiff his 'Thorn,' and his 'pretty maid,' and, again relapsing into verse, bo wrote — It is the hour when from tbe boughs The nightingale's night note is heard ; It is the hour when lovers: vows Seem sweet in eveiy whispered word. In another letter he spoke of two lovers, and tbe ' sweet nothings ' they whispered in the moonlight. Plaintiff's counsel asked for moderate damages against the defendant, in order to prevent ' gay Lotharios ' going about deceiving. In summing up his lordship observed that juries in breach of promise cases, as n rule, wero inclined to side with tbe ladies, dud he was afraid that fact was very well known. Ladies appealed to juries composed of men with greater confidence, be thoueht. than thev would to those of their own sex. Man was a chivalrous animal, and inclined to shake his head at his own fellows, and to break a lance on behalf of tbe fair sex. This was a right feeling enough to b;ive outside tbe jury-box, but no such sentiment should prevail there His lordship did tint think there was satis factory corroborative evidence of the promise to marry. The jury, without leaving the box, returned a verdict for the defendant. A patient waiter. — A young doctor. How did Queen Elizabeth take her pills 1 In cider. A man sticks nt nothing he tries to stab n. ghost. What holds all the snuff in the world ? No one uose. Martin Fullertnn fell off his furniture truck tbe other day in Myrtle avenue, but his ears acted as a parachute, and he reached terra firma without injury. . Dan Paine, of the 'News,' has started a Babylonian garden on a gravel roof just back of n his den. It consists of n demoralized rose bush and a frost bitten bnrgonia, with nn old quid of tobacco in tbe middle distance an d a dismantled straw hat in perspective. 