THE DOCTRINE OF ANGELS. If all, were gathered lip that has been said upon this subject in Ritualistic pulpits during the past week— even in the diocese of Chichester alone— it would, make many a heart sad. Here is what has just occurred, at St. Leonard's. An olcl and valued friend $of ours, who has. been staying there with his family/, was taking an evening stroll on Monday last, .when,, attracted by . the ringing of a bell, the found himself opposite the open door of a well-lighted church in one of the principal streets of the town. Believing . that the ordinary evening service of tlio Church of England was about to commence, he gladly joined the congregation. But when within the building, it struck him at once that' the sexes were very unequally represented, for to less than a dozen men there were probably: more than a hundred and fifty women, among whom a detachment of sisters-of-meroy were .conspicuous. On entering every one bowed to the "altar." No sooner did the service com mence, thau our friend found himself completely bewildered, for instead of the usual .office of . the Church of England there was a short Liturgy consisting of (1) the Lord's Prayer and Apostle's Creed, (2) a few Canticles, (3) fifteen yerses1 from Psalm cxix., and then (4) twelve verses from the first chapter ; of the First Epistle of Peter. At this .point of the .proceedings,, a . young girl of about fourteen advanced to the " altar " and knelt at the rails, before a "priest" habited in surplice and stole, and. who, after receiving her vows, made some mystic move ments oyer her head, and then said as follows : — " We admit thee to be a member of the Guild of St. Leonard, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen./ In token whereof receive this . badge . and , ; this manual/ ' Be. thou faithful unto death, saith /the Lord, and I will give thee a crown of life;' This function over, the girl .rose up a member; of the " St. Mary's -Ward" of the aforesaid guild/ and Becatho bound inter alia "to com municate, weekly, at least, early and fasting : " to seek.the counsel aud advice of one of God's priests , if burdened in conscience, &c.; ;" " to say .every , day the prescribed prayer of the guild " not to attend any. place of worship that does not belong to the - Church of England (in England) under any pretence whatever." : Another priest now mounted ; the pulpit, , and —it being the eve of St. Michael's and All; Angels — preached from Heb. i. 14, ! "Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister to them who shall be hers of salvation?" Our eaders will be at no loss to conjecture the style of : discourse that followed. After insisting upon the additional obligation to a lioly life — additional to that of the baptismal vow— iui- posod by the oath which the novice had just taken, he then began, a fervid dissertation! upon the doctrine of the Holy Angels, of whom, he stated, there were nine orders. We had all our angels, and should strive to the utmost not to grieve them: " Dear angel," we might say when tempted; "how- can I do this thing ?" AVo give this as a sample of a sermon which lasted half an hour. The cliurch was Christ Church, of which-Mr. Yaughau is incumbent, but whether he was the preacher on Tuesday, our: informant cannot say. The Bishop of Chicliester, with the assistance of these data, which we now place at his lordship's disposal, may readily— if so disposed — ascertain the facts for himself, and , declare whether he endorses Mr. — 's treatment of the subject;. The bishop himself preached the next day (Michael- mass day) at Angruering on -the very same theme, and it might he interesting to compare the views of Mr. — — , with those of his diocesan, , though we have little hope that we should' find either the one or the other such as we could appro ve. - —English Paper 