Tiie Education Act is exposed to two great and growing dangers. On one side, arrayed against it fiercely and openly, are tiie Roman Catholic clergy and hierarchy, who see in the improved secular education of their flocks a blow to tho influence which they now possess, aided by as many of the laity as tbey are able to convince that ariy training which is neither given with the sanction, nor is under the control of the priesthood, is a curse instead of a blessing, and that the mental improvement is pur- UUIIbwU bUU UCtUij JU AU WtlU Uiiljr be obtained by imperilling tbe health of the soul. It is no doubt lamentable that in what it is fashionable to call an ago of enlightenment the ful- minations of Dean Slattehy, and tho utterances of his ecclesiastical superiors, should be a power in the State. It might have been expected that intelli gent Roman Catholics, unable to shut their eyes to tho excellence of the secular education imparted at the Statu schools, realising that there was no interference whatever with their religious faith, no attempt to proselytise, 1 and no desire' to prevent tho priesthood giving whatever religious instruction they pleased outside the hours set apart for secular teaching, would havo refused to follow their cle rgy in tho crusade which the latter aro preaching against the Government system of education. But the recont elections at Ararat and the Western Provinco prove that tbe Catholic vote is now, as it ever has been, under the control of tho priesthood, and that tho majority of the laity will flock to the polling booths at the dictation of their spiritual pastors and masters. The opposition of the Roman Catholics would not in itself have counted for much. Against tho LJltramontnues, and those who are under their in fluence, there is first the great body of Protestants and secondly, a large minority of the Catholic laity. lf,-thert> fore, the measure had no more powerful or dangerous opponents than Arch bishop. Coold and his clerical subor dinates, its eventual success would he assured, and tho people of Victoria would be in a position to congratulate themselves that, large as was the ex penditure to which they had committed themselves for the education of their children, the results would be commen surate with the outlay. Unfortunately, the open antagonism of the Roman Catholics is not so perilous to the success of tbe Education Act as the foolish and dangerous course pursued by its false friends, prominent amongst whom, we regret to state, is the Minister who is responsible for the administration of tho mea sure. The speech delivered by Mr. Mackay a few days ago, upon the occasion of opening a new school at Maldon, shows that while aware of the objects which the Legisla ture had in view when it passed tho present Education Act, lie lias no in tention whatever of carrying them out. Ho admitted that the compulsory clause was the very keystone of the act, and that it was because the State intended to compel everyone to send his children to school that educa tion had been made seculur and free. But in the same breath the Minister began to defend his department for not enforcing the compulsory clause. With a disin- genuousness of which it is lamentable to tbink that a responsible Minister of the Crown could be guilty, Mr. Mackay asked his auditory whether, "in in- " augurating a new system, they were " not bound to make it as palatable as " possible, and try to get the peoplo to " yield to it rather by persuasion " than by force V' What would the Minister of Education think if . his principle were applied to any other department of Govern ment 't It is not very long since the public exhibition of betting lists was first declared illegal. Did the police wait for an indefinite period, until the new law had become palatable, before they carried out the Act for the Suppression of Public Gambling 1 A delay of a few weeks would, of course, bo only prudent and proper ; but the Education Act has now been in force for two years and a half, without any systematic attempt to enforce tho compulsory clauses. What does Mr. Mackay mean by saying that " until they " placed enough schools throughout tho " length and breadth of the land it " would be injudicious to apply the full " force of the clause!" and his employ ment of the argumenium (id hominem in asking whether it would have been just to put the compulsory clause in force at Maldon when there was not sufficient school accommodation? Of course it would not. But the injustice of compulsion at Maldon, where there was no school, was no argument against the enforcement of the clause at the Butts, Emerald-liill, whore, with ac commodation for 1000 children, the ave rage attendance has fallen to 014. The truth is that the Minister of Education shirks the enforcement of the com pulsory clause because ho thinks it would make him, and perhaps his col leagues, unpopular. It is very pleasant to appear Jin the light of a bountiful providence, spreading the blessings of a free education amongst a knowledge- loving peoplo : but to dragoon them into sending theirchildren to school, whether they like it or not, may not always be so pleasant a task. The non-enforce ment of the compulsory clause is, dis guise it as Mr. Mackay may attempt, due to a species of cowardice, a desire to make things pleasant, to be all things to all men. The action of the depart ment arises from a want of moral back bone. It is no use for Mr. Mackay and his subordinates to throw dust in the eyes of the people. That a large amount of money has been expended in build ing schools and paying teachers is, of course, true. The figures are shown all too clearly in the records of the de partment, and in the financial state ment. It needs no great statesmanship to be ablo to spend money. What the Legislature demanded of the Minister of Education when it placed in his hands the present act, and gave him carle bJancke in the way of funds, was that some means should be found for compelling the 30,000 children who, three years ago, were growing up in ignorance and vice, to attend some school or another. It is idle for Mr. Mackay to felicitate himself upon the closing of private schools, the ruin of private schoolmasters, and the increased attendance at the State as compared with the old common schools. Such a result was the natural consequences of the Government underselling ordinary teachers, and making education free. It needed no ghost to come from the grave to tell us thnt a good article given away would be more attractive man an xmoriui uuo iua «iuwi « charge was made. The problem which Mr. Mackay and Mr. Venaules had to solve was how to diminish the numberof the 30,000 persons of the school age who, before the act passed, were in the receipt of no education at all, and whose names did not appear on the list of either common or private schools. Unless the large expenditure which the colony has had to defray has materially reduced the number of what are coarsely but graphically termed gutter- children, the department is a sham, and the ad ministration of the act has been a failure. The rapid passage of the St. Osyth proves that the Cape route; is tho best for both passengers and mails. Six months ago the steamer made the out ward run in forty-nine days, yesterday she arrived in forty-five days from Plymouth, including a detention of more than twenty-four hours at St. Vincent. Had not the mail steamer Ceylon made her trip four days within the contract time, the St. Osyth would have brought twenty-six days' later English.ie.wa. If J" such ,_grapid- and regular runs can- be made by a steamer which cannot or does not lake enough coal for the whole passago, was not built expressly for tho Australian trade, and has no other inducement for making a rapid passage than tho reputation and prestige which alio thereby acquires, whnt might not be expected from a regular line of full-power steamships, built ex pressly for the trade, and receiving a subsidy for conveying tho mails, which would induco thom to carry less cargo and more coal? Already steamers byway of the Capo make the outward passage in less time than is occupied by tho mail route by way of Point de Galle, Suez and Brindisi, whilo the passengers are not exposed to the dangers and in conveniences of the P<ed Sea. It is high time that Victoria finally adopted tho Cope route for tho conveyance of her outward mails. No step would do so much to make Melbourne the entrepot of the southern hemisphere. 