AMUSEMENTS. \ The week has not been a brilliant one in the matter of public amusements. The Waif of the Streets has held the stage at the Royal to a gradually diminishing audience, until the stalls and dress circle presented the' some- what unwonted spectacle at this theatre of a beggarly array of empty benches. It was a mistake to run such a piece for a fortnight. Despite the undoubted cleverness of li.tle Rosa Towers, the drama did not possess the elements of the most ordinary attractiveness, and the glaring anomalies and absurd viola tions of the very commonest rules and con ventionalities of society were sufficient to deter the most obstinate playgoer from repeating the dose after having once seen the performance. Indeed, it wo uld seem as though the current of popular favor was setting in on the opposite side of the street, and it will soon behove Messrs Harwood and Co. to look to their laurels. Granted that the two houses — the Royal and the Opera House — run in different" grooves— that the former is the last refuge of the legitimate drama, and that the latter aims at high-olass music and operatic eccentricities, still, if the public cannot get decent drama for their money, they are bound to invest in opera bouffe, notwithstanding the inanities and nonsense by which it may be distinguished. Grif, a dramatisation of Mr. Farjeon's well-known work, is announced to be next produced by the Towers family at the Royal. Itis.to be hoped that it may meet with more success than its predecessor. Le Petit Faust has had a very successful run for the fortnight that it has kept the boards of the "Opera House. The work has been so thoroughly emasculated in its trans formation from the Frenohto the English idea " of opera bouffe entertainment that it borders in places greatly on the childish and non sensical. The scene in the schoolroom in the opening act is no doubt very funny, but it is excessively tame. Miss Jeannie Win ston does much to impart vitality and spirit to the business, but her natural vivacity ap pears severely taxed to make the thing go. Beyond the burlesque implied by the young lady's attire, there is scarcely a point in the whole act, and it is with a feeling of relief that one sees the drop scene come down. The second act is much better. There is Borne genuine humor imparted into the action, and the Marguerite of Miss Winston, no less than the Martha of Mr. George Leo pold, is highly provocative of good humor. The former displays Miss Winston's facility in accommodating herself to part® that take their tone from what is meant rather than from what meets the ear. Her Marguerite is quite a study. In the second act she enters from the side with all the meek serenity and. aud mild contemplative- ness of a Christian martyr about to be led to the stake. She is attired after the con ventional fashion, and looks altogether the picture of a rustic innocent. Having gone through this, which is of course treated as a farce, she suddenly inquires of her bulky at tendant how she looks, and proceeds to ex hibit the customary airs and graces of a Girl of the Period, In this act throughout Miss Winston is at her best, and fully realises all that her friends predicted of her latent liiBtrionic power and versatility.- Misa Thomson is very dapper, in fact quite dainty as Mephistopheles, but beyond' this there w little to be said of her rendering of a part out of which much might be made. Her voice has not yet acquired its musical ten- aion, so that the characteristic song 0f" That's the way to rule 'em had to be slightly modified to suit her. vMr Bracy has also been somewhat out of voice. He looks a graceful Faust on the stage, but his acting is hardly up to the mark. Mr. Edward Farley appeared to be the general utility man of the piece. Ho is as various as Bottom the weaver in the multifariousness of the parts he is willing to assume in the performance. It is doing him only justice, however, to say that in all ho attempts Mr Farley displays a consider, able amount of ability so far as the acting ia concerned, while in the musical department he is quite a host in himself. Mr. Daniels is very amusing as old Bopp, the usher of tho school, and it is a matter of regret that ho ! could not be allotted even a more prominent part. , The scenery is appropriate, and well painted. It is from the brush of Mr. Habbe who never fails to please in this respect. Ho : has furnished two scenes for the opera one a square in a German city, and" another a scene by the sea side, at a fashionable ' watering place. The latter is particularly felicitous, the effect of the wavo3 breaking upon tho beach being perfectly realistic, ' There is no doubt but that opera bouffe is mainly dependent for its success upon its scenic no less than its musical adjuncts, and in this respect the Opera House has - seldom been found wanting. Everything ' considered, the company 'appear to' have made the most of _the material afforded them, and if the piece cannot hold tho ' stage as long as many similar, but moro popular works, it is not the fault of the man. agement. ' On Monday evening the performance was for the benefit of the Eye and Ear Institu- , tion, Mr. Williamson and Miss Magglo Moore kindly lending their services gratuit ously on the occasion. The result, was the assembling of one of the largest audi, ences that has been witnessed in Melbourha perhaps for years. The programme was most attractive, including the second part of tho opera bouffe of Le Petit Faust, the drama of Iverry, and the Fool of the Family, Mr. Wfi. liamson and Miss Maggie Moore taking the more prominent parts in the latter pieces, These popular artists were received .with tho utmost enthusiasm, their acting ' evoking the warmest demonstrations of , approval, The opera went with great spirit,' and the points seemed to " tell with 're doubled vigor. Mr. Williamson's imperson ation of Kerry, in the piece of that name, was the great feature of the evening's entertainment. The cast was not , as strong, perhaps, as when the piece was produced on : the opposite side of the street, bat the little drama, nevertheless, went smoothly and well,' Mr. Holloway took the part of Desmond, Mr. Bracy that of Colonel Coldhain, .Mr, Daniels giving a very fairinterpretahionof Dr. Hellish. Miss Maggie Moore assumed tho role of Kate with characteristic ease and grace ; her song, When the stars begin to peep, and accompanying dance, it is almost needless to say, drew the house down. The Fool of the' Family, which is an. amusing sketch of American life, afforded the utmost entertainment, Miss Maggie Moore as Betty Sanders coming in for the lion's share of the applause. The Williamsons have been deservedly successful during their sojourn ' in Victoria, and they exhibited a grateful sense of their appreciation of the same by giving their farewell performance for tho benefit of one of our charities. At the St. George's Hall on. Saturday ; night, the Fakir of Oolu introduced a novel feature in his performance, that will rank among the cleverest of his wonders. This was called the Enchanted Canopy, and con sisted of an enclosure something like » square four-post bedstead, with curtains around their four sides, but not coming within a couple of feet of the ground. Tho audience could "consequently clearly seo under the structure, and the curtains were drawn aside so that the spectators might be sure there was no place of concealment, and that the canopy was isolated from all connection with the surrounding scenery! Dr. Sylvester then proceeded to explain the mysteries of the canopy, bnt was interrupted byOphelia (MiBs Alice Doerwyn), whose head appears above the short curtain, and charges the Fakir with having made a ghost of her father. He protested, she was reconciled; and the scene ended by Ophelia disappearing as mysteriously as she came.: The Fakir then began a narration concerning a pro- ' fessor troubled with the lock-jaw, but Chat terbox, Esq. (Mr. A. Sylvester) put in an , unexpected appearance, and discoursed volubly on things in general till exhausted. He, too, retired in some puzzling fashion; and the look-jaw narrative was resumed till interrupted by another visitor, Pandora (Miss Deorwyn again), ' who presented the Fakir with a magic ring, and explained itj use. In vocal numbers she tunefully assured the audience that Spring and Summer never fade, and then presto ! she was gone, and Chatterbox, Esq., re-appeared and entered into an altercation with the Fakir, who took a shot at the loquacious intruder soon after he had bobbed behind the curtain. Ophelia jumped out from the canopy instanter, and clamored for her father, while almost in stantaneously Chatterbox, Esq., appeared amongst the audience at the back of the halt' and poured forth Buoh a well-simulated torrent of abuse, on the Fakir, and was so forcibly carried out by two attendants, that the audience were half inclined to believe that it was a genuine rumpus. The charac ters throughout the little comedy come like shadows, so depart, and the mixture of my teryandfarce was sointermingled that the en chanted canopy was highly interesting to the large audience. . The concert given at the Town Hall on Saturday evening under the auspices of the Early Closing Association secured only a mo derate attendance, but what the audience lacked in point of numbers they fully ®a , up in hearty appreciation. Madame Bishop selections were given with all that thoroufi g artistic feeling aud evidence of high cult'jr g which marks everything in which she ap- g pears. A new song by S. Massett, entitle g Learning to walk, was given by her 1 most beautiful and chaste manner, redeem1 g g t from the lot of commonplace balm08' g ril7beautiful for another reason was the Llud Please give me a penny, Sir, Bung by F Beaumont Read. As given by him, Fi'h his exceptional voice and rare gift of Lnression, it was one of tl19.se heart-touch- I songs which are seldom heard and long ILmbered. In his other song Mr. Read fZei to please the audience greatly, Sr . j,a<i to re-appear and sing several encores re its almost insatiable appetite was ap- iised. Signor Carmini Alorley also came I or a large share of applause. His full lice was heard to great advantage in the SLa Hall, and raised a feeling of regret that |nor- voices' of good quality are such a Ifjty here just now. Signor Morley had to ineat his songs, which were sung with that ifemation of good and bad taste which dis- fL-mishes this artist. A duet, Excelsior, lv Balfe, was given by Signor Morley and ir Lascelles as though it had not been re- Karsed previously. The effect was neces- grily had. It would be effective, however, ffith a little practice. Air. Lascelles sang locked in the Cradle of the Deep and Simon lie Cellarer jn his usual style, aud acted as ILaist very efficiently.- The concert. was Ifonglit to a conclusion by the full com- ILy giving a grand selection froni Lucia di lUfliarmoor. A distinguishing and agreeable Ifiture about the concerts in which Madame ggahop has lately appeared in Melbourne is go early hour at which they have con- Bided, and which is principally caused by if delay being allowed to take place be- »een the performance of the different num- lira. It would be a great boon if all con- fits of this description could be finished by ifi o'clock, and there is no substantial reason ijiy the contrary should be the case, giriie United States Troupe of Christy Bnstrels, organised by Mr. R. W. Cary, lade their appearance for the first time in ifelkourne at the Apollo Hall on Monday, ggas very evident from the crowded state H the hall long before the rising of tbe ||rtiin that negro minstrelsy is still ap- gftMtcd by the Alelbourne public ; and, in dition to the style of entertainment fercd," a sufficient inducement for a Iry crowded house were the nameB of Smpbell, Buckley, Holly, Rookefeller and ndaon. The want of accommodation was 1 at apparent, not only in the hall but also, the stage, and it is detrimental to the erests of the troupe that a larger- hall is procurable at present in : Melbourne. |c songs, comicalities, and dances were of entirely new description, and were re- i red with the moat enthusiastic applause, i J. Blondin has made arrangements on his urn from Adelaide to appear at the Opera i use for a short season, prior to his depar- e for England by the March mail. (Ye are informed that a theatre will I rtly be erected in Collingwood. A jj lpauy has been, formed, and an eligible purchased in Smith-street. The build- I will be on the same scale as the \ rey in London, and it is the intention of \ proprietors to produce a class of enter, t iment adapted to tho million, and to rely I ® costly and elaborate mountiug of the |nas produced for the success of their fdation, A wps dramatique entirely to the colony will be engaged in Lon- It is anticipated that the new theatre be completed by the beginning of Sep- er next. ie Sydney Morning Ilernld announces tbo, arauce of a new comedian at the Queen's Are. It states that on Saturday evening | Alexander Thompson, tho Scottish median, made his first appearance, at the Wen's Theatre, before a Sydney audience, |ne character of Bailie Nicol Jarvie in tbe twatic drama of Rob Roy. Notwithstaud- ffithe unfavorable state of tbe weather, a |j' krge house assembled to witness tbe igentation of the piece, which was well ||ed on the stage, and (for the most part) sj creditably performed. The V douce, y Bailie," from the " Saut Alarket" of gow, was admirably impersonated by 8 Thompson ; who although extremely |J3IDS did not once "overstep the modesty gature," for the purpose of making fools !h d the judicious grieve. He was the Se;, shrewd, sorely- tried, "Glasgow 4je ' throughout, manifesting all the dry Mective humor of the Scottish character Smuch success. |pe return of Airs. Steele (Miss Adelaide !ffrmg)tothe Victoria Theatre, Sydney, „ence nearly a year, has been, ,7 " M. Herald, the most notable ol the season. The house was filled in arts, and there was scarcely standing anywhere. TI19 circle especially was ued, Mrs. Steele, upon making her ap- auee, was received with marked en- tasrn, the occupants of the pit and stalls |g to greet her. All through the piece, t ' as weH as her rendition of the prin- iaer' 33 00 well known to need BSPti, ' Steele was loudly applauded, |«ie interest never flagged for a moment, s f ed as if pantomime, burlesque and a "eiue had satiated playgoers, and they 1 3esjbimate drama with pleasure, outustanding this, Chilperic went ex- Ions W aQd the principals received Ie rage for opera bouffe is well illustrated l ®"M)on(lont's letter from London, V'd be read with interest by those in- nUrm such matters "If you want to \- 'sdune turn brewer or write opera , ' ftM- Lecoeq received £1500 from a jg&jirm; for the right of publishing and Bpi'iing jn England tho music of Givolle- r®- For the performing right alone of SPoraheignow composing to Victorien rjfo 8 libretto (based on that authors irn « re Gervais), he is to re- ftrie ' 80 other European Ion 1 anybhing like the same pro- fccb gland, the foreign rights alone if Lecocq's works must bring i:o rt.8nVera thousand pounds. AI. $ lnlT tr68 "s. gd luck to a piece iSter of o. Paris publishers omitted L stationers' Hall the first of his 1 La irn gained anything like suo- Ino fP , Angot, wliere- JLanJI!1' than five enterprising Lon- j'|a. u f Put it upon their respective iQ1(lv ,ratber hard that he should 1 feat doiki ! enterprise, but it was 1 lent L. a(ivertisement for him, and 1 !&ht; nnf r!8 Popularity that when he I firm a 'lrfie-Girofla the principal I with h 8 a'gents to Brussels to ' feht x- cuiposer for the English 5 ita soi<' to tfSrs no-k paid £1500 and , | to the manager of the Philhar- monic .Theatre the right to act the piece I for one hundred nightB on payment of £800. I The piece has proved so popular that it | is probable the piece will be played a second hundred nights at the Bame figure. In that case' Alessrs JSnoch will have gotback more than the srim they paid before they have made a single arrangement with country theatres. — — — — 