BISHOP BROMBY'S LECTURE ON THE ENGLISH CHURCH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR,-I read the lecture of Bishop Bromby on the English Church with considerable pain, for although ," His Lordship said he disclaimed any intention of attacking the belief of other Christians," yet there are several expressions in the report of the lecture that attack the pi mci pies of Catholics, such as, the Church of Rome arrogated no authority over other churches ;" and again from this accidental pre-eminence of the Russian Bishops had really arisen those vast pretentious which had found their wonderful development in our age. He must disallow, and his disallowance rested on the clear teachings of history, upon the evidence of fathers, and upon the decrees of councils, that enormous superstructure which, partly ambition and partly expediency lind for ages been building up upon so flimsy a foundation, the enormous claim, first of universal dominion, and eventually nothing less than confining the operation of the Holy Ghost to the mind and utterance of a single man." I think it not wise in the Bishop to go out of his way to make these statements ; they are, I presume to say, an attack on the belief of other Christians, and give grave offence to every Catholic who reads them. The Bishop is reported to have said That the claim of supremacy was never allowed to Rome during the first centuries of the Church, and secondly, that there existed a church in England before the period when Rome challenged for herself such supremacy." To test the value of this statement, let us look into the earliest Church historians. I refer first of all to that well-known fact of the second century, namely, the dissension iii the Church upon the time of keeping Easter, as we find it given by Eusebius B.V., chap. xiii. and xiv. The Churches of Asia Minor, and some neighbouring Churches, followed the custom estab- ' lished by St. John the Evangelist of keeping that greatest of Christian feasts on the fourteenth day of the moon, the day on which the Jews kept the, Passover ; but in Rome and other parts Easter Day was kept on the Sunday following. There was a great desire to have uniformity on this point, so that on of part of the Church should not be feasting and the other rejoicing; many synods were held for that purpose, decreeing " That the mystery of our Lord's resurrection should be celebrated on no other day than the Lord's Day (Sunday)." The bishops of Asia would not change their custom, and, on their part Polycrates, the Bishop of Ephesus, addressed a most pathetic letter to Victor, Bishop of Rome, in defence of their custom, After hearing the determination of the Asian bishops, Victor proceeded to cut off the churches of Asia from the community; but other bishops ex- horted him on the contrary, among whom was I 'Irenums, Bishop of Lyons, who, as Eusebius says : i '"Becomingly, also, admonished Victor not to cut off whole churches of God." There can be no doubt that this was a claim of supremacy on the part of the Bishop of Rome over the churches of ' Asia in the second century, a claim denied not by Frerichs, of Lyons, or Polycrates, of Ephesus, or by any of those primitive bishops. How, therefore, can any bishop in these days say that "the ! claim of supremacy was never allowed to Rome during the first centuries of the Church ?" Socrates, the continuation of Eusebius, gives a history of the troubled life of the great Athan asms, Bishop of Alexandria. He relates that Eusebius (not the historian) caused a Synod to be held at Antioch (in 441), there were present ninety bishops, but Maximus, Bishop of Jerusalem, was not there, " neither was Julius, Bishop of ancient Rome, there, nor did he send a representative, although the ecclesiastical canon expressly commands that churches shall not make any ordinance without the sanction of the Bishop of Rome." B. II., chap. S. And in chap. 17, he continues, " when Julius, Bishop of Rome, heard of the machinations against Athanasius, and had also received a letter from the bishops in Antioch, he (the Bishop of Rome) invited Athanasius to come to him," and replied to the letter from Antioch, charging the bishops assembled there " with a violation of the canons in neglecting to request his attendance at the council, seeing that, by ecclesiastical law, no decisions of the churches are valid unless sanctioned by the Bishop of Rome ; he then censured them with great severity for clandestinely attempting to pervert the faith." About 342 A.D., Paul, Bishop of Constantinople, and other bishops, having been expelled from their churches by the Arab party, they arrived at Rome and laid their case before Julius, who sent them back into the East, restoring them to their respective Sees by virtue of his letters, and in the exercise of the Church of Rome's peculiar privilege, and, at the same time, in the liberty of that pro- relative, sharply rebuking those by whom they had been deposed. Relying on the authority of these documents, the bishops depart from, Rome, and again take possession of their own churches." B.D., chap. 13. Sozomon, contemporary with Socrates, in rotating the above event, says, " As by the dignity of his " (the Bishop of Rome's) seat, the charge of watching over the orthodox devolved upon him, he restored them to their churches." B. III., chap. 8. Surely, with facts like these well known to every reader, theatatciuoutof a bishop in a public lecture " that the claim to supremacy was never allowed to Rome during the first centuries " is not what history teaches us. Fvagriua, another ancient G Peck Church historian, horn about 550 A.D., I) li. Chap, by., furnishes some particulars concerning the Council of Chalcedon, pertinent to this subject ; " the Bishops PasuhaHinus and, Laurentius and the Presbyter- Boniface were the representatives of Leo, the niall priest of the older Rome." "The representatives of' Leo alleged that Diosourus (Bishop of Alex- andria) ought not to be seated with themselves, for such were their instructions from their bishop" (Len). Diosourus was accordingly examined, and the next meeting he refused to attend ; he was condemned, and " the representatives of Leo, Bishop of the elder Horne, made the following declaration The admissions made by Dioaourus, lately bishop of the great city Alexandria, in violation of canonical order and constitution of the Church, have been clearly proved by the investigations of the former meeting, and the proceedings of to-day ... he did on his own authority uncAnonically admit to communion his partizan Eutiches, after being canonically deprived by his own Bishop and this before he sat in Council with the other Bishops at Eusebius to them indeed the Holy See granted pardon for the transaction of which they were not the deliberate authors, and they have hitherto continued obedient to the Most Holy Archbishop Lees, and the body of his holy and universal Synod, on which he (Leo) also admitted them whereas DioscurUB has continued to maintain a haughty carriage. . . Moreover he did not even allow the epistle to be read which the blessed Pope Leo had addressed to Flavian. Notwithstanding such presumption, it was our purpose to deal mercifully with him as' we had done to the other bishops. But as he has overshot his former iniquity, and has presumed to pronounce excommunication against Leo, the most holy and religious Archbishop of great Rome, wherefore Leo the most blessed and holy Archbishop of the great and elder Rome, has by the agency of ourselves and the present Synod, in conjunction with the thrice blessed and all honoured Peters who is the rock and basis of the Catholic Church, and the foundation of the orthodox faith,' deprived him of the episcopal dignity and severed him from every priestly function." - Such was the canonical authority the Bishop of Rome bad 451 A.D., over the bishops of the east and not only over the east, but over all the Church, and notably so over the Church in Britain from the days of Pope Eleutherius in the second century, down to Gregory the Great in the sixth, and through the whole period that intervened to the sixteenth century. With your kind permission I will give more evidence against the Bishop's statements in another letter. The authorities I have used can be seen by any one in Bhon's series of Ecclesiastical Library.. I am, Sir, A CATHOLIC LAYMAN. 