At Geelong. Yesterday as not a cheerful day. Heavy olouds obscured the elry, drtzz'ing rain toll, rendeiing the Btreets sloppy, the Holds watery, and the nhades of evening fell earlier tban nsuai. is was a sou, uoju, , dispiriting day, and two hoars and twenty minutes in a rumbling train with nothing to do except to stare at the vast expanses of dreary unoacnpied country, plasby fields, and grey swamps, did not tend to make me feel jartioularly lively, I went to G;olong to lear Graham, Berry speak, and my mode of transit was the 4 o'clock m'xed train, which I regard with feelings of un- mixed disgust. She orept like a snail un- willingly to Geelong, doing 46 miles in tho aforesaid 2 hours and 20 minutes. A good horse ought to b9at her to pieces. We arrived at Geelong at dusk. At its best that groat port is net tho liveliest in the world, Its beautiful bay sleeps in the sun which glints lovingly upon the lazy billows that ripple over the bar at Point Homy ; its Inhabitants sleep in their unromantlo town. The failing of tho sluggard eeems east over ail. What mnst Gaelong be when drizzliog, penetrating Sootch mist obsenres the vision, making thu atmo sphere a grey dusky pulp, and coveting the streets, with slush. As wo entered tho town a few lights feebly glimmered, two or throe belated pedestrians moved along the streets, like ghosts In a deserted oity. And hero tho late of the country was to ba deolded, tho great polloy of tne great Berry was to be given to the light. Well, keeping this in" view, we trndged manfully through the knee deep mud, until wo got into the centre of the oity, where our appointed hoBtelry was, and there we halted and had tea, Ttie warmth and light was wsicome, indeed, out the bill was not. Tho Gselongese - do not forget to avenge themselves on Melbourne people ; they make the metropolitans pay through the nose. A very indifferent tea cost ua half a crown a piees; but I have been several times in Geelong and I am per fectly prepared for extortion, It was now time to go to Hie meeting, and therefore we made for the aoene of triumph, the Mechanics Institute, whore tho great ohsmplon of the night was to hold forth. The rata came down on the pavements with a drip, drip ; the wind sighed mournfully through the phantom trees that surround the Town Hall in Gherluhap street, which was now crowded with electors, anxious to do honor to a Chief Secretary emanating from Geelong. Wo followed the throng, and were soon seated at the comfortable tables to thoughtfully -arranged for the press by Mr Wheatland, the secretary of the Mechanics Institute, and there was an array of press jsuuiv| uuui ww £lgnuiiw xfogmuucuulu «uu rules tho 'roeat of the Argus reportorial corps, Gowk to the humble individual who pans these lines. Editors were there to take notes of the heads of tho speeoh that they might belaard it, or piok holes. The hail noon filled with an assemblage such as is only witnessed in places like Gaelong, There were not many of the finikin class there, the begloved and tho boBoented, but tho'hard grim featured sons of toil were to the fere,' resolved to support the Liberal Premier. I suppose tho hail hold 1208 people closely peeked, and certainly before the proceedings began, not even a diminutive oat could have boon stowed away in it with any comfort to the foline Individual. As many kad sodden garments, a steam began to rise, and the smell of working garments was ecoal disagreeably apparent. There was a goed deal j of impatience, too, and the audienoa model ?so of their feot to express their desire for the proceoelngs to begin. At last the gas was turned on, revealing a sea of fac:s, relieved by a deep background of bladk clothes, and almost ioetantaneouily Mr Horry and the Mayor walked on from 'the wings, amidst a Gselongese roar of applause, loud and prolonged, as if every man folt himself honored In having the Chief Secretary as a representative. There was evident also a deep feeling of attachment to Mr Berry, whiah is perhaps one of the greatest privileges and higheet rewards of a statesman, wbioh cheers bis heart, and atones for the ecurrility of an unruly unjuBt press,and tho faotionenese of an parliament. It must be pleasant to escape from the turmoil of political life, with ail its jealousies aud meannesses, and meet an audience composed of one's towncmon,frionds and admirers, ready to give an affectionate groetlng to the man In whom they trust. This must cheer the man wearied with parliamen tary sirifo, and give him fresh life. Mr Borry looked well, his tall, epare form absolutely secmiag to dilate as ho was met with thunders of applause, a pleasant smile irradiating his faco. I am told Mr Berry is to some extent vain mid I fancied I saw signs of it last night. In the moment of his triumph, however, he ought not to forget that Geelong is not the co lony. From the tenor of his speeoh I fancy ho did forgbt that occasionally, especially to wards tho end. Mr Berry is an admirable speaker. He has a good voice and an excellent delivery, and there Is a oonsecntiveness in his utterances whioh is very pleasing. 