MDLLE DE MUESKA'S CONCERTS. The farewell concert given by Mdlle. da Mut-ka oa Monday night at the Town Hall was a great success, both numerically and in a musical DO_nt of view. Tha Hall was crowded from tha iront to the beltrey step*, ana we are inrormea t iat about a hundred late comers were unable 1 1 oltain admission. This is a gratifying result, and the more eo as it was generally reported that M'iile. de Murska's visit to South Australia had n«t been a financial success. The concert was a supplementary one, and was piven as a com plimentary benefit to Mademoieelle. Precisely at 80'clock the performance of theNational Anthem by Mr. Ander?on on the pianoforte announced the arrival of His Excelienoy and suite. The concert opened with a ilute solo by Signor Giammona, which though not so well adapted for the display of his admirable execution as some of the pieces in his repertoire, was yat giveu with so much skill as to leave a regret that it aras the only piece allotted to him on the programme. Sifinor Swsini followed with Rabardi's romanza ' Stella d'Amore.' It was not a failure, though certainly not a great success. The Signor's fine voice rolled out erandly in the middle Hotw, but in the higher range it was almost painfully harsh, leaving the impression that he was su -faring from^ hoarseness or a cold. Later iu the eveniDg, however, he was heard to much greater advantage, especially in the prayer from Verdi's opera 'Nabucco,' which was much . admired. Mdlle. de Murska followed with the 'Shadow Song' from Meyerbeer's last opera 'Diuora.' Her rendering of thia singularly erratic composition was not merely faultless, but extremely artistic. The capricious passages tthich it contains, and which are repeated sotto voee cr as an echo of the singer's owu voice, were exquisitely rendered, aid, in. fact, the whole was given .in a style of art seldom heard and not always appreciated. The perception of the beautiful, tha elegant, and the pure in music implies culture on the part of the ; hearer. Without this he may hear the challenging voice of nature without gaining admission to her sanctuary. The aria was enthusiastically encored, acd in response the gifted vocalist gave Doppler's beautiful 'Hungarian 8ong,'. com posed expressly for her. The final oalando was terv sweetly and delicately rendered. It was also aiplauded to the echo. We may here explain parenthetically why Meyerbeer's aria is called the ' 8hadow Song.' '1 he opera is of the romantic class. The scene is laid in Brittany. D.nora, a village maiden, w as on tie eve of her marriage with a young farmer named Hoel, when a* destructive fire reduced him to poverty, and drove him to ?lespair. In hi's extremity the voice of supersti tion induced him to be.ieve that he might obtain mmense weaith conditionally upon hid obser vance of tho f elf -restraining discipline of an anchorite for one vea=, and on his performing certain prescribid ritet at the end of that term at midnight in the Demon Gen. He consents. In the meantime a former suitor of Dinora, whom sho bad indigcaniy rejected, persuade: her to believe that Hoel has for ever forsaken her. This 'we:ght of woe' overthrows her reason without touching her affections. She wanders about in the woods by night : — 'All alone and brokou- Learred, Through the suushine, through the gloaming, Like the ghost of one departed, She is searching, she is roaming-, With a call, ' return my lore.' ' It is during one of these fits of frenzy that she sings the ' Shadow Song.' It is the night upon which Hoel is to visit the Demon Glen. On her entrance she is still deploring inco herently the loss of her lover, when the moon, suddenly breaking forth from the clouds, throws her own shadow upon the stage, which in her fantasy she imagines to be Hoel himself. It is to this shadowy phantasm that she sing-t and dances in the elegant aria which Meyerbeer composed, and which aMdlle. de Murska inter prets so skilfully. In the second part of the concert Mdlle. de Murska sang for the first time in Adelaide the celebrated aria, 'Gli angui d'inferno,' from the 2nd act of Mozart's 'II Flauto Magico.' It is set in D minor and frequently ascends to F in alt. Assuming, as we believe to be the fact, that Mademoiselle sang it without transposition, she accomplished a feat beyond the reach of all. but a very few of even tbe world's most gifted vocalists. The melody is not, however, of a particularly florid character. It is, however, in Mozart's highest^ style, and as rendered on Monday evening its beauties wore displayed to the admiration of all who heard it. The song stress was recalled again and again. The ladies showered their bouquets at her feet by scores, and again renewed their tl -ral offeriug4 after she had responded to the encore by singing Benedict's 'Carnival of Venice,' composed expressly for her. But we hav* yet to notice another art triumph. We refer to Gounod's 'Aye Mana,' sung by Mdlle. de Murska, with violin obligate accompaniment by Mr. John Hall, Mr. Anderson presiding at the piano. Tkis in our estimation was the greatest artistic success, not only of the evening, but of the entire series of the De Murska concerts. We cannot describe the music itself nor the thrilling effect it produced. It must suffice to pronounce it as intensely beautiful in its tiuohin? serenity. The audience seemed to listen in almost breathless silence, and at its close nothing would satisfy them but a repetition. Mademoiselle's voice, so pure and sweet, fell upon tho ear like an enchantment, and the effect was much enhanced by the delicacy of the accompanying instrumentalists. Mr. Morley deserves a word of praise for his excellent vocal efforts. In the first part he sang a cavatina from ' Ernani' very creditably indeed, and his rendering of his favourite song, ' Thou art so near and yet so far,' ' brought down the house' and a tedemand. The ooncert was over a few minutes after 10 o'clock. The Serenade. At the clese of the concert a graceful com pliment was paid the renowned singer by the Germans, who made their arrangements with their usual judgment and taste. It waa decided that the Liedertafol, tho Theatre Royal Band, and their friends should combine to pay a well merited compliment to Mademoiselle de Murska at the close of her professional visit to Adelaide, which has contributed so much to the pleasure of the people. Shortly after 11 o'closk a procession was formed at Schrader's Hotel, Leigh'Street, preceded by two mounted troopers, and consisting of the Liedertafel, headed by the President, Mr. Armbruster, and the Conductor, Mr. C. Puttmann; the Theatre Royal Band, headed by Mr. J. Hall, followed by various German friends. Nearly all those who joined in the procession carried Chinese lanterns, which had a pleasing effect. The Globe Hotel was reached shortly after 11 o'clock, and Runale-stree' was found to be thronged with people. All available pointa of obssrva tion, such as balconies, housetops, ice, were crowded with spectators, and the street con tained several thousands With the usual good taste of South Australian crowds, the people behaved with the greatest decorum after the first rush was over, and the police who were in attendance had comparatively little trouble. The Globe Hotel, Hamburg Hotel, Mr. Buik's establishment, and a few other leading places of business in the vicinity were illuminated. A magnesium light was displayed at Messrs. Faulding's as soon as the pro cesnon reached tha top of Rundle-Btreet, and the lanterns borne by the pedes trians engaged made the thoroughfare almost as light as cay. The Liedertafel commenced by siDging 'Stilie, Stffle .!' (quiet! quiet!). The Band then played the well-known 'Tann- hauser' Marco, and the Liedertafel followed with 'Ich griisso Dich' (I greet thee). The Band then played selections from 'Lucia de Lammermoor.' Mademoiselle do Murska, who with her friends had been at the eastern window of the Globe Hotel during the whole of the proceedings, thanked the serenaders in the German language for the compliment they had oaid her, and said it was the most pleasant even ing she had pasced in South Australia, and one which she would long remember. She then threw a great number of bouquets amongst the crowd, which eagerly scrambled for thorn. She then sang 'The Last Ro3e of 3ummer,' which elicited hearty and con tinued cheers. Tha President (Mr. Arm bruster), the Conductor (Sir. C. PiiUmann), and Mr. John Hall waited upon Mademoiselle de Murska in her apartments at the close of the serenade, and Mr. Armbruster, in the nam» of the liedertafel, the Theatre Royal Band, and their collective friends, addressed the lady, and said to bim had been deputed the honour of thankiBg sush a highly gifted and accomplished lady for having gratified them by affording an opportunity of hearing the greatest talent that had as yet virited 8outh Australia's shore*. As they had never before received so talented a singer the Liedertafel and the Band had felt themEelvea in duty bound to show their appre ciation by a demonstration. He hoped that wherever her footsteps might tend she would always meet with the same amount of enthusiasm as she Lad evoked here and in the other Aus tralian Colonies— a tribute due to her ganius. A toast in the iady's honour was then drunk, and she having responded in suitable terms the serenaders retired. Mademoiselle de Murska will be long remem bered by the musical public of Adelaide as one of the mort gifted and accomplished artists that have ever paid a professional visit to the colony. , 