PARIS. from our own correspondent. May 15. The dissolution is approached by short and easy stages. Byron liked to be par ticular in dates, but the Assembly docs not : it had not the courage to go further than pronouncing a " moral date" for its proposed hicjacet. So far so good ; it is best not to look a gift horse in the mouth, and acceptance of the principle of im mediate dissolution, as interpreted bj' decreeing the cessation of the partial elections, is a great advance upon the period when tho legislators, in all the pride, pomp and circumstance of the anti- Thiers coalition, threatened to hold on for ever ; or later, when they proposed departing this life only with Marshal AI'AIahon. There is apparently no desire to obstruct the general elections in the autumn. All feel that when the event has to come off", it were well that it were done quickly. So say we all of us. Real, necessary business only will be executed, and that at express speed. No Chamber can surpass the French in massacring innocents, or closing an unnecessary dis cussion. Happily long speeches arc not in favour at Versailles ; this is a great redeeming virtue. The Ministry is appar ently resolved to maintain a masterly inactivity. Such an attitude cuts both ways ; its position is very delicate, and the situation must be managed with great cir cumspection. Thiers says of M. Buffet, the chief of the Cabinet, that he is going on excellently, only he ought to put a little more oil in his salad. As the French themselves correctly divined, the rumours of their being at tacked by Germany, without giving any provocation, save their rapid restoration to political and material good health, was all a bottle of smoke — straws thrown up to see how the wind was blowing. Nought can make France rue, if she to herself do prove but true, and the French compre hend perfectly their duties at the present moment, both at home and abroad. The disarray and the gyrations of the Im perialists form the only distractions in home politics. They are allowed full liberty, if not license, to mourn the hopes that tease them. By the election of M. John Lemoine to the French Academy, journalism has re ceived a great honour from the "Im mortals," as all Lemoine's literary baggage consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles — more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts. He belongs to the best, and perhaps with two more exceptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in France — the rest are but leather and prunella. His articles in the Debats, ever dazzling, make the tour of the world. Then they are always short leaders, generally about half a column inlength, and totally in opposition to the linked sweetness, long drawn out, of the like contributions in the Press of other countries. M. Lemoine is about sixty years of age, middle height, and slender. He is probably the least person ally known of all the publicists of France to Parisians, because be shuns display, and his birth and loDg residence in England has impressed upon him some of the severity of English manners. He speaks English fluently, and is tho " occasional correspondent," as was his predecessor Prevost Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. He is said to think like an Englishman, but to write like a Frenchman. Daring the fusion epoch" he was a fervent Royalist one day, and a warm Republican the next. All this never injures in France ; it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. AI. Lemoine is a very high employe m tho Rothschild establishment, presiding over the depart ment of Spanish finances, which at no timo ought to be a sineenre. Lemoine is not so original a writer as De Girardin. The latter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's duration. Talleyrand counselled to tell a lie if it would only serve your purpose for twenty four hours. Entile de Girardin i3 said to be the illegitimate son of Louis Phillippe ; nt all events, from being a waif and stray of society in his iu fancy, he has b.eome a millionaire. He illustrates the French aphorism : everything leads to literature — provided you leave it. He is still connected with the Press, rather com-, mercially than otherwise. He devotes most of his attention to the famous le Petit Journal, selling for a sous, and it is bis hobby to try and bring its circul .lion up to what it attained under its original owners, Alillaud and the well-known Ti- motliee Trimm. H e sold La Liberie, once a fine property, but now only a shadow, owing to its Imperialistic politics, to his nephew, and converted the latter to the plebiscite, doctrine of "appeal to the people," and so far he is in harmony with France. The nephew's hair stands on end at this chopping round, and lie lias just re plied by printing side by side Girardin's north and south poll opinions. Cui bono here F M. Jules Simon lias net been so fortu nate at the Academy, as the applicant for the fauteuil, left vacant by the death of Guizot. He was, however as good as his rival, Dumas, as neither having obtained the required number of votes, the election lias been postponed for six months. This contest was the most exciting, as it was a trial of strength between political and religious -parties. Dumas is a celebrated chemist, and is in addition a Bonapartist and Ultramontanist. Jules Simon is neither one nor the other, but a dis tinguished publicist, and the follower of Thiers. The odds are in his favour, and Lemoine will vote for him. The weakness still exists for worshipping graven political images. As if the lumber- rooms of the mayoralties were not already encumbered with the old busts of ancient sovereigns and former republics the municipality of of Paris is to have its bust of Our Lady of the Republic. Per haps this is intended as a slight set oil' to the dispatch of engravings of Marshal .vlac-AIahon to be suspended in the coun cil chambers throughout the land.. The M arslial is best honoured by allowing him to keep the even tenor of his way. The Paris municipality are down-right realints. They regard the tomb of Abclard nd Heloise in Pere L'aehaise cemetery as a myth, and question an outlay to restore the monument. At the rate the world is progressing, not a legend will be left- standing. Even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to demolishing the character of Napoleon I., as set up by Thiers; Napoleon III. is beneath de molition. In fact nothing is, but what is not. Russia being now the arbiter of Europe — what a change within twenty years — all that concerns the Czar is interesting. Even before and since his romantic mar riage, he is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess ; he lilted to live lor a while absorbed in himself, to wander in cloud- land, and to feel emancipated from the splendours which surround him. Northern nations are liable to these fits of silence and seclusion, and a weakness for dream land is considered as an indication of a love of peace. Men of iron and blood never dream ; history makes no mention that Bismarck devotes himself to such a luxury. But Alexander 11. is not less a practical man, lie never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the single pleasure of parading. He first of all aims at the in terest of his empire, in the future as in the present, and all that does not lead up to this, leaves him cold and indifferent. Be assured where Russia can benefit she wijl not hesitate to interfere, with the sword if necessary ; outside this, Russia will only a (lord a benevolent mediation, hut never an effective assistance. The moral, hence, is, flint Prussia, having no material guar antee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Sea Treaty to tear up, and the march India-wards not being pressing, Russia will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q. E. D. People, though not Catholics, can admire the Pope as a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopt ing his politics. It is thus that the cele bration of the anniversary of his birthday was so respectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the Frcucli will never go to war on behalf of his Temporal Power. The Queen of Spain, who lost her crown for him, ran up a brand new Spanish flag on the day in question, and no one ever objected to her display of fidelity. The tobacco question unites all smokers, be their political or religious principles what they may. The manufacturer of tobacco in France is the Government monopoly, and a very remunerative one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, soutadar, or biavauas all are abused like bad weather. To read the charter of complaints, the Government tobacco would be nothing more than a compound of the seven capital sins ; some, encouraged by the rumour that fragments of telegraph posts and railway sleepers have been found in it, do not dispair of yet lighting upon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the French weed as may bo, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighbouring countries — "Stand aside," I am holier than thou." The origin of the monopoly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the bluze of diamonds on a lady present at the Court ball, was informed she was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later an Imperial decree was issued, declaring the manufacture of tobacco to be a Government monopoly. It .is a tax never grumbled at, and rewards this tenderness of appreciation by becoming more produc tive the more it is weighted with imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a pin ; now, it requires three years and four months to make a pinch of snuff, owing to the storages the raw and manu factured material has to undergo — like wine and brandy, it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countries and districts, in stated proportions; the democratic cigar, at «ne sou, is the product of no less than ten different varieties of homo and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the increase in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportionate to the aug mentation of the cases of insanity, hence the war against nicotine. It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness, is that containing the least per cent age of nicotine ; for example, the Lon- dres cigar has but one per cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed as eels to be skinned. The case of a smoker being killed by nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combustion. It requires no ghost to prove the rapid revival of trade and commerce in Paris ; there is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of the season, as well as ware- rooms devoted to new furniture — the latter of very beautiful and rare designs ; in industrial art, the French are becoming more and more incomparable. This remark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced — like razors to sell to purchasers who base their offers on the average price of room paper. A lady once, observed to me, " A sure sign of prosperity of a people, is not alone in the number of its milliners' shops, but in the variety of the shapes, &c.;, exposed judged by this standard, Paris must be the most thriving place in the world. A less sesthetical index is that daily before my eyes ; the number of barges and tug boats that ascend and descend the river, laden with cargo, is double now what it was last year. The lilac has neurly gene a thing of beauty is not in every case a joy for ever; to this succeeds those pretty flowers, of young girls dressed in white, engaged in the duties of confirmation ; they are more numerous this year also; people, perhaps, are becoming moredevout, i if so, "so much ihe better— or the population ! is ineri-.-i-im;, which al-o merits f.-Hcit Not only the tares, hut the conoer'.s in tin- Champs Elysees are capital places for measuring the well-being of Paris, Both, as the omnibus 'signal, are au complet. Thcconcert in question is still traditionally correct ; no black sheep are ever allowed to enter there ; it is not that ladies arc called upon to show their marriage certifi cates before .being admitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whose judgment never fails iii drawing the line between Yirtue and Vice, and who has served his apprenticeship at the Jardin Alabille — the best of diplomas. . The annual ffite of Jeanne d'Arc has been celebrated with all honours atOrleans, and the selected preacher demanded from his hearers to have only the simple faith of the Alaid for her country and for her God. Something ought to be done to make the Bishop of the diocese move more quickly in completing the preliminaries for her canonization. Mgr. Dupanloup promises to be as tedious as the famous Constitu: tional Committee of Thirty; he ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. A warning to lovers who meet alone but not by moonlight. A yonng man had an assignation with his intended on the banks of the canal at St Den s, and while discussing, in walking, the fixing of the day for their marrage, the poor girl stum bled into the water, and was drowned before assistance arrived. Paris has an immigration from Belgium every February, lasting till May, of about S500 workmen ; their labour is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together into hats. .A. good worker can gain eight francs per day. A new locomotive is patented it; mar ches, not upon wheels, hut on rollers resembling the legs of a fat man. A bachelor, and rich, advertises that he is weary of dining alone, nnd that he will gratuitously share his daily bread with a gentleman producing the evidence of being cultivated, and enjoying an income of 50,000 francs a year. 