The Reviewer. Tennyson's "Queen Mary."* IS Saul also among the prophets? Has Tennyson enrolled himself upon the list of dramtists who constitute the glory of our national literature? And has he succeeded in establishing his claims to a patent of nobility, and to a seat in the intellectual House of Peers, of which Shake speare is the Lord High President ? These are the questions which were very generally asked when it was first announced that the Poet Laureate was preparing a dramatic poem, or a poetical drama. Most persons expected that "Queen Mary" would prove to be tiie former. For Mr. Tennyson's chief strength has hitherto lain in picturesque narrative, and in the lyrical expres sion of delicate emotion. His writings are cha racterised by sweetness rather than strength. His art is more akin to that of the painter than to that of the sculptor. The one shows us the com pleted human figure, whether in action or repose ; we can walk all round it, and study it on every Bide; while the other exhibits the surface of things, the play of color on them, and the acci dents of light and shade. Mr. Tennyson has constructed for ua in his " Idylls of the King," his "Enoch Arden," and his "Holy Grail," a picture gallery as full of beautiful compositions as the " Faery Queene" of Spenser. The charm of the drawing and the splendor of the color have delighted all lovers of the picturesque in poetry; and Borne of the landscapes in "In Memoriam," enveloped in the soft haze of an English atmosphere, are simply exquisite. In " The Princess" there were some hints of dra matic power, for the dialogues and the situations gave evidence of this ; but nobody expected to find tbe author of these poems making a sudden and successful diversion into a field in which he would have to measure his strength against Buch a formidable host of illustrious predecessors. This, however, is what he has done. It would be wrong to speak of " Queen Mary" as a great work. We regard it rather as an essay, or trial at arms, much as we regard the earlier plays of Shakes peare, with this important difference—that the Poet Laureate has not applied himself to this form of composition until his powers were fully matured. The' transition from " Locksley Hall" and the "Vision of Sin" to "Queen Mary" has not been so rapid and abrupt as was the tran sition from the " Rape of Lucrece" and " Venus and Adonis" to " Pericles" and the " Comedy of Errors." And these two plays are full of cru dities, which are not discoverable in Mr. Tenny son's historical drama. So, too, while they dis closed the promise of still better things to come, there is also in " Queen Mary" the assurance of the possession, on tiie part of the poet, of powers as yet but partially developed. For Mr. Tenny son's mind is one of those which, like Cervantes, ripens late; and the last fruit of the vine may prove to be the richest it has borne. The crowned and wedded life of "Bloody Mary" is the subject of the drama, which opens with her procession through the city, and closes with her miserable death. The dallying of the Princess Elizabeth with the Earl of Devon, the preaching of Father. Bourne at Paul's Cross, the insurrection of the men of Kent under Wyatt, the wilfulness of the Queen in the matter of her marriage with the odious Spaniard, the impri sonment of Elizabeth at Woodstock, the condem nation of Cranmer, and his martyrdom, the grow ing indifference of Philip to his wife, her anguish at continuing childless, her fanaticism, and her wretched end, combine to fill the play with inci dent and passion. It contains enough " bustle" to satisfy the most impatient of audiences; and its variety, as well as its vivacity, ought to make it popular as an acted drama. The language is simple and natural to a fault, and monosyllabic to the very verge of baldness. Anything like redundancy of words is carefully avoided, and so is a superfluity of ornament The tumid phrase ology of some of the Elizabethan dramatists, so frequently imitated by modern playwrights, has been scrupulously eschewed by Mr. Tennyson ; and his preference for homely Saxon English is as conspicuously exhibited in " Queen Mary" as it was in that noblest 1 of elegiao poems, "In Memoriam," where eighty-nine per cent of the worda are Anglo-Saxon vocables. And while upon this subject we would call special attention to the preponderance of monosyllables in this drama, as a proof of the poet's diligent study both of his master Shakespeare's writings, and of the Holy Scriptures. In these and in those, wherever powerful emotion haa to be expressed, words of one syllable only are chiefly employed. Take the death of King Lear, for example. When the aged monarch gradually admits into his mind the awful conviction that his beloved daughter, the only anchor of his hope, the stay, support, and solace of his weary life, ia irretrievably lost to him, a wail of terrible anguish rises to Heaven from hia grieving lips; and, uttering these piteous accents, the heart-broken old man bows bis head and dies :— No, no, no life I Why should a dog, a horse, a rat, have life, And thou no breath at all ? Thoult oome no more. Nerer, never, never, never, ne-w I Pray you undo this button. Thank you, sir ; Do you see this f Look on her,—look,—bar lips,— Look there, look there I And the film of death gathers over his dim eyes, as he points with infinite tenderness and yearning love to the stark body of his child. The impres sive simplicity of this passage exhausts admira tion ; and it will be observed that, of the forty-seven words which it contains—excluding repetitions— no less than forty-four are monosyllables. Now let us turn to the touching narrative of Joseph's interview with his brethren, as recorded in the Book of Genesis, and note how admirably the redundancy of monosyllables conduces to the solemn pathos of the story :—" And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to the earth. And he asked them of their welfare, and said, is your father well ? The old man of whom ye spake, is he yet alive ? And they answered, thy servant, our father, is in good health. He is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads and made obeisance. And he lifted up his eyes, and aaw hia brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, is this * Queen Mary : a Drama. By Alfred Tennyson. Lon don: H. 8. King and Co. 1875. your younger brother of whom ye spake unto me ? And he said, God be gracious unto thee my son. And Joseph made haste, for his bowels did yearn upon his brother; and he sought where to weep, and he entered into his chamber, and wept there." Now, of the 188 words of which this passage is composed, 107, or upwards of three-fourths, are words of one syllable; and we dwell upon this fact with all the greater emphasis, because the tendency of much of our current literature is towards polysyllabic utter* ance and inflated and artificial phraseology. Against this treason to our noble mother tongue, Mr. Tennyson silently protests by the verbal structure of " Queen Mary." Opening the book at random, we find eighty-three words of dia logue on one page, the 110th, and seventy-two of them monosyllables; and the same simplicity of diction distinguishes the play throughout In character-painting, the Poet Laureate effects his object by a few vivid touches ; and Gardiner, Philip, Mary, Cranmer, and the Cardinal pass before us as* they lived. The Protestant and patriotic sentiment is strong and active in Mr. Tennyson's mind His sympathies are with Elizabeth and England, as against the persecut ing Queen and her Spanish husband ; and there are passages in the drama whioh are animated by the same spirit as the well-known speech of King John to the Cardinal Pandulph:— Thou canst not, Cardinal, devise a name Bo slight, unworthy, and ridiculous, To charge me to an answer as the Pope. Tell him this tale; and from the mouth of England Aid tost much more,—that no Italian priest Shall tithe or toll in our dominions. If Mary is the central figure of the drama, Cranmer is by far the noblest, in spite of his weaknesses; and the courage with which he met death is admirably described by Mr. Tenny son :— Ho passed out smiling, and he walked upright; His eye was like a soldier's, whom the General He looks to and he leans on as his God, Has rated for some backwardness, and bidden him Charge one against a thousand, and the man Hurls his soiled life against the pikes and dies. The narrative of hia martyrdom, as told to Lord Howard by an honest Catholic who would not miareport or lie, no, " not to gain Paradise," likewise deserves quotation. It ia aa follows :— Yon saw him how he past among the crowd, And ever as he walk'd the Spanish friars Still plied him with entreaty and reproach : But Cranmer, as the helmsman at the helm Steers, erer looking tothe happy haven Where he shall rest at nlgbt, moved to his death ; And I oould see that many silent hands Came from the crowd and met his own ; and thus When we hod oome where Ridley burnt with Latimer, He, with a cheerful smile, as one whose mind I* all made up, in haste put off tbe rags They had mock'd his misery with ; and all in white, His long white beard, which he had never sharen Sinoe Henry's death, down-sweeping to the chain, Wherewith they bound him to the stake, he stood, More like an ancient father of the Church, Thau heretic of these times; and still the friars Plied him, but Cranmer only shook his bead, Or answer'd them in smiling negatives ; Whereat Lord Williams gave a sudden ory :— " Make short I make short I" and so they lit the wood. Then Cranmer lifted his left hand to heaven, And thrust his right into the bitter flame ; And crying, in hu deep voice, more than onoe, "This hath offended—this unworthy hand I" So held it till all was bura'd, before The flame had reach'd his body; I stood near— Mark'd him—he never uttered moan of pain ; He never stirr'd or writhed, but, like a status, Unmoving in the greatness of the flame, Gave up the ghost; and so past martyr-like— Martyr I may not call him—past— but whither? In many places we discern the closely of the study which the dramatist of the Victorian epoch has bestowed upon his great predecessors of the Elizabethan era, whose modes of thought and expression he seems to have imbibed and made bis own. Witness the following reflection which he puts in the mouth of the Princess Elizabeth, after she has written a distich on the window pane with a diamond ring :— How many names in the long sweep of time That so foreshorten'* greatness, may but bang On the chance mention of some fool that onoe Brake bread with us, perhaps; and my poor ohronicle Is but of glass, Sir Henry Bedingfleld May split it for a spite. And again:— My lord, tbe world is like a drunken man, Who cannot move straight to bis end—but reels Now to the right, then as far to the left. Push'd by the crowd beside—and underfoot An earthquake. And yet again :— O.Paget, Paget I I have seen heretics of the poorer sort Expectant of the rack from day to day, To whom the Are were welcome, lying chain'd In breathless dungeons over steaming sewers, Fed with rank bread that crawl'd upon the tongue, And putrid water, every drop a worm, Until they died of rotted limbs; and then Cast on the dunghill naked, and become Hideously alive again from head to heel, Made even the carrion-nosing mongrel vomit With hate and horror. The powers of imagination and description displayed in the foregoing, are akin to those of Marlewe, and not far below the like qualities exhibited in Brackenbury's dream. Aa to Mary, she is presented to us under a double aspect; first, as a woman with some touch of true Queenly feeling in her nature, as when she harangues the citizens of London, exhorting them to arm them selves against Sir Thomas Wyatt and his fol lowers, who are encamped in Southwark. She then exclaims:— Now, as your Prince, I say, I, that was never mother, cannot tell ■How mothers love their children, yet methinks A Prinoe as naturally may love his people As those their children; and be sure your Queen So loves you, and so loving, needs must deem This love by you returned as heartily ; And thro' this common knot and bond of love Doubt not they will be speedily overthrown. Afterwards we find this childless woman, who, for Boleyn's issue hod " filed her end," kindling with the hope that the crown will not be "wrenched from her with an unlineal head," and that she will yet hear the sweet name of "mother" lisped by an infant's voice. Stir'd by this hope, she cries with a curious mixture of fervor and fanaticism :— He hath awaked I he hath awaked I He stirs within the darkness I Oh, Philip, husband I now thy love to mine Will cling more close, and those bleak manners thaw, That make me shamed and tongue-tied in my lore. The second Prince of Peace— The great unborn defender of the Faith, Who will avenge me of mine enemies— He comes, and my star rises. The stormy Wyatta and Northumberland*, The proud ambitions of Elizabeth, All her fieriest partisans—are pale Before my star ! The light of this new learning wanes and dies: The ghosts of Luther and Zulnglius fade Into the deathless hell which is their doom Before my star ! His sceptre shall go forth from Ind to Ind ! His sword shall hew the heretic peoples down ! His faith shall clothe the world, that will be his, Like universal sunshine ? Open, Ye everlasting gates! The King is here !— My star, my son ! But the hope proved to be illusory, and then, neglected by her husband, enfeebled by disease, preyed upon by superstition, and incapable of remorse, her morbid mind reveals both its malig nity and disorder in this striking death-bed soliloquy :— 0 God I I have been too slack, too slack; There are Hot Gospellers even among our guards- Nobles we dared not touch. We have but burnt The heretic priest, workmen, and women and ohildren. Wet, famine, ague, fever, storm, wreck, wrath.— We have so play'd the coward ; but by God's araoe. We'll follow Philip's leading, and set up The Holy Office here—garner the wheat, And burn the tares with unquenchable fire Burn ! Fie, what a savor, tell the cocks to close The doors of all the offices below. Latimer! Bir, we are private with our women here— Ever a rough, blunt, and unoourtJy fellow— Thou light a torch that never will go out I Tie out—mine flames. Women, the Holy Father Has ta'en the legateship from our cousin Pole— Waa that well done * and poor Pole pines of it, As I do, to the death. lam but a woman, 1 have no power. Ah, weak and meek old """, Seven-fold diahonor'd even in the sight Of thine own sectaries—No, no. No pardon I Why that was false: there is the right band still Beckons me hence. Sir, you were burnt for heresy, not for treason, Remember that ! 'twas I and Bonner did it, And Pole; we are three to one—Have you found mercy there, - Grant it me here: and see he smiles and goes. Gentle as in life. It is in the fifth Act that the dramatist really asserts himself. The preceding ones are com* paratively calm and unexciting, as regards the language ; resembling in that respect The torrent's smoothness era it dash below ; but the last moves along with a splendid swing of force and freedom, as if, like an Irish car* driver, Mr. Tennyson hod carefully reserved " a gallop for the avenue." A practised playwright could scarcely have worked up his climax more skilfully than the author of " Queen Mary " has done ; and when it is put upon the stage, it may be safely predicted that this part of the drama will " bring down the house." Now that the Poet Laureate has opened his wings and proved their power, we hope he will give u« another historical drama, the time of which shall be laid in the reign of Elizabeth. We accept the present as a sequel to the " King Henry the Eighth" of Shakespeare ; just as we regard Mrs. Barrett Browning's " Drama of Exile" as a continuation of "Paradise Lost." In view of impending events in Europe, it may be doing England a national service to remind our countrymen at home of the stirring deeds and the stirring times of old, when the Spanish Armada threatened the political liberties and the religious freedom of our forefathers, and when the heroic man-woman who occupied the throne, mounted her horse and placed herself at the head of the defenders of the nation. Lord Carnarvon, in replying to a deputation which waited upon him on the 29th June with •reference to the position of the Church in the West Indian and other colonies, took occasion to refer to some remarks whioh had recently been made with regard to the appointment of Roman Catholic governors. .He said—" l am aware, from the public prints, that some notice was taken of those appointments, and that possibly some misapprehension exists on the subject I am, therefore, not sorry to be able to set that misapprehension at rest, and to explain to the deputation and others what the state of the case is, and what really are the principles upon which I am prepared to act in any similar instance. I will remind the deputation, in the first instance, that, as far as I am aware, since I have been in office only two Roman Catholics have received appointments as Gover nors—Mr. Weld, who was Governor of Tas mania, and Mr. Pope Hennessy, who was at the Bahamas; and in both cases it is more correct to say that they have been, as many other Governors are, transferred from one Governor* ship to another. But I would add that the colonial service is a Government service much like that of any other branch of the civil ad ministration of the country ; like diplomacy, it contains men of all religions, who are Her Majesty's subjects, and I know the deputation will go a long way with me when I say that, under such conditions, and within the pale of the service, each one is entitled to his fair and full chance without fear or favor. (Hear, hear.) I quite admit that there may be Roman Catholics as Governors who may be mora or lets fit for administering particular colonies, just as there are also colonies where, from religious differences or special local reasons, it may become inexpedient to appoint a Roman Catholic Governor. That, of course, is a matter for the discretion of the Minister, and one on which he must exercise his judgment as he best can; but the supreme rule I hold to be this, that all Her Majesty's subjects have a fair title to be employed, and the next principle which should guide the Administration should be tbe special aptitude and qualification of the man for the post, whatever that post may be."—Mel bourne Argus. Acoordiko to the Cooktown Herald, a singular new disease has made its appearance at the Daintree River, in reference to which that journal says :—At the river there are now load* ing three vessels, one of which, the John S. Lane, has nearly completed, but as her crew are suffering from sickness of an extraordinary and virulent type, her loading has been delayed. The chief officer is the worst sufferer ; his limbs are swollen, and spotted with black patches. When he left here he was robust and apparently equal to the climate, but some subtle poison in the water or air, not yet thoroughly understood, is supposed to have caused the attack. Can it be the "berri-berri," of New Guinea origin ? We trust that this paradise of beauty in scenery may not prove a pandemonium with regard to health, and shall in a future issue wait upon our readers with a full account of the progress made by our enterprising fellow colonists in develop ing its reeources. 