CHAPTER XIL TOM RJDQWAY. The note ran briefly thus " Please write to the old address to tell me Categorically once and for all what earn of aaoney you want I cannot waste any farther time in correspondence or interviews with yon." There was nothing more. The words old address were underlined in the original, and there was no signature. The envelope bore the Cbaring-croeB postmark, with the date of two days previous to the attempted murder. Granted now that it was Tom Sylvester who had written the note, there was every Mason to suppose (hat ne was also Leo Meredith's, ctMas Dick Forest's, aggressor, and Barker easily constructed the scene* of the drama that most have been enacted between the whilom aooomplioes. Meredith had been in possession of documents damag ing to Tom 8ylve6ter, and on being sum moned to give them np had declined to do so save for . large stun oi money. Tom Syl vester having by accident or design met Meredith in the ctieets, had accompanied Jiim to his chambers, and there, probably in . fit of passion «t the banister's attempted extortion, had made .& endeavour to kill Mm, and had then laid hands on the docu> ments, whereof Meredith must have un guardedly revealed the whereabouts. . A fierce and desperate combat was waged in the detective's mind. Should he go on with that miserable affair, or let it drop ? Since Martha's husband was not dead it was clear that he had basely deserted her at the time of her trouble, and this being so he pngt l>e the basest of rascals, and no d end would be served by bringing him ihiswite together again. As to punishing j sssault oa the barrister, that was not,a consummation demanded by strict justice, for £lim*ry J)ick had probably got no ina» than he ncbly deserved. The two i mm -kwstfter&let.; them settle their i W9might, outletMartha,for minds salce, be eneonragedln E thstfcer husband was dead, and If o, »any again let-w No. r jusitatedatthat. Hehad a irjawJawaofjattet^ndavwisr. lurflwm, which made him 39ugbt of naming a woman know that her husband was 1 aslne Has Jto feltfchathe so# again if-he did such a J .yerfc>£esign«ll hopes of ; «as beyond his strength. ? settle dtho pangi ©f his &tha;*j«-would think r, undmeawrluie would . and «7 ito mn the He ttel Ijpri old clotbesman a visit; and Bounding him upon general details regarding Slippery Dick. The afternoon was far spent when he entered the old-clothes shop, and as the house fronted east, and had the rays of the setting eon behind it, the interior of the shop, with its dingy hangings of sordid gar ments, was darker, mustier, and wretcheder: than ever. Grama; was behind his counter,1 soaking long Blices of bread and batter into a bowl of hot tea; but he looked dejected, as if' this light refreshment - despite the tea's being dashed with mm-failed to revive his i flagging spirits. Harker, who could read the' physiognomies of loose characters as plainly as ,wall posters, saw that something was up with him. " WeU, Grammy; so you've had news of; Tom Ridgway and Slippery Dick," he said, with bluff abruptness. "Tell us all about it, old man; it's no use hiding secrets from those who know em." ' ''G°tt of Moflhes! I have heard nothing, Mishter Harker, I swear to you," answered Grammy, turning yellow as he removed his greasy hat from His pate. " Don't shally with me, old man. I tell you it s no use," exclaimed Harker, laying a hand on the clothesman's shoulder, and "halting him not too softly. "Slippery Dick sent a letter here on the 4th or 5th, and it was called for by Tom Ridgway, or someone con nected with him." . . . "S'help me Gott, Mishter Harker," pro tested Grammy querulously ; but the detec tive checked him by another gentle shake. "Do you want to sleep in Bow-street, Grammy?" " What for, Mishter Harker. what for I Pm an honest man. . . . Ton can't arrest you. If you speak, no mischief shall come of whatever you may say, and 111 stand your friend." These golden arguments had a more power ful effect on Grammy than threats. He shambled across the shop and peered into Hockley-row; he shambled back and threw a weazley glance into his back parlour; then drew close to Harker and whispered "S'help me Gott, Mishter Harker, if I tell you the truth, it's all for the sake'of that poor bit of a creature, Martha Ridgway, who went to lodge in your house by accident, as Maclsaacs told me." " She is lodging there still," answered the detective, and saving this he turned his head away, for he felt he was blushing. "Lodging there, still, is Bhe7' exclaimed Grammy, with astonishment "Then you haven't tamed her out because she had been in quod? You a policeman, too! Well, you're an honest chap, Ned Harker, and don't care who hears me say it!" "Gome to the point," said Harker, whom this compliment much embarrassed. "All you tell shall be for Mrs. Sylvester's, or Ridg way's, interest, I give you my word." "Well, then, I'll tell you," said Grammy, in a sepulchral tone: " I've seen Tom Ridg way, and you could nave knocked me down with a feather when I came in, for I thought it was his ghost" "He called for a letter sent by Slippery Diet" "Aye, and that ere letter had given me a rare start when I got it in (he morning, for I didn't want to have anything more to do with those twOj who had nearly got me sent into penal servitude already. Howsomever, I kept the letter, and Tom Ridgway came in for it grand as adook, with a fine coat on his back, gloves to his hands, and the «n*nw«^ of a topsawyer. 'Good day,' says he, quite oool and ready; if you've a letter for me just give it, please, and here's for trouble,' saying which he tips me a flimsy Bank of WngUm^ five, and no mistake about it." "And did he inquire about his wife?" asked Harker, with an effort, and looking singularly apprehensive as he waited for the answer. "He didn't inquire about her," replied Grammy, "and I was so toppled over like that I didn't think of breathing her name to him. Only just as be was going oat he nods to me* and says, 'You remember my poor Patty, Reuben; it was a bad day when I brought her here--' The next minute he was a cursing and swearing over what he read in-the note; which he tore op and dashed into the sheet; after which he bolted." "And did you pick op the note?" 'In coarse I did," said Grammy, with « leery wink. "And what was in it Y' "Only just these three words, s'help me Gott 'Twenty thousand pounds,' that's what was written in the note/* There was a moment's sOenoe. The dirty children continued to bmwl and the mitngf dogs to bark in the Row, and Harker staied out vaguely at the doorway, as if hw»fc«ri«jr to put the next question. Ho coughed* So you did not find time to tell Item Ridgway that his wife was alive f "lib, and I am rare he believes her dead,r answered Grammv. " What makes yon think that ?" "Why. Ill just tell you-he's going to be married again "How do you know?' and Barker's hoataenjMM as he Baid this almost made him " Humph 1" mattered Grammy. "Bisneas is bisness, Mr. Harker. When I saw Tom Ridgway go oat so proud and rich like, I thought it might be useful to see where he lived, in oase l should ever want a little help in the money way. So I want oat and fol lowed him. Gott of Moshea. he jamped into a roaghra with a MIX of hones, which he had left half a mile off. -and the hansom cab I took had a plaguey difficulty in racing after him. But we managed ft and I saw Tom get <rat;at a«£endidlioase. I know, too, who he is, and you'd never guess if I gave ftra a year to think over ft" .. Tell me qoi^/'gaspedSArker. « Don't fooleries, man." .. WelV Tom Ridgw*r is » baronet-Sfr riedoneMthesedaystoiidtf&dresa.; ThaFs newsntfw. aiat itr . 