ELEVATING THE WORKING CLASSES. Lord Rosebery, the President of the Social Science Congress, inaugurated its session at Glasgow, by an address devoted almost exclusively to the means of elevating the working classes. In the course of his speech he said To my mind, a body like ours has no more direct or important duties than the attempt to raise the condition of the nation by means which Parliament is either unable or disdains to apply. Here we have an illimitable field of operations. Parliament can give a workman a vote, but it cannot give him a comfortable home. Nor can it sift and exhibit the many contrivances which may be placed before him of bettering himself, of increasing his capacities, and enlarging his enjoyments. All this lies within our province, and it is work incalculably more important than the great mass of our Parliamentary legislation. I will, therefore, if you please, attempt to-night, to take stock, in same degree, of the various means by which it is sought to raise the condition of the working classes ; a group of subjects, some of which appear under different divisions in your programme, but which are intimately, I had almost said solemnly, connected together and I would do so rather as a sign of humble interest in them than with the slightest pretension of having anything original to advance. 1 must honestly avow my conviction, though to those who see how many there are who profess to represent and understand the working classes it may seem rash, while to others it will seem a truism that this vast labouring population of ours has not made itself, its wants, its creeds, and its interests sufficiently intelligible to many of us. i In times such as these, of high wage of general peace, of immunity from furious political discord, the well being of the labouring classes often appears secured, and does not always s attract the attention of statesmen. But should there come a European war such as we weathered successfully at the beginning of the century, we might possibly find our teeming population, confined with so small an ark, a perilous and disheartening agency. Moreover, while our numbers increase in a greater proportion daily, it would seem that for a few years our principal outlet for emigra- tion may be partially blocked up. It appears more than probable that for some time, owing to late con mercial disasters, and it may be because corn-growing in the west has been somewhat overdone, the United States will not find employment for that quarter million of emigrants, more or less, that we are accustomed to send to her. This is the most important problem that can occupy statesmen, and at the same time the most difficult for a statesman to face. There is much to be done. Our civilisation is hardly removed from barbarism. The papers are devoting columns daily to brutal outrages. Every policeman in London is assaulted on an average about once in two years. Within the memory of living men the workers at the salt pans of Joppa, only a mile or two from Edinburgh, were serfs—adscripti glebæ—and sold along with the land on which they dwelt. Re- member the late condition of our brick-fields, our mines, and our labourers in other fields. What remedy presents itself We can only come to the hackneyed conclusion that the sole remedy for this tate of things is education, a humanising education. It is not a particularly brilliant or original thing to say, but severe truth is seldom brilliant and original. There is a noble passage in De Tocqueville which points out that knowledge of the arm of democracy—that every intellectual discovery, every development of science, is a new source of strength to the people. The best educated country in the world is Saxony. This is what a Saxon mining Superintendent says :— " We have a few who drink brandy, but as a rule they are steady. In 1819 compulsory laws, requiring every parent to educate every child, were enacted in Prussia. At first, of course, there was a violent opposition, and the usual hue and cry of ' invaded rights;' but in twelve years crime and pauperism had diminished 40 per cent." To what do these arguments tend ? Surely, to compulsory education. That is no undue interference with liberty no greater interference than a policeman, a tax, and a railway bill and the question is one of security. Take the case of strikes. Strikes are rare in Germany. In Wurtemberg, where every individual in the kingdom above the age of ten can read and write, they are unknown. There are special kinds of education that we need specially do we require that which fits producers for production and distributors for distribution As a matter of fact, there is but one professorship of the Principles of Commerce in the United Kingdom, and that has neither endowment nor scholarships. The only class for which, so far as I know, technical education is never even proposed, is the class for which it is most necessary I mean our rulers. Is there any school or college in Great Britain which professes to educate men for government or states manship ? Eton, I believe, trains a very large pro- portion of our legislators, yet I have grave doubts if Eton provides any special instruction for them in their future duties We agree that an artisan cannot do his work properly without special instruction, but for those to whom we entrust our lives, our fortunes, and ' our honour, no such training is requisite. It is expected and assumed that a peer shall take to politics as a duck takes to swimming. Nor have we improved on our fathers. Macaulay tells us that it was considered wonderful that the elder Pitt had never read Vattel. But can we feel any certainty that every member of Parliament has read the " Wealth of Nations ?" I venture to say there are many members of Parliament who would themselves be the first to amend the deficiencies of their education in their craft, and the labour with which they had at a later and busier period of life to repair them. Having referred to union amongst working men as a preliminary to co-operation, Lord Rosebery next proceeded to consider the physical condition of the working classes, and having noticed the benefit of tramways in overcrowded communities, observed, with regard to the threats of some railway director to discontinue workmen's trains, if railway directors announce themselves as the managers of mere Com mercial speculations, and disregard that public convenience which they receive privileges to protect, they may chance upon evil times. If the Legislature -shall once be called upon to weigh the privileges , accorded to railway companies against the convent ejeestbey concede, it will probably not treat the question as purely one of dividends. Coming to the subject of labourers' dwellings, his lordship referred particularly, to the Artisans', Labourers', and General Dwellings Company which has erected the Shaftesbury park Estate, and is paying 6 per cent. In other countries the same difficulties of housing the poor are experienced and schemes are on foot at Guise, Mulhouse, and in Belgium to provide proper dwelling-places. In New York, so high are rents, that they were said to swal- low up the difference between English and American stages. Another great effort is being unobtrusively made for the comfort of the population. The enjoy- ments of club life, which have such an attraction for the Anglo-Saxon race, are being extended to the artisan. Ia Wisbech, with a population of 12,000, there is a club with 700 members, with extensive buildings, comprising a gymnasium, a hall, a clock tower, and a library, with £1080 deposited last year in its savings' bank, £464 in its coal club, with classes of music and of science and art. It is said that there is a visible difference between the private homes of those who are members and those who are not. In Dundee there is a club of 1000 members, who have interesting discussions on public affairs, lectures of a high class on social and political topics, and an almost ghost- like appetite for blue books. Having alluded to the necessity of protection for women in factories, his lordship concluded as follows: —" The whole universe seems undergoing the volcanic influence of social theory. Everywhere there is breaking out some strange manifestation. The grotesque congregation of the Shakers, the agricultural socialism of Harris, the polygamous socialism of Mormon, the lewd quackery of free love, the mad blank misery of Nihilism, the tragic frenzy of the Parisian Commune, are portents no observer can neglect. Some try to solve the problem of life by abolishing property, some by a new religion. Most of these experiments thrive in America, which alone has room for such vast diversities of opinion and practice. It is too much the fashion to treat these various organizations or a mixture of knavery and folly. Two, indeed, of these phases of humanity will receive more attention from the historian of the future than they attract from their contemporaries I mean the Commune of Paris and the Church of Latter day Saints. That eccentric Church is a socialism founded on a polygamous religion, and ruled by a supreme pontiff. But I would be a mistake, I think, to suppose that polygamy is an essential part of Mor me nism. The traveller in Italy will be struck most not by the plurality of wives, but by the prevailing industry and apparent external brotherhood. These are the outward features of an extraordinary community. That it should largely increase, that it should have converted a desert into a garden, that it should in the last few years have attracted to it thousands of the working-classes (got by polygamy, for that is expensive, and almost all the emigrants are poor will seem to a future age a strange sign of our times. While efforts like these are made for com ple to social reorganisation, a Social Science Congress has even more scope than a Parliament. One beautiful result of these labours is to bring together, from all parties, from numberless nations and creeds, so many real friends of humanity, bound here in a sacred league looking to a sacred end, however much they may differ as to the means. Never was such a league so much needed as now in the history of the world. Never was there on all sides so much of energy and skill given to preparation for those efforts by which civilization is retarded and mankind made miserable. The armies of the four great military Powers when on a war footing engross three millions and a quarter of men in the very prime and flower of life. Three millions and a quarter of men in four countries, with their swords ready to the grindstone, form a portentous silent fact which we cannot ignore in the hall where we discuss the efficacy of arbitration in settling disputes between nations. In Spain we see a war of dynasty, in America a conflict of colour. The night is dark and troubled ; we can but labour steadfastly, hoping for the dawn, united by the sympathy of the living one animated by the example of the dead. In this spirit, gentlemen, I trustfully inaugurate this Congress, and commend you to your labours, convinced that, earnestly pursued, they must be useful, and may bring forth fruit a hundredfold." (Applause.) 