THE REV. P. BAILHACHE. Tho Rev P. Bailhache, the newly arrived pastor of the Albert street Baptist Church, commenced his ministrations yesterday morning before a large congregation. It may bo interesting to mention that the rev. gentleman was born in Jersey, in 1833, and was educated at Stepney and Regent's park Colleges. He first took charge of a church in 1858 ; when be went to Salisbury, to the congregation over whom the Rev Isaac New had formerly presided. He remained there six years, after which he received a call to a church at Hammersmith, where he suc- ceeded Dr. Leishman, and held the same position until his departure for Victoria. Mr. Bailhache has a full, rich, and melodious voice, and an earnest and impressive delivery. An idea as to the measure of the eloquence of his language miy be gathered from the re- port of his sermon which ia appended. The text was, "I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me " Acts x 29. He said he need not tell them how numerous were the anxieties of the first preachers of the Gospel, and if anxieties were natural to them how much more so to those who at a very humble distance were engaged in the duties of preachers of the cross, and he cer- tainly would be destitute of the common sym- pathies of his race if he felt not both oppressed and encouraged with his present position. The invitation he received to take " the oversight of you in the Lord," he finally accepted because he received it as coming from the Lord. No other consideration could have decided him to leave his good and loving congregation, now so far away. To the queation asked in the text, he replied —first, they had sent for him in the hope that the great end of preaching might be abundantly realised through bia instrumentality. God called whom He wished to the sacred office, and no man was at liberty to enter it merely for position or bread. The true minister of the Gospel did not enter upon its proclamation as a profession, but as a vocition. His watch word was, "Woe is me if I preach not the Gospel." The great end of preaching the Gospel waa to glorify God and bless man by bringing sinners to the "obedience of faith" in Chnst and promoting their aanctificition knowledge love, and adoration of God, their aasimilation and devotion to Him in thought desire, word, and deed, their cor dial and delightful communion with Tuthor, Son and Holy Ghost, their love, gentleness, meekness, patience, uprightness, and faith fulness tovutrdB their fcllow.men. Did ho possess an eloquence, which he did not, so that he could speak with the tongues of men and of angela , had ho such depths of loam mg that he could open up to thorn many more mysteries than he should attempt-yet this eloquente and this learning would not be a sufficient reason why they had sent for him. Vi hat wore captivating forms of speech, or the discoveries of studious boura, ii the thoughtless wero not awakened, the bewildered guided, and God's people built up ¡in their most holy fnth' Ho appre- ciated the importance of being in favour of all tho people and giving no offence in any- thing that the ministry bo not blamed , but they knew that ChnBt'said "Woe bo unto jou when all men Bballspeakwellof you 'ne hoped it was not necessary to day that he should CBteem the solemn awe, the deep ti outhtfulneBS of the worldling, the alarm of the presumptuous, the ray of spiritual comfort shining upon the contrite BOUI, tho devout feehnj, and holy purpose springing up within the heaits of those who moved away from the pulpit to the doors , these things ho would eBteera os a moro precious testimony to the power and excellence of tha discourse than all tho plaudits of graceleBS worldlings and genteel professors, and those who wero ' lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God " The self searching, the humility, tho tears of penitence, the sweet and confiding faith, tho comfort of hope, the movement of the soul from self and tho world toward God and Christ were a thousand fold higher attesta tion of pulpit power than all the praiBes ever laiished upon mere oratory or genius It was bia hope that these attestations of power mifeht bo realised here, but ho re- minded them that they must not oxpect in any one man a summary of qualifica- tions Bo thankful for what ho was rather thin ungrattful on account of what he was not Did they depreciate the sun because it was destitute of fragrance'' Did they undervalue the rose because no lifeht flashed from its leaf of beauty' Why, then, should any miiiiater of Christ be made the subject of adverse criticism beciuso ho did not combine the wisdom of the sago, the lire of the orctor, tho imagination of the poet tho acumen of the critic, and the calmness of the philosoi tier ' Remember that " tho treasure ia 111 earthly vessels and thit while each munster was bound to a diligent cultivation of any yft with which God had endowed him, each man had his own stylo of working, and was never so cffectivo as when he was natural Ho asked a(.ain " Tor what intent yo havo sent for me Well secondly, they had sent for him that under his ministry they might be niBtiucted 111 the truth Let thom not bo displeased wLen the preacher selectod a theme for discourse that was not exactly congemii with their tastes That perchance, might emly be a cogent reason why it should be brought before thom The minister who would declare "the whole counsel of God would frequently introduce into the pulpit subjects to which many Christian and Intel ligent minds would bave a strange aversion lho true minister sought tho highest spiritual culturo of his hearers, and every candid church would yve their pastor credit for being anxioua to bring forth from the " treasury" vhoae truths, " both old and new,' which 111 tho calmness of his judg ment and the affection of his heart ho deemed moat seasonable AB their minister ho should not regard them as having been all the weak entaged in studying tho divine oracles and guarding their souls 111 mist the invasions of a subtle and power ful foe On the contrary, he should endeavour to remember that they had been battling with an unsympathetic world, that they had been exposed to the corrosion of care and tho chagrin of disappointment, and that, footsore and soul weary, they ware panting for tho rest of God No doubt bia mouth would often be filled with " haid say 111E8, ' but tua caro should bo that their un pleasantness should bo the result of their veracity Ho should havo to tell them that, however uptight and virtuous any of them uiifcht be, however irreproachable in the eati manon of tho world, yet, if they wished to obtain salvation, they must seek it as sinnoiB He should have to tell thom that if any mau would bo Christs diBciplo, he must deny himaelf, and take up His cross and follow wherever He mifcbt lead Would thai bo able to bear that' When ho should discourse about the blessedness of heaven and the happiness of the redeemed, thoy would no doubt rejoice that "Tlioro Is a lind of puro dollgbt, \\\ beio Balms immortal roigu But when ho should have to speak of tho account they must give of their stewardship, and the solemnities and decisions of the judgmentday would thoy be able to boar that' Well, if they had sont for lum that he should speak to them the whole truth, than would they say when he brought before them the most humbling ond searching truths, " Thou hast dono well that thou art como,, He askod atain, ' Tor what intent ye have sent for me?' Well, thoy had sent for him that together they might rotrliso true church prosperity, lho moro thoy reflected upon the institutions of a Christian church, the moro deeply would they be convinced that it wa3 tho most important institution 011 earth This would bo evident if he simply men- tioned three of the leading purposes of a church organisation -1 Thoy wore banded totetker as Christians for their botter tram mg ni the now life, 2 Thoy wore banded louetlier as Christians that they might grow into and dovelope a holy brotherhood á That through their union tho blessings of the Gospol mi(,ht be increasingly diffused on those around If they realised all this, thoy would not regret that thoy had sent for him, and he should cv or rejoice that he had come to tilt-in In conclusion, ho briefly indicated his expectations of those who should avowedly wait on his ministry. He urged that their attendance m tho sanc- tuary should bo punctual and regular, that iheyBhould encourage him with thoir can- dour and charitable judgment, that they should give him an abiding intorest in their prayers, and lot him have their active and heaity co oporation Ho had many other things to say, but the time for their utterance lind not yet arrived. Meanwhile they had beard hiB first Btatement-what and wliero his last should bo none could toll. Ha had como amongst them because the voice was heard saying, ' Como over and help us," and he was willing to d10 111 their mijBt should the Lord deign so to ordain. But whether their union bo brief or protracted, lot it bo dibtinguiehcd by lovo, by unity, and by eaineot labour. "Let brotherly lovo con linne " Let them aim at the highest usoful. necs, and bear one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ They were Chris- tians and Bhould lot their daily life prove that they had been living and continued to live, with JCBUB In the evening there was a largo at- tendance, tho church boing crowded The Rev. Mr Bailbache preached from Hebrews xiii 8, "Jesus Christ the same yoaterday, to day, ondiorevor." I 