LEISURE. Of all the pleasures which are innocent and pure, which can be readily obtained and rationally enjoyed, which are satisfactory while they last and produce no after-conse* quences to diminish their value, perhaps the one most generally neglected is a wise enjoy* ment of the leisure which has been fairly earned by work. Many people know how delicious it is when the body is thoroughly tired with a day of honest labour to throw oneself down on tho sofa, with the latest magazine or a new book, and to feel that the rest is legitimately won. Others again can tell, when the day has been one of mental toil, what a relief it is to drop the pen, shut up the books, and casting off all care, stretch the cramped muscles, and refresh the weary brain by a sauner round the garden, a stroll along the beach or a ride into the hills. Such relief as this is necessary to recruit the wasted powers, but it is not what we mean by a wise enjoyment of leisure. When the body is overtaxed with physical labour the mind refuses to exert itself in the hours of rest, and mental culture is impossible. When the brain is overwrought physical exertion only adds to the strain upon the system. To be wisely enjoyed the leisure must be ample and the daily toil not too severe, let how very few, comparatively speaking, rightly avail themselves of an enjoyment which, if they were questioned on the subject, they would admit to be so desirable. The great bulk of mankind seems to be divided into two chases— the busy and the idle — and the instances are com- paratively rare in which two essential ingredients of human happiness— work and play— are mixed in just proportions. With the man who is habitually idle we have no sympathy whatever. The loafer, who dawdles about with his hands in his pockets', is guilty of a moral wrong ; he is one of the luggards of society, a snail feeding on other people's cabbages, an eyesore, and a nuisance. He has to be supported somehow, and as he contributes nothing to the working power of the community he is an incumbrance and a drag. We would give him in charge of the police if we could, but in the meanwhile console ourselves with the reflection that his crime involves its own punishment, for, as the victim of ennui, he suffers more and is more to bo pitied than the ' horny-handed sons of toil' with whose lot political sympathy is sometimes eloquent. We have before our mind, however, a different and much more numerous class to whom the importance of securing seasons of leisure may be strongly recommended. No one who indulges in habits of reading and reflection, who has much to do with his fellow - creatures, and who exercises the faculty of observation, can fail to notice how incessantly busy, anxious, and restless are the great majority of his acquaintance, and in this respect how fully they represent the spirit of the age. For this latter half of the nineteenth ceutury the most popular motto is ' go ahead.' There is keen competition to spur the laggards, eager rivalry between races and individuals. We do go ahead to some purpose no doubt, but the cost of our progress is by no means insignificant. Push is often preferred to probity; safety is sacrf* ficed to speed. The cry seems to be ' get on in the world or else get out of it. ' Thought* ful observers sec and deplore the unrestful character of the times we live in. One of the most gifted of American writers of fiction says that 'were he to adopt a pet idea, as so many people do, and fondle it in his em* braces to the exclusion of all others, it would be that the great want , which mankind labours under at this present moment is — sleep.' On his showing the world has become bewildered and distracted by pro longed and unhealthy activity. It is in the condition of a man who is sleepless through nervous excitement, and though preternatu- rally wide-awake, it is nevertheless tor- mented by visions which appear to be real, but which an interval of tranquil repose would entirely dispel. Stimulants only aggravate the evil by heightening the de- lirium, but a deep and dreamless slumber would do away with old delusions and restore the simple perceptions of right with the desire and power to achieve it which the excitment of the brain and the passion of the heart have gone so far to disturb. Philosophers from, their contemplative heights look down on the busy throng ceaselessly running to and fro like swarms of ants with bits of earth in their mouths, and ask- why all this haste, conf- sion, bustle, and unrest ? Aristotle delivered it as a maxim that the end of labour is to enjoy leisure, bnt how many are to be found who act on that principle? The fact is we are in a crowd which is ever hurrying along, and we must either be borne ; ??-;'- 53$ forward or resolutely stand aside ; otherwise we are in danger of being crashed down by its impetuous rash. Even recreations them* selves often partake of the same restless character. Holidays instead of being used for the purpose of resting the weary frame are periods of additional excitement. There is such a determination to make the moat of the time that instead of the day being one of relaxation and quiet enjoyment — a pause in the current of life — it begins in haste, is passed through in a whirl of gaiety, and ends in exhaustion. Who does sot know the jaded, disappointed feeling of the morning alter such a holiday, when instead of the nerves being braced for fresh exertion and the whole system rendered more elastic and vigorous, the result of the previous day's pleasure is found to be langour, lassitude, and depression? There is nothing to be gained but there is much to be lost by this incessant activity. If there were reason to believe that men could work as effectively, as continuously, and as long at high-pressure aa they coald were the strain occasionally suspended for a while, there would be some excuse for putting and keeping the steam on; but there is no such prospect. The bow which is permanently strung will utterly lose its elasticity. The machine which works up to the measure of its capacity without inter mission will speedily break down or else wear out. Everything in nature cries out for alternations of labour and repose, and the man who intelligently understands- and sacredly obeys this universal law will find that he economises his powers, increases his ability to labour, and prolongs its duration. He was a wise man who made it his habit to be a whole man to one thing at a time ; who wrought with all his might when there wa3 work to be done, and rested as thoroughly when his leisure hours arrived, thereby pre venting exhaustion and guarding against premature decay. Rot only does leisure wisely employed lengthen out the term during which work can be efficiently done, but it also increases the effective force by which it is performed. According to our definition leisure is not merely relaxation or amusement, but a time fir accumulating energy and gathering foroe, so that when the hour comes for renewed effort it may tell with the more powerful effect. It is painful sometimes to witness the futile endeavours of a man who persistently but feebly tries to accomplish a certain thing, wasting his time, strength, and patience to no purpose, when it is clear that if he would only give himself breathing time, wait a little, rest and recruit, and then go at it again, he would be sure to succeed. 'All things are possible to him that can wait ;' and although we have no sympathy with the liicawbers, who are eternally looking for something to turn up, yet at the right time waiting is as legitimate an occupation as any thing else. 'There is a tide in the affairs of men,' bnt the man who is always in a hurry is almost as sure to miss the golden opportunity as the one who « too slow. It is only he who, in addition to the necessary prompti tude, possesses the clearness of perception, courage, and coolness, which are born of leisure, who is likely to seize it and be borne onwards on the flood. Breathless enthusiasts seed often to be reminded of Talleyrand's esge advice, 'Above all, gentlemen, no zeal.' Great thoughtss noble conceptions, states manlike plans, are rarely the product of the whirlwind and the storm, but are suggested and matured during periods of quiet reflection, and are commonly the off spring of leisure hours. So essential are these periods of calm thoughtfulness that the excuse has been, somewhat ironically perhaps, set up, for dull sermons that they produce a break in the swift and agitated current of ordinary life, compelling those listeners whose lives are generally all hurry and turmoil to spend a. brief period of quietude in a place which is rich in solemn associations. Difficult as it is for most men to^obtain intervals of leisure, their importance is sufficient to justify the strongest deter mination to secure them at any coat, and as a general rule the assistance will be found to be wise, and the judicious employment of leisure hours a profitable expenditure of time. The lull in the storm is no token of weakness; it is a pause in the elemental strife which only heralds a new and a more impetuous assault. The billows on the shore retreat, not baffled, or defeated, but that they may gather strength to sweep onward with irresistible force. And the leisure time of a busy man is just that loll, that pause, which he needs in order that his wasted energies may be restored— that he may learn wisdom from past experience, and that he may return to the battle of life with plainer perceptions, clearer aims, a more determined purpose, and augmented power. The Poet BBiDCE.—The latest issue of fh& Gazette contains the announcement that a tender has been accepted for the erection of a temporary bridge across $W P-?rt Creek, at a cost of £2,397. Suck ih amount for a mere maftfflhift structure seems enormous, but we presume the expenditure is unavoid able. TK» femall step in advance calls to mind tfee serious delay there ha3 been in providing a bridge adapted to the re quirements of the traffic. Year after year this pressing work has on one paltry pretext or another been postponed, until the bridge has become so dilapidated that it can hardly be depended upon to hold together until a new and substantial structure has been erected — in other words, until the middle of 1877, the date at which the ]£ngineer*in-Chief expects to have the railway between Port Adelaide and the Sema phore in full working order. As long ago aa 1872 provision was made for a new bridge, but no action was taken. Two years later a second nroviaon was made, this tame in a more elaborate form, the structure autho rized being intended to carry a railway as well as for purposes of general traffic. How it comes to pass that so little has been dene during the last twelve or fifteen months to carry forward the undertaking is a point upon which some explanation is needed. As matters stand we do not diapnte the neces sity for the temporary erection ; but we are curious to know whether the whole amount to be expended upon it will be an exce33 on the original estimate. In any case it is to be hoped that the makeshift bridge will be available for permanent use elsewhere after Jt has served its purpose at the Port Creek. The Post-Office Clock.— Everything in con nection with the adjustment of the Post-Office clock bas been done, and the timepiece is now ready to do its work of recording the hours. The clock was made by Joyce & Son, of White church, Shropshire, to the specification of the Postmaster - General, revised by Sir Edmund Beckett, who kindly undertook the immediate supervision of the clock and bells. The bells were cast by J. Taylor & Co., of Loughborough. There are five bells — an hour bell and four quarter bells. The hour bell is 5 feet 3 inches in diameter, and weighs 47½ cwt. The quarter bells are respectively 51 inches, 39 inches, 36 inches, and 34 inches in diameter, and weigh 24 cwt 3 qrs. 19 lbs., 12 cwt 1 qr. 16 lbs., 10 cwt, 0 qrs. 11 lbs., and 9 cwt, 0 qrs. 13 lbs. respectively. The hour and fourth bells are one-thirteenth of their diameter in thickness, and the others are of such thickness as to make them perfectly in tune with the fourth, and they corre spond exactly with the chimes of Great St. Mary's, Cambridge, and the Westminster chimes. The notes are- first quarter bell, C ; second, B flat ; third, A flat ; fourth, E flat; and hour bell, C. The order in which they chime is as follows :— First quarter, 1 2 3 4; second quarter, 3124,3213; third, 13 24. 4213, 1234; fourth, 3 1 2 4, 3 2 1 3, 1 3 2 4, 4 2 1 3. The hour hammer weigh 112 lbs., and the four quarter bells hammers respectively 25 lbe., 23 lbs., 30 lbs., and 40 lbs. The clock is known as 'Benison's doable three-legged gravity escape ment,' similar to the clock at Westminster. It has compensation pendulum consisting of iron or zinc, beating one and a half seconds. The bob of the pendulum weighs nearly 2 cwt. There are four faces to the clock, made of Chance's white opal glass, with 7 feet 8 inches clear opening. The dials will be illuminated at night, and the clock is so contrived that it turns the gas on and off at the proper hour according to the season of the year. The striking cams and levers are hard steel-faced and of the most approved form. The wheels are of gun-metal, with epidcloidal teeth and lantern pinions. By a certain arrangement, the clock communicates the time to the Observatory at a certain hour every day. Mr. Todd estimated the cost of the clock and bells at £1,200, or probably more, owing to the high price of all that kind of work in England. The bells were intended to be of the same size as those of the Melbourne Post- Office clock, but Sir Edmond Beckett advised the adoption of much larger bells. The Melbourne hour bell weighs 31 cwt, and that of Adelaide 43½ cwt, and all the other bells are in proportion. The invoice price of the bells was £802 14s., and the clock £410. The clock will be started by the Chief Secretary soon after a quarter to 12 on Monday. 'Views of Adelaide.— The Government have obtained from the Melbourne Photographic Company, Bundle- street, a duplicate set of the views of Adelaide, .taken by them a short time ago, which will be hung in the office of the Agent-General in London. The views are from two points — one from the look-out of one of the highest buildings in King William-street, the other from Montefiore Hill, North Adelaide. They are finished in the best style ; the largest is 12ft. z 2ft., and the smallest 6ft x 2ft They are framed in maple, with gold beading, and convey to inteaiirg immigrants and old colonists when calling at Mr. Dutton's office a faithful bird's-eye view of the more prominent bufidiegs and streets of the capital of South Australia. They are securely packed in strong zinc- lined cases, and are to be shipped per the Hesperus, which is to sail in a day or two. Another set of the same views was sent to Philadelphia, to the order of the local Phila delphia Exhibition Commissioners, by the laat California mail. A third set still remains in the Adelaide office of the Commissioners, and th.3 Company retain the fourth set in their Bundle street rooms. All the pictures have been framed in a very creditable way by Mr. A. Molten, Flinders- street Lkctdbe oh Temfebascb.— Owing to the inclemency of the weather on Saturday evening there was bat a small attendance to hear Dr. Antliffs lecture on this subject The Chairman (Mr. J. Pickering, M.P.) and the Bev. Mr. Cock, who has just arrived from England, made a few remarks in favour of temperance. Dr. Antb'ff then spoke, and showed what evils resulted from addiction to strong drinks, and related a number of incidents about drunkards brought under his notice when lecturing in various parts of England. On Sunday morning the rev. gentleman preached in the North Adelaide Baptist Chapel, which was lent for the occasion, and in the afternoon and evening in the Town Hall. There will be a tea meeting in the Temperance Hall this evening, liter which a public meeting will be held in the Archer-street Chapel. Mklakesiak Mission.— Sermons on behalf of this mission were preached in St. Paul's Church on Sunday, December 12, by Archdeacon Dove in the morning and by the Lord Bishop in the evening. ANKivEBSABT Sebyices. — The anniversary services of the Franklin-street Methodist New Connexion Chapel were held on Sunday, December 12. ' Sermons were preached by the Rev. M. J. Birks in the morning, and in the evening by the Bev. W. P. Wells. This evening the annual tea meeting wfll be held, after whi:h the Bev. M. J. Birks will give a lecture on 'George Whitefield.' White's Booms.— At the matinee and evening performance of the Marionettes on Saturday evening there were crowded houses, and the entertainment was much applauded. The performance will be repeated this evening for the last time. The Glbselg Yachting Season. — Heavy rain, a smart squall and a rattling thunderstorm, combined to spoil the excellent arrangements of the Glenelg Yacht Club to open their season on Saturday, December 11, and there was in conse quence a very moderate attendance of specta tor?, who very soon deserted the jetty for the more agreeable shelter of Moseley's commodious balcony in the Pier Hotel. Notwithstanding the conflict of the element?, nautical discipline prevailed, and the evolutions of the yachts were initiated, but somewhat disordered ere finished by the squall which came down from the south west as the wind suddenly shifted. There was a good muster of craft belonging to the Glenelg Club, and a number of those attached to the South Australian Yacht Club came round from the Port by invitation. A largely attended banquet closed the day's proceedings, a report of which will be found in other columns. Pbesestation.— A meatier of a number of the City Corporation employe's took place on Saturday, at 1 o'clock, in the Council Chamber, for the purpose of making a presentation to the Overseer of Works. Mr. R. Klppist, upon the occasion of his leaving tno service, iu which he had fceen for six years. The present consisted &f; ''Cattail's Encycloiceiia,' in ten volume?, half bound, and a handsome gold guard. TUo Town Clerk, in a few well-chosen remarks, referred to the esteem in which the recipient wbb held by the donor-1, and thoir desira for bis future prosperity, and expressed a hope that the information contained in the Encyclopa.1 Ita would aid him in his future career. Mr. Eippist in a feeling manner expressed hit great pleasure in receiving such a handsome &nd; useful gift, and said that ha should ever enter tain feelings of regard and respect towards those with whom he had been associated so long. Tiiis 13 the second officer who within a year has received sufficient inducement to oause him to sever his connection with the Adelaide Corpo ration. Elocution.— Mr. B. Fairclough, tho eminent tragedian, will give a series of recitals this evening at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide. Mitcham.— A public meeting has been called for this evening at the Mitcham Institute to take steps for the erection of a central school room. Lady Alice Mete.— The result of the last crushing at the Lady Alice Mine was 74 ozs. 5 dwts. of gold, and about 3 tons of copper ore. Locusts. — The plagua of the locusts has descended upon some portions of the Peninsula (says the Wallaroo Timts). In some of the pal . docks near to Maitlandjthey resembled a snow ' storm in appearance. Tha farmers are not without apprehension that they may, despite the advanced state of the crops, commit coa siderable damage. They are perverse enough to alight on the standing corn, and nibble through the straw close to the wheat ears, which then drops off and is lost. Some farmers say that they have seen patches of crops several acres in extent thus desolated., Pobt Augusta Ihstitctk.— A bazaar in aid cf the funds of the Port Augusta Institute, which is now in coarse of erection, took place on the evening of Tuesday, December 7, and the two following daje. The receipts amounted to £414, and after paying all expenses over £400 will go to the funds of the Institute. The hall, which is the only part of the building yet completed, is a handsome room 48 feet long and 30 feet wido, with a height of about 20 feet to the centre of the ceiluog. It is expected tbat the entire build ing will be completed about the beginning of tie year. The cost, with the fittings, will probably be a little over £*2,C00. GtKJELG Institute.— The foundation stone of the G'enelg Institute was laid on Saturday after noon by the Hon. Sir Henry Ayers. Tho weather was unfortunately very wet, and the attendance at Glenelg was therefore comparatively limited, notwithstanding the evolutions of the Yacht Club in connection with the opening of the season. The necessary ceremony was p**formed during a lull in the prevailing showers of rain, and Sir Henry afterwards made aepeechfrom the baloony of the Pier Hotel. Ghosts.— It Eeoms singular to find any belief in ghosts existing amongst the residents of Lefevre's Peninsula; but some foohsh fellow is making insane attempts to frighten women and children. He appears to women in isolated places, and is vaiiously described. On Saturday night, late, he was standing at the corner of a fence draped in white habiliments. So much interest has been created in tho movements of the ghost that the police have made some enquiries into the matter, and have a clue to the perpetrator of the mischief. Although the foroe has been charged with want of acumen in un ravelling the mystery, perhaps they will yet give an account of tho motives which have induced Euch absurd vagaries. A Good Example.— An example worthy of imitation has been set by the Gawler Young Men's Mutual Improvement and Debating So ciety. The first session having been brought to a termination by a successful entertainment, a turn of £3 has been presented to the Adelaide Hospital and £1 Is. to the Female Refuge. The Society holds a balance in hand for other chari table objects. Spontaneous Combustion.— The enquiry at Greenwich as to the cause of the burning of the Aurora, from Adelaide, ended in a conclusion that it arose from spontaneous combustion. It seemed equally certain, from the evidence, that the fire had originated in that part of the hold in which a quantity of wool was stowed. Of course it was not possible under the circum stances to attach blame to anybody, and th9 captain of the thip got his certificate returned to him, and was exempted, from censure of any kind. It is not for us to find faault with the decision of the magistrate in this particular case, but it does appear palpably to our minds that as a general rule the precautions made against fire on board ship are inadequate to their purpose. Whenever a vessel is laden with a cargo of an inflammable kind— and the unfortu nate Aurora was especially so— there should be bid horizontally in the hold a series of perforated iron pipes meeting in the centre and havin? an uptake to the deck. The central pipe and its radiating branches should embrace the enitire area of the hold, and permeate, as it were throughout it The main pipe ought to be con nected to a small centrifugal pump or fan to be worked by a donkey .engine on deck, or a crank propelled by manual power. By these means the gases liberated from coal, wood, or from other materials deposited in the vessel, might essuy be extracted and got rid of. Some ar rangement of this kind, together with ther mometers and gas indicators are the only effective means for preventing the recurrence of such disasters as that which caused the destruc tion of the Aurora and her valuable freight Even in cases where explosions do not occur, the spontaneous generation of gases must have a deleterious effect on the health of the crew and passengers of a vessel, and a plan which would provide an outlet for these gases would be a well limed measure of precaution.— Sanitary Record. Voltjkteebs. — Lieut -Colonel Richardson, tha Commandant of the New South Wales Volunteer Force, has submitted to the Government a memorandum on the present organization of the volunteer and military forces of that colony. Ha recommends the reorganization of the volunteer force somewhat in the form of a paid volunteer militia, with conditions of service which would pres3 but little on the population. Among the prcminent causes of the weakness in the present system he mentions the absence of power in tha officer commanding the volunteer force to inflict any penalty for misconduct, and the power at present possessed by volunteers of electing their own officers. The appointment of officers should, he thinks, be vested in the Governor as Com mander-in-Chief, he having due regard to tha recommendations of responsible officers. The want of continuous drill, and tha consequent inability to teach more than the mere routine of drill, is he considers another prominent source of weakness at present. Ho proposes that four districts should be established, com prisiBg head-quarters, with 2,318 artillery, engineers, mounted rifles, and infantry; western district, 626 mounted rifles and infantry; northern district, 706 artillery, mounted rifles, and infantry; southern district, 706 artillery, mounted rifles, and infantry— giving a total of 4,356 of all ranks as the peace establishment, to be expanded in time of war to 5,716 of all ranks, or even to a greater extent Colonel Richard son suggests that the principle of voluntary enlistment for five years should be encouraged, but that failing the completion of the establish ment of the various districts by that means, recourse should be had to the ballot, the term of service in that case to bo six years. The annual training should consist of 10 clear days in camp or barracks, and six detached days during other portions of the year. Dunn? con tinuous training the forces should receive bjth pay and rations, and should be paid for the detached days of training also. The estimated annual cost of such a force is £10 per head.— Argvt. How tc Prevent Jewel Robberies.— As jewel robberies have become so prevalent both in Europe and America, the New York lima has been induced to make the fallowing suggestion : — 'Let every jewel of sufficient importance be accompanied by a wearable parchment certificate of its value, signed by the goldsmith or jeweller from whom it wan bought, and let ladies when they travel leave the jewels in their husbands' or their bankers' safes, and wear the parohmeat certificates— as the Hebrews of old wore thair phylacteries — bound upon their arms and acro33 their foreheads. If these certificates were aiade of a becoming shape and colour, they would be quite as ornamental as many of the article? that they represent ; and for all purposes of crushing rivals, or attracting attention, a certificate of value to the amouat of five or ten thousand dollars, or more, signed 'Tiffany & Co.,' would be as effectfra an the jewels themselves. It fs their value which is their chief meritas article* o! dress ; for if a woman is not attractive withoub them. Ehe may be very sure that she will be less so with them.' The British Empire.— It hw besa estimated that the British Empire contains a larger pop'V lation than Russia, Austria, Italy, France, and Germany combined. Tae total population of these is 223,000,000, whilo that of Great Britain is 290,C0O,0OQ, [From Saturday's Evening JournalA Communication with Europe.— The follow ing notice- wts posted at the Telegraph Office on Saturday morning, December 11:— 'Talegrams for Europe addressed ' via India1 will be sent on by the mail steamers leaving Singapore- Decem ber 15, 23, and 29, and Ponang on Dacainber IS. Mail steamers arc due at Singapore onDeoecnb9r 14, 22, aad 28, and at Penang on December 12 and 26.' Accitjekt IN THE Gulf.— It will be seen from a telegram in anothar column that tho ketch Rose was cap&izad; during Friday night in a squall about four miles off Carracalinga. The hands saved themselves in a boat which they had towing astern. |V To-day, &t; 2 o'clock, Messrs. Barnard and Chambers wi'll sell, at the Bazaar Sa'.eyards, for Mr. Jules Gascard, 50 Heavy and Medium and a few Light Harness Horse?, Covered Express Wagcn, &c;, brought overland froai Victoria. |V Messrs. Perry, Dornweli, & Co. havo requested us to call the special attention of bujers to their Sale, to be held Tnis Day, at the John Bull Yards, of Sir. Win. Butcher's Horses, and to state that they are for Absolute Sale to the highest bidder. 