,. ~SN*QW H&&&? :.^B.— - r.r ?- /FfiOM CHAMBEBS^S JOUBNAL ) [?] In his. library sat Robert Hilton, en-* grossed in iiis books. The door opened very gently^ and there entered a;pleasant looKing old lady, enveloped in a crimson shawl- ' * ; ' ?? ; ' - 'Why, you here, mother!' he ex-: claimed, rising * hastily.'1 ''** I never ex pected to.see you at this' hour of the morning; it ifl hardly id o'clock yet, and the day so bitterly cold, I thought you still ia bed.' ' I had letters, Bobert,' she replied, as she took the easy chair he placed for her near the bright fire. ' I am afraid I disturb you,' she began nervously, seeing the table spread with i books of an abstruse kind. ? ' Don't think of it.' Though answer- j ing thus, he was rather discomposed, for ] his passion was books and research of all kinds; and he pushed the hair from his somewhat care-worn forehead, as he pre pared to listen to the purport of his mother's visit, which, he argued, must be j something unusual, to make an invalid as she was visit him so early. I Beferring to her basket, Mrs. Hilton J drew thence a letter, and said : ' From I my old friend, Margaret, Mrs. Cameron ;' and putting on her spectacles, she read aloud. ' Never mind the contents,' he intern ? A ? 1 ? 2V „ _ 1_ ^ 1 ? 3 ? J .1.1 ? Jl ? A. 1- ? _? ruptea, aiier sue naa reaa tne nrsc line, i judging this by its many predecessors. ; 1 'But, Bobert, I want you to hear;! that is why I came,' she returned! timidly. ' She says Helen, her daughter, j you know, is coming, in a few days to j stay at Mount Farm, quite near us ; and 1 1 thought it would look bo odd if we I don't ask her to visit us also, and — Ij came to consult you,' she hesitated. ' I think Margaret will expect it. I know you dislike visitors in the house,' and] have grown a confirmed bachelor,' she sighed; 'and I am only a poor invalid, not fit for much, so we we are well matched, and can dispense with visitors. Still — if you would not mind for this once, soe pieaaea. Bobert Hilton saw trouble looming in the distance, as he listened to his mother's hesitating request. It was quite true all she had said; he was a confirmed old bachelor, forty years old ? and hated the sight of wemen, rarely looking on the face of one but his poor old mother. No wonder she felt apologetic and doubtful about the success of her request, as she watched the nervous, somewhat disjointed looking figure of her tall lean son, whose sunken eyes had a troubled expression in them while she spoke. ' You would never see her but at meal times,' she continued, '♦ and that only for a few daye, iny dear, if you wouldn't mind. I would not suggest her coming, only she is staying so very near, and is such, a nice girl ; so Margaret writes ; though it is some years now since I saw her. She was fifteen then, and must be twenty no w. Dear, dear, how time flies ! ' ** Yery well ; ask her over, if you like,' he said, with affected carelessness ; ' but only for three or four days, mind ;' and he turned with longing e'yeB to the open book' which was waiting his perusal. ' Thank you j it is very good of you,' she said, quite gratefully, as she rose. *' I will leave you now, and write to Mar garet to allow Helen to come to us.' 'Only for a few days,' he reminded, already regretting his permission ; ' other wise, we may have her here for weeks, if you don't specify the time.' Several days passed, and one bright frosty day, in the early part of January, a party of girls were amusing themselves in the drawing-room of the Mount Farm. Helen Cameron, with her two old friends and schoolfellows, Annie and Clara Narcot, formed the trio. Helen's best friend could not have called her pretty, while her worst would have found it impossible to call her plain. She was what is termed a nice girl, when one is pushed into a corner fora definition. She was agreeable, good-tempered, could talk pleasantly on most thines, had a very fair figure, with a bright intelligent face that refused to be catalogued as regular featured; with a complexion frequently tinged with deep rose, interspersed with freckles. Ah, poor Helen 1 I am afraid that last bit may tell against you: but the portrait-painter must be faithful. She had, however, one grand point ; her hair was beautiful, and. fell in long wavy masses, like bright spun silk fresh from the cocoon, caught on either side by a comb which confined it to the back of her head; beyond this there was no arranging. Nature did the rest, with an Admirable eye to effect. A servant entered while they were laughing and talking together, and handed Helen a note. . ? -?- . ' From mamma's old friend, Mrs. Hil ton,'* ehe said, as she broke the seal and read the contents. ' The Hilton's of the Firs ; the people one hears of, but never sees/' remerked Clara Narcor. '.Mrs. Hilton is an invalid, and her son a monk, from all accounts,' chimed in Annie, while Helen was perusing her note, who soon exclaimed : ''What am I to do, or say? How «ha!l^I ever get out of it ? Mrs. Hilton Uaa -wnfefotn fn sa.tr tTiftf mamma, htta tin cepted an invitation for me to spend a few days with her, as I am in the neigh bordood, aid she hopes I'll fix an early day! ' she cried. with genuine dismay. Her announcement was received with a chorus of groans from the two girls. ' It is /too bad of mamma to accept an invitation for me from such people. .What was she thinking of ? She might just \as well have askied me to spend a few days in a churchyard as in Buch a house as that!' : ' Yes,' said Clara, with a grimace, ' there is not much amusement to be got '?#?;..? »df ifcafc^aliey of drybonesi ^llr. Hilton is a fossil my -dear ? he has «tudied pre Adtunite man— and what do von call those .ugly things with hideous long nanies ?— until he has converted himself into an antediluvian specimen of an im plement for digging up his discoveries! Heaven preserve me from such awful men! I like flesh and blood, not the world's progress-machines, 'as I call them. 'Why pepple.must be for ever rummaging understand for old bones and such*like I can't imagine. *' if it is only to keep us alive with your : description, when you come back. ' Well, only for a couple days,' stipu lated Helen ruefully, as she sat down to answer the invitation. I ' Of course, only for a couple days ; we couicm t spare you lor longer, ' saw Clara ; ' there is the ball next week you know. Just say we will drive you over to-morrow — Tuesday — and will fetch you again. on Friday; that will give you just two clear days, which I expect you will find two too many.' ' The house is worth seeing, I am told;' broke m Annie. 'It is so old-fashioned, and full of ail sorts of queer things — re- mains, and so forth. *'Have you ever seen Mr. Hilton?' inquired Helen. \- ' We sometimes, but rarely see him i naing aooui ; out ne nates women, ana flees at the sight of one — Doesn't he Clara?' ' Agreeable for me,' murmured Helen, as she sealed her note, and ran for the servant to send it to the Firs. ' I do so wish I were not going ; but there is no help for it, I suppose. I hope there are no ghostB or other miseries in the house beside the fossil remains ? ' she inquired, shivering. ' Tell me, what is he like, this fossil-in-chief, that I may know what I have to expect?' ** Oh, tall, lean, and grizzled about the [ head, with scared-looking eyes, as if they could only see clearly underground, = said Clara* with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. ' why, he is a ghost in himself! I shall be frightened to meet him,' ex claimed Helen. ' And be never speaks; even reads at his meals I believe,' said Annie, with a laugh. ' Worse and worse ! O girls, what am I to do ? What an ogre for a woman to be shut up with. Does he like music, I wonder ? But of course not ! ' ' They say music hath charms to soothe the savage beast ; why not see if it will cause a resurrection in the pre- Adamite one ? ' hazarded one of the girls. ' What ! sing to a stone ? Impossible ! I should be too frightened. I must take lots of work, that's all ; try and finish this rug for the bazaar. Dear, how cold it is ? ' and she shivered again. ' 'Xes ; is it not ?' said Annie, drawing _ nearer to the fire, and giving it a vigorous ' poke. ' There ia snow in the air ; and snow here is no joke, let me tell you. It regularly barricades us ; we are such a height.' ' If it fell to-night, the chances are.you nrml/l nnf-. nn i-.n flia TOkb 4-.r»_mr»riv»ijir TKifit-*» is no driving a carriage in these parts till the snow is over.' ' I wish it may come down, then,' said Helen. ' Don't wish that, as it would put an end to our ball ; so it cuts both ways. You have no idea how the snow falls here, several feet deep ; and then we are shut up sometimes for weeks.' ' And a storm is brewing,' said Clara. ' I hope it will have the good heart to keep off until the ball is over. I don't know when I felt it so cold ! ' No snow fell the following day. It was in the air, people remarked, who un aerscooa tne temperature, .amio. mucn laughter on the girls, and misgiving on Helen's part, she was driven over to the Firs, and deposited among the fossils, with many injunctions to be careful she, herself, was not turned into a ' subject ' for investigation. 'So very glad to welcome you, my love,' *aid old Mrs. Hilton, embracing UClt ?*.!/ ID O\J TV&T; AJ.UU %#X JVTM. %,\f ^/va*«\« and see us ; ' and she drew her to a seat near the fire, in the grand old drawing room, where she kept solitary state each afternoon and evening. The warm embrace and the fire thawed Helen, and she began to feel comfortable. ' If the son is only half as pleasant as his mother,' she thought, ' I shall not object to the partial interment.' Some conversation followed ; blending with which, Helen's thoughts flowed in. the following undercurrent : ' I wonder if he has the look of his mother ? What a joke if I happen to like him, and turn the tablesi on tne girls! 1 suppose l shan't see him until dinner time, and then he will be reading a book. Tall, lean, grizzled !— that sounds horrible. Bohert Hilton entered the drawing room shortly afterwards, and on an intro duction being effected, Helen took a seat, while Mr. Hilton remained standing, in no way bashful, but so very pre-oceupied with dead subjects as to leave the living As soon as 8he dared, Helen raised her eyes and glanced at him. u Unmistakably tall, lean, and grizzled,' she thought ; 'but not quite so bad as I expected. Good eyes, if they could be brought to look about him, instead of into remote ness, fcrood ieatures, but tumoiea nair, all falling about anyhow, as if no one ever smoothed it. What a pity he shuts him self up!' Dinner was announced, and Mrs. Hil ton said : ?' Will you let Bobert take you in to dinner, my dear ? You must excuse me joining you, but X am obliged to live by rule.— -Now, Bobert, take care of her.' Thus saying, she strove to draw them together, a most thankless task, for, Helen hung on fo'Tfoe reluctant arm by the tips of her fingers with an amount of nervousness which made the weH-nigh chrbWc blush on her face turn' deep crimson. ?'..?' ^Hiey ^at/dpwp' to table in solemn silence, 3^S*. Hilton, from .the force of habit, turned to find his place in the imaginary volume at bis side, and then remembered he had a human book sitting near it might be worth his while perusing.' He glanced up, searched for words, and came to a dead nause ; for what on earth tods there to talk about ? Young women w era a genus he. had never studied . since TTnirersifcy 4aysJ they were a study lie had shelved with dress clothes, as being 'terribly out of his line,' thinking- at the time of the truth of St. Crysostom's defi nition of women, who pronounces them, one and -all, to be ' a necessary evil, a natural temptation, a desirable calamity' — here he paused, for he declined thinking the present 'calamity' sitting near at all '. desirable ; ' quite the . reverse—' a domestic peril, a deadly fascination, and a painted ill.' Ah, yes ; Chrysostom was a man of sense and experience, evi dently. Poor Helen was equally miserable ; sipped her soup, to prolong the necessity for keeping her head lowered. /' One of us must begin,' she thought ; ' this silence is overpowering.' At last — ' I think you know iny friends, tlm TVnrcots?' 'Slightly,' he replied, putting his elbows on the table while waiting to be further fed. He was of that rare order of men who eat, asking no questions, anything put before them. Just the sort of man, women, with a view to acomfortr able hereafter in housekeeping, ought to cultivate above all others. 'They are very nice girls,' she re marked. 'Possibly. I know nothing about girls.' 'You don't visit much, I think ? ' she again ventured. ' No ; I am thankful I find something better to do' and ha pushed the unkempt hair from his forehead, and closed his eves, as if to clear his brain of the rHstiirbinp1 nossihilifcv of Riich a fate, of which the present was a taste not at all to his liking. The servant placed a dish btfore him, which excused them for again lapsing into happy silence. Thus the dinner passed off, save for a few spasmodic at tempts at conversation like tlie previous. And at the .finish, never were two people so glad to get rid of each other as Helen Cameron and her extraordinary com panion. Mr. Hilton did not appear again that night, although -he usually kept his mother company for a portion of every evening, after a silent fashion. Helen gave him up as hopeless. She had failed to win the least courtesy from him ? and there are few things a woman resents like a tacit avowal that she is poweriess to attract. The two weary day?; each worse than the other for dreari ness, camo to an end at last. With a light heart, she retired to her bed on Thursday night, and gladly looked for ward to the morrow. ' I'll describe him to the girls as the most impassible mon ster it was ever mv lot to become ac quainted with.' With buoyant alacrity, she rose next morning, unmindful of the cold, which was piercing; slipping her feet into a pair of warm slippers, she went to the window to raise the blind. O horror! What she had feared from the ' feeling ' of the cold night before, was realised. A deep mantle of snow covered the ground. (To be continued.') 