Gas. — What would tho Rookhampton Gns consumers say to a stato of things liko tlio following, ns dapiatcd by a Now Zealand paper: — " A singular caso of datnagos against tho Gas Company, at Groymouth, is likely to bo iioaril shortly, if not amicably Bottled boforo roaoliing court. It nppours tliat ou uiiu uvuiuug uuruig iiiu prcsouu month tho _ Gns Company had not sufficiently purified tho gns, anil so filthy was tho smoko whioh loft tho flnmo that in ono instanoo nt least tlio paper-hangings on tlio wall and coiling, togolhor witli tlio mouldings, were rendered quito dark in colour in tlio courso of a few hours. It has thoroforo beon con tended thnt tliu Gas Company is liable for tlio damngo and an application to that effect lias already boon mado to Us dirootors. Two Ladies Lost on Mount TAnitANQowER. — A. correspondent from Maldon writes to tho Mount Alexander Mail as follows : — "Onoue of the darkest nights during last wcok, when tlio Gold, was intense, and tho rain literally coming down iti buokotfuls, two ladies got lost on .Mount Tarraugowor, amidst tbo orcvasos nnd gullies which cross and rccross one another in an incxtricnblo confnsion, nnd whioh aro comparatively yot unexplored in thnt vicinity. It nppears a lady nnd lior sorvant had started awny during tho dny in search of a cow which had beon missing for somo timo, aud aftor wandoring about horo nnd thoro, tlio "slindos of night" camo on, and to their horror thoy found themselves far from homo, dreuoliod to tho skiu and minus thoir boots, which had been lost in a mud-hole in trying to cxtrioato thoir feet. After climbing scvoral hills, and descending stoop gtillios, to tlio iminont danger of their livos, tlioy, to thoir iutenso vcliof, descried n a glimmer of light through tho gloom audrnin, nud hastened to tlio boaoou, whioh tlioy found prorcedod from n lantern hnng onn wl.im. Aftor getting closer tlioy woro afraid to make tlioin- solvos known, not knowing what kind of cha racters wore near. The boy at tlio whim socing, as lie imagined, two clindows flitting abont ou tlio range, onllad the attention of tho man at tho brace, who told tho hoy to go and soo who thoy wero. Tlio latter, probably thinking of ghosts, Indians, or bushrangers, iloclincd. Tlio braaoman then wont, nud aftor hearing thoir pitiful tale, immodiatoly put thom on tho right road for homo, whioh they reached without furtlior mishap. Had thoy wandered about tho Mount tho wholo night, I might havo had a far worso story to rotate." 