THE DESTITUTE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. The reporter of the Ary us gives a very long account of the destitute German immigrants at Major Plains. After describing the state of affairs, which is bad enough, though not quite so bad as represented, and the particulars of .their arrival , in the colony, the reporter says:—“ While this had' been going oil, the men, who had been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they were interrogated as to their condition. They admitted that there was ao money amongst them,- and that there was nothing but a'little flour-left in the camp, hut they were in hopes of gutting some more from, the mill on credit to carry them on until, they gathered their harvest. They -had', but very little meat; their principal ‘food being damper. They would be very glad of a little"assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exercised ' over them by the, woman_Maria Heller, they refused to give any information, until at last one voluble little man stated, that he was her stepfather.- He was at once pounced upon and led far away from his companions, and submitted'to a'series, of questions. ;He.said,-^ My >name •• isHarl.Soholtze. I am 56 years of age. I consider.myself the stepfather of Maria Holler. She is 83 years of age. I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead. ,1 have known her about five years. I knew her at Jhor danton, near Hainau, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the" law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without' givingmdtice to the authorities; but what were we to do? We-can not speak English. The notices of -the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl ißerndt. We also sent him the othar five notices, but h'e refused; to send them on. Maria does npt interfere incases of’ sickness. We could not send for a doctor, because wo had no money. Ho doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not, much food. I think if some of those who are dead had had good • food they would not have died so soon. ■ I do not know how often Maria has these trances. She had.one last night. Ido not know whether she received any mes sage from heaven. We left Silesia to come hero-becauso wo were commanded to do so -by the Almighty.’ While this conversation was going on Maria had re covered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain revelations that would hot suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across.to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained of'seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and- death. She is a woman about 5 feet in height, and looks about -40 years of age, although only owning to 33\. She is far.’ from prepossessing in appear ance. In fact, she is • the most ill-favored of the whole community. She has a low retreat ing forehead, shaded by • heavy masses; of Coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows; and generally a' suspicious uneasy appearance; Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual; She has a massive lower jaw l . Without ■ waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows: —‘Ihavo had these trances since childhood. I don’t know what happens to me when I am in them. I believe the Lord speaks to me then.! I only know that the Lord'has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and .(excitedly) I deny that I was ever mar ried, or had anything to do with men. I don’t attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don’t try to prevent them going to work. _ The'only thing I try to do is'to keep , them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I; am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that, the Almighty often speaks to me,! j This.; closed, the- conversation, ‘ and * she was advised not -to give way to these fits too much, as, they might ultimately lead to her separation from 1 her friendsj and incarceration in’ the- Beechworth Asylum. A desire having been expressed to see the place where: the bodies were 1 buried, the’ party were. taken to, the j ground which had been set apart as a cemetery, and there found eight graves very, roughly made :and finished. It was stated that-the bodies were only buried 5 feet deep, but as the' law requires 9 feet to; be the minimum depth,, and the soil there is very, light and porous, it; is probable, that the . police will have to take some action in the matter. Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the state ments into consideration, came to the conclusion that it was his duty, to order a certain quantity of provi sions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meat, ,flour K tea,'Bugar.potatoea, &0., to bo supplied to them',' so'asto carrythetii ' over the harvest, for which'they* appeared 'very thankful;' J ln fact, it was ' quite si-pleasure ’to watch thcfaccs of 'thocliildreii as ,they iiitenied to, W the interpreter; it . was although they did not show it, that a good -substantial meal had been a stranger to them fpt a‘long .time past.” j 