SPECIALITIES. EDITING a newspaper in Brisbane is, as everybody knows, a pleasant apology for laziness. An editor has nothing in the world to do except amuse himself. He sits in his office twiddling his thumbs, and languidly diverting himself jotting down a leading article, while he waits for people to look in and chat with him. And they come with obliging readiness, and relieve him from any danger of a tedious exuteuce. Poets drop in, burning with divine fire, and drunk with the strong waters of Helicon. They offer to recite a little thing in eighty-seven stanzas, entitled " On a Water Melon," and only refrain on receiving an assurance that anything of theirs in certain to require deliberate and thoughtful perusal, in order that its assured d«f»th of thought and breadth of imagery umy be fully comprehended, Gentlemen with grievances present themselves, and labor under an impression that to make the matter plain it is necessary to commence with the history of thwir grandfather's cow, as illustrating the more recent circumstance that their own cow obsti nately refuses to bail up—that being thegriev anee. While they discourse, " our own corre fclioudent" from Peddliugabba sends in his card, nnd expresses his feelings nt being kept waiting, by scuffling his feet and thumping his umbrella outside. Cotmcious that the paper owes what ever vitality it possesses to his masterly pen, he rages that so important a contributor as he should be treated with indignity, shakes the dust off his number twelve boots, and writes no more, leaving us the wreck we now are for want of his contributions. He is succeeded as a caller by an original genius with a novel in manuscript covering three reams of fooUcap—written on both aides, as a matter of course—which he desires may be perused then and there, praised on the spot, and forthwith exchanged for a cheque for a hundred guineas. These diver sions are cheerfully varied by the author of a rejected letter, which contained only about eight distinot libels on eight different and worthy in dividuals, who wants to know why it has not appeared, and is anxious to argue the question for an hour or two. He has to give place, how ever, to thirteen consecutive advisers, who, having an hour or two to spare, thought they would "just call and suggest" thirteen totally antagonistic principles upon which they pro nounce that the paper must in future be con ducted if it would escape annihilation and con tempt. It will be perceived from this that run ning » journal in Queensland is a pleasant form of relaxation. Things are not so comfortable in Peru. An editor in that country had a trifling difficulty to surmount lately. He had written something which jarred some of the finer chords Which vibrate in the bosoms of the police, and an inspector called with two constables the next morning. These guardians of the peace ex pressed their sentiments in a marked manner— the marks were black and blue. Not content with this, they endeavored to make the unhappy man swallow his own newspaper. In this they did not succeed. There was probably some* thing in it which no one could swallow, as Cabnolo remarked respecting Mr. Hemmant's cash balance. Failing in this, the inspector shot the editor in the stomach, with a result which bore testimony to the bringing up of the latter. A bullet in the stomach is an article few editors can appreciate, and this proved to be the solitary instance of a journalist objecting to more than 41 one insertion." We tnißt Commissioner Sey mour will not be seised with a desire to imitate the Peruvian official. We have, we confess, made~fil-considered remarks with regard to stray cows. We withdraw them, we apologise, and hope to escape a visit from the Commissioner and two of his biggest constables. We could not stomach our own paper, and have no desire to try the effect of our gastric juice on revolver bullet*, Teapots have of late almost takes the place of Shakespeare in public amusements in Bris bane, and teapot drama has prospered as the Shakesperian never did. Talent has found a new avenue to success. It has no longer been a question as to a performer's personal abilities ; the quality and quantity of the plated-ware he could exhibit has been decisive of his or her acceptability. Sceuery has gone out of vogue at the BRme time. Act 1., scene 1, curtain rises and discovers a teapot, and the applause is deafening. The play turns upon a pivot of miscellanies. We have seen in former days, on the stage, performances which left much for the imagination to supply; latterly the audience has only to draw upon the fancyg—uods. An impressivo delivery, a power of humorous delineation, goes for little now-a-days. Intelligent audiences flock to ad mire an artiste's coffee pot, to criticise the scope of his or her pickles, and to roar over the humors of a bar of soap. Comedy is represented by the allotment to a spruce gentleman of a 2cwt. bag of flour, and the audience is convulsed by the genial wit involved in the presentation to a blushing shoemaker of a tin of sardines. There is at least the charm of novelty in this intel lectual form of entertainment, and we don't see why it should not be wedded to the legitimate drama. The Ghost in " Hamlet" might come on, for instance, cased in plated—electro-plated— armor; a dish-cover for breastplate, a coal-scuttle for helmet, a nodding plume of feather-dusters, and its features pallid with a sample of the flour. He might carry penholders in hia ears, and have specimen slippers on bis feat In speaking the lines he could exhibit the articles somewhat thus :—" I am thy father's spirit" " Number 97, ome bottle MorteU's brandy ; yours, Miss ? Hand the bottle to that young lady." " Thy kuotted and combined locks to part." " No. 88, a patent combination lock. Pass the lock to that gentle man at the back, please." " And each particular hair to stand on end, like quills upon the fretful porcupine." " Porcupine quill penholder, No. 27. Now, don't keep us waiting, please; who has ticket 27?" "List, list, oh list!" "Pair of list slippers to that old lady, No. 40. " Score off No. 40, will you, Hamlet" " And duller shouldn't thou be than the fat weed." " Fig of tobnccer, No. 9. A fig for the young woman, there." " But, soft; methinks I scent the morn ing Anir." " No. 22, bottle of superior perfumed 'air Aoil. Come forward, please, and take it in your 'and." Combiued thus with the higher drama, no one could complain. A word of warning. Some paltry thieves have been filching valuable plants from the Botanical Gardens, and several young ladies have been surreptitiously plucking flowers. We warn both classes of offenders that precautions have been taken to prevent a repetition of the offence* The Curator has taken measures to protect the property entrusted to his charge. He has scat* tered through the gardens some awful appliances disguised as attractive plants. We would have the culprits consider what would be their Buf ferings if they meddled with these. Let young ladies reflect what would be their embarassment if, plucking a handsome flower, they found that they clasped in reality a ferocious rhodendron virginalia —had placed in their hair a bloodthirsty Euphoria Utchi—haA decorated their waist-belt with a writhing iaoitandra gutta— or held a dread ful anona squmosa under their delicate nostrils. They could never again hold up their heads in Bociety. People would exaggerate, of course, and make things appear worso than the real facts. Before a week had passed it would be currently reported at half the tea-tables of Brisbane that they had a depraved taste for such things as glcyrrhva c/labra, anona rttieutata, or even dior pros kaki. Let them but snip a bit of red pen dant fruit, and teiwto one they would find they were entrapped by a caprit cuinota, the effect of which would be a report that they had been noticed cutting fine "capers" in the Gardens. We trust that our fair readers will be warned in time. As for the men who thieve from the Gardens, we foresee what will hap pen to them if they go on. They will catch piprum nigtr, they will get their heads all caryphillua aromatiau, and, unless they stop their thieving, will one day find their necks entangled in erototaria juncea. We have all heard of the Spartan boy, who hid a stolen fox under his robe, and suffered agonies from its fangs, while he strove to conceal it; but that would be nothing to the torments of a Queens land larrikin, with an aeeer palmatum sangnineum stowed under his jacket. This warning should be plain enough. Anothib, grand 100 party 1 Jarkworthy and Co. suspended this time. Liabilities, £185,072 16s. 4d.; assets, £27,163 2s. Bd. The Royal Ethereal Bank " looed" for £40,000 or so, on trade bills and overdraft, besides many another minor party who ventured to out in at this nice little round game of commerce and speculation. We can't make it out at all. We went to school with Jarkworthy—" Jark," we used to call him then. He was always at the bottom of the class and we at the top, and he was sweeping out an office when we were dux of the college. Catch the directors of the " Royal Ethereal," for all that, letting u« overdraw half a soy.! Directors, indeed! Why, whenever our butcher and baker have a matter of thirty shillings down on the slate against us, it infallibly occurs, by the strangest possible coincidence, that those worthy lieges have a " little account to make up," and ask us to help them over it, which, of course, we always do. We used to wonder how Jarkworthy did it—how he managed, without brains or edu cation, to inspire astute boards of directors with such implicit confidence. To be sure, bis book keepers were Greek and German, and marvels of debtor and creditor precision; but thatalone would never have done the trick; one day, however, we paid a visit to Jark'B town place, and we took it all in at a glance. It wot hit white waistcoats that did the butinas / No human board of direc tors could ever stand them. Such expansive triumphs of enamelled snow, such marvels of clear-starching, were surely never seen; and, coupled with a little delicate unobtrusive bit of filigree gold watch chain, with hands and filbert naus a miracle of conservancy; a ten guinea " Sir Robert Peel" blue frock coat, grey pants, and costly black hat, ct voild tout. "Jark" was a genius in his way, and made his mark in the world by the sole aid of these externals. Who could doubt a man with Buch waistcoats ? They would inspire confidence, and pass where the Bank of England itself would be scrutinised; he has nine sons, and he intends to bring them all up to be " Jarkworthy's," and teach them to wear white waistcoats and costly blue frock coats, and make their way in the world, like our Napoleonic schoolfellow did, to position and fortune. Remember always, dear reader, to look up your white waittcoatt, whatever you do. The traffic earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending Sep tember 18 are as follow :—Pwaenger fares, £761 4s. lid ; goods and live stock, £1605 16a. 6d, ; parcels and miscellaneous, £76 14s. lid. ; total, £2443 16s. 4d. As compared with the corre sponding week of last year, this shows an increase under each of the headings as follows :—Passen ger fares, £244 6s. Bd.; goods and live stock, £40 15s. 9d. ; parcels and miscellaneous, £14 4s. 7d. ; total increase, £299 6s. The total amount received daring the present year up to date is £75,421 158. lOd.; which, in comparison with the corresponding period of last year, shows an increase of £6225 7s. 6d. 