FORM OF PRAYER Suggested for private or family use for divine aid to the labours of those appointed to select a new Bishop of Melbourne : — ' Almighty God, the giver of all good gifts, who of Thy divine providence has appointed divers orders in Thy Holy Church, we pray Thee to look mercifully upon that branch of it which is in the diocese of Mel bourne. Specially we pray for those who may be called to choose a fit person to be our Bishop ; that Thou, Lord, who knowest tha hearts of all men, wouldst show to them whom Thou has chosen to suuueeu iu mis luiijisuj iiuu Hpusuir.suijj. x utujr uy xijjk jj.uijMoyii.iu their hearts from whatever motives may lead their judgment astray. Give them simplicity of mind to desire only Thy glory and the good i of Thy people. Keep them loyal to the apostolic and truly catholio faith. Let Thy wisdom direct them in all methods which they use for accomplishing the object of their special calling. Give to them patience, that they be neither quickly discouraged nor hasty in determination ; and so bless their godly labours that there may be set over us one after Thine own heart — full of the Holy Ghost and of faith — who shall hold Thy people committed to his charge with a faithful and true heart, and rule them prudently with all his power. So that all Thy people and sheep of Thy pasture shall give Thee thanks for ever. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Head over all things to the church, who, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, ever one God, world without end. Amen.' \- -:-?::.? ?'. ?. ? ? ?? ? ? .:.. Courage is always greatest when blended with meekness; I intellectual ability is most admirable when, it sparkles in the jj setting of a modest self-distrust ; and never does the human soul I appear so strong as -when it foregoes revenge and dares to | forgive an enemy. f It is a fact that God's care is more evident in some instances | of it than in others to the dim and often bewildered vision of | humanity. Upon such instances men seize, and call them 1 providences. It is well that they can ; but it is gloriously better | if they could believe that the whole matter is one grand provi- | dence. — George Macdonald. | A man may preach from false motives. A man may write | books, and make fine speeches, and seem diligent in good works, | and yet be a Judas Iscariot. But a man seldom goes into his I closet, and pours out his soul before God in secret, unless he is | in earnest. The Lord Himself has set His stamp on prayer as I the best proof of a true conversion. When he sent Ananias to I Saul in Damascus, He gave him no other evidence of hia change^ 1 of heart than this— 'Behold, he prayeth.' I I 