X)UB ME LB O URNS LETTER (FEO^-OmOW*T COP.RESPO YD®N,T 3 * Wednesday evening Politically I note nothing new, except the decided antagonistic tone -taken by the, "Age" ^vlieu writing about the Government This does not bode well for tl e present Go Termnenr, for the "Age 1 is generally ci edited with knowing how the cat jumps As the meeting of Parliament draws near the iuteiest increases, and the attendance -on. the opening day h ill be veij large One of the fust things that will be brought against the Government will be f if I mistake not, the gonento job Neailyall thetaiembers of the Cabinet have seaside residences at that beautiful spot* and it is remarkable the amount of money that has been expended by the Government 111 beautifying Sorrento, in making roads and all that kind of thing, while othei and more deseiving localities •wcie neglected. Coming from the remnants of a Ministry 'nhicli turned Duffy out for Corruption this is, * to say the least of it, equivocal. Sir John O'Shanassy will stand for Ararat I behe\ e, that is if Carroll-will resign Canoll, by the bye, will be at liberty about,. Saturday next, and it is said : that he has a good ground of defence, although it passes understanding bow he can to e" the ghost of a chance. It is a very ijjvsterious business altogether. The first note of political > agitation has been sounded in the city. The Progressive Laud Tar League intend to hold a monster' meeting at an early date, and another association of the same kind, at the head of which is Mr. J. J. Walsh, are on the move. Possibly we may be aroused from our lethargy, but I fear... .the, .trumpets now: Bounded are too weak , and treble in their notes to have the deemed results. Commend to me the life of a metropolitan mayor. True he wears the civic,purple only for oae short; year, but if he were to u ear it longer I question if liis lease of life •would be very prolonged. : < Our present Mayor is great in festivities; and he sueds the glorious vintage of champagne' 1 most plentifully. A few. days since he gave a spread to a reporter on the " Telegraph" ; to-day at the head of the Corporation he opened the new road to Williamstown to the music of the popping of champagne corks. Jte municipal matters I may mention that t.lie mahtmen who were brought up for depositing that abomination m Pawkner Park, have received a nominal sentence 'at, the isupreme Court. The most serious-evidence adduced was that the hospital cart had been seeu going towards the Yarra. The horror and disgust at this disclosure was universal. 1 understand also that it is the custom m the dissecting room of the hospital to wash the viscera of deceased patients under the tap, the water thus polluted being allowed to How down into the heart of the city ? Can anything more revolting be imagined ? The police magistrates of the colony are now in a state of ferment. Mr. Sturt, who has tilled the senior position—that of presiding over the Melbourne City Court—is about to retire, and great is the excitement as to who will be his successor, all putting forward Claims. I believe Mr. Heron, of Castlemame, or Mr. Cogdon, of Sandhurst., will be the lucky persons. Jin pmsant, perhaps poor F. L. Smyth will drop m for a vacancy.. A good story is told about a person high m office. A constable was going the . rounds recently m one of our big streets in the early hours when he came across a bacchanalian couple who were smgmg certain, songs. Our bold civilian at once made a rush to run in - the pair, when the most inebriated ol theiii started bacK and cried out to the constable, Do you know who I am ?" The constable leoked closely into the speaker's face, and the glimpse so terrified him that he took to Ins heels ana fled. Who was the speaker ? They talk of extending the cemetery Mr. Casey, however, is abput to do something sensible, and to extend- it to a considerable distance. Tue Melbourne cemetery is now sir i roundedby streets and houses, and will soon: be ?n a similar |Josition to that old cemctery m Queen-street. I believe it is Mr;*©asey!s intention to proclaim a cemetery some 20 nines out of the city on one of the mam railway lines. This should have been done years ago. Banks appear to be paying well. The Bank of New South ft ales has declared the large dividend of 20 per. cent; the Oolomal Bank talks of restoring the 10s it wiote I oi m consequence of the losses over Hugh ] ' ilass ; affairs, and the City of Melbourne j Bank, a mere stripling, has declared 6 per cent dividend. Weechurch is determined to be notorious, it matters not how. He has recently reverted to a cuunmg device. • During the niglit. while in his cell he used to tie a bandage round his leg aud sit on a tub, causing the leg to swell. However, his little dodge was found. out^ and he will be watched well m future. A general break up in the weather has occurred. Another old colonist has departed this life. Mr. D. S. Campbell, well known as a principal member of the Melbourne Cricket Club, died this morning at Eichmond. Mr. Campbell was one of the oldest colonists, having been member for Eichmond m Parliament 20 years ago. William Batemau, insolvent^ of Warrnambool. was examined at the Insolvent Court today; but after some evidence, had been taken, the case was adjourned to have accounts filed. A great scandal has occurred at Beechworth. Mysterious rumours went- about town on Saturday, and the departure of Mr. Styles, manager of the Bank of Few bouth Wales, the inspector of that bank, and several others connected with the institution, for Beech worth, gave anideathat something was wrong. Their arrival at Beechwortn was followed by. the dismissal ot Mr. Bentley, the manager of the bank there, and Mr. Hughes, the accountant. The most painful suspense was manifested by the Beech-worth people, for Mr: Bentley was one of the most active and popular men in the town. 35?othmg definite is known up to this date, Messrs. Walsh and Allen," from the Melbourne. office, being in.charge of tthe bank. It is stated, however that money has been transferred from one account to the other, and that Mr. Bentlej* has paid ohe bad debts with his own cheque. Further, it is asserted that Mr. Btntley's assets have been seized by the bank. The pubkc of Victoria Are being continually scandalised by these exposures, the delinquents generally being men of previously iriepioachable character. Who can we trust ? We have not had much in the amusement way lately. Miss Amy Stone, the American" melodramatic actress, did not take at the 1 "Royal, and She is to bfe succeeded by JE D„ Davis, a wonderful ventriloquist. At the Opeia House, Offenbach continues in the ascendant, his ""Princess of Trebizonde" will be followed by "Da Perichole," considered one of his best productions. The Man Fish has jadded to his wonders bytalking under water. He goes "down into "the water, and answeis any question put so tbat he can bear and speak in that' ilement Commercially, matters .arer very dull indeed Flour sold at £1012s 6d , and h gheiS ites asked by jobbers Wheat has ranged fiom 4s <5d for inferior smutty 5s for pume samples , seed oat s 4 kerosene is firm at Is 3d. for Bnlhaut-and*, Is 2d for Diamond. Brandy is ©carce, and must Tise in price, there is no " Threes Star' m Sydney, and the whole consignment: J; * " La Grande Miuque " wassolChere queathang Tco^sijjkaffie medic sisssiissipsiisaa 