THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE ; OR, RECOLLECTIONS OF AN IRISH BOROUGH. By MRS. J. SADLIER. If CHAPTER Xiril.— (Continued,) | 'It is indeed, Nancy!-' said Miss Ack j land, now quite composed, and even cheer p ful— ' let us go in now and say our night ; , prayers. It is after nine o'clock.' | Next day, early in the afternoon, Giacomo * called, to say good-bye; he was going to I Dublin where he had not yet been, and as ms stay in Ireland was drawing to a close, he must, of course, see the metropolis before leaving. /And when you return from Dublin,' said Miss Ackland, « if you have still a few days to spare, we must take you to see Tara JlMl, where the Kings of Ireland dwelt of old, and Slane, another place of historic in :fe5?*i' W^k 80me iew. more wnicu combine «« a gen-dary an-* mstorical associations. And since you are so kind, my dear Miss Ackland, I should like to visit once again the place where that great battle was tought, up the river.' 'Oh ! you mean Oldbridge. Well ! we jowl .go there, too— I will ask Mr. Brodigan jo drive us there some day ; I know he will De happy to do so, for he is fond of doing | t&e; honours ;of our old town and the classic ! scenes around it.' fli -«acomo longed to ask who the officer was «S j ? ^Ued the day P^vious. He lin SS-u11! h°Pes-=hat some allusion might poss^iy be made to the subject, but he hoped WiT ; uot a word wa's said that could XSi f?1y his curi°sity, and he was compelled to leave in the same state of sns |! le' rei)de^d still more painful by the mm improvement iu Miss Acldand's spirits ; had the officer's visit any connec tion with her unwonted cheerfulness % Who was the officer ? could it have been Major Melville % These were the questions that troubled Giacomo's mind, and kept it in a tumult all unknown before, during the two hours' ride to the metropolis, on the top of a stage-coach— the Dublin and Drogheda Railway was then in the womb of *the future, perhaps undreamed of by mortal man. Whether he found as much to interest him in Dublin as he had hoped and expected, our friend had been only three or four days absent when he again presented himself in the parlour of the old house by the Boyne, to Miss Ackland's no small surprise, and to Rose's no small amusement. ' Well ! I declare,' said Rose, ' if here is not the Signor— -unless it be his ghost.' And she held up her hands in well-feigned amazement. ' Let me look at you ! —why, positively, it is himself, Aunt Lydia !' '* So I am glad to perceive, my dear, very glad indeed!' 'Well! but, where did you come from, Signor?' ' From the coach-office in West'street,' said Giacomo, a very little annoyed by her show of astonishment. ' Where else did you suppose I came from, Signorina P' ' Oh ! goodness knows ; from Leghorn, perhaps — or the Peak of Teneriffe, or some such outlandish place. But, seriously, what brought you back so soon % I suppose you didn't see much in Dublin to admire V u Well, not a great deal ; and then, being all alone, I found it rather dull work driving and walking around. I got tired to death of seeing that muddiest of rivers, the Liffey, everywhere I went, and the really fine build ings on some of the quays lost half their charms for me when I saw them reflected in those turbid waters.' ' Ha, ha !' laughed Rose, and she shook her head saucily ; ' the Liffey is very differ ent from the™ Boyne. Here you see ' the purest of crystal/ as well as ' the brightest of green.' ' ' But Dublin is a handsome city,' ob served Miss Ackland ; ' did you not think so, Giacomo ? The squares, for instance, are very fine, and one of them, Stephen's Green, very spacious. Then the public buildings are beautiful, at least many of them. But 1 fear you did not wait to see much of the city, or yet of its environs.' ' I confess I did not ; I begin to feel as though I ought to be at home, and as I pro mised to spend a few days in Drogheda bo fore leaving, I thought I would make no delay in Dublin. When can we go to Old bridge, Miss Ackland V \- 'To-morrow, if you like; as it will be Saturday — our demi-conge — we shall have the afternoon to ourselves, Rose and I, and we shall go this evening and see if Mr. Bro digan can come. Stay and have tea with us, and we can all go together ; they will be glad to see you.' 'Giacomo stayed, nothing loth, and as school was not yet dismissed, he went down to the river side for a quiet stroll. When he returned it was almost tea-time ; the ladies were in the garden, and thither he went to find them. There was a cloud on his usual calm brow which rather surprised the ladies, and Rose was tempted to ask what had happened, but on second thought she did not, and went on making up her nosegay, singing-—' Love was once a hunter boy.' Giacomo. threw himself moodily on a rustic bench hard by. ' Miss Ackland,' said he, ' who do you think I met down below ?' ' I am sure I cannot tell, Giacomo ! Who was it1?' ' Why, that Major Melville ; he was riding along with another officer, and he stared at me as though I had two heads on me, or some other monstrosity. I wonder why he honours me with so keen a scru tiny.' ' Oh ! my dear Giacomo, you only imagine it,' said Miss Ackland in perfect good faiih ; ' why should he look at you more than anyone else ?' ' That's ]ust what I intend to ask him at our next meeting ; as for my only imagining that he watches me closely, I assure you, it is no such thing, Miss Ackland. But I'm determined to know why he takes the liberty of staring at me.' ?' And if you do,' said Rose, ' he will probably tell you that a cat may look at a king. I advise you to let Major Melville alone.' ' You do 1 Well, I shall not take your advice, Miss Rose, on this occasion. I shall take my own.' '? Very well ! do as you please !' ' You appear to know more of this gen tleman, Miss Rose, than you choose to tell.' ' Not I, indeed — I never exchanged half a dozen words with him '?' then she gaily carolled forth— ' Oh if I had a beau For a woldier who'd go, Do you think I'd say no ? No, not I.' ' I wisli I were a soldier.' thought Gin como, as lie watched the blithe and graceful creature bounding along the garden walks. in search of her favourite flowers — ' who knows what my chances might be then !' Nancy's voice was now heard, and her picture-like face seen at the backdoor of the hall, announcing that tea was ready. The meal being over, our trio proceeded, as pre-arranged, to Mr. Brodigan's, where their unexpected arrival, was hailed, as usual, with sincere cordiality. Cusack was there, too, and so was a certain Mr. Bellew, a new pretender to the hand of Miss Brodi gan, senior ; on hearing of the intended visit to Oldbridge and Donore, they both proposed to be of the party. ' Yes,' said Mrs. Brodigan, never more at home than in getting up excursions, and picnics, and all such rural entertainments, ' yes, and we'll bring our dinner with us ; I'il have all ready by the time Miss Ackland gets rid of her scholars — weary on them for scholars ; but it's hard to be tied down to them, especially the like of Miss Ackland and Miss Rose !' '? I appreciate your kind sympathy, my dear Mrs. Brodigan,' said Miss Ackland with her grave sweet smile, ' but you must not say anything against my pupils — I assure you I was very glad to get them, and I should find it hard to get along without them. Eveiy one cannot be rich, or the same person always in good circumstances ; we had our turn of prosperity, and I solemnly declare I am jusi; as happy now, and go, I am sure, is Rose. It is not fortune that either of us regrets in our past.' There was a deep pathos in her voice that suffici ently conveyed her meaning, and more than one of her auditors, even those all unused to the melting mood, turned away to hide the tear that would come, to the cherished memory of him who had been as a patriarch in their genial circle. Next day the sun shone out in the goige ous splendour of the long midsummer day ; early in tho afternoon, our party set out on their pleasant drive up the river side to the picturesque and storied heights of Oldbridge, where, for an hour or two, they wandered through those romantic scenes so suggestive of serious thought, so rich in their associa tions. Giacomo was delighted with all he saw ; the gloomy grandeur of King Wil liam's Glen, through whose wooded depths William of Orange led himself his hardy veterans from the Rhine against the brave but ungeneralled Irish army on the opposite bank. He was shown the identical spot where Caillemote, the leader of the French Huguenots, fell descending the heights, and Duke Schomberg in mid- stream leading his command across the ford ; and George Walker, famous for his defence of Derry. 'Irish gunners aimed well,' said Mr. Bro digan, 'and they would have taken higher aim still, only for the chicken-hear^ that was in that James Stuart — faugh ! I don't, won der at the name that Irish tongues put on him after— the poor, pitiful poltroon. You must know, Signor Giacomo, that in the thick of the battle, an Irish gunner came to tell him that he Had King William under cover, and could shoot him dead in a minute, if he only gave the word. ' Oh !' says the old hen-wife of a man, ' would you leave my daughter a widow V So the gunner did not shoot, but he fired no more he was so dis gusted.' Giacomo could not view the king's con duct in the same light as Mr. Brodigan ; he thought him !m6rejentitled' to respect than to censure for his tenderness of heart, but, seeing the good man so full of indignation against the unfortunate monarch, his kept his mind to himself, and. turned to admire the stately obelisk, the ornament of the Glen, hewn out of a massive rock, to commemorate the success of William's arms, and the de feat of the too chivalrous and devoted Irish who fought the battle for James, and lost it by his miserable incapacity. Giacomo sighed as he read the inscription on the obelisk — Sacred to the Glorious Memoby of King William, the Thir o, &c.; He thought of the heroic devotion of the ' Popish army' mentioned in it, to a prince who, by all accounts, was so little worthy of the sacrifices they made for him — a prince who was not of their own blood, but be longed, on the contrary, to a race who had never given Ireland aught but promises, broken as soon as made — a prince who had nothing in common with those so faithful followers but the religion he and they pro fessed. Yet they sacrificed all for him, those true-hearted sons of Catholic Ireland, who erred only in trusting an English Stuart. It was on the hill of Donore, overlooking the Glen, on the southern or Meath side, that our party dined, just without the boundaries — walled nolonger — of the ancient graveyard, from whose church, even then in ruins, King James is said by tradition to have watched the progress of the battle, and witnessed the extinction of his last hope in the final defeat of the Irish army. The scene was grand and solemn as the associa tions connected with ' it ; the deep, dark glen, with its shelving sides thickly wooded, the bright river running in its midst far helow, and the graceful obelisk standing bulflly ..' o\it fn'iii f]ii- ,;-r-.v.ii woods at til o lower opening of the glen ; ihc hili of Donore, from which our party looked down on the river and the valley, and close beside them the deserted grave-* yard with its sunken tombs, and long, tangled grass, and the little that remains of the ancient church, pointing back to a period long anterior to the Reformation. On a tombstone near the ruins, James was said to have sat, watching the terrible struggle going on below— how appropriate a seat for the fallen monarch whom even his nearest of kin. had deserted !. Oh, the' place was, drear, and sad. and lonely; and yet it. had so many attractions for Giacomo, there was such an indefinable blending of old romance and ever-youthful beauty, such a cloud of his torical and legendary interest hung over the the place, that he thought he could have stayed there for ever, provided the same com pany, or part of it, was there to enjoy it with him— and he, perhaps others, too, of the party, left it with regret.' CHAPTER XV. ; ?;? Those few pleasant days passed all too quickly;. Giacomo came one afternoon to say that he was ordered home immediately, and he added with a smile, ' Delays are never excusable with my father, so, go I must, without fail.' '., Miss Ackland, summoned from the school room to receive his visit, expressed herself much disappointed. ' I had planned so much,' said she, ' and have accomplished so little in the way of entertaining you, and now it is all over !' ' My dear, kind friend,' the young man replied with unwonted emotion, ' it was the best of all entertainments to me to com« and go here at pleasure, to. en joy, when I would, the calm delight of a quiet evening in your society, and that of—of Miss Rose.' ( ' And yet,' said Miss Ackland smiling, ' I am afraid Rose gave you some annoyance of late by her girlish waywardness.' ' None but what I could easily overlook — in her.' . ' You are very kind and very indulgent,' said Miss Ackland ; ' oh ! how much I shall miss you !' — and her eyes filled with tears—* ' somehow, it seemed to me as though you were a sort of link between me. and some long-lost phase of my existence that was pleasant while it lasted— what it was that at tracted me to you I never could satisfactorily explain to myself — but there was something from the very first— something, I fancy, like what mothers feel for very dear children only not quite so strong, I suppose !' and she smiled through her tears. ' It is very strange,' said Giacomo, after a short pause, ' that I have been attracted to you, my kindest, dearest friend, in just the same way, and, like you, I have many a time tried to explain it . to myself, but never could succeed. Would that your country was mine, or mine yours!' , : , ' Wishes are vain, my dear young friend — we must only resign ourselves to the hard necessity that places broad seas between us ! We cannot have things as we would wish in this probationary world ! Should you not like to see Rose V' ' Certainly I should — just for a moment to eay good-bye; if Rose can be spared so long from the school-room.' A soarcely per ceptible smile accompanied these last words, but Miss Ackland was gone, and, of course, did not perceive it. A minute or two after Rose made her ap« pearance ; she looked as usual, only better, Giacomo thought, in the plain morning calico dress which she wore in the schoolroom, with the prettiest and tiniest of black siik aprons. She was perfectly calm, even subdued in her demeanour — her schoolroom manner, Gia como said to himself. ' So you are really going home, Signor ?' she said on entering. ' Yes, my father wishes me to return as soon as possible.' ' And I suppose we shall see you no more ?' still more calmly than before. 'I really cannot say as to that: if ifc should be so, the sorrow, fortunately wwill be my own.' ' Pray do not say so, Signor Giacomo !' said Rose with unwonted earnestness ; ' you know, I am sure, how much my aunt likes to have you near to her, and how she, at least, will miss you !' ... ? . ' She has been good enough to tell me so— ? and, indeed, I shall miss her.' He paused a moment, walked to the win dow, and returned to where he had been standing, then looked full in Rose's face. ' Should we never meet again, Signorina, I wish you to understand that you have my best wishes for your happiness ;' if you are as happy in the future as I wish you, you need desire no more.' '* Dear me ! what a solemn affair you make of it !' exclaimed Rose, in a tone of good natured raillery ; ' I'm sure I never doubted your good wish to all our family, Signor Gia como ; and I'm sure we all wish you just as well as you do us. But where the' use of making your good-bye so tiagical? I sup-- pose we shall meet again some day.' ' A?v you we* sorry to part with any one, i\liss Kose V (Tobe continued.) .«-..„. M 