THE STAGi; There is one fact connected with the present season at the Opera-house that speaks volumes in favour of Miss Emilie Melville, aud offers a most convincing proof of the firm position in which she has established herself in the esti- mation ot the theatre-going section of the public. During the past three weeks, which are re cognised and accepted by managers as the dullest of the theatrical year, when, owing to the Christmas holidays, people make a point of absenting themselves from places of amusement, when old stock pieces and operas are placed on the stage merely to get through the time, when treasurer's occupy a portion of their leisure in estimating income and expenditure re the new piece, and when everyone connected with the theatre is occupied at rehearsal during all this usually dull period, the Opera-house has been nightly occupied by crowded audiences, and so far as Miss Melville is concerned, each succeeding has testified its approval of her clever acting and singing in the best and most emphatic maimer possible, by pouring money into the coffers. I hope Miss Melville is pleased with the result, although I know she has a feeling for her beauti ful art above merely pecuniary considerations ; I feel sure Mr. Lyster is satisfied, at least, if I may judge by the extra curl noticeable in his left-hand moustache, a sure sign to those who know him ; the public are thoroughly content, and so there is mutual happiness. In the great majority of instances your fickle theatre-goer gets very tired of a star, after say a month's ex perience. Miss Melville is in her third month, and she is better liked, aud far more popular than ever. I apprehend that only the possession of sterling qualities could have enabled her to maintain herself so firmly on her pedestal, and I not only congratulate the brilliant liittle lady on the possession of those qualities, but the public as well upon having her iu their midst. There is a clear fresh atmosphere redolent of the lady and the artist in every fresh impersonation she undertakes ; she comprehends in an instant those minute differences that are so essential to the indi vidualising of each separate performance ; conse quently she is always successful. She may be less good in one opera than another, but she never disappoints, and it may be taken for granted that she will leave this country with one of the very firmest and lronestest reputations ever acquired. During the past week "The Lily of Killarney," "The Grand Duchess," " Girofle- Girofla," " Bohemian Girl," " Madame Angot," " Maritana, " and "La Jolie Par- funieuse have been given in rapid succession. The season will not finish until Christmas Eve, and on Christmas night Miss Melville and the company will make their appearance in oratorio. On Boxing night the pantomime — about which I am not at present at liberty to say anythino- will be presented for the first time, and then there will bearunof crowded houses for a time. Takm<ritall through, I think that proprietors, manager, and star will be equally satisfied with the results of what now must he designated as the past season. At the Theatre Royal there was a revival on Monday night of Tom Taylor's great play, " The Ticket of Leave Man." This return to the legitimate business of the leading theatre must be looked upon with satisfaction by the public, after what it has been compelled to put up with at the liartris nf f?iA 7af cfv (\ j_y _ v"v \ » / uvV/Ujjttui ui tile boards there. At all events it was pleasant to see Miss Carey, Jenny Bryce, Mrs. Bryer, Messrs Harwoodj Appleton, O'Brien, Dampier, and others back in tbeir proper places, playing parts, and speaking what is not absolutely outrageous in its improbabilities, stupid in its incohereney, and relevant to nothing particular. The " Ticket of Leave Man was played up to TV ednesday night, when the theatre closed. It will not be opened again until Boxing night, and in tlie lneatime preparations, (the management says stupendous ones) are to he made for the pro duction of the grand Christmas panto mime. It is to be hojred something will be done this year in the way of cleaning the house, fur bishing up the decorations, and, if possible, doing soinetlmig with the flame-coloured fur nishings of the dress-circle. On a hot night these latter are unpleasantly suggestive of the probable termination to the careers of wretched, sinful playgoers ; and if I had a voice in the council of managers, I should object to such a continual warning being held up to the notice of those who attend the house. It has a terrifying effect, particularly on the treasurer's coffers. Little Baby Benson and a strong company J have, since Saturday last, been re -occupying the Apollo-halL Although tlie weather has been unpleasantly hot, large houses have been the rule, and when it is stated that the conipairjr consists of Baby Benson, Jennie Benson, Minna Berton, Beaumont Read, Edward Farley, Awata Catnoshin (Japanese juggler), J. Fish, and Har- court Lee, it can be easily understood that a sJ rtn 1 i>>£ « money has ueen taken. Miss Minna Berton is the only one of the company not familiar to the public. She is a young lady with a fair contralto voice, and a style that gives indications of tuition and education, wdiich pro mise well for the future if the young lady will only take the trouble to persevere and fight the uphill fight that ultimately leads to success. I do not think Messrs. Bead and Farley remain with Baby, as I see Mr. Farley is to sing at the Town-hall on Christmas night. Dr. Silvester, the Fakir of Oolu, opens at St, George's-hall on Friday night (Christmas Eve) with a new entertainment, entitled "Spee- tresheim. " He starts his new season with a mw ghost, a new waterfall — pleasant idea, doctor, these hot nights — and a quantity of new illustrations. As to the other amusements their name is legion. A grand sacred concert on Christmas night at the Opera-house; the Rev. Charles Clark in his now famous lecture, " Christmas in Old England," at the Town-hall, on Christmas Eve; on Christmas night "The Messiah," by the Philharmonic Society, at the Town-hall ; on Boxing night the Royal and Opera-house panto mimes, and numberless other exhibitions on a minor scale. ADAGIO. 