THE EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. Fibst Dat: Mohdat. Mat 17. The.-annual meetings of tt^organizatton ware I begun On Monday erM&jg;/^l^y'lT," wliffli the ] Stow Church LahturC-Hall was well filled.' On the platform, 'vyier®" jihd Revs.'J. LjalL PreBby terknj C. B. Symea. 'B.A., Congregational; C. Linley, Methodist NewConnexiOii;J, It Parsons, Baptist; and J, .Henderson, Presbyterian, who presided. ANNUAL REPORT. The Rev. J. McEwin, the Secretary, read the yearly statement as follows:— " The history of the Alliance during the past year has been somewhat eventful, and has been marked by several features altogether new. The last ANNUAL MEETING was held in Pine-street Leoture Hall, on Monday evening, the 12th of May last. The President, Bev. W. P. Welb, occupied the chair, and delivered an address on the wants of the Church, _ which were characterized as greater spirituality of mind, greater unity, greater zeal, greater enthusiasm for Christ, and above all a greater measure of the Holy Spirit's- influence. After the reports for the year had been presented and the officers and Committee appointed, the President - Elect, Rev. J. Henderson, was introduced to the chair, and addresses were given by the Rev. C. B. Symes on Sabbath Observance, and ttev. P. Maclaren on the Revival in Edinburgh. On the Wednesday evening following the United Communion Service was held in the Franklin street Methodist Church and was largely at tended. Reference was made in last year's report to the ministerial prayer-meeting which was held on the last Monday of the month, but which was languishing greatly. At the close of the annual meeting a few of the ministers waited to ta^k the matter over, and it was determined to hold instead a NOONDAY PRAYER-MEETING, which was at first intended to be monthly, but was almost immediately converted into a weekly meeting, Pirie-street Lecture Hall was kindly offered for the purpose, and with varying success the meeting has been continued through the year, except during the extreme months of summer. The attendance, which is growing, has not hitherto averaged more than 30, and it is felt that there ought to be many times this number of Christians in the city able to spare one hour in the week from business to devote to prayer. A list of subjects for prayer has been prepared; ministers have been appointed to conduct the meetings; Mr. Sankey's hymns have been procured, and a choir of young ladies organized to lead the singing; and we appeal to Christians to give the meeting ufe and power by their presence. Another feature of interest in the past year is THE WEEK OF SPECIAL SEE VICES, which were held in the Town Hall in September last. The City Council kindly reduced the rent of the Hall to £10 for the five nights, which sum was paid by Mr. George Fife Angas, who is always forward to help in every good work. Special hymns were printed for the meetings; two short, pointed addresses were given each evening. All the city and suburban ministers cordially united in the services, the large building was well filled each evening, and although no immediate results were reaped, yet it was felt that much good had been accomplished. It is probable that the services will be repeated in a few months, when an effort will be made by the introduction ef the enquiry meeting to bring to a decision at once those upon whom impres sions may be made. The great event of the year to the Christian world has been the extraordinary work of the American Evangelists, MESSBS. MOODY AND SANKEY, in Britain, a work which seems a larger repetition of Pentecostal times. A suggestion was made that these brethren should be invited to visit Australia. Falling in with which your Committee forwarded to them by the March mail a cordial and urgent request to that effect. That request should have reached its destination during last week; but, as most of you are aware, Messna Moody and Sankey, in answer to a prior invitation from Victoria, have already signified that after their return from America, j whither they will go for a short time after their stay in London, they will probably visit Australia. It ib hoped that perhaps some time daring nest year we may expect, if God will, to welcome them to our shores. In the meantime, however, the attention which has been drawn to the question of the revival of the Lord's work in our midst has done good, and the Conference to be held to-morrow is partly the result of this. "In November last united prayer meetings were held simultaneously in North and South Ade laide, andwereweliattended. In February iast the Alliance invited the Churches of South Australia te observe Sunday, 14th, as a day of public thanksgiving to the Lord for the bountiful harvest. This invitation was very generally complied with, and on the following Wednesday evening united thanksgiving services were held in Adelaide and North Adelaide. The attention of your Committee having been called to the abuse of the night permit system, they waited as a deputation upoD the Chief Secretary to urge that a more stringent supervision should be exercised in this matter, and that the power to grant such permits should be confined to Police and Special Magistrates, who are to some extent amenable to Government authority. The deputation was courteously received by the Chief Secretary, who promised to use his influence to carry out the views of your Committee. " If the past year has been eventful THE COMING YEAB will probably be more so. We meet in Confe rence to-morrow to consider seriously the present low condition of religion in the colony, and to ask what means can be adopted to remedy this state of things. It will be the duty of the Com mittee to endeavour to carry out whatever reso lutions may be arrived at, and In resigning our trust into your hands we claim for our successors your sympathy, your prayers, and your practical support." FINANCE. In the absence of Mr. G. W. Cotton, the Treasurer, the Secretary read the statement of accounts, which showed that the income had reached £31 4s. 7d., and the expenditure left a debit balance of £6 13s. 2d. The Rev. C. B. Symes, in moving the adoption of the report and accounts, refeired in compli mentary terms to the efficient services rendered by the Rev. J. McEwin, the Secretary. The motion was seconded by Mr. G. Hance, and carried. OFFICEBB AND COMMITTEE. On the proposition of the Rev. C. Linley, seconded by Mr. J. A. Bagshaw, the Rev. J. L. Parsons was elected President, the Rev. J. McEwin Secretary, Mr. G. W. Cotton Treasurer. The Committee was constituted by the Revs. J. Henderson, J. Bickford, J. Lyau, F. W, Cox, J. Jefferis, LL.B., J. B. Stephenson, P. Maclaren, H. T. Burgees, C. B. Symes, B.A., C. Linley, W. P. Wells, T. Hope, Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. Colton, G. Hance, F. Harm, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, D. Murray, J. Smith, J. Scott, S. Whitmore, and J. A. Bagshaw. chairman's address. The Bev. J. Henderson, the retiring Chair man, then said :—"In now retiring from the office of President, which through the courteous indulgence of the Alliance I have been honoured to hold for the last twelve months, I beg to acknowledge very gratefully the prompt and ready co-operation of the officers and Committee in all matters submitted to their consideration. The transactions of the past year have not been of so marked a character as to demand special observation, and yet the report just submitted i touches upon one or" two points to which a j passing allusion may be permitted. Special j services have been perseveringly maintained ! during the year, and regret is expressed that the { moral and spiritual results appear to be so com paratively small. Comparatively few conversions can be reported, and the various sections of the Church lament that so few true i and _ tangible instances of the power of religion can be announced. Now, while it is to be hoped that the Church will never forget that in relation to the mass of ignorance j and superstition and irreligion around her, I her attitude must always be aggressive. By the terms of her commission she must ever go forth and strive to reclaim the moral wastes for Christ; yet it must not be overlooked that the Church can only be aggressive in proportion as she herself is united, sound, and vigorous. If corruption in doctrine has weakened her, if seductive influences have led her away from her mighty resources of faith and prayer, if a worldly spirit has deadened her piety, all aggros sire action must be desultory and aimless, and under such conditions there need be little sur prise that there are few conversions to chronicle. But if answer has not been as we had expected, it must not be hastily concluded that we have been waiting upon the Lord in vaiD, Gcd's plan of providing blessings for as is to educate the capacity which is to receive them. When the blessing comes not in the way wo have desired—when we are taught to wait, and learn while we wait that He can answer prayer 'above what we ask or think,' then our faith becomes stronger, resignation sinks into a deeper attitude of reverence, and all the stronger powers of the soul arouse themselves and put on armour to endure hardness as good soldiers of Jesus Christ. The special blessing asked may be withheld; nevertheless prayer is answsred in the bestowment of a grace t3ken from a richer repository of the Divine stores, and bringing with it a fresh revoalmont of our Father's love and wisdom. These months past we have been with ' one accord' praying for a fuller outpouring of the Divine Spirit that His ordinances might bq.mqye largely! conversion of smn,ep;"an(£ th&vaf; oftjlty ludes might be &ddeclto; the.ClmrcEof aucnassb be. saved.' And we arewell nigh in despondent bepanEe tWresiilt' ia n6t tip to the cf otir desires. But the good Lord may be' ensweringusinahotiier way, andabove whatwe »ik. Bfs eye, which' looks through the whole univeise, may descry _acoming danger to 'the < torch itself, to meet which something more is > equhed than the ardour of new converts or the enthusiasm jk young disciples. His eye may discern on the not very distant horizon the mus tering squadrons of the foe, and to meet'the onset Be knows that other resources must be depended on than hasty levies and raw recruits. If He is seeking to pat His people upon a lesson of patience, teaching them to 'cease from man* and to have a more implicit dependence npon Himself ; - if He is speaking to the veterans in His service, firing their zeal and bidding them hold fast that which they have attained; if He is by His process of waiting building up His people in the faith and love and knowledge of their Lord, is He not, both in what He withholds and in what He bestows, manifesting to us His wisdom and goodness ? It is our conviction that in the demand for the evidences of religious life among us there is often manifested something approach ing an unreasonable impatience. Why tins craving for statistics in relation to such high matters ? Why disappointment when these can not be furnished? Is it forgotten that those moral and spiritual experiences are of such a nature that they do not readily report them selves ? The progress of a soul from darkness to light cannot be traced as infallibly as light and shadow in a landscape. Conviction lodged, con viction deepened, vision cleared, a faltering resolution rallied, hope brightened, joy increased, doubt dispelled—these and spiritual experiences of a kindred nature are not to be tabulated and told off with the certi tude, and not unfrequently with the flippancy, of an invoice read off in a market-place. Interests of a nature so spiritual and solemn refuse to be measured by any of the fallacious standards of earth, and it is an unwise Christianity which would seek to reduce them to such estimates. When spring is abroad renewing the face of the earth, we care not to count the germs it has burst, the dull roots it has vivified, the buds it has formed, the leaves it has unfolded. The very exuberance of the life it has evoked, the myriad forms that life assumes, the opulence, the profusion of vital power it displays oh the right hand and on the left baffle all attempted estimate and mock all our powers of computa tion. And in relation to moral and spiritual results, let us not put dishonour on them by seeking to sum them up under any arithmetical formulae, or by voting that they shall grow and unfold themselves only to such a limit and along such ecclesiastical trellis work as we shall determine. Reference has already been made to the great awakening in Great Britain. Viewed in some of its relationships, it presents to the mind one of the most arresting subjects of thought which the century has produced. It ehallenges the attention not only of every section of the Church, but of scientists and the literati, philosophers and_ statesmen. Small and unpretending in its beginnings, like the mountain rill, it has in creased in yolume and momentum as it rolled along, sweeping prejudice and misconception from their course till it is n dw gratefully acknow ledged as a mighty living stream, not only reviving to the Church, but also imparting a wholesome influence to every social ana national interest. A revival of religion to many among us is a thing not at all to be desired. It is associated in some minds with much that is repugnant to good taste and good feeling. It suggests scenes in which the proprieties of life and the .^solemnities of religion are set aside, and where all is excitement, extravagance, and hysterics. Extravagance has no doubt attended some of the great revivals of the past, as was to be expected where deep emotions were stirred. Human infirmity will always reveal itself, even side by side with some, of the greatest works of God. But, after all those irregularities, what are they but the froth upon the wave while the strong deep tide was flowing steadily be neath, bearing the generation onward to calmer latitudes and balmier climes ? Of what account at this day are the extravagancies which attended the revivals of the last century or the century preceding while their permanent benefits remain to bless the Church and the world ? It would almost seem, as we look back on the last three or four centuries of the Church's history, that it was established as by an ordinance of Heaven, that each century should, in succession, be visited with copicus showers of Divine grace, and that each should impart to its successor the impulse it has received, not only undiminished, but on a principle of high, dynamics, accele rated and increased in proportion to the In creased spiritual power in the Church, and the increased enlightenment of the times. In the sixteenth century, when Christianity seemed almost dead, a Divine breath passed over Europe, and then arose the great revival of doctrine and life which we have since desig nated the Great Reformation, the direct effects of. which we trace to this day in all our religious, political, and social institutions. In the seven teenth century, when a period of worldliness and decay had succeeded to the first life of the Reformation, arose the great Puritan revival, and the direct influence it imparted is acknow ledged to this hour in the tone of our theology, the ministrations of the pulpit, and the spirit of our religious Press. In the eighteenth century, when throughout Great Britain a few godly men here and there in the north and in the south were lamenting the general decay of piety, the weakness and corruption of the Church, the great revival of the last century sprang up, the immediate effects of which were an unpre cedented quickening in every branch of the Church, and the fervour and zeal of Whitefield and the Wesleys came like an electric shock upon a formal and lifeless age. Those revivals were not confined to a single neigh bourhood, nor did they terminate in a season. They were national; directly or indirectly they actuated the entire population north and south. The collective effects of those revivals who can estimate? Hot only did they bring a rich revenue of glory to the Lord in the salvation of souls, but they j touched every department of social, intellectual, and political life. They aided in forming j British character, in giving stability to British j institutions, and in g.eatly elevating the tone j and temper of British influence among the nations of the earth. In the great awakenings of this nineteenth century we see much that is full of promise, accompanied they may be by some thing that are not desirable and marred by that infirmity which stains all human instrumen tality; but we feel assured that the impulse which they will impart will be most salutary and lasting. That impulse we desire to feeL Every Christian instinct is touched, and rises to a sympathy with those scenes. In those works of grace and truth which are now sweeping with a gathering tide of blessing over our native land we desire most earnestly to share; in other words, we wish to rise to a higher level of faith and love and power than we now cccupy. Our desire is to realize the highest, truest, strongest form of Christian life. We greatly need this quickening. Believers may formally be added to tbe Church, but we fear that the tone of piety is lowered by the worldliness of this bustling age. There may be silent accessions to the faith, but there is no eminent measure of spiritual revival. The dews may descend in silence on the Lord's heritage, but there are no abundant showers of blessing; and while with huBhed and reverent spirits we wait the Lord's time, and would humbly seek to follow in the Lord's way, we would still con tinue in prayer, crying unto Him, ' Re member us withjthat favour that Thou bearest to Thy people. O visit us with Thy salvation.' But while the past year has been distinguished by those wonderful demonstrations of quickened spiritual {life in Britain, it has also been marked by tbe promulgation of certain philosophical hypotheses in relation to the phenomena of the material world. Many theories broached in the studies of men of science, discussed in their Clubs and canvassed in the higher periodicals, have at length been gathered up and given forth to the world as the latest findings of scientific research —as the most advanced reach which philosophy bas been able to make into the border-land of mystery which lies around us, and of which mystery indeed we ourselves form a part. For one thing, it is announced (though the announce ment is not new) that the material world is its own creator; that a personal, intelligent, loving God is an existence not necessary; the world evolved itself out of something, it is not deter mined what that something was; but not out of nothing, because ex nihilo nihil fit. Particles of matter came into astonish ing combinations. They could not do otherwise. They obeyed laws which had established themselves somehow, no one can tell how. Tbe particles, atoms, or molecules, which no one had made, came under laws which no one bad enacted. _ But the laws being mightier than the particles kept them in the constantwhirl of evolution—kept those molecules in ceaseless gyration until certain gases were formed, such as carbon, azote, and oxygen. These m combination with one another, and in combination with the pre-existing atoms, gave birth to life—life of a low type, but from which in the course of seons of duration other forms of life sprang. We have no disposition to exag gerate, and in relation to such matters we are in no mood to caricature. Iudeed, I must be permitted to say that I have no sympathy whatever with that air of suspicion and distrust with which the advocates of revelation some which Is not unfrr quently MBumedtowaids the patient eons cfaciencawhbCKave conaetthted tbeir lives to the dfecovfiry'and elucidation oh the laws and relationships of the paaterial world. I honour " them in i𝔢 noble calling, ! revere their memory when they d.epart, and with gratefhl heart I accept tbeir authenticated' conclusions. What regions of radiant existence have they not discovered! What ihustiations of Divine wisdom, power, beneficence, and majesty have they hot grouped and placed within reach of those who decry them most, the theologians! From many amount of science, shrouded in clouds and darkness, have they returned, bearing tablets written ail over with characters which speak for ever of the wisdom, power, beneficence, majesty of the Creator God. But with all my veneration for these sages and the high estimate I put on .their labours, I must be permitted (and X, too, form part of the 'Cosmos' to be accounted for) to decline their latest authoritative manifesto as accounting for the ultimate forces and forms of matter, and as leaving oompaiativelyunaccounted for the phenomena of consciousness and mind. With my innate ideas of congruity and fitness—with my natural instinct to link effect with cause—I . cannot, from the first principles of my nature, come to believe that this world in its ramified and delicate mechanism—that mind with its powers of thought, with its sweep of imagination, with its play of fancy—that consciousness with its solemn feeling of responsibility—that identity, continuing intact amid ceaseless change, can at all, with any show of philosophy or reason, be ascribed to the unconscious gyrations of a molecule or the insensate pre-existence of an atom.. The mind receives a shock in all its sensibilities when even the hypothetic alternative is submitted—the Jehovah of the Bible or the Atomism of Lucretius and Dr. Tyudall. It would be unpardonable if in our remarks, which are chiefly of a retrospective character, we should omit a .reference to the now famous ' Expostulation' of Gladstone, and the effect it has produced on Roman Catholic and Protestant minds. As our limits are already exceeded it is only a reference to this matter which we can make. It seems very apparent for one thing from the expressions of surprise evoked by Gladstone's disclosures that the Roman Catholic system in its spirit and claims is only imperfectly under stood by many of the leaders of public opinion, both Roman Catholic and Protestant. All honour to Roman Catholics of the Lord Acton type for their manly, outspoken, British senti ments. At the same time it would appear that they have . been living with only a dial and partial apprehension of what the ecclesiastical system is to which they have all their lives belonged. They seemed to believe what many among ourselves believe, that whatever the Fapacy may have been in the past it is an innocuous system now, meekly seeking to occupy a place side by side with other ecclesiastical systems, and only claiming equal righto and privileges with. them. Recent proceedings and recent utterances of those in authority have somewhat emphatically dissipated this affusion. The equivocal compliment of having become modified by the lapse of time is refused, and the accredited exponents of the system come forward in our day to avow the same dogmas, urge the same claims, and pursue the same policy, wherever possible, which wrapt the middle ages in the torpor of social and spiritual death. It appears to me that what is needed at present among other things is some way by which, without wounding feeling, or dealing harshly with prejudice, fuller light might be thrown upon the wonderful, deeply-ramified, many-sided system of the Papacy. To our view the basis of this Affiance forms a vantage-ground for such an enterprise. At all events, by the united aspect we present, one of the chief charges against Protestantism is removed. The answer to the fact that Pro testants are ranked in conflicting sects, and the argument which Roman Catholics base upon it, is to be found in the proof that our real diffe rences are not by any means so great as is alleged; that there is substantial agreement among us in all matters of fundamental importance; that the differences which do exist arise from the abuse and not the right use of the Word of God. The argument is complete and conclusive as a matter of speculative discussion. But it is fitted to become much more effective when the substance of it is embodied in a visible, pal pable reality; that is, when there exists an Evangelical Alliance in which members of various sections of the Protestant Church openly and explicitly profess their harmonious concur- rence in the fundamental doctrines of Christianity—in what may be said to constitute the religion of Jesus, and to be therefore the true mark of His Church—when they plainly love each other for the truth's sake that is in them, and co-operate in promoting the common salvation of their one Lord and Master. From a basis so broad it seems to me that effective efforts could with facility be made to spread abroad a fuller knowledge of the Papacy. The system, viewed as a subject of intellectual investigation, or as a matter of argumentative discussion, is not by any means, in every point of view, the preposterous and despi cable thing which many are apt to reckon it; and events are transpiring in quick succession on the Continent of Europe, and in connection with the legislation of Great Britain, which seem to concur in forcing the peculiar claims of the Papacy upon general atten tion, and in urging to more thorough acquain tance with it in its spirit and aim. What we plead for is simply that the system be studied and known. Another year in the history of alliance has passed away. We gratefully acknowledge the varied opportunities it has afforded of meeting with brethren, different it may be in denominational designation, but one in heart and sympathy and aim. How delight ful to meet as brethren in Christ, to meet thus in free and unfettered conference, to bow together at a throne of grace, to go forth in co-operation in works of beneficence. May the union of heart and aim be rendered stronger and more comprehensive during the year to come; and though as separate sects we may pitch our teuto somewhat apart, as did the tribes of old, still like them may we see the pillar of cloud and of fire as a glory in our midst. 'Speaking the truth in love,' may we strive ' keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.' As many as walk by this rule, peace be upon'them and mercy, even upon all the Israel of God." (Applause.) THE CHATBMAST-ELEGT. The Rev. J. Henderson then resigned the chair to The Rev. J. L. Pabsons, the Chairman elect for the ensuing year, who said he felt it would be very frigid on his part if, after receiving such a proof of the confidence and esteem of his brethren, he should take the chair in unresponsive silence. The position was in his view the most honourable the Churches had at their disposal, and he wished therefore to express his deep sense of the regard, and trust his election implied._ "I wish also to say," he con tinued, " that it is peculiarly gratifying to me that the closing months of my ministerial life should present thus prominently that honest unity with all true Christians wbich throughout its course I have cherished and manifested. The Christ in whom £ have believed and believe is one in whom no church can claim a monopoly, and the Gospel I have sought to preach has been a Gospel which 110 denomination can circumvallate with a creed or label with any special trade marks, and I believe this to be the true Christian temper and attitude. (Hear, hear.) The New Testament indeed recognised no man as a Christian at all who is not full of love, humility, and tolerance, and who does not consider others better than himself. But, though I mention this, I do not think I am one whit in advance or one atom more sincere than my brethren around me. No man, there fore, as I understand, may, because he holds certain views upon Church polity, or the proper teste of membership, or upon the mode or sub jects of an ordinance, may on either of these accounts be shy of or much less wrangle with those who think differently, unless, indeed, he agrees with that strange apologist for a testy and quarrelsome spirit who boldly affirmed that with out controversy great is the mystery of godliness, meaning that only controversy could clear the mystery up. But the kingdom of Go 1 is not meat and drink, neither is it orders, nor organiza tions, nor ordinances; but it is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Every Christian man is in fact the brother of every other Christian. One may pride himself upon a fancied superiority in direct lineage and culture, and may even disown the other; yet they are members of one family, children of one Father, brethren of one Saviour; and though the proud and bigoted may scorn and despise the humble and charitable, yet he cannot prevent these also from claiming to be of the same spiritual kith. And happy is he who meekly bears disdain and disownment, and yet reverences that kinship which makes those who act against their spiritual nature brethren still, and loves them notwithstanding. The imperfection of the human faculties makes finality in knowledge impossible, And the history of Christianity in the times of the Apostles, and in every century sitce, furnishes incontestable evidence that identity of opinion is not to be expected, even if it be to be desired. And when we consider hew widely men differ upon the meaning of words, upon the force of arguments, and even upon what are termed ascertained facto, how vaiu an idea uniformity in religion becomes. In political economy, in law, in philosophy, and science too wo see men of honest purpose and sound judgment arrive at very different con clusions. And when we remember that the Christian faith is based upon a Book which gives an account of the genesis of the material universe and of the origin of life, which touches the profoundest questions in metaphysics, which is concerned with all the complex relations of practical ethics, which reveals how man fell from innocency, how he is to be restored to God, and what he is to believe and do, and which embraces in its scope the solemnities of the close of life here, the dim region of Hades, and the conditions of eternal existence, we can only marvel that any man who knows men, or any Church which professes to derive its authority from the inspired writings where the possibility of difference of opinion is clearly recognised, should ever dream that absolute identity of belief is possible. At best we only see the reflection upon a mirror dimly. At best we know only in part, and if any man think he knows anything he knows nothing as he ought to know. At best we are to remember that Christ has other sheep which are not of this or of that flock. At best we are commanded by the Great Head of the Church not to forbid any to call themselves His disciples, and to work for Him, even though they do not follow with the Apostles themselves. Hewever firmly any may be convinced the Church to which they belong is the true representative of the religion of Jesus, yet if in other Churches they see men lifted out of sensuality and intemperance and irreligiousness they ought to hail their work as good. It is surely better that men should be sober, honest, and God fearing, however faulty their creed may be deemed, and however irre gular the order of the ministry they attend may by considered, than that they should be vicious or dishonest or worldlings or infidels. The New Testament plainly teaches that men are to exercise the right of private judgment. Every man is to be fully persuaded in bis own mind—he is to prove all things, and no one is to judge another, for to his own Master he stands or falls. And I think the great mass of men are weary of the strife of words, of bigotry, of intolerance, and of excommunications. They agree, and I agree with them in the main, with the elder Hood, who rebuked a sour-minded theological critic of his day by telling hiaa:— 'A man may cry " Our Church,'" " our Church," at ever; word, with no more piety than other people.' And then adds—'A daw's not reckoned a religious bird because he keeps a-cawing from a steeple.' And it is this eternal clamour of ' Our Church, our creed, our orders,' and the isolation and the unchristianizing of others which it begets, which gives at least a show of truth to that terriblest of modern epigrams—'Christianity has failed; men must return to Christ.' "While, however, I plead for the fullest and broadest tolerance, I trust I shall not be numbered among the apostles of the modern Diana of Doubt. Doubt, however' sincere, is a confession of ignorance, and surely doubt is not the ultimate development of the human intellect or of the soul illuminated by the Holy Ghost. The things that are written were written that we may know, not that we may doubt. And though there may be a delicious fascination in seeing the paths of truth through a misty haze, yet the pilgrim who has taken his staff and set out on the search for certainty will climb higher and ever higher, where the disturbing vapours lie far below, and will wait and watch there till the sun has cleared them away, and the whole expanse of truth lies clear about him, with not a cloud between. No couplet in the English tongue has been so perverted as that one which is so often quoted to excuse the per test conceit and the shallowest scepticism— ' " There lies more faith in honest doubt, Believe me, than in half the creeds.' It is as false to wrest that out of its counection and use it as a complete axiom as it is to say to men, 'Work out your own salvation,' and not to add, ' For it is God who worketh in you both to will and to do of His good pleaure.' For of him of whom this honest doubt is predi cated the Laureate says:— " ' Ferplext in faith, but pure in deeds, At last he beat his music out. He fought his doubts, and gathered strength, He would not make 1lis judgment blind ; He faced the spectres of the mind, And laid them: thus he came at length To find a stronger faith, own,* So most the perplexed push on through doubt to faith that we may know the things which are freely given to us of God. Even then we must not count that we are already perfect. But whereto we have attained we are to walk by the same rule and mind the same thing, and thus might be emblazoned on the title of our Alliance, i And wbile we read it there we patiently expect and hope that in things wherein we are other wise minded God will reveal even this unto us." (Loud applause.) Mr. Parsons then expressed his hope that the ensuing period would be successful. RELIGIOUS LIFE AT HOME AND ON THE CONTINENT. The Bev. J. Lyall opoko on th.o acperd. of. religious life as noted during his recent visit te Great Britian and the Continent. Having pronounced that his observations had been of a superficial character, he said he was favourably impressed with the large amount of religious interest evidenced in London and the variety of work in progress. Scepticism was not very apparent, though it existed largely in high places, and many men who though they did not go to the length of denying that there was a God, still said it was impassible te prove His existence, and applied the same argument to the immortality of the souL It was said that this should be the outcome of enlarged thought. Views of this kind had not, however, taken hold on any very considerable number of the English people. The attendance of the working elasses at Divine service was not so large as could be desired, but the love of the Bible seemed to be retained. A great deal of work was carried on in the great city by the force of Christian enterprise, and in illustration of this Mr. Lyall gave several apt illustrations. His stay in Scotland was during the time of the revivalistic movement; and even among the Highlands, which he frequented in preference to the centres of population, a spiritual awakening was evi dent. He mentioned that in Glasgow 3,300 people were brought to a decision for Christ during five months, and of these 1,670 were men. The Press in Scotland spoke very respectfully and favourably of the work of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and though one of the leading Glasgow papers once sneered at the revival, yet after a visit to the meetings the editor ceased hostilities. The Melbourne Argv.s had recently hoped that Victoria would be "spared the infliction" of a visit from the Revivalists, and some men here were inclined to treat the movement with scorn; but if multi tudes of men in Scotland and England had been, through Messrs. Moody and Sankey's instrumen tality, induced to turn from the paths of sen suality to those of virtue, surely every man in this colony wbo had regard for God and the good of his fellow-men ought to join the ranks. (Hear, hear.) In France Mr. Lyall merely noted a painful laxity in the observance of the Sabbath, but in Italy his observations were more extended. The people of the northern districts were very hard-working, and with good govern ment would be noble. They had laboured for centuries under misrule—priestly and political— but now an improvement had commenced. Commerce was increasing, and schools were springing up on all sides. There was plenty of. religious show and form, but the great bulk of the people were estranged from the Church, and little prospect offered of any revival within the Church of Rome, though they would rejoice if such were- the case. A good deal was, however, being done in the quiet preaching of the Gospel, and the' most powerful agency in this direction was the Waldensian Church, which had made considerable progress. The Free Church parts in Italy had a system of government that might bB described as Presbyterian-Independency, and was making headway. There were probably more Christians in Rome now than when the Apostle Paul began his labours there. A vote of thanks having been, on the motion of the Rev. P. Maclaben, seconded by the Rev. J. Lyall, passed to the retiring Chairman, the session was adjourned till next day at 2 o'clock. 