AMtJSEMENTB AT SOME. "For the last few 4am at least, we have . had a regular gala time of it in London. . The . Derby and Oaks have attracted more visitors - from the provinces than was ever known ^before, ana the weather has been delightful In theatrical matters the attraction of the season has been the performances of Signor Sal vim in Othello and Hamlet. So great was the excitement over his one day perfprmanoe of the-jealous Mom: some Short time sinoe that negotiations were opened with the gifted Italian fey Messrs. Maplesonand Chatterton for jbim to give a series of performances on alternate opera nights at Druiy-lane. Ar rangements were made, and smoe my last letter to yon he has appeared in 'Othello.' the 'Gladiator,' and 'Hamlet,' and eaon performance has been .witnessed by a crowded and critical audience.; (It is averrecl on all sides, ,e?en fey the oldest playgoer, that such acting has hot been seep sin.ee the best days of Edmund Keam , Salvini'e fine, handsome presence especially jassi8ted,bim in his fSBumption of theMpotoi Veritce, hut in his impersonation of the philosophic and moody Dane, that to a certain extent deteriorated - from his performance, but the oonsum mate talent and tact of this really grant actor carried him triumphantly through a grand performance. Seldom, If ever, the senBe of horrerat the ghost's de scription of how the princes father h*A 1— murdered by his blether been at> Swswali toSignor^alvhri. In the serin; with Jhia. mother hfe was dm effecdve and gentle, in fact, througho TSSvihi is to mej I am aware thai . m^Loridbn have Stllll history by tl glorious works, and I have no herniation: in Baying that Salvini is one of them, There, was no flourish of trumpets to herald his approach, no underhand influence at work to create interest in his name and performances before he appeared, yet in a single night, by the mere force of bis own genius, he created such an excitement[in the centre of our great metropolis, which in four and twenty hours had spread its ripples through all circles of: London society, and stamped him as a great i actor* and this was accomplished without-: puff, without noise, modestly, rinostonta-, tionsly, by sheer power of bis own individual! merit.' The intense interest created some time since by Mr. Irving's performance of the Prince of Denmark was nothing to be com pared to. that caused by Salvini in the same rOle, but the climax of the excitement will culminate {in April, 1876, when Mr. Soiling head promises Rossi, Salvini, and Madame Ristorfin severaloiShakspeare's andother tragedies, l have written thus mncih about -the Italian tragedian because in dramatic circles very little, is spoken of any one else. As 1 have mentioned Mr. Henry Neville, I may state that he has written, and just published, ovary readable book, entitled, The Stage—its Past and Present > . esent «n Relation to Uns Art, and in its preparation the author shows deep research arid thoughtful Btudy. It has been highly spoken of by some of the ablest critics of the day. The management' of the Prince of-Wales Theatre have acknow ledged their error in producing .' The Mer chant! of Venice by withdrawing it, and reproducing - ' Money,' and with a great attraction in. it—that of Miss Marie Wilton (Mrs. Bancroft) as Lady Franklyn. Her performance was immense, and draws well. On the withdrawal of the 'Two Orphans* at the Olympic Theatre, Miss Helen Eras tone : seoeded,ana joined Mr, Horace Wigan at the Mirror Theatre. Mrs, Charles Viner still re tains a leading position with Mr. Henry Neville at the foimer theatre. Great changes are about to take.placeat the Haymarket; several of the members of the present com pany are abont to be formed into a troupe for the provinces, with the addition of Mr. and Mrs. Chippendale, Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Yean (Sunt Charles Young), Mr. Compton, and Mr. Edmund Leathes, who leaves the Lyceum to join them. It is announced that tbe next revival at the Lyceum for Mr. H. Irving will be the tragedy of' Macbeth,' and that Miss Bateman (Mre. Crowe) will abandon ber projected provincial tour to appear as Lady Macbeth. Miss Eloise Juno, who made such a successful d€b(Lt at the Hurray Theatre some short time since, is again, I am sorry to hear, suffering from fll health. There is no mistake now as to the new opera-house on the Thames Embankment; as Mr. Mapleaen bad commenced in earnest with the building, which is to be named' The National Opera: House.' The exact space has been marked out, and the workmen have commenced tpeir labours in excavating for thd<. foundations. The frontage to tbe nvbrwul be yoOft, and in depth the apace will be 800ft, to the boundary' St'Cannon-rew. The' building is to be ready for the opera seasira of 1876. Miss Julia Matthews has infused new life and vigour into the opera bouffe ' Girofl&Girofla;/ at the Criterion. Madame Pauline Rita, the prima-donna of' the: establishment, having been taken 1 sud denly i)V Means, Spiers and Pond made an en^ement with fee^fft«a^ting Julia, who, ing. pulled up an ^otherwise drooping: business. MiasMatthews wfli most Kljely j visit America next year, as a very i y Jackson, witbhis "Heads of the ' k now serf ormine at the Britannia Theatre, Hoxton. He intends early next spring <to return to the colonies with a variety company, Mr. J. B. Howe is still at the Pavdion Tbeatre. He also longs to be b^ck in Australia. Turning <;to the provinces, I notice the. re-appearance in tnis country Queensland of Miss Frances Bentley, firom _ . who .is now appearing at Ashton-i TLyrie in an entertainment & la Howard PauL Tbe local papere aver 'her changes are ramd. eomm aDDronnate. .tffdher droeaepsnperb.'" "By the time yon receive thw letter writes my correspondent from London, under date June 4 last, " Mr. Joseph Jefferson will be in thiaooun toy under a. two years' engagement for London and.the provinces ana all puts Of Great Britain and {Ireland.. I bear that old 'Rip' has become afrnn believer In Spiritualism, and attends the seanoee with gre** regu larity and attention. Mr. 'Robert Heller end. bis sister Haid£e are doing splendid busi ness at: Edinburgh. -: Malle. Geraldine Warden is singing in the mosical dramas of "Rob Roy" and, "Guy Mannering" at Glasgow Theatre. Mr. Charles Stewart is vocalising at the same establishment. Miss Gertrude , Gregory has organised a new company of dogs and . monasys, and hi.peiformihg at Manchester. . Mr. and Mis. Barnes Carden are at Leeds. Miss Doloree Brammond (Dolly,Green) and Mr. Fitsroy Wallace have f orteries countrF^^ir. J* L. Hall has lately made * Splendid hit by,big inimitable performauoe ofAzucena in. thejburieeque of ^Utreated 111 Trovatore.' .atttoPmce of Wales Theatre in IdverptmL JUChriatnias, I heir* be will teach the anattbm ofiaJl actora—a show on the boards , of Draw JWQ." CALL BOY. 