THE ROYALTIES OF ST! PETER. As Archbishop Goold andi Dr.- O'Connor,, in Victoria,4 Drs.. Vaughan and- Folding ; and all the other Bishops of "New South Wales, have sworn amongst other things to defend and uphold against all comers -and persons whatsoever, the "Regalia of Peter," or. the Royalties of St. Peter, our readers and friends in both colonies will' be the better of a little ' reminding of the meaning of these terms. ' ; . The path which all these persons have sworn is, so far as those sacred "royalties" are concerned, is as follows : — " I will help them (the Popes) to defend the Roman Papacy and the Royalties of St. Peter, saving my order, against all men., \- . . The rights, honors, privileges and authority of the holy Roman Catholic Church of our Lord the Pope and aforesaid -successors, I will, endeavour to preserve, defend, increase and advance. . . , The rules, of the holy Fathers, the Apostolical decrees, ordinances, or ! disposals, reserva tions,' provisions, and mandates, L will -observe with all my might, and canbe' to be observed by others. .... I will be faithful and obedient to the blessed Peter the Apostle; to the holy Roman Church, and to our Lord Pius IX. and his succes sors canonically, coming in." 1 i . This is surely strong, and comprehensive -enough. Not the Governor of Victoria, not the Governor of New South Wales, no Governor under the British Crown, swears such an abject and slave binding oath; As' Freeman would say, "it pledges" the Bishop, or him wlio swears it, " up to the very eyes." He is bound hand and foot.- No man who takes such an oath is free to take an oath to any bther King or Queen whatever. Haying so given total and undivided allegiance to the Pope he cannot honestly swear allegiance to any other. If he do swear, it must be with the reservation that his oath to the Pope' takes precedence. And here therefore even, a child may easily decide as to whether a Bishop ' so swotn can ever be really and loyally a British subject ? But what are the Royalties of St. Peter, which every Romish Bishop and ' Arch bishop has sworn to uphold and defend and advance and cause to be observed by others ; ? They are the .royal,, kingly, pre rogatives or powers which are said to have belonged to St. Peter, as the Vicar of Christ,' and which are said to bplong to every Pope as the " living Peter " to speak forth God's law orbi et-urbi. The following are some of those 'kingly rights and powers "To be superior, to the whole Church, or to its Representative or General Council ; to call General, Councils at his pleasure ; to preside at General Synods, so as to propiose matter for dis cussion ; to: obstruct or overrule debates-; to confirm or invalidate their decisions ; to define doctrines ; to decide authoritatively controver sies, so that none shall be at liberty to dissent from his judgment; to enact, or suspend, or abrogate ecclesiastical laws and canons ;. to give indulgences and dispense with oaths, promises, vows, and obligations ; to be the fountain of all pastoral jurisdiction and dignity; to confirm, judge, .depose, suspend, or restore; bishops ; to be accountable to no one for his acts ;, toiexaot oaths of fealty from the .clergy ; and to summon and commission soldiers to fight against infidels and persecute heretics.'? ; But' all this in ay be said to be spiritual, and the Royalties | of St, Peter may be thought, to. be limited,,, to ecclesiastical and spiritual affairs. But are they so ? Had Peter no wider jurisdiction ? Has the "living Peter " no, claim to rule in the secular affairs of the world ? Is, not his royal prerogative that of supremacy over all the world, over all kings and authorities, .because He is the Vicar of Him who is balled, "King of kings and Lord of lords?": Let us see. Pope Boniface VIII. said-- ; "There is one fold and one shepherd. , The authority of that shepherd includes the two swords— the spiritual and the temporal. Both belong to the jurisdiction of the Church— the spiritual sword and the secular. The one is to be wielded by the Church — the other for the .Church ; the one is the sword of the Priest the 'other is in the hands of the Monarch— at the command and sufferance of the Priest. It behoves the one sword to be above; the other — the tem poral authority to he' subject to the spiritual' power." ' ' "" !' / ' . , J' ib'- This may he thought to be. sufficiently 'expiicitilas a. claim of political rule and, authority 1 on' the part ' ,of the ' ' Pope or 1 church ; but tlie same holy Father speaks ' still; more explicity , , ' . ' i ; "We declare and define," says he;" « iid pro nounce it'necessary to salvation, that every human creature be subject to the Roman Pontiff.' The one sword, "must be under -the other and' the .temporal authority must be subject to the spiritual power ; hence; if tlie earthly go astray,- the spiritual shall judge it;" 1 ,! r Thpre is no modifying, and explaining away' this political claim. .and absolute sovereignty of the Pope over all' kings and queens;'1 It' is. implied that the temporal 'power may err, but the spiritual cannot. It is implied that the temporal power and fright : of the Pope are above alh temporal authorities. - It -is asserted that they, whef deny this 'are beyond the hope of salvation!' Pope Leo X. said, in reference tq this, demand of Boniface VIII., " We renew, and approve this holy constitution" And the great Romish annalist, Baronius, adds the following as a clincher : — There' is no doubt of it" but that the civil, principality is' subject to the sacerdotal, and that God hath made the political governiiient subject to the dominion of the spiritual Church." It is on the principle that the Pope.has this universal jurisdiction over the politics of the world as well as over , the dogmas of the church— over the bodies of men, as well as over their souls and consciences — and over kings as well as over subjects, that holy Popes, in the name of " Peter," and by reason of his " Royalties," have waged wars and put an end to them — have commanded kings and put their heels on' their necks— have trafficked in kingdoms for their own ends — have released nations from their oaths of allegiance— and, have laid kingdoms under interdicts, consigning rebellious kings and queens to eternal per- , dition, and justifying the . treacherous murderers who have sought ,to -take their life!'-. , ;'. .ii., b, "Snatch up the two-edged sword;" said the Council of Lateraii to Leo. X., " and enjoin, oblige, and command a universal peace for ten- yeaqi among Christians ; and"' to this ehdbind' kings in the fetters of the Great King, and firmly fasten peoples with the manacles of obedience,; for to thee is Riven this power in heaven and 6n earth." "Forthe dignity and defence of the' Church;" said Gregory 'VII;, "and in the name of the omnipotent God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, 1 depose King1 Henry, and 1 absolve all christians subject to : the Empire from their oath ; for it is right that he should be deprived of dignity who- doth endeavour to diminish the majesty of the Church." " The authority given to. Peter," says Sixtus V., " and his successors excels the power of, all earthly princes, and we depose King,, Navarre ancl the Prince of Conde, sons of wrath, aspiring . ministers of Lucifer, and their posterity of their dominions for ever ; and by the authority of these presents (the Bull) we absolve all their subjects from the oath of their allegiance." But once more, let the language of P us ' Y., who, as holding the Royalties of St. Peter, cursed and denounced to the deep- , est, perdition our own Queen Elizabeth of England : — "He that reigneth on high," said the Pope; "to whom is given all power .in heaven and earth, hath committed the only Holy Catholic Church, out of which there is no salvation, to one alone on earth, that is, to Peter, the Prince of Apostles, and to the Roman Pontiff, the succes sor of him, to be governed with' a plenitude of power., This one (the Pope) he hath constituted Prince over all nations, that he may pluck up, overthrow, disperse, destroy, plant and rear. We deprive Elizabeth of her pretended right to the kingdom, and of all dominion, dignity, and- privileges whatever; and absolve all the nobles, subjects, and people of the kingdom, and who ever else have sworn to her, f ronrtheir Oatk and all duty whatsoever." Such are the " Royalties of St. Peter " which the Goolcls and O'Connors of Vic toria, and the Vaughans and Poldings of New South Wales have sworn, to uphold and defend against all men ! Histoiy tells ns that the Popes have thus exercised the Royalties of Peter upon sixty-four sovereigns and kings ! The right to do so is impudently claimed by men who come from Rome to live amongst us in these colonies, aind who have sworn 'to use all their power and influence to get othfers to observe and keep these Royalties ! Those priests audaciously set up their authority in tlie midst of us and our Arguses and JferaMs look on without the slightest .protest ! What cares the Argus ? What cares the Herald ?t Not only do they affect ignorance or independence, but they lend their influence to make the coming of /those enemies to our liberties as interest ing- as possible ! Of course the papers must live ; the Editors must make, money; and, meanwhile, the people may , he trusted to take care of the country ! 