THE CHIEF SECRETARY. AT GEELONG. / fBr Eleotbio Tbleojiafh. \ (Fnpu ouk. special corkespondent.) \- Geelonq, Monday Evenigg. Notwithstanding tho oxtromely unfavourable; wtfathor, aii jm'monso orowd assembjed to hoar- tho Oliiof Secretory enunoiotq the policy of tlio' now Government. Mr William Unton. tho Mayor, occupied tlio chair. Messrs Longmore, Patterson; and W. R. Smith, woro present j also A. T. Clark and Johnstone. Mr Borry on oifteripij wp-s received with aloud oyatjq jjiqh cijptjqucfi several minutes. Tjio Mayor haying incybducbd the Chief Secretary, the latter on rising was greeted with tremendous applause. He said — not.a fortnight sinco tlio Ministry had resigned, and what a change had come ever the political, scene. They would .agree wjh him they had overcome tho preliminary, difficulties common to forming a new Administration; and lib assured tliein these liad been qvercome by tlie hearty co-oporatiou of every membor in tho Assembly belonging to tlio real liberal party;' all of wl;om wbro , pledged to support Ins Ministry before, lib a ven placed himself in comniiinicatibn with' any of his colloagues, the only condition imposed being that Iub policy-should be a liberal, - tlioi'oughj'-aud to . the purposp — (cheers).. Ho reviewed tho defeat of tlio late Ministry, - aud went bock as far as Mr Franois, whoso proposal to_ tax proporty was rejected, and the speaker joined issue. Tlio succeeding Ministry had then to encounter tho demoralising effect of a large deficiency. It was. then that his Govern ment initiated tlie first decided protective tariff, and ho would ask if thq result had iiot justified that policy ? As confirming this ho mentionod that, although they had commenced wifr.li n. rlofinifr. lio navnr liad an AnnnuhinUir r\P showing what would havo boon tho result of the tariff, as his Ministry wero put out just boforo ho would- have made- his financial statement, showing -what had boen done during the year, but1 liis successor, Mr Langton, stated tliat the royeiiua for that year had beieD ;L3, 727,150.'' In tho year following Mr Langton again stated tho're was a surplus of L234,31?. The'rb . lyas a groat deq-1 of talk in certain quarters of tlio ab7 solute nboessity of remitting dutios. 7 VVliy did not 7 Mr .Langton remit thesq when tlioy had such a surplus ? Why ask remission now.thero was a deficits— a deficit not caused by people being . loss prosperous, . but . by .tho enormous cost of tlio Government. - It was his protection and railway policy which had enabled the Go vernment to give free education, and carry out tlio publio works iii a style nover before seen. Hb showed 'how that since 1871 tlio, gold- miners had decreased, and arpued that now pursuits must bp given them, He .also showed how thai;' tlio ' numbers ongnecd in industrial pursuits had. increased, and alluded to ; the best land-, having, passed into tho hands of ,a few, while- the land was not used for the best purpose. -- Ho could, not seo why they wero not subdivided, and wliilo he must do everything to oncourago gold-mining on one hand, lie would prevent monopoly in land "on 'the other. Ho then explained the policy, which, in; brief," was as follows To meet the' admitted' defi ciency in revenue a land tax 'on, large estops will be imposed ; they must bo: called upon to pay their fair quota towards taxation, -and thus make the nieni who had got tlio "six ipillipns . of acres at such a nominal cost pay tlie deficiency, and,' foi- a novelty, instead -of going on the iowost' class by taxing their beer and sugar; they will go to the man who owns the two hundred thousand acres; and make' "'him pay.'1 They would go lower at first-i-say to fifty; then; to twojity thousand abrqs,, which jyas a nice little estate', : "When wo have got the deficit we wilj stop'; 'if a inaii with five thousund'acrqs gets off free ho will be all the more pleased, but he must not kiioiv liis countrvmon if thev refused to pay when tlioy saw the richest being made to pay. If ho saw the exigencies: of the! Slate re quired it, this Government would maintain, and if necessary, extend the present fiscal system of the colony." AYo arc only jiist beginning to". feel', the full effects of - the ehcouragc- incut given jo local labour ; at the Bame tirnp . . no Government , wa3 ever formed /that wore more willing " jo aid tho development of commerco by every legiti mate way. ' The border duties are matters which tliis Government ought to take in Hand to re move. What none of us requiro is the obstruc tion on tlio . border of the colony ; if all the colonies coujd agree on a protective tariff, this could be folio wod by intercolonial free-trade. So that I can maintain duties that encourage in dustries, I have no objection to see. others re moved, if siioli be the wish of the community. I think tho abolition of the wharfage rates de sirable; buf the time has arrived for the ap- pgintment of harbour trusts ; not one contral trpBtyjiut thoy should have have onie in Geolqng! oqe ji) JJqlfast, and one to Portland. '7 Eyefy otijer iporllwillito the colony should , havo "its fuucla'under itsPwn control, so that they: may grow with, the natural ad vantages pf, thoir posi-; tion. A Mining on- Private Property Act, based on the fact that the gold' .is : the property of the Grown, and equal facilities should exist for its removal, will be 'introduced ; also' - other ; comprehensivo mining reform' 'to ofi'eet .'tl)o spoedy removal aiid subsequqnt 'bxtensiori of that ; important; inVeresCejnwaya' were' intended to aid prbduptipn' and' afford' facilities forabr|ijIgtjg;'"g9pds'19. ; tlius; additional railways wjll be ' auj)niit(qd 7-to -IPaiiiamqnt for.approyal, and thq wliplq manage- i ment of - the. existing liues will bp rqyiewoil with the obj'eotiof more completely aiding - the pro;: duoing interests of the colony.- 1 If those pro posals -aro carried out tliero" would soon be'-a perfect-- not- work of railways. He next"- re'-" forrod to the land question, which he thought was sufficient if left to Mr Lorimnore as 'Minis-' t'or of Lands. , " The relations at present bxisttog botweeii' tlio' late 'iiuiiio'rouB body of . sqleotbrs': will bo improved by yqippyiug qyqry, unj)qcos-7 sary delay and,qxpQijsp--'6n.pbqtriiqlion Tit pre sent in-thq lytiyqf bona, fifie solootprs-n-aud by tlio'oufproemont of the most stringent measures against por jurors and dummies aufi their em-.1 ployers. 1 il'ho remainder of tho' national estate will bo vigourously roservod for genuine settle ment; but none of these, proposals could be carried1 if the - constitution was not reformed.'- Tlioy would have no compromisp; tlio Legislative ' Assembly must liavo the full opntrbl'in tholegis- latibji, and mqasurqs passed by it miist boeomp liiyv iyi tji in a reasqnablq time,' wliothor approved jjy the. Gbuijiqil pr'jibt, and the latter must glyq way ' ' iylion tlio. Assombly is backed qp by. tlie country. ; Nothing .was . wanted more, to tho colony than. tho reform of- all the public departments ; if afforded an opportunity these \yill all bo 1 overhauled; aiid alterations would bqi introduced for- tbtf-b'sncfit of tlio countiy: - Ho1 had' received' a ' momo ' from his coiloagiio,'the present1 head of the 'Boai-d of LTind and Works, Bhp\virig that opt of L3Q0,00Q sot down by th'o latq Ministry for public works during tlio pre- soiit year, hardly a single new work had boon, propoqofl in tho country, hut nearly all in the metropolis. His Govornmont would s.oo thaj- tlio country got a fair share. Ho had suoh qon- fidonco to tho Assombly that ho believed they would give ovory support to carry_ tho proposod measures, wliioli would not pass if tlioy saw tlio iovorso to bo tho case. Mr Borry then spoko upon minor subjects, and at nino o'clock resumed his seat ainidBt enthusiastic cheering. Ho was ropeatodly clieorod in tlio course of his address.' Mr Konuott moved a rosoiution,— this moot ing yoposo ovury confidence in our late represen tative, and pledges itsolf to suppprt him as lioro- ' toforo. Seconded by Mr Dick, apd unanimously I carried,' amidst tliuiidoring apjjlauso and qhoor- jing. "'7' 7'7 . . 77' ; ' I When is au "actor's oyo like a fuoifiR>J»fttpli 't- IWhep it lights upon a box, 'In 1856," observes tho Rivortoe Herald, thoro woro 561, '409 slieop in the Rivortoe dis-: trict. On tho 31st March last the numbor of theso animals to the. district was upwards of 5,700,000. A HERoio'BRAKEsjr an.— George B. Granger,: a brakesman on tho Boston and' Lowell Rail road, has earned a fame which (tlio New York Herald says) will live for generations. Ho was, on duty on the toward Montreal express, and; when between Wilmington and Wob'urn, tho 1 coupling gavo way botweon two of tlio cars on tho forward part of the train, and the engine and two or three of the cars whioli wore hold to it being thus relieved of tlio weight of tho half- dozen cars behind, immediately ran away from them. -When tho -detachment took.placo the train:. was. running at tlio rate 'of i.tlfiijy-fi.vo miles per hour. At this- moment Granger was sitting at tlio windoiv of tlio last car in Hie lijrst part of the -train, and; seeing tho -bell-rope quickly draw, observed the brake -in a second, and immediately jumped tp action. Ho kq'ew; thati'if the bell ropo qp|indbd llip ongineer'p bql|,: the thqtbe rear pqrt thereof would crash against jho7 fronf, so.lie rapidly, jjullod the rope tqwards Jijm . from, tlie.rqar and speedily :dotap!)'c(i jt,' Hp .tlionran through thq train, olambered oyqr the , engine's tender; -in order to i cause the engineer rto . ac- celcrato his speed, so.as to keop oiit of the way of thq- rear part. Realising; . moreover; ' that fhe firat impulse of the onginoer, wlio stood with one hand p'n the lover; would1 be to stop tlio trajn, hb stopped up to him with forced calm ness; put pho haild on hisVshouldor and thb other oii thq hand that liold' tho lover, and said, " Don't stop." ' Haying ppt tho opgineqr on hjs guard, lio pointed- oqt .tlie dqpgpr. Passqngqfs' who wore anxiously watching spy t-ho en'gtoqqr, wliqn tho danger becamo apparent to ' liim, tufnqd.palel but .rematoejl cool, -and at pneppit on' ali' possible spoed to , 'keep out' of tlio way of tlie dofrfinhfld ' nnrfc nf ' fr.lin' fr.rm'n ' wliinli wne ti)uhdertog along behind. ' Tliis cloiip; tliq engi- nqbr blew liis signal to :ptit 'dh .brakes, hoping the brakosm'an or some ono.'.else.oii th'o rear of the ty'ain wrould' hpar and act 'lupqn tho righal, but nq'ono.did, and tlio raco' .was 'thuq .Kept iip for a couple of miles,'-' with", impunpnt risk of a oojlision, and no, ono to , tlio rear payji of .thetrpin eonsoious of- danger. Fortunately, the up train for Lawrence oamo along at the britioaLjuueturo, and the- ongiueer, taking -in -the > situation, sounded his whistle,' aiid by this 1 means aronsod the'brakesman on 'the - detached portion' of tlie train, who soon averted further danger by apply ing his break..; But for the coolness' and prompt actipn .qf "Granger, a' terrible 'abcident- was' in evitable.' , ,7; ' : 77 ,' 77777 '.7'"' ' , wpifders of Celestial Cooks;— Tho-'annual , banquet given by Chinese employes oanio off on Saturday night.. The first course was served at half-past four,, and: was the most- elaborate of -the series. Evory luxury- of tlio " Melicau iMpin's Market)"' as tho interpreter oxpres'sedit, was servbd upon the table for the 'purpose of tickling the palate of,,, the" American '.-ghost. Turkey, cliiqken',' quail) ' goose, duck, pigeons, prarj'e'cluckqn,;dqqr) antelope, and 'numberless othbr gamq waq q'eyyec,"7togetlieq jvitlj the uqiial allowance of ohampagne and Other, varieties pf imported, end Califprniaiy -wines, , In the upper room - where the principal banquet was progress ing, fifteen "round tables: woro- spreed'-with, 12 Qhinamen at each table. - In' a sort of - alcove, leading from the sum ' room, a long fable was spread in mqghificeht.' style /for 1 15 American guest'sl "' The "perfection to which the Gliinesp carried their cooking was q. matter of surprise fo' thq jepprtqr. Dgring the course an brangp'was laid ?)' the. plate of. each gupst.) 'Tlio ,'orangp it- aqlf, , appeared lib7'aTiy qthpr. prahge.'/biit. pn being cut opeq wafi found to contain within iho. rind fivo kinds of dolicate jollies. Qne, was .at first;puzzled to explain h'owvffhe. jollies got. to, aiid giving up' that train of reflection, was- in a worse quandary to know lioiv tho pulpy 'part of tho orange got' out. Coloured eggs were also served: to the inside of ' which were fnnrirl mite jollies; meats) ' aiid 1 confectionoiy.11" "Wlien, the repqrjier askeil . ;tl)0 , interpreter to oxplain thi(q'7 legerdemain of "cpokbryj ' hb : 'expanded liis' mouth to a ho'arty laugh, , and shook his head and chuokingly.' said, ',r Melican man lieaj) sharp, . why he- not. findee out ? " " " After feeding upon' bird's nests, succulept seaweed, laqd. ft yarjot7> f QJitoese vegetables, the 10- 1 porter, ""ivlib - liked the course) as fartosiit went I apdyvfis. detpfiuined to go jljougli the balance, ! informed the waiter' tliat lie' was ready for catq,, i rats, mice, ,&c.;, which he expected would'bo | ipart.of the entertainment. He was informed,' j however, thai such questionable -game did- not fpfiir'an" article pf.'phinese .dipt, and the.iptor- I prqter 'stated Jiis .peculiar 7yay Nc)vspaper ! mbn heap lie upon us.") The secoiid cqurse bo- j gap' at" 9 ' o'clock,', a-ii'd yyas . priiVcipq-Uy dovpted to j BqMng and' ipusip) Tea,7,'cqd'qpi apd rleq ! jyapdy were, the prhjcjpal driifiis indulged to by j jtiio Glitoamen) i;- The tea'was suq|i as.ene seldom 1 igels .outside. a . Chtooso restaurant. The cpffeo > was good, andthe rico brandy particularly do-- ! liglitful. - A. Ohtoeso wine, resembling ichani- i pa'gne, was also intro'ducbd, which had apepiiliar i odour like scent of ibses7: 'Pyramids1 of lid wers)1 ! itwolvo feot high, adorned the tables.--Saii ! ;Franoisco"NbwBlettbr' r " t 'T " 1 r i ' I »i' ' < T ' T - j 