tiOW I HEARD MY OWN WILL READ. It was wrong to bo led away by Scavenger. Scavenger was the third favourito for the St. Leger ; and a sporting prophet of some celebrity, Mr. Moonoy Dooetn, of Little lIocu3 sjtrcct, Lon- don-road, Manchester, nssured mo, for the mode rate consideration of three shillings and sixpence in postage stamps, that if I wanted to do a good thing for myself, the way to set about it was to back Scavenger with all the loose oash I could lay my hands on. Now, I am not a sporting man, and I don't know much of horseflesh. If I bad met Scaven ger drawing a parccls-delivory van, my sense of the fitness of thing-i would not have been jarred by the circumstance ; nevertheless, I like a race., Yes, lam passionately devoted toarace. Imakea pointof taking Mrs. Pettifer toEpsom and Hamp ton raeoscvery spring. I likechampagne and lob ster-salad. I like to wear a green veil, and to talk to admiring servant-girls at open windows on the dusty road. I used to like chaffing the tollkoeper — one feels so witty in a barouche and and pair. I like having my fortune told. I like coming homo in the evening with my mind in o pleasiug state of uncertainty as to whether it is the day before yesterday or the day after to morrow; and I like finishing the evening with iced punch, another lobster, and a "friendly rub-r-r-r." So I backed Scavenger. On Saturday I gave 6ix to five on him, on Monday I gavo five to four on him, and on Tuesday my partner, Peek (Peck and l'ettifer, solicitors, Gruy's-inn) made mo give him seven to three on that ubomin- able brule. Pc-ck always backs tho field. He is a cautious man, and never means to marry. He makes unpleasant puns about not wanting to be hen- Peeked. I have laughed at that doleful joke so long from sheer habit, that if I hoard it in a funeral sermon I believe I should burst into a loud guwaff ; and I give you my honour I never thought it funny in the wholo courao of my life. I am rather afraid of Peck, if the truth must be told, for I think he looks down upon me. I re member onco, after a jovial night we had toge ther, going to tho office next morning with a labyrinth of streaky red marks all over my face; and when I told him that 1 had awoke and found the cat walking over my face, he looked as if he didn't believe me. I backed Scavenger ; and then it struck mo that as Peck was going down to Doncastcr for tho St. Leger week, I really ought to go too. I could afford the week's holiday quite as well as Peck, though I was not a single man. So I told Mrs. Pettifer that I must run down to Yorkshire to wait on one of our be3t clients, who was going to marry his eldest daughter (to somebody elso of course), and who required my professional services for the preparation of the settlements. Now, I suppose Yorkshire sounded rather vague, for Mrs. Pettifer asked imme diately what part of Yorkshire I was going to. I replied, as immediately, Slitberem-on-the-Dwin- gey. Now, I don't know of any town answering to that name iu Yorkshire ; but that is no reason there should not be such a place, and I thought the address would be reassuring to Mrs. P. ; and eo it was. Unfortunately, she wanted me to write it down. I could not have spelt it if you had offered me a million of money ; so 1 told my esteemed Julia Maria that I would write to her the minute I reached Slitherem ; and so de parted. That brute Scavenger was nowhere, and ray loose cash was jingling in the pockets of the prudent Peck half an hour after the great race. The oup was won by an outsider of obscure lin eage, a rawboncd ehesnut animal with one white fore-leg, which made him look as if he had dress ed himself in a hurry and had forgotten to put on his other stocking. Peck had backed him, and came away from the course with his leathern pocket-book distended, as iu a dropsy, with bank-notes. I hated him with a deep and un dying hatred ; but as he asked me dine with him at the Heindeer, I went. He is a brute (perhaps I have said that be fore), but he is, on the whole, a generous brute, and he gave me a very good dinner. They know what a bottle of chamDagne is at the Reindeer, I can tell you; they can send you up something very creditable in the way of sparkling hock ; and if you've a fanoy for a bottle of old madeira, such as might rival Captain Cook for sea voy ages, don't be afraid to order it. We hud some of that madeira with our fish. We didn't go into " sparkling " till the next course comes in ; and when we were tired of champagne, we went in for burgundy. I think it was some time in tho fourth cou-se that I was rather annoyed by the very peculiar conduct of a partridge. It be gan by sliding about my plate, and persistently eluding my fork ; he then dipped— yes, this malicious bird absolutely dipped down, plate acd all, as if he were taking a sensation header, or going through a trap in the table-cloth. Next he dodged me — yos, dodged me from side to side; concealed himself behind -the bread sauce to avoid my knife ; till on my making a final effort to pinion him with my fork, he took to himself wings and flew away — intu Peek's shirt- front. I believe this gave rise to high words botween Peck and me; but I know we aftor wards shook bauds; and there was some- thingso really touching in our reconciliation that I wept. It was foolish of me to wipe my oyes upon my dinner-napkin, because I thereby introduced foreign particles in tho way of crumbs and mus tard into those optics, which injured my sight for tho rest of the evening ; but Pock said my conduct didcquallionourtomyhcadandmylicart. I think it was in the course of a speech lie said this ; and I believe ho paid mo some very high compliments on niy professional capacity and unblemished integrity. I felt grateful to him, though lie pronouueed it "Jeshnl epcty" aud " nblmshed tynly," and I didn't quite catch his meaning. This, of course, was after the clotn was removed, and we tvero taking our port and walnuts. I don't know wha tbrought Julia Maria (Mrs. Pett< fur) so vividly to my recollection at this time, but the image of that injured woman did recur to me, and my feelings got the better of me. I had not acted well towards tho wife of my bosom. I had not kept my promise ; I bad never written to her from Slitherem-on-the- Dwingey ; partly beoause I had not been there, and partly because I did not believe there was any plaec of that uarno in the map of Eng land. How we came to think about tho theatre, I don't know ; perhaps it was because we hud re ceived a circular from the manager of that place of cutcrtainmont, perhaps it was the landlord whosuggestcd the idea, perhaps it was tho waiter; at anyrate, there was Peck standing with his back to the firc-plaeo (0, what bail ho been doing to himself to uiako himself so iudistiuet and undulating ?( — there was Peck, looking at his watch, and sayiug that it was ouly half-past nine, aud that we might as well go aud look in j at the theatre. I don't know whether earthquakes are in digenous to Doncastcr, but that towu was cer tainly agitated by some convulsion of nature on this particular evening ; aud as the inhabitants appeared quite undisturbed by tho phcnouionon, I conclude that it was quite a common occur rence. As to that man who told us tho nearest way to the theatre, I hope he may come to an un timely end. Nearest way, indeed ! " Dear to your left down the street opposite, and then turn sharp round the first corner you come to, into a narrow lane." I did hear to my left, wboreby I bore right into a horso's mouth; and received a torreut of abusa from a stable-boy riding tho quadruped. The lad had been drinking — they will do it at these timosl — so I forgave him. Then, as to turuiDg shurp round the corner, did Inot turnsharp round thecorner, and didl not do tho bridge of my nose a serious injury against tho brickwork 'of tho corner house? I have never quite understood how we ultimately made our way into tho theatre ; but I think it was sideways, because I know something seemed to ho taking mo into the Market-pluce, which, as everybody knows, is adjacont to that building. Peek took me into a box near tho stage. Peck is a playgoing man, quotes Shakapearo and Maddi-on Morton iu his conversation. T take my family to sec tho pantomimes evory Christ mas; beyond that I a in not a connoisseur. Tho play was Hildebrand the Avenger, oi the Spectre of I/h Mount. Peck said it was trash ; I thought it interesting. Mrs. Hildebrand was a widow, Hildebrand having been murdered at some ro- mote period. She wore black cotton velvet, or namented with spiky embellishments in crochet- work. I knew it was cotton velvet, because it looked brown, and clung arouud her queenly form us she walked. Siio also wore pearls in her hair — tho correct costume, I daresay, of widows in the timo of Hildebrand the A. She was rather a big woman, and she might have been younger ; but she was a model of conjugal propriety ; and 0, didu't sho annihilate Hildebrand's bad brother in yellow boots, when he revealed a guilty passion which he had chce-yerished ho pronounced it " cheeyerished" — for a spaco of some ten or twenty years ! Now I should have enjoyed this dramatic entertainment verymuoh, — for I felt astrong interest in tho female Hilde brand, and I rather admired Yellow-boots, though he was a consummate villain, and had three super numerary consummate villains, dressed in green baize and bluchers, always ready to carry out any scheme of a criminal description — but thero was a vei-tuous steward, who talked a great deal more than auybody else, and who seamed to ob tain all the applause. I don't know how he came to be connected with the partridge that had soaggravated mo at dinner ; but he — the virtuous steward— was nearly related to that malignant bird, and from tho moment ho spied niein the corner of the boxes, he made a dead-set at me. Yes, at me! The abominableandabusive language he used I shall never forget. 0, ah ! ho mi<>ht pretend ho meant it for Yellow-boots (the noble- er Count-er, as he called bim) ; but when he said that " the man who didu't do so and so deserved the most ignominious treatment," it was at me he levelled his denunciations, and I felt myself the focus of a whole houseful of indignant eyes. I told Peck of this fact, but he said he bad not observed it. Peck never observes anything I asked my partner, if there was anything in my appearance calculated to attract the attention of that obnoxious steward ; and P. said I did look rather pale Suppose I did ; was that the virtuous steward's business or mine, pray ? and was I to ask his permission before I turned pale ? I felt pale, aud I rather fancied I looked inter'- esting: that black ballet-girl with the eyes— I mean that ballet-girl with the black eyes thought so, to judge by the way she stared at me. Well, now, who do you suppose that vir tuous steward was? The most experienced playgoer would have failed to fathom that secret. The virtuous steward was Hildobrand himself, who had been cleaning his own plate in his own butler's pantry, and waiting on his own wife, and depriving himself of all the comforts and privileges of bis station for ten years, for the sake of keeping his eye oa l'ellow-boots, who had intended to murder him, but had foolish! v en- j trusted the oarrving out of the business to no of the supernumerary viliians, who had evidently made a regular fiasco of ir. Now, was not that idea charmingly original ? I'm sure, when the virtuous steward thre-v off a white beard and a black cloak (how ever did he clean his plate or draw his corks in that cloak ?), you might have heard a pin drop. I did distinctly hear the wire springs of the beard when it fell on tho stage. And then there was such a burst of ap plause ! Aud then poor Yellow-boots (he was a handsome young man, aud would have beeu graceful if he had only been more settled in his ideas as to what he should do with his arm-) was led away by his own minions, with a view to instantaneous execution. Perhaps he had been behindhand with their wages, for they really seemed glad to do it. How ever it came about, I don't know; but all of a sudden we were behind the scenes. It was very dark, and there were a good many stairs, and somebody tumbled down, aud I hurt myself. Peck kuew the manager; acd it was by some occult and backstairs influence on the part of Peok that wo had gained admittance to tlineo sacred precincts. And there was Yellow- boots dressed in the costume of private life, smokinga mccrscliaum-pipo and playingdomiuoes with the virtuous steward. My first impulse w.i3 to strangle the V.S., on account of those abusive remarks ho had made about me; but Peck said I had better not ; and then I found that I actually lind a stroug feeling of friendship for the Y.S., and that I should respect and ad mire him to my dying day. I think presently the manager wanted to turn me out, because, I was something that began with a d, and disorderly. I know that I was a model of gentlemanly propriety, and that tho remark was tho cmauution of an envious mind ; so I Hid not resent it. But Peek told tho man ager 1 was a jolly good fellow, and as quiet as a lamb when I was something that began with an s, and he invited the manager to come aud sup with us at the Reindeer, which the manager consented to do. Thoy gave us a spateh-cock and curried lob ster for supper; and this time wo tried the sparkling moselle, quite a lady's wine, and not the sort of stuff to get into your head, especially if you laid a good foundation of old 'dry sherry and bitter beer, as I did. Wasu't that manager a glorious fellow too? And couldn't ho sing a comic song too? And did not Peck and I join in tho chorus? 0, it was such a song ! There wore seven murders and niue ghosts in it; aud really, though you were ready to cxpiro with laughing while you hoard it sung, it was not the sort of thing to think of afterwards when you found yourself alone in the dark. After supper I proposed the manager, with all tho honours; and tlio manager proposed Peek and me all with the honours ; and we drank the theatrical profession, out of compliment to the manager ; and tho mnnngcr proposed the law, out of compliment to Peck and me. Did ho not make a witty speech about landsharks and bilgowater? I believe it was extracted from the drama of Slack-eyed Susan; But tho manager passed it of as original. And then Peek returned thanks, in a speech that was positively affecting ; and then wo drank tho ladies — not that tbero were any present, but tho fair sex in general ; Peck said, tho blaok oyed ballot girl in particular : but of course Peck is a single man. And then we went to tho station. Yes we went to tho station, though I don't particularly . rcmomber how wc went. Wo had been to bed, of courso, because it was six o'clock to-morrow morning, aud thero wc were at the station. Wc might havo had a cab, or wo might have walked down and carried our carpet bags oursolves — I can't say which; but I am ready to make an affidavit, that it was six o'clock a.m., and thero wc were on tho platform. Mow that clerk we took our tickets from camo to be my second cousin Mary Jane Thomas's husband, who died when I was a little boy, I don't know ; but Mary Jane T 's husband he was ; and what's more, I was not in tho least surprised to boo him. Neither did I perceive anything incongruous in tho conduct of the manager, though, on my turning round to wish him good-bye, he all at once grew so like my great auut, Storkins — Aunt Storkins was in trado once, and no Pettifer ever would , notice anybody conncoted with trade — that I could have taken him for that eldorly in dividual, if I had not known all tho time that be was the manager as well. Talk of a long journey ! I conclude we went express, because we didu't stop any « here; but, upon my honour, it seemed to mo as if we began that journey in tho period of tho old red sandstone, and didn't reach our destination till the reign of Queen Victoria. Eons and eons seemed to pass away, and still that Wandcriug Jew of an express train tore onward on its in terminable course; and there was Peck sitting opposite me eating sandwiches the whole time. He wasn't always Peck, by the bye; sometimes ha was Earl Russell ; once he was the Emperor Nero, with a faiut tinge of Mr. Alfred Tennyson ; bnt there was an under current of himself perceptible all the time. How we came to pass Bagdad I don't know, unless it was through tho stupidity of the engine-driver ; bnt I remember somebody point ing to a city which soemed to be constructed of briek-and- mortar pepper-boxes ahd fisc- sauee bottles with tall stoppers, and which Peek declared to be that ancient capital of the Saraoenic Caliphs. In spite of everything, wo reached London at half-past ton a.m.,; and beforo'T knew where I was, I found myself oppositely own door, No. 4 Montefiaseo-villas, Denmark-hill. When I say my own door, I am bound to add that at Brst I could hardly believe it to be my own door ; for of. all the stylish funerals I ever remembered seeing, the most stylish was just starting from No. 4 Montefiasco-villas. Such ponderous mutes ! I knew the grief depicted in in their rubicund faces could 'not have cost a trifle. Such feathers! I clung convulsively to the palings, for my thoughts reverted to Julia Maria. I remembered the gnilty deception which had attended my departure from home, and T felt a conscience-stricken man. Our parlour-maid, Mary, was standing at the garden-gate, gaping after the dismal cortege. I gasped out — " Whose funeral ? Not your mistress's?" " No, sir; master's." Yes; she said it quite distinctly; "master's." " Stop a minute, "'I said " Collect yourself, Mary ; you may havo been availing yourself of a false key to the oelaret. Calm yourself, my good girl, and try back. Whose funeral ?" " Master's, sir. Fatal collision " (she said " kiision ") "on the Siitherem-on-the Dwingey Railroad. Poor Mr. Pettifor brought home on a shutter !" Slitherem-on-the-Dwingey ! The girl had the name of that mysterious vicinity as pat as I have my A B C, — perhaps patter. I was a little thrown off mv moral equilibrium, but I was not going to give way ; 90 I said — " Don't you know me, Mary ?" The giri stared at me with that vacuous ex pression peculiar to the lower classes. " I never saw you before, sir, to my know ledge." This was too much. I strode past the girl, and up the gravel-walk ; but she stopped me, and said she didn't think her mistress would see a stranger to day. I used bad language; I said, " Fiddlesticks' ends !" And I .went into the house. She told me, this pert menial, to wipe my shoes on my own mat, that I might not injure my own carpet; and she looked at me, when she showed me into ray own drawing-room, very much as if she thought I might mean to purloin some of my owu uickcacks. There was a newspaper on the tabie. I took it up meohanioally. It was the Slitherem-on- the-Dwingey Chronicle and Monday Morning Advertiser. Good gracious me ! this Slitherem- on-the-Dwingey — a plaoe the very narno of which I believed to be an emanation of my own brain, devised to pacify Mrs. Pettifer — seemed! to have sprung into life by some mysterious ; agency, and to have become a flourishing city. | The paper was full of advertisements, which j plainly showed that Slitherem was a populous ! place. One column was inarkid with a long j black streak, evideutly tho work of a soft quill i pen. I read that column. It was n detailed j account of tho fatal accident on tho D aingey- Junction line, between the stations of Slitherem i aud Slopoydregon, — I never invented- Slopey- ! dregon ; that place was a frightful reality, — aud j of the subsequent death of Mr. Agustus Pettifer, j solicitor, of Gray's Inn, from injuries received; ! therein. j Y'cs; tiicre was tho full particulars. Tho j engine had run off the bank, and I, with several ; other passeugers, had been precipitated into a j field at some distance from tho railroad, fear- ! fully mutilated. Fearfully mutilated 1 \res; \ that was the expression. ! Tho door opened, and admitted Julia Maria; Pettifer, in tears and a widow's cap. In | mourning for inc.' Things were really growing . unpleasant. "Julia Maria!" I was about to! exclaim ; but I had scarcely enunciate tho J \ beforo she interrupted 111c by burying her face iu her pocket-handkerchief with a sound as of j choking. ! I felt very awkward ; here was I expected to console my own wife for my own loss ! After an embarrassing pause of some momcuts, Julia Maria emerged from behind the pocket-haudker- chief. I don't know what she had been doing, but her eyes were not at all red. I took a note of that. "All, sir," she said, "you perhaps were a friend of the dear departed." Well, I flattered myself I was. " But," I ejaculated. " Ju — " Sho stopped mo short at the Ju. " In that case," sho said, " I am sorry you j did not arrive in time to attend the funeral. There was a vacant placo in one of the carriages. Mr. Spivins had the toothache, and couldn't come." 0, Spivins had the toothacho, had he ! and it was too much trouble to atteud my funeral 1 I took another note of Spivins s toothache — I had lent Spivins money. " But as you were a friend of tho dear departed, you may like to hoar tho will read," continued my wife. "It will bo read in the dining-room at 0110 o'cldck. Yon would perhaps j wish to bo present; you may bo interested." Having said whiob, sho went back iuto the pockct-haudkcrchief and out of tho room. Now what did it all mean ? That was the question I put tc myself. What did it all mean ? Could it be possible that auy 'impostor had had the impertineucc to bo killed ou tho Dwingey-Junction in my name, brought homo to my house on a shutter, and had oven carried his audacity so far as to go and bo buried in my coffin in my family vault iu Norwood cemetery? I had bcru induced to purchase a family vault by Julia Maria, though really I had thought it a foolish investment, because, of course, if I died, somebody must bury me, or if they did not choose to go to that expense, it would be their look-out. One thing may strike tho reader as rather singular — it struck me in that light myself — namely, that I did not explain myself; that I did'nt say to Julia Maria, "Take off that widow's cap, and put that absurd handkerchief in your pooket, and draw the blinds up. For this is me ; and I never went to Slithcrem-on-the Divin- gey in my life, and consequently never came . home on a shutter," and so on. The fact is, that I was continually trying to say these very words, and I continually couldn't. This failure I attribu ted to two causes. First, the pain at my chest — 0, such a pain — a weight, an oppression ! I don t suppose anybody ever had an Atlas omnibus, full inside and out, settled on their Jungs ; but ODly a person who had laboured under such a disease could form a just estimate of my sensations. Secondly, really, what with the parlour-maid's asseverations, Julia Maria's mourning, and the graphic account of the accident in the newspaper, I was in a manner beginning to believe in Slitherem-on-the- Dwingey. Suppose I had been killed? Sup pose 1 had been brought home on a shutter, and didn't know it? There .was an awful situa tion ! I pinched myself ; it was painful. There was a fire in the grate; I laid hold of the bars; that was painful, very, and I believe I swore ; but 0, it was such a comfort to feel that I was mortal, that I could have blessed anybody for treading upon my pet corn. It was a nioo thing to be asked into my own 'dining-room to hear my own will read There was Peck, in a suit of black with ebony death's- heads for studs — he always had a playful fancv, — sitting in one of my morocco chairs at the top of my patent telescopic dining-table. He seemed to bavo forgotten all about Doucaster I tried to recall it to his recollection, but a temporary paralysis of the vocal organs prevented me. I suppose our dining-room must have been built ou some newly-invented expanding principle, because it certainly was not as large as Exeter-hall when I left home; and in the matter of cubic feet it decidedly had the advantage of that edifice now. It was really edifying to sit and hear how I had disposed of my property. There was a picture I rather prided myself upon — a Titian, a genuine Titian. .The man I bought it from said it was, and of course he ought to know. Now, I had bequeathed this picture to Peck ; Pock was not a bad fellow on the wi.ole, and had stood my friend once or twice with Julia | Maria after our masonic dinner in Great Queen- I street ; and what do ycu think was Peck's | remark on reading the passage in my will which made him possessor of this gem? "Poor fellow!" he said; " I appreciate bis bind feeling; but he wouidn't have known a Reynolds from a Mor- land, aud he always considered Michael Angelo and Buonarotti two distinct artists. The thine is the vilest daub that ever came out of Wardour-street." I tried to express my indig- uation, but auother touch of paralysis was too much for me, aud I took another note. Peck — daub — Wardour-street. I had learnt Beniowski's system of artificial memory, and I checked off those three heads on the fire-irons. After the will was read, we all gathered round the fire, and we really became quite sociable. Mary, the parlcur-.maid, brought in a tray of decanters. Didn't the wine go to work ! — my '48 port in particular. I don't know who it was that suggested smoking; but we all looked at eaeh other; and presently some one — I think it was Peck — said there was a box of poor Pottifer's cheroots iu the sideboard drawer, and as it wasn't likely he would ever smoke them, we might as well blow a cloud. And so there was I, thanking Peok for one of my owu cigars. Our conversation was very melancholy at first; but presently we beoame a little tuoro re 1 signed; afterwards we grew quite cheerful; au.i at last, upon my word, we were 11 1 most uproar ious. Peck told one of his best stories. 1 knew it by heart, and I laughed in the wrong place, and I10 scowled at mo. I did it on purpose. Ha, ha 1 that vengeance at least was within my power. It was very pleasant, too, to be taken by the button and told a good stoiy about myself, tho point of which was, that I had made a consum mate fool of myself; and I think if Peck told mc one such story he told me six ; and what's more, I laughed — yes, I actually laughed. I think it was Peck proposed that as we'd had a very melancholy morning, we should run down to Greenwich and take a bit of dinner at tho Crowu and Sceptre — of course iu a quiet way. " Wc shall find plenty of hansoms at Camber- well-green," said Peck ; and off we went. Now, when I say oft' we went, I mean to say off they went, for I did not go; and yet 1 wanted to go, and yet I kept coutiuually trying to go, and yet I continually seemed to be going; but go I did not. Go I did not; for the substantial macadam of Denmark-hill trans formed itself all in a moment into tho airy nothingness of the Goodwin-sands, and I folt myself suddenly going down, down, down into | a fathomless gulf, like anothor Edgar "Ravens- I wood. I Two broken wino glusses, a plate of oyster i and lobster shells, a play bill, a eaudlestick, and | my boots ! Wheu I opened my oyes at tho bottom of tho fathomless gulf, these were the articles which met my bewildered gaze. They were ou the table above my bead ; my feet were in tbo boots, aud I was lying on the floor of that apartment in tho Reindeer in which Peck, the manager, aud I had partaken of j supper prior to my bearing my owu . will read, j I was lying on my buck on the floor, with my , feet on the table abovo me; and that is not' a pleasant attitude in which to abandon oneself to 'slumber. I had one corkscrew, two balance- | handle knives, and tho rieok of a champagne- bottle exactly under the small of my back. . , Those trifles did not add to the comfort of my i position ; and when I toll you that- my head ! 1 was against a sharp corner of tho fender, and | that I found tho heel of the manager's varnished I boot planted upon my ohost, you will not per- | haps wouder that I had assisted at' the reading : Of my own will. j Yes, it had been only a hideous dream, after all ; and there was the manager, asleep in an I easy chair, with my chest for a footstool, and look ing quite aggravatingly comfortuble. There ' ! was Peck, too, in another easy-otiuir, wiili a ! pookct-haudkerohiof over his face, looking still j more aggravatingly comfortable. We had a 1 splendid breakfast, plenty of soda water and | green ten, and started (it really was to-morrow) 1 by tho afternoon express-train; and at eight ! o'clock in the evening I was sou ted before the : s. oial board, quaffing with Mrs. Pettifer the oup ! that cheers and does not do the other thing, in j the sacred shelter of my own home. I told her a good deal, if I did not tell her I exactly all; aud never again, Julia Mariu, never again ! No more Siithercm-on-tho-Dwingpys, no more St. Lcgor stakes, no more Scavengers, j no tnoro Reindeers, and no more last wills aud | testaraonts. No; we will go to Epsom in tho spring- timo of tho coming year, aud hob and nob out of our modest bottle of moselle, as a steady married couple should do. But, dream or no dream, I mean to revenue myself upon Peck for his impertinence about that picture. Withdrawal from Teju'obakv Commox at Adelono. — It 19 notified that the portion of land hereafter described has been withdrawn from tho temporary commonage at Adolong, for salo in right of improvements County of Wynyard, parish of Adolong, portions 489 to 507. County of Wynyard, parish of Adelong, portion -14o. Conuty of Wynyard, parish of Adolong, portion Ai'ruovED Claims for Undefined Pre-emptive Leases. — It is notified for the information of all .persons concerned, that, under tho provisions of the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1801, claims for pro-omptive losses have boon made by tho persons enumerated in the subjoined list, in ri"ht of the soverul portions of fund therein referrod to, and havo beon approved subject to the con ditions sot forth in tho regulations of 1st No vember, 1861. 2. Applicants are reminded that tho rents of the lands in quostion for the half-year comtnoncing on the! 1st of July, 1875, must be paid to the agent for the sale of Crown lands of tho district in which thoy ore situated, or to the Treasuror in Sydney, within two months from this date. Tho rent of leases is at the rato of £1 per lot por annum for all lots not exceeding 320 acres, and at tho rate of £2 per section" per annum for all lots above that area. Tho sums hereunder shown are those which must therefore be paid for tbo lots. The renewal of rent for 1876 of uny of these loasos must bo paid in the month of September noxt. Gondagai. Lawrence Roche, Gundagai, 120 acres, rent 10s,, county of Buccleugb, parish of Nanangroo. W. Cullinane, Gundagai, 360 acres, rent Us. 3d., county of Buccleugb, parish of Goburra- long. Eobt. A. Hozlett, Gundagai, 240 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Tarra- bandra. Lachlan M'Leau, South Gundagai, 480 ucres, rent 15s., county of Wynyard, parish of Willie Ploma. Tumot. Jas. Naughton, Tumut, 360 acres, rent Us. 3d., county of Buccleugb, parish of Blowering. Elias Court, Turaut, 120 acres, rent 10s., county of Buccleugb, parish of Bogoug. Alfred Dean, Adelong, 150 ucres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Wondalga. James Syphers, Tumut, 240 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Wondalga. Wagga Wagga. A. Mackenzie, Gundagai, 480 acres, rent 15s., county of Clarendon, parish of Hurley. John Daley, Gundagai, 480 ucres, rent 15s,, county of Clarendon, parish of Hurley. Annie J. M'Kiunon, Wagga Wagga, 300 acres, rent 10s., county of Clarendon, parish of ' Bilda. James Brooker, Wagga Wagga, 234 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Rowan. James Graham, Wagga Wagga, 285 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Rowan. Bridget M. Dounelly, Wagga Wagga, 439 acres, rent 13s. 8d., county of Wynyurd, parish of Tarcutta. Mary Ryan, Wagga Wagga, 300 acres, rout 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of. Cunningdroo. Ilenry Cleny, Wagga Wagga, 120 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynyard, parish of Bulalgee. Yass. . William Hills, Crookwol!,'450 acros, rent 14s. Id., county of King, purish-of Grabben Gallon. Thos. Donling, Dalton, 120 acres, rent 10s., county of King, purisb of Kildure. L. Corbitt, Wheeo, -180 acres, rent 15s., county of King, purisb of Winduella. E. M'Dermott, Wheeo, 240 ucres, rent 10s., county of K;ng, parish of Grabben Gullen. G. Lanhaiu, Gunning, 279 ucres, rout 10s., county of King, parish of Nelauglo. Young. P. W. Mnlcahy, Young, 360 acres, rent lis. 3d., county of Bland, parish of Congou. W. H. Davidson, Cootamundry, 600 acres, rent 13a. 9-j., cour.tv of Bland, pariah of Tumble- ton. 