THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. We have more thanonce called attention to what is undoubtedly a great improve ment in the Australasian Wesleyan Con ference. Until recently the Conference' has been composed of ministers alone, in whom the supreme power of legislation for the Church was vested. At a Con ference held in Sydney, however, in 1873, the principle of lay representation in the annual and united Conferences was affirmed " within limits to be subse quently defined." At the recent Con ference held in Melbourne, a new Consti tution was drawn up, submitted to the Assembly, and, after considerable amendments and alterations, was finally passed. We have received from the JEtev. James Bickford a copy of the minutes of [ this the first General • Conference, which contains the text of the new Constitu tion ; and, as-the movements of the Wes leyan body are of no small importance to the general progress and welfare of the colonies, we shall call attention' to some things in the new Constitution which, if sanctioned by the British Conference, will henceforth be Wesleyan Conference law in these colonies. The Conference is in future to consist of an equal number of ministers and lay men; and this is a principle which appears to be sound enough, supposing that the lay and the clerical delegates are to be possessed of equal powers. This was un questionably the object of the movement. But when we look at the Constitution we find that on some of the subjects in which, to say the least, the laymen have as deep an interest as the ministers, the former have no voice at all. The lay element is introduced within certain limits which will considerably lessen its value. The Church is to be divided into four Conference's. 1,'New South Wales and Queensland; 2, Victoria and Tas mania; 3, South Australia (including Western Australia); and 4, New Zea land. These Conferences are to meet annually, and there is to be a General Conference including these every three years as a rule. The Constitution to which we'have referred applies to all the Conferences.. One of the clauses of the Constitution contains the following singular provision : —In the exercise of the aforesaid powers by the Annual Conference the ministers alom shall—-1, Elect the Presidents and Secretaries of the re spective Conferences, and the Chairmen of Districts. 2, Dispose of all matters comprised in the subjoined questions:— Who are now admitted as ministers into full connexion; what preachers remain on trial; what preachers are now received on trial; what students are to continue to have theological training ; what candi dates are now received for theological training; who are now admitted as native ministers; who remain as native preachers on trial; who are received as native preachers on trial ; what .ministers become supernumeraries; what super numeraries return to the regular work ; what ministers have died since . the last Conference; are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial; "what persons who were in full. connexion with the Con ference-have. now ceased to be recognised, as mixiistere' amongst ;us; how are. our ministers and preachers on trial stationed for the ensuing year. , 3, Determine all' appeals affecting the status of our'mem bers a3 provided for in our existing rules." All these questions are to be solely in the hands of the ministers, and the lay men wiff not be allowed to touch them. Then we find that in order that the clergy may have full and uncontrolled power in these matters, the ministerial members of the Conference are to meet alone during the first four days of tbo sessions of each Conference, and also at such other times as will not interfere with the general business of the Conference. We have n ot much acquaintance with the inner life of Wesleyanism; but it strikes us as an abuse of terms to say that the lay element has been introduced into the Conference while the ministers make such a large reservation of the business to be done for themselves alone. Surely the laymen have a considerable interest in such- questions as the election of Presi dents and. Secretaries; the character of the ministers ; and the stationing of the ministers ; also as to what ministers have died, and; who have ceased to be minis ters. The preamble to the Constitution seems to give the reasons why the minis ters have gone such a very short way in admitting the laymen to a share of the business of the Conference. The preamble says, inter alia:—"Whereas at the Gene . ral Conference held in Melbourne, in 1875, it was resolved that—whilst such Conference distinctly asserted its main tenance of the New Testament doctrine, that the ministry derives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of 'taking heed to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the Church, of Go'd,' de volves £the solemn responsibility o.f en forcing godly discipline, and administering the pastoral government of ithe Church; and whilst it regarded this principle as■ being essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, rtnd so vital to the constitution of Weslejran Methodism that in the admission of laymen.as mem bers of the Conference it must be held to be aacred and inviolable—it appeared to such Conference to be advisable that the principle of lay representation should be applied with the least possible delay," &c.; Wow, this appears to us to be an extraor dinary doctrine to affirm, and to carry with it, in the sense in which it is understood by those who affirm it, the maintenance of the ministry as a distinct spiritual caste, a divinely constituted order, lifted above and not amenable to the whole body of the Church. Is this really the doctrine of Wesleyan Methodism? We know cf no other Church but one, and that is the Roman Catholic, that ever put forth such high pretensions. The words are not so much, taken by them selves ; it is the interpretation put upon them, and carried into practical operation by excluding the lay voice from everything pertaining to the re verend gentlemen, that awakens our surprise. This is indeed to be priest ridden with a vengeance! We see that already the laymen at Ballarat and Adelaide have protested against this part of^the new Constitution, and we are not surprised at their doing so. What the result will be, of course, we do not know; but to put this forward as an admission of the lay element in the pro ceedings of the Conference, strikes us as something little better than a farce, a3 keeping the word of promise to the ear and breaking it to the hope. 