GENERAL NEWS. It Is stated, in the American papers that Messrs. Ware and M'Goodwin, of Danville, Kentucky, have purchased the celebrated bull 3rd Duke of Oneida from Messrs. Grimes and Montgomery, of Oliio. The sunt paid is understood to have been 15,000! dollars, or 3,000 guineas. It will be recol- j leeted that the dam of this bull, IGth Duchess of Geneva, sold for 35,000 dollars at the New York Mills sale, and is now breeding well in the famous herd of the Earl of Beetive at Unredley Hail. . The fatal issue of a duel between two persons well-known in Italy has (says 'Galig nasii) for some days past engrossed all conversation at Rome. The son of Mr. Mancini, a former Minister, and the great est lawyer-in the country, is a captain of BersagUeri in garrison at Milan, where he resided with his wife, who," as Signora Cattermoll, had obtained some success with her poems. Gapt. Maaicini, having had his suspicious aroused, at last obtained positive proof 'of her improper intimacy .with one of. his friends, M. Benatide Baylon, a young man of good family. A hostile meeting with pistols was the consequence, and the latter was shot in the breast, and died a few days after at the age cf 29. As to the wife, the husband, merely sent lier to her family. Subsequently, at the funeral of -the deceased, the attendance was remarked of a: woman, dressed ; in black,, and appearing I deeply moved. After the grave had been closed, she proceeded to a stone cross, before which she knelt, and, drawing from her pocket a bottle of sulphuric acid, swallowed it at a draught, and fell' inanimate. It was the guilty woman's femme de chambre, ■whose disclosures- had led to the young j man'sdeatli. He remorse led herto attempt, suicide, and her recovery is despaired of. There is enough of heroism and nerve in the way a Tennessee locomotive engineer met his death to temper with sympathy the judgment which his foolhardiness deserves. He was employed on-the Georgian andEast Tennessee Railroad, and was cautiously j working his way over Ahe track with ia pas senger train, just after the recent floods had subsided. -He reached Sweetwater Creek, over which a temporary "bridge had been thrown to replace the onewashed away by the swollen waters. ■ It Seemed insecure, and lie feared toi risk his train and passengers in crossing it; so uncoupling,the engine from the tender j «nd ordering die- fireman to leave his post that but one life would be endangered, he dashed at full speed for the other bank. There were moments of-breathless suspense, then a crash of broken timbers, Sin explosion, a cloud of steam, and a wrecked engine. The engineer was seen no more ; ■ the rushing river into which, lie fell swept his body far away, leaving his name, David Hallo >?ay, to memorialise his generous but reckless act. OJd Swinford Churchyard, Worcester shire, .was the scene of an extraordinary affair on the 21st. June. . More than a thousand people assembled in anticipation of a funeral which, it was rumored would not pass off quietly, opposition being offered to the interment of an innkeeper's wife in a family vault. ; The!vault had been opened on Saturday, the 39th of June, but it was found bricked up on Monday, and the gravedigger at the last moment opened up an ordinary . grave. "When the funeral party arrived j: loud cries of "Open the vault" arose,1' Men" set to work to remove the masonry, the mourners waited the issue. The opponents of the proceedings were so greatly tml-numbered that they did not resist, and a body of police were present to keep the peace. The vault being opened, the coffin was -lowered, and a loud and triumphantcheerarose. The service, which had been suspended half an hour, was con cluded, and the men who opened the vault bricked it up themselves, and also filled in the unused grave.' It was stated by persons present thafcif the coffin had been placed in the gtave it would have been removed to the vault during the night.' The following ;storv is related by the Ballarst ■ cbtrespcindent of the Pleasant Creeh News:—" About IS months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe; truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood an old- family coursing through his veins, Carried,afid left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentlemen in question attracted just tha t small amount of notice usually accorded by the world'td tone who sometimess can afford threepenny-worth "of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but mope fi^iwntly/caSmp'C;, How ever, a few friends .did- assemble together, and wish all happiness to tlie'n^Wly-wedded pair, who shortly stipjuai vaway from us nnperceived, and not mi&secL; When I state the <vife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor\a8 ,ithemanshe knelt beside at the altar, J^^hali l^aye said all that *ieed be said concerning a'iuMriRge of wiiich few were aware,* and «abbut which as many cared. Hard work in another .colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the -f lilfiUmeni of a, long and affec tionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge, kith or kin. on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each, other when they pljglited their, troth. Now mark, what ibe'whirligig" of time brought. In April last lie .^husband was il wanted" not by the police, but by a firm of soli- j citors, wha then jilaced him in possession of some, river-side property in London, the rent-roll of - which means a. little over £13,000 annually. He had- kin, but so-far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached Sydney last told of further favors in store for the"; fortunate couple. The wife had -succeeded, not to a titler but to what is better, £34,000, be queathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful; and of whose* whereabouts, and—as events have proved—riches she had not the ghost of an idea.?': A ^responding sends the Pall MM Gazette the following as the Sultan of Zan zibar's! impressions of Ms visit to England. He said, I Lave now seen with jay- eves what I have so • long desired to see, her Majesty Queen of: England. My Father, who has been taken to, the mercy of the Merciful, used often to -talk to us of the Queen Victoria; but he died without seeing her. ; I' now tell you why I have so often said it .WHS the summit of my ambition to see the face of her Majesty. It was this:— I have ;met many Englishmen in my time, not only of the IJoyal navy i*nd army, but also civilians, merchants, and travellers, and I wonder, why they all spoke- of their Sovereign,, not in a formal way as did the people of other nations, but with enthusiasm and affection. This made nie mentally to liken her to that mountain of loadstone mentioned ..in the * Thousand and One Nights,' which drew the .nails out of the sides of the ships which passed that way. Even so did the liearts.of the Englishmen I have hitherto met seem to be drawn as by a magnet-to her Majesty. I come to England and find the same hearty loyalty pervading all classes. You saw the thou sands the other eyeuiug attlie Crystal Palace: all staud up when tliey heard the music played the Queen's hymn. No one tells; them to stand, but they stand up of their i own accord from affection to her. And, no wonder; for verily she is the centre of all the glory, all the greatness, all" the pros perity of this grand Empire. And she is a woman too! Praise be to the Sovereign Creator who endows whom He will with fitness to rule and with qualities to attract loyalty and affection! I faucied I should have been overwhelmed when I. had the high honor of seeing the face of the Queen. I was, indeed, wonderstruck with all the sumptuousness which surrounded her ■ but hers is the simple majesty which captivates, not that which bewilders. Nevertheless, she was majestic in her simplicity, and my heart went for her when I saw the two princesses, her Royal Slaughters, by her side, and remembered that her beloved Consort had been ta"keii tb the mercy of God.... May jthat: greatr'God bless her and her ,Roya,l ■offspring, and. the mighty people over whom she rules. I can say no more, | for words fail de to express what my heart feels. A thousand times I say, God bless her." The first large parcel of wrapping paper, manufactured from the sword rush by Mr. Ramsden, of Melbourne, arrived at Port land by the Rob Roy on the 9th inst. The Express says that "the paper is of an un deniable superior quality, and far surpasses anything of the kind we have seen in use, both as regards color, toughness, cleanliness and finish: and as it can be manufactured and sold at the usual trade price, there is nothing to prevent an extensive business being done in the article." The strength, of the ruling passion was recently exemplified, and in a very remark able manner, by a Riverine squatter, who had the usual horror of his class against free selectors. While in town he had pur chased, at the instigation of the wife of his bosom, a remarkably handsome carpet. This was laid down in the drawing-room at the station, and Mr, Boris gave a grand party in honor of his new acquisition. Shortly before -midnight the slumbers of his wife were broken by the apparition of her lord and master, who came to her bed side, a candle in one'hand and a corkscrew in the other. " Polly, my love, that ruffian Maloney has taken .'up forty acres, on the new carpet. Here, my dear," showing the screw, " is one o£ the blackguard's pegs.— Atticus." The O'Connell Centenary has proved too much for the verse makers, and the number of odes which have been written upon the occasion is larger than one would care to count upon a hot summer's day. One poet aster showed a " ponie'' a hundred yards long, which he had composed, to a brother irish man. The Mend took a cautious and criti cal glance at the first half-dozen lines. "It won't do.", " Shure, there's plenty of fire in it." " Oh yes; but there won't be enough until you have put it into the grate alto gether."—" Atticus"" in Leader. A startling rumor is in circulation, attri buting to the proprietors of the Times the intention of publishing that journal simul taneously in the chief cities of the kingdom. This if to be accomplished by the use of composing machines, which will be actuated by electricity from the chief machine in London, so that the type -will be set up simultaneously at all the stations. There is nothing incredible in the broad statement, but there are such a vast number of small difficulties to be overcome that those who know most of the business are the least credulous. As it is, the London papers are procurable in towns two hundred miles from London before ten o'clock in the fore noon. There seems, however, to be an im pression that the Times must do something to maintain its prestige, and it is out of this ; conviction that the rumour has no doubt sprung. The improvements in the collection and dissemination of news are alarmingly levelling in their tendency. Holx,oway"s Pitts.—The diseases com- i mon to our climate and endangering man's physical condition -will always exist, though many may be mitigated and their effects removed by timely aid appropriately applied | at the proper time. Holloway's Pills are acknowledged far and wide to be the most effective purifier of. the blood, the most certain regulator of disordered organs, and! the. most innocent aperient that can be pre scribed. This medicine is applicable to all alike, young or old, robust or delicate j it increases the appetite and controls all de rangements'. of . thet gbty^e(U.\ After. -the disorder is ' subdued : occasional doses of these Pills will prevent any relapse, and moreover secure, promote and intensify the good results which flow from perfect purity and regularity. It has been Baid by an eminent Medical Practitioner in New Orleans, " give me 8 supply of "Weston's Wizaed On." and " Magic Puis" and I will, go through the World and cure all the diseases the human subject is heir to." Be this as it may, it. is an iidi-putHble fact, that majtv wondebfux CURES HAVE been EFFECTED BT THESE JCSTLY celebrated MEDICINES. 'Frr Headache, whether sick or nervous; Rheumatism, Lum bago, pains and Weakness in the Back, Spine, or Kidneys, Pains around the Liver, P'suriey, Swellings cf the Joints, Pain* in.tre Bowels, and for all Xervoun and •inflinimatory aches and pains, Weston's WizabdOu. and Magic Puis win afford immediate ease ; and their aontinued use for a few days will effect a per fect cure. 