MISCELLANEA. Missions.— Much has been said derogatory to the mission labours of the Olmrch of Christ. The results have been declared to be paltry. We have been told that vast sums of money are annually expended, for which no adequate returns can be shown. Missionaries have been represented as drawing upon their imagination in describing the fruits of their labours. Missionary meetings have been held up to scorn. We have been advised to curtail o\ir foreign work and concentrate our energies on the uneducated, unevangelised masses at home. The following facts constitute an array of testimony more than adequate to answer all such allegations. They reveal a work going forward for the world's Ohristianisation of astonishing magnitude, and show triumphs already achieved which ought to awaken in us gratitude and wonder, and stimulate us to unwearying effort. Outside the bounds of Christendom 4000 centres of Christian teaching and practice have been established, 31,000 Christian labourers are in the field, 600,000 youths of both sexes are receiving a Christian education, and 2500 congregations, embracing 273,000 members, have been organised. In India and Burmah alone are 7480 labourers, with nearly 3000 stations and outstations, and 70,857 communicants. Upwards of 90,000 Fijians. who within the generation were cannibals, now assemble every Sabbath to worship God. The largest church in the world, numbering 4500 members, is in tlie island of Hawaii, whose, inhabitants fifty years ago were sunk in the most debasing savageism. 200,000 of the inhabitants of Madagascar, including the Queen and the Prime Minister, are adherents to Christianity. The Karens of Burmah have been Christianised by the Baptists ; the Sandwich Islanders by the American Mission* Board ; the G-reenlanders by the Moravians ; the Fijians by the Wesleyans ; and the inhabitants of Mada gascar by the London Missionary Society. In more than 300 islands of eastern and southern Polynesia, heathenism has been entirely overthrown. In no spirit of contemptuousness, but in a simple regard to truth and right, we may surely be permitted to ask the question, when the plans for the production of a new moral world — consisting in mere social reforms, the diffu sion of secular knowledge, lectures on science and the like, as proposed by Owen, Bradlaugh, Compte, and a hundred more — will show triumphs in the enterprise of the world's elevation such as these? 'A tree is known by its fruits.' Dean Stanley. — In recently preaching the University sermon at Oxford, the Dean took as his text Genesis xxxii. 2 — 'What is thy name ?' If asked our name, we might answer we were not ashamed of our origin or destiny. To determine that, we must ask not only what our physical structure is, but what our inner being. ' Do what you like with my body; my body is not I,' was the exclamation of the martyr. The self of a man was what is called his soul. There was the earthly man, the natural^ and, above all, the spiritual man ; the last shared in common with God Himself. What is the soul ? It is affec tion, faith, hope, charity. He who makes the other parts subordinate to these is the spiritual man. The physical man has, on the whole, remained the same ; the intellectual man has advanced ; but the spiritual man has advanced even where the intellectual remained stationary. On this rests our hopes for the future ; not on what our ancestors were, nor on our frame, nor on the intellectual nature, but on the moral. 'The soul that sinneth it shall die.' There was something greater than the resurrection of the body, which was the immortality of the soul, and something greater than that, which was the vivifying influence of the spirit. Of this soul it was said, 'What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul?' Expressive of the same truth was Necker's word to Mirabeau, 'You have too much sense, and ability not to find out in time that morality is in the nature of things.' So Luther, ' I can do nothing against conscience.' So Charles V., 'To invade conscience is to invade the citadel of heaven.' All civil authority must at last be subordinate to this. We render to Caesar the things of Cajsar because this is ultimately rendering to God the things which are God's. This is what justifies revolt against San hedrim or Scribe, against pontiff, synod, or council. This is the foundation of all true independence. In this spirit is the motto of a northern university, 'They say; what say they? Let them say.' This is the best safeguard at once against material ism of the lecture-room and that of the altar and sacristy — such as that which made salvation depend on the dipping in the water of a child, or on theories of Christ's body, or which taught that the agency of a bishop was necessary for the soul to be immortal, or that the ordinary means of immortality was the physical partaking of the Eucharist. These were all so many attempts to resolve the spiritual into the material, the eternal into the temporal. The reformers' glory was to declare that the essence lay in the spirit of the believer. ' The flesh profiteth nothing ; the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.' The kingdom of Go.d is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace in the Holy Ghost. This was the superseding of the material and the magical by the rational sacrifice of the soul of God. John Stuart Mill.— The Evangelical Magazine says :— 'Mr. Mill has rendered an essential service to religion ; he has demon strated and brought home to the hearts of his readers the poverty, the worthlessness of life without it. He has taught us how a great famine must needs arise in the land, on which shines no sunlight from the spiritual and eternal world. And he has rendered another service, all unconsciously, hardly less precious; he has justified all the homage and divine honour which Christendom has paid to Christ through all the Christian ages, and has helped to explain to others, though armarentlv not to himself, how near to the root of all the higher development of Christian society lies the Incarnation, and the passionate devotion which it has kindled in human hearts. True he has some vague sentimental ideas about the religion of humanity, and the way in which devotion to the race may be hoped to supply both stimulus and nourishment to the loftiest human virtues, in a measure which will cast all the vaunted influences of religion into the shade. But his faith in it is not' a power. Unlike the Kingdom of Heaven, his kingdom of humanity. is in word, and not in power. He derived little joy and little hope from his prophecies ; and his heart evidently strained towards the spiritual as the one home in which, if he could find it, he could rest.' Antiquity op Man .Overstated. — In the Leisure Hour we read : — ' It is most unsafe to reason as to the climate required by extinct mam malia, especially in contravention of the evidence of contemporaneous existence afforded by the occurrence of their remains. Even' the hippopotamus of the English caves and gravels may have 'been pro tected by a coating of fat like the walrus. The elevated land of post glacial Europe, if it were clothed with forests, would have precisely the climatal properties which we know in America and Asia, and which favoured the intermixture of the animals of different latitudes, Again, that so-called Paleolithic implements are not found over the boulder deposits of North Britain is merely a consequence of the fact that they are in the main limited to the chalk and flint districts, a circum stance which, as already hinted, throws grave doubts on their being even so ancient as usually supposed, and gives them a local rather than a, chronological character. Further, in Eastern America we know that the higher condition of the land immediately preceding thcmodern period was accompanied by a milder climate than that which now prevails, and that this occurred after the close of the Glacial period. I must, therefore, reject this supposed later Glacial age intervening between Palaeolithic and modern man, and maintain that there is no proof of the existence of man earlier than the close of the Glacial age.' ,,;An Uncalled-for Antagonism. — The Eev. E. M'Kinney says: — 'It is a sad thing that very much of the adverse influence which is brought to bear upon Christianity in the present day, is brought to bear upon it by men who assume the garb of friendship, and by men who profess the highest regard for our blessed religion. This friend ship is often assumed, and this profession is often made by men who, as it seems to me, are hard at work labouring to the utmost of their power in order to sap the very foundations of the Christian edifice. Professions of this kind are even made when the men who make them \- are seeking to eliminate out of the Christian system every element of the supernatural. While professing to do us good, and to contend with us for the faith once delivered to the saints, these men would take away from us an incarnate Kedeemer, a risen Saviour, and even a Deity, or, what amounts to the same thing, a Deity possessing the attributes of a personal existence. This oppposition (whether professedly friendly or openly hostile) which Christianity is meeting with in the present day, comes from various quarters. The stores of history, of philology, of antiquarianism, of metaphysics, and transcendentalism, are ransacked for weapons wherewith to wage this warfare. But doubtless the attacks, which are of the greatest consequence in themselves, and which are of the most frequent recurrence, are those which are made in the name of physical science. Yet between Christianity and science there should not be warfare, but alliance. The war between them is, as Dean Stanley calls it, ' an unnatural civil war. ' Both, if it were rightly understood, ought to be working together for the same ends. Both have, or ought to have before them, as their ultimate aim, the attain ment of the same great objects — the discovery and dissemination of truth, and the advancement of the well-being of humanity. Doubt less it has to be acknowledged that the church herself is very far from blameless for the antagonism which, in a greater or less degree, lias always existed, and does still exist, between her and science. Indeed, so very far is she from being blameless that we will confess that the chapter of her history on this subject is perhaps the most melancholy chapter that could be written.' A Bishop Preaching in a Theatre. — The Bishop of Victoria, who is now on a visit to England, relieved the Rev. S. D. Stubbs of an engagement to preach for the Special Religious Services Committee at the Philharmonic Theatre, Islington. After reading part of 2 Kings ix. , the bishop took for his text the verse in the chapter, 'I have an errand to thee, 0 Captain,' &c.; Keferring first to the incidents contained in the chapter, the bishop remarked that it was equally true he had come that night with a message from God to every soul present. There was far too little of personal preaching ; but while preachers might sometimes be at fault, there were thou sands of hearers still more at fault. Eeligion, too many seemed to say, was all very well, but don't let it come too close'. The bishop then directed his remarks under three heads : — (1) The person to whom the message was sent ; (2) the sender of the message ; (3) the message itself. As to the last, the message was not a scolding — ' you are great sinners, and must reform yourselves immediately. ' This would be sorry comfort. We all knew, alas, that we were sinners ; and as to reforming ourselves, this has been tried, but tried in vain. Nor does the message say you must become religious by the adoption of certain set forms and ceremonies of outward wor ship, like the Buddhists chanting their rotation of prayers. The message was simply, 'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ ;' and then in simple illustrations the bishop set forth what this faith in Christ was. Hundreds of times, the bishop concluded, had he addressed audiences like this in China. In simple rooms and in the open air he had collected people together and told them this message. To the poor heathen, however, he had no doubt often done so in terms of language hard to be understood, and he could not always feel that he was ' free from the blood of them.' Not so to-night. They could all understand him. The bishop then earnestly bade the audience to accept God's message of love in Christ, and to go forth as His children to fight against sin. A New Mission Ship for South America. — The village of Turnchapel, across the harbour from Plymouth, was the scene of very interesting proceedings. The new mission yawl just constructed for the South American Missionary Society was launched, the naming ceremony being performed by Miss Stirling, the daughter of the Bishop of the Falkland Isles. The new ship is destined to take the place of the mission schooner ' Allen Gardiner,' which has sailed for twenty years between the Falkland Islands and Terra del Fuego, preserved through many vicissitudes, and carrying missionaries, natives, and supplies. The society maintains various chaplains in South America, and has commenced work amongst heathen tribes far up the Amazons, whilst it has a Christian Fuegian settlement at Ushuwia, where a considerable number of baptized natives meet ' regularly for worship and instruction. The new yawl will also be knoNyn as the 'Allen Gardiner,' after the noble founder of the mission, Commander Allen Gardiner, E.N. At the scene of the . launch the new 'Allen Gardiner,' as she lay on the slip, had her deck decorated with flowers, and from jury-masts floated large flags, the centre one bearing her name. On a small platform at the bow of the vessel stood the bishop and others interested, together with a large number of ladies. When all was ready for the launch, Miss Stirling made the following neat and appropriate speech: — ' Brave little craft ! thou shalt bear the name of a Christian hero. Carry it undaunted in every conflict. Thou art the memorial of past, the prophecy of future, deeds of faith and love. Be as. ; the ark of God — the ark of mercy to the perishing 1 In storm and sunshine pursue thy way, bearing within thee faithful witnesses, of Christ's love and his abiding presence. God blesB and prosper., thee, and those who go forth in thee to do the work to which thou art. now dedicated under the honoured name of 'Allen Gardiner..'.' . In a second or two the dog-shores were knocked away, Miss Stirling dashed the decorated bottle of wine against the bow, and the launch of the ' Allen Gardiner ' was successfully, accomplished. .?'.,... The French Eeformed Church.— The contest between the two | conflicting parties in the Protestant or Keformed Church of France ] is becoming more and more critical. The division between . those j who are known as evangelical and those who, being rationalistic, call ] themselves ' liberal,' discloses a sad rent in that once .noble.body of Protestants who acquired and dignified the soubriquet of Huguenots given to them by their adversaries about the middle of the sixteenth century. Their illustrious countryman, John Calvin, the Frencli ] Eeformer, died in 1664, at the age of fifty-six, and within a year after j his death, Charles IX., in a remonstrance to the Pope, has left a ] striking memorial of the triumphs of Protestanism. The orthodox do j not object to ' the liberals' receiving an endowment from. the State, j but they do object to men who would permit what has been called ] M. Eenan's 'patronising novel,' The Life of Christ, to be, read j in their churches in the form of sermons. They say that the two bodies j have no common ground on which to stand, and that, on the conr i trary, such a union between light and darkness is a scandal to the name of Christianity. ..'?..,.; Judgment op the American Convention on Eitualism.— The new canon, as finally adopted, is as follows : — ' If any bishop have reason to believe, or if complaint be made to him in writing by two or more presbyters, that within his jurisdiction ceremonies or practices not ordained or authorised in the Book of .Common Prayer, and setting forth or symbolising erroneous or doubtful'.doc. trines, have been introduced by any minister during the celebra tion of the Holy Communion, such as (a) the elevation of the elements in the Holy Communion in such a manner as to expose them to the view of the people as objects towards which adoration is to be made ; (b) any acts of adoration of, or towards, the elements in the Holy Communion, such as bowing, prostration, or genuflexions ; and (c) all other acts not authorised or allowed by the rubrics of the Book of Common Prayer, it shall be the duty of such bishop to summon the standing committee as his council of advice, and with them to investigate the matter. The evangelical party in the Lower House tried to supplement the canon, and give its provisions a more positive character, but they were defeated, as they were in the attempt to insert in the rubric of the baptismal service a clause permitting the officiating clergyman to omit 'the words declaring the child to be regenerate. Duration of Life. — The Pictorial World says : — 'Life is getting longer — so Dr. Edward Jarvis, in his annual report to the Massa chusetts Board of Health, demonstrates. He says that in ancient ? Eome, in the period 200 to 500 years after the Christian era, the average duration of life in the most favoured class was 30 years, while in the present century the average longevity of persons of the same class is 50 years. In the sixteenth century the average longevity in Geneva was 21.21 years ; between 1814 and 1833 it was 40.68 ; and as large a proportion now live to 70 as lived to 43 300 years ago. In 1693 the British Government borrowed money by selling annuities on lives from infancy upward on the basis of the average longevity. Ninety-seven years later Mr. Pitt issued another tontine, or scale of . annuities, on the basis of the same expectation of life as in the pre vious century. These later annuitants, however, lived so - much longer than their predecessors, that it proved to be a very costly loan for the Government. It was found that while 10,000 of each sex in the first tontine died under the age of 28, only 5772 males and 6416 females in the second tontine died at the same age 100 years later. The average life of the annuitants of 1693 was 26.5 years, while those of 1790 lived 33 years and 9 months after they were 30 years old. If things go on in this way, bi-cemtenarians will soon become as common as centenarians are now.' ... The Uncertainty of Unbelief. — It was the answer of the wise man to the King of Syracuse who demanded a description of the nature of God — ' The longer I think of it, the further off appears to be any possibility of a reply.' To the same purpose are the lucubrations of our modern natural philosophers, the Stuart Mills, and Huxleys, and Tyndalls of our own time. They cannot worship. They cannot be sure of the existence of any Being worthy of worship. They have not been able to discover with any reliable certainty that there exists any Being superior to man himself. They answer1 to this clause of St. Paul's description of the heathen, ?' without God in the world.' We may well address to them the challenge of Agur, ' Who hath ascended up into heaven or descended 1 Who hath gathered the winds in his fists 1 Who hath bound the waters in a garment ? Who hath established all the ends of the earth ? 'What is His name, and what is His Son's name, if thou canst tell ?' They cannot tell. They themselves confess their ignorance, and the impo tence of their science to enlighten them. I will not undertake to say how far these solemn words of the Lord. Jesus apply to them— - ' This is the condemnation, that light. is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil.' Nothing can be farther from my mind than to accuse these gentle men of evil deeds in the ordinary meaning of those words! But this I may say, that St. Paul declares that pride, not evil deeds of the flesh, but pride, the pride of intellect, is the condemnation - of the devil. — Bean M'Neile. Bad News for .^Esthetic Perverts. — It is stated by Ultra- . ??! montane organs that such musical performances as Mozart's Masses or the 'Stabat Mater' will no longer be. permitted in Eoman Catholic places of worship ; they have been forbidden by a recent synod of English bishops. .. .-',.., 