CARDINAL MANNING ON RATIONALISM. On Sunday his eminence the cardinal re-opened the church of St. Augustine, Manchester, which has been undergoing repairs and decoration. In the course of a sermon on "Jesus Christ and Him crucified," as the central doctrine of the Catholic faith, he maintained that the Catholic Church was the one universal Church which was to give "faith by hearing" to the world, and in proof that this was the true Church he pointed to the confusion, the contention, the contradiction, the wasting, and the perishing of everything separate from that one Church. He begged his hearers to notice how other teachers, having lost their inherence in its unity and submission to divine authority, were tossed to and fro with every wind of man's doctrine, until at last they were losing the truth of Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Germany, said his eminence, was the country from which the Reformation came. England was the disciple of Germany. How fared it with the teacher, and how was it faring with the learner ? In Germany there had been three periods or states of Chris tian belief in the last 300 years. In the beginning Lutheranism "had set itself up as pure and primitive Christianity in opposition to the Catholic faith, so highly dogmatic and doctrinal. It believed in consubstantiation and abso lution, and in a multitdde of other doctrines which it did not as yet reject. Little by little men found it impossible for beads to hang together without a thread, and having denied the divine authority upon which all truth rested, having broken the thread upon which all these jewels of divine truth were strung, having denied the divine authority of the Church, they began to close _ and to reject doctrine after doctrine, and men were criticising these doctrines, denouncing dogmatism as the authority of men, and describing- dogma as the imposing upon one man by the authority of another what he is to believe in divine things. The second period on which they entered was characterized by a state of what was called Pietism. Men began to toss away doctrine. They kept Jesus Christ and Him crucified as the central and only truth. After a time of an in ferior piety, and an excitement of de votion, with less and less of positive be lief, there arose lip another people called Rationalists. They said, with great justice, "You have rejected dogma, and we reject your emotions, and your devotions, and your pietism, which has no other foundation than your feelings. You feel this, but I don't ; you believe it, I don't believe it." This was the beginning- of the thiid period of Rationalism, which meant nothing more nor less than that men took their own reason and made it a test of truth, even in revelation— a' measure by which the doctrines of Christianity are to be tested, so that what jt received will be received, and what it does not receive will be rejected. Finally, the reason of man was' made the source and foundation of every thing. The evil of Rationalism prevailed in Germany at this moment. Throughout the whole of what was called the Refor mation it had devoured and extingushed Christian faith in the great multitude of the Prussian nation, and the other States in which the Reformation estab lished itself, to so great an extent that we were told that not two per cent, of the population of Berlin ever set their feet in a place of worship. 'What had happened to the teacher he feared might happen to the learner, and what had begun in Germany might pass over into England; unless men had the humility and the faith to become the disciples of the Divine Teacher. Three hundred years ago, parliament, by royal authority, set up a religion by law, which was highly doctrinal and highly dogmatic in Episcopacy and the Sacraments, differing- from the Catholic Church in as few things as possible, bul being torn from the unity of the Christian world and from the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ. For 100 years that dogmatic religion continued. Then came Pietism or Puritanism, an inferior religion, resting- upon the feel- ings of the heart. He spoke not dis- paraginly of that time. He respected the Puritans, because' 'they, were in earnest, and because they revolted against empty and dead forms — against keeping up the belief in the sacraments when the grace of the sacraments was denied, and because they rejected the imitation of the Mass when belief in the Real Presence was denied, and for burning confessionals when belief in absolution had ceased. He respected that thorough resolute temper and spirit of those men, who believed that religion consisted in communion with God and in belief of a Divine Master ; but what had followed ? We likewise had entered into a period of Rational ism. He did not know to what extent it had spread among the Nonconfor mists of this country. Some of their own members had assured him that among their youth it was spreading- fast by means of German literature. But he did know how far it was spreading in the Church of England, and how it had made the University of Oxford almost its own. On every side there were books, written professedly on Christianity, penetrated through and through with Rationalism, and that by members of the Church of England. A high authority, at least in Manches ter, had said the other day, the founda tion of all reasonable faith seemed to be in danger, and, in illustrating his re mark, stated that the Vatican Council had invested the head of the Church with divine attributes, and had practi cally laid it down that the mind of the Church, and not Holy Scripture, was the word of God. This was Rationalism of the highest order. It was not necessarily a divine attribute for a man as the head of the Church to be pre served from error, or that he should receive perpetual assistance from the Spirit of Truth according to the promise of God, whereby His Church should never err from the truth delivered to it. This talk about divine authority came from a purely rationalistic conception of the nature of Christianity. To absolve sin was an act of divine authority, and yet the Church of England, in the Service for the Visitation of the Sick, said our Lord left power with his Church to forgive sin. Would this authority, ;on turning to his book of prayer, say whether his Church was in vested with divine attributes ? And as for the mind of the Church, that cer tainly was a Scripture — the living in telligence of the whole mystical body of Jesus Christ, on which on the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost inscribed the whole revelation of God when there was not a particle of the New Testa ment written. 