THE TRUE STORY OF FISHER'S GHOST.* By Marcus Clarke. (From the Australasian. ) Those ladies and gentlemen who stimu- . late themselves by a belief in Apparitions of the spirits of deceased human beings have several ' well- authenticated ' ghost storiep, which they are accustomed to cite ! as crushing evidence against the incre dulous. Iu the last century the. narra tives of the i: Apparition of Mrs. Veal, and the death of Lord Littleton,' were triumphantly brandished in the face of sceptics. Indeed, until the discovery of Defoe's . interest in the publication of Delincourt spoilt one of the prettiest bite of evidence imaginable, and the* inquisi-. tive contributors to Notes and .Queries sent poor Lord Lyttleton an admonished to the grave, the present generation had b-~e:i accustomed to regard both fabrica tions with something like veneration. The story of Fisher's ghost may be held to have taken the place of the Veal C!«rt-Lyttleton matter. It is a tale so suited lo .the times, so void of anything like poetic romance, so practically im practicable — if I may be allowed the term — that our generation swallowed it at once. A ghost who clanks chains, who shows mysterious treasure, who bewails loss of honor, or burns to make restita tion of stolen property, would be laughed to scorn by a business age. Bnt the real business ghost — a ..ghost who wears blucher boots, sits on a rail, and was an expiree convict, appeals to' one's con science at once. When it is added that the ghost, in some way, gave evidence in a court of law, and was the means of hanging the gentleman who was eb foolish as to murder tbe fleshy part of him,, we cease to -wonder at the nn bounded belief in the' mysterious work ings of Providence,' which the narrative induces. Since the year 1836, when the story was first published in Tegg's Ma gazine, ' Fisher's Ghost '* has been an unexplained phenomenon, whose habitat is Sydney.- Mr. John Lang presented him to the British public in Household Words, and in the year 1875 the persons calling themselves spiritualists crv, *? But what' about Fisher's ghost ? Mr father wos alive at the time ! I hare seen the rail! There was a trial about it ! The murderer was hanged !' Thus suggesting that the fact of the apparition was proved by the severe test of a court of law. '.''''' Now, speaking of the matter the other day to a friend, lie said, ' I can show you the original papers of the trial, contain ing the evidence of the witnesses, the argnments of the barristers, and the summing up 'of the judge.', I saw these papers, and lo ! what is the; result ? There is no more evidence that anybody saw Fisher's ghost than there is that anybody saw the ghost of Hamlet's anut! The crime was detected by the common and customary process — suspicion, and consequent inquiry ; while the suspicions, instead of being excited by a ghost, were excited by the most mundane of objects— a pair of breeches. Let as take Tegg's Magazine for March, 1836, and Botany Bay, by John Lang, published in .1859, and .read in the for mer, ' Fisher's Ghost, a Legend of Campbelltown ' and in the latter, ' Tbe Ghost upon the Rail.' Having got our fictions collated, we then apply oiir fact6 as contained in u The King against George Worral.' Supreme Court, Svdney, 2nd February, 1827. The writer in Tegg's Magazine opens his narrative with a note concerning the ' familiarity of the tale,' to his readers, and while ' leaving others to solve the problem of the appearance of the ghost,' contents himself with ' telling the story, as it has been told to him,' He goes on to say that Fisher was an emancipist far mer in Campbelltown, who had accumu lated money, but through dissipation had fallen into debt. Tiat, being pressed for money, he listened to the advice of one Worral, who persuaded him to make, an assignment of the farm, and then, plead ing destitution, tn obtain a release from his creditors. Fisher did so, and some days afterwards disappeared. Worral told everyone that his frisnd had gone to England to avoid arrest, and producing the deed of assignment, proceeded to sell the property. ' Worrall's state ments, says ' Tegg,' ' set completely at rest all the conjectures which had pre viously been afioat as to the cause of Fisher's disappearance, and he was allowed to take undisputed possession of the property on prodncing Fisher's con veyance.' There were no suspicions ot foul play, and- everything would have gone right with Worral but for Fisher's Ghost I ? ? 'About six weeks after Fisher's dis appearance, Mr. Farley, a farmer, was proceeding homewards. It was -about 10 o'clock at night when he left Campbell town ; the moon' had risen, bat her brilliance was obscured, by clouds. After he had passed tbe late residence of Fisher,- about from 500 to 800 yards^ he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of a fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer what was. his snrprise to recognize distinctly the features of Fisher, whom j he had supposed then far away on his ' way to England. He approached the figure with, the intantiou of assuring himself that hoTiarl not been decei^efl by ' & fancied resemblance. Tbe ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on a nearer appro&ch; struck j snch a chill of terror to his heart as j chained him oiotionless to the spot. Toe figure, as he #azed, rose from the fence, and waving its arm, pointed in the direc- j tion of.-a small dry creek, which crosses ! the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently fol lowing the windings of the croek.' Farley went through the proper process , on such an occasion. x He rusliod home | ' in a state of stupefaction,' is found in I 'a death-like swoon,' and lies fora ' whole week in the delirium of brain fever!' (It need not be added that he was ' noted for sobriety,' &c.;) So soon as he recovers his senses he sends for the nearest police magistrate, and relates his vision. The magistrate employs a black tracker named Gilbert, and, ' on closely examining, the panel of the fence ' where the ghost had been seen, ' spots of blood, were discovered.' The blackfellow gets on the trail, aud on approacbing1 a pond the bystanders observe his eyes sparkle, while he exclaims, ' White man's fat sit down here !' He plunges with his spear: into, the water, and sayB, ' White man here !' The constables search, -and the body of Fisher is fonnd. Worral is very naturally arrested, and,hariDir been tried, confessed that he murdered Fisher at the very spot where the ghost was seen, and threw the body into tbe pond. So far ' Tegg's ' contributor. Mr. John Lang — perhaps a more ex perienced writer of fiction-— makes a far more dramatic story of the legend.' He commences his narrative with the di9-. cussidn of ' two wealthy farmers,' at & public-house in Penritb. One . of the farmers is John Fisher (Frederick Fisher) and the other Edward Smith (George Worral.) Tbe plot as to the assignment of Fisher's property is laid, and the landlord duly informed by Wor ral that Fisher is about to depart for England, and that he (Worral) will have the management of the farm during that worthy's absence. Six weeks afterwards Fisher disappears^ and Worral enters into peaceful possession, the landlord having naturally no 'suspicions of foql play. By and by — a year afterwards — Worral advertises the farm and stock for sale, pnrsnant to instructions received from his;-.j-rincipal in England. Then comesrt!ie gjjost. ' Aa old man named Da^idT Weir' (Farley) ' is returning hr)me, when -he seated t*n a rail the well known form of Mr. Fisher. It was very dark, but the face ahl figure were as plainly, visible as possible.'' Mr. Ling goes on to realise the story : — ' The old man. wha was not drunk, though he had be^n drinking, at Dean's public-bouse, pnlled . np and called out, '' Holloa, Mr. Fisher { I thoiigbt yon were at home in Englani ?' There wap no reply, and the old man, who was im patient to get home, as was his horsi*. loosed the reins and proceeded on his journey. . ? ' * Mother,' said old Weir to Iiis wife, while she was helping him off with, his old top-coat, * Tve seen either Mr. Fisher- or his ghast ' , : ?' . ?: *' Nonsense,' cned the old woartn ; 'you conld not have seen M;\\. Fisher, for ho is in Old EnglauJ ; and, as for spirits. yon never see any withont drinking them ; and yon are full of 'em now.' ''Do you mean to say Fra drunk, mother?'* ''No; but you have your liquor oh board.' ' 'Yes, but I can see aud hear and understand, aud know what I am about.' ' 'Well, then, -have your supper and go to bed : and take my advice, and -ay nothing to anybody about this ghost, or you will only get laughed at for your pains. Ghostess js, indeed ! at your age, to take on about such thiogs ; after swearing all your life you never believed in them.' ' * But I tell you I saw him as plain as plain could be, ?? just as ^we used to see him sitting sometimes when the day was warm, and he had been round lookinsr at his fences, to see that they were all right.'' ?? . , The old man sticks to his story, and asserting that 'lie never liked Smith' (Worral), determines to give information to the police. The following Wednesday the ghost- seer is on his way home froiu market! He ' had d-.-clin d to take any refreshment,' though, pressed to do so by several travellers who wanted to treat him' and during the whole day had1 been .'remarkably abstemious.' On the road he picked up two men— one a newly appointed constable of the district — and when they arrive at the fatal rail all three, according to Mr. Lang, see the ghost. ' When they neared the spot where the old man had seen the apparition, he walked the horse as slowly as possible, and again beheld the figure of Mr. Fisher, seated on the upper rail of the fence, and in precisely the same attitude und the sanie dress. ' ' Look there !' said old David to the two men. * What is that ?' ' * It is a man,' they both replied, ' but how odd ! It seems as if a light were shining through him..' ' ' Yes,' said old David, ' but look at him — what man is it ?' ' ' It is Mr. Fisher,' they said, simul taneously. ' ' Hold the reins, one of you,' said old David, ' I'll ho and speak to him. They say he is at home in Engiand ; but I don't believe it.' : 'Descending from the cart, the old man, who was as brave as . a lion, ap proached the spectre, and stood within a few feet of it. 'Speak!' he cried. 'Don't you know me, sir? IamD.vid ;Weir. How came you by that gash in Jyour forehead ? Are you alive or dead, | Mr. Fisher?' To these questions no answer was returned. The old man then stretched forth his hand, and placed it :#m -what arjneared to be Mr. Fisher's shoulder,' but. it was only empty air, vacant' space, that the intended 'touch rested upon. \- '? '.There has been foal play,' said the old man, addressing the spectre,' but speaking sufficiently loud to be heard by both men in the care ; * and} by Heaven, | it shall be brought to light! Let me mark the spot' And with these words he broke off several boughs from a tree near the rail and placed them opposite J to where the spectre remain 'd sitting, j Nay, further, he' took out his clasp-knife j and notched the very fart on which the. ri^ht hand of the spectre rested. 'Even after the old man returned to the cart the apparition of Mr. Fisher, exactly as he was in the flesh, was ' pal pable to the sicrat' of -all three men. hey sat gazing at it for fall 10 minutes and then drovii on in awe' and wonderment.'' Weir, that is Farley, then gives infor mation to a magistrate; the black tracker, Johnny Crook (Gilbert), is brought up to the rail, follows the sign of ' white in in's blood,' aud discovers the body of Fisher. A trial is had, and, after some capital writing, concerning the evidence against Worral, and his defence, Mr. Lang hangs the murderer, in accordance with the story told by the contributor to Tegg's Magazine, adding that ' the judge — the last man in the world to believe in supernatural appearances— weighed the probabilities and improbabilities with, the greatest nicety.' We notice, therefore, that — allowance being ma-Je for the art of the story-teller — both Mr. Lan^ and the writer in Tegg agree in asserting that the first clue to the discovery of Worral-Smith's crime was the apparition of Fisher seen by Farley- We^r ; while Mr. Lang insinuates that the judge (Sir Francis Forbes), in summing up, alluded to the tale of t e ghost as being an important item in the evidence before the jury. Let us turn to the official report of the trial. Mr. Moore, the Actiug Attorney General stated the case against the pris oner, who pleaded not guilty, as follows : Fisher was a settlor in good circum stances, livin ', in June, 1826, at the house of Worral. Suddenly he disap peared. Inquiries were made in the way of gersaral inquiry, and divers reports respecting his mysterious disappearance, bat none were at all satisfactory. Prisoner, when selling Fisher's pro perty, fir.-t produce i a receipt purport ing to be signed by. Fisher, but when arrested said that Fisher had left Sydney in the 'ship Lady St. Vincent, no such ship having quitt d the colony. When. Fisher's body is found, prisoner changes his story, aud endeavors to show that the murder had been cotnrnitted by the servants of the deceased. Tb'e first witness for the Crotvn was Daniel Cooper, described as a general dealer. He stated that he believed Fisher to be quite solvent, but he owed him (Cooper) some money for land. Tliat when he heard of the disappear ance lewaied upon Worral, with wliooi Fisber had lived, and interrogated him. H; tboug ;t Worral's manorr extraordi nary. In reply to questions, Worral o^red to pay wit ie~s the money claimed, n[OJ reci t of tb'e !itle deeds of ti»e j^r -p-?rty. Worral made excuses about bu.ov ng ihe iiutiior' y w lic'.i he bad to act :or Fib n:r. Wtne-s was satisfiel that Fisher had left iehind him more property than would suffice to nay his debts, and was astonished at hie dis appearance. 'The next witness was Jaiiies Codding ton, the overseer to Mr. Cjop-»r. He stated that the prisoner, - n ths 8 h July, had offered him a borse f-.»r sale, which he refused to.bny, becaase he br iifivei it to be Fisher's, and W-irral could not pro lace Fisher's r-'cMpt for payment of it. Two days afterwards Worral produced, a reoupl purporting to be signed by Fisher, but tbat he doubted the signalnre. Had suspicions that, tbe story of Fisher's trip to England was untrue. Did not m?nti -n his suspicious to Worral, bat did to some of the teighbors. He also he&vd; remarks from oth- rs. Thomas Hammond said ho knew fc'isher. Worral lived with I im. and acted as his agent. Worral ti 11 witness that ITisherhad left the colony iq esaape charge of forgery ; that he (Worral) had a power of attorney, which he promised to show, bnt didn't. Sh -rt!y arter this witness saw Mr, Cooper, who said he believed F sher had been murdered. Told Worral what Cooper had said, aud Worral turned pale, seemed to smile, bnt tiie smile was affected. Witness told Worral that if he knew anything about Fisher he had better tell it. Worral sai-3, 'He is on' the water; that's all I know ;' and some days after wards produced a receipt which pur ported to bear Fisher's name, but. witness knew it was not Fisher'e signa ture. Witness saw one of Worral's servants wearing a waistcoat which he believed to be Fisher's, ahd saw Worral himself wear a pair of trousers which he b sieved toDa Fisber'p. Fisher was a s nailer man thfeu Worra?, and it was the tightness of the trousers which in duced witness to examine them. Lewis Solomons, with whom Fisher had had dealings, said that a receipt shown him hy Worral was not in Fisher's handwriting. Samuel Hopkins, a free laborer, said that the last time he saw Fisher alive was on the 17tb Jnne, at bis own house where Worral also lived. Fisber went out at dusk, and never came back. It was his habit to so go out and look round tbe farm. Worral took possession of tbe placa when Fisher failed to come back. Nathaniel Cole confirmed the evi dence of Hopkins, and said that surprise was expressed at Fisher's absence, bat no inquiry set en foot. . George Newland, constable at Camp belltown, went with a black tracker named Gilbert to search for the body of Fisher, for which a reward of £20 was offered. They found traces of blood ou a rail at the corner of a paddock. Gil bert went into a waterhole near, took a cornstalk, which he passed over the surface of the water, put it to his nose land said, ' I efiitell the fat of a white pinan.' He led them fuither up the tcreek, and presently put a stick into the ground, crying, ' There's something here !' Dag, and found the body of a mane Other witnesses identified tbe body. The 3'iry return a verdict of guilty, and Worral is executed, after making a confession in gsol. la ali this not a ward about FjsTier's ghost. Not one ofine witnesses alludes to tbe story, aud Farley — the man who, accordiug to the narratives of Mr. Lang and the contributor to Tegg's' Magazine, gave iuformation upou the evidence of his supernatural vision — is never called at all ! Indeed, I fail to see the neces sity for the Deus ex machina. The case is by no means mysterious, and in no way calls for the intervention of super natural powers to make it plain. Sum up the -evidence, and see what it means — 1\. F'isbser, a rich man, suddenly dis appears. 2\. Worral, who lives with him, states that he has eone to Enc- land. and com mences to sell stock, for which be pro duces receipts so clumsily forged that they are at once refused. 3\. The persons refuging the receipts recognise the clothes worn by Worral to be Fisher'd and say to each other that, Fisher must have been murdered.' . 4 £20 reward is offered for the body of Fisher. Fisher's own house ia, of course, the first place searched. A tracker finds the corpse— as 50 trackers have done before and since in similar cases, and Worral— -the man who had vasserted that Fisher was in England, and who had claimed his property, is naturally arrested and tried for the murder. ' Sarely it ?« needs ho ghost come from the grave' to set suspicion busy I The assumption made by the narrators of the ghost story — that Fisher had been a ^ whole year gone, and that noboayhad suspected fjul play %ntil the ghost %ai seen— is altogether opposed to the 'facts. Fisber was murdered at the end of June; the suspicions of Cooper and his Overseer, . Oodringtoh, were aroused early in July ; while the body was found, and the whole drama played out in Oc ober. In point of fabt, instead of Fisher's ghost being ' the first link '\ iu the chain of evidence which Jarl in tbe conviction of Fisher's murderer, Fisher's own Moleskin Breeches served their late master that good turn ; and the ghost, iu all probability, was never thought of until the excitement of the rumoreS crime gave somebody a capital excuse for seeing it. - I have no doubt that Fisher's ghost is an example of how ' well-authenticated' stories of the supernatural get into cir culation. A mysterious disappearance, a suspected murder, a discovery of a bfciy, and lo! someone of those'folks who are always ready to see anything gains notoriety^ by roundly, asserting that lie. t6 whom bountiful Heaven has bestowei many strange experiences did himself eee the deceased, in his bftbifc he iived, sitting on the raii where his murderer had struck him down. The marvellous tale flies from taproom to taproom. A writer for a local paper gives it ia a printed, form. A clever story-tellei dishes it up with. piquant additions for a London maga zine. Everybody gapes, nobody inquires, and nleasins fictioa. rendered venerable by years, is cited as an ' in explicable but well-authenticated ifact:' Alas ! 'tis a melancholy confession,1 bnt it is to be feared that many of our most cherished superstitions rest upon no better evidence than that of — Fisber's Ghost. 