:.,MR. GLADSTONE'S PAMPHLET. The now, famous "-.Expostulation" continues toBe:the fertile subject of speeches, letters, and newspaper articles. At Exter Dean Boyd made an Irish Society meeting tne-opportunityol expressing his thanks toi-Mr.:. Gladstone : for hss expostulation on account of the important controversy it had originated'. When they saw men like Lord Camoys and Lord Acton standing upon their own-ground and saying they were not prepared to -submit to spiritual dictation, he anticipated that, among the things likely to split the Roman Catholic. Church in this country was the debate upon'the question as to how far allegiance to the Pope a and. adherence to his- dictation was con sistent with loyalty to the "Queen. Messrs. Macmillan announce an "important work on Papal Infallibility" in the shape of a book entitled "Catholic Reform," by Father Hyacinthe ; letters, , fragments, discourses, for which .Dean Stanley has written a preface. Pointing to the fresh proofs of division of the Papal corps, he says : "It is the glory or the infirmity which the Church of Rome shares in common with all civilised .Churches. Its humiliation and shame consists in the unworthy and futile endeavour to conceal or deny it." , The practical working of Papal Infallibility is aaithe Guardian Paris correspondent remarks) illustrated in the answer recently given by the Pbpe to a delegation of ladies as to wether a, man coifld ('conscientiously become a cimdidate for a seat in the Italian Legislature '' Remember (he said) that before - he can iio soi-hb'must' take an' oath to uphold aitdobserve- the'laws of the State. In other words, to sanction the1 spoliation of the Church; and this,,) too,) under the very eyes of the Vicar, of Christ." " Here,' therefore,' is an "Infallible ..Pope'' laying it down as a " moral" obligation that; no Italian-citizen or subject ought to take a seat in the. 'Legislature of his country. If this is not an, interference with civil allegiance, what is ? , In reference to the question which has been raised as to what constitutes the promulgation of aPapal Bull, the Rev. G. W. Weldon shows on-jthe; testimony of ; Cardinal Cullen (in the O'Eeeffe trial) ana the Canonist Van Espen, that promulgation ' consists in the handing of Bulls to the ' Bishops, the affixing of them on church doors,' the reading of them aloud in churches, or by .-the -Metropolitans given them to the Bishops, thq-Bishops to the priests, and the priests to their flocks. - This is in' direct "conflict with Mr, Oakeley's' statement that "the matrimonial decrees of the Council of Trent were never promulgated in England, and were not binding there." Not convinced by the reply of Dr. Manning's seoretary, ; Mr. M. A. Shee1 stands to his ground thatathere 'is -no evidence that the Vatican Council' has in' faot pronounced any decree on the question of infallibility: The Pope has asserted aad;deflned his own infallibility with the par enthetical statenient that the Council approves his doing so. But the appended anathema, "is his,-, not theirs;" And hp illustrates his point by- contrasting " this humble acquiescence" with the emphatic acclamations by which the as sembled -Fathers affirmed the Tridentine Decrees and pronounced the " Anathema" on heretics. The following Pastoral of Dr. Manning was read in the Roman Catholic churches on 29th November. Dear Childern in Jesus Christ, — I.: On Sunday, i August 28, 1870, the following fetter - from his "Eminence Cardinal Antonelli was read by our order in all the. churches of this diocese:- — " Rome, Aug. 11, 1870. " It has been made known to the Holy See that some among the faithful, and perhaps even among the. bishops, are of opinion that the Apostolic Constitution, which was published in the session of the CEoumenieal Council of the Vatican on the 18th day of the month of July, will -not be of obligation until ithas been solemnly published by some further act of the Holy See. How strange such a supposition is, any one may easily know. "The said Constitution had the most solemn publication possible on the very day on which, in the Vatican Basilica, it had been solemnly confirmed and promulgated by the Sovereign Pontiff in the presence of more than 500 bishops ; for it was on that day, although there was no such necessity in this case, put up with the customary formalities in the usual places of Rome, so that, according to the well-known rule, it was made obligatory for the whole Catholic world without need of any further pub lication whatsoever. " I have, thought it my duty to communicate these brief observations to you, in order that they may be your guide in the event of any doubts that may from any quarter be brought before you. "James Cardinal Antonelli.", f This declaration was made by . the Cardinal in answer to the objection of some persons, who had thought that the decrees of the Vatican Council, although they had been solemnly defined and confirmed by the Sovereign Pontiff in the Council itself, might require some further promulgation as a condition of their being regarded as publicly binding upon the whole Church. II. Events which unhappily are notorious induce us to make known to the Faithful, lest any should be misled by. the words or example of one or two who still profess to be Catholic, that whosoever does not in his heart receive and believe that doctrine of the Immaculate Concep-. tion and the doctrine of the Infallbility of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, as they have been defined by the Supreme Authority of the Church, does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic. The Encyclical Ineffabilis Deus, by which, on the 8th December, 1854, the Sovereign Pontiff defined "that the most blessed .Virgin Mary was, by a singular; grace and privilege of Almighty God, and by reason of the merits of Jesus Christ the Saviour of mankind, preserved in the first moments of her conception free from all stain of original sin," contained these words— " Wherefore, if any persons, which God for bid, shall, presume to think in their hearts other wise than we have now defined, let them know that they are condemned by their own judgment, that they have suffered shipwreck in faith; and., have fallen away. from the unity of the Church." In like manner, the Constitution of the Vatican Council which defined that ' ' the Roman Pontiff when he speaks ex catheclrd — that is when dis: charging the office of Pastor Teacher of all Christians, he, by virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, defines a doctrine of faith or morals, to be held by the univeral Church" — is infallible, ; ended with these words— . : . . " And if anyone, which God forbid, shall pre- , sume to contradict this our .. Definition, let him be anathema." \ III. It has come to our knowledge that some, who openly refuse to believe the said doctrines persist nevertheless in calling,, them: Catholics, . and give out that they, go to confession and' Holy Communion in the Catholic Church. We there fore hereby warn them that in .so. doing they deceive our clergy by concealing the i unbelief ; and that in every such confession, and com munion they commit a sacrilege, to their own greater condemnation. We rejoice to know, dear children in Jesus; Christ, that of such men there are few indeed.; But, lest their words or their example should seem to be tolerated by the Catholic Church, we make this declaration ; and we make it with ah earnest prayer that the Holy Spirit7 of God, against whom they are striving, may bring them"; to repentance. May the grace of the Holy Ghost abundantly ! confirm1 yon in his infallible guidahce. v" '-':')') V' ,+ '.Henry Edward, ; Nov. 22, 1874. Archbishop, of Westminster,, 1 It ia announced:thqt),fclie Archbishop -is ab)out to„ publish .a. paniptilenifcitied "The Vatican Decrees'ih Meir'beai'ing.'qn Civil AUegiahce." Other fresh utterances of the Romish episco-; .pate are reported. Bishop Vaughah, of Salford, in an Advent sermon, was . hot .in denunciation of the offences of the late Prime Minister. A pastoral of Bishop Clifford, of Clifton, declares that " Catholics " of the present hold precisely the same doctrine that the late Dr. Doyle held — that the Pope has no power to free a Roman Catholic from his allegiance. "If, the Pope were so to abuse his power as to seek to inter fere in that which undoubtedly belongs to the civil authority, Catholics would resist it." Pending the appearance of a more complete answer to Lord Acton's. '.letter, Edwatd,, "Bishop of Nottingham," has!ehtefed'the',:list's!, against him, butr(as the : .PqU-, 'Mall. Gazette ( marks) he " appears to be a' 'disputant of, "more. . zeal than discretidnl" ;It 'may . suffice to- giVe, the following rejoiiider of Lord. Acton , To live Editor. oftlveTinies. !- ) Sir,— The Rishop -of - Nottingham! thinks that I have misrepresented Pope . Urban' Hi and , Suarez. . . I. hope -not.- .- But; - if.: I have, I will endeavour- promptly: and fully . to repair the i wrong.- V - ; -..-.i -i:.-.- .. \- And, first- of ' -all, :;flt"is -true .that rthe -words I: transcribed . from . . Suarez : do .'Aofk contain' the- definite . and: final . statement of- hisi opinion. 1 ought to have taken ithat from- the paragraph of which the- Bishop has quoted apart. Suarez states his own conclusion, a few lines: lower than : the point where the Bishop's extract ends, in the following words: "Recte dixit Soto — licet Rex in; solo regimine tyrannous non possit a quolibet: inter fici, Lata veio sententia quisquc (inquit) potest Instltui exccutionis minister, Eodemque modo si Papa Regem deponat, ab illis tantum poterit expelli, vel interfici, quibus ipse id commiserit." It may be thought that there is little practical differenct between the two propositions, that a' iking deprived by the Pope may be murdered by anybody, and that he may be- murdered only by persons commissioned by the Pope to do it ; aud for my purpose, which -was to show that partici.-:: pation in Ridolfi's conspiracy would be no bar to canonization, they are of equal effect. . But, for Suarez, there was probably this important distinction — that the former might have brought him under the decree of Constance against Tyrannicide, a decree which the General of the Jesuits had pressed on the attention of the Society after the assassination of. Henry VI. This difficulty might be avoided by making the lawfulness of the murder depend on the com mission given by the Pope. .While I wish to make this correction in the most explicit way, 1 regret that I cannot profit by the Bishop's other criticism. Urban II-. says positively that he deems the killing of excom municated persons no murder if done from re ligious zeal only. But he wishes a penance to be imposed, in case there may have been any in trusion of an inferior motive. It would be hardly possible to say more delinitely that ; though there may be murder in one case there is no murder in the other. . It may - be worth while to mention that the page. I. referred to in Droysenns .47; not .42 ; and that in citing Bianchi I have given not. the page,7: but the chapter, as the argument in question runs- through several pages. — I remain,, your.1 obedient servant, .. Athenceum, Nov. 29. Acton..;. Communications have been made to Mr. Dis raeli and Mr. Gladstone by the United Kingdom Anti-Papal League of Edinburgh,; respecting the alleged conspiracy of the Popish League of San . Sebastian, to raise soldiers . of every nation for the purpose of fighting to restore the. Pope's, temporal power. Mr. Disraeli lias simply acknowledged. the receipt. of the letter addressed . to him, and Mr. Gladstone thanks the sender, and promises to make: "further inquiry" into the matter, ; "with reference to the discussion now in progress.", . An . occasional . correspondent of the .Times, . writing from Rome on Nov. 25, says \- However much the Vatican may. have desired, to. place Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet, in .quaraii-... tine, however unworthy of serious). confutation' those holding the raids of. ecclesiastical power may have sought to' represent that of which they., must; have been the first to . appreciate, the . danger, it" is gradually becoming evident that" the effect, the expostulation, is producing is coin- - polling that more positive action which would" gladly have been avoided. The Osservatove. liomano has devoted another leadei'.to the sub ject,. sufficiently leugthy to fill its front page, and in it fully confirms .the statement that the Syllabus is paramount to all other laws. There is at bottom ho shirking the truth, no beating , about the bush in Catholic Rome. Writings' may be so composed that separate passage's may,., seem to deny, to smooth over, to make .basy'the' hard fact intended to. be asserted,;' Tbiit' never-! tbieless there it lies, distinct and'. uncompromising If is not to be supposed tliat undreery- walls of the Vatican any mere explaihing'jaway!. will' be attempted of. anything. w'iKasjfoiuf been authoritatively asserted. The Qsservdtpj;e. says ,v:./; v - ; .Mr. (.Gladstone is mot a. Jew) sbritoblerii AHev venerates the sacred -writtings) of'-thm.old;and'> New Testaments. He, without doubt; has read the. fifth chapter ofthe Acts: Of the Apostles.- What answer did the Apostles, and above- all,) Peter, make (let Signor . Gladstone mark thisj'to1 those who after the miraculous liberation would?- again , ; imprison: them because ; they. -preached;' thinge contrary. to public opihioii and to the laws of those days, .and— the italics arethe Osserva- toi-e's— had filled Jerusalem with their doctrine ! St-. -Peter ..and , the. Apostles . answered and said, : " j We ouffht to obey God ratkerUhan nien." Acts y. 29. ; Well, then; thus now "answefs > the1 suc cessor -of: Reter,, the successor of the Apostles, ; and the true believers, to 'those who call '-them- rebels, who despoil them of their rights and of their. liberty because they, oppose- themselves.to, tlje prineiples'of ' '89 to the Confessional ! laws,' t0' the .'so';'called laws , of.' the 'guafahtees,vtb ..the, laws' fegarding ecclesiastical: property and . civril marriages. \ How can we check'tkem -There is ' uo.vmildtlle course. Either we must., admit that that which had its origin through Pfptestantismthatds to. say, through ar 6ieii and " wicked: ( soszd ) rebelliph against Christ) and ,'its increment throiigh. the struggles of rabid',' sbglusts,! )Nwhqse aim "was" to crush the in. conformity with the dog mas and indfality ' of ., Christ, or. it ihust be con-, fessed 'that'he who opposes it is neither a rebel. nor a liberticide, but a servant of God, a worthy suo'cer)<6f,'the;'.inM>tyi. ,a"tdiidioator of " true libhriy "'aid. ;tipnly p£ .win-' science,' yhich, ' m fact,' ' coinpi ehends, savesVi and sanctifies' All. ": Signor Gladstone amuses himself 'with ' eiiu- meratihg the1 definitions of "the" Syllabus," and with an air of triumph exhibits them to ,'the' people, we do not know1 whether tp scandalise or to irritate them. It is a work'pf -supereroga tion— not- to 'say, of 'malignity. '. The Syllabus \- was" 1 promulgated byhim who had the authority. This is known to all. Unhappy'is he who does. . not recognise it as his ,law-.a ;ltiw' huperibyto 'aJl' bthef;la>ys, 'because it ! ibj. Diyihe)';; 'Ho' is not, a„ eh'ristiiin, but hdhas', not' the right to insult, the, Christian's j _:hh 'Can!' only make martyrs'of ;tneih if he has the' poweri And with what', effrohtery Signor 'Gladstone/who has exhaited to- the.sky the rebels against certain Governments which, Uccording to him, were the negation' of God, wlio has lauded certain infamous, and unhappy changes, if, in fact, he did not provoke, them— with what effrontery dares hei to set iip the con stituted powers and the existing laws against tli.e Christians) who with only a passive resistance, ! or rather with an heroic patience; do not seek now to dethrone their ; oppressors, but only to ' maintain the integrity of their cohsciehces " and dignity ? ! 11 " ' 1 The Vocedella Verita speaks out quite' as idis- tinctly to the effect that the SyUabus'is 'pafa-' mount to all other -laws; and that all ' Catholics' who do not so consider it are in1 point of fact' heretics. It says : — ; Lord Acton, Lord' Camoys, and Mr. Henty' Petre wrote in their' deplorable, 'letters to the" ' Times' '' '' ' ' 1 ' , ; 1. That the new dogmas do not 'impose new duties upon' them. | 2. That in case of' a conflict between the (Church and the State thejr will With Gladstone >'be Englishmen first and then Catholics. ; And-we say to those gentlemen that these are not dogmas either new or old, but simply dogmas taught as such by the Catholic Church, : defined- at different times, butValways believed. ' THe; only difference is this— He who refuses to believe a dogma before definition errs, but is not a heretic : he who refuses to believe it after it is defined is a heretic. Those gentlemen, therefore, will not .find themselves in the painful conflict which they fear, nor will there be the necessity for their being first Englishmen aud then Catholics. First Englishmen, or Italians, or Frenchmen, and then Catholics ! who ever talks in this way' is no longer a Catholic. Ohristianus sum was the first name taken by Hebrews, Greeks, or Romans when they became Catholics. He who put his country before his Church puts the world before God, and this does not seem to be very - much in .accordance with the Gospel, in which we read " 'piliycs Lominum Deum,". and. -then. " nilifjes proximum taum ' (Matthew xxii. 37-39), Commenting on the above, the Times, says that a letter.it publishes from Rome- will, per-j haps, tell the public more of the real character of- the influence from which Mr. Gladstone has exhorted Roman Catholics to deliver themselves than-many columns of correspondence and-pas- torals. An Ultramontane in this country,' even if'stimulated by enthusiasm to go to such theo retical extremes as Monsignor Capel has avowed is nevertheless almost compelled to pay a' cer tain homage to the state of society around him. In the extracts from two journals which repre sent Roman Catholicism in Rome itself, we. can listen to the genuine utterances of f the Vatican oracles untrammelled by any social or political, friendships. The Divine principles which the Pope calls on his followers to. vindicate at: all' hazards consist in- ah unreserved repudiation of the whole of modern civilisation. There is ;we are told, no middle course. The Ossermtore Romano avows that if- "Roman Catholics "do not now seek to. dethrone, their, oppressors," it; is due only to tlieir " heroic patience. " A man who puts his country before his Church puts the world before Gbd,' d;()men;'like.Thl':tcHi, Lord; Cahibjrs;; and1 Mr. Henry 'Pe lutely-'ceased' to-be 'Catholics. ' Mr. Giadstond has associated himself witlr reptiles, 1 and, the most'ipolite thing that can he said'of him is' that he' " is Apt.ii Jew scribbler. " In a. word, Roman Catholicism' is theoretically 'in " every respedt as" disloyal,'- as 1 rebellious;; violently. Opposed to modern civilisation a's o'yen " malignity " 'covild represent: r .'Whit are we "to make ' (the Times says)' of ' this amuring -ferocity.?' If, .'like -Mr.. Neh'degate 'and others, we ' supposed 'that" the Pope was formidable to us, we niight' he alarmed ' at such a savage onslaught on modern civilisa tion, Protest aintism, 'and patriotism. Oqr point- of view is different, and we can only contemplate these utterances as; we do the struggleikof anl- iiiidomesticat'ed- ahiniil in an' uncongeniarii'pjme. < But When we are told by Archbishop Sir Gporge' Bo wyer; and Others, that Cltramon- ' tailisni is, 1 iiftfer all;" tlie'mbst1 peaceable,' pio«res£' siye, loyal, and. contented of creeds, ive' 'cannot'.' but .reply rnt It'ljiu'st; be j udge'd'.by its; fruits in ' the;reon''\y|hhre lt'Jpurhihes mist congenially) 