HAY. i (From our Correspondent,) Oxx last Sunday, 20th, the foundation stone of a new Roman Oatholio church (St. Virgilmss) was blessed by the Reverend L. Keating. Owing to the season of the year and the great distance from any resident priest, the nearest being over ISO miles, no other clergyman was present. The day was fine, but much cooler than the proceeding days, and this as well as the novelty brought together an unusually large congrega tion ; for the beginning of a church or school has for us, iiivermaites an lmportuuues mtw i/uvo« of populous districts, accustomed to such events, cannot conceive. For thirty miies along the road entering Hay on the south side there is only one bouse, and for fifty . miles along the road from Hay on the north side there are only three; so your readers can imagine the begin ning of such good works has for us great novelty, and, alas ! great difficulties. . TheVeverend pastor of the district preached on the occasion, and took for his text; Matthew chap. 28, 19, 20 versea— ' Go you, therefore, and teach all .-nations ; baptizing them in the name of the Father, aud of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;, teaching them to , observe all things whatsoever I. have commanded you : and behold I am with you all days, even to the con- ' surmmation of the world.' From the first part of his text he proved that Christ esta blished a Church upon earth to teach God's law unto all nations. From this and from several other passages of Holy Scripture he showed the authority which Christ gave His Church to teach His doctrine to mankind ;.that ihe (Jhnroh created ana commissioneu yv uruu to preach His Divine will . cannot be disobeyed without disobeying that God by whose authority 3he exists ; that the commands on the Church to ten.oh God's law correlaiively, enjoins a command on man to accept that teaching. He showed that the Church could teach oi)ly 'all things whatsoever Chnst; commands hur.' The divine law she has to teach is immutable aud indefectible, and she can neither a-kl to, nor take from, still less can she yield, God's l.iw to human exigency, nor cau she ever compromise the law of Heaven with the false teaching of men : The hitihescin her hierarchy would be anathema tised for teaching other than what Christ de livered to His apostles and to engraft even the ceremony of circumcision on that doctrine is to remove from the grace of Christ' 'to pervert the Gospel of Christ.' God has provided chat the Church established by Him shall never err, and that man by receiving fche Gospel from it shall not receive a false and erroneous teaching ; for He assures us ' the spirit of truth shall always abide with her.' No human agency can eclipse the light of true faith, nor can the Church ever teach auiiht but the Gospel first delivered to the apostle?, for she has the Covenant of Heaven that ' the spirit of Christ that is in her, and the words He has put into her mouth, shall not depart out of ' her mouth nor out of the mouth of her seed, nor out of the mouth of her seed's seed, from henceforth and for ever.' False and self- contradicting was the language of those innovators who, to justify their own apostacy, asserted fche Church had fallon into error, and for centuries preached a doctrine not delivered by Christ. In the face of the promises of God, is not such an assertion blasphemous ? If for oenturies a false word were delivered to maukind, Christ's solemn injunction was laid on mankind to receive a false and erroneous doctrine, and for not receiv iug falsehood man was to be before Christ as a publicau and sinner. If ' the spirit of truth was always to abide with her,' how could 8he have been for centuries false ? If the spirit of Christ was in her, and His word was in her mouth and would never depart out ot her mouth, how could she have delivered anything bub what Cb.rist taught her ? Never has she, and never can she, teach anything but the doctrine first delivered to the saints ; for we have even the oath of the Holy Ghost she shall never teach false doctrine — ' so have I sworn not to fee ansry with thee nor to rebuke thee ; for the mountains shall be moved aud the hills shall tremble, but nay words shall not; depart from thee.' She brought from out the catacombs, brought through the most terrible persecutions, the exact doctrine of the apostles ; and when fierce and blood-stained codes of penal laws were removed, one iota was not changed, for that Gad who told Moses when going to Pharaoh, and Jereiciah when going to the Jewish people, that they would succeed, because 'the Lord was with them,' has too said to the Church when sending her on her mission, *' Behold I am with you all days.' The rev. gentleman then pro ceeded to remark it was the duly of the Church to preach the word of God, and the more ?Sciently to discharge this mission ehe has always erected temples specially for the preach ing of her doctrine, for the administration of her sacraments. They met to-day, he said, to commenoe such a structure, and hoped they would succeed. Their means may be small, but the necessity was so great he hoped each per^ parents of the benefits it would bring to them, especially wheu perhaps death might havo closed their eyes, and their tongues would be j mute in the stillness of the tomb, within these wails alone then would their children hear the lessons of virtue and Catholicity first learned from their parents. At the close of this feeling appeal a subscription was commenced, when the sum of £900 was received iu cash, besides £100 promised The ohuroh was desigaed by A. Stombuco, Goulburn. The nave is 49 feet by 25i feet wide. The nave and poroh yet aro to be 'built. 