iflORT «F ORANBORNE CHASE. mom AUtkt Year Sound.] j]-««t in the centre of Oranborne Him, onoe part of the New Forest, and £&, u lite M 1828, contained some gdre thousand deer, looked after by six gpn under the orders of Lord Waters, ^stands, seven miles from Oranborne, i i«ll pablichouse called the Bald ^ded Stag, with half a dozan keepers1 llihtpherds' houses to keep it company. Ike Ohsse, which once embraced half fait, Hampshire, and Wiltshire, is full itSli, which, towards Dorsetshire, turn * tan downs, with here and there a frip of beech trees on a knoll, a sunken §B tfctt indicates an ancient British ?Away, or an old Roman road leading jjnsdithecoait. Up ene of these low grassy tracts, rift ate called in Wiltshire 'ox drives,' ailbund a shoulder of the rolling downs ihn three low lines of grassy rampart Aond that a Roman camp had once 4osi, «MW a sturdy young keeper, bis (nrijgini on his shoulder and his dog at bled*. He was a fine well-knit young UfanroE, say, three-and-twenty ; his face ibiwd and defiant ; his step firm and light. Hit old brown-velvet shooting wist was rubbed white on the right dinkier, and he wore in his grey felt hat, tttdi was girt with trout flies, a little trjgttgrMn tuft from a kingfisher's wing. Jfil flash had that peculiar hardness about it that unpliei perfect health, and he bokad round with that sort of command (kit supervisors acquire, as he scanned At woodland and copses scattered here ad there below, him. Tbs slightest thing seemed to catch kaeyb; atuftof lark's feathers, where tbnrk had been feeding ; a few scattered bdger1! hairs ; a fresh mole-hill ; and the 'print of deer's feet, or a scrap of rabbit's far he observed and noted as he passed, (bee lie stopped, and sat down on a little maw mound, which a wheatear vacated fir aim, to scrape out his black brier mot and quietly reload, while his dog asKfced the next tussock of dry grass for i rabbit, and just then *n old gentleman rede round the corner of the camp, and pdied. op his hone when he saw him. 'Yosog Garge,' aa the keeper was limp called, touched his wideawake ntsfhs forefinger of his right hand. 'Don't you stand up in this county *sm yon meet a gentleman?' said the nsger, petulantly, at the same time ibikmff one of his gaitered legs with his '«wp. 'Only when we knows 'em, mister,' awl George, rising civilly as he addressed the ranger. '1 know every one round kan, but yon be a stranger to me.' -'Do you idle muoh of your time away anokiBglike that, my friend 1' enquired tke stranger, sharply. 'What right have yen to enquire how Iipendmy time, mister,' said George, a little -' up' at this interference. ' If you mat to know, this is my meal tune, and I choose to spend it smoking. Don't you awer spend time worse V *f You're an impertinent fellow,' broke ?at the gentleman, in a fury, ' and i big to tell you I am Herbert Harcourt, %, of Beauohamp Lodge, the nei» anger, and I hare power to dismiss you «r any insolent keeper from bis pout at one mud. I am not going to let things flotonin as my predecessor did. The poachers loll the deer here, I am told, with impunity, and ail owing to lazy fellows like yool' y 'There has been no buck ever shot in BrwaUt,' said George, bristling ap, and ttwwing his gun carelessly on his right moulder. 'The one killed a fortnight «?o was in Woodgates Walk, old Joe Lsviaon's walk.** 'Un,then you have not heard,' said JM new ranger, ' that a buck was killed Urt night, not a mile from Dowberrv SinpT J ' No, sir, I have not.' 'there was, then, and the forequarter «u foand in a hollow tree near the big ask in Rushmere Walk. Bis Lordship ii very angry, and declares he'll turn May the next keeper who loses a deer from nil beat There is connivance with this gug auspected somewhere, and we must let to the bottom of it. I am a stranger awe, bat they tell me that a rascal named Kick Jack, of Woodgates, actually ?akas a living, killing and selling His Lordship's deer, and some, at least, of the teepees are conniving at the robbery. Were you at the Big Oak last night ? Jwshmere Walk is in your beat, I think. «ii set down so in the book they showed ?e this morning.' 'Httshraere was in my walk,' said '?orge, boldly, not ilinch«n-r a hair's wesdlh ; ' but last weok Lord Waters eent and ordered us all to change about ; ?odd Bolton took Runhmero, and I took . ™«»™- * Here nas never oeon a deer, «r, killed in any walk I've had since I've Men here.' '^-rn»P« *i-, perhaps so; but I can «U all you keepers things are not going ?£? they have gone. I'm going to have w*»er watch. Those rascals learn your «***« from some of you. Now, come, «m t you ever got talking at the public House about the line you're going to take at night, with threats and brags of what you 11 do if you met a deer-stoalcr -now, comeP «t ?e**r« air»' 'a**1 Goorge, quietly. I don t tell even my own father the line I'm coiner *.o laL-« I tnalrn :- a rule.' ' And luvi1 yo'i no swecllir:ul ooine, -»ow— that you sometimes talk t€) about Jti and who, perhaps, rocs and tells some Wand of these rogues * ' George's cheek slightly reddened, as ho pulled about the do-; whistle at his button aole, and m&dc; no reply ; for the fact *«, he often told pretty Hetty Dawson ?here he should bo in tho Chaso at a certain hour, that ho might meet !i«»r on »er way home from Shaftpihury Market. In half an hour's time surh a pleasant mile meeting might, indeed, not. improba bly tnke place at Duncaatlc Uin^. 'Ah.* I sea : I Ye hit it at.'l*s». So you men go and tell oour sive-.*thearts, »ud they till tkoir other lovers, who tell ?ome of the gui', a'J £° inv lord's deer get killed.' The younc; keeper's cheek fltuhed quick and angrily. 'Hetty,' lm s.iil— ' I mean the only yovni^ wmnjii I -' ?*'' men tion my walks t-- ? has no r,ti:tT lovt.r.5 ; »nil iivthinj, 1 ami vire. ever escapes her lip*.' ' Oh, of coarse sot ! women are so reliable, and never hare two strings to their bows ! Take my advice — tell no one ; for so sore as another deer is killed, and the poacher not caught, away go the whole lot of you, and 111 try some of my Yorkshire men from the estate which I've been supsrintending. I will not have men who are in correspondence with deer poachers.' 'There is no stain on my character, sir,' said the young keeper proudly. ' I've never been found off my post the seven years I've been here.' 'I can only judge from what I find now,' said the ranger's deputy ; 'and it is as bad as bad can be. If you had been all Border men there would have been none of this shameful deer-stealing. Now, mind what I have said. Those who can't obey me, go. Keep to your own walk to night, and I'll send and tell old Bolton to keep to his. I'll have none of this piece meal business.' And so saying, the angry Jack-in-office struck the handsome chesnut cob he : rode with his crop, and dashed off straight ncross the Downs at a sharp canter. He left the young keeper a thoroughly un happy man—his pride hurt, his sus picions roused, his opinion of mankind lowered. If honest service brought no better return than this, and the reports of such men wero to be all that Lord Waters heard, what chance had ho of ever rising from the rank? I How came the deer-poachers toget intelligence of the keepers' walks? Which was the black sheep among his fellows ? It could not be, surely, honest old Bolton or fiery Ned Holmes, who had been nearly killed in a poaching fray, or silent Fred Hume, who spent all his time trapping by himself. A sudden thought struck him. He would not cross into old Bolton's walk, where Duncastle Rings were, but he would climb the bill above the camp, and if he saw signs of Hetty on her way from mar ket, signal to her to come across. A few minutes' run brought him to the top of the highest wave of the Down. Here he waited and waited, ranging] over the valley and scanning every rabbif that flashed from furze to furze, and fevery crow that alighted within five hundred yards. Suddenly a little figure ran round the shoulder of the ring, of Druidical stones, and waved a handkerchief. George started, and held up his gun ; and down the figure came into the valley, and up the hill to the camp. He strode down to meet her, and she, rosy with the run, came laughing towards him. ' Why, how late you are George,' she said, in reply to half a dozen kisses, ' a nice gallant lover, I'm sure, to let me wait up there ten minutes ; and I'd pre pared such a surprise for you. I'd hidden behind the big stone, ready to jump up like a ghost when you cam© into the Ring. Oh, George, eggs are so nice and dear at Shaftesbury to-day, and I got such a lot of money for Auntie. But you don't look yourself to-day ; you're not ill ? It's that horrid night-watching in the cold.' ; ' YeB ; I've been vexed, Hetty.j The ranger's new deputy has been ratiug me about the deer-poachera. There was another buck killed last night, up by the Big Oak.' ** But that was not your walk, George, last night.' ' ' No, not mine. Old Bolton, you re member, I told you, would exchange last night. It's that Black Jack again. Hetty, I'd give a year's wages to have my fingers on that man's throat. '' 'Oh, George, don't look liko that. I never like to see you look like that. You did once, do you remember, when you were jealous with mo for speaking to Black Jack, and accepting his present at Salisbury Fair.' ' It would make you look so, Hejtty, to be suspected by a stuck-up fellow like that ; and you know I would rather'cut off both my hands here at once than mix myself up with rascals like Black Jack and his gang, and Io3e my character with Lord Waters. Now listen here, Hetty.' He took her hands as he spoke, apd sat her down beside him on the grass, f 'Is it anything very serious ' said Hetty, laughing. ' Am I going to be put on my oath like people . it tho 'Sizes ?' ' Don't laugh, Hetty ; it is real y very serious,' said George, still holdTng her hands firmly in his, and looking straight into her clear brown eyes. 'Till me, have you mentioned to any one {that I and old Boiton were to change our walks last night r The deer-stealers have heard of that. They can dd what thjay like with him. You know hbw he drinks.' ' Am I on my oath — solemn, binding oath,' laughed Hetty, shaking her lover's hands up and down. 'Yes, really.' ' And you won't be very, very angry if I tell you ?' ' Of course not, Hetty ; how fould I be angry with you V ' Well, then, I did ; but don't ask me who.' There was a smile ofj gcod natured mischief in her eye, as she| looked down and then up. ' But I must know who. Thatlis all I have to work upon.' J 'Oh, it wasn't a deer-stealer. Don't imagine it was Black Jack '.' 'No. 1 am sure it tfasn't Hetty. But now tell me, Hetty, for) I'm mad to get a r.liip. to these fellows.' ' Must I ?' said Het y, coaxingly. 'You must; if y- u love me, you miiBt.' *' And yrtu won't be texed or angry t' ' No. Why should 1 *. Tell me at once.' , ' You'll be angry.' 1 ' Never mind. Tell me. I fell sure it will give me some clue 1 know it is on the strength of this i\ e villains: went to Rushinere.' ' Can't you guess in ' No.' ' ' Then it was my uiirle from i ,ie Bald headed Stag.' ' Your uncle?' gasped George and his hand shook so that his gnu almost dropped. ' Then that's where ttjsy meet. I suspected it.' ' Yes ; but ho would do no harm with it, you may be sure, lie met n e yester dar morning, and he bogan talki 3g about the camp, and Duucastle Kii gs, and Ilushmare, till I told him you w )ro going to change walks thatniyhtwitho! IRolam. He Buiilutl, shook hauda with me, and drove on slowly, talking to himself in a peculiar t sort of way, such as I had never noticed in him before.' ' Hetty,' said George, ' I'U tell you a secret,' with a hurried kiss at parting. 'Old Bolton J and I do not change to night. We have orders to retain our usual posts ; so that if those rascals come after mischiei , trusting to the old man's laziness, they will catch a Tartar. But, mind, not a jword, even to the very air. fiood-bye, my darling. I wish I could go back all the Way with you.' ' And is this the way you are going to leave me V p- uted Hetty, with a pretty affectation of injured dignity, 'It's a natter of life and death, Hetty ; and ii you love me you wouldn't keep me. I shall see or hear of these rascals at the Bald-headed Stag.' 'Oh, do tot go after them. That Black Jack will kill you. He fears nothing.' ' No more do I, Hetty. There, good bye,' aud he clasped her in his arms. ' I think I'm on their track now. Wish me success.' ' I do, George, I do 1' and as the young keeper sprang down the hill, Hetty sat do ra on the grass and burst into tears. A quick ru t\ str&ight; across the downs soon brought George to a hilly spot that commanded a view of Woodgates. As he stood watchii g tho Bald-headed Stag, there came i party of mon out of tho door who beg in pointing acrosB the road to a hitrh fielc near a wood on the oppo site side. Oi e of tho party was waving a red handko chief, but no return signal could be seen A few mine xjb more, and young George stood at the d -or of the Bald-headed Stag. He stepped q nickly into the parlor of the little village public-house aud looked round. All h s suspicions were confirmed. There, among one or two keepers and a half a dozen iisreputable loafers, sat old Bolton, his iellow keeper, very drunk, and shouting scraps of a hunting-song : Oh, it ? 1 11 my fancy u after Nancy, And a bi uling we will go, go, goa, And a hi nting we will go. By tho fir- with his back to the door, sat Dawson, i he landlord, Hetty's uncle, in close conf s bulation with a short, red bearded man well known as a comrade of Black Jack, ^he deer-poacher. ' Why, it's our young Crarge,' said old Bolton, staggering up to him aod slapping him on the , shoulder ; ' come and have some yell ; there's no yell like Bald headed Stag's in these 'ere parts, aud we've had ranger hero this morning, swearing away about that buck that was killed yesterday ; and I told him it was the one Lord Wolverton's houndB worried when they came here, and that he'd never got over it. But he said, ' All very well ; out that don't account for the hind- quarter being gone ;' so I up and told him, that very litely you naa taicen tnat to the kennel to give to the younds. 1 tricked 'un at last, did'at I, Master Dawson? Stuck up fool ! telling people their dooties, who know 'em better than he does. I say, Garge, if you ever comes across Black Jack in one of these businesses, you take my advice — square it, as I do.' The half-drunken companions of the old keeper cheered this sentence, and called George to share the pot with them, ' We don't change walks to- night, Garge,' said old Bolton, filling a long pipe with a shaky hand, ' so you needn't go back till dusk. Ranger has ridden off Salisbury way, to see if he could trace the venison; but, bless yer! that's at Lunnon town by this time.'' ' I'll not drink with you, Bolton,' said George, 'nor with your companions either. They're not the sort of men I want to associate with. I'm after the men you signalled to just now. Dawson, 1 ask you, ia Lord Water's name, was not one of those men Black Jack 1 Your lease is nearly up ; and I warn you that, unless you tell me the truth, 1 Mill in dict you as an aider aud abettor of deer poachers. All I want to know is, was that Black Jack you signalled to, and the way he is gone ?' ' Now, don't ee go after him, George; now, don't ee' maundered the frightened landlord; 'he's a dead shot, and he's sworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you, not half an hour ago, in this very room. I like you, bid, and my niece Hetty likes you. Now, don't throw your life away like that, for Jack is a desperate fellow when his blood's up. Take my adrice : let well alone,: or Jack'U shoot ee dead, as if you were only a wild cat.' ' Then it was Black Jack ; and I'll have him,' said George, grinding his teeth j ' you wind my gun, Bolton, for I won't, be driven into murder.' 'I! wouldn't, Garge; he'd think no more of shooting ee than though you were a stoat,' cried old Bolton. ' Do as I do-i— square it. Here, men, hold him back ; it's murder to let him go. Who'll mind our families if we get shot ?'' The men closed round George, and tried! to detain him with friendly grip, with coaxing and by force ; but George struck them asunder, flew to the door, and 4was down the road and over the hedge in a moment, like a deer, in the direction ho had seen the signal waved. ' 1 always thought they wore a bad lot at Woodgates,' ho thought to himself as he stood and rested, holding on to a young sapling beech ; ' but I didn't think they had been bought over in a lump like that ; but I'll have this rascal for all that, and then the whole gang will drop asunder. He's scared them all, and if 1 could nab him, who knows if 1 might not some day get head- keeper and live with Hfctty in that fine houae at Cran borne I One can't get such a prize with out a tussle.' Rushmere Walk wag one of the most favorite haunts of th« Cranborne deer, being full of coverts and lurking-places, and full of leafy holly, which is the deer's favorite food. The scattered woodlands and copses abounded in ha/ol and young beech, and the fern grew thicker on the slopes and round tho hedgerows than in any other part of the old forest. It was about .i o'clock, and very hot, and George half thought it might be as well to go aud get a cup of tea at a friend's close by before starting on a four or five hours' search. The lad half turned back towards Woodijatea, when, looking down ovef the covert from some hi^h ground which conmiiuuK-fl :i vi«-w, he ha:-^en-?d to caBt his eyoa up to tlie riizht. towards Stock Co{»ae hod^orow, »lum he s;i*- t*'o men walking slowly up the side of it, and one, as far as he could distinguish at such a distance, had a gun over his arms. With no loiiging now for tho cup of tea, George at once stripped for work, threw off Mb shooting-jacket, hung it on a bough, the position of which he noted, and started off in pursuit. There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. He followed the two figures as long a3 he could see them, till at last they both disappeared through a gap in a tall thick hedge. Right across tho fal low skimmed George, and in a moment was in the gap, and brushing away the hazelB, when, to his surprise, he almost butted a man, who was quietly standing there upright, smoking a pipe, and with both hands in his. pockets. 'Ah!' thought George to himself, (- this fellow is staying here to screen the other, and that other is Black Jack, I feel sure, and have him I will if I can keep my body and soul together j so here goes.' And brushing past the man, who grumbled something sullenly, he passed through the gap by his side, taking no notice of him at all. When George emerged into the light, and got into the stubble field, there was no glimpse of the man with the gun, but he pushed across the field, and presently, at one corner of a copse, he caught sight of some one creeping along undor a hedge about four hundred yards ahead, and directly he saw George he rose up and pushed into a brisk walk. Now there happened to be sheep folded in that field, and there were several lines of hurdleB ruuning across the very path he had to go. ' These at least will che^k my fiue fellow,' thought George ; but, as he came up to each hurdle, over the man went like a buck. George could see him now ; it was Black Jack, the man who had had seventeen of Lord Shaftesbury's keepers after him at one time, and had outrun them all, as lie had publicly boasted lie could do. But lot us tell this part of the story in young George's own iden tical words : — ' When I saw it was he,' said George, ' I almost gave it up as a bad job. He was so far in advance of me, with all them sheep hurdles in between, and now and then he look round in a mocking kind of manner, as much as to say, you are a stout man if you think to take me ; and he seemed so lissome like, and so active, that I verily thought I should have to put it off for that day at least. But, somehow, I considered within my self that I would not allow him to beat me ; and I was a youngish man then, sir, and not easily daunted by anything, so I took a resolution to follow him, come what would. In a few moments I had bundled through the hurdles, and scrambled through an adjoining hedge, and looked about me for my man. Him I beheld at a good distance off, making his best pace to outrun me at once, and so get off clear. I started behind, and did my best, but it was trying work over the heavy land. I thought at one time that I should never make the distance shorter between us, but by degrees I got nearer, so near that I could hear his labored breathing and puffing. This gave me some encouragement, and I continued to follow, though at several yards behind, hoping to snap him by-and-bye. You may fancy that at this time 1 was not altogether in a state to keep up the the chase, and if it had not been for a feeling that I would take him if possible, ; I could not have persevered many minutes longer in following. A few minutes more brought us to a place on the Blandford-road, having run four miles, and I was still jogging on, thinking how I should get up to him. All of a sudden he stopped short and turned round, at the same time presenting his gun full at my body, swearing, as he did so, that if I came near he would fire into me. The gun was cocked all the time, and loaded with twelve slugs (as afterwards ascer tained). Almost immediately, however — I don't know what made him hesitate — he ran forward again, all down through an entrenchment. I was gaining on him — I felt it. My blood was up ; I would have him, and was already within ten yards of him. by dint of sheer struggling ; a few minutes more, and I should come to close quarters. 1 looked up and saw him again facing me — the gun poin+.ed at my head, and his eye looking along the barrel. 'I saw his determined eye — I knew his piece was on full cock, his finger on the trigger, and the muzzle towards me ; and yet, somehow, 1 did not hesitate to ad vance. I suppose my blood was up with that long run, and 1 always was thought stauch when I was once on the track of a thine, for I remember I sat a horse all day once before a fence he would not try, and had my dinner and tea on horse back ; but, by Joe, 1 made him do it at last. I did not, I can assure you, sir, think of the danger a bit, and I moved on him with my eyes fixed on him till I felt the cold ring of the barrel touch my forehead. I never could tell why he did not fire, but I suppose he thought he should be seen frem Thorny Down public house, which was only 200 yards away up to tho right. As ho turned his face in that direction for an instant 1 knocked up the guu with one hand, and rammed tho tinkers of my oi her in his red neck handkerchor. 'Not a word was spoken; but Jack knew he had to fiyht for it, or his hour had come, and to it we went, sir, hot enough I can tell you. With Jii.s heavy tipped boots he kicked at iny legs, every kick cutting mo as if you had slashed them with a reaping-hook. Jack was a practisod wrestler, aud this is the way he UHod to boat otf the Shaftesbury keepers. The bones wore bare before we had been ten minutes at it, aud he leaped and struggled like a mad bull, and cursed himself, no doubt to himself, for not having fired when he had had tho chance. I thought, when 1 tried to pinion him, that he would have tarn my two sums otl, and I had to boat him heavily in tho fice before I could quiet him, .and ^et his ^ui; from him, and in my left hand, and hold him fast with the other, as I tried (I was far from home) to drag him to the Thorney Down public-house. 'Wo had not proceeded far, even then, before hr? rc'x'llod, so I was forced to pi t the mm do.vu and tackle him :::j-\in ; and then we w.-ni' at it a;;ain. up i and uowu, throwing each other about ; and sometimes i was iiikleruio&t; aud ha i above ; but, by good luck, at last I ' paci fied' him, and took him oni as before. During this process he heldi me by the cheek with his teeth ; but, at last, I got him by the throat and choked him off, and held him till his face, was as black as your hat. ' Not a quarter of ai mile from this, and within sight of the public house, he began again, and seemed fresher than ever. In all my life H never met with such a man. He never I seemed to give in, and he kicked my shins so that I could scarcely stand. He gave me the hardest tumbles, but I gave him a squeeze or two I can tell yoir, and when he tried to get at his knife, I felled him three times running, and as for pounding we were both pretty well pounded ; and the moment I had given the man into Lord Waters'a custody at Xgushmere, I foil down in what they call a faint. Yeg ; it had been a great struggle, sir.' George told my informant, a 'Wiltshire gentleman, the whole story tn a modest and impressive manner. Bup we may be quite sure it was a desperate fight, a real unsparing grapple of anger stud despair. At Lord Waters's the poop wounded keeper was placed in a cart 'full of soft straw and driven slowly Home, to be nursed by Hotty an'd hei motiier. l neea scarcely say mat,, atter tins tumble, George's fortur e raipidly roee, Hetty's undo bolted ill the' night, and after Black Jack's trans] ortation for life, thp deer-poaching ? ganj ; of j Cranborno Chase quickly disappeai od. J There was a rapid supply of new ke iporaj the deputy ranger's interference was1 promptly stopped, and George ve y soon rose to the dignity of head- keep ;r. j When 1 last saw him he was landlord of the Bald-headed Stag and! nailing up an immense pair of an tie s over the parlor fireplace ; three sturdy I oys were holdiug thje stepB and shouting for hoy ; while Hjetty, with a bonny ba by in her arms, wi* endeavoring to keep order, as Lord Waters had juat been seen at [the turning of; the road, and was evidenily going to stop to enquire about the three blood hounds which were left in Glorge's care. Tfiere is a scar or two still on the brave keeper's face ; but they wdre honestly cairncd, and George isfnot ashamed of them. j 