at ON THINGS IN-GENERAL. " TO TIIS EDITO. - , SIR,--I am glad you let me have my ;h last growl, I don't like to growl but it le is a habit, so you must pardon me. ;d Well, now haven't our Legislative id Councilors done a fine stroke in passing ,d the second reading of the Medical h, Bill ? wont it be a good thing if some t of those who voted with the ayes gets d, bolus the next time they are sick from some of our "qualified" ones that will 1o make them quake ? If they don't they to ought, that's what I think. Is it not monstrous to think that a few men should put themselves up as judges as d to who the public should consult when tn they are ill. If the Growler should le get ill has he not a perfect right to send for Smith, Brown, Jones or Ro s binson, be they blacksmith or store y. keeper or anything else, if he thinks. , they can do him good without being d compelled to send for any particular ;s doctor by law. If he likes to run the risk that is nobody's business. Should ig they kill him with an overdose of salts r, that is his fault for having anything to I do with them. But it is no reason id why that highly-paid class of practi I tioners should try to get parliament to 3t compel him to send for them. Don't re you think there is just reason to growl. 1 Now with regard to the Land Bill, e- don't you think the free selectors e would have been very well satisfied with Danger's 6th clause. Growler e believes they would, for had it been r- loft as law they might have had their it deeds in a few years, and the payments required to be made were not of .such :d a character as to trouble them much, as at it is now it will take them something like twenty-nine years to pay and get their deeds at Is per year. But by id jabers, as it is now a man selecting (if it he only pays the Is) 40 acres at the age of 30 will be wound up so far as n health and strength are concerned be fore he can call the 40 acres his own. Bad cess to such a law--although the o sting is taken out of it by the amond. ment of Mvonday night, as it gives him y the right to pay any number of shil Slings over one- shilling per year. But h really they hang so long over small matters that it is enough to make a cross-grained beggar growl. Now as to Peter Campbell, you are t all determined to have a growl at him, a why not leave it all to me, amn the only d growler-beg pardon, no, forIfind you do it sometimes-but really I must s have a growl at you now. Why not lot him alone, people are now-a-days (as they think) wide awake, well if they o will give lot them, we all have our own r ways of liivng, as I have nine viz., by growling, and if Peter Campbell lives by asking money and others live al though giving it to him, I say let them. In your last you have a ghost story, t why didn't J.R.W. draw his nightcap over his eyes and go to sloop, and not bother us with what we all know--viz, that it is only he and the like of him get frightened and of course when they do so it must be put down as a ghost. Let him take my advice next time he wishes to bring up a ghost from the "vasty deep" or elsewhere. On Tuesday last it appears three of our worthy J.P.'s wasted their valuable time in listening to alot of stuff, as the sheep- racket never ought to have soon the light of day. And your old friend the bailiff deserves a growl for being so unfortunate as to make a mess of his business, and if he only heard me now at him for his unbusiness like job, he would believe I was the GnROWLER. AN Exciting Chase - On Saturday Senior- Constable Gall was escorting a prisoner charged with horse-stealing to Goulburn, (says the Argus) when the latter, taking advantage of the momentary abstraction of his custodian, bolted, and was immediately pursued by the constable, who fired five times at him, but missed his aim each time. The escaped man made for the Shoalhaven Gully, which he crossed, closely followed by his pursuer, who, however, in endeavouring to effect a crossing, fell down a precipice and sustained some painful injuries. Upon arrival of assistance, the constable was conveyed to a neighbouring habitation, and Dr. Gentle immediately sent for. That gentleman started from Goulburn at 5 o'clock yesterday (Monday) morning for the scene of the disaster, and on reaching there found that the constable had been very severely bruised and shaken, but fortunately there were no bones broken. Having administered to his medical requirements, Dr. Gentle left him in a tolerably easy state. The quondam prisoner made good his escape. A SENTRY's DUTY. - Some time since staff-sergeant Macgregor was des patched from head quarters to put the Goulburn Volunteer Rifle Corps through encampment drill, posting and relieving guard, &e.; At one drill parade he selected from the company a couple of privates to anot as sentries. Having placed them in their respec tive positions he said, "Each man takes ten paocs to the right, and ten to the left of hispost--lhis duty is to take charge of all Government pro party in view of his post, and in case of fire or other:unusual occurrence to alarm the guard." Withen the sorgeant had ended, away the sentries marhobed, doing their proper paces. In a short time the sergeant returned, and to test their memory asked one of them what he should do "in eaonse of firo," when the sentry who had bungled up toga thor all he had beeoon told, and confused at the sudden interrogatory, blundered out, (much to the amusement of his comrades in arms, and to the sonstorna tion of thoe sergeant,) in an unmistak able aceont, " I takes tin paces to my right, and I takes tin paces to my left, and'turns thebo guard insido out."-Com municatod to the S. Argtus. '' 