FALLS OF NIAGARA. The following, written by Rev Joseph Dare, we extract from The Spectator : — I left Chicago by the Michigan Cen tral Railway, en route for that grandest of scenes, which America justly boasts, and which is long stood, by universal acknowledgment, among the wonders of the world— the "Falls of Niagara." For some distance we passed along the shores of Lake Michigan, leaving the outskirts ef the city on our right ; then through country partly rural and partly wooden, but without any fea tures of special interest. Later in the day we passed through the pretty town of Ann Arbor, pleasantly situated beside a clear and rapidly flowing river, and surrounded by wooded hills, in one of which nestles the university for which it has become somewhat famous. Dr. Cocker, one of its professors, once resided as a merchant in Melbourne; but fortune not proving propitious, be left the southern world, abandoned commercial affairs, and emigrating., to America, devoted himself to -the higher pursuit of classical studies, in which he has already gained pre eminence. His recent work, on the " Coincidences between Scripture aud Greek Philosophy," is spoken of as a work of great literary merit., and as won him high distinctions throughout the Continent. Thence we passed to Detroit, and at length reached an aim of the Huron, where the whole train passed on to a ferry barge, which bore us to the opposite shore. By half-past six on the following morning we were at Bullaio, inu at nine on our way to Niagara, twenty-two miles distaut. On leaving Bufialo, the spot was pointed out to us where the Feniaus crossed the water to the Canadian shore, and met with such defeat and disaster, on the occasion of their famous invasion. For several miles we kept the River Niagara flowing smoothly on our left, passing ou through a fiat and uninterest ing country, portions ot \\\h:ch \itre cleared and fenced, while here and there patches oi scrub and forest told ot the valueless character ot the soil. Nothing in Ibo surrounding scene.", gfte--> tbo slightest indication that you are ap proaching that wouderful cataract, which is the pride of the continent, and whoso grandeur aud magnificence are kuown to the nations of the world. The small town of Niagara is on the American side of the river, in tho im mediate neighborhood ot the Fails, and during the summer season — when it be comes the resort of large numbers of visitors — it assumes the .character ot a l.u-v bazaar, for the sale ol roues cut from the limestone rock, Indian curiosi- t,ies. and photographic views of the e it-ii&ct;, and surrounding points of inter, st. It contains three commodious null \veil-bui!t hotels, one of which — ' Cctanict House" — is built by the American Rapids, the waters of which warii its basement storv. Chiton viouse, on tbo Canadian side, possesses 4. special loyuintioii for comfort- ot accommodation and excellence of -cuisine, while it com mands one of tho finest prospocs ot the Falls. Mv hotel was on the American side, t-iul having secured my room. I set off, impatient to g-tce on that grand spec tacle, to behold which had be.-n one -sf itbe dreams. I had heard much of the importunity of the cabmen here, n®d how new comers were besieged by them ; but the half had not been told me. Al though I resolved to look knowing, and utterly indifferent — as if perfectly fami liar with the pla.ee and its surronndiugs — they were net to be deceived. I hud no sooner left the steps of the hotel than several set en mo at once, until sur rounded with -carriages and dunned with -entreaties, I was well nigh 'pestered nut of my wits. " Drive you to Goat Us- land, show yen the Falls, -and back vio your hotel g only one -dollar, sir." Drive yon to the whirlpool, sir, -and show you all the points of interest on the i-iver." " Take you over the suspension (bridge to the Canada sideband show.you -the Horseshoe Falls from 'Table Rock." At length I -expostulated — " My good man I aui taking a short walk 'to Prospect Park - I prefer walking— do let me go iu peace but di was no .use — lie pleaded-on, driving beside me. Before entering upon a description -of Niagara, I may state, for the benefit <sf such as are uuinformed on the subject, that it stauds -connected with the vu-et lake system -sf North America — the largest and most important -in the world — receiving the flow of the four large inland seas — Lakes Superior, Michigan, Huron, and Erie — the total area of which is $7,000 square miles — comprising more; than one-third of the entire 'quantity off the fresh water of the -globe. Thef chasm el through which these waters are! poured into Lake Ontario- — whence, by; the St. Lawrenoe, they flow into the'. Atlantic Ocean — is the River Niagara,; which runs between Erie and Ontario, and is 36 miles in Sength. In its course — twenty-two miles from Lake Erie — a sudden break ocears across its entire bed, aud the whole .of the waters of the river pass over abrupt and pemendicnlar cliffs, in distinct and collateral sheets. These are the Falls of Niagara, which, in the luEguage of the Iroquois Indians — from which it was taken — is said to signify the " Thunder of Waters." Entering Prospect Park, and passing along by the foaming- rapids which flow between it aud Goat Island, I stood on Prospect Point, a favourite spot for gazers and sketchers, and where a party of visitors were about to be photographed, with the general view of the Falls for the background of their picture. I shall never forget that first view ; in ono scene stretching from the one shore to the other, in magnificent perspective, the whole of Niagara was before me; and although I had been familiar with de scriptions of it — from that of Father Hennepin, the Franciscan missionary, who first discovered it, in 1G7S, down wards — and with representations of it, of every conceivable kind, from my earliest childhood, I now beheld the reality, which no painter can transmit to canvas — no words describe. No aspect of nature was ever to me so full of the inspiration of awe, as that upon which I then gazed ; and as I looked upon it, bewildered with sensations I had never before experienced, it became not only daguerreotyped upon the retina of my eye, but indelibly stamped upon the tablet of my mind, in all its impressiveness aud power, in all its living majesty and snblimity — never to he obliterated. To obtain the view from below the American Fall, I des cended by means of a tram-car on an inclined plane, ingeniously worked by waterpower ; and in a few minutes was standing amidst the spray at the base of the cataract, and almost deafened with its noise, as it plunged down upon the dark fragments of rock before me. In the words of a descriptive writer, ' I could see an immense torrent of water tearing headlong down from some great height; but had no idea of shape _ or situation, or anything but vague im mensity." Taking the ferry boat, I crossed over to the Canadian side, obtaining from the middle of the stream, a magnificent and extended view of both falls. The water in the middle of the river, was rapid and turbulent,.' and-- tossed the boat on its agitated surface as though it had been a cockle-shell ; it was only by taking advantage of the favouring eddies on each side the passage was successfully accomplished. The view from the Canadian side is much more complete and effective than on the other; the American fall in its full ex tent is before you, a cataract G60 feet in width, and descending perpendicu larly 164 feet ; then, separated from it by the projection of Luna Island, is "the Middle Fall" — a graceful sheet of foaming water, of crystal clearness and beauty, 100 feet in breadth, beneath which the famous Cave of the Winds is situated ; then comes Coat Island, and the point of rock where once the Terra pin Tower stood; and still extending to the right, the " Horseshoe Fall," nearly 200 feet in width, with its irre sistible tide of one hundred millions of tons per hour, and "its deep and deafen- ingroarofendless melody, "asit plunges majestically into that curdling sea of miik-white foam, and sends up its towering clouds of mist, to be painted by the sunbeams in many-colored bows of magic beuuty. By many, Table Rock is regarded as famishing the most commanding and impressive view — the raging rapids above- whiilmg and foaming madly on to their fearlul leap ; the indescribable sublimity of the cataract descending in its nwful magnificence at your very feat-; and the terrible cauldron ot seething and fathom less waters beneath ; combine to present a scene that is adapted (o awaken un usual emotion, and so inspire the pro- fdurulest awe. The late Charles Diekuus, writing of this scene, says: — "It was not till I came on Tabic Rock, and looked on the fall of bright gre..n water that it. tame upon in-, in it full might and majesty. The Niagara was for ever stamped upon my heart, and the image of beauty, to remain .here, changeless, and indellible, until its puis s.vuit-d to Iseut for ever. I think in ev.-rv quiet season now — still do these waters roll, and leap, aud roar, and tumble, all day long ; still are the rainbows spanning \- them a hundred feet below ; still, when . (he sun is ou theou, do they shine and glow like molten gold ; still, when the ; day is gloomy, do they fall like snow, of j seem to crumble away like the front of a; great chalk cliff, or roll down tho rock; like dense white smoke. But always; does the mighty stream appear to die as it come r down, and always from ils un fathomable grave arises tk-at tremendous ghost of spray and mist which is never laid, which bus haunted dhis place with the same dread solemnity sinee darkness brooded -on. the deep, 'and that first flood before the deluge — light — cstme rushing on creation sit the word of God." Longmus says " that alone is truly snblimo -ef which the conception is vast, the effect -irresistible, and the remem brance scarcely, if ever, to be erased." All who have seen Niagara acknowledge its sublimity : and, in addition, I fully endorse itha statement of Mr Dickens that it is'&n; " image of (beauty." Some one has said that " the 'beautiful is the shadow of God's loveliness, the sublime the shadow of God's majesty." Here both are 'blended, and to express therfull idea of the scene it muet be described as " sublimity beautiful." In the smooth, gleaming, curving waters, with their changing forms and varied hues, 'the leading elements of beauty were ever to be observed — as in the -different tones of light, theffolds of glistening crystal, :«,ud creamy dlabaster, and (liquid emerald, aud of the subtle ravs of the rose-tinted opal, all flecked with s new-while cascades of flaky foam, lived, aud moved, >and blended before yon ; indescribable purity, inconceivable delicacy, and matchless beauty wer6 stamped upon the face of this marvellous creation of the Great Eternal, which the rising<gauze-Iike veils of transparent mist strove in vain to hide. The -late Dr Dixon, who visited it in 1S4S, 'has thus recorded his im pressions — "tl sat silent end motionless a long time, looking, with a sort -of .vacant astonishment, at the whole scene. The thoughts, ' It is grand 1 It is sub lime ! It is terrible !' crossed my minfi ; but nothing definite had fixed itself there — all remained .in the same confusion, chaos, stupefaction. At length, as df awakening from a dream, (E exclaimed — x How beautiful !' And then, in moment, a thrill ran through my soulj. like an electrical shock, wvhich at. once scattered the mists ; sand I ex- claimed, load enough to have feeen heard: — ' Ah yes, that is at — it belongs to the beautiful !" This was a new idea— a revelation — and traasformed the wholb scene, ia an instant, into perfect unity and glory. I considered Niagara as the most sublimely beautifnl object tny eye ever beheld." Lord- Morpeth wrote of it — There's nothing great or bright, thou glorious Fall!. Thou may'st not to the fancy's sense recall — The thunder-riven cloud the lightning's leap, The stirrings of the chambers of the deep; Earth's emerald green and many- tinted dyes, The fleecy whiteness of the upper skies ; The tread of armies, thickening as they come, The boom of cannon, and the beat of drum ; The brow of beauty and the form of grace, The passion and the prowess of our race ; The song of Homer in its loftiest hour, The unresisting sweep of Boman power ; Britannia's trident on the azure sea, America's young shout of liberty ! After ascending to' the roof of a neigh boring hotel, known as Prospect House, which overlooked the great Fall, . and commanded an extensive view of all the surrounding scenery, I went down a circular stairway, of 120 steps, to the " Hermit's Gave," and entered, a short distance behind the falling sheet of water, under the overhanging cliff. The roar of the cataract was deafening, re calling to mind the words of Revelation, " The sound of many waters," " mighty thunderings the slippery path upon which I was standing seemed to tremble beneath me. The vast liquid curtain was almost within my reach, and stretch ing upwards of 150 feet above me — a stone thrown by my utmost force seemed scarcely to enter it, but fell, recoiling from its stroke. The position, however, was somewhat dangerous, and as I hoped yet to meet loved ones I had left behind, and to engage in the work of my Divine Master in Australia, I thought it prudent to retire. I returned by way of Clifton House and the " New Suspension Bridge," a graceful, gOBsamer-looking structure, for foot passengers and light carriages, span- ning th9 entire distance from the Canadian to the American side, of 1200 feet, and at an elevation of 190 feet above fho river. It was erected at a cost ot 175,000 dollars, and is not only of eminent service to tho throngs of visitors who frequent the locality, but is in itself an object ot carious interest, and a crowning ornament, from whatever point it is beheld. To prevent my paper ex ceeding its proper limits, I must reserve the account of my further ramblings at Niagara for my next. 