' MR. PEARSALL SMITH AND HIS DOCTRINES. Mr. Smith has returned to America, but the controversy roused by his utterances at the Brighton Conference, as well as by his published works, is in full force : — 'The thing now called holiness,' as 'Dr. Bpnar forcibly remarks, ' is not that which we find in Scripture ; and the method of reaching holiness, by an instantaneous leap, called an act of faith, is nowhere taught us by the Holy Ghost. One thing has Btruck me sadly in the authorised Report of the Brighton Conference — tne number or perverted, passages or scripture ; ana tms is reauy tne root of the whole evil. The speakers first disclaim — I might say deride — theology, and then they proceed to distort the Word of God.' In a vigorous and earnest letter published on 2nd July, Mr. Marcus Wright says :— ' This new system speaks of the 7th of Romans as ' miser able, spiritless, and Ohristless ;' of ' Scripture having a thousand mean ings,' of the Apostle Paul having ' lost communion with Christ and victory through faith over sin ;' ' it calls the doctrine of the two natures stuff,' and has many such, statements equally subversive of the faith once delivered to the saints.' Another correspondent, him self an eminent scholar and interpreter of Scripture, thus writes: — ' When texts which describe the condition of the believer viewed representatively in Christ, are systematically represented as actually true of a believer in his present personal condition in the body; when we find these teachers saying that truth lies somewhere between Luther and Bellarmine, Augustine and Pelagius, in respect of the subject matter in dispute ; when we find them in their solemn meet ings, assigning positions of honour and influence to Spiritualists, and persons unsound in doctrine, I cannot understand how those who give themselves up to such teachers can themselves hope to escape without rebuke.' v In a letter to Rev. G. T. Fox, Dr. Bonar says :— ' I have no wish to unsay or retract what I have said or written. The evil appears to me so great, and the infectious influence of this delusion so perilous, that, if I were adding anything to that letter, it would be to say something even more decided as to that root of bitterness which has sprung up to trouble the church of God in these, last days. I have never met with Mr. Smith. I once heard him give an address upon his peculiar theme some years ago ; and it was what I heard myself that made me realise the seriousness of the mischief, for I saw that he was robbing the Epistles of the Romans and the Hebrews of the very things which make them so precious to the church of God. His two little books, one on the 6th and the other on the 7th of the Romans, will show you what I mean. I think these are about the most unscriptural tracts I ever read ; and I am amazed that Christian men, and especially ' ministers, should listen to the teaching of one who has published such words, and so strangely set himself (unconsciously, I am sure) to sub vert the teaching of the apostle. ! The following is the closing paragraph of a long letter to the Rev. A. M. Christopher: — ' We are grievously behind in our walk and service; We do fail most sadly in trusting Christ for holiness. Many of our failures maybe traced to our want of confidence in Him. But let us ' watch and pray' as well as trust. Trust without these is an expectation that He will do miraculously what He has promised to do by His Word and Spirit. ' Sanctify them through Thy truth ;' ' purify their hearts by the faith ;' ' for their sakes I sactify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.' The truth, the Word, the discipline, the furnace — these are some of the appliances by which He advances the holiness of his own. The process is long and severe, as in the case of Job ; but the end is perfection in holiness at the coming of the Lord with all His saints. It is not the act of faith that sanctifies us, however definite — it is that which we 'believe. Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. ? 'Acts of faith ' are the acts of holy men — men already consecrated by the belief of the truth and the sprinkling of the blood. Let us lay aside the novel appliances of man, which seem to take for granted that the ovord has failed, and that we must get up new methods and devise new lan guage ; and let us betake ourselves more simply to the very word and words of God. His words are not so startling as those I have quoted^ above, but 'they are spirit and they are life.' Each word has not ' a thousand meanings,' as was said at Brighton ; for if it were so, God has spoken to us in vain. Each word has its own true, simple meaning, and we do not need to go beyond the words which the Holy Spirit has inspired. They are enough. They are s ? ? the best. When man tries to use stronger expressions he only plays the fool. And if there be any part of Scripture more suitable than another for us in these days, it is the message sent down from heaven by an ascended Lord — the epistles to the seven churches. They con tain the true counsels for the saints of God in the evil day. In them we are not urged to the performance of 'acts of consecration,' definite or indefinite, nor to a waiting for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, nor to any artificial means of restoring the Church's lost warmth and holiness ; but we are thus simply exhorted by our risen Head, ? Remember, therefore, from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do thy first works.' We shall be safer in following the guidance presented in these epistles than in accepting the newer and more complicated directions of man. If a council of the churches were called together to consider what should be done for the increase of holiness, the greater part of the business should be the study of these words of heavenly wisdom, which in the present movement seem to have been unaccountably overlooked. Man's artificial words produce? it may be, an immediate movement ; but they lead to a perilous reaction, which either paralyses life or stimulates it 'into an unhealthy and insane activity. I do not apologise to Mr. Christopher for the ' freedom with which I have thus written. He knows how much, in spite of our present difference, I esteem and love him ; how much, too, I feel his many acts of kindness towards myself. But I could not refrain from saying what I have said in defence of what I believe to . be the injured truth of God ; and I am sure of this, that what he has written of me and what I have written of him will not produce in either of us the very shadow of alienation from each other.1' Our common desire and prayer is that we should be far holier men than we have ever been.' ? 