The Storyteller. Miss Angel. Chapter XI. PENELLO VOLANTE. BY MISS THACKERAY. "THAT is Sally Lennox, and that is her cousin," said Lady W., pointing with her fan to a figure in a picture in which Juno and the Graces had taken mortal shape, surely the moat graceful and beautiful of the day. Libations were flowing and tranquil altars to beauty were raised in shady groves by the courteous painter. As a contrast to the dream, a reality was hanging opposite. The portrait of a man with a squint, saturnine-looking face, a long, lean figure. " What an ugly fellow !" cried Angelica, gaily, standing on tiptoe to look ; "he is much too ugly to be bo well painted. I wonder he does not frighten those beautiful ladies away." "That, madam, is Mr. Wilkes, the celebrated patriot," said an attendant, who had followed them. The man was an Italian half-secretary, half-assistant, to Mr. Reynolds. "This is the well-known Colonel Barre," he continued, and he pointed out another long, lean form, in a military coat. On the opposite aide of the gallery smiled two charming persons who will hold their graceful place in life, while Sir Joshua's cera and lacca and olio* (as he notes them in his Diary) still exist. When these particles are dispersed into apace the names of the beautiful actresses will ■till remain associated with hid art; Clarinda, as ■he writes herself on his list of sitters, is charm ing Miss Clive ; and Mrs. Abington is also here, smiling and gracious, and forgetting the irrita tion caused by Garrick's wrongs towards her. The attendant told Angelica that the portrait of the young officer was that of young Mr. Andre. "He is just gone into the army," said the man, "and the picture is for hi™ to give to his mother. Mr. Reynolds told me it was the like ness of the uniform that the young gentleman was specially anxious about" Most of the finished pictures were hung in the gallery. In the studio were only those upon which the painter was engaged. It was a good sized room, with a window high up in the wall, and a high raised chair for sitters. Angelica started rapidly forward. " This light IB excellent," she exclaimed ; " I never saw it so arranged before." She also looked with reverence at the palettes with their wooden handles, at the great pencils with their long stocks, and then ahe suddenly sprang up into the sitter's chair. She was still perched there when the master of the house himself walked in, and after one surprised glance, made his obeisance to Lady W. This lady had thrown herself into a graceful attitude, and stood leaning against the side of the great chair. She bent her head, graciously composed, while Angelica, in some confusion, came down from her high perch. Mr. Reynolds came forward, dressed in his velvet coat and with a bag wig; he was of middle sue, and looked young for his age; he was a little deaf; but in those days in private he needed no trumpet; his clear eyes shone with placid benevolence under their falling lids. He had scarred lips, mobile and sensitive. His voice mi singularly pleasant as he spoke. "I have brought you—guess who this is that I have brought you," Lady W. said, contiuuing to look so charming herself that the painter could only make another low bow and say, "You have brought me a vision of Paradise, madam. My poor place seems illumined by such gracious apparitions. lam sorry," he con tinued, "to have been out when you arrived. I bad been sent for to a friend in difficulties, who adds to mine by taking up time that might have been better spent. Was not my sister here to attend upon you ?" "Mrs. Reynolds was not dressed," said Marchi, the outspoken attendant: " she begged me to make her excuses. She was in no fit state to appear." Mr. Reynolds turned away, and began to point out the pictures.. Angelica looked, listened, and thrilled with admiration and reverence. Once turning round, the painter met the expressive flash of her eager eyes. How different was that language from the languid, fine lady, criticism to which he was now hardened. Something told him that this was no ordinary visitor, that one instant's glance between the two said more than half-a-dozen commomplaces interchanged. He stopped short as he was walking by Lady W. "You have not yet introduced me to your friend," he said. " Can this be indeed . . ." he looked at Angelica curiously and kindly. " Yes, this is Miss Kauffinann," said Lady W. " You have found her out at last. Did I say one word too much ?" she asked, smiling. He did not answer directly. " Will you honor me by permitting a visit to your studio to-morrow morning ?" said the great painter to the quivering, smiling, charming, little painter in her pretty quaint dress. The satin trimmingß glistened in the sloping light of the high window, the light just caught the turn of her white throat and the shining pearls Mrs. Betty had looped in her hair. The painter's kind glances seemed also to shine, Angelica thought, and she blushed up with innocent pleasure. Mr. Reynolds accompanied them ceremoniously to the door of her house. As they descended the pretty old turning staircase Angel was amused to see a little figure wrapped in a sort of cloak appearing in a doorway—a little middle-agea lady, who advanced towards them, but then seeing that Mr. Reynolds was there, vanished again with extraordinary celerity. " To-morrow ! Do not fail us, false man," said Lady W., holding up her mitten. Then she asked casually whether Lord Henry had shown Mr. Reynolds his last attempt. " Shocking daubs, are they not ?" said Lady W., with a sort of forced laugh; but the ex perienced painter answered gravely that there was merit in them not to be passed over. " There J Is he not charming ?" cried Lady W., as they drove off in the great coach, " I told you so. . . It is decreed in the book of fate. • •" And all the way home Lady W. was her brightest and mo*t charming sell All that afternoon and evening she loaded her protege with kindness and pretty speeches. Lady Di, who was a good woman at heart, but not more perfect than her neighbors, began to feel even more provoked and indignant than usual. An gelica, who had tried iv vain to conciliate her at first, now accented open warfare, and at every new compliment looked rouud in childish glee to see how Diana frowned. Then came Lord Henry, joining in with his cousin, Lady W., aud echoing her words. He called himself a passion ate admirer of art; and it was from him that Lady W. had learnt to take an interest in pictures, that U to say, in the pastels and the copies, and the copies of copies, that Lord Henry affected. Next moniiug, true to his appointmeut, Mr. Reynolds walked across to Berkeley Square, and found the two ladies of the house standing look ing out by the gate of the park. " Miss Kauffmann is at home in her painting room. " Come this way," said Lady W. " Let us take her by surprise, you can enter by the glass door." The surprise was very short, for Angelica was listening to every footstep. Once she thought Mr. Reynolds had come, but it was only Lord Henry Belmore who, rather to her annoyance, asked leave to wait iv her studio for Lady \Y\, with whom he was goiug out. She let him sit down where he would, and went on with her painting. Then came more steps on the terrace and voices, aud Angelica looked up, blushed, and sprung to the open window. This time .«he saw the person she was waiting for so impatiently. "Here is a friend," said Lady W., as they came in, then her voice changed, " Henry, you here ! we were waiting for you outside." " Surely you told me to come to the studio," said Lord Uenry ; then he stepped up to her, and in a low vui-.v siid something, and the two walked off into the irnrden. " How long had he been here ?" Lady Di asked. "A long time," said Angelica, "ten minutes —more, I painted the heel of my Cupid's little foot again while he was here." "And you evidently suffered from bis vicinity," said Mr. Reynolds, smiling, " for your picture is cb.irmiug; but you will have to re paint your Cupid's foot." "Do you really mean it ? I assure you I wa3 not thinking of anything, but my work." "If I may venture to advise I should not recommend your ever paintiug without a model;" • The right of republkhin- " MUa Angel" has been paiUMed by the proprietors of The Q •■.t.uUi.nUt: said Mr. Reynolds, "some of the French school maintain that it is better to trust to one's own impressions ; but there I cannot agree." Angelica grew mterested ; but, for the sake of argument, Bhe attempted to contradict Mr. Reynolds, and declared that the little foot was not out of drawing, but though Bhe contradicted, her own looks contradicted her words as she looked up with deprecating blue eyes, knowing that people always forgave her when she looked them in the face. ' * " I can only speak from my own experience," said Mr. Reynolds, smiling. "Mr. Stothard, I believe, uses no models ; I may be wrong." Lady Diana saw it aIL She said to herself that Angelica was a vulgar flirt and Mr. Reynolds a vain dupe ; and then, this odd woman re proaching herself for secret feelings that she dare not express, B<ud suddenly: " Because Miss Kauffmann has well shaped eyes it does not follow that you should deny what you know to be true, Mr. Reynolds ; her pictures are out of drawing ; it is all very pretty and sentimental, but quite false to nature." Mr. Reynolds disliked anything approaching to a scene, and turned quietly away, and began to examine the sketch of Arcadia. "My admi ration and respect for Miss Kauffmann's work are too sincere for me to hesitate to declare what seems to me to be its excellence, or what in it might still further be improved." Then he stopped, and went back to the first picture again, saying, "Correctness of eye is only to be acquired by long habit, the same conduct is necessary in art as in language, and when anything is properly made our own it be comes part of ourselves and operates unperceived. We may thus exercise a kind of instinctive rectitude of mind, which will supersede all rules." _He spoke quietly, continuing on purpose to give Angelica time to recover from Lady Dfs unprovoked attack ; he was as much annoyed with that lady as it was possible for a man of his gentle and controlled temper. _ The tears of vexation shining in Angel's eyes did not mend matters or soften him towards her adversary. With some sudden brightness and effort Angelica brushed them away unaffectedly, and said, "Thank you, Mr. Reynolds, you have given me heart again, and in truth Lady Diana is not the first person who has warned me of my defects, but the others warned me from kindness, and so did you," said the girl, turning to Lady DL She could not bear to say an unkind word. "It was from no kindness," said Lady Di, turning pale; "you are quite right, people should forbear to speak unless they are in sympathy with those they criticise—although the picture is out of drawing," and she walked out of the room. Before Mr. Reynolds left, he fixed a day for their next meeting, and asked leave to paint Miss Angel's portrait She delightedly agreed. It was at this time that Angelica wrote long happy letters to her father at her uncle Michael's farm. When was he coming—was Antonio with him—was he not rejoiced at his child's good fortune?— Happy as she was she missed him sadly at times, and longed for his parental sympathy and advice and help. She had visited many painters, she told him, Mr. Cipriani among the rest; but chief of all was Mr. Reynolds, the first painter in the town. He has her own peculiar manner, writes Angelica, His portraits are almost historical; he has a flying brush (un pentllo vulante) she says, and a great know ledge of chiaroteuro. Then she told her father of all the kind things people said. Mr. Reynolds himself had asked her to paint his portrait; those she. had executed had already given satisfaction. Lady W. had promised her letters of introduc tion to the Duchess of Argyll. The great and talented Mrs. Darner had promised to sit Count de Horn, whom they had known, was in London, and anxious for a portrait; she had heard that the Queen herself had asked with interest con cerning her. Mr. Reynolds was the kindest, the most untiring friend. " I might indeed think too much of his kindness," wrote Angelica," but that I have vowed to think only of my art, and have closed my heart to all other passions." There is a little paper still in existence which the girl wrote one night in a thoughtful mood. " Not easily shall I bind myself : Rome is ever in my thoughts. The Holy Spirit will direct me." Then she wrote again, detailing more and more success. The Princess of Brunswick was in London at this time, and had ordered a portrait of Angelica herself, and this picture had procured for her a visit from the Princess of Wales, the mother of the King ; such an honor had never before been done to any painter, writes Angelica. Now she is beginning to put by money, now she may think of a home for her dear to come to, now she may begin to see her way clearly established. "Her letters, at this time," says Rossi, " are those of a person at the summit of tranquility and joy." A little later on she tells him of a proposition of marriage and of her refusal, and it was soon after this that Mr. Fuseli left London and went abroad. But notwithstanding these letters, old John Joseph still delayed. Poor Antonio was in des pair. He could not afford to wait any longer for the obstinate old man. Angelica, who had felt somewhat forlorn at times, always brightened up after a talk with Mr. Reynolds. He spoke with all Antonio's directness and sympathy, and with authority at. well. They had many long talks together ; she enjoyed her sittings very much, and spoke to him openly of all her old life and new hopes, in which he took unfailing interest It was Mr. Reynolds who first told her of the house in Golden-square in which she afterwards settled, and who urged upon her the independence of a home of her own in which she could receive her father. She had been longing for some word of pro tective admonition; she had an instinctive desire for protection, it was as necessary to her as liberty. Mr. Reynolds seemed to give her more sense of ease by his few kind words than did all the compliments and adulations to which Bhe was now so used ; sometimes unduly excited about her work, sometimes utterly depressed and hopeless, the bracing sense of the truth as it struck another person's mind came to her with an unspeakable relief, not the partial truth of adverse criticism, which is always hard to bear, but the considerate judgement of one so high in authority, of a person qualified to apeak. And for him was it not a new experience of happiness to have such a sweet model bringing new life, light, and color into his hard-working existence. "Miss Angel Fiori" is written in that book of fate his diary for the year. He need not have written it down, his mind was full of her and her concerns. The flowers were for her birthday, when Lady W. had graciously promised to bring her to sup in Leicester Fields. They were all to assemble in Charles-street first, and go to see Mr. Garrick in Hamlet " Make yourself beautiful, my Angel, and do not be late," said Lady W. " Mr. Reynolds is coming." She was glad that he was expected, and she went to dress with a light heart, feeling that friends were true, life was worth living, and even dress worth dressing. Miss Angel spared no pains in her attire that evening, and had shown her wit in a sacque and petticoat of white silk, resembling net-work—not unlike that one worn by Mrs. Nollekens at her wedding. It was shot with gray and embroidered with rose- buds. The deep aud pointed stomacher was pinked aud I gimped. The sleeves of this dress closely fitted the arm to a little below the elbow, from which hung three point-lace ruffles. Her neckerchief was of point, and confined by a buuch of rose buds, and the three rows of pearls were tied with a narrow white satin ribbon behind. They were Rutnau pearls, but not the less becoming to her slender throat. Her hair was piled over a cushion (cushions were rising in favor steadily year by year). She wore a small cap of point lace to corres pond with her ruffles. Her shoes were of the same material as her dress, with Bristol spangles and heels three iuches high. She came in smil ing and laughing in her wildest spirits, prepared to enjoy and to admire, aud to be admired, if the truth must be confessed. As she entered the room, she saw a figure stauding against the light "Is that you, Mr. Reynolds .-" she said, for she was still thinking i of him. " Have you been waiting long i" Mr. ! Reynolds was fond of speaking Italian, and often used that language ; but this deep, angry voice was very unlike his gentle tones. " I have been waiting for mauy weeks, and you are not ready for me, I see." Surely that was not Mr. Reynolds ; some one stepped out of the shadow, and Angelica uttered a little exclamation, for Antonio's dark eyes were flash ing at her, angry, happy, suspicious, melting at the sight of her again, frowning at her greeting. For one minute she was herself enchanted to see her old companion, she clapped her hands and darted up to him with a glad exclamation : " Antonio ! Antonio ! who thought of seeing you ! My father, where is he f Zuccbi was silent, looking at her admiringly. He had never dreamt of her in such beauty and brilliance; but it was indeed Angelica ? " I have broken my promise, Angelica; I have come without your father," he said at last " But it was in vain I urged him. I should have lost my year's work had I waited longer. 1 left him ten days ago at Monbegno ; he is well, and well cared for. He will come, he says, when you are in your own house. "So much for your promises," cried Angel bitterly disappointed and unjust to poor An tonio. " You have left him, poor dear ! Who is one to trust if one cannot trust you .' —you who are always warning one against other* ; you who " The door opened as she was speaking, still eager and excited, and announced Mr. Reynolds, and almost immediately after Lord Henry Bel more and M. FuselL Lady W. affected artistic society. She had met the young painter with the lion head not long before, and taken to him, perhaps among other reasons, be cause she had been somewhat piqued by his in difference. Mr. Reynolds was in full dress. He wore his red velvet court suit and his.sword. He «»ny up carrying the flowers he had ordered in the morning, and presented them with a little com pliment full of bonJummic and grace. The ex pression of his face was very kind as he bent be fore the young deity at whose shrine they all seemed to lay down their arms. As Mr. Rey nolds stepped forwards, Angelica's passing anger was distracted. She had forgotten it all ; but Antonio's heart sank with gloomy apprehension. Her anger pained him less than her pleasure now did. Was ever anyone so absurd, so proud, so sensitive as this shabby little painter ? Net Mr. Reynolds in all his glory, not Angelica radient and supreme, could guess the depths of that curious nature. Angelica might have understood him if she had had time or wish to do so ; but she was pre-occupied, impatient; her beautiful silk dress rustled at every step ; her many lovers and friends were all arriving, saluting, talking, and calling her away. The door kept opening, and admitting first one person and then another. Lady W. made her state entry, followed by my lord in his blue ribbon. Zuccbi saw some of the people present glance at him with surprise ; and when the lady of the house entered, her look of enquiry and amazement might have disconcerted a far more experienced man of the world than he. " This is my old friend Antonio Zucchi," said Angelica, coming forward with her quick familiar voice ; "he came to bring me news of my father, dearest lady." Then she turned to him more constrainedly, for Lady W.s somwhat haughty smile was still on Antonio. " You must come to-morrow morining when I am alone, Antonio, and then we will talk about our busi ness ;" and she held out her hand. " Our business !" said Antonio, coldly ; " I have no business. I came as a friend to see ! you ; it is time I should retire and leave you to your acquaintance," and he bowed to Lady W., not without dignity, and then to AngeL "Will not your friend honor me with his company to-night ?" said Mr. Reynolds, always courteous and considerate of others, and he came forward as he spoke. Antonio stiffly declined, made him a haughty bow, and was gone. Once outside he could control himself no longer. As he ran down Btairs, he impatiently struck his hand upon his head, muttering something like " False! false !" to himself. He did not even see Lady Diana, who passed him on her way to join the company and heard his words. As §he opened the door, she was shocked and revolted by Angelica's gay burst of laughter. Angelica's first feeling had certainly been that of present relief. Everybody looked more at ease as An tonio left the room, and the voices rose. Bat although Antonio was gone, he still seemed present to Angelica in some mysterious way. Diana did not know that her good spirits were partly caused by his coming. A little later on and Angelica became a little distraite, and it was the Kauffmann, and not Mr. Reynolds, who begged for a repetition of Mr. Fuseli'a remark —What were they all talking about ? The new erection in the King's garden at Kew ; —the Chinese tower, designed by Chambers, and cost ing ever so many thousands. " I cannot say I admire it," said Mr. Reynold*. "We are dwellers in London, and not at Pekin." " But we drink Bohea out of China cups ; we wear brocades and crapes from China," said Angelica ; and she held up one of the long loose sleeves. " And we, muHap^ are certain to be charmed by anything you choose to wear or to do," said Mr. Reynolds, bowing again ; " but you did not erect the Chinese tower." Mr. Garrick was acting Hamlet that night in powder and court dress, facing the infinite in a periwig and treading the great globe of life in paste shoe buckles. There was something mag netic in the night; misty as it was, with vapors enclosing the theatre and creeping in from outer doorways and veiling the brilliant charms of the ladies present; the rouge on their cheeks, the pretty crimsoned lips. Then the great play itself seemed to spread and spread and drive out all other impressions. It was not only on the stage that it was being acted. Chapter XIL M Hamlet." Garrick was not generally liked in the part of Hamlet; but to-night the play seemed to grow and grow, to become the life of those human beings all assembled there ; they were come together to see a play, to laugh at one another, and make signs and to admire and criticise, but they remained to listen to the secrets of their lives unfolded. Garrick's faithful adorer, Miss Hannah More, sat palpitating in a box by Mrs. Garrick's side. Zucchi was in the pit; he knew none of the people; he had heard them talking; he, too, had come to the theatre ; he was looking for one face which had not yet appeared. In a stage-box sat the shabby and noble figure of a man, with a seamed and benevolent counte nance, and by bis side an intelligent little ferretty person, peeping forward to get a better view of the audience. "They're come, sir," he said, "the whole party ; they have secured two excellent boxes. There is Mr. Reynolds aud Fuseli, and there is the fair observed of all observers. Mr. Reynolds has not invited me to sup with him to-night I hear he is giving a great festivity ; you, of course, are privileged." " There is no privilege, sir, in being admitted to a house where friendship has established a right of way," said the big, shabby man. " But to-night I shall refrain ; Mr. Reynolds is not unbiassed by the transient influences of those in ferior to him in intellect Miss is far more reliable : slu would make my tea undisturbed by any circumstances." Mr. Boßwell was craning to get a good view of the " transient influences " now surrounding Mr. Reynolds. Lovely, smiling, splendid Lady W. had never looked more stately and beautiful than she did that night Her charms seemed diffused somehow, and she aud Angelica sat opposite like two mirrors reflecting one another. A summer, a spring bloomiug in brightness, their fans waved. The flowers seemed to fill the box. Even Lady Diana looked her best Mr. BoBwell tben discovered Dr. Burney and his daughter in another part of the theatre. " Mrs. Thnile should not have been absent on such a night as this," he remarked. Dr. Johnson again rebuked him, and, as usual, Mr. Boswell listened with the greatest attention and deference, sometime* adding a start as if to add emphasis to his respect. The play begrin, and even Dr. Johnson was silent In great acting there is some subtle measure impossible to describe, sometimes passing in certain harmony, and that night, when Hamlet Btood upon the stage, a mysterious intelligence not to be explained seemed certainly and at once to flash between him aud his audience. The plain, commonplace-looking man became in- ' stautly, and without effort, the master of all ' these splendid people who were watching him. i It was as if he were the pulse that flowed through their veins. This hour was his own, as j this mood was his, to which he gave the note, the time, the life almost. How nobly he stands listening, while the poor Ghost moans its awful plaint! Hamlet's beauti- ' ful voice seemed to strike home to every heart ; when he answered in clear tranquil tones. Then ; rise passion and remorse, and woes thicken as ' the play goes on, and the notes come full and dull with passion, and the words seem to break bounds and jar and clang. Is the noble prince maddened as he turns in ' heart scorn, rending and railing at all those ha has loved and trusted hitherto ? Through this storm of shaken life comes poor Ophelia, wandering forlorn and helpless. Mrs. Addington was not acting that night, but a young actress whose utter simplicity and sweetness touched them aIL " I did love you once," said Hamlet. " Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so," says Ophelia. " Get thee to a nunnery," he cries, remorse lessly, carried far beyond the mood of love, but tender still, even at this moment, when a swerv ing finite nature is suddenly brought to face the infinite truth, as it lies between them, awful, inevitable. The scene was so tender, so inexpressively sad and despairing, it raised all the audience out of their petty chatter and racket of snuff boxes. Miss Hannah burst into tears. Was some great power there among them all alive and speaking by the mouth of this little David again ? It was a relief to everyone when Everyday came in once more, and the players distract the jarred soul, and bring him back for an hour into common words and daily life. " Mr. Garrick outdoes himself to-night," said Mr. BoswelL • * " Sir," said his tutor, "you mean that Garrick outdoes your preconceived opinion of his powers. He has played his part with memory. He is a good repeater of other men's words." But when Mr. Reynolds came into the box presently, and made some slight objection to some detail of Hamlet's performance, the old man rose up in wrath. " Let me tell you, sir, that David is a genius, his fame is prodigious : his excellence as an actor is universally acknowleged. He is more likely to be correct than you are. He leaves nothing to chance ; every gesture, every word is matured in his closet" Mr. Reynolds did not stay to argue the matter; he has left a record of some such dialogue with his old friend. He was in haste to return to his companions. It was not only Mrs. Hannah More whose tears flowed that evening. For little Angelica the doom of the inevitable seemed to strike almost for the first time. The knell sounded in her ears, poor Ophelia's story seemed so unutterably sad. "How could he leave her?" she said; ' Oh, how could he leave her," and she turned to Mr. Reynolds and then laughed and tried to wipe away her tears. "I am ashamed," she Bobbed, all confused. "Might I be permitted to retire to the back of the box ?" She moved her chair as she spoke. Both Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Fuseli came for ward together, and each on either aide held out a hand to assist her. Angelica half laughed, and looked from one to the other gaily through her pairing tears; she put out her two little hands and raised herself with the help of both the gentlemen. Some one in the pit, who had been looking on, turned very pale and made a furious indignant movement. "How angry that man looks," said a casual spectator to his companion. "Is he not a countryman of yours, Mr. Cipriani ?" " My countrymen are apt to look angry when tfcey are vexed," said Mr. Cipriani. He was a dark^yed man with a long nose and a brown face full of .refinement and intelligence. " Your countrymen*take life more calmly, Mr. Nolle kens," he added, laughingly. " That man is frowning at Mrs. Kauffmann up among her fine birds. My heart, how she seems to be carrying on with Mr. Reynolds !" said Mr. Nollekens. " She is of a gay and innocent temper, and thinks not of evil tongues," said Mr. Cipriani, kindly. "She has real talent, she brought me some drawings yesterday." 