LATEST INTERCOLONIAL NEWS Two Ladies Lost on Mount Taeeangowke, ? — A correspondent from Maldon writes to tho Mount Alexander Mail as follows:— 'On one ' of the 'darkest nights during last week, when the cold was intense) and the rain literally coming : down in -bucketfuls, two ladioB got lost on ! mount; rarrangowor, amidst the crevasses and gullies which cross and reoross .one another in :an inextricable confusion, arid which' are com paratively yet unexplored in that/ vicinity. It ?appears a lady arid her servant ' bad started away during tho day in search of, a cow which bad beeu; missing for some time, and after wandering'' about Here and there, the /'.shades of night', came op, and to, their honor they -found ; themBeljes fa^. from honiei drenched to tlio skin and minus' their boots, jvhich had' been lost in a mud- liole in trying ..to . extricate their feet. : After, climbing aevoral hills, and descending steep gullies, to.-the .imminent danger of their ! liveB, they, to their .intense relief, desoried a. j,: glimmer ; of light through 'the gloom' and rain, and hastened to the beacon, whioh they: . found proceeded . from a ? .lantern.. hung to a whim. After getting ; .qloser they, ; were afraid :to make . themselves known, not knowing what kind of , characters ? ?were near. The boy at the whim seeing, as he imagined, two shadows flitting about on . tho ? range, ? oalled the attention of the man at the - brace,'who told' tho boy to go and see .who they ; ?were. The latter, probably thinking of ghosts, ; Indians, .or bushrangers, deolined. ' The brace- ' rman then went, and after hearing their pitiful1 tale, immediately put them on the' right 'road r 'for'hpme, which they reached without further ( wi'shap. Had they wandered about' the Mount ' th# whole night, /I'might have had a far worse ! Story to'Telate.' ! PSOPOSED MhITIA : FoBCJE JOB VlCTOfilA.— ]? A meeting of field ;;pfficerB of the Volunteer Force was held on Friday evening (reports the Argus), at the Port Phillip Club Hotol, for the purpose of taking into consideration the sub ejects now under the notice of the Volunteer ..Commission. Lieutenant-Colonel Mair (com manding the home district) occupied the . chair, , -and there were about twenty officers present, including Major W. C. Smith .(Ballarat), Lieu tenant-Colonel Bull, and Major Grant (Castle maine). After a long conversational discussion it was decided that a militia force, on the basis ^proposed by Colonel Anderson, was moBt de sirable. ^ There was only one dissentient to this, who pointed out that .suoh a scheme would never be carried by the Legislature, and it : would, therefore, be desirable to submit an' alternative scheme to the Government. He considered that if the present 'Discipline Aot waB put in force— with some Blight modifica : ^'on? of tlie penal clauses— -it would meet all j thy 'requirements of the colony.' AYubcom ?.mittee.: was, appointed to frame a plan of the i: proposed militia, and report to a future meet i'.ing. A similar meeting of commanding officers ; of corps was held in the early part of tho week. ; v at. whioh a similar resolution was adopted. ,»~ ; Sbbious Loss of Stock. — The steamship /?.City of Hobart, under charter to 'convey cattle . :'an(J sheep from ,Sydney to Hobart Town; left [.the firBt-named port on Saturday, the 19th ? inBtant, ? having on board one hundred bullocks ? ,j and two hundred sheep. Of this number,, ; owing t6'v6ry severe weather experienced on ; the passagb, only about forty bullocks and one hundred and forty sheep arrived. These were ! Bafely landed. Then arose -tlie-quontion as to what was to be done with .the carcases .of-the ; aniriials on board P , The appliances at; the : abattoirs being quite iriadequate, boiling down ' .was not to be thought .ofi- i-:,The health of the I permit of their being : . Marine Board would not allow : the 'baroues to be tlyown; into /the; harbour. ] The dlffion lty was solvoci by tho Inspeotor .-.-of : Stock, who called together the Slaughter House Committee, and the- result of their deliberations was that the oaroases should bo taken to below the Iron Pot lighthouse, and there thrown overboard. Tho hides and fat will, of course, ' be.prooured from the oaroases before they are thrown overboard. — S.T.Mercury. AiiIiBgbged Illegaii Detention as Chil DBBN. — A rather extraordinary case (roportB : the Melbourne Daily lelegraph) was brought under the notice of . the Supreme Court in Banob on. Tuesday by. Mr. B. Walsh, noting on r behalf of Mr. William F. Watson, manager of the lookback Station. Mr. Walsh applied for a writ of habeas co-pus to compel Mr. Talford Gedye and Mrs. Mary Godye, of Sandridge, to produce two children who had been loft with the lattor for board and education by Mr. Wat- : son.i ^Mr. ;Wiitson'B affidavit Btated that on the lOth'Januaryllast he entored into an arrange ment with Talford H. Gedye, the husband of Mlary Gedye, of Sandridije, for the board and ^education of two of his ohildren, named respec tively Mary Elizabeth Frances WatBon and Louisa Watson, for the sum of £15 a quartor. No- period was stated, and the ohildren were f4pft.. with Mrs. Gedye, who' was paid £20 in advance. Subsequently another £20 was paid, which was sufficient to covor Mr.' Gedye's olaim .iip to the end of the presont month. On ?the 16th instant, Mr. Wutson oalled at Mrs. . Gedye's, house, and said that be wieliod hiB ,6Kpr^n;to,go hpme for. a fow days' holidays, ? jna.;it, was:,arranged that he should call for 'them on the 19th! Oh the 18th, Mr. WatBon being in town', called again nt Mrs. Gfldye'e, intonding to tell tho children to bo ready to start next morning. On . this ocoaBion Mr. , Godye opened the door, nnd refused to lot Mr. Watson see his children, and pushed him away.; Kext day Mr.1 Watson went, accompanied by his solicitor, and demanded hiB children, when Mr. de&jo; again rofused to let him see thom, or to allow him admission to the house. Tho front, gato leading to tho houso was padlooked, the window-Bhutters olosod, and tho front door looked, and Mr. Gedye told Mr. Watson and his solicitor to get the children out tho best way they could. Mr. Walsh stated, in reply to the Court, that Mrs. Godye's reason for detaining the children, was that she. alleged that an agreement hud boen made that they Bhould be left in her custo 'y for a year. The writ was granted, and made returnable ? on Thursday next. 