'?//???''? ' ??:i';i*;::*coiiONiA.ii.--'; -: .* : ??'?J.'-' , Land LEaistATioN.-— It 'is bettinningto jbo iridlnittod orti.ftl^sidos ithat a radioiil Tef6rm of the' fJand.-system ofrthe oolony'daiinot be much;longer .dojayed.i' lNo-legislat'onydt is clear, will effectu ; allyipreVoiit.tho: Grown ilnncls .pussing .;nto the Aands'of ; wealthy^land -monopolists, but a Bystem which gives to tho occupier all the advantages of 1 a ? freeholder, i without 'absolutely alienating i to/ ? him tho land from itho Stato. -As a nrnliminiirv ' !step,to-thisond,'a.schdnio of land -taxation that will oheck,-' ill' some measure, ' the accumulation of territory in a few hands-will have to be con : sidorod by -Parliament, j and whethor tfip present Goyornniont may see their way' cloarly to such a policy, or not, it in certain that any Ministry suc ceeding them -will' have .to- adopt it- 'Recent: corroRpondonce published by 'tho Lhnd League atBallnrat, shows that-some of our loading'public men are fully sensible of the perilous position in which we stand in regard to the rnpid aliena tion of tho lands. of tlio colony. It is stated that Mr., Francis, jtist boforo he left for Kufope, de clared that ho was with that section of lnnd re formers whoso chiof exponent iR Mr. Grosham ; and some correspondence. with- Mr. Higinbothani djsclosos that ho also is propared to siipport, the views of the league. What policy ihe presont, Government intend to adopt in regard to'. 'tho' lands in the bill to bo introduced inoxt sossion, is known only to the Cabinet,; but .it is certain that a draft bill; prepared by an officer of the Lands department, in which perpetual leasing is the leading principle, has been , for, some months before Mr. Ousey for his consideration. ' Loader.' , : , . ; ;* ... ; ...',. , ;, Earthquake.-— Thoro .'.havo'. boon' shocks of. earthquakes felt at Christchurcb and in two or three of the Southern 'Provinces ; but like the decline in the yield of our gold-Holds,, there has beon a considerable fnlling-offin the ''number and quality of oarthquakos of late j'ears in this colony. They are nothing like they used to be in the good old times of my earlier days. Then an' earthquake was something to bo thought of and talked about. Where yon over under tho influ enco of an earthquake 1 Not a single one, you know, ' where there is only , tho sensation of a slight tremor of the earth under your feet, fol lowed nt intervals of a few minutes by other tremors, onch succeeding one lighter and less pronounced than tliat. which preceded it. 1 don't consider that sort of earthquake as worthy of more than a paragraph in tho local columns of a newspaper. But where you ever aroused from your bed in tlie dead hour of the night, to experi ence what I shall here attempt to describe: — Thero comos upon the ear a confused rumbling from a distance. Then yon hear thesound as of a hundred drays, with horses attached, in full gallop, coming along a metalled road. ,On they corneat full tear, the spepd increasing,' and the sounds moro and more distinct until the whole hundrod drays, with their affrighted galloping horses, suddenly bring up with a crash before your house. Every joist and suppo.'t crenks and groans. The building oscillates violently. Things fall from tho shelves and walls of every room. Yon have jumped from your bod, your wife clinging to you, pale— as seen by the night lamp — as a ghost. In a few seconds your door is burst open, -and screaming servants and children rush in in their bod dresses, screaming in fright of an unknown horror. You succeed in quiet ing the children and restoring confidence in the women, aiid you sit around on the bed. and on chairs; for you feel there is more'alarm if not danger, in store for all. In half-an-hour there is another shock, hut less violent than the first. In an hour tho third comos, but with decreased force. Thon throughout the night thera are many slight vibrations, and tlio earthquake is at rost. That Mr. 'Brisbane Courier,' is a real genuine oarthquake, if you please. I have folt the like, and I have folt how small, how insigni ficant, how utterly beyond help, wo are under such a visitation. — 'Brisbane Courier's,' New Zoaland letter. Our Wylie Creek correspondent says : — ' The late rains filled the dams on Herding Yard, but the quantity of dirt now raised and washing will absorb it all. Work has not been resumed in the faces, nor will it be till more rain falls, which is at present likely. The Northern Boun- dary claim, at the head of Herding Yard Creek, has only sufficient water to last for a couple of days, while the Blackwall tributors have barely enough to supply domestic purposes. At Wylie, things are better, from the Downfalls to the lower end — sufficient water to keep all parties going. Some time since, a couple of parties commenced work on a certain selection about six miles down the creek, on the miner's license principle. As the ground was not gazetted for- feited, the whole thing was wrong, and on appli- cation to the Registrar in Tenterfield to register the different lots, he told them they were liable to both civil and criminal prosecutions, and would not register. This took no effect ; they worked away, and have been to the present making fair wages. Encouraged by this, others are on the move to rush more ground, both on this and Herding Yard Creek. The length of time men have been idle, with good ground at their doors lying dormant, and, to all intents and purposes, without an owner, is more than many of them can stand. Accordingly, they will work it. Tho petition for gazetting lands for- feited was forwarded to the proper-authorities, but, to the present, no reply has been received.'' — ' Border Post.' Not Australian Meat.— An American paper is accountable fur a report to tho effect that 20 bnrrols- entered ns : Australian Meat wero seized nt Portsmouth, England, and each barrel con tained tho'enrpso of a full-grown negro, forwarded from tho United Stato, fur purposes of dissection. Rainino froos. — During a recent thundorstorm in. Melbourne it. rained livo frogs. So say the Molbourne papers. i ? 1 New Enot,axd Tin Mines.— -The amount of tin oro rnisod hi the district of Vegetable Creek during the year endiii* Dbcehibor 21 , 1874, \vas 2,400 tons : of which Messrs. Mooro and Spoare 457 tons at Vegetable Creole, mid 70 tons from tluirgrmnd at Tonthill ; Mossrs. Hall Bros., have raised 375 tons at Vegetable Creek ; Mossrs. Marks and Co., 130 tons ; and the Great Britain Co. , 120 tons. Tho Vogotablo Crook Tin Mining Co. havo averaged, during the past six months, 2 tons 4 cwt. por day. The highest number of men omployed at ono time in this district has been 780, and 453 tho lowest. The enrringo from horo to Graf ton has avergod £8 10s. per ton, and vine versa I'9 to £11. Over 1,000 tons of roof stuff has boen raised during tho past year, of which 11 tons havo beon crnshod and smelted. Tho alluvial stripping hns averagod four feet six inches, and the yiold of oro li lbs. to the dish. Surfacing has boon confinod to about 1,000 acros, covering, from north to south, fivo miles, yield ing about 3i ozs. to tho dish,1 witli throe foot of wash. Tho' price of tin ore hns :idvanood £(5 por ton sinco last yoar.— ' Border Post.' , Fiiee Selectino.— A , friond of mino in the stock and station lino met with a strange cub tomoi1 tho other day in the shape of an old servant of his own. ' What do you wnnt ?'( 'Why to buy a station, shuro.' 'And. how. did yon get tho money to buy a station?' 'By froe selecting. Mo and tho wife and tho children, hns got 4000 acres botwoon us, '. and I!m ofl'orod £4 an ncro nil round by Mr Longpurse. With that nnd mo crops I'll have about £17/'OO ready monoy.' '.'Oh, that's quite enough ; I'll look out for a station for you. Whereabouts do you wnnt it 1' (!Oh,.ii'H all one -to. nip,, only I'd liko.it to be as far' n way from any froe selectors as possible — it's the likes of me as knows thorn.'— Atticut Tub ??' Mackay Morcury1 of tho 6th ultimo saya in a sub-loader :—' Tho sugar crop for the paBt Hoason may bo looked upon as yery satisfactory on tho wholo, although the total amount 'pro- duced baa, owing to various unforeseen causoa, fallen sotnowhat short -of the estimate. .Thoro is a very marked increase over the previous yoar; both in the quantity produced and in .tho quality of tho sugar that has beoti tiirned put. Tho total returns friini this dinlrict from' all ' BourcoB'will amount to noir.a'hing over fivo thou sand tons of sugar, being about liftccn hundrod tons in oxctvss of thati which was ..manufactured last yoar. Had it not been for the fortnight's wot weather in Docembor this quantity would have probably boon increased by- nix qr seven, hundred tons. '.: Tho highest yields were from, canos of the' Black Java kind, from which as mnoli.as* three toim'.a*iid a :hulf of sugar to tho aero has boon obtained. .This carie'-is ooming into great favour, being very-hardy, .?'nnd'ttho density (if the juice always standing higher than the Bourbon, ' which- has ?: hithorto ' boen'-4ho variety principally cultivated. The. -. general avorago return of the wl'ole district, will fall very litjlo short of two tons to the acre, aromarkably high average, when the largo area from which it is obtained is tnkon into consideration, and which surpassod that of. any other of the sugar-growing districts of the colony. . The jgreat full in 'tho price of all sugar ban beon very seriously folfeby producers, and must reduce the profit .of BUgar growing to aminimunii' -Tho highost price that has beon obtainod in Melbourne for the -beat vacuum-pan sugars has .not exceeded £33 per ton, and the average price is only about £28 per ton. Thero is, however, some prospect of a rise shortly taking plnco.': ? -.- The Flood. — Tho rivor,%ln«t night, attained a greater height than at-any'provious timo during the flood, ' going right up to tho wharfinger's cottage at tho A. S.N. Company's wharf. Stan ley and othor stroets in South Brisbane wero submerged in several places, the water rising closo to Nolan's Hotel, and making communica tion a very round about matter. Somo resi dents in Hope-street httvo, wo hear, been com pelled to abandon their houses. The stato of affairs on tho North side behind the gnol is most unpleasant. Nearly half of tho Church of En gland Cemetery is submorged, and some of tlio residents in tho vicinity have been flooded out. ?At several of the wharves it was found noeossary to set to work yesterday with men and dray Band shift goods beyond tho point whore they had been secured whon the flood was thought to havo beon at its highest. — ' Brisbane Courier' of March 1. United States Post Office.— Mr. Barber, third Assistant Postmaster-General, has com pleted his annual report for the year ending Juno 301,874. It showslthat during tlio year thero wero issued to Postmasters, for sale to the public, 632,733,000 adhesive postage stamps of the valuo of 17,275,242 dollars ; of plain stamped envelopes, about 65.000,000 valued at 1,927,952 dollars ; of stamped envelopes bearing a returned request, 52,000,000, valued at 1,733,738 dollars ; of newspapers wrappers, somo 19,000,000, valued at 220,000 dollars ; and of postal cards, 91,000,000. Tho increase in value of tho ordinary issue over tho' precodin'g year was 1,688,448 dollars; or over 8 per cent. Theso figures represent the cost of nntnufacture added to the postal value. — ' Sydney Herald.' ??? Mining Leases. — Thohon. Minister'for Mines; has given tho only decision upon1 tho' appeal to him' in the case- of the Queen Mining Company and Tributors that was, possible undor tlie cir cumstances,, although it is'to be hoped that tho prominence this matter has obtained will indiico Mr. Mackay next session to review the wholo system of Mining leases, with a view to unlock largo areas of auriferous ground, thai aro prac tically locked up to thn working minor. In tho case referred to the only possiblo ground upon which the Mining department could have can colled the louses wns that the company had failed to deposit with the Mining Registrar, within tho prescribed legal period, copies of thoir contracts with the tributors. Mr. Mackay dceriis that this omission is not snfliciontly grave' to justify forfoiture. The Minister, of courso, is compelled to admit that tho tribute system is a -portion-, of mining law. Ho declares, however, that whero land is tributed without tho lessees having ex pended anything in machinoryor labor, be will havo to consider - if - the lease should- not be for feited and given to those who are willing to work -the ' ground. This declaration will only havo woight if followed up by a. rigorous investi gation of all mining lenses and tho method of working,', and it may bo hoped that Mr. Mackay intomls this announcement as an intimation that a crusade is' about to commenco against shep herding and' all other ills mining' industry 'is heir to.—' Leader.' ; ?- ;- ........ Daring Feat. — A marvellous and almost in credible feat has been performed' by a convict named Stein, who some months ago escaped, from Freeniiintlo, and succeeded in following tho coast lino to South Australia on foot.. .Ho is said to havo received much help from thb'hativos but ho must havo endured oxtremo hardships. This daring adventure may probably stimulate othbrs of his class to attempt tho samo route. Tho couragoons traveller was mot by a deputa tion in Adolaido, but their errand was not'to welcome, but to arrest him. ? ?? . Tho 'Armidnio Chroniclo' states that i valu ablo draught ontiro, the property of Mr. H. Pna'rson, of Ural la, has died suddenly from the bite, it is believed, of a black spider. Wo havo heard of casualties to human boings, and two cases havo come under our own knowledge in Dalby ; in both of these, however, tho' patients ' recoverod.' In thoso instances tlie spider was a small black insect with a red spot on the bnck.; Onr Toowoomba correspondent says :— Tho- Toowoomba Volunteer Riflo Company inay_ bo fairly considered tin /nit accompli. At one timo it was thought that, from apathy or other causes tho idea of forming BUch a corps would die' a natural death. I am happy.^howover, to stato snch is not tho case. Their services have been accepted and notified in the ' Government Gazette,' and on Tuesday ' evening a meeting of tho corps was held in St. Luke's School-room, when Captain Sydnoy Smith was oloctod captain of the corps, find Dr. Howlin, surgeon ; Mr. J. 'M..Flyhn,- treasurer ; and Mr. M'Intosh', secre tary. MessrB. Thompson, Howlin, Brown, Ron wick, Hume, Murphy, Cummins, Clancey, and Siibino form tho committee. I understand it .is in contemplation to provide a drum and fife band for the corps,, similar to those of the infantry regiments in tho mother country. The necessary instruments will in all probability bo shortly ordered from Sydnoy. Tho enptain of the corps, I understand, vns prosont with his. regiment throughout the Crimean war, and has conse quontly seen active sorvioo, and is 'an fait as a drill-instructor. It is to bo hoped that on tho Governor's next visit to Toowoomba tlioy may | be in a position to act as a gunrd of honor ,to him. Tho late nrrival of immigrants at tho dop6t have been pretty speedily .ab'snrl od, only eight single men of thorn remaining in tho dop6t last night. ; — 'Courier,' . ', ? Re Fuank Gardiner, alias f!n»T«Ttn.i Dotootivo Hogan has reported, for the niforma tinn of tlio Inspector Gonernl of Police,' that an old Sydney resident, a passenger from San Fran cisco per steamship Mikado, informed him (do tectivo) that Gardiner arrivod at; Snn Francisco from Hongkong by tho steamship Great Ropub lio ; thnt ho is keeping a tlrst-olnss publio-house, which, .a- number of persons called a 'Ring,' hav.o fitted up in first rate stile for him. Detec tive's informant states that it is a great draw. Fo viRit.od .tho. house daily, when it always appoan d full. Gardlnor }s.luv)wn thero as tbo New Soi th Wulos buslirangor. — ' S. M, Hiisvld.' 