THE "REGISTER" AGAIN. The truth of the familiar adage : " A drowning man will catch at a straw," was never more strikingly exemplified than in the Register's columns on Mon- day morning. An article in the Regis trar-General's return of Births, Deaths, and Marriages winds up with the fol lowing unique specimen of Grenfell- street logic : — As usual, the educational statistics which Mr. Clcland supplies are important. In 1874, 108 of the men and 120 of the women who were married were unable to write their names. The majority of these were young people, of whom presumably the larger proportion were born in the colony. This may fairly be taken as one more illustration of the necessity for a com pulsory system of education in South Australia. Surely our contemporary must be very hard up for an argument in favor of his pet educational scheme when he has to fall back upon the Registrar- General's Marriage Returns. In the first place they by no means disclose such an appalling amount of ignorance as the Register would have us believe. During the year 1874, 108 men and 120 women (or 228 persons) who were married were unable to write their names. If we compare this number with the total number of marriages solemnized during the year the figures will not appear so very dreadful after all. Two hundred and twenty-eight is not so large a proportion of 3,222 that it need be set up as a bogie to frighten us into the adoption of a system which is only adapted to those countries in which despotic institutions prevail. What amuses us most, however, is the writer's presumption that because the majority of those who could not sign their names were young people the greater proportion were born in the colony, and putting it forward as an illustration of the necessity for a com pulsory system of education in South Australia. The writer does well to use the word " presumabty," for his conclusion is nothing more than a piece of presumption, and one for which there is not even the ghost of a warrant. The probabilities of the case, indeed, lie altogether in the opposite direction. Among the immigrants to South Australia there is always a very large proportion of young people — in fact, very few middle-aged or old people come here without bring ing their young with them. Apart from this, however, we think the chances are ten to one in favor of the presumption that the greater proportion ; of those who were unable to write their names were not born in the colony. We have not yet reached a very high standard of scholarship in this colony, but we believe that among the men and women who have been born here there are very few indeed who have not at least learned to write their names. Our belief is not like the Register's , a mere presumption, for it is based upon facts ; which have come within our own experience. Colonial youths are pro verbial for their precocity, and, as a rule, they are sufficiently alive to the advantages of being able to write, to induce them to acquire the art by some means or other. We have so far proceeded upon the assumption of the correctness of our contemporary's statement respecting the majority of those who were unable to write their names being young people, with the view of showing that if it were so he was not justified in presuming that they were born in the colony, and in using it as an illustration of the necessity for a compulsory system of education in this I colony, but the ground is cut away ! from beneath his feet altogether by the i proof which Mr. Cleland's tabulated | statement affords, that his statement ' is not correct. Between the ages of fifteen and twenty there were ten males and thirty-four females who signed by mark j between twenty-five and thirty there were nineteen males and : and twenty-five females, making the total of those under thirty, eighty- eight. The sum total of those who could not sign their names, as before - mentioned, was 228, showing a very large majority of thirty years and over. It is not true, therefore, that the ma jority were young people. The pre- ; mises, therefore, being shown to be ; false, what can we say for the conclu sion but that it is false also. 