CORONER'S INQUEST. SUICIDE BY HANGING. On Sunaay evening, June 27, Mr. W. C. Bulk, J.P., held an inquest at the Gold Diggers' Arms, Norwood, on the body of a man named George Ranzo, who committed suicide that day by hanerinjr himself. A Jury of twelve having been empanelled, Mr. George Day was chosen foreman. Elizabeth Rez3, wife of the deceased, stated that she had noticed him very strange in his mind for the hut fortnight, but more so on Tharsday last, when he said that it would be a wonder if the detectives did not pick him up on Saturday morning. Very early on Satur day morning he got out of bed and said that some people were iu tne nouse. Alter going about theroomshereturnedandsaidthatheoould not find any one. On going into town the same day he said he would bid her good-bye, for the detectives would have him before he returned. Witness said, 'You shan't bid me good-bye, for I'll go with you.' Thought his behavior very strange, so went with him. He took an axe handle, with which he said he wanted to defend himself. Did not think that his strange manner was attributable to drink. He appeared the same during the whole of Sunday morning, and took, his dinner as usual. Missed him about 4 o'clock, and on going to look for him, about 10 minutes afterwards, found him hang ing in the water-closet. Called Mr. Disney, who came immediately. Deceased had been drinking lately, but did not appear the worse for it. ' Could not assign any cause for the act. It was not through difficulty in money matters. By the Foreman — He said to me yesterday that he thought he was deranged in his mind. Win. Disney, of Norwood, farrier, stated that shortly after 4 o'clock that afternoon he heard the last witness toreaming. She then called out that her husband had hung himself. Witnes ran into his own. house, got a knife, and went to ?rhere deceased was hanging. Did not notice the exact position, of the body, because he cut the rope instantly. Thought that he was partly kneeling. - Loosened the noose round deceased's neck, and asthebody was warm ran for Dr. Scott, who came within about 10 minutes of the time he was cut down. The doctor, however, said that he was dead. Had noticed that the de ceased acted very strang.ly lately. Deceased was not a drinking man, but if he drank any thing he always fancied that a plot was laid against him, and that some one was after him. He would also talk about ghosts. Deceased acted very strangely on Saturday, and came to witnesses' shop, saying that as a plot was laid against him he had better take his money out of the Bask. Henry Scott, medical practitioner, stated that the .deceased came to his surgery about 10 o'clock the previous morning, and complained of feeling unwell. When he oame did not give him any medicine, but told him to call again in the afternoon. He fancied in the morning that something had been put into his food. He appeared composed in his manner, and did not act like a man suffering from delirium tremens. He also said that there was a plot agaiust him. Made enquiry, and had no reason to suppose that anything he had stated had taken place. There was nothing in his manner that would lead one to suppoae that lie would commit suicide. Shortly after midday again met the deceased, when he said that he was going into Adelaide to see the police. Never saw him again until that afternoon when calied by the last witness. Deceased was then quite dead, and lying on the floor of the water-closet. Charles Disney, of Norwood, blacksmith, stated that on the previous morning, about half-past 2 o'clock, he was awakened by the deceased, who said ihat he was in a bit of a ' flamaaery,' Daceased thea walked about for a short time and went home. He was pitched out oi a trap on Monday, but did not appear to hive been injured by the fall. Saw him on Saturday when he acted very strangely. By a Juror — He was pitched out of the trap by it colliding with a post. William Oate, Corporal of Mounted Police, stated that the deceased called at the Mounted Police Barracks about 1 o'clock that day, and Bald that his wife had been trying to poison him by putting something in his cocoa on Fri day night. He stated that shortly after he had taken it he felt a great thirst, and felt worse after taking a drink of water. After going to bed he felt a cramp in his legs and a dizziness in his head, which he believed had been caused by some poison. He was under the impression that his wife wanted to get rid ef him. Be also mentioned that he believed there were a number of persons in the house during the night who had a plot against him. Witness fancied from the conversation that he had with him that ha had had a family quarrel, and advised him to lay the matter before a Magistrate. He ap peared satisfied, and said, 'I will, if they molest me again.1! He did not appear to have been drinking, and was to all appearance rational. . Inspector Daniel Bay deposed that a boy called at his house about a quarter-past 4 o'clock with the information that deceased had hung himself . Went and found tho body lying on the floor of the watercloset. On searching the body, found a knife, a purse, and some money in silver. Elizabeth Kanzo, recalled at the request of a Juror, deposed that on Saturday night the de ceased accused her of putting poison in his cocoa the previous night. Witness replied — ' Did you not see ma drink the same as you out of the same jug ?' He replied — ' Well, I must have been dreaming.' He never complained of pains. Was on good terms with her husband generally ; but he was j salons. He had no oooasion for the jealousy. No one that dec ased was jealous of had visited her house that day (Sunaay) or any time during that week. Went out of the house about 12 o'clock on Saturday night, in consequence of deceased's wild manner. Was out in the open air all night. On going home in the morning, deceased did not ask her where she had been. William Disney, re-examined, stated that he had known deceased to have fits of jealousy for some time, but that was only after he had been drinking. He never talked like that when sober. Was a neighbor of the deceased, and did not believe that he had any cause for jealousy. He aoted like a lunatio when drunk. Witness knew that his wife had frequently to leave him when he was drinking. Deceased was' under the impression that the detectives were after him because of some sly grog-selliog in one of the other colonies. The Coroner having summed up carefully, the Jury, after a short retirement, returned the following verdict :—' That the deceased, George Ranz), committed suicide by hanging himself while in a state of unsound mind.' 