THE ' SKIHFIN UINISTRY. A POLITIOAlj STORY. Donald Oamehon — Atrraon or "La '.fr! " Fills dd Diablk, 4ce., &c.; fj:''; " CHAPTER XI.— ir Continue! I) detective scamdnk. 4- " Detective Scamunk always did respect a . lich man. For him the man who could sport a gold Albert, a massivo watch, a good f' 'Bait of clotliCB, whose bands were white, v whose bank balance wns righr., was an object V of admiration, of love and regard, who could \- not possibly be guilty of a crime; but bo ! looked upon tho persons lncking in these attributes as capable of deeds of unparal leled darkness. Ho took his seat, therefore, with all due respect, and ordered a glass of porter. " Troublous times, sir," said the gentleman, with a strange smile. ' "They are, indeed," replied Detective Scamunk, " very troublous. Mr Skimfiin has, after years of power, boen defeated. Well, he lins bad bis day, nnd a tyrant be was in his time." " The new man is to be Hugh Cumming, I hear," said the gentleman. " Certain," replied the detective, " certain. ' And he is a good man, they say. I don't know or caro much, about politics myself, but SS -'I believe he is liked by the people. He is their friend." Had Detective Scamnnk's nose been out of his pewter, nnd his head turned round to tho stranger, ho might have seen an ex ceedingly unpleasant frown pass over his efface. " Dreadfnl murder that which was com- ' mitted in Murderers Lane," said the_ stranger after a pause. " I hope tho detectives will seize the wretches. I nevor heard of so hor rible a deed." o " Shocking 'm," replied Detective cca- mnnk ; ' it's tho worst I havo had to do with sinco I joined the detoctivo forec.- " Ah I you nro a detective then,' said rho gentleman. " Well I hope you will vindi- oato the laws of tho country, and bring these wretches to justice." " They ennnot escape," was tho reply. " Wo know tliem." " Indeed I What sort of creatures aro they 7" " The woman is very old and horribly ugly ; tlie man n broken-down, dissipated loafer. They can have no money, and so could not chaiigo tlicir appearance, so no doubt they are in hiding somewhere, nnd will soon be caught. The fox when hungry will prowl round farmyards in the daytime." , "Very likely" was the reply. "Well. Bir, I hope yau will get them. The gallows awaits such wretches." In this Mr Detective thoroughly agreed. The gallows awaited them ; the £600 reward was waiting for him. He must be active. Therefore he at once sought the house of an accomodating young indy of his acquaint ance, who was familiar with the gossip of tho purlieus nnd from whom lie felt sure ho would obtain some information. CHAPTER XII. 'A FASHIONABLE PARTY. There wns a large and fnshionable attend ance ntjtbe party given by the Honorable Augnsfus Alfred de Lolmo Montngue Mont St Gervais nt his residence at Tooralc, the night after the .great division, The Hon. &c;„ Ac., (so his facetious friends colled him, wns. a great man at party giving. It wns nil that he could do. He wns member of tho Upper House, owner of a large number of stations, proprietor of innumerable shares in banking and other companies, nnd also owner of n Drundreary crop of whiskers, .an affected stammer; and. a '.'fashionable" wife. Party giving -was tho passion of.thoir lives. Fashionable society may bo said to bo merely in its inceptivo stage in Mushroom City, but tho Hon. &c.;, &c.;, jnstly looked upon himself as the iu- coptor. Being himself a high Church of England man, and related' to a ; great English family, . tho forefathers of which enmo over with " William, tho Conqueror," and obtained a share of tho spoil, because ono of its Indy members yielded to tho wiBhes .of a relative of thnt imperious Norman, therefore he felt himBelf tO.be the crcmc de la crcme. But tho Hon., Sec., &o.;, was not above inviting all kinds of persons, if they had wealth or position, and there fore it was that ho had invited to this party Mr Hugh Cumming, and that most earnestly. It may just as well bo understood that ho looked forward to being np-. pointed to represent tho Cumming Government in tho Upper House. But'per- haps after all Hngh should not consider himself greatly honored innsmnch as Mr and Mrs O'Pug nnd' their promising son wore amongst tho guests. The Hon. &o.; &q.;, prided himself on not giving stiff parties. On the present occnsion thc|procecdings began wi th a very substantial dinner, after which tliare was somo music in tho gardens, which were lit up by the glorious moon that Bhinc9 so refplendnntly in Aurifern. Kate Cumming had nevor before been lit a fashionable ball ; indeed, she had never beon at any festivities of any mo ment. When a girl alio had had a brief period of' wild dissipation, when little dances used to bo got up by tho young peo ple on Swarry Creek, but with them her gaiety ceased, nnd her life had been devoted to toil. It wns, therefore, with considerable trepidation nnd shrinking thnt sho attended, sustninod, however, by the presence of her brother, whose coolness and prescnco of mind in tho midst of such grand people completely astonished her. There wtik abso lutely no spirit in Kate when die beheld the gorgeously arrayed ladies who sat down to dinner. . Her dreams of grandeur appeared to bo more than realised. Tho glittering chande liers, tho floods of subdued fight, the flash ing gems, the splendid dresses, tho beautiful faces nnd glowing forms ; were theso not realisations of the Arabian Nights of her youthful dreams? And sho, poor humble Kate, who had worked and starved in her youth,' was permitted to sit down nuiongst these good people, theso mighty men and wo men I She owed it nil to her brilliant brother, aud as she looked across the table and saw him sitting next to the magnificently attired Lydin Manton, in whoso hair gloamed price less diamonds, Kate gave herself up to a transport. " The idea of snohTsoup," Baid Mrs O'Pug, who sat next to Kate ; " why, bless me, it's full of them macaroni things, .which I never could 'abear." Knte collapsed. This vulgar remark, this vulgnr language, dissolved her dream, as quickly as tho overthrow of the basket disenchanted Alncschar. Thcsepcoplo were only common clny after nil. Knte regretted this, Sho .would havo liked to have dreamed on, ahd imagined that everyone there wns great, .good, and intellectual, above tho mere, petty, details of the constitnouts of the soup. Hugh Cumming sat on tho loft hand of the host, while Mr Skirafin , was on the right, for ns yet he was chief. By. the side of Hugh wns Lydin, bright nnd'boautifnl ns an angel, only she partook of tho, first course with a good appetite, which told that she whs considerably mortal. (She looked splendid indeed, triumph being imprinted on her brow. But how was it that occasionally a slight flush would rise to her checks, only ' perceptible to thoso who closoly observed her? BeenuBO, occasionally her eyes would stray to the sido of tho Hon. Mr Skimfln's eldest daughter, where sat in all the radiance of his magnificent yonth and beauty, Frank Lester, the cynosnro of overy eye, but who bestowed no attention on any ono except Miss Lydin Manton. The young man's heart was burning within him, the volcano ot lovo was seething and bub bling, and effervescing. Ho wns mad at seeing bis Lydia seated by tho side of Hugh Cuming as his nffianccd bride. Ho would havo given Heaven itsclt to be in his position. How little did Miss Margaret Amelia Anna- hclla Skimfin think of this, when sheglnnced around tho tnhio proudly, nsmucli'as to say, "I havo for beau tho richest, the youngest, nnd handsomest lover in Aurifern. "Sho would have been taken down several wooden pegs in her own ostimntion if sho could have rend Frank's henrt. Mrs Bkimfln wns equally sa tisfied. She partook of tho delicacies pro vided lnrgoly, nnd heaved a sigh of relief as Bhc finished a toothsome morsel nnd glanced ot tho youthful pnir who sat beside her. Her daughter would bo married to tho most desirable match in tho colony. Who in that gay nssombly thought of tho poor governesB who had died for the love of this boy, or her .wretched mother who was now raving in tho Lunatio Asylum, Oh 1 no, the ghosts nnd the dead, nnd tbo unhappy stalked not through these illuminated Halls. Floasuro and boanty reign snprame; And drossosrustlo. diamonds gloam; While eyes and wino aro sparkling bright Refieoting back the chastened light. It wns after dinner, however, that the real business of the night began. Tho com pany strolled out into tho garden, nnd walked to and fro in tho spacious grounds, or atrqlled into the conservatory to sco tho night-blowing cerens, then in bloom, and the many other rare and precions plnnts, with wax-like blossoms and leaves. Hugh had seen that Knte was provided for, having arranged with two elderly gentlemen nnd lady friends of his that she should nevor bo left nlona. Kind, good people they were, who at onco took an interest in Hugh's amiable sister, and were so plcnsant, that Kate soon felt at ease in thiiir niidst. Be', sides, she was an object of attention to every one, as sho was Hugh's sister, and many sought her acquaintance, who .otherwisfc would havo turned 'away from her with con tempt. ! Hugh nnd Lydia wandered awny into.' a secluded park whero tho moonbeams in vain attempted to penetrate a thick cypres grovo. Here they sat down on n gnrden sent and for a while fully enjoyed tho rapture of love. Away from Frank's fascination, Lydia's afteetion for Hugh was all powerful, She revelled in the present, and in drcamB of tho futnre. While they were enjoying a few moments together before tho dancing began, Miss Skimfin and Frank were walking on tho lnwri in tho moonlight. Frank's thoughts were far, very far away, indeed, but he thought it would bo just ns well to keep his companion in conversation. " What do you think of pa boing defeated after all ?" asked tho young Indy, " I never dreamed Hngh Gumming would succeed," replied Frank, " Oh, ho will not be successful very long," Baid Miss Skimfin, scornfully. " Yoa know he's only an adventurer. I heard pa say that there is a dark blot on bis pnst life, and that when it is known ho will botburst out of society nnd tho legislature." Frank started, Horo was a possible means of salvation. Not having been educated in lin bonorablo school, ho gave way nt once to . the feelings of his heart, and resolved to scizo this at once, If there was a blot on this man's' past life why should ho not seize upon it. "How is it this has not been made known ? " asked Frnnk. " Oh, pa is not ready yet," replied Miss Skimfin. "In good time, no doubt. Pa knows how to do theso things." , " Yon promise then, Lydin, to become my wife tho day after I meet Parliament as Prime Minister of Anrifora?" Batrl r, . f pressing Lydia's hand. lugh ||\ " I do," sho T'cplied firmly. Ho took hor to his heart, and kissed h : $ a delirious whirl of love. 83011 her in | . They rose now, and rejoined the nti,.- I guests who wore on tho lawn, listening V tho band. As soon as thoy came un fi took Hugh aside for a moment. PTt „to | evident that she was greatly excited 88 f'- "Well, Kate, what is it ?" asked H„i I You seem agitated. "Kb, & " I am, Hugh," said sho ; " I hnVn ( revelation, though I am almost afraid I trust my eyes. As we were walling Is? the ratlings, n gentlemnn pnssed bv w i stopped to look in. and I thought i L8' I. msed htm. It might bo fancy. HUffi, 7:' £ farcy, but I thought it was Hnfrv I know." " Jt> Js Hugh's faco was far paler than Kate's t now. The intelligence seemed to stun hini S But ho recovered quickly. ' ft " You must hnvo been dreaming Fni. t; He died years ago. l0, Hq turned round to see if Lvdin £' there. She was not. Ho looked round I ) hor hurriedly, but it wns evident that Z J" had gono away. He felt uneasy. He Cs I- ' good grounds for his uneasiness. a The moment Hugh had been taken out nf ! V the crowd by Kate, Frank hurried to LT(Jin.„ I side. Before sho eould remonstrate, hc Wi :- taken hor hand and diow her out of P crowd. 00 t "Come, Lydin, como with me," ants I Frank, bending his face down to her » I wan't to say n few words to you." ' i JNo, no, indeed I will not," said Lvdin £ resisting, yet evidently willing, with all her I native coquetry ; " I'll not go." ( But he drew hor arm firmly within hii and led her into the shadows. n m?' \\\ ( To be continued ) i 