FROM SPEECH OF BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. " Training of Clergy. The increasing demand for clergy in England through the division of parishes, the building of churches, the multiplication of services, the extension of missionary labor among the heathen possessions of Great Britain, the ample provision also made for the payment both of curates and incumbents, have rendered it more difficult than ever to procure from home a sufficient supply of thoroughly educated clergy and University men. Those of a different stamp are not acceptable in an active minded, intelligent, earnest population like ours. Inferior men are not wanted ; superior men can with difficulty be got from England. We must, therefore, endeavor to educate ministers ourselves. " Theological Students In order to encourage serious young men to fit themselves for the ministry various plans have been devised. It is a part of the foundation of St. Peter's Collegiate School, in return for the grant of £2,500 made by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provided for four theological students. VC To help them in their education between 20 and 23, the age for the Diaconate, a pension of £50 per annum has been provided for the three, who shall be approved by the Bishop. The first condition required is that they should have passed the local Institute examination or the matriculation examination for the Melbourne University, or the examination for, the Civil Service in England. Messrs. Spicer and Bussell have fulfilled their conditions, and are actual pensioners, receiving 250 per annum. Mr. Spicer is studying at the University of Melbourne. 's Theological Tutor In view of train- ing young men in theology, as candidates for Holy Orders, I applied to the Society for Promoting Christain Knowledge, to aid in the endowment of such a tutorship in connection with the Cathedral. By last mail I received the gratifying intelligence that a grant of 2500 had been made on condition that a like sum was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for Propogation of the Gospel have generously assisted me in this project, the former by a vote of £300, and the latter by one of £200. . By the outgoing mail I was able to announce to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge Board the fulfil- ment of the condition. There will then be invested during the present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theological Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop. So far, then, as human means are concerned in the prospect of procuring from time to time young men as ministers for the service, our Church is by no means, hopeless. Let us, however, never forget that it is not ours to inspire the necessary longing for the spiritual work. c The harvest is plenteous; the laborers are few. How is this deficiency to be supplied ? ' Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that He will thrust forth laborers into the harvest. Then only can - we hope for theological students or ministers full of faith and the Holy Ghost. Adelaide Observer, A NATIVE SHOEMAKERS dusky son of Crispin, in the shape of an aboriginal native, is now employed in the service of Mr. George Young, shoemaker, of this city, The native, who is said to be a very good tradesman, was trained at the Native Mission at New Norcia 