Teleg-i-aplíio. Sydney. [AI7ST11AMAN ASSOCIATED PRESS,] November at. RICH'S livery stables, at Grenfell, were burnt to the ground to-day, the horses being saved. The Abergeldie, ship, which sailed for London on Monday last, returned to port to-day, having loathsome of her spare during a heavy squall experienced on Tuesday. The recent rains have done much good in the Queanbeyan district. The cable is. interrupted between Batavia and Singapore. The prohibition against importation of Queensland sheep has been withdrawn for six months. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS;] November 6. The spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club commenced at Flemington to-day. It has been raining heavily all the day, and the boisterous weather prevented a large attendance. A regular hurricane swept over the course at noon, in the midst of which Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New South Wales, drove upon the course in a, four-in-hand drug. The following are the results of the different events : -x MELBOURNE STAKES, a sweepstakes of 5 BOYS. each, with 150 added. For three-year-olds turf upwards Weight for age. ) One mile and a quarter. ' ! . ' ' 2 3 Sour Grapes colt and Troy were scratched. HoTHAM HANDICAP, a sweepstakes of 5 Sovs. each, 2 ft., with 100 added. For three years old and upwards. One mile" and a half and a distance. Mr. D. McLellan's but. Kiucrachnio, 0 years 8st. 4lbs. ] Mr. F. Long's him. Southern Cross, 4 years 7st. 8lbs..' .... ' 2 Mr, H. Power's him. Four d'Artifice, 4 years, ' 7st, Albany This race was run in a most Winding shower of rain. THE MARIBYRNONG PEATE, a sweepstakes of 30 sovs., h. ft., with 500 added. For two year olds colts, 8st. 10lb. ; fillies, 8st. 5lbs. The second horse to receive 100 sovs., and the third 30 sovs., out of the stake. Five furlongs, Messrs. T. and A. Chirnside's b c. New- minster, by the Mai quis Spa . X Mr. S. Gardiner us. here. Aldinga, by Talk o the Hill-Regalia Mr C. B. Fisher's relic. Sovereign, by Fire- works Rose of Denmark. 3 Mr. J. Wilson's beef. Briseis, by Tim Whiffler -Miibidora, which started the favorite finished fifth. Tin: V. H. C. Diîimu-A sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, 5 ft, with 500 added. For three year-olds colts, 8st. 10lb.; Allies, 8st. 5lbs. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs., out of the stake. One mile and a half. Mr. E. de Mestre's us. bred. by Fireworks -Sylvia 1 Mr. W. Branch's b c. Richmond, by Maribyrn- ong-The Fawn 2 Mr. K, de Maistre is. b c. by Marquis Sour Grapes ... ,.. 3 The Painter, Veteran, Libertine, Jupiter, King of Diamonds, Maid'Of-nll-Vork, and Loquacity also started.' After some delay at the post, The Painter went away with the loud, but before coming to the turn King of Diamonds went to the front, followed by Richmond, Veteran,' Maidenwell Work, and this order was maintained for some distance, King of Diamonds loading well ahead, at the mile-and-a-half for post. At the shed-, maid-of-all-work took the lead, but Richmond forcing the pace,' led into the straight, when the Sylvia colt came with a rush on the inside, and won by a short length from Richmond, Sour Grapes colt third, Maid-of-iill- Woikfouitu, The Painter fifth, and Troy sixth. Time, 2 min?. ' M secs. FOOTSCRAY STARTS, a sweepstakes of 5 says. each, with 50 added. For tin ce year-olds and upwards ; weight for age ; the winner to be sold for 100 sovs.; soiling allowances. One mile. Mr. A. Stewart's br.g. Dunn, aged. 1 Mr. R. lfowio'sr.g. Sheriff, aged ~ ... 2 Mr. J. Hodge's b.g. Little Dick, aged 3 Time, 1 min. 53 secs. The ESSENDON STAKES, of 10 sovs. each, with 150 added. Weight for age. Two miles. Messrs. T. and A Chirnside's big. Hniicot, years. 1 Mr. C. B. Fisher's b.f. by Marquis -Alpha, 3 years.... 2 Mr. H. Fisher's b.g. Fraternity', 3 years .- 3 November 7 Sir James M'Culloch has been elected for Warrnambool by a large majority. During the thunderstorm yesterday five sheep were killed at Terang, Sir. Neil Black's station." New Zealand. VIA SYIKTEY. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED miss.] AUCKLAND, October 30. An educated native tomahawked another during a fit of jealousy. A recent arrival jumped off the Auckland wharf with her child, 2 years old, tied to her. She was rescued, but the child subsequently died. anderson, the jockey, who was arrested at Melbourne, has been sentenced to three months imprisonment for stealing a watch. The Roman Catholics will make religious education the battle cry during the ensuing elections. During the gale experienced by the Hero, s., from Sydney, the second mate was washed over- board and drowned. A CONSIDERABLE number of Brisbane residents are desirous of visiting Ipswich on Tuesday next, some to assist at the grand Masonic ceremony taking place there on that day, and others taking advantage of the holiday to see friends on the Bremer. Six o'clock is, however, a very early hour for starting, and noon is rather too late. It is suggested that on such a day as Tuesday next it would pay the department, and much oblige the public, if the train which leaves her? at nine o'clock for Indooroopilly was to be continued on to Ipswich. Perhaps Mr. King will take the matter into consideration. THE Toowoomba papers promise the Volunteers a warm reception on their arrival to-morrow. The Chronicle says-The townspeople have contributed most liberally towards the luncheon, and Mr. Davenport has given one of his largest Leicester wethers, which is to be roasted whole for the occasion. Altogether the demonstration of Tuesday promises to be an event that will add considerably to the value and importance of the Volunteer movement." Tnn heavy. thunderstorm which passed over Brisbane on Saturday evening prevented the holding of the "Champion Spelling bee," announced to take place in the School of Arts on that night in aid of a peal of bells for St. John's. li was currently reported in town on Saturday that the present leader of the Queensland liar, Mr. Ratcliffe Pring, Q.C., has been offered and will probably accept a District Court Judge hip. The Central or Midland district, which inclines Maryborough, Gympie, Rockhampton, j clermont, is the one mentioned in connection with this rumored appointment. The team chosen by the Albert Cricket Club to play a match with the Ipswich cricketers to-morrow, Start by the last train this evening. The match will be commenced at ten o'clock the following morning. THE immigration agents have received advices by the last mail of the departure of the ship Toowoomba, Captain Kirkpatrick, for Rockhampton. She left London on August 27, and has on board 224 souls, equal to 291 statute adults, under the charge of Dr. Butler, surgeon superintendent, and Mrs. Wadley, matron. Of the immigrants, There are 134 English, 1 Scotch, and SO Irish. Among these there are 12 female domestic servants, 78 farm laborers, 4 laborers, 1 hatter, 3 gardeners, 1 baker, 2 miners, 2 plumbers, 1 blacksmith, 3 mechanics, 1 mason, 1 sawyer, 2 carpenters, and 6 miscellaneous. THE preliminary electoral rolls for the current municipal year are now complete, and it is notified in another column that they can be seen at the office of the Town Clerk. As some unpleasantness was caused at the last annual election in consequence of alleged omissions, rate payers should now examine the rolls, and ascertain whether their names have been correctly inserted or not. The 30th instant is the latest date on which alterations or insertions can be made. SOME complaints have been made against an individual at Kangaroo Point who, during the first few nights, has been amusing himself by snapping a white sheet around him, and thus frightening a number of children. The only way to deal with such a mischievous fool is to give him a sound thrashing, and it seems rather surprising that some of the inhabitants of that locality are too much afraid of " ghost " to do so. AN audacious robbery took place on Saturday night, at the shop of Mr. C. Morrell, watchmaker, Queen-street, as he was serving some customers. It appears that a well-known character named Price was there at the time, and was seen to stoop near a safe where some watches were kept. He went away, and immediately after a watch and watch-case were missing. Price was suspected, and Sub-inspector Slattery was sent for. he searched the prisoner, but without finding the articles. A short time after, however he saw the man go towards a heap of paving stones near the Bank of New South Wales. The watch and case and the man being found together there, the latter was looked up. A wtocLAMATioN appeared in the Government Gazette of Saturday last to the effect that the limits of the Circuit Court at Townsville has been altered so as to comprise the police districts of Burke, Cardwell, Charters Towers, Cape River, Etheridge, Gilberton, Ravenswood, and Townsville ; while the police districts of Cook, Miner, and Somerset are included in the Cook town circuit district. in accordance with this Circuit Courts will be held at Townsville, and Cooktown twice in each year, at intervals of not more than seven or less than five months. The traffic earnings on the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending October 30, are 03 follow Passenger fares, £733 1H. 7d. ; goods and live stock, £2389 12s. 7d. ; parcels and miscellaneous, £84 2s. 9d; total, £3200 10s. 11d. Compared with the corre- landing week of last year, this shows an in crease on passenger fares of £140 11s. 6d.; on goods and live stock, 396 7s. 9d. and on its cels and miscellaneous, £14 9s. 3d. total 581 8s. 6d. The total amount received during 1875 is to date £03,528 8s. 4d. In comparison with the corresponding period last year, this shows an increase of £9722 13s. 7d. WE have received by the last mail via Torres Straits the first number of a new journal published in London for transmission to the colonies, and named 2Vic Anglo-Australian. in addition to a fair selection of current news, and a well- written summary, this journal contains a large quantity of matter specially addressed to the commercial community. The full manifests of all cargoes imported from and exported to the Australasian colonies at British ports are given in complete detail, and in a most convenient form, full particulars of the dimensions, tonnage, age, and class, of each vessel being affixed, as well as other useful particulars. In addition to this are full particulars very completely elaborated, with exact brands, c, of every lot of wool sold in London by public auction, at the Wool Exchange, for the last fortnight of the month of August, with the prices realised. In other respects the trade, financial, and shipping news and reports appear to be very full, and The Anglo-Australian pro- mises to occupy a field of usefulness not hitherto taken up by any of its predecessors. A MEETING of the Regatta Committee was held at the Royal Hotel on Saturday evening to receive entrances for the only sailing match that will be included in to-morrow's programme. The race is for sailing dingies not exceeding 18 feet overall ; prize, £10, and has filled remarkably well considering the limited notice given and the heavy storm which broke over Brisbane on the night for receiving the entries. The f lowing is-, a list of the names of the various boat, entered, the names of the persons by whom they are entered, and the colors to be carried at the peak of the mainsail during the race : IM, W. J. Morley ; blue, with white star yields, I' Bliss, rail and blue 1 small, Captain Brown ; joUow "'"A, S. Clark ; blue Sen, J. Ihuiuiwoii ; led and white 3 to, J. I-tluanla; rest lots were drawn for stations by the repre a native of each boat on Saturday evening, the arrangement being that whoever drew still should have the selection of his own station, and that the rest should follow in their order. The list given above is in the station indicated by the result of the drawing- The boats will start from the flagship at 2 pm., going up the river as far as Walmsley's Point (opposite the North Quay where a boat will be moored ; having rounded this they will proceed down the river as far as the red buoy on the A.S.N. Company's wharf, round this, thence to the boat off Walmsley's Point, and "Ch to the flagship. This race appears likely to prove one of the most interesting features in the programme, and it is matter for con- gratulation that so many entries have been forthcoming. ye have been requested to call '-'attention to the fact that, for the convenience of those holding tickets for the flagship, boats in be engaged during the regatta to convey him to and from the shore. As announced in another column, the entries for the regatta, "Set her with the by-laws of the Regatta Club, as a complete form, can now be obtained from the various booksellers. E. B. Forrest, Esq., consented to act as umpire. THE dead body of a West Indian negro sailor, who had deserted from the ship Star Queen, was found yesterday morning in the river, near North Quay, by Alfred Roger and Thomas Taylor, There is every reason to suppose that deceased was the man who, during the past week, has been an annoyance to women passing along Roma-street. On Thursday night he had just been guilty of this offence when he was called upon to stand by the police. Instead of doing so he ran towards the river bank and took refuge on a raft of timber lying near. He refused to come on shore, and slipping into the water, disappeared. A close watch was kept near the spot, but no further traces were seen of him all that night. The body was conveyed to the morgue, where Dr. Hobbs examined it and ordered it to be buried. A CURIOUS discovery has been made at the Clifton coal mines. In sinking a new shaft the miners passed through two feet of black soil, then upwards of thirty feet of the hardest blue metal, then two feet of honeycomb rock with water, next thirty feet of fireclay, after which they came upon about six inches of di left, containing nuts, leaves, and pieces of wood, in excellent preservation, of a kind unknown on the present surface of Queensland. It is thought the wood is lancewood, but this is not yet fully determined. Mr. Simpson brought down, as a sample of of the wood, a block about eighteen inches long, and five by two or three inches in i girth. It is quite black, and though solid when found, is now much cracked. It has to be handled with great care, as the heat of the hand cracks it, and it is evidently inclined to go to pieces. The specimens of wood, leaves, and nuts are now in the museum. Beneath this drift more fireclay was met with, and then, strangest of nil at a depth of eighty feet a layer of water-worn quartz pebbles was found on the top of the coal. This, we understand, is the first time quartz, pebbles have been found in connection with coal, and will scarcely be credited by geologists, though it is on indisputable fact. THE following lands having been resumed are now set apart for selection as homesteads and not otherwise t 6720 acres on the Telemon run, Moreton district, at the Brisbane Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 14 next ; 25,000 acres on the Durundur run, Moreton district, at the Ipswich Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 14 next ; 21,760 acres on the leased portion of the Windah consolidated run, at the Rockhampton Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 14 next ; 5120 acres on the Goomburra run, 640 acres on the Gladfield run, 7680 acres on the Rosenthal run, 5280 acres on the Ellengowan run, all in the Darling Downs district, at the Warwick Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 7, 1875 ; 11,520 acres on the Jimbour run, 6400 acres on the Living dale run, 6440 acres on the Rosalie Plains run, all in the Darling Downs district, at the Dalby Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 7 next ; 8320 acres, on the Pilton run, Darling Downs district, at the Toowoomba Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 7 next ; about 5800 acres, on the Grantham run, and 12,180 acres, on the Franklin Vale run, Moreton district, at the Ipswich Land Office, on and after Tuesday, December 7 next. The quantity of land thus thrown open amounts to 127,020 acres. A TIMELY discovery was made at Messrs. Clarke, Hodgson, and Co.'s wharf, on Saturday morning, which has possibly been the means of preventing a catastrophe at sea, such as some years ago befel the Fiery Star. For a day or two previous a peculiar and increasing smell had been noticed in one of the birds on the wharf, and on Saturday it was determined to overhaul the goods therein, in order, if possible, to ascertain whence the smell proceeded. A thorough shifting of the goods was accordingly undertaken, with the result that the smell was found to be centred in a particular bale of wool, which was at once bundled out on to the wharf and there ripped open, when it was perceived that the wool was in an incipient stage of spontaneous combustion, being much heated and blackened. This bale contained, we understand, wool which had been scoured and pressed at one of the local fellmongering establishments, and as a number of other bales of the same deser ip tion had already been stowed in the barque Corinth as part of her homeward loading they were discharged without delay, and several of them found to be also in a dangerous condition from the same cause. This is a very serious matter, and as such an occurrence is plainly pro ventable with the exercise of proper care, it remains to be elicited whether the wool was pressed whites still damp from washing, or whether it has after packing been allowed to become wetted with rain. It is through such bales escaping observation and being stowed as part of a ship's cargo that many a wool ship has left port never to be heard of again, or only through the rescue of part of her crew, who had escaped from their burning vessel. THE leader of the prospecting party despatched from Mackay writes thus : " If I have been unable to find payable gold, I have, at least to my own satisfaction, proved where it does not exist. From Mackay, fifty miles west, thence south to Nebo and back to Mackay, are the boundaries of the country in which it has been proved that payable gold does not exist. It may be said that the country has only been run over, but that objection will not hold, the formation of the country being such that gold, did it exist, would be easily discovered, the numerous creeks and ravines running on the bed rock. Near the head of the right-hand branch of the Pioneer River is an exception to this rule. There the watershed is close to the river on both sides, and the ravines are short and steep, and full of scrub, the bed being filled with mud, and no wash-dirt lying between it and the rock, whilst near the hills the rock is bare in fact they are mere storm-water channels, and owing to the steep banks and scrub nearly impassable. I went up the river as far as I could force my way, and could get the color as far as I went, but no better show than was obtained twenty miles lower down. When completely blocked, I took a south- easterly course, and continued in that direction, crossing and prospecting numerous creeks until the southern branch of the Pioneer was reached. I took this course thinking the gold in the river might have come from the south side, but my previous impressions were confirmed, as the colony was not seen south of the right hand branch. The watershed on the northern side of this branch is close to the river all the way up, in many places not being a mile distant, and I am inclined to think that if there is any payable gold it will have to be looked for in the head waters of the O'Connell, which rise as nearly as I could judge just over the range from this head of the Pioneer, and flow north and east. I believe the party met with on the previous trip (the original discoverers of the Normanby diggings is now prospecting in that locality, as bush fires have been lighted either by them or the blacks, as none but prospectors or niggers would be so far amongst the hills." IN the principal hotels of Europe and America telegraphs connecting with the State system of telegraphy are amongst the ordinary conveniences of hotel life at the present day. The first instance of the extension of this eminently useful idea which we have observed in these colonies is at the Royal Hotel, Sydney, where, by a paragraph in a southern exchange, we see that it has been introduced. GRATEFUL, for Maggie's Dream," is the title of the somewhat thrilling drama produced at the Queensland Theatre, on Saturday night. The piece is lengthy, but of sufficient interest to en- gage the attention of the audience throughout. Its conception is a novelty for this stage, as the principal incidents are the embodiments of a dream. Miss Blanche Grey assumes the character of Maggie, and by her animation and spirit, contributes largely to the success of the play Miss Rosa Towers took the part of Gratti) very intelligently and appeared to better advantage than hitherto. She is assisted by Miss Katie Towers, in veritable riot of dramatic humanity, apparently about four years old, who sang an intelligible comic song so humorously as to elicit a hearty encore. Sir. Clifford appeared in two characters, and sustained both perfectly, but Mr South unfortunately had little scope allowed him for his genuine comicality. A transformation scene at the termination was made so effective as to give general satisfaction. The same piece will be presented again this evening, and is worth a visit. AMONGST the telegraphic items from Brisbane in late issues of the S. M. Herald and Melbourne Argus, the donation of £100 by His Excellency the Governor to the National Society is mentioned. Both these journals, however, supple- ment the fact by describing the donor as the Marquis of Normanby. Perhaps the Marquis for the ancient love he bears us, may send a handsome donation to the National Society, which would, no doubt, be accepted with much pleasure, in the meantime, we feel sure he has no desire to receive the approbation which properly belongs to Governor Cairns for his very liberal gift. AT the City Police Court, on Saturday, before P. Rawlins, Esq., Police Magistrate, two inebriates were cautioned and discharged, and one was fined 10s., or twenty-four hours in the lock-up. -Aim McCormack, for vagrancy, was sent to gaol for three mouths John Patterson, laborer, for being drunk, disorderly, and assaulting the police in the execution of their duty, in Edward-street, was fined £3, or fourteen days' imprisonment. Sarah Ballard, charged with in- infanticide, was remanded until the following Monday. THE reports of the prospects at Talgai reefs continue to be very favorable (says the Warwick Examiner). New hands continue to go to the place, and the reefs are nearly all showing gold bearing stone. The crushing machine is fast approaching completion, and is expected to be at work in a week or so. The proprietors of the Big Hill reef have just let a contract for the driving of a tunnel 100 feet long, in the progress of which they expect to cut the reef at about 70 feet. They have just finished a tramway 150 feet long from the entrance of the tunnel to the air shaft, and in the progress of the work they have come across splendid stone, such in fact as will give a very heavy return. The Star of the West reef (Oliver Anderson and Co.) is also giving good stone and a second line of roof, be sides the one they are sinking on-a continuation in fact of the No. 1 Caledonian is traced for nearly 100 feet through the claim. Other reefs are producing good stone, and the diggers have every belief that in a very few weeks the much neglected Talgai will astonish the colony with good returns. There are lots of diggers also at work between Talgai and Thane's Creek, and some very good reports from this portion of the country are given Tun mining reporter of the Northern Advocate reports, under date October 30 The chief crushing-mill events of the week are well calculated to maintain the progressive character this field is fast earning for itself. On Monday last, the Defiance turned out a fine cake of 587 ozs. 12dwts. smelted gold, from a crushing of 200 tons from Stubbley's block on the St. Patrick. At the Never Despair 1 500 ozs. of hard squeezed amalgam have been taken off the tables from about 450 tons of the No. 5 Queen stone, 250 tons of which have yet to be put through, and as in previous crushings from this claim the amalgam went nearly a half, it is highly probable that the entire parcel of 700 tons will give a gross yield of over 2000 ounces of gold ; while the One and All has nearly completed the crush- ing of Sfll tons-from No. 1 N. Rainbow, which will likely give a return of somewhere about 3ozs. per ton. The Enterprise finished crushing 225 tons of stone from the United Englishman lease (No. 2 block on the St. Patrick for a yield of 45oz. of gold, it return considerably in excess of that expected by the shareholders. And I may here remark, that I believe there are more tons of stone at grass just now than at any other period in the past existence of this goldfield, impugn it whoso list." The Northern Advocate says, regarding Mr; Hodgkinson's exploring expedition Mr. Hodgkinson seems sanguine of discovering a gold-field at the heads of the Leichhardt and Gregory rivers. He could scarcely have a more pains- taking and careful man attached to his party than Mr. Surveyor Kayser, and if the number were stronger we should entertain high hopes of its success. We think that the Government, when sanctioning an expedition of this sort should not be "ticklish" about a few pounds ; as to be of any real service, it should be composed of more than five persons. The country to be explored is yet a terra incognita, believed to be swarming with blacks of the most dangerous kind, and we certainly think the Executive acts against the best interests of the North in limiting Mr. Hodgkinson to so few hands for this undertaking. He could have procured one or two very desirable men here, but was not in a position to engage them. With the pack horses now purchased, he believes he can take full supplies for a four months' trip, which may be stretched out to six months on a pinch, after which he will be obliged either to return to civilisation for fresh supplies or " live as the blacks live." A poor prospect, we fear, during a wet season. THE Minister for Lands very lately informed one of our Ipswich friends that he had already given orders to throw open for selection 12,000 acres on Franklyn Vale, in addition to those already selected, and that not more than about 3000 would be sold by auction. He also stated that in various parts of the West Moreton district from 40,000 to 50,000 acres would be immediately proclaimed. The lands for auction had already been dealt with before his accession to office, having been cut up into small allotments. In our summary for the Philadelphia Exhibition, we omitted to mention that the rents for land held in West Moreton, for the year 1874, amounted to £18,000, and those of 1875 to between £20,000 and £21,000. The amount of business transacted in the West Moreton Land Office is much greater than that of any other office in the colony Queensland Times. ON Tuesday last, says the Northern Advocate of the 30th instant, a man named Edward Seymour Evans died from the effects of injuries sustained in the Mary black claim lease. It is not known exactly, as far as we can gather, how he received the blow which led on to his death. A hurt to the head, either by a stone falling from the shaft, or from the up bucket, knocked him down, according to his own statement. He gradually sank, and died about twelve o'clock same night. We learn that Evans, usually known as Ned Seymour, is son of. Dr. Evans of London, and was at one time a partner in a squatting firm on the Namoi River, and that his brother, Dr. Evans, is now practising in Balmain, Sydney. The deceased was a very gentlemanly man, we are told of a retiring disposition, and although he had known several of our residents elsewhere in " days gone past," he refrained from renewing the acquaintance, owing to alteration in his circumstances. He was also a great favorite with the miners here. 