THE RACES AND LANGUAGES OF THE PACIFIC. II. Is the Australian aboriginal a, modified negro?- Does he belong to the same prolific race that has peopled the greater part of the .Continent of Africa, and that is in- cmisk^ so gra&tfy; in tl? Soutbem States of America and the West Indian Isktxk? BjvamjeOas^a^Bjttt?^Kgmm wots, to which die Australian belongs, ie believedto be distinct in itself, and to have Imt feeble aad bet temovtid abides wyb odwr Mack races. To this race has ~beea aseigW aXL the Idmo&tr;* of the Pacific, to wham Mr. Whitmee proposes togtvetkesas?e Negrito- Polyneeian. r?-~-, —r think, an rfmauash io Us lecture, delivered as it was to Aagls- Saxon Australians, sot to have teleued to the aborigines of Australia. It is true fbe lecturer's subject confined kirn to the "men? islands," but if Australia is oec*> pied, as seems almost certain, tkrou*ho«t the whole of its extent by oae of the three race* that inhabit Polynesia, it worn* hare greatly interested the audience to hare been specially told of this fret. There cam, we think, be little doubt of it, asd there is some comfort iatUaliafj that the aboriginals of our country, as mil a* the inhabitants of the vast watery doaanef the Pacific, can be referred to two or (krae already -well known varieties of the geaus homo. New Zealand, we we« expressly told, belongs to the brown lace, t^e, the Malayo- Polyneaan. Indeed, the aaudfest aftahiw between the Maori and the ligkter<olorad inhabitants of the Sooth Seas ate so numerous tint a common origin coald not but i>e predicated of then. Onediffumat, however, is very striking, aad we ehouhi like aome explanation of k- TheKewZea lander Maude alone among the browa race as a cannibal. We have Mr. WTutawe** authority, sad none can be better for tine bet, that caasifaaluan is a characteristic of the Kegifto-Patynenan, but not of the Halayo-PoUmeeian. The modification of type from the Malay watt the negro respectively is explained oa the theory of natural selection. "The believer ia the unity of the hanan family most aflow that Mtural tdstikmimA nwdi fied, and was still modifying, the Tarioas races of men, or bow else cmtld they account for the different charactenstics of mankind at larger Mr. Buckle* view, that we are what cincamstaaeesmske ns, was to come extent eodorsed by Mr. Wbitowe. Qeeliowedhowpleiityoffood, I idud easy cnekst Hvwft, lad ftodnoei a fine race—modi finer dan the original Malay. DHfereopes prevail auoa^ the islanders according to the climate aad fer -1 taity of the islands tlteymhabtt, and among ! the people of the sane ialaad aeoordtnf to their position in the social «cak. The ) (Auefa are unirereally distinguishable by 1 their staton and fine proportkaM, and this is not to be explained by the theory that the finest and strongest asen are chosen to be chiefs, but by die fact that the family lof the chiefs axe better aad more n4eft tifullyfed. Averynngvlarfact was men tioned, which so doubt woeddbeaceepuhk to the dandiee we emnetimes ace etrattiag about hi Adelaide, that among the brown race a fine figure aad beauty are not hatf as much esteemed ia a woman as in a man. And yet we have, etmagely eaongh, the fact coupled with this that woman attains a comparatively high social positkm. Per haps, indeed, it may in some degree be owing to the vanity of U*e men, and the common sense of the women, tint the vast difference in poakio? which usually obtains between the lord* aad ladiesamong?t savages has, ia the case of the Malay and Polynesians, been almost effaced. We are sot surprised to find among aocfa people that tank is hereditary, and that a long and good pedigree k of the utmost importance, nor that their t?r ditional and mythological poetry is of a. very high character. It is argued from nearly all tkeee fact* thai the MaWtyo- Polynssians are oot savages in process of development, but that they have sunk to their present state from a considerable degree of intellectual and social deration. In other words, the present state of tate brown race throughout the Pacific is that of a degraded, and not of an incipient, civilization. The black race was characterised by Mr. Whitmee in no very flattering terms. The Negiito-Polyneeian is an "out and out eavage, and one could never doubt it. He is an impulsive, merry bloodthirsty savage, with little or no regard for human life, orforanythingelseexsept for the gratifi cation of whatever passion might be upper most at liie time." We can dismL& the Negrito just now witk these scathing words. We know something our selves about him ia the Australian type, and we know that he b as out and out savage, wnotn three quarters of a century of contact with the higkeet form of civilization that the world has eeen has not yet taught to construct a decent wuiiey. In point of fact, we faelkve rhat in New South Wales, as in South Au6trafia,eave of course in individual case* under Biiropepaeupervi?ioo, the Anatniitn negro ia a mote debased aad brutaHsed savage Hum he was before our first cokwy was founded. Latham says that the diffusion of the Idandenin the Pacific is one of the most extrauwliisiry pnenonMna n ethnutogy1. Mr. Wkitmee thinks titsi tke blsck race b the aboriginal popuktioa, aad that the brown ia intrusive. He special naami for this seems to be that tie Hack nee is more in tke very faeart of tke Badfie,* fact which mutt have struck LaJhmm when fee called the brown mot Aj?fhj. neaanB,thestirroundJne;i?kmdflCs. But the word abonginal is apt to mislead. Save with those who believe is. «Bec£Sc centres at creufid?, toe sJHngflfcM of any country tre not ref?ded M tevisf dwelt there «6 erigme, but onry Va have been the eaxiieet eetdexe. If we «re to ac cept the doctrine of tha unhj of the kaman race, tte cradle of humaatty wa? doufctkat in tke uplands of Armenia,, end frost tkk oentre fA *c tariou* nofatnas of the human funily must bare oommenced. Tbe one nee wonld am to have come «aat ward from Africa, and the other byanertk e««twardroute ihroogh tk«great Mslarw AnhqwlagQ (torn Am. Ko doabt tarn. ate gwt «SaitiM ia GmemmtmAm «f any valid theorjr of tana*; Wttbe fadfe* of n«B*l?l<£jaitoof Japaataeeaartractia? VpOO WM Of UK IMBUVMM BOJtBf WS quite ■wxitqucq—cti?? letmeotiHaui the cow* cf Aria. As to tie Mar* race, two* of their ctifaat eww^tpw it tha Valley of the fc9e aft* apon tberibarwof tl* K*-d Sea warn ene?ent aarigaton,aad h is <«v to conceit* «f aaaHtee ooanaa nkatton between Korfh Africa sal tb* coat* cf India, and that tbe am* adwaa turoua, or the am aarfoitaaata, skht ea? or l? driven b«m the «■« of BoH&ladia; to .Sumatra and J.m. From theme the 4i? pmw wodd be attended with no tmm pnaUe difficulties We hope Che Canal of ihe Uairenfaf w!H endeavor, as oftea v paariUe, to pre rid«fortlw fcaced avtik:ieebran fatta* Various aciencea tram tfaoae wlw «Mtf ha HgsrdeA a* ajwiriiatii T« tiae Bet. Mr. WbHaMwtiMthaafe rfttomim wij ,% day for a reaSy alle aai a flwiaiailj poplar lectaie oa oae of tbe famaaal wafcyyte of the d*r. Or* Binp*pore tdafnaa, dated Mh Uecenber, whidi «« Mi* fU? m? ing, isdicate* Aat tie eSalraat of tfca Englidi pafchc eoaeenawr tbe po&y; of fh? Gorcnaaent apoa the Tmtefc fnwiiiip I— l*y no rae«M naval away, limb DarW and BcaconaNU aacwi?dcd is linia ixq«lar fec^p tor a tin* fraa tfc* Btdgamii airocftiet h* emMm akaa ! respertiiy tbc nd o^fect of Bmmk, «ai there wag then a derided iiirliiwliua o« tfce put of both ?beiali and Comemthm** mhr wmi. tbe Qcrena?aiti?«apaahiop tottemmbitioosnrojftct* <rf tfeeC&r;bat inilinl nCiiiif inlit tfcairiimil ittaiiiMirtiaa towarle then, the Tory Otlaact, by Hm M J ■«juafcj^ ■ml jft?MahM^^u^k £A* XWCcBOB ItHW Hav??vv?Cv CSEEVaHVuBm fIC view? aad imartuM, has max anm «* -poeed hwtf to anajidoa aaj ii|gii iwli n, wfckfc harvfowad efeanaaaa at a lum wpw«eh*?ttw> ialMfiv at fit J«a£a BalL ffii ■Matiaar wan faimivl mm hr tfaelhteofWe>tosMfar,a?dittenaaaVj mftny members of both ffii—n «f Par tiaawat and a tfaoaand iliingaliii Craat 4m*ent fuie «f Uh Caii?* Tiiajtiw. { Mr. Gtadrtoae, who was aanmei fo ha*? hem anrifod «rt what tfee £& of aabfie fealuv he bad niarf rtJlnl traJS cm the platform, aad witt oOa* aJS in term* of oaaHoe of tta . aav Lqmoos poUcr of the flmnaauf, aad dedued ttftt Ead BsMMHIMIJiIK «W tfar natkn —~* b^^^^^^aTZ^^S to war ia defeooe of Tazhsjr. IWaaalhan uifcd tbat EiKkad aWwbi m ■■■aw conin% wiASaiak oa befaatf «f tbe O?ri*tWm of tb mvhad mant. Am the tefegnm gnrw bo fndtcatiaa 'af aaf jarri?s: ante ia tie aaaawbH?/iMAHar U^ it for naatod tbat tbaa> ■***& opimoneof tbe mmithm., BadbiaMMlli to ■rtt « te 6ft of rWaarr, «ft«a «« Ifinktty wffl bam to cite a fal adaaaaMf their actioa is oaaaamoa witb ttaceeaat ooaapHcatioDs. Tbe but tea of tbe tda gnmi?for?wiM tbat the fiagfiA Oa«aa?> nent bae wimituA tbe AMoieaa walbaj of nct. The Chril SittiaM «f tbe Onwia— €?ait wBl ka nMaaaaOai wna*. The somber of akmUu— aaaaitad to «J?«t^toWi?iBnaia^rjfcir«l?aaaJtort tiMof^^S^ASala^atSa^ fldwoltacQaavatOakbiaiuiaalaaaaf aaMaK oUii«ttMiaiiiwriltbMf^aMalaMattb? | naeaa eaanaittae of ttapaMaalaM«f&kAle;? i tiD«B-*^, J- * ■- ' J--Y-- i •?^TTI|T?| aat,«lHi HvAhelHafiafaa flaf ! faye«aam,C«iiwmii«. At tbe apecbit laeetSa* of lbs Cite Coowa uiiiiaar, tr- Ifajiiwali. trictalflu tatrawa*—aelqrhaaatttef iatder nwiiliflina, llwnlL Womfcigfcaaaa* iattefaatdaiiifcdwffAiiiittiawtoib?dattai ontkeflbr. Certain Bass, GoUSabJs Wai4a% to«a^ into Adcfttida. a km dy amy • daaaead, fiekod ast at Maat attajili a j?i«r, m tbe tbe «U XTrtiniwl OJwujSj^ dMa.aa^Kgiaaaip Ufcttavatt, «od ? ril«rihy aae aTaaFharfjatfwatlw «t£lo«r«l,«iil?ffHJbal?Mw • ? At tbe«Kelwr«# tba GmosM «f «a? -catta?sa K«a4?f^Mwmhcr 11, W. bdl, J J?^«ajat. W. BarW;ilV<c^?f«r^ liftd tow faafvpsraM to ikoHi Aehm hhi fiftmMf the Miaiatar of ApJuaHaw aad ?ia?gtt? dnriaf theotniaa* week. ! Op Smnday ewrog, Urnr-bw ML tba Glet%j*sraaaaaViMaj ul In In niilf in by far. AanrthM af tta wniaw>aaO?aw<biS ftrr—it iaatodtit at aapai attbar br • i aatefcor tL7li«faM «adol*««bjar, Wifarta wte^the aw «w wa ia teaTaaa iiiiHim BMoa w«MMawa^vn?aaw vKaMpaitaaaay •■•■■aa^wMa ?•• wiaawp a* saiL. saa. ••? aaaaaMatatltii ihtoy^ihaa fftaWl af at oT^!iXl3tl^dSilJ*kSl£ QgMJJLaa 'a?m*\\-iJU j?M JM?Ma^aW Ba^a^a^a^aT M,|ff !S^!b?rf(b)MdakwbXial tiwirirtWt aad nMfefcMi4ba vaStiMaT Tbe AifO?Wrt, witliJO naKiHa—H BAMtoff? %•■ai■Bc^i!tl|•4<p•v^lMfc^^^ft^wM■^. t^Ma^VBNWp% Mfc jtt^^fciferaayjfaat <l^av3hC^ _ - ?" ' aaaiL— .^^_ fi*. |V^H. MBB ■■■ aP^^aa -W BB g^bW^Sai Hay **b. The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:-Beltana, very hot ; ijr^^^ ,^^_^^ B^b^b?^b^S HflvHAa«" •IOCJ a,4VWBB9bj vHBb% 9JB%VWWXpm?^^b^W^^*^1 cloudy, fine; Port Darwin, splendid meteor last night, course from south to west. We have been favored by Mr. j. A* Hartley, B.A, BJSc, President of the Council ■ of Education, with the following cofiy of the -examiners' report on university scholarships, which lias been adopted by the Council of Bdu «atioa:—" We recommend that the scholarships should be awarded as follow: —Hans Hamilton Mack (Prince Alfred Collage) aad Percy AiweU Eobin (Prince Alfred College), equal; &, Harry Sutton Wyatt, St. Peter's Collegiate School.— Heniv Bead, M-A-, Horace I«mIvHLA~, John Davidson, John A. Hartley, BJL, RBc, examiners."' An inquest was held at the Gasworks Hotel. Brompton, on Monday, December 11, by the city coroner (Mr. Thos. Ward. J.P) upon the body of ? young man named James Craw ford, who died suddenly at his house tin pre vious evening. Mr. James Shearing waschosen foreman of the jury. The evidence of Dr. Sea- Itrook, who bad made a post-mortem examina tion of the body, showed conclusively that tbo immediate cause of death was the rupture of an aneurism of the aorta. The jury without retiring returned* verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. Hie quarterly meeting of the Adelaide ' licensing Bench was held at the Police Court- i Itoose, on Monday morning, December 11. A licence was granted to a new public-house at Yorketowa, and 32 transfers were allowed. Two wine licences weregranted and one refused, liberty was given to change the name of the White Horse Cellars, Port Adelaide, to the Family Hotel. Fire storekeepers' licences were granted, and one holder of a similar licence was allowed to remove it to other premises. One slaughtering licence was granted and 11 plans, for new hotels were filed. The following joke comes to us from one of the neighboring colonies: —A leading states man there, for whom, in the particular which hereafter appears, we think -we can find more than one match among our trim statesman, is much addicted to thereof the capital Z, while at the same time in entirely ignores his H?s. On a recent orrqiajft «m of bis speeches was reported in then*s(jperso?,«nd so many of the I"b were used that the stoc)c in the newspaper office ran short. A compositor asked for more capital Fa, and wasansweied, "Theyare all set. You'd better cat the H7b in two and use them instead, the Hon. Mr. —-don't want them." Hie following chapter of accidents is re ported by onr Hamilton correspondent :— ** A little boy about 6years old was following a waggon in which nay was being tarted, whence feU under the wheeL The father of the little follow says that he saw the waggon go over the child's head, bat it seems almost incredible, for Hie only injury sustained was a braise on the Head, and one of tie legs, and the chad is now almost w*U again. On Thursday bat a little sitri was playing wiwi some otner children witii «v water truck, when it tapped up, and she fell •ad broke her leg. We have also had two fires ■nririchfortanateiy were seen in time, andnothing serious occurred. No reason can be assigned for them, bat tiie opponents of Tandstickor watches give them all the blame." While some boys were hathing in the •U dam near *he Adelaide Qt*A. on Monday, December 11^ one* of them, Gained Michael Maker, who was unable to swim, got Toot «f bis : 4epth, and was uiifortonately drowned. When seeatobe^inkingalad named William Sher din swam to his assistance, caught, him by £he. , hair and held him np for-aome time, bat the ; atrnggle?of fee drowning boy overpowered him, and they sank togc&ar.; Sherdin eventually mat free, but by this time waa «o much ex hausted that he. toe, wonldprobably have been drowned had aot another lad swam ferkiaaid. A lad named Edward Leaks, after diving re peatedly for the body, succeeded inreoovering it, and not knowing the roles to be observed in caauacitating apparently drowned parsons, laid it on the bank aad ran for Dr. MaVo,whoim- Jnediately "irrrmifin' hir* to the spot, but too long a time had elapsed lor medical aid to be of any avail. The body wasjremoved- to the dead ttonse at the Adelaide Hospital the same even ing. An inquest is tobeheld to-day. A decision, interesting to coroners, has been given in the. Supreme Court of New Zealand. Premise* were burnt down and an inquest washeld. Tbe ooeoner was « shareholder of tbe insurance eon^wzrjrw&Hsh; had given a policy over the premises. "The jary found that incendiarism had men WMmatteii, and tiie «toraner sent the -oecupler onto gaol on 'a charge «f arson. obtained a rale tun calling uptib^the jpcosecution to show cause «riiy the infotina^kia should not be Bet aside, on the gronnd that the coroner was interested. After hearing argument^ Mr. Justice Williams a*id that the information would not be bad unless it was shown tiiat tha coroner's interest was a. beneficial one. Tiie result of the inquisition would be neither a bar nor a good defence to an actionouthe gdlicj, and therefore it could not be said that the coroner had benefited by the verdict of In jury. The information must be sustained. Onapointof practice the court held thatiihe objection was premature, the proper time for frtirmC It "being wtten the prisoner was ar raigned. The half- yearly meeting of die Colonial Mutual lo£a Amraⅇ Society was held <m Thursday afternoon, November 30, at iheir frmcipal office, GoHira^street west, Melbourne, the vice-president of tiie society, His Honor 7odge Pohmun, aeeofn/ing the chair. The report which was- submitted to fee meeting «thibitedu a most gratifying manner the pro gress of the society daring tire hiif-jear em braced in it. Duong ibis tezm so fewer titan 1^22 proposals van rewaved,fcr £380£82,0f which 1,023 weracpigtoted, and policjesiasqed - assuring £254^81u7iBa]riiig an addition to the annual income of JEV/BSlls. 84, wbiah income from premiums alone sow exceeds dE22,000. There bad been dnriag the half-year fivedea&fl;, the d?im« on account of which were ail promptly settled withm a few days of proof. During the three mouths to date €30 policies lmi 1 i mi. aswniiin flfn/iflO, mi llfm On ' aggregate bttslmiaftii the feet eight months of j tiie year embmows JjM7 poMcies, assuring the | ram of £336,880. The Bon.ssmet F. Boras, M.T..A , Postaustor-Gencral of Mew South Wales, was elected ?^aember«f tiie board for 1 ttiat colony.—Melbourne Age. Shortly after midnight en Sunday the ', alumbersof atamly*esMlingin a large house in one of oar prfaWmal sinei? trace disturbed ?y some one teyiag4sestreetOjoor. The lady of aebouaa hearaiiae BOiae first, and one of her mm, who was sleeping «n *he Surd story, afterwards fancnS ifcatihe heard a man walking akmg the passage. Thealarm was given,'aad as tiie lodgers and sons harried from iheir roams, lightly attired,- *he scene was highly amusing. <^ro?b^ootwHharedhlaflketthHiiwnwerhi? •boulders and * rifle nader Jus azm, lorikmg, witii his hair aD awry, like an Indian on the war trail; while*sother, who cmw&mA; Ms load the tendar^tjiarJi^pLhi?. franw, simply Penned a belltopper for bis reguneutels, and cashed far thaVaattai weafMm twtaafly poker. Skxee other e wn««n M ?. t fa^^Tm^ aticks, 4«d another with «.^pk«,siwbiish he had un- PWad^SNl^H^^ «* lavaght up ■Tm£i/mmktM? of the belltosper J>^j£*&Sr;*i* rtreet door, while tiui rifieauai CMpMa^ff fandango around the tables, mA'the^S^gmtfgmi the, bouse. Each face w«s yay^awC L oaaand all believing thatjttagr ted «a litqjjpHnt duty to perform, noftjjjifo tiiemaalves aafl the State, but to the pfMpl a I iarga. The aeanchwss, liowever, fiu|i|M t r bat «n subsequent); , ex ploring the n^ghajjinwT. a..man m aeen Sliding, but havyon , mad? daJmsalf acaqw. Shpuld he n^paafc ys y?a>? wffl oo^oaht be warmly received, JCms «Junldaet«s a«aation tobiMseholdera,ap ihere fafi* gfiMhrnoaymea now loafing «bou| &c; pi^. -Aaerwaatin the house mentioned JxM iu§, qiiiUnws ilu) when , she ratuniedhom«^ptthegi?ono?afl««dngahe aaw two men lying jdowjLaear the hoaao. We have recehned from Mr. Roberfe, of ' K.lng Winiam-street. two lillle pamphlets by Sdward Jeakins, M.P., author of "(Jinx's Baby," on the Turkish question. The smaller brochure is intituled" The Latest Bow in Dame ! Europa's School,'' and is written in the style of bis work published several years ago, in which he 'allegorised the Franco-German War by describing it as a disturbance in that same academy. The larger pamphlet bears the title of "The Shadow on the Cross," and is written iaivtrong and just condemnation of the cold in difference of Lord Derby, and the brutal cynicism of Earl Beaconsfietd, with reference to the Bulgarian atrocities. The writer urges that the English Government has neglected excellent opportunities of settling the Turkish question, and securing the Sclavic Christians from the horrible oppression, extortion, and in sult by which they have been driven to rebel lion. He condemns Bnssophobia, and contends that England has no moral right to go to war to prevent Russia from taking possession of Con stantinople, in order simply to protect British interests. The work was evidently written before the change came over the English mind with reference to Russian conduct and aims, as it «vw?faiini? no reference to this alteration of feeling on the part of the British public. In abomination of Turkish misrule and vileness, however, the KngHuh people are at one with Mr. Jenkins, and he: has done good service by desenbingin glowing but truthful language, not merely the Bulgarian horrors, but the ordi nary and constant sufferings and outrages the Christian subjects of the Sultan have for ages bad to endure from the atrocious and degrading tyranny of the Turks. After the banquet in connection with the opening of the Pirie and Gladstone Railway, the Commissioner of Crown lands proceeded via Laura to the Wirrab?ra Forest Reserve, where the Surveyor-General, who was accom panying him had business as chairman of the Forest Board. They then went through Appila and Terowie to Jamestown, and from thence to Tatina, where the Com missioner raw Borne 20 of the selectors on the Black Bock Plain, and heard their state ments. The next (Saturday) morning the Commissioner examined the country, and ascer tained that while some of selectors had small crops, others had none at all, and in one or tiro cases thesettlere were endeavoring to impose on the Government. Mr. Carr went nearly to Pekina, and then turned round to tbe east, and travelled through the Hundreds of Morgan Vongalaand Elderatildo, which latter is now being surveyed. He then went to Terowie, where he saw tbe selections, and found that on a limited area the crops were almost an entire failure; thence to Yarcowte, where tin Sunday was spent. The Commissioner on Monday drove to the Bum, reaching Adelaide in the evening. As mentioned, Mr. Carr found some of the crops an entire failure, but these were only on a limited area, and were on land which last year yielded well, the crops in the neigh borhood of Terowie being then particularly good. The second year's instalment of pur chase money is due from some of tin selectors whose crops have failed, and it is likely, we believe, that tie Commissioner wfll in these cases suspend forfeiture. Besides the Surveyor- General, the Commissioner was accompanied by Deputy-Inspector Worhum. On Wednesday next Mr. Carr proposes to leave town to com plete his tour of inspection. He intends to visit the Hundreds of English and Meales and the adjoining country. "An application was made to die Supreme Court on Monday,' 1 " says the Austra towTtof December 9, "on behalf of Mr. Thomas Bent, far a mandamus to compel tiie City Council to admit him as councillor for Lons dale Ward. The last election for the ward took place a month agq, when there were twe candidates—Mr. Paterson (the retiring coun cillor and then mayor elect) and Mr. Bent, tin former of whom was declared elected under circumstances that are well known. It was con tended by Mr. Bent that under the Corporation Act the mayor; elect held an "office" in the gift of the council, and as such was disqualified from being elected a councillor; and, secondly, that as mayor elect be was a councillor ex officio, and being already a councillor he could not stand for the vacancy. The court overruled the objections, and refused to grant the application. Another phase of the case was then presented in the shape of an application against Mr. G. D. Carter, another councillor for the ward, «Jli«g on h?"? to show by what authority he held the position of councillor. The Corporation Act requires that there shall be an election of councillor for each ward annually, and that the councillor who has been longest in office shall retire each year. Mr. Paterson was tbe councillor who had held office for tile longest time without re-elec tion, and, bat for tie fact of his being chosen mayor elect, there would have been no diffi culty. As the Act, however, provided that if any councillor whose term of office would ex . pire before the 9th November were elected mayor elect, he should continue to be coun cillor for a year after the expiry of his office as mayor, it was argued that Mr. Paterson did not retire at all this year, and that he was not to retire till a year after lie had ceased to be mayor. But it was urged that some one must retire, and as Mr. Carter was the one who had been longest in office next to Mr. Paterson, it was hfe turn to retire. The Court decided to consider the -matter before granting the role. 'The Supreme Court gave judgment on the ap .plication on Tuesday. The Court held that ,Mr. Carter was not bound to vacate his seat, and therefore refused the application made against him. The trip of the Parliamentary party, about whose proceedings we have published telegraphic accounts from day to day, closed on Monday evening, December 11. The South Australian left Port Lincoln about 5 o'clock on Sunday evening, but on getting out into the open sea she ran into such dense smoke, caused by extensive bush fires, that it was deemed ad visable to run back and anchor for the night in SpaMingGove. This was done, and when night bad come ihe spectacle presented by the fires on tiie land surrounding the Cove was exceed ingly grand. The steamer started for Port Adelaide at 4 o'clock on Monday morning, and Reached Glenelg about half-past 5 in the even ing. Here she landed some of her passengers, tiie -steam-launch Fury coming out for tiie purpose; hot tiie majority went "on to Port j Adelaide, where a special train was in readiness j to convey them to the citju The South Aus tralian is, in every respect, an excellent vessel. She is capable of mniring 14 knots an hour with ease, her machinery being of ihe latest and best description; and her cabins are I simply superb, while .her general appearance : aad appointments as a whole are wellnigh perfect. She is in charge of Captain Boo&by;, ] a gentleman who is well fitted for the position j by a genial manner aad his ability as aseaman. Understanding thoroughly what his ship can ! do, he controls her movements with ease; and, having confidence himself iahk vessel, he in spires confidence in his passengers. The health of Captain Bootfcby was included amongst a number of toasts drunk by ihe party as the ' steamer was approaching Glenelg. He was re ferred to in the wannest terms by the Com missioner of Public Works (Hon. John Colton), who proposed the toast, and what Mr. Colton said was warmly endorsed by his hearers. An address was also presented to Captain Boothby, signed by all the members of Parliament on board. It appears in our advertising columns. Captain Boethby, in returning thanks, expressed Gratification that his conduct had met with approbation, and stated that he hoped he might have the pleasure of retaining tiie command of the South Australian. There can be no Qoubt that this steamer with the "Victorian Bow on the way out will become favorites in the intercolonial trade. They are admirably fitted! or the service,andbeing rapid?aUers,wfll, th?re^ererjr reason tobelieve,bewell_paironiaed by passengers. Amongst tiie other toasts honored were "The Hon. John Colton, 1' and ?The Ministry," who were complimented on Jjavingarranged such an exceedingly enjoyable $rip, the Commissioner of Public Works being tpecially thanked for the successful tn^"??r in which the arrangements bad been carried out. It was staled "that the useless expenditure of much money might be prevented by members of Parliament milking personal inspections of < localities, and tint the cost of the present trip was modi mote than compensated for by the j knowledge which had been acquired. At this toasting Sir Geo. 8. Kingston presided, and his health was very heartily drank. The trip, which extended from early on Wednesday morning, December 6, till Monday evening, during which time Port* Pirie, Augusta, Wallaroo, and Lincoln, as wellas vartoosialsaa places were visited, was exceedingly pleasant throughout. We quite agree with the legis lators that what ib spent in enabling them to gain knowledge which will be useful to them in Parliament and prevent moneybeingthrown away is, apart from the man smut in corpore stmo argument, judiciously expended, aad likely to be productive of lasting good. The anniversary services in connection with the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-ctreet, were continued on Monday evening, December U, by tea and public meet ings, which were moderately attended. Mr."W. T. Foster presided at the latter gathering, and in his opening speech attributed the sparseness of the attendance to a similar anniversary in connection with the Primitive M«Hyfli*tr Church, which prevented many from attending, i Healso regretted that the treasurer would be unable to present a dean balance-sheet that evening, and he hoped that the congregation would make greater efforts towards the re moval of the church debt. The Rev. M. J. Birke (minister of the church) read the annual report, which showed that the total in come of the trust account was £307 10s. Sd., and the total expenditure £351 6s. 4|d. The society account applied to incidental expenses and minister's stipend had an income of £153 17b., and an expenditure of £438 18s. 2£d. There were now 55 members in the church, 12 being on trial, 100 Sunday scholars, 10 teachers, and seven tract distributors. The debt on the church w&b;£2,ooo, and he trusted that strenuous exertions would be made to lessen it. Daring the year the church, he believed, had been spiritually prosperous, and though the atten dance was still not what it should be, he was glad to say that it was undergoing decided improvement. The Rev. S. Knight delivered a very interesting lecture on " The Sun," in which he eloquently described tfaedistance, the mags, and the general constitution, of that luminary his description of the volcanoes and eruptions of the sun ez citing particular interest. He referred, in con clusion, to the probable destiny of the great centre of our solar aystom. The sun was of such grandeur and stupendous magnitude that , it was no wonder that it bad been tfae first object of idolatry after the fall, and even now, so great was its glory aad power, that they could not help feeling a kind of reverence, awe, aad love for it. When they knew that this magnificent luminary, and all the solar system, were doomed to destruction, should it sadden them? He thought not. The Scriptures told them of a new heave* and a new earth, where righteousness should dwell. Son-force was wonderful, but still more wonderful were mind-force and will-force, the forces exercised by God. If the Creation was bo glorious, how much more glorious was He who made it, and if the results were so grand and mrfuL how grand and awful mutt be He who caused them. Man was grander than the Universe, as the Creator was grander than . His creatures. The prerogatives of life consciousness, and immortality, made *"«" infinitely greater than inanimate matter, however; magnificent in its forms, and be thought that if there had been no in telligent God to worship, be would have reverenced the grandest ideal he could find in human nature. Men should reverence all j around them and themselves. The lecture was listened to with much interest, and at its close the rev. gentleman was loudly applauded* Votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. Knight and the chairman. Daring the evening several hymns were nicely sung by the Sunday soholarsL j The entire proceeds of the anniversary have • been about £40. A musical tod literary entertainment ' will be given this evening in the Hmdmarsh Square schoolroom ineid of the school building fund. A musical and dramatic entertainment will be given at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, this evening by the membera of the St. Andrew's Young Men's Society and others in aid of the Convalescent Hospital. An entertainment in aid of the funds of the Glenelg Institute is to be given this evening, in the lecture-hall, Gienelg. A capital programme has been prepared, and as the object 18 a laudable one, there will nodoobt be a Luxe attendance. The farewell performance of the Brothers Davenport, Professor Eay, and Mr. B. D. Davies wiU be given in White's Booms this evening. This is the last appearance of these gentlemen in Adelaide, as they leave for Melbourne by the Cland Hamilton on Wednesday. The programme of the concert to be ! given by the Adelaide Amateur Musical Union I on Thursday next is a very attractive one, and j ■as the entertainments provided by this society I jave bo deservedly popular, we have no doabt the attendance will be large. We observe that the society's subscription lists are still open. There was a good house at the Theatre ! £eyal on Monday evening. The stalls, pit, and j gallery were well filled, and there was a fair • attendance in the boxes. A considerable change ■was made in the programme, which began with j a well-enstained comedietta, "The Pink Domino," by Mr. and Mrs. T. Brnpsoo. This was followed by the performance of the en tranced lady, to which Dr. Silvester had added some novelties. Dr. Peel went on to the stage at the invitation of the Fakir, and witnessed \ him w cause the lady by the use of a fan to rise I into a horizontal position," her elbow only ' resting on the rod. The programme announced I that he would cause her "at his will to follow nim, making a complete circle of the stage," bat this was not done, as her elbow still remain ing on the rod, she only made a circle, of which toe rod was &.t centre. Dr. Peel announced "that he could discern nothing to guide him as to how it was done. The lion "Leo" was Introduced on the stage, and crested as much wonder as on bis previous appearance in Ade laide. Miss Daisy Silvester appeared with her performance of " Masks aod faces," and caused considerable amusement. The musical portion of the entertainment was contributed by Madame Silvester and Mr. and Mrs. Empsoa, who were very successful in their efforts, Madame Silvester being particularly good in the shadow song from " Dinorak." The ghost dramietta of "Lost in the Forest" followed, and the entertainment dosed with the ever attractive fairy fountain. «? 