Btaii© mi F-ragi. ENGLAND. NEW CHURCH OP THE ENGLISH MAETYES, TOWER HILL. It was a happy thought to dedicate the lirst church erected close to the spot crimsoned by the first blood shed for the faith under the tyrannical Henry to the memory of the Eng lish martyrs, and a no less happy coincidence to choose for its solemn dedication the feast of St. Alban, tho proto-Martyr of Britain, and tbo anniversary of the martyrdom ot the vonerable Cardinal Fisher, the Bishop of Rochester, who laid his head on the block rather than yield one iota of supremacy he owed to tho Vicar of Christ. Three hundred and fifty-one years have parsed since that period, and at last a noble church has risen up in the metropolis to proclaim and per petuate tho faith of our 2G0 glorious English martyrs. The church is situated in Great Prescot Street, and forms a parrallelogram 101. by 00. It is erected in tho early decorated or (what tho lamented architect used to call) the 'Victorian style.' The front contains a noble window with rose in tho top, with double doorways underneath, and flanked by a cross«surmountod turret 106 feet high. Tho interior lias a grand and imposing appsaranco from ito loftii era (-I7 feet) and tho vaulted ceiling, a groat improvement upon the open wooden roof. Tho site being shallow, it was neeossary to oroet a triforinm or gallery which rounds the church as far as tho transepts. This feature has been so architecturally treated that it is iar from being an eyesore, as most galleries are, aud accommodation for some hundreds moro worshippers is thus obtained. For the same reason, the chancel is rather shallow, but has a magnificent, lofty, seven 'light window, with rose window above ; the altar and fittings are temporary. On each side of the chancel arch are niches with figures of our Blessed Lady and St. Joseph. The chapel on the epistle side is dedicated to tho. Holy Ghost, and has a marvellously beautiful and delicately carved reredo?. The chapol of tho Blessed Virgin on tho Goupel aide still wants its fittings. Beyond this, over the sacristies, is tho organ gallery. Though built in between houses tho church is well lit by am pie clerestory windows. Tho edifico is built of brick faced with yellow malins and box-ground atono dressing. The arcades are of Bath 3tone, with columns of polished Besobrook granite, and the interior fittings are of pitch pino polished. DISTINGUISHED CONVERTS SINCE THE EEF03MA7S0F. QMarshallal Turenne, of France, (1611-1675) born a Calvinist. John Walker, author of a pronouncing dictionary. Werner, a great German Dramatist, who became not only a convert, but a priest. Mother Seton (Mrs. Elizabeth Seton. 1774). was born in New York, and was a daughter of Dr. Richard Bayley. She joined the Catholic Church in 1805, and founded the well-known aud widely esteemed house of tho Sisters of Charity at St. Joseph's, Emmifcsburg, Maryland, tho Mother House of that Order in tho United States. This was in the year 1800. She died in 1821. Her grandson is Monsignor Seton, D.D. Cardinal Duperron, born at St. Lo, France, in 1556, and a Calvinist, was converted in 1575, and died in 1618. Frederick William Faber (1814—1863), was born in Yorkshire, and was ordained a minister of the Established Church of England in 1830, and joined the Catholic Church in the year 1845. He was one of the large number of English converts, disciples of Drs. Newman and Pusey, who entered the Church in that and the few following years. In the year 1848 he joined the Oratory of St. Phillip de Neri, and became Superior of the London Oratory at Brompton, whore he remained till tho time of his death, 1S03. His works are beautiful, numerous, and very popular. Tho chief of them are 'All for Jesus,' ' Growth of Holiness,' ' Spiritual Conferences,' ( Bethlehem,' ' The Blessed Sacrament.' 'Creator and Creature,' and 'The Precious Blood.' He was also an exquisite poet, and his hymns are sung all over the English speaking world. He was a most holy priest and religious. Adelaide Ann Proctor (1827— 1804). Miss Proctor was born in London. She was the daughter of Bryan Proctor, better known as Barry Cornwall. She wrote a number of beautiful poems, known and admired \- wherever tho English language is spoken, , and from the time of her conversion devoted herself to works of charity. Hon. and Rev. George Spencer (Father Ignatius) born iu 1799, and joined the Catholic Church in 1830. Ho was the pioneer of the great movemont into the Catholic Church that has taken place of late years in Englandahis conversion taking place in 1830. He was the brother of Earl Althorp and uncle of Earl Spencer, resigned an income of £15,000 a year to become a poor missionary. He was an intimate friend of Father Mathew, the great Apostle of Temperance. Ho died in 1864. Augustus Welby Pugin, the restorer of Gothic Architecture in modern limes, and the designer of the Palace of Westminster, where the English Houses of Parliament as semble. Died in 1852. The Lord Abbot of Mount St. Bernard's Cistercian Abbey of Lulworth, Enghnd, the Right Rev. Bernard Palmer, was converted to the Catholic faith in 1806, consecrated in 184S) the firafc Abbot in England sinco the Reformation. }io died in 1852. Hon. and Rev. Charles Reginald Paken inm M?«if1inv ~P:'ml^ linvn in 1 8'}1 snn nf flip Earl of Longford, nephew of the Duke of Wellington. Ho entered the Catholic Church in 1850, and became a Passionist Father and devoted himself to missionary work in Dublin, dying in 1857. —Boston Pilot. DECENT CONVERSIONS. Our (Globe) Oxford correspondent tele graphs :— The most recent pervert to the Church of Rome, the Rev. Win, Lovell, is a graduato of the University of Oxford. He was a scholar of Exeter College, took a second-class in classical moderations in 1868, and a third-class in the final schools of Literal Humanioris in 1S70. Mr. Lovell was ordained to the curacy of Wantage, in 1873, by the present Bishop of Oxford. The Free man of 14th June says : — Two more conver sions of Oxford clergymen arc announced to day. They are those of the Rev. Edmund S. Grindle, M.A., curate of St. Paul's, Brighton and the Rev. Frederick W. Willis, curate of Brooking, the late vicar of All Saints' Church, Wellingborough. Mr. Willis is the third clergyman who has been converted to the Catholic Church within the last week. It is stated that ' Presbyter Anghcanus,' whose pamphlet suggesting a Uniat Church created such excitement a few months ago, is none other than the Rev. E. S. Grindle. PATIENT JOHN BULL. Prince Arthur is marked out by common consent as tho nest General Commanding in-Ohief, whenever the necessity for a new one— may the day be distant — arrives. His Royal Highness went to Gibraltar, as we understood, to learn practically his duties as brigade-major. Shall we _ be accused of disloyalty if we hint that his voyages on the yatch Vega are a little too frequent to permit mm rair opportunity or acquiring Knowledge of his profession ? He has already been to Malaga and Tangiers, and nov? he is off on a three weeks' trip to'Algier?. Brigade-majors do not usually get leave so freely.— Home News. CATHOLICITY AND THE NEGEO. Mr. Edward W. Blyden, a full-blooded negro resident in Liberia, has contributed to an English magazine an article on ' Christianity and the Negro Rape,' in which ne discusses tne relative claims oi tne Catholic and Protestant churches to the respect and allegiance of the negro. A perusal of history, he thinks, must impel the intelligent Protestant negro to acknowledge the deep debt of gratitude his race owes to the Catholic Church. The only Christian negroe3 that freed themselves and kept their freedom — tho Haytians —were Catholics, and the greatest negro the Christian world has yet produced — Touissaint L. Ouverture — was alco a Catholic. There are numerous negro saints in the Catholic calendar, but Pro'estantism has not found or even took a great light among the coloured race. A negro in the sixteenth century, in Granada, Spain, rose to tho rank of professor, married a lady of that city, and when ho died she creeled a monument to him in the cathedral. Many instances of honours conferred on negroes in uaunouc countries are auuuueu uy Mr. Blyden, but he concludes that ' under Protestant rule, the negro is kept in such a state of tutolage and irresponsibility that he can scarcely fail to be constantly dependent, and, therefore, in an emergency, useless.' POLITICAL ACTIVITY OF CATHOLICS IN ENGLAND. A parochial election, says the (London) Weekly Register, has seldom, if ever,- been contested with such vigour as that which has just taken place in the parish of Fulhara. Six candidates, amongst whom was Mr. lierno Mugford, the organizing register of the Catholic Union, who, failing to enlist the services of a qualified Catholic in the parish, came forward to do battle for ouv friends. On the day of election the greatest excite ment prevailed. According to the West London Advertiser:—' The interest evinced in this election was far greater than ever previously known in the district ; in fact, ifc would be no exaggeration to say that throughout the metropolis a parochial elec tion has never been so severely contested.' The result showed the efforts made on be half, of each candidate. Between the first six — viz., tho successful candidates—there v/as only ft difference of of twenty- five votes, Mr. Mugford, tho Catholic candidate— who polled 509 — coming in fourth. We undem stand that the general result of the parochial election in Chelsea has been to materially increase Catholic representation on the local ' boards. ? ? i ? 