&%\xqz8 from Jke GEOFFRY GRABTHORN. Assuredly we have a newsensation this week an die elevation of the Attorney General ■ to .the post of' Ohief 1 Justice, but after all I don't see that there is anything in the Ministerial move which should create any very, great excitement. "Whether the old Judges should be promoted or a new one put over their headB is too abstruse a question for my non-legal mind, and if /this is to be argued let those who are ; posted up in the law.and the facts lead off and tell us what they have to say. . Moreover, it is a question which nine: days hence' will interest -about three men. in the colony and no 'more. "Why then should I trouble my head about itl If I were autocrat of the province perhaps Tmight cut the Gordian knot by decreeing that there should be no such wing as; a Chief Justice at aU that alL the Judges shbuld be equal 'on the Bench, and walk in to dinner on State occasions according to seniority Butwould be revolutionary, land meantime I take off my hat to my new Chief Justice1, sincerely hoping it may neVer 'be my; lot to "appear before, him. Indeed, if Imight bestow a wish upon him, which is more mannerly than it seems, it is that nobnemtay evertakepart.in a ciyil actibhin his presence, or have Jtb listen to a sentence fiom his lips. Th^'sounds so much like^ actual *osteacism—jiB^;- the way, u-is" ndt the whole colony'just' now suffenng ostra-schism by the cutting off of its oystera"?]—that if the wish came true we shotild; have to say of the Chief Justice;— v, ; " Bis sool was'like a star and dwalt aparfcj' But only think what a blessing it would be; for my. wish implies the absolute cessa tion' Of. ciime. and quatrelling in the land under, the guidance of a more excellent Way, +As to complimenting the Attorney General oh. his • well- earned increase of dignity, J "confess ~ that I can; only -do .so atTfecondhimd^.;for personally we;are strangers.'- Wherefore I leave that to the PressVyio'have*, done it so kindly that, to bOirOw a phriise from their ^printers, it is," 7, clear "they have no; mah. to cO^kr theirtfWay's-goose. . I. must confess ; to, an riireverent smile when* I picture in my , mind's eye the hew Chief. Justice.'presiding between the towering forms'^f .his two learned colleagues; but even here if is'eohsoling 'to know not only that in future the,decisions of -the full CourtA1will be well Way'd, but . also that according' to the old. "Latih proverb the Gov&ininent; haye made' a. wise appoint ment, ^te"tc)'put ,Way in the middle is surely,%or choose"ijbe"."«ia inedih,') To which «laSiig6al conundrum; let me - add; the 'Idndi^,'lope, "that though our Way !is -£lW' ah, f^ppy .'un, he will never go to, Bpme.J As no: the political pros pects . ci 'the' tame, " I .could prophesy abundantly" ahd . accurately provided I had gdt 'a ■ hint 'beforehand^ Without this, and .without the ghost of pn; idea who Su^to be the .Premier's future "col leagues,1^ I" boldly hazard the prediction that iiow Mr. Boucaut has lost his Way, there Wtil'sbbn'be More-gone after.'. The following' remarkable narrative of comrahdications: with the spirit world came to hand in - good time to " have appeared. in my last week's Echoes;had your Geoffry been so mindedj but for cogent reasons, I preferred to hold it over until! a mbre. convenient "season,- which seemS now td "have arrived. ^Merely premising that the truly astounding statements are . vouched for by an Adelaide "gentleman of a high order of intelligence, of good.education and sound'.common sense, who has lately returned from a brief visit to the sister colony"-of' Victoria, "I now leave him to speak for himself" without further comment ' AMONG THE SPIRITS. ; Br ah Impabtial JEnquibeb, It is.not uncommonly urged by intelligent, anti-spiritualists that one of tbe most convincing arguments against the genuineness of the so called manifestations withoutwhich no spiritual stance is now considered complete is to be found in the lamentable trash and nonsense'that the spirits' utter. You call up Milton, and his poetry is-on a par with an advertising tailor's. -Yon summon •• Demosthenes, mid his orations remind you of Councillor Holland. Such, I mnBt • admit, has too often been the case, and there fore it is with more than ordinary interest that I hasten to' confront the sceptics with the crushing results of my experience. In doing this I shall •' a plain unvarnished tale unfold," adducing thoroughly trustworthy evidence—that, in short, cf my own eyas and ears—that the spirits of de ceased poets do under certain favourable circum stances inspire the medium to recite verses equal in genius and beauty to any of their former earth born compositions. A week ago I was' in Mel bourne, and while there enjoyed the honour and proud privilege of being present at a series of four spiritual stances conducted by a gentleman whose genial demeanour adorns the Bar, whose house is' replete with the choicest spirits, and who can distinguish blindfold between their different taps. What i there and then saw and heard is futhfully detailed below. FIBST JTVEHING. The room having been darkened, the circle was about to be formed when a stranger blandly enquired whether, if spirits were wanted, a little "square" would not do as weU. .; For this offensive remark he was promptly expelled, together with another person who profanely laughed. We then formed the mrcle, the medium assumed a rigid and unearthly aspect, and very shortly our host solemnly informed us that the spirits werein the room. I wondered whether we were expected to help; ourselves, but thought it. best* to say nothing. At this j unoture the medium announced " Mr. Bdgar Allan Poe," much as a footman would usher in a visitor. A subdued murmur of excitement and applause was instantly checked, and the distinguished visitor, after trying a few. taps upon-the fable,and making a sound as if smacking his lips, delivered himself as follows:— Xogab Allan Poe, It was many and many a year ago In the Country of the Free, That a poet thereliyed by the name of Foe, The name that belongs to me; And thispoet he lived with no other thought Than to muse when Bemused with tea. They raid that this child was rather wild La that Country'of the Free, That I drank with A thirst that was more than thirst Bat all that I drank was tea. With a thlirat that the tippling fish of the ooean - Openly envied me. And this was the reason that long ago, In that Country of the Free, A doctor drove'to my door forbidding My favouritebeverage, tea; £o that my kinsmen eame and took My caddy away from me. And looked it op in the chiffonier And eraelly kept the key. For enemies, not half so clever as I, „ Were evermore envying me— And that was thereason, as all men knew In that Country of the Free, That the doctor drove to my door one day Chiding, and hiding my favourite tea. But my thirst it was stronger by far than the lock Or the wonderful patent key— Or the cautiously-guarded key; And neither the doctors who quaff bright hock Nor the topers who driuk P.B. Can ever dissever my lips from the sips Of my favourite beverage, tea. For the fire never gleams, but besile it tbere ' steams A. pot of my favourite tea; And my friends where I dine never offer me wine, - For I sti-k to my favourite tea. And oh, how I long, these spirits among, For a mouthful—one mouthful, hot, sugared and strong; For I never touch spirits, vou see, Though a spirit myself, as yj>u see., ... BECJOND EVENUfa. Only four wen present besides the host and the medium.- The latter I had not seen before. - He was a sentimental young man with long Sowing locks and a turn-down .oollar veiy open about the throat, which was encircled by a loose scarf tied in a sailor's knot. After a few moments of suppressed excitement the medium rose and declared himself possessed by. the spirit of the late Lord Byron. At first he seemed averse to speak and muttered in a sarcastic tone something which sounded like "D——canters round the table." At this insult I felt strongly moved to punch his head, but fortunately remembered that His Lordship had taken lessons friom a professed pugilist. After a long pause the noble shade favoured the cirole with the appended poem :— Lord Byron. - Start not!—Although you're shooked perhaps! In me behold a spirit proud - Who holds in scom the senseless raps Indulged in by the common crowd. I lived, 1 love d, 1 sang, and all My life seemed one long wild rotnance: Yet now at each eld fogey's call My spirit must attendance dance. Better to sleep obscurely tar, Than knock out answers word by word To questions which it strikes me are - To say the least of it absurd. Though-once my fervid verses made My name renowned in distant climes; • Yet now alas ! my luckless.shade' Mori; substitute, riide raps for rhymes. ' Ask while you may! Another race Of self-deceiving dupos, may be. Some day will sit here in your place, " And plague you as you bother me. THIRD EVENING. The customary circle having beenformed, our host requested' the. medium to call upon the spirit of Tom Moore.- The distinguished Irish man introduced himfeelf "with the 'felicitous observation, - " the Moore the merrier," and broke oat at once into the accompanying convi vial song, in the chorus of which we felt irresfstibly constrained to join. As I am no singer I resisted the impdlse.at first, but several rape on my head showed that this was displeasing to the spirits, and I no longer refrained. As the song proceeded strange steaming fames seemed to fill the air; and as the last chorus died away the whole circle sank beneath the table. I woke next morning with a bad headache:— Tom Moore. Stir the bowl, And, bless my spul! A lemon can't you find me ? I've ta'en a flight To earth to-night, And left the stars [behind me. Should it seem queer My voice to fafear, Andjnot to see my body, £To danger dread, Though'long since do id, Tom Moore still takes his toddy. Then stir the honi, Ac, The leers of old, - So I am told, . v . o Who called up ancient, spirits, Drank water pure; My shade, rmsure, " A warmerwelcometnerita. Ah 1 boys, 'tis.you :: - Know how. to'dp The thing in better fashion; On helplesshoata Of thiraty ghosts You meet to take eoinpaBaion. . Then stir tire bowl, fro. • FOURTH EVENING. A real Walpurgis night 1 Twenty persons were present, and a whole host of distinguished spirits crowded into the room. Violent raps and other striking: communications were recorded from Campbell, Horace, Hood, Dante, Molibre, Mflton, and Lord Macanlay. Last of all and just as the stance was about to break up the following characteristic composition flowed impromptu from . the medium's pen guided by the visible spirit-hand of Robert Burns:— Robert Burns. Wow < bat your summons made me vauntie! And are yehale and weelaud eantie! I'm nnoo' tired wi' my bit janntte Up here fra.Hades. Heaven send ye all as weel's I want ye, And your kind ladies. And now that ye hae got me here Whar I bae been this auohty year Aiblinn my friens ye'd.like to spier, Wi tic like questions; But did ye ken, 'twould spoil, I fear, Your guid digestions. Tak' my advice—let ghaisties be, And gie up a' your tricks so elee; Be sure the warld lost ticht o' me At Death's last partin'; And speerit rappin's amy ee' \- And Betty Martin. Here I may fairly end my narrative, for the strict accuracy of which I solemnly pledge my word. 1 may add that I have been a teetotaller from my birth, never having either tasted or even smelt alcohol in any form, so that I oan disdain any vulgar jckes about my having bean under the influence of spirits. The magnetic effects of the circle reached their maximum with me on the third evening, but the sensations were always of a similar character, and quite ner in my experience. This in itself I regard as a strong proof of the actual presence of the spirits, blot being ashamed of my testimony I openly sign myself Verdant Green. An advertisement informs me that " a marble mason is wanted/' and it is also stipulated that he must " cut letters." Now, I'm sorry to hear this. A marble mason must necessarily he a "hard" man, and we do not want hard men in this world any more than we want "90ft" ones. But worst of all is the inti mation that he will have to " cut" letters. Can the advertiser be so opposed to the march of - intellect . as to insist that the hlan he engages must eschew two at least of the three It's? Our Education Act is specially designed for those who have hitherto cut their letters, and this obstructive, not to say tyrannical, 'individual should be closely looked after. I trust the marble mason wiH insist on being allowed to take a " spell" now and then, and thus he may remedy the evils arising from the terms of his engagement. Besides, if his employer requires him to cut letters altogether, how can he expect that he will .ever mind his P's and Q's. 