A G&ost; of a Clianee. (Frnn f.v JTIWSTY JK«MT..VS..5 CHAPTER I:J. It is sl~ story as old as the hills-how that 1 the deepest schemes tuan ntav in-rent are at best it the mercy of any one o: ths thousand accidents to which tutu-.anity is liable. '-. The list thin; that srlgh: Old Ton:-.-,- was sjiia oa>. of bed ar.i ca his knees at thec»t> hoard bidding the little printer g^vi-ntght. and begging a:::; :o keep his courage up. Before morning the demon of rheumatt?::!. in revenue for the slight put <>n him. hat ' seined the poor o!; cobbler neck and heeli. and sentenced hi-.u to fever as we.li, so that ; his wicked wife. Sndiug htta in such sad plight, next momlnc sent tor the parish doc- , tor. aa«i that functionary. t.-> me hints elf . trouble. snd with Mother Idol's :Y.li consent. > signed an order tor hts immediate retnoral to the workhouse tsSrotsrv t and thither, with ; his poor brain too much distracted to know much about the matter. pcor Tommy was forthwith oenveyed. Three days aftir.vards Josh sr.d his tttothsr Sit over tl.v fire w exacting -.vhr $..utibcdy dio not cc-tue. They bad expected him aid ask. according to his reply to the letter that had been seat hits : but dusk hid set in dve hours, ago. Another and stii. anotherhour passed. " He won't come to-ni^ht. that's a sure thing." re- j marked Mother ld.->!. as St. Luke's Church j ws heard ehitaitif eleven. J Bat she hid scarcely spoken the words .' when there came a harried, scrambling ! knock at the outer door. and a pushing ! against it as though of someone despsrately j driven for hasty admittance. Mother Idol : took the candle a;:d hurried to open it. and ?' as she did so. a man with his hand to his head came staggering, as though far gone in driuk, into her arms almost, But it was not a. drunken man. It was the impatiently ex pected S.tmsbody, and by the light of her candle .Mother ldoi saw that his cloak was tors at the and stained with mire, and that his face was deadly white, except on one side, down which blood was quickly trickling. < " Let me in, for God's sake "" said the .stranger faintly. I have been beset by 'ruffians in a street hard by here, who would hara robbed- murdered me. I believe, had I not been strong enough to resist them." Mother Idol and Josh between them took him ihto the parlor and got some water to bathe his -wound, an ugly one just above tlit? right temple, and evidently inr.scted with a heavy bludgeon. While the womvn busied herself in bindingii with his pocket-handker chief, Josh fetched some brandy, and after partaking of which the stranger became more composed. " A murderous neighbourhood tV.is, mis tress," he presently remarked moodily. (It was the first time he bad spoken siaee he begged to be let in.) " It is uiv las; errand here, I hope. Tell me. is it i" " Unless tou should feel inclined at anv time to pay a friendly visit to them as his served you faithful," replied Mother Idol with a grin, at the same time glancing slyly at Josh. "Speak plainly, I am hi no humour tor iririiug. Bat stay-who is this fellow I Ho is not in your confidence, I suppose ?" " He is my own son, sir." replied Mother Idol, rubbiug her bony hands one over the other, "and he knows all about it." " About what "About the boy." replied Mother Idol, dropping her roioe. " HVs gone." "Dead, do you mean ; Of what did he die, pr-ay P It seemed such a strange question under the circumstances that Mother Idol for a few moments could only stare at Josh and he at her. Brutal Josh was no: long at a loss for a lie. What did he die of i" he repeated: " why, ha died o: these, mister." aud as he spoke he laid his two great hands, palms up wards. ilat on the table. The stranger started with such sudden violence that his wound took to bleeding afresh, as was betokened by the instant ap pearance of a bright crimson patch on the white handkerchief with which his head was bound. My God !'*' he exclaimed, covering his eyes with his hands. ''Mot-not murdered j" " You shouldn't have asked the question if you was afearu to hear the answer," re plied Josh, winking at his mother. " What do say. old woman <" I say," replied Mothtr Idol,'1 that what's done can't oe undone : and that what's done we'ii and without any fuss should be paid for cheerful." " Y> here's-wherc's the body the visitor asked in so strangely altered a voice that it scarcely seemed the same. * Where have you hid it ; 1 must see it." Mother Idol laughed. '' Do vou kiU'w what you're asking F she said." " We've told you too much already. Bo satisfied that you have been served faithful and thai he has gone, and will never trouble you Kgaiu. its done, anyhow. You wouiuu't j nave ana back t-J life again, I suopus-_ | " 1 would- I would, woman," cried the stringer, rising to his feet with startling suddenness. 4» His murder is mine. jio"t yours. It is tuc-se hanas and not your son's ' that are stained with his innocent blood, j Do you say I w.mld not wipe my eon ! science clean of a crime so horrid if I Could | do so ! Try me. Tell me that you are cheat | iug me ' Show me the child alive, and with j in two days I av.ear that I will pay you ten j times iltty pounds, and thank you as well" i But in reply to this passionate appeal Josh i only looked away with a sulky scowl, and ! Motner Idol shrugged her shoulders sisjni ticanily. Tlie stranger sank down on to his chair again with a groan of despair. .' This ;ii:i*c business,'' growled Josh, drumming his shoulder-of-mutton fists on the table. " Where's the price, mister F The stranger, with a desperate etfort. roused himself, and taking from an inner pocket or his vest a small canvas bas. threw it down with a sounding chink about midwav i between motiier and son. Mother Idol was tlie quickest, though Josh's linger tip; rasped against the precious canvas. "Don't iet me see it!' cried the man. '. Take my word-if a murderer's word may be taken-that there are fifty pounds in gold in the bag Spare me the sight of the price of his blood, and let. me a way from from '.' But ia the act of grasping his cloak, he staggered heavily and fell to the ground, and lay there without motion. '. We shall make a thundering mess of it after all if we don't mind," Josh remarked after they had vainly tried to restore him to consciousness. " It's that crack on his head that has done it. Shall I fetch the doctor i" That would be making bad worse," re plied Mother Idol; " we want no doctors 1 help. Perhaps he'll be better if he lies down for an hour or two-until the morning for that matter. Yes ; it will be better for him and us that he should stay till the morning L=t us carry him to the back-room and lay h::ii on tue old man's bed, and we'll get a sleep here without taking our clothes off ; if he stirs wc shall hear him." A ad in a few minutes the suggestion was adopted, a lighted candle being left burniucr on Angy's little stool by the fender. 