An Actress Responding. MRS. STIRLING, who, until she retired, was perhaps thc most popular actress on the English stage, thus humourously re- turned thanks for the toast of her health, which was drunk at the Dramatic Fund Festival, held at Willis's Rooms, on Ash Wednesday. Mrs. Stirling, on rising to reply, was loudly cheered. She said : There was once-nay, I am happy to say there has been twice, in London, a man-an American-called Jefferson. I don't mean the Jefferson who was President of the United States, but the Jefferson, better known by his original name of Rip Van Winkle. If that illustrious Rip, some twenty - years ago, . had attended ' at this ^ dinner, and had been driven by the too loud tongue of his thrifty wife out of this room because he insisted on giving too much to the Dramatic and Equestrian Sick Fund,-as, of course, that reckless and delightful dog would have been sure to do-^and, failing the Catskill Mountains, had wandered forth into St James's Park, and there, after a carouse with the ghost of Hendrik Hudson, had slept a sleep of twenty years, and thence been awakened by some bobby of the future and ordered to " move on" like poor Jo, what changes would have met his eye! At West- minster, where he remembers a sqnalid fringe of tumbledown hovels and mud banks, a stately hospital stares ,a still more stately House of Parliament in the face, the poor patients from the galleries' of the one comfortably contemplating the wealthier patients on the terrace of the other. Really one hardly knows which phase of suffering is the more worthy of our sympathy, that of the un- happy subjects of St. Thomas's surgery, or .of St. Stephen's eloquence. (Laughter.) The original Stephen was the first of Martyr ; now he takes it out by inflicting martrydom. {Renewed laughter.) He would find the dingy old mansion of the great Marlborough less enlivened by new red brick than by the presence of a beloved princess, and he .would have seen her children'on the look-out for papa, who is coming home with a tiger under each arin and an elephant in his pocket, and a large bale of pigskins. (Laughter and cheers.) In Trafalgar-square he would see Landseer's lions not merely in their places, but with their necks and backs worn smooth by the rough riding they have had in vindication of the indefeasible British right of public meeting. (Laughter.) Then what a host of new theatres !-two, out of three of them, I am told, doing an immense legitimate business, and, ten to one, an Othello-(cheers)-in full blast inside them. Other novelties would perplex the wandering Rip-skating-rinks, spell- ing-bees, &c; But there is one thing in which Rip would have found no change. If he left me in Willis' Rooms returning thanks for thé ladies and pleading the cause of this fund he would have found me, after his twenty years' sleep, at the same work still-(cheers)-like the daughter of the horseleech, uttering my annual cry of " Give, give !" a cry that I must utter, monotonous and melancholy as it may bc, so long as our profession contint' les so pre- eminently a precarious ' one, ¿ üvided, too often, alas ! unequally bet ween pros- perity and disappointment, willi their still sadder concomitants-destitution, sickness, and death. Dut i t is needless to sadden myself or you b? / this oft-told tale of need. You know how real and widespread the need is; ; you will give to 'its relief to-night, as you have aiways given, liberally. Mi : Chairman and gentlemen, you have di tunk my health as the mouthpiece of mj - sister artists, for which I thank you. . As I began with Rip, I will end with hin i, and so, " Here is your good helts, unt ; your family's, unt may dey live long unt i vosper." (Loud cheers).-English Papa -. 