POLICE CQUBT—ADELAIDE. Feidat, ShpteMbeb 15. : [Before Mr. S. Beddom6, P.M.I y Joseph Worrell, apprentic8,wa$-charged with BiisQQ&ductiDg; luma^ ^bity in the gesvice <& William James Webber and JatiiesHflgheSi plasterera, by disobeying orders on tho 5th of September. Mr. Dash wood for the prosecutor ; Mr. Smith for the defendant. It was states that on the day in question the defendant re* fused to continue his work, and the prosecutor told him he had better'go home. For the de fence it was sought to be shown that the prose cutor had neglected to teach the defendant hi* trade; that the prosecutor Webber had used! insulting language towards his appreutice; and that on the toy in question the boy only refused to do "laboring," and asked to be taught his trade. Mr. Smith submitted, in addition to these objec tions, that the indentures of apprenticeship went invalid, as they purported to be signed and sealed and were only signed, and the necessary counterpart had not been made (vide Bum's Justice I., 187). Prosecutor, cross- examined, stated that the defendant had asked him foe his Tapers, but had never reeeived them. Evidence was then given that prosecutor had called defendant a " ■ long ghost," and had kept; the defendant to "laboring." Defendant had been made to carry a hod, and to sift sand. Tho court considered the boy had doue wrong in dit* obeying orders, and that it was uureasotiablo for him to expect his master to keep him con tinually learning his trade. They also thought: that the indentures constituted a sufficient agreement of apprentice. Fined 10s. and costs. £1 in all. * Christian Wallschv.ita/, sheepfarmer, was charged with stealing about 61 sheep, the pro perty of John Gottlieb Jaensch and Williant Jaensch, sheepfarmers, Hundred of Dalrymple, Yorke's Peninsula. John Gottlieb Jeanach stated that the prisoner lived at Oakland?; his run adjoined witness's run, upon which there were about 800 sheep branded with tar, " G.J.U on the near shoulder. The 'sheep were also ear marked, and a number of them were brauded " J" with a firebrand on the nose. In conse quence of something his shepherd told him, witness counted his sheep in August last, and found a large number missing. On the 18th of August witness went Jwith his brother to prisoner's run. Asked prisoner if there were any of his sheep there. He mado no answer. Subsequently witness aud his brother noticed some of their sheep in prisoner's flock. They recognised them by their brands. The "J" on the nose had been obliteiated, aad replaced by an " O." Prisoner's sheep were marked on the right ear; those belonging to witness and his brother were marked on both ears. Later they met prisoner, and told him that they had found some of their sheen branded with his tar brand. They then showea him some of the sheep, and prisoner replied! that he had bought them from Mr. Ballard, s sheepfarmer in the Hundred of Dalrymple. Kemembered the case beingjheard at Edithburgh and identified some of the sheep then produced. Witness had previously seen them ou prisoner's farm. Suspected prisoner, because one of wit ness's ewes which had been missed came back to witness's run for itslamb.The nose mark had beea obliterated. William Jaensch, sheepfarmer, brother of the prosecutor, corroborated tho evi dence of the previous witness. He stated that he found over 90 sheep belonging to himself and his brother among prisoner's flocks. Johana Lehmann, shepherd, in the employ of tha prosecutors, said on the 23rd of March he had 1,107 sheep in his charge. In July he had only 325, and in August 248. The other* were drafted off to other parts of tho colony. On the 25tb of July he missed 25, 22 on tho 2nd of August,and lOon the 10th or lltli of August! Witness missed the sheep in the morning. They were yarded every evening about a mile and a half from witness's house. The sheep outsido the courthouse at Editliburgh witness saw pre viously on the property of prisoner. William Ballard, farmer, of the Hundred of Dalrymple, said he sold the prisoner 100 sheep on the 4th of July last. They were mostly ewes, aud had a half circle and B branded with paint ou their backs. Among the sheep claimed by Jaensch there were none that wituess sold to prisoner. Witness's sheep were not branded oa the nose. P.C.Todd,stationed at Yorketown,aaid he accompanied the Jaensch's to prisoner's rna on the 18th of August, and saw them identify their sheep. Witness arrested prisoner and hi* son on a warrant. Tho younger prisoner said he branded the sheep with a piece of fencing wire over the "J." The prisoner said he did not brand the sheep and knew nothing about it. By Mr. Dashwood—The prisoner was charged with the same offence at Edithborgh. The in formation was dismissed. His Worship (to Inspector Peterswald)—It appears that the in formation wa£ dismissed by the justices at Edithburgh. Why do you charge him again if Inspector Peterswald stated that the Crowai Solicitor was dissatisfied with the decision of the justices. It appeared that the information had been dismissed in con sequence of evidence given by prisoner'a wife, which had been taken illegally. Mr. Dashwood contended that his client had bee* treated harshly in having to answer a charge is one court when it had been dismissed in another. His Worship said as a rule he objected to try a man on information which had already beea disposedof in another court, but the present case, owing to the illegal evidence given ah Edithburgh, was a peculiar one. The prisoner, who made no statement, was committed foe trial at the present sessions of the Supremo Couit. Bail was refused. William Alfred, Wood, bookseller's assistant, was charged with leaving his aged father, William Wood, out of business, without ade quate means of support. The information was dismissed. The Superintendent of Telegraphs (Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G.) informs us that he received a telegram from Port Darwin, on Friday evening, September 15, stating that H.M.S. Barracouta had just arrived there. 