S ea? all thefesta?booodeioe ep g eM adream of b.i tUGS ;wq between earth. nmcisnt ehbothee, oh are roened fheb' sa ing and ear?fying htof bher pletured eoe to the hartsa of Christmas. It is s' otheir di,' anid one . atoi m, i fat', ie and Iwlblebe the eobtoset the Rast gare silent as. the all hi rt a.. that we ndt waderingsthat oF oe the remotest hourat baiffed ai she vainly Pe tmpefilq i darkness t,? i, to'ejer4orgotten twstem5 , ,Then itlI -then wedas imalwith oongaBtthe, td55'Uiit· of U onus maroWh: witblll , th,4kis*gshabk to vae innumemable array of his that heap deploying as if tonanotr,Trowlsdark and "o* 4kh -ong and dasolln At If ith ppearrpot nd .now criompan&ed; with lnsslo S.: mpeetoo noba: With and soft reoerdero' not breathing _, aii tahýaiagorti of bygone life an tLe hadowy wall before os, and iaiooged lwith " thoughts that, ti Coms, trackless come and 'go?: 'emoy , 'to?o?or aide, bearing in .er .ad..i p?lm: of imiglaatloo, through "hleh waloocinto the long vistas behind usn, ided ¢aih the old familiar formae, Sherish t'he more fondly that we may never ee them sOore; for then it is. St bhat se a irs usbaek the dead, .'. . inthe .veJ t 'le'h the oy ware. On tat day tbes mother thinks of her hi~lrm Nattered throuhh the world, and thedAep motionBs, of Ur heartare stirred: many a one that has ought a home in ter dsa , and is fain to own them a more epe bode, longs to be once more imons h merryopds in is chlldhood'e ,Ihloelo spreig.,wlhtýbe die of rea. 'lad all the birds in the .world I >fd01 '?Se hollyy Jo?gh.ook dov uiipon ~them shyppnes .How d]rer .ly burns the ,ke ian altar-forg9 where links of la ue wqldsd, never to be broken I What athilthe plelaht song sends through these nnocent hatdt.J:I?hat kindliness * eyea aa-, teyseel gathered i- u ]ahly well of ove, whioh . 't Obr ase time ln Oe arid S'_ere, beside that home !e, Serewe ofrten r lihoshe to 'd the martin'snest; th an- d adenerated, -for whom, years have pealed , .oemo hoear .se ,b I' ito. have ceased ý p. g/ ramseobet. To how many a reader of this will these remembrances recur -- remembranoes of old lands and old times-remembrances of a Ohristmas that Auotralia can never know f the days are dim in these old, beloved ecenes, the nights hold long and dreary sway, the windows are fretted with arabesques of frost, the wind is moaning with melancholy eound, the plains are covered with a snowy mantle,. and the woods are wreathed with Parian white. Everything around recalls to us the thousand associations which are attached inseparably to the season in our minds. But here, 'in Australia, all this is changed. Coming, as it does, in one of the brightest months of our bhrning summer, and appeal. ling by none of its natural surroundings to any of the sympathies which are linked with the traditional Christmas of our affections, it is impossihletlhat this festival couldl be celebrated in a similar manner. Some sturdy sticklers for antiquity may, it is tree, attempt to copy, even here the old domestic reunions which were wont to mark the season in their earlier years ; but who will nay that a dinner in the shadiest room to which the breezes are courted thugh open lattice, Is anything like the groaning board made ruddy with the plow of a blazing hearth f No ; with msa Christ mas is and must ever be, a day of al fre?ao enjoyments. We cannot, even if we would, transplant to our shores the old holiday, as the Pilgrim Fathers did. Nature woos us abroad with her sunniest smile, and we cannot refuae to fly into her arms. Pcnices, and not dinner partles. and. the. social gatherings of an Australian Christmas ;and the warm dining-room of our youth is exchanged for the cool nook beneath the Irees, or the pleasaht waters of the rivers or the bays. Green banks,' gay dresses and plashing oars-theae are more associated with Christmas anit exists for us than even the holly berry and the mistletoe which are twiled around its memoly in our hearts. If we think of the Bible narrative and of thebeautiful night-cenes there brought before us, from the time when the pastoral lay was brokenl avolce among the stars to the flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we smst feel that Christmas loses nothing in hts suggestiveness because it falls at a season when the nights are so. gloriously beputifulea they.nre 'with us. Ithass been also said that the .old and dismal aspect which pature weaps about Christmatbnme at home, gives an additional aest tpthe home pleasures to whteh (hritamas i' there so peanllarly detoted, But 'we cannot help thinking that, - if we haveles.' of tindce enjoyment, we have alsoless of the debasing riot which toaoften .attends mhghday at home. .Sothat, takenall in all, gh we may suffer a little from the heat 'nd, dut, andlsknaghwhVsay look rather brown and olesgianos at or tneusementne, the "merry. an belle of le may ring as appropria tel anr:beautifal summer as they ever din the fre?ty winterof othearelimes. ftner ll;' even the Ehgli(' Christmas itself as chabiged, andlgalmot as dlferent an an ustrallanh ae '1< t the' bjelly tUyeter Obg Chrietafls tornertimeh. To 2 e su a hephrareo?l gay,t.stre.ete aretaland aynofy th tttaers. are p hate e ateIitl ibekule oung Iles oit of theircoifor i IW'*Isotar abo ora'ufthe Mods duMols,',sd the fur?er's shop hlas in it a world of.oomfort There is'omettidme still an Odourhasptlngthe eornemsaf ireate where wotnen sell bakedapples anl pieaen loiter with their' hot temptations. spiced gingerbread is still vauntingly proolaimed, and manage . of theatrep and' pasryeooks are ih all tfir glbry. Pantomimes and akes abound, sad onegaudynight snoceeds an other, till we almost grow tired of feasting and late hours, and the company of obil. dren;, Baninewesa but a name, ?ld drollery In thaorderef the day, Trage y'reas her gorgeous head jewelled and cownaed; and -"soeptted pall comes ?sweeping byP Har. lequie, too,-is ie eomad sill-thnatglltterlig mystery, a thing hbetwean falrtdom and humanity. Columbine is admired, 'and Pantalooun applauded both, it would seem; born for nothing 'dt'to danse and smle afor the please of enrapturead thousands, -The play bills still Sauntvabout,. dioso olsg the sereta of ,the eomsing ht, and thea. are as mysteiusly 'rmsgalifleent n,,eaver i the a0aonoeebshent. of wood demons, hlorsemean"'nd ralters, braseeneleds - andn fatal masks, dloe eaters, juglaen,. aan quadru eodsf evety variety of shape and of intelligeno?, White, blak, sad grsy,with all their tal. WeMay'revefttln e ehear the toenhlig earolbttbe walteas' it mees ,through the silence of the niglt, and the maiden's eye will still melt st be 'tale of love had her hand ling down 'from her open casement the bright silver plece, the gnerdon for the grateful song. 'Thepostman,and the charilt ,boys,and hobt other, even yet expet thelrOhristmpp boxes. NpwYear's gftsare exohinged between ''riends and relations. In Itlan't the wren is suspended on St, 'BStpb o' Day from the holly bough, spi-rntded with alluh bravery of ribbons ; gulaee goabopt'tbe steet is Scotland, on New esar's Eve, ttteinga wonderful jargon eead p rfs?kPig'antoe of the mostextraordl 'ay ?ied; id'everywhere throughout the Brtshles kinge and queens abound on' that last of Oirl?tmns holidays the gay Twelfth night feWstval c snow-white con. 'feotionary,of eakcs an,beans,. All thIf it is true, e;: have: st?ll ; but where nOw is the " rigbt-hearted revelry of anbeent days "' Where now is the manchetuid wastelliiesd,;and peseoo'ple of bygone banquetg? t Where are tohe slanghteredl beeee, the'broached wlne'uak 'the hbge 'barre'ls of not brOwn ale? 'Where ate the hmbrofldered-conted heralds pnd the pcarlet.oosted purenivants, the wandering knightes-aid toil worn pilgrims? Where are the holy' brethen, with sacks and' walletso tatherlog largesse f Where Is the. troubadbur on his alfrey rlchlwith spavgled housings I Where s now the.Lo?d of Misrule, the Abbot of 'Unreason, the"Bo~ Bishop, and the Master of Marry Disportes Where are the hobby horses, the dryade, the Irish dresses, the bankram jerkins, ari the drunken masque Where is Palaphilos,. Prince of SIphle, -and the " most mag" iflent and renowned Thomas, Prince of Alba Fortunate V" Where are the brawn and mustard that were eaten, and malmsey wine thatras so freely drunk in' Ihose old barousals t Where are Sir Randle Backabite, Sir Morgan Mrimchance, Sir 'Fraoes Flatterer ' Where is passed the glory and the 8eam So much, In fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has said: Soee are all those goldsa days el )ore; When COhibtlm wan a high day ; Itse pert. we nowehailee no nore; Its turaed into Good Friday. We know not if even Shakespere's dees cription of the Night would hold good at present when he tells as that.. \- re'gatmnttbat vht?soa es es V herewith our Sqgioor's birth is elebrated The bird ofda?nigeingtha'l njght Ippgr ad tb-a they say nospiritma walk p.b.es .nthlght are wholsmomehes ; no planele ?e. eo f iry taes, nu'r wnoe lIes power i chbarm. b0 hllowed ad'ao gracloe.s lah t hbtne. " ubhretietmabke ? 'ioeeno?',.s. ds m.uch itthnme,-lt I not stsagqgs th t yhborldi assume act /eo latdhispn1rere al. seoebervephlnglef opebealeleheverss. Ipr aethis even o be regretted. We must hare Ca hriutmas of our own-an Australian equivalent for the Wintry anniversary of our ancestors, wreathed with sunmmer flowers, and surrounded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It is with this idea that we present the public of these colonies, with this sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live. and of the scenes by which they are surrounded. We anticipate, therefore a hearty wel come for the few native flowers which we have gathered here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another land. There are, however, many old uas es connected with Christmas which are as well suited to our new home as to our old one, and happily they are the best-the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, nd next only to the charity of Christmas, are the delights of social and do estic interconrse,which its genialepirittends so abundaritly to promote. In these gather. iogs hristmase seems to demand alemost as a right his tribute of tales, and songs, and jokes, and riddles. We cannot refuse it. It Is the inspiration of the season, and it will seile us quite as powerfully by the side of the sinuoau Yarra as in the comfortable home at Bloomsbury or the West End, In the old days we naturally delighted in the old tales. Then it was that our literary horizon was peopled with dragons, lit up with fiery chariots, and beautified with magical rain hows. Then did Blue Beard sweep fiercely by--astem image of mysterious and fero aoes pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk-with all the parade of camels and slaves and waving banners in his train. Then did we penetrate the high and tangled woods, in which the Sleeping Beauty lies concealed; and we accompanied poor little Red Riding Hood through the green lanes, wistfully peeping at the cheese cakes" and "the pat of butter" as we went along: Then, too, did we love to stray in the realm of Oberon, in whose crown the jewels are dew. drops from the pearliest rose-that world in which a harebeli is a palace, i primrose a hall, an anemone a tap, and a daisy a shieling. Bow we longed to be poseessor of that butt of dew which,in the form of a hasel nut filled with the tears of morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of ?r earth who, by the music of his ly'rshall'lay 'all the pipes of the Silent Peoplaeautse, .nd charm the tiny emperor ~slep on his Titania'e bosom beneath the dncoaeious honey moon that hangs like a creaset in thebheaven of Falrylndl - With what mysteUns awewe '?awtitosee splghtly elves riding in: long and beautiful arrays by thellghtof the moon,orsittinginbeven ircles in the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking nectar out of teap of silver and gold no biggerthan the dew-eup -owers. How their wild unearthly: eyes, all at one bright sparkling lne, turned upon: u at. the same -'moment, and how their undistinguished 'whispering sounded fearfully In our ears I Thet, too, was it our delight tb listen to the wild legendstwitab and warldo, in whih:s we' were borse away to the, blasted heath to bear the gibbering of Paddaok and "Gty malkin. lnhe air bath bubbles as the fatoer iath, and them are of them?' Whbt a ghbtly .tmosphere enveloped these weird ssters these"llomened beldamses I What' a hellish irit seemed to. breathe tthrogh 'thelr y lips Whati aerce compremslon "f thir .chopp fingers, as they attered their salemn prophehy-halt benseouhalf maniton fneboding vroies that, with'hideous shrieks, eyllabled.men's names in aentree vast und deserts wild t" More frightful still, and erhaps more fasoinatingly dreadful were' the ghostories, which made' the- air to bristle and' the heart to quaka The stories at all, no denbt, as old as the hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were! none the, wore I fortheir want' of originality. Welittlb, imagined then that thejokeestwhich we laughed soheartily are in Hier.oles, and thathe again s btt eiral of the esers of the East. It s the same in eerythag. Pnoh, wlo castigates Judy er the benefitof the. street udtennes it the Arlechino Of Italy-the descendant of the lbsoennines--the regular representatives of thedroll of thegolden age, The 're" nantripea of our witches, their hell broth and canldron ore all. in Aptelue, *ho h bhimeselfl: but" an echo bf times auch older, a dim. shadower forth of ysteries by himself net understod. Ghoste havesflourisedin all theirtlory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition totheir terra There is:nothing in the tatlelof Otranto-nothing in the mysteries c Udolpho, we mean nothing of. incident, tat theworldhas not heard before; The White Lady of Avenel, piercing the 'centre oa the earth, and singing her weadtous ebae, is to be found in many a fathlng saga Iereagaint it s ,true that "there 'lsothing new under the sun." But little we cared for that aslong as we were amused orin:trested, a) even tblerably well terrified. OChristmas ts:the time for joke, and song, and story; they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest reoollec. tions that we have. We need say sno more. Bless you, m gentle masters and 'mistresses all May mirth and happinees be with you. We pledge yon tn acup.of brightest Australian wine I- ;, .. Wasual to ?n and yoms .and all IAll health i 