THE RECENT MtTBDER IN QUEENS- LAND—STBANGE APPARITION. THE Maryborough correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph• writing oil the 24th ult., says :—' The night after the enquiry as to the sudden death .here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causeB WBB returned), a. man named Adamson going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. 'If you consider this a. laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw—First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached be saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew, hear he was seized with a violent shaking,:cbld perspiration burst out all Over his body, abundle which hewaB carrying on his Bhoulder fell to the ground^and his bat rose from.his head. In the features of the apparition Jiei-i«ei^ji8nd :: th(»e' : '<)f , -'-lI^' , Rixaon l Then came a -voice, : I' lim ,the : murdered wife of iRixeon 1' - The' ^pparitijDti' then .placed one of its hands ovbr itB fatou^li, and the other on its throat, and—disappeared . Adamson does not ; know hbw long he remained on the Reserve,, or, how he found his. way' home. Next -inorning he took his wife's and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and thisy, growing suspicious, arreBted Lydia Quipps.-*> The woman .was .no .sooner in the police office than Bhe made a statement, which ehe lvas since repeated in the Polioe Court. She io not in cuBtody." , It appears that immediately after hiB marriage Rizon took a' down' on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week bf- his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps'8 lodgings. He frequently swore that he would have the life of bis wife. On Tuesday riorning, March 15, ha left Lydia jifc six o'clock,'and'went to hw garden to dig. her some Bweeit potatoes. In about half-anhpilr 1 ho returned, add while delivering the. potatoes said ' I have been* and done for my wife;""The woman ans^rere^ ' Good God, I ^ril.l 'never speak to. you.again as long as my r name | Lydia Qui ppa.' Then he held her by'the ; windpipe, saying,' This is the way I did it.' Afterwards Rixoin said to her,' So help my God I have not done it;' and left her. In consequence of the additional evidence the body'was exhumed, a second post-mortem examination held, and Dr. Little, \on being recalled, gave it as hiB opinion; fathered from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death be strangulation. /That the case. Rtxon seems, utterly! astonished at the evidence the police had gathered; and it is believed that the remorse—if he is capable of it—which visited Eugene Aram will indnce him to inake a full confession of his guilt. Ppsir AND TELEGEAPH - OFFICES AT BUEEOWA.—rlu ; the Assembly on Friday evening, Mr. Burns, in answer to Mr. J. Watson, said that, these offices were finished and would be occupied with the least possible delay. 'A DBEADITO AFFAIB.—A frightful accident occurred near Daylesford on the 30th ultimo. The Mercury states that a boy named Jennings, between 13 and 14 years of age, was crossing a paddock,- when he threw a stick at a bull. .'The animal immediately rushed at him., and inflicted such fearful, injuries that the poor boy died the same night. ' But for the intervention of a Mr. Lee, the bull would have gored the poor lad - to death on 'the spot. PETITIONS FOR CLOSING POBUC-HOUSES ON SUNDAYS.—About fifty petitions have been presented to Parliament during the two weeks past from the following denominations—viz., five from Baptists . five from Wesleyan Methodists, four from Presbyterians, three from Congregationalists, three from Ohurch of England, two from Primitive Methodists, one. from Roman Catholics,' one from Society of Friends, one from Sydney University, and one from Camden College, and several from the various temperance societies numbering about 3000, the petitions signed by the general public numbering about 5000 or 6000, making a total! of between 8000 add 9000 and others are still'coming in FORBES SELECTIONS.—The following selections were taken up at the Land-office on Thursday last W. H. B. Onions, 40a, Geeron; William Bowman M'Kay, 320a, Warrigal ; Henry Clothier, 40a, Bogabagil; James Sharp, 100a, Bartley's. Creek ; Thomas Corcoran, 320a, Gragary (head of Bogan) ; James Collins, 80a, Dungeon Creek ; Thomas Conley, 320a, Mickabil North ; Hugh Williams, 40a, Bogabagil; William Holland, 40a, Striekland's Blowclear. GEENTEIIL SELECTIONS.—The following selection was made at the Land-office on Thursday last:—John Hayden, 600 acres, Binda run. BURROWA ^ SELECTIONS. —The following wer the selections, made at the Land Office on Thursday last:—rParish. of Bobbara—John. Grant, 320 acres. . Parish.of Eubindal—Michael.Cotter 160 acres. 1 Parish of. Bpokham—Edward Privett, 60 acres; Mary Rooney, 40 acres. Parish : of Gooramma—John Regan, 46 acres. Parish:of Ware—William Randall, 40 acres ; James Gorham, 40 acres.- Parish "of Coppahella—Edward Brown, 49f acres. Parish of Nurung—Daniel Ryan, 320 acres. Parish of Beggan Beggan—slohn McGrail, 307J acres. Parish of Harden—John Carter, 320 acres; Samuel Carter,, junr.,^160 acres. Parish of Illalong—Michael Croly, 30() pcreB. Parish of Taunton-^John Thomas .Best, 100 acres. Parish 'of Aultbn-J-iJohanna Slattery, 40'acres. ' TUMDTSELECTIONS.—The following were'the selections made at the land-office on -Thursday last -—David, Jj.. McLeod, 40a, -Wondalga; W. E. Wilkinsonj 40a, Yellowin ;. John T. Lampe, 40a, Talbipgo Edward Harnett, 40a, Talbingo., GCNDAOAI SELEOTIONS.—The. following. were the selections -made at the land-office ion Thursday last:—John Cooper, 40 acres Merribindinyah ; Irwiri ; Grain, 44 acres, Calaf at; Michael Dwyer, , 60' (acres^ iGooriey; Thomas • Crain, 40 acres, Ellerslie ; E. J. Keith, 100. acres, Jindalee.; ,H. -J. .Dunn,.' 40 ,icrpa, Yaven; George Cloaej 40 acres, Yaven,; .Jphn.Morris, 320 acres, Boree';' Miles'^Mprris,' 1320 •.acjres,-Boree ; j. W. Coggan,"40 aSoresj Modej; 1 Mo'n4y J. ,W. Ooggs". 60 acres, -Money Mokey 1 : Williaiii JC6gg^,n, 60 ! M acres, Jugiong. • ' ' '! ' S. M. Herald. 