(Doiitoy (Dgdtosjd dDiiesMo BATHUItST. (From our Correspondent^ Wednesday. Some ungenerously kind and spitefully good natared critica think that I am a trifle too loud in praise of my own good self. I'd like to know which of them would not be guilty of the same misdemeanour if ho had tho ohance ! If yon had unfriendly neighbours who did not bow down and worship your genius, where is the harm in being a little aelf-sppreciative ? It is because some of my neighbours have proved unkind that I am reluctautly constrained to be good fco myself j and if I waste a few fleeting momenta in contemplating my own perfections, who ia responsible for my indisoretion? As I mentioned last week the concert in' aid of the orphanage, undor the care of the Sisters of Mercy, will come off in the School of Arta on 'Wednesday evening nost. The best professional and amateur talent in thia city has beeu se cured ; ao that in a musical and vocal point of view it ia eKpectsd to bo a brilliant aucoeae. But there are other considerations, fioo, which should contribute to ^that bappy result The olrjeeb for which the concert ia to be given is purely charitable. Too rauch praise, therefore, cannot be bestowed on the ladieo and gentle men who have so generoualy offared their ser vices in aid of the good work ; for while contri buting to the enjoyment of their fellow-eitizanp, they will at the same titno have the satisfaction of doing much to promote the temporal ani opiritual welfare of the poor little waifs and 6traya of humanity who find a home in the orphanage, and of enabling the goad and gentl3 sisters to receive many more who still cry aloud for admission. The cause is a high and a holy one, and as such it is recommended to the charitable consideration of all who are blessed with the gooi things of this world. A very touching and highly interesting cere mony took place in All Saints Cathedral some days sinoo; Three holy souls were ordained 'prieats'! by Dr. Maraden. Where in this wide world they are going to offer sacrifice i3 as much o mystery to me as I dare say to the good men themselves. Notwithstanding our estrome monetary depression, we are going ahe\d in Bathurst. Public and privato buildings are going up with wonderful rapidity. The Wesleyan Chapel, which a few weeks ago was a quiet, modest, unpretending little structure— as Wesleyan ohnpels are bound to be — ia now looking alofo aa proud, pomaoug, and defiant aa the pious, eloquent and bumptious divine who preoide3 over the destinies of the saintly followers of the illustrious Wesley. In days paab it wanted a cower. IthaR ib now with a vengeance, and such a tower ! Well, it ia a towering specimen of ecelesiastioal art— a miniature Babel — half briok half shingle. It lays claim to uo particular atyle of architecture, ancient or modern ; but that matters little. Indeed, so long aa it does not offer violence to the aesthetic taste of the respectable seot who are its proud possessors, no one has a right to complain. In making these remarks I wish it to be understood that I am interested only for the architectural beauty of our already lovely city. The tower in question, will probably hold its own until our next storm, and then I fear it is dentined to make a polite bow to its Catholic neighbour, the colossal tower of SS. Michaol and John. Poor Dr. Machattie has passed to ' that bourne whence no traveller returno.' He will be missed far and away beyond hia own immediate circle of relatives and friends. The poor especially will miss him. He was interred to day. The funeral was the largest over seen in Bathurst. The Eev. Mr. Graut is determined to win or dial Ha is still striving and ottuggling against the fafcos ! You seem to be a cruelly inappreoi ative people in Sydney. After rehearsing, reciting, and extensively advertising hia lecture up and down tlio bush, and in tho metropolis also, he visited you lately with hia lecture and hia ' magio Jantsrn ;' and yet, I blush to oay it, had to make hia bow to empty bencheo. Thero \7dq not oven a tool thero to laugh afe him J That b probably th© reason fcboti ho tried hia htmd here last night ab another lecture and got cevenfcy good-natured 'risiblea' to make merry at hio expense. Within a ohort diotanoe of thio city livea yrobably the moet remarkable mnn of thio day. The^ rare gifb of second eight has descended to him from his anoc^tora, and probably thio weird faculty influenced the bent of hia mind, for v?hile [yet a boy he atudiod with great suo» oesa the magio of the Eastern aoroorora ! He looko upon the reault as one Bees a light in a tunnel, every instant growing lighten until he ia able in the glimmer to unravel all manner of myofceriea ! Not many evenioga ninco at tha cjoing down of the sun, ond while the red raya lingered in tho west, like an extendad haid bestowing a farewell blessing on the city of tha Plains, he s.\fe absoibad in profound meditation ; and next clay an nrticlo appeared in his paper (for he ia a journalist too) on the ' Ignorance of the monlsa of the 12th century,' whom he charges -with the present defec tive atate of the Bathurst drainage. He i3 a martyr to circumstances, for ever ninee a former contributor to the Freeman took him to tatk for certain misdeeds he has been sorely exeroucd both in the spirit and in the flesh ; for from that day to thio he has suffered very seriously from a succession of visitations and infiiotions of ghosts and night mares ! The . wholesome discipline which a defective system of legislation obliged him to undergo in the 'Heart of Midlothian,' at tho suit of one M'Phillamy, haa neither illuminated hia intellect, cor haa it added anything to the very limited stock^of ' common sense ;' and so he has entered upon a coarse o2 blundering which reached its climax- when he undertook ta en lighten a benighted world on the 'ignorance of the monk3.' Poor man '. his wounds are deep and soro. Is there no balm in Gileid — no good Samaritan to pass by aud pour in oil and wine? Why do the priests and Levites no longer deigu to £tni:e on him? This is the burden of bis leas, from ths actions of men who lived in tha 12 bh century. Ac fcha: time there arose a great man. Roger Bacora, who studied nature accord' ing to the true experimental method, and who made many discoveries in chemiBtry, in optics, and ia other branches of science, The world of his day rejected both bio discoveries and hia method, and for no other reaaon than because he had adopted the right method of otudying nature, and by that mean3 had made some very important discoveries in the observational sciences, The ignorant monies and friars of Ms age raised a atorm of persecution against him, and caused him. to be Kept in prison for fourteen years.' I quote thiB offi-repeafced slander, that it may be once more refuted. Had the Catholic Church done nothing more than to preserve for the world by viailanbsolicituda and unwearied toil the priceless intellectual treasures o£ G-reeoe and Rome, she would have been entitled to our everlasting- gratitude. But the 'ignorant . monks' did not merely preserve their treasures — they taught the universe how to use them. We can. never forget that at least nine-tenths of all the great colleges and universities in Christen dom were founded by monks, priests, and bishops. This is true of the most famous insti tutions in Catholic as well as Protestant coun tries; and equally undeniable: is the fact that the greatest discoveries in science and the arts have been made either by Catholics or those educated by them. Our readers know that Copernicus, the author of our present system of astromony, lived and died a poor priest in an obscure village. G-allileo was educated by ' ignorant monies,' and died a Catholic. The great Kepler, although a Pro testant, always acknowledged that he had re ceived the most valuable part of his education from the 'ignorant monks.' It would be easy to add to these illustrations manj'- names equally renowned in other departments of science as well as literature and the arts, including those of statesmen, orators, historians, poets, and philo sophers. Out, then, on. this ^miserable rehash of a bigoted artiotle cribbed from the Edinburgh Scotchman ! Why will the Catholics of Bathurst continue to pay this wretched Scriviner for per petually reviling not only their religion, but traducing its ministers . V. 