Church Clitics. SMALL BORE CRITIC.—Hears THE sewnon with a good grace, doesn't fall asleep l» outright, fiels a growing comfort when the Parson comes to " III conclusion deiir brethren" and when the service is owr considers it the proper course to remark to hia friends as they walk home that ry. the sermon was " very good," *' quite to the point," and BO on, knows nothing about it, of course, and for the matter of that don't care much, but would hardly think it correct to allow the parson's performance to pass unnoticed. As a rule likes pudding better than doctrine. • LARGEBORE Carrie.—Generally below the middle size ; cultivates much beard, looks very knowing, expresses himself oracularly, in desperately bad grammar, fancies he's read " the Fathers." Makes it a point to differ with the preacher in. matters of detail—very formidable in theological terminology—always ready to argue and condemn, and has about as much charity as a log of wood. CRITIC WHO APPMETH THE SERMON.— Not to himself though—oh no—only to his neighbour—favorite expression "That was pretty warm for so and so." Dresses very well—is in general pretty well off, always more ready to shrug his shoulders at a fallen man than to help him."—An out and out egotistical priggish nonenty. CRITIC SENTIMENTAL—Mostly feminine—when masculine, parts his hair in the centre and locks physically seedy. Nerves very delicate—-describes sermon as "sweet,' "so eloquent," "quite touching,' &c;," especially if some good little Hindoo dies during its progress. Very harmless though ; shouldn't have been noticed only that when walking along the street, does'nt sec anything pitiable in poor little Jack Smithers whose father drinks and leaves him half naked and half starved. CRITIC MUSICAL.—Only goes to Church for the sake of the music of coursc. Has a very delicate ear. Hasn't enough Christianity to know how " honest faith can make a discord sweet." Looks critical while the hymn is being played, glances meaningly at his neighbour during the singing and then looks hopelessly at the roof. Faccs round and looks up at the Choir, little girls giggle, turns round disgusted. Fancies people think him musical. If they do, never more mistaken, might possibly know somethiug about a bullock, but certainly could'nt tell a Scotch Beel from a Sonata. Grumbles about the music when he comes out: on the whole an insufferably sad dog. CRITIC SCIENTIFIC. -Young as a rule, wears moustaches, whiskers if he can, talks big, tolerably intelligent, terribly shallow, reads Stockwhip," pities poor Sir Isaac Newton and Dr. Watts, whose weak intellects were imposed on by errors of Christianity. Thinks TyeVman a giant, Voltair a saint, and feels satisfied that Tom Pain wrote a better book than the Bible. Fond of wrangling, utterly unable to grasp the main points of a subject. Uses phrases from Tyndal and Huxley, and has mysterious notions concerning protoplasm. Searches his Bible for apparently contradictory passages. Is much elated if successful. Sneers at the miraculous. Shouldn't wonder if he were afraid of ghosts, though likes to brag infidelity to admiring juniors, is very qniet in the society of tolerably clear headad men. To be pitied rather than condemned. CRITIC WHO CMT. THE CONO.—Generally a womanpmust admit it, cant help it, mostly ugly and cour temper. Laughs at Mrs. So and So, who can't afford such finery as herself. Turns 'up her nose at honest poverty. Wouldn't make room for poor Mrs. Smitfcers for the world, people mighl think God made them both— Horrid. 