ON our fosurth page will Bp sfound ourusuaal chess column, with reports of.the ainual neeting of thbe Vit lisstown Me 'chanicsaInstitute, andy'uotscsanyIolscu Court. WE have received the annual report. of tlf e Australian Health Soeiety which ahowathat the Society has been active iu the P trfponance of the public duty which it has taken upon itself THE Asylum for. the Biind and i i ateitti~os for the Deaf and aDuh held their uonite4 Demontration; at the `Town Hall; Melbopsue, on MIday, yvesning, wbee a ighlyt BuneOfiul per5ormraget as Tne Rev. Mr. itlley gives his post-. posed lecture on "Bits of Brass" to- morrow evening. We are requested to notice that tht drawing of prizes in connection with St. Mary's Presbytery art union has been post, poned until the 11th of December, and that blocks or tickets need not be returned before the Sth of the same month, AnouT half-past four o'clock yester day afternoon a lire broke out in Morley's store in Flinders.street, Melbourne. but was got under before very extensive damage had, been done, Tiun collections at St. Monica's R. C. Church, Footscfay, for the Hospttal Sunday funds asmounted to £6 9s. 9d. Tils t: illiamstown Choral Society IWill hold a concert and re- union on Monday, the Gth November. On this occasion 't Athalie" will be re- presented, togetler. with sone vocil and instrumental music. THuE ev. Jesse Carey will preach, two sermon?s in the Wesleyan Church, Wil. liamstown, to- meorow, in aid of the mission ntry cause in thie South Seat slands; and oit Monda eve.tinug a public Iissionary meeting will bh. held in the sawli place, for particulars; of whlich see. a dvertisement in another. column. IN. our. issue of last week a typio-. graphical error occurred, to the effect that, of Ausetralasia vas 300. it slhoulct lIave, been £3000. Ir. Mason sold this week priva!el.3 the proplertv lately sui,imitted by him at auiction, Park Place, North IWillihlnstown, 31 ft frontage, by 100, ft deep, with house thereon Tor £100 on terms. LAND, SALES.- Iessis.S GCenintl Tucl:ett & Co., Fold at their rooms in "lel bourne, on WVlednesday last, 117- acres, of 'lapd near the Stony Uleek, the property of the late Mr. Spotciswood, to Mr. T. Bent, M.~.L at the price of i .pur. ac e. Im mediateldy after tlhe sale the puirclscer was. .ffered by. Mr. Cornuell, a cont.rac?tor, a, b,.nus.of £500 on his bargain, which oiter. was. d'clingd. It is stated that the laud, contains a valuable stone quarry, alnd that; IMr. UCr.n.cell was desirous of obtaining the, use of it for buinilig pntppses, Apart ftrom this consideration, we are pleasedl t, hear. that the valiue of lind.ini this ne'ghbouriood is i spidly increasing in value. IT would seem that the boys who fro quent the Batteries take every opportunity to damage ihe piroperty there. They have. this woeek torn a portion of the roof away. from one of the stores, anl thie itlicer in, charge offers a reward of £1 for tle discovery. of the ofuicder. TILi young mana Saunderss, who fool ishly attempted to commit suicide at Foots-. cray one ilay last week, was discharged witl\ a c ention by the local Bench on Wednesday. Things mighit liar git)e very hard with. Saunders hadci it not been for noe of his, neighbonrs, tcs. Lucas, wlho promptly asd ministered an emetic. W?rLLIA3tsTOwN w-ns f:avoured with s, visitor firoic Melbournre o Sunld:ty evening, who victimised the keeper of a fruit -aid. lollie shop in Stevedore- street to the extent. of £1. The quiet-lookuing lady who ob tained eighteeu- pence worth of go,,l, things and tendered a supposed souereibgn in pay 'which elapsedi betwvoen the tilne of giving. her the cbliuse aind the discovery that. the: Icoiu, wasa -base imitation, andI it is supposle that she.got ,lffl to Melbourne by the. ino, train. As I MPU'DENT R0QiiBERY waVS coai ,mittel at the Juncti?nc iotel, Fqootcray, o, ':lhuirsay evening by a woman nained Jolanna'D)erven, who lives with her ihus b ind inFootslc y. She seems to have go no, uli.stairs in tim hotel, antd unobserved to, have malse up a bundle of thi.ngs wortl about. £8. She got outsilde unobserved, but sent, in for some ale, wln-n the bun lIes were sccii and the articles identiied. Mrs. . liolfe, thie. lanndlady, and her brother, detained the, womai till the, police arrired, whec she was, arrested and ioldge i thce lock-pp. Yester day she' was brought bef re Mr. W. Mitchell, J.,1'., ano e imanided tiill I'.d esday. Staige, to say, the prisuner is believed to be very. near hler nccouldimeni. She has been adn mittedto bail. A WAIF..--An unexpected addition to the infant postulation of Williamstown, was made on Monday night, when some one sought to transfer to Mr. Grieves. of Thomp- son-street, the responsibility of training up a child about two months old. The child was left on the door step at Mr. Grieves' house, attention being attracted to its presence, there by the barking of the dog. In order to reach the verandah of Mr. Grieves' house, where the waf was found, the disposer of the infant must have opened, the front gate and crossed the garden. Information was not given to the police sufficiently early to enable them to give an eye to the last train for Melbourne, by which it is supposed the abandoner of the infant got away. The child, which was wrapped in a flannel petti- coat when found, and evidently but poorly nourished, was brought before the Police. Court on Tuesday and sent to the Industrial School for seven years as a neglected child. v hai s beon pointed out to us tUait two ofthle h i:hnsa wielh" fasten the drinking e:-I g pt-.tlec.sVill?tioso Foutai'n are to long, and that ic is icot implcanble the ldinc may suffer material injury by thi heavy goblets" kuocking igai!st it. It his fuirthier bescu su.gestithat an interpretation clause should be provi?lded ip extupiatioci of the request to '"' Leep the pa'enueu t dry,"' wlich surmounts the fountaini Since the openuig of.thl newv public tap, it has heenextesivecly patronised espciaUlly by the youngsters of the towna who hcve e tended to the novelty a vtryl liberal patro~nage AccINT.sr 'te frequently occnrrflgl. in and about Footsiray, "ci consequence of' the ceposed condition in which quarries ara left. :On Tuesday last Mr. Powell, fruiterer, of Williamstown; was driving t4rousYiarn ? ville, when he was informed qf a mirc beiing" ins a quarryhole close by. He took thuq mar up into his captanoid conveyed him to the police station The man,..who was rather advaned in, years, and gave the name of Richaridl King, said ho fell into the. quarry hole two or threeda~- before; and sprained his kle. Hie informed tho piolice that he iws qnable to get out of the hole in conse 5seqe5ne uithie issrues he received, iod an no oq . e-m to: his assistance he. remained .t"ere fo:thiyee days5- Senior-constable0 F "er.hsi him sent. on tp-the Melboiurne Hspita. ':? ~n who was injured by falling into a olse laribyrnocig a' shobrttima. fHospctsl ,diedO n Sats;clay, nd an a d '· THE "YIL yIls?Oy M5EMORIAL.-? t a meeting of ne Wilkinson Memorial Com mittee held on Monday evening, Mfr. H. it Reid in the chair, it wvas resolved that the full subscription list shouhl lie publishcl in the local papers. The sub- committee ap pointed to superintend the erection of the memorial 'wcre further authorised to proceed with the erection of the chain fence round the founltain, after obtaining the necessary coment of the Borough Council, and having the line of footpath marked out by their surveyor. Votes of thanks were passed and ordered to he transmitted to Mr. F!shar for his kindness in taking charge of and instruct ing the Suntldy School children in the hymns sung at the opening of the fountain, tQ Copt. BuErell for his liaving granted the use of his pil?ce tq thie co.mnittee qn the same occasion. Tlll thlanks of the conunittee was also voted to the Iqn. Secretary MJr. Ucrntty the clanjrnsit attributing ti 4 gratC4 mea sre the very gatisfqetbry m tunner in which their htihonrs havr been brought to a close..to his ?!rtiring exertions. PUeLOna PRIze wtsIts.--r. Punshon, Stevedore droet, S:de Agent for Willianstowns. TIiE WILLIt.A3STOWN IIAILWAY.--TIn p report of the Victorian Pailway Depart plent for the 3car ending Jtyne 3.0th 1S76. we find the following with reference to the Willia?nstown line :-The increase of revenue during the iasty arver th!at of tihe previous it.- ionuited 'to X£2.517 Oa..7d.. thtorn . u hn. . been a steady increase in all branches of traffic upon this lin*, with the exception of parcels, horses anti dogs, and lire stock. lThe larger portion of the increasedl revenue of this line is due to the lpssenger trnfliie the nnsmlher of passene-er journeys totalling 1,294,769 as against 1,219,942 in the previous year, and the average distance trarelled re junining about the same. This is principally paing to the increas 'of settlement in this direction, whichl durihg the laoot three or fo-r years has progrtssed very rapidly. The alight increase in the goods revenue is owing to the tonnage having incre!sedl from 154,091 to 155,4SS tons, with a slightly longer aeLtge !hitatine travelled per ton. Tile workit? expenses werte 7rt 5! ler cent. of the receipts, being the lowest that have eyer. phta nted otn this line since its opening, alnd whicht rate has here! 9!ly once apilroacthed, viz., in 1SGD1. when the percentage was 71666 Tbhe rcdnction in cost of working has taken plcee in the maintetnac:c and. locomotiye charges. IrTSER THlE eTllEts.-When a man feels lasbnguld, pelerniscd, "detilitated, nnsl iidiepesoti to exertion, ntcuta' or l cTsily, lie telo us Ie is "o.-t o asrt?s or utner thle ,o e attlher 'ren?mts it this cotnditioii need cheerir0iintd sbotf tl?eiheng. E.Lha.tetl nature igtfiLed 1by tShlis-: Ov1lnotis tha1L she Ioeds "aid atnd suoti. -Thela s sthetie me reor t toet UD ettl eiLtrgS Ji=ei?sr saoti.tsue SettIAPtr· . tW? enieto prmlatci. br this wondsierful stimuhliut etl. tonic in such '"a"c is a:most elletri. Streglth l nelgyis cherecslerfulasn itetutt oit nm:iy, btsrietber is tno rection. A ncunnt c rs or FyrITL'le.--Thi, s is the title of a little work oif ti octaic o pages frtl the pen of the Rev. s . L. Llatuires, rvhno was some y.oars nag the t e!leyrln 3linister saloiunedt at WVilliamstownro The ihok. is tprely of a tel gious character, and its ptn ttrt mtay he uatlureci fero the Ftlloe-. lg "hreotteommendeatojny preface," as it is tetmed, by tihe R:v. .1 S. SWaugth -t-" Int seennmmenlfhig the fol!owing pages I feel as if I w~tore perfutmiug a w tmk of sanpereroga, tiot. They tieat .f a subject mt itlinite im pet tance to eve y human Ibintg. Their style is that of anll eatnot anld ittpreossive writer, sonsning of iis thneme, anri soi is int-nttly concerctcl to secure the judgment andu heart of the th.oughtful r.ader. Their design is to exhibit the life tof man Iupon earth in its re lations to the eternal future and to show I.,9W those treltiton should influncce human conduct anldl character in this jroIatiotaary state. The auth,,r. deals isitti the ;reat sub ject of indi'idmlal resp..ns.hi ity in a nlatier strietly conson.t t with :hr :uord of God. HIe nasctis no mteiloriots v.due to human elforts, hnt is carefi;l ito ru?lt, r all the glory pf our sailvation to Gtod in Clh,ist. lie re qoguizes uo, tmorai power itn man apart from the Holy Ghost. A t tlec sam'e t?me he gives mnphatic prominecee to the doctrine that eich nian has in ti'.s life a clhice to make, a Work tot %io, a ctiracter to iamti or fa?shion, that upon iis faithfulneess or quntfaitlfulness .detpends is destiny in eternity,-that he is actually now mal.img himtself that which he is to Is for ever. Tv ittiprres men with these truthsl , ad to bring themn" to act in wise and holy co;nsistrtnev with ithert, is our author's aitm. For thitY pItrltrpio tle Ltm'eibly presents that beautiful variety f nmit ve and iutdnce in?eut whichi is sanctioned iby insepirtae teech it.' 