A GHOST'S REVELATION. A man named Alexander Rixson lies in our lock-up, committed for trial for the wilful murder of his wife. The particulars of the case are peculiar. Rixson and a woman named Lydia Quipps came to this colony by the ship Star Queen, and have lived in Maryborough as man and wife till within the last three weeks. Then there was a quarrel; Lydia was driven from the house, and next day Rixson legally married another woman. A week after Rixson's legal wife died suddenly. Dr. Little held a post-mortem examination, and Dr. Power, in his capacity as a justice of the peace, held a magis terial inquiry into the cause of the death. Dr. Little gave it as his opinion that the woman died from apoplexy. The inquiry, as an ordinary precaution, was adjourned for three days, the body was buried, and there we sup posed the matter would rest. The night after the inquiry a man named Adamson, going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes flghtable if you smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw, or, if you like, fancies he saw: First, what appeared like a smell heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson! Then came a voice, "I am the murdered wife of Rixson !" The apparition then placcd one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and—dis- appeared. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a state ment, which she has since repeated in the police court. She is not in custody . In consequence of this additional evidence, the body was ex humed, a second post-mortem examination held, and Dr. Little, on being re- called, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re-examination, and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that that remorse—if he be capable of it—which visited Eugene Aram, will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt. Brisbane Telegraph. 