ODD NOTES. BY A BOliBAIABT. There is a lamentable amount of ignorance among legislators, newspaper editors, and people who profess to he the leaders, exponents —and creators—of public opinion horo, as to what is tho most momentous political question just now agitating tho minds of tho people of this great colony. ^ Somo say it is tho Land question, others that it is the Railway question, others the Public "Works policy which ought to bo adopted, others again whether the new Ministry or the squatters are to have the administration of our. public business. It is | nothing of the kind. Nino-tenths of tho , people don't know tho difference between tho I political principles advocated by the party now | in power,-and those held and maintained by their opponents who sit on the other I side of tho Speaker's chair—and they don't want to learn. If the truth must be told, the one great political problem which is stirring i the public mind to its profoundest depths is— How to get the most money out of Govern ment, any government, for expenditure in their several districts ? For railways, if possible, be cause there ure good pickings to he made out of railways in all directions, if the thing he gone about in the right manner. Barring rail ways, jetties for sea-port towns, and roads and bridges to the .interior, are the next things. Where road3 are already formed, repairs and culverts, providing thero is enough of thorn, are the great objects sought to bo secured. You see, trade is slack and fanning work is hard, laborious, and very I monotonous, while the profits of the farmer, i and the wages he can afford to give his hired labourers, are very low. The Government borrowed a million last year, or got leave to borrow that sum, and half the money is spent already. If. the constituencies don't keep a sharp look-out, and spur up their representa tives, every blessed copper will go and half the electorates won't get any; yet everyone will have to pay his whack, all the same, towards the interest on the money borrowed. This is where tho trouble comes in. , The Liberal party is only worthy of the name, and only worthy of support so long as it is liberal with tho public money when its leaders get into power. A member who professes to be a Liberal ought, by the same rule, ioseenre a liberal share of the plunder while his party is in power, or resign and let somebody else try what ho can do. It's all humbug fair a representative to " blatherskite" about the "general good" and tho "interests of the colony at large." Let eyeryono look after the interests of his own constituents, and concen trate his energies and efforts upon getting as much money spent in his district as possible. That is what ho was sent into Parliament for. If ho neglect that duty, or prove that ho is incapable of cither squeezing or bouncing the Minister for "Works into doing anything much for his electorate, his proper course is to resign —or help to get tho other side in *if,they will promiso him more. Somo of theso]so-callod "[Liberals" are try ing now to got up a cry for local government with local taxation. Local government is all a bag of moonshine; tho country can do very well without it. Thcro is surely taxation enough already to satisfy any reasonable man; and people who havo come out here to sottlo and make homes for themselves have enough to do to mind their own business. "What's tho good of a Government at Jill if folks are to do all tho public work themselves or see that it is dono ? Besides,1 to]' have "local government would take ull ;thc gilt off the gingerbread. Work under a government like that would bo as laborious and as badly paid for as private cmDloymcnt—ovory bit. And there would not bo tho ghost of a " slant" into a good thing, nor any pickings worth looking after. What is wanted for this young and rising colony is a Government which will got plenty of money and spend it freely; find employment for ovcrybody who requires it; carry out all tho public works required; and leavo tho rest of tho pooplo to manago'Ttheir] own private affairs without any interruption. If wo could once get a Government liljo this they might mako any laws thoy pleased. This is the public opinion of nineteen out of ovcrv twenty of tho 44 frco and independent electors" of this colony if they wore polled on tho question to-morrow. I see by tho northern papers that the Bowen ites havo had a public mooting for tho purpose of forming a " Separation Loaguo." Tho editor of tho Bowen newspaper had a " Kennedy Pro vincial Association" somewhere about his office for sovcral years,and housed to hurl this asso ciation, resolution by resolution, at tho heads of a rapacious Southern Government every now and again, with terrible forco, but without much visible effect. Ho nover brought any thing down with them, for .tho association scorned to havo evaporated boforo the Nerthorn Judgo was appointed. I nover saw this association, and nover met win, anyone else who actually saw i£. An nU ,.5 or familiar spin 1 which used to dictate lit™ paragraphs, resolutions, and thc l fce tot h i for nlo"1 ?-UCSti0n- ^n.VVay it has disappeared fora long time past, and.nobody feels the loss i c, , Separation League"—a real (W. and blood one, I mean—is munh jncTOlTrcIv- to do SOTO good for Bowen. I believe m bon Leagues, so long as a good energetic man is kept at the belWB A,fd they are not expensive. See wh it T?n„M, ton has got through its Separation I don t suppose it cost more than t^TtweTtv »j. ..i™ »rtki»tjsssjs Spnngsure, or tho Bclyando, or BkdSi .or ^"e,r,eara tte cost of the firing for tho'engfoS a/irSS&S; self Whther'Cm?ly » w ss^sS^'^s.'str ture-and it hhs done^v^^S^" Mn^fo^Iet Rc?JPS^?K were oowed and con WfflT „ll HockhamPton share the plunder atsS'&zgfiSz;* SJ"-*-y ^sls's ht w s,css'ons> ,what he had tried to do, how he had set about it, what came of it, and what help or hindrance he had received from t - representatives of adjointo^ZstiZleSf Strong m the consciousness of a good cause and he felt justified jfo*. donald, the member for Blackall m'.if, porting tho Liberal party from motives of self to <fon thst1P^il1 ?,D5Ush-ha did not hesitata \ . ,, t°at misguided man that ho had sold hrroctito the Liberal party for the sake of iforfnmVM da™?aSau:>»t Goveniniant squared. u™l?T^ happened to be present" there upon got up, and in the most deliberate manner charged Buracott with being l$d to take tho opposite side in politics, and earning his money to the detriment of the interests of tho electors who retnrned him. People are always more ready to believe evil than gold Sf a man, and the electors then present believed aiacdonald b statement, and passed a vote want of confidence in Bnzacott straight away Moy wonld persist in doing it after he had told them that ho wonld not accept it as an expression of the public opinion cf the electo rate. J was glad to hear that his own sup «> disgusted with the whola proceeding that they accepted his advice and refouned from votmg. If electors do not W when they have a pure-souled patriot to roDre SS.1T them sulfer the consequences. This is a sorry world, inv masters! Look where you will there is treachery and over reachmg, and « besting" of each other in ev<£r direction. Only- a few days ago I heard o?a mean, dirty tack which ono editor of a news paper played upon the other, in a little northern seaport town, which has two local newspapera. 6ue of these editors had writtenMs J*fef. for ne?t morning's issue, and feeling comfortable and at poace with aU the world after his mental exertions, he went into a "pub " to refresh the mner man with a good, stiff glass of three star. The first was so good that he decided upon "wetting tho other ere" -which an editor who hiS his "Ieadlr" written, and m his pocket readv for tho compositors, may surely venture to do. blm the10 Ju fished his second turn okr Ac editor of the rival paper xvenfc in tui t! S?m0 hotal to seek "inspiration " bo'°'. <w poor Artemus Ward would say, for a subject tor bis leader. Tho two gentlemen quarrelled, and then they made it up again, and celebrated tho treatv of neaea with mora drinks, and then became confidential and celebrated that with more drinks still and then began to compare notes on local subjects, or rather to compare ideas,andfonnd that they tallied so exactly that tho first editor, in confir mation of the fact, pulled out his "leader" and read it to his friend, who'patted him on tho back, and said it was "splendid," "couldn't have expressed his own sentiments more clearly and forcibly —and all that sort of thin-— masting upon "shouting" as a proof of his appreciation of tho article. That last " shout" just' sewed up ' tho editor with tho " leader " in his-pocket. Ho weofc calmlyoff to sleep, and the compositors, at his office, concluding that there would bo no "leader" for that issue, put 111 a paragraph to say it had been "crowded out by press of other matter," and went to press. X don t mean to say the rival editor stole that leader, hut bv some means or other it got to his office, and when his paper came out, there was that leadin™ urticle m it word for word, just as tho other editor had written it! Now would vou, my intelligent reader, have believed in such cold blooded cruelty on tho part of one professional man towards another? When tho writer saw his ' leader" in tho columns of his contempo rary he felt desperately wicked. After easing his mind with a littlo vigorous.profaaity, ho telt more resigned, and now says tho world is nothing better than a wasto, howling wilder ness. I don't wonder—do you ? 