VICTORIA. [From our own Corresrjondent.1 Melbourne, Tuesday, January 17. j.ne dtst; wees or tne new campaign is over, and still the despatches from the political battle-field tell the same old, old story. ' As they were' is the order of the day. lhe hope has proved altogether rain that members would come back after the Christmas puddings hi a better frame of mind. The past week may be summed up in this — stonewalling minority ram pant; Government moodily firm; biuhies i at a dead stop. As can easily be conceived, this state of affairs does not improve the temper of either side of the House, and as a result, the Parliamentary records to which the country is treated raad more like 'Glimpses of Pandemonium' than ac counts of the sayings and doings of grave and reverend senators. While the process of obstructing is going on the Cliamber presents a singuhir appearance. Very few members are present, and those are easy in anything but dignified fashion. Motion after motion for 'reporting progress' and -; leaving the cliair'^ Is moved by the Berryites, who talk against time as long as they can think of any thing to twaddle about. (Ju the division bell ringing when each successive motion is put, members troop in from the library, the billiard-room, and all parts of the Houses. The division over, they all crowd out again to kill time till the inexorable bell shall again summon them to the floor. And so it goes on ever, the dreary monotony only relieved by the ' scenes' that arise when an unusually ?vrarni shot is fired from ? either side. This was the case when Mr. McDennott, a Ministerialist, in cutting tones called the Berryite3 'neeiy, seedy, and greedy office-seekers,' and, quoting Dr. Johnson, denounced their ' patriotism' as the ' last refuge of a scoundrel.' On Wednesday matters grew wso violent as to be no longer fit for the eyes of 'strangers.' The galleries were therefore cleared, and according to hints that have leaked out the scene that ensued for the next two houra simply beggared # description, beating anything ever before known in the history of our Parliament. Personal abuse of the grossest character was freely indulged in all round. All the old scandals about Mr. Berry, Mr. Woods, and others were raked up, a resort to nsticiuis being once or twice imminent. On Thursday night it actually came to blows, not in the Chamber, but in one of the passages. The shortest man in the House told one of the biggest that his attack on an ex-Civil servant was cowardly; the big member was no other than the noted Peter Lalor, who lost one arm in the Eureka riots. With the remaining limb he roughly knocked off the little member's hat, and had afterwards to apologize. As '^gles' puts it:— 'This week's Parlia mentary work €ost in payment of members £025. Add to that the salaries of Parliamentary officials. Consider that the financial year is more than half through, and tliat its outcome and income are still undetermined. Now what does the practical P;irliamentary work of the week amount tuJ Why, Mr. Lalor has knocked off Mr. Thomas's hat and ap- -lo- gized fur doing so. Voilu tout!'' Mr. Lalor aloO fell foul of the burly Minister of Mines, who naturally objects to being called the ' dove of Ararat.' The latter was full of threatenings as to what he would have done but for the maimed state of his assailant. The Age (otherwise Ananu.ui) coolly and impudently lays the blame of all these disgraceful scenes at the door of the Government, and has made a most violent attack on Mr. McLellan, as the privileged bully of the McCulloclutes. There is rumour that the paper will be called to the Bar to answer for the abusive article. Apart from the occasional Outbursts members take the position very good-humouredly, the comic business being by no means awanting. The reading of 'Bardell v. Pickwick' was suggested by one hon. member, and another offered to sing 'I'm sitting on the Stile,' if the Goliah of the House (Mr. McKean) would consent to dance to it. Thoughtful persons look on aghast at tliis demoralization, and are seriously asking where shall we ultimately drift to. If the Berryitas win they will prove that a minority in the House can rule the country, and we shall then be brought face to face with the startling fact that our present Constitution is an utter failure. As Mr. Wrixon, one of the most able trustworthy men in the House, forcibly put it — ' The hon. member for Ripon and Hampden said the policy of himself and his colleagues would succeed; but he ventured to say that if his prophecy proved true, and the policy was carried out and adopted by the country, his firm conviction was that the country was not adequately ready for self-government What was the position of affairs? They had the Crown not wanting a dissolution, and a House by an overwhelming majority declaring that they were prepared to go without a disso lution; and then they had certain members who were in a minority stepping in and seeking to exercise a power unknown to our Constitution, and incompatible with the working of it, to exercise an absolute veto on all their proceedings. If it was desirable that a minority should, have such power, it could be brought forward as an amendment of the Constitu tion ; but as the Constitution now stood, no. principle lay more at the foundation of self- government than that the House represented the country for the time being. It was only by Tpafnr-iirnTifT that House— which was supposed to represent all the varying feelings and impulses of the people for the time being — that they could have self-government at all, and directly they allowed a small proportion of the members of it to stand up and say they would contravene that principle, directly they would upset self-government. If what was proposed now were done it could be done by any small minority in any future Parliament' The Government are still sternly re solved to fight to the bitter end, and to night will see the commencement of the real downright crisis. Supplies will be asked for, and if the stone wall stops the ?way the country will know who are the cause of the financial pickle that will inevitably follow. Ballarat, the head centre of the stonewallers, was stnmpad again last night by the late Ministers. Very large meetings were held, and the usual ' dissolution' resolutions repeated. iheir hope now is that a tresh breaking out of meetings will produce an impres sion upon our returned Governor. By the time we are well into the coming deadlock perhaps Melbourne and the other iistricts will wake up to the necessity of making counter - demonstrations. Tiie Berry wire-pullers have formed another 'National Reform League of Victoria.' rheir manifesto gives their policy. Fhe first item set down is a [and tax, quite ignoring the fact :hat the Government are now pro posing to deal with the subject. The ;-ther leading idea 13 a reform of the Con stitution, by providing that any measure :hat has been twice passed by the Legis ative Assembly and twice rejected by the Council should be submitted to a plebis ;itum of the electors. We shall soon be irery easily persuaded that we need a lot if 'reforming.' It is to be hoped that your Premier and :he Attorney-General of Queensland, who were favoured with chairs on the floor of :he House, were duly impressed with idiat they saw. Mr. Boucaut should be ible to 'get a wrinkle' from this side as to iiow to deal with your stonewallers of the Upper House. I have not heard of any conference having been held with our Premier as to intercolonial reciprocity. Hie present times are too troubled for us :o give attention to foreign matters, how 3ver important. Outside the financial lebate few matters of importance came under the notice of Parliament during ;he week. In the Legal Professions Amalgamation Bill Mr. Higinbothan got liis clause passed providing for the ad nission of barristers' clerks of ten years' standing as barristers. Mr. Higinbotham ;s still the recognised champion of the State school teachers. He lias again called attention to the delay in regard :o carrying into full effect the regulations is to the salaries and status of the :eachers. The point is to be fully dis missed when the education vote shall ;ome on. The vexed residence clause in he Land Act came on again for discus sion. The present Minister of Lands umounceB that he intends to follow the policy of his predecessor and to deal eniently in regard to residence. He will in bona fide cases consider residence within five miles of the selection as com pliance with the Act. Mr. Casey has been so often attacked in regard to this matter that he has moved for the produc tion of papers in a number of specific jases. In reply to a question the Govern ment stated that they have not written to nor been addressed by the Home authori ties on the subject of the desirability of uinexing New Guinea. The Earl of Car narvon appears to have been labouring under a misapprehension in the matter, judging from his recent communication to the New Guiuea Association. A knight is in the field to contest the seat rendered vacant through the death i)f the Hon. Michael O'Grady. Sir John O'Shanassy has already started for his sanvass of the district. This will some what complicate the position, as Sir John bolds the same views as the Commissioner af Railways, who is also to try for the seat. The former has the advantage A being a Roman Catholic, and is to go in — so rumour says — to wage a relentless crusade against our Education Act In the Ministerial interest it is hoped that one of these contestants will gracefully retire before polling day. Our Governor, His Excellency Sir George Bowen, ha3 received a most hearty welcome home. There is a very general feeling of gladness at his return, not unmixed with regret, on the part of the ladies particularly, that he has not brought Lady Bowen with him. Sir George will not find liimself on a bed of roses. He will need a clear head and a firm hand to steer clear of the rocks during the impending political storm. The Governor made his first public appearance at the distribution of prizes at the Town Hall in connection with the Victorian Rifle Association. His arrival was greeted with round after round of hearty cheering. In spite of all our ' liberal' tendencies we are still loyal ' to the backbone and spinal marrow.' Sir George Bowen has seen so much in America and Europe during his twelvemonth's tour that the hope is expressed that he will publish some account of it. Being no mean litterateur, a work from his hands would be received with interest and with more confidence than frequently attaches to modern books of travel. The Yan Yean supply agitation has somewhat subsided. The indignation meeting was held, and the Water Minister has attempted to soothe the angry passions by explaining, somewhat lamely, that the regulations are not to be retrospective — that the happy possessors of ' screwed taps' need not take off the screw, and that the mysterious 'waste indicating pipe' only means a waste pipe that would be visible to the naked eye of an inspector. The need of strict rules as to the use of the water, in spite of the costly new aqueduct, is explained by the fact that while we liave increased the carriage power to the reservoir at Preston (about six mile3 from Melbourne), we have not yet increased the number of pipes between Preston and Melbourne, only being able to send down 700,000 gallons an hour, whereas 2,000,000 are sometimes wanted, so that we are pretty nearly where we were before. It is concluded that we shall never be safe till we have good-sized reserve reservoirs formed in each of the leading suburban districts. The citizens have passed a re solution 'that the Yan Yean should be purchased from the Government and placed under the management of a metro politan Board of Works.' The medical graduates of our University consider themselves aggrieved by the action recently taken by the Melbourne Hospital Committee. The latter, in the case of the Resident Physician, refused to allow him to transfer his duties to the surgical side of the institution on the ground that the M.B. degree of tho University of Melbourne is not a surgical qualification under the rules of the Hospital The University people are naturally indignant, and are taking step3 to secure in the future the recognition of the surgical status of their graduates. ?: Public uneasiness is' again being felt in regard to the management of our lunatic asylums. The institution at Kew has grown to gigantic proportions. The last set of charges (in the Richard Pryor case) quite broke down, but another more serious case has lately cropped up. A healthy and respectablycon nected man who had only been incar cerated a few weeks died, and the inquest revealed that his ancle-bone and several ribs had been fractured. The verdict after the Coroner's enquiry was that nobody in the Asylum knew anything at all about the fractures. The public are not, however, content, and a most search ing investigation into this and other matters is at once to be made. The Melbourne Quarterly Review has appeared, and is in every re3pect a creditable production. The style of the get-up is similar to that of the English reviews. Several of the articles are well worth perusaL The most notice able are two — one on the ' Political Future of Europe,' in which the writer takes the view that Germany has still a large amount of swallowing to do. The other, on 'History and Geography,' deals trenchantly with the evil practice in our schools known as 'Cram.' While for a first number the Review is a decided success, there is abo the feeling that as a whole its style is somewhat ponderous, and in the future articles racy of Victorian soil will be absolutely necessary to keep the publication alive. The pantomimes still draw. The people who go with one consent abuse the dreary inane performances ; but still they go, the question of whether the actors or audience are more to be pitied being left an open question. You will shortly be deluged with opera. Mr. Ly3ter is getting together a dramatic company to be ready for a star actor from America and the celebrated 'Lord Dundreary.' The Fakir of Oolu is still an attraction with his ghost business and his beautiful illuminated fountain. The Simonsens have arrived, and are organizing an Opera Bouffe Company to do the colonies. Charles Clark is in Tasmania, after which he goes to America. At his present rate of profits I am told he reckons to make a fortune in two years more. Having done that he intends to leave Mammon, and to quietly settle down to give his ser vices as a preacher. De Murska is to treat the music- loving public to two farewell concerts prior to her final depar ture from Australian soil. 