ELBO UR vE. (F'ROa OUR OWN CORIIRSPOiNDEtT.) Friday Evening. Mr. Francis is expected shortly from home, and although lie has written to his friends stating that lie is reluctant to enter into politics again, we know what that kind of resolution means when a man is 16(,000 miles. -fromn the scene of his former battles and triumphlls. When lie arrives he will scent the battle like an old war-horse, and rush to the fray. Riclunonl may be relied upon to return him with lidelity. Other constitu encies will compete with the old one for the honor of being represented by one who has proved himself honest and capable in the past. Iumor has it that MIr. Service and other " orner" men are in communieation with the friends of MIr. Francis. If this lhe so, there can be little doubt that the chief danger which threatens the Ministry is the power and influence that is developing in the Opposition corner, led by Mr. Service, Sir C. G. Duffy, Casey and others. Mr. Hanna is to he opposed, should he again offer himself. It is believed he will seek the shelter of the Council. Mr. S. V. Winter, Mayor of Richmond, will offer him self for Rodney, with the support of Mr. .). Me. Grant, in the Oppositition interest. As he at one time occupied the post of President to the Selectors' Association, he will receive a large amount of support. Mnr. Robert Walsh, the barrister, at one time Attorney. General, will contest South Gippsland with Mlason, and probably beat him. It is said that the Melbourne bookmakers are ready to subscribe money in order to secure the defeat of Mason. The fashions which are coming into vogue on the " block" are getting more and more absurd. I have often seeo ladies wearing beetles, butterflies, and even small birds in their wonderfully constructed hats, but yesterday I met two ladies in Collins-street, and--I amn not joking, I vouch for the fact one had a large, full-grown white seagull, handsonmely stuffed, and occupying a be witching position overhler' I"Pontridge crop," as we say of the short-hair girls one meets about town at present. -Her companion wore a beautifully-polished tortoise oni top of her head. Yeou may smile incredulously, but these are plain sober facts. In England, I hear that so strong is the desire of fashion able young ladies to become like dandies, that they not only crop their hair close, wear tight-fitting coats, and umbrellas tightened so as to resemble sticks and canes, but they put oil delicate moustaches, bewitchingly curled at the corners. Whether this fashion will reach Collins-streect is more than I canl predict, but nothilng is too monstrous or too ridiculous to anticipate. There have been a great many definitions given as to what is meant by saying that a man is "drunsk." Icn the clftirt to fully ex press the degree of intoxication implied by the term, it is softened off by such terms as "jolly," "half tight," "three sheets in tile cwind," and so forth. Yesterday, at the Rich mond Police Court, Sergeant Bailey was giving evidence about a man who had been arrested for intoxication, and the worthy official, for want of a more accurate delinition, informed the magistrates that the prisoner was " morally drunk." I wonder what "immorally" drunk would mean in tile esti mation of this critical policeman. Pedestrianism seems to be coming to the surfsace again, after the exile to which it was banished, in consequence of the perpetual swindling that accompanied it. Frank Hewitt is matched to run Davis, the Ameri can, about Cup-week time; both are inl training, Hewitt at Beechworth, where he is reported to be doing well, asnd to be inl capital form. A curious discovery has been made in Melbourne during the last week. It seems like ans approach to the wooden nutmeg busi ness. At a certain shop in Bourke-strect, where you may rely upon getting good and genuine tobacco, a friend of mine invested inc a plug. In cutting through the fragrant cake, he came upon something hard, which, ons excavating, he found to be a'large Ame rican nail. The incident would not excite much astonishment unless accompanied by the fact that not less than a dozen plugs were found to be similarly loaded. Now news comes from Castleumaine that a gentle man there who affects mild l-avannuahs, ex perienced difficulty in getting one of his favorites to draw. After several futile attempts, he examined the "weed," and hauled out a two-inch nail from the centre. I cannot believe these hardwarb accompani ments are inserted with a view to improving the original flavor of thie leaf, and therefore I lean to the supposition that our American friends, having a short crop of the genuine article, are playing off the wooden hame and wooden oat game on us again. I hope I do them no injustice. I have been reading lately of a very im portant discovery that would be admirably adapted to Australia, especially for picnic parties. MI. IlaOchit, of Tours, has invented a machine called ilMan u de Solaire, or solar stove, by means of which potatoes, meat, &ce.; can be cooked, and anl excellent roei ob tained in the open air. Twenty minutes' bright sunshine is all that is required to cook a joint, and in hot countries, where fuel is scarce, the invention will be. valuable. Per haps our ancestors knew something of this kind before fire was invented. Saturday Evening. There is very little of fresh news to report in the political world. The National Reform League is now self-reformed and re-consti tuted, and it bids fair to become a potent lever during the next election. Local Leagues should everywhere be formed and conducted with energy and determination. The Free Trade Leagues are reedy shadows. There is neither sense nor substance about them. Poor Colin Campbell, 1. L. A., wanted a billet. He knew lie could not get back to Parliament, so he hit upon the expedient of getting himself appointed paid secretary to the Free Trade League. So far he has had a rather pleasant time of it, and money has been poured in and been poured out in a most lavish style. Now some of the subscribers want to know where the funds have gone to, and why more is required. Colin points innocently to a month's screw still unpaid, and looks imploringly at his questioners. What can they do? Their hearts are not made of flint or steel, so they give way and curse themselves afterwards for being so soft. Your member, Mr. Conner, has got himself into a comical situation. He has long been debating metaphorically whe ther it will be best to run with the hare or the hounds. He has tried the arduous feat of keeping pace with both, in consequence of which the Opposition will not receive him, and the Government will not trust him. This is particularly painful. He is like Mahomet's coffin, and is like to remain in a similar state of suspense until after the general election, when, no doubt, if he has not made up his mind which Way he will go, the electors will have settled the matter satisfactorily for him. An inquest was held on the body of the poor jockey, Blackburn, who was tlhrown from his horse and injured in one of the lhurdlo races run at Wilson's Circus. It was shown in evidence. that the deceased was riding that celebrated old steepliclaser, All Fours, and that the accident resulted solely from an imprudence of the deceased. Mark Lyons, the diamond man, who was arrested some weeks ago on the arrival of the Northumberland at the instigation of Lord Carnarvon, and subsequently released, was again arrested yesterday, the warrant and depositions against him having arrived by the late mail. The caso will not be heard till Tuesday. Of amusements in Melbourne at present we have absolutely a surfeit.. The Theatre Royal and thli Opera House are fairly patronised, and the bill of fare presented in each place is good. Then we have the Circus, ' doing an immense business on an immense scale. Wilson numbers his spectatorsm by thousand, nos hundreds. - They see plesnty that is worth seeing, and if they are fond of the sensational there is always the chance of ua man or twvo' liing killed." St. George's hall is getting stale, and fails to draw as it did when the Fakir of Oolu was new and his tricks fresh.' The Colosseum is' a peculiar place, whore every variety of entertainment is offered. It is the realisation of the Charley Napier of Ballarat in its roaring days. You can hear nigger minstrels, see Colly and the nigger dancers on pedestals, hear ladies singing breakdowns, witness Azzella, the lady gymnast, on the trapeze with Vertelli, her male compantion; and while you are admiring the wonderful per formances of these astonishing performers, you can smoke your pipe and drink your beer in the easy style of. the London Coal lHole. Such is the Colosseum. In all the suburbs companies are trying to extract shillings from the residents as payment for the musical genius presented, but tihe subur bans are a close-fisted generation, very loth to cart. the Davenports are coming back for the Cup week, and so is Roberts, the billiard champion. I am told he is to take the Town Hall and give what the Yankees call an allniglhty exhibition to mtale and female admirers of the cue at million prices. Then Sims Reeves is cotming, and an Italian Opera Company is on the water to arrive. When otur country visitors come to town in tihe Cup week, it is to be hoped that they will bring down fat purses to meet the assaults that will be made on their good nature and generosity. I don't know how many enticing bazaars are fixed for the Cup week, but I believe there is not a single hall or public room disengaged. So look out-one and all ; hawks and pigeons, spitlers and flies. Tie Cerberus has been on a cruise down the Bay, and if accounts are to be trusted her gunners are most astonishing marksmen. A Russian man-of-war would be riddled before it advanced a quarter of a mile up the South Channel. Report says they put up targets which disappeared like ghosts directly they were fired at. The gunners never missed it. This is eminently satisfactory, when you remember that each shot fired by the Cerberus costs abouit £14 17s. lid., even for practice ! This is about the price per head at which we should slay the invaders, if they ever dare venture in the dangerous waters of Port Plhillip. Collisions between ships and steamers are becoming the rule rather than the exception. This morning, as the Eastern and Australian steamship Company's mail steamer, Nor manby, was approaching the Sandridge Pier, in charge of Pilot Lewis, at about fouro'clock, she collided with the steamship Durham, lying alongside the pier, and carried away tihe former's jib-boosm. She struck tle latter vessel aft, but without doing any further damage than scraping the paint and sm:iia ilg a rail or two. The Normanby was im mediately hove to, and her anchor let go, somte distance out from the pier till daylight, when site was taken alongside and berthed. The only damage sustained by the Normanby is the smashing of her spar, which can be repaired with little expense, and without delay. Had it not bee for tihe Durham, considerably.more damage would no doubt have resulted from the accitdent, which occurred through the steamer having been kept under too great a way on approaching tihe pier. I have been shown this morning a sample of artificial leather, which has been recently invented. The substance is called vegetable Icather, and is manufactured from seaweed in the following manner :-The seaweed to be operated upon is formed into a concen trated decoction, in which sheeoots of carded wadding are soaked. The wadding is then placed on hot polished metal plates. The sheet is afterwards rapidly drictd, and o removing it from the plate the surface of the wadding next the metal is found to possess a gloss resemblling leather. Tihe sheets of prepared wadding are then rolled and com pressed between heated metal cylinders. A coating of boiled oil, followed by one of vegetable wax, is then applied, and the sheet is again rolled to soften it. Thus finished, it may be easily bronzed or colored, when it is undistinguishable from leather in appearance. I need scarcely say that the new preparation is useful only for fancy work andt ornamentallpurposes, as it possesses none of the enduring qualities of the ordi nary animal substance. I feel sure, how ever, that before long some dishonest boot maker will make cheap fascinating shoes from the new stuff, and then I pity the man who ventures out in wet weather, if he does not desire to stand in a pulpy mass. Another invention deserving notice is the air-propelled street car, a specimen of which is now on its road here for Messrs. Courcier and Adet, wine merchants. The merit of inventing this new vehlicle belongs to a Polish mechanician residing in Paris, namned lH. Mlekarki. Hle has apparently discovered a new mode of applying compressed air as a motive power for propelling street cars. At the bottom of the car is a series of cast-iron cylinders, to contain the compressed air. These are filled after each double journey by condensing engines erected at the point from which the car starts. On leaving the cylin drical reservoirs, the compressed air, which is at a pressure of twenty-five atmospheres, passes into a reservoir of hot water fixed at the front of the car, at the place where the driver stands. It thus becomes saturated with steam at a high temperature. 'Thence the mixture of air and stcatm is conducted to the engine wvlich sets the wheels in motion, and is fixed beneath the car. The compressed air acts as tihe motor of the engine in the same manner as steam does in an ordinary locomotive. Very ingenious arrangements are made for preventing leakage, and also for regulating the pressure of the heated air. Tihe working of the car is said to be perfectly noiseless, and it can be slacked, reversed, or increased in speed with the greatest ease. The experience of its working in Paris is said to be very satisfactory. 