TURF GOSSIP. LBr Outsedeb.I The early intimation siren by the South Australian Jookey Club of their next racing fixture will enable trainers to get their horses well into work for the approaching Spring Meeting,* whloh is set down, for the- latter end of September, This arrangement will exactly - suit some of oar leading- stables, that will at that time have - their, horses ip. training for the November Spring Meeting of the Y.R.O. at Remington, Like last year, the September Races of the S,A.J.01ub will be "only one day. The deficiency, if >ny, in the sport will be made good by the Adelaide Hunt Olnb holding their annnal Steeplechase Meeting two days after. The interest which is attached to onr May Meeting will to "a great extent be missed in. September; from the faot that no Melbourne horses will be able te pay us a visit at that particular time of the year, so that we shall be left to the alternative of racing amongst ourselves. But for all that, there is no reason to fear from the number, ef good horses at onr oommand bat that a first-olaas day's raoing will be the result. The programme whiohkas been issued by the Olnb, is arranged in snoh a manner as to suit nearly all classes of horses accustomed to the turf. The ball will open with the Maidens, a "sweepstakes of 5 sovs. eaoh, with 50 sovs. added ; one mile, Then comes the South Australian Jookey Olnb Derby of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 15 sovs. added, entries for whioh oloaed with 26 nominations some months ago, out of which number no doubt a very good field of three-year-olds will put in an appearance, and Presumption, Pride of theQills, andNeckersgat, will fighttheir battles over again. The trainers ef these three oolts are alike sanguine as to the issue, so that a fine set-to may be looked for towards the finish of this race. The Selling Race is a sweepstakes of 4 sovs. each, with 5# sovs. added; one mile and a half, the selling conditions and allowances being similar to those which have been run under the S. A; J. Olnb, The great race of the day will bo the Oity Handioap of 10 ievs. each, with 100 sovs. added, .one mile and three quarters and 132 yards. A large number of horses will be nominated for this race, and if the handioapper should be fortunate enough to appor tion the weights satisfactorily, a good field and a fast raoe should be ths result. The Shorts of 20 sovs., half a mile, weight for age; and the Haoka~of 15 sovs., a mile and a half, catch weights, conoludes the programme. Nomina tions for the Oity Handioap, with a fee of 1 sov.,-and entrance .of another sov., must be in the hands of the Secretary before 4';o'olookl on Monday afternoon, the 31st July, weight declared on the 10th August, and accejstanoes made, good by 4 o'olook on the afternoon of' general entry, the 7th September. On the 7th: A ngust entries will also have to be made for the followingSouth Australian St. Leger and Two- Year-old Stakes, Autumn Meeting," 1877; and the South Australian Derby, Spring Meeting, next year. These three events are under theTame rules and conditions as for merly. The Melbourne Cap weights, published last • week, have given anything but satisfaction both here and in Melbourne, and, from what I " hear, I believe there is every probability of some of onr best horses being among the. absentees on the day - of acceptance,, through being outweighted as compared'with others that have been more leniently dealt with, The most favored of the Sonth Australian division are Superstition and .Venus, at 6 st. 12 lbs., and Pride of the Hills at 6 st. 4 lbs, The firsts named should, if fife on the day, be able to make something of a show in the .Oup with that weight. As regards the o'her nominations from here, I don't believe ..they will stand a., ghost of a ohanoe, However,- when the accep tances are deolared a: better estimate will be : formed of Mr. Barnard's handiwork. It will be remembered that a few days prior t# the last; May Meeting Mr, W. Hutchison's promising colt Terllnga broke down at Hilton in one of his final- gallops.- -At vhe-timothe injnry he received was considered to be of a trivial nature, and it has been decided to throw him out of work for a few months. A few weeks ago he was sent to Melbourne, consigned to the care of Mr. W. W, Dakin, for the purpose - of being trained for the V.R.O, Spring Meet ing. I hear, however, that on closer inspection what was considered at first to be a slightsprain - of his near fore leg, turns out to be mora serious, so much so, that it -is thought his oareer on the tnrf is at an' end. Being a. fashionable bred horse, a son of Lucifer and Black Oipsy, the dam of Pride of the Hills, for— hls services at the stud,. no doubt he will be found to be a valuable acquisition, Tho Munumbidgee Turf Club's programme, ' for the first week in December, appears in-last week's Australasian. On the first day will be run for the Wagga "Wagga Gold Onp, valued at 100 sovs., the gift of John Cox, Esq., 1 with 1,000 guineas added from the Olnb, together with a sweep of 10 sovs. each ; two miles. There are. also, a Grand - stand Handioap of 300 soys. ; a Maiden Plate of 125 sovs.; Town . Plate of 500 " sovs.;, and some of the other 'minor events have, been very : liberally looked to. Snob an attractive programme as this will surely oommand the attention it deserves from all - those in any way interested. The nominations for the Gold Gap close on the 1st August. 