MELBOURNE PUNCH TO THE HON. GEORGE HIGINBOTHAM, M.P. SIR.—I gather from your retirement from the Legislative Assembly, that you are beginning to be sick of Democracy, and of the fruits it bears. It. is almost time. You are not the first that has made the discovery that, the ideal systems of government of which we dream in our youth, and over which we ponder with Plato in the one hand, and John Stuart Mill in the other, are utterly incapable of realisation. They are very beautiful and very alluring in the abstract, but they are miserable failures in the concrete. What can be more charming than the phantasy of the Commonwealth iu which all men shall be equal before the law, all shall have an equal voice in making the laws and in administering them, and every citizen shall count for as much, in adding up the political sum. as the richest, ablest and most eminent of his fellows ! It is like that vision of a colony which Shakespeare, who stole ideas as well as venison, borrowed without acknowledgment from Montaigne, and made Gonzalo talk about. In thip " plantation" everybody was to be " innocent and pure." There was. to be " no sovereignty," and All things in common nature should produce Without sweat or endeavour: treason, felony, Sword, pike, knife, gun, or need of any engine, Would I not have; but nature should bring forth, Of ite own kind, all foison, all abundance, To feed my innocent people." But there is one factor in the question which all political idealists lose sight of ; and that is rather an important one. It is—human nature. What is the use of attempting to secure political equality, when mental equality is out of the question ? It is the most palpable of fallacies, the stupidest of lies, to assert, as the American " Declaration of Independence " sets out by declaring, " that all men are created equal." Not only are all men not created equal but they come into the world as unequally endowed, as are the booby, the tortoise, the hog, the horse and the elephant respectively. If there are hundreds of human beings superior to the elephant in point of intelligence, there are hundreds of thousands of men and women intellectually inferior to that sagacious and reflective animal; quite apart from the fact that that inferiority is so often intensified by habits of drunkenness. glutton}' and sensuality, such as no beast ever degrades himself by indulging iu, unless he has been depraved by domestication. And yet, with these obvious, innate and congenital inequalities staring us in the face, what do we do ? We invest the sage and the fool, the prudent and the untlmft, the sober and the sot. with the same political powers and privileges; and we expect impossibilities from certain classes of the community. We appeal to the reason and understanding of men who can neither reason nor understand. We expect ^liberation and judgment from persons whose misfortune it is that f they are incapable of being moved by anything but passion and: prejudice. We endeavour to manufacture statesmen out of hej^fStol? wood and drawers of water; and we are disappointed 1 experiment proves to be an utter failure. Why not attr-i a Venus de Medici out of a lump of bluestone withajfs Ther : must be men who are qualified to nUgf*"*" maturity their minds, and there must 1 to be ruled. Thi6 is treason against the know. I do not care two straws, howie do care a very great deal abouty^g J "impugn it, who list." And"i ''".irf ,t when you feei called upon to decide sonv important x[u< Connected with the government of your own household, you do uot remit the question for decision to your cook, housemaid and gardener. Nevertheless this is how we proceed in the conduct of our political affairs, and the consequence is the drawingroom and the library are invaded by persons who would be useful and happy in their proper spheres, but who are sonly mischievous as our masters and stewards. Nature is wiser than we are, and indicates the functions /which..each of us should discharge aadthe part which each of us should play. Take 6ome of the members of the late Ministry, for example. Study their countenances, examine their minds, listen to their language, and watch tkeirhabits and demeanour; and you will see that while they are only thc burlesque6 of statesmen, they are well qualified to become useful members of society in other walks of life. As a Cheap Jack in the Eastern Market, Mr. Berry's volubility and "cheek" would be invaluable to him. As a gentleman's valet, Mr. W. C. Smith would be quite in his element. As the overseer of a shop full of mechanics, Mr. Woods would earn a respectable livelihood. As a cattle droved, Mr: Munrb would become quite jovial and genial. And outside of a butcher's shop in Whitechapel, crying, " Buy, buy! Wliat'll ye buy ?" Mr. Paterson's strong voice and rough manner would pull the customers in by dozens on a Saturday night. Let us not blame them because they are such abject failures In politics. " It is the attempt and not the deed confounds us." It is our system which is chiefly in fault. When you make the acquisition of £300 a year, and the possibility of obtaining £1000 or £2000, depend upon the capability of a conscienceless man to talk glib clap-trap to a crowd of beerbemused electors, without the ghost of an idea among the whole lot of them, you offer an irresistible temptation to " the needy, the seedy, and the greedy" to clamber into Parliament. And they do so; a good many of them afterwards finding their way into thi prisoner's dock. But don't you think events are ripe for the abolition of such an unsatisfactory state of things ?—Yours, MELBOURNE PUNCH, 