Electoral.— From all that wo can gal her there is every likelihood that thera will bo a plethora of candidates for parliament at the forthcoming election, and that nil the seats in the North-Eastern District, at any rate, will be keenly contested Two gentlemen have already declar.'d themselves, and their brclimitmrv addresses ntmcur in' nnothev column. Mr Geo. Billsomjdn old and highly respected citizen of Bscworth, who lies for yonrs past taken uifv Jinterest in.pnblio affairs, and on more tli'nn utio occasion. been elected mayor of the town,lhas signified his intention ot contesflng-the ; Ovens; in oppo- sition to Messrs Kerferd add Smith, who have been regarded for i some time ! past as having a lifo.'tenuro of-.that constituency; For Moira, which is to have two members; Mr Alex. Tono .announces himself as a can didate, and 'with very fair prospects of Bucerss, as. Mr Tono Ms. deservedly papular, having for years pnst .been n member of the municipal council of . Wnugarnttn, and an useful public nian. Both tlicso gentlemen arc already prosecuting hit' active canvass", and both : believe they have, a" good show of success. , El Dorado.— It is a long time coming, but we . believe it will come. Tito most ex-, perienced men have stuck so persistently by thisjocality, that it must provo good in the end. _;The Ovens Gpld and Tin, after driving about 120 feet towards the north, came on a dip which makes it necessary to sink the pre sent shaft' seven feet deeper. Mr. Cook, the mining manager, immediately drove across the dip with .very good prospects. Tlicy Would probably have the fresli sinking done early next week, when they would commence to put in their chamber so as to be in a position to taku out wash dirt. The Welling ton collapsed through the tloocls in October, but will probably he continued by a new company increasing the number1 of share holders to 150 of .£30 each, and ' registering under the Limited 'Liability Act. The new company expect to.Lo in full work again by Christmas, or the New Year The MciCvoy, or the Unite I El Dorado Company, after two years hard 'light to get oil the old bottom lead, were obliged to abandon' Unit project, ami are now going on the lop floor. Thoy have opened out on Hint run witli capital pro spects. The lied Hover Company lias lost several of its working shareholders, but those who have stuck to it have been blasting through a reet, nntl have come on bet'er wash dirt than before. Altogether we believe this locality will 'presently prove worthy of all the dependence which some experienced, and courageous men have placed upon it. The men who know it best have, in tact, stand their whole iorLunes upon its ultimate pros- periliy. Laxity — A few of the Wnngnvatta tor ritoriiil magistrates tiro exceedingly ctireie.-s concerning their duties. On Monday there were several rather imporlunt cases to ho adjudicated upon at the police court, some of tho parties interested having come a tlistaneo. of over twenty miles, but in tile absence of several magistrates they had to be postponed for a week owing to Thursday being a pubt.c holiday. This laxity looks very bad, when one of our magistrates actually refused tu visit the police court to attend to his duties. Wo regret to learn that Mr Walter Butler is iudisposed. r Annu.il meetin03 op Smuts Councils — Tho regular aiinttal meetings of all shires will be hold to-day, under the olauso in the- Ac: for tho reception and consideration of the acoounts for the preceding year made up to and nndited to the 80th September. Th- auditors, Messrs A. L. Ely, nntl Wua. Newsou have beeu busy with tbo Uoech worth Shin- books for tbo last fow days, un-l only com pleted thorn, we bolieve, last night. „ Beeciiwoiitii Warden's OouttT. — The War den having viewod tho ground iu tho ease of Hawortb and others v Phillips and others, for interference with a race a', tho Lower Tina- Mile, it will bo heard beforo tho Wnrtlon, Mr Pitoairu, at Dusobworth, Ibis rawrniug. This otiso has cxcilod a good deal of interest.. Mr Brown appears for tbo ooinplaiuatits, and Mr Ziuoko for tlie defendants. YAOKANDASUAn — Our correspondent writes'! — " Tho inspector has fiuished Ihe examina tion for results at our state school. Tiro nutnbeif of children present was 221, and the percentage gained, 83'5. This must ha most satisfactory to Mr Broun vo tied his staff, not only from a pecuniary point of view, bnt ns showiug to tho public the efficient org-iuisitiou of tbo establirhmQiit. Nothing but disap pointment lust wank— at tbo Shiro Ouuuoil on Thursday, tit the police court on Friday. Tho police magistrate not appearing, ihiH court had to be adjourned by I bo local ,T. P., Mr Galbrailli, till Friduy, Iho 1st December. Tbo non- appearance of Mr Pi-cairn ..was it maltor of tnuuh surpriso and vexation, ar lhat gentleman had himseif postpone I tho in rat important o :t>os to that day. A la-go numb ;r of expectant litigants and witnesses were as sembled, one witness having come all thoiyuy from Seymour. Mr Pitcairti b is alway- been so punctual and attentive, that I have no doubt he.bad a most SfttisfacUry reason for not tittouding." Tun Weatue.! and tub Gitors. — Tito wo'- oomo and genial rain which oommeuccd in all parts of theso districts on Wcdncsley night at 12 o'olocit lasted until after midnight on Sunday, oo.itiutiing with few inter missions, souotimos attc rnip auied b,v lightning and thunder. During this time (tout- day-) it rallied no loss than -1.83, or nearly live incite -, as recorded at the Brochwot ili district stitvoy offiso, hut was so equally d'mibuinl as lo time, that it caused no liools t> spa. I; of, Ini'. sank into tho ground ; and what was not directly absorbed by tho thirsty craps, fruit trees and pasture, went to feed she nearly exhausted springs. Wo fee! that wo are within Ihe mirk in saying tbtt cou-il-.t-. ing the warm do.vup >ur' came just as the wheat was in oar; it was as good as an inoroaso of two bushels to the acre of that crop, and iuoreasad ail others in proportion, .not to speak of the immense good it will have done to gardens, orchards, anil vineyards. We learn from a correspondent, who, during last week, visited Aluury, Wodonga, Bright, Tarrawingee, Oxloy, and. the Upper King, that all tho cereals look remarkably well — the wltoaL luokiiig especially so -on the deep loam and -dark clay laud, but, of course,, not so flourishing on the light red or study soils or land already partially exhausted. Tlie smut has made its appearance at Wooragee and the Upper King in wheat, and at Oxley and Terra wingee in Tartarian oats, bnt not to any extent. The few who had early liny .crops out will, of course, suffer a little in the color of thoir prodnc-, hut not materially in its quality. ,, Even sheep farmers, who might with ordinary rain, have sustained losses amongst tiieir newly-shorn flocks,- are re lieved from., all anxiety by tlie extreme warmth of the atmosphere all through the rainy days nntl nights. Tho slulcers, a so, had a line opportunity of getting rid of the wnshdirt which was accumulating but too rapidly, many of them taking advnntnge of tho water by night us well as day. There are nothing except mutual congratulations on all sides, . TELEOitAPmo. — It is notified that the tele graphic offioo at Lome, Gape Otway, has been ro-opened for tho transmission aud rocopD-,, of messages, Wanqaiutta Police 0ootir.--0n Monday, beforo the Mayor, Jomos O'Leary was charged with being drunk and disorderly, aud dis- ohargod. Soma unimportant a.isos in tho ab- seuoeof asetiond magistrate woro adjourned, Ovens Distmot Hospital.— At tho ordioory mealing of. the oommitloo of this institution lo l-.'c held' this evening, opplioations for the ojiro of oollootor are to bo oausidered, but as thero is some probability that ths question may ariso ns to whether, in the opinion of tho committee, a regular paid oollootor might not bo dispensed with altogether, wo presume thai this will ho settled beforo the applica tions tiro opened, Bosides, the feirnosB of this course lo (lie appHoants themsolves iltero ovo roasuus which are likely to recommeud it to the members of oommUleo thomsolvcg. We have heard there are liltoly to bo botweon 20 aud 30 applications for the appointment. BEKoiiwonin Private Assembly Ball.— The last of the series for this sea-o.i of theso very pleasant off lira will bo held at tho Town Hell uoxt Friday evening. Cricket. — On Thursday next tin eleven from Bennlla will pay a visit to Becchworth to play a match against the local club. This is, wo believe, the first lime litese two clubs lmveinet, and a close and interesting game is looked'.forward to, more especially ns Mr Dynes, of Wdngarntta, a bowler who litis already iiiadc. his mark in the district, will play with Benaiia. The visiting team will consist of Brock, Clark, McDonnell, Ilynes, Louclij'Fnvquhar, MoLcnti, Hughes, Harris, .Short, -"and- Taylor. Emergency, Chandler; umpiro, W. L. Martyr; scorer, Knox. Tlie Becchworth team will be chosen, from the following : —1 Ityan, Goldsworthy," Miller, Strugncll, Cottlson, Cnttcii, llollis, England, Tnrltoh, F. Allen, ..Thomson, II.1 Fisher, and McKiotm. -.Umpire, G'.Gummon. Examination op' Teaoiiebs,— An examina tion of, tenohora nnd.onudtdntes for employ ment as loaobors in Stato sobools will be held at the Stato sohool, Booobwortb, on Thursday arid .-Friday, the 21st aud. 22.nd. next. Can didates' must "state whether thoy wish to be examined for a liaeUBO 'to teach, or a certifi cate of aompotenoy, and othor particulars and ooiiditions will - bo found in' our advertising coimnus. , , Fueaic op Natore,— A hen belonging to Mr Impoy, of Spring Greek, to , hor own surprise wo have no doubt, aud still more 'to that of hor offspring, hatched n ohiokon' which had two heads with two complete bonks, hut only throe eyes. I Whetbor tho mother wns so pnzzletl ns to which month slio had to feed that sho supplied neither, or -that tho ohiok did not know which head properly belonged to it, or whether two bonds woro renlly bettor than one, it soems to have come to tho con clusion that it was " all n muddle," and gavo up the questions and' the ghost together. Myrtleford Baoes.— The good folks of Myrtloford intend holding their annual rnoa meeting on their piotiireBquely Bituated ground on Friday, 5th January. Tho pro gramme consists of six events, Ihe added money amounting to £110. Tho chief ovc-uls are the Myrtleford Handicap— for which no minations must bs sent iu lo llto hon. secre tary, Mr J. H. Hart, on or before llto 30th November — of 50 sovs.. r.bont two miles ; tbo Pnbliaau's Purse, of 80 s.-va., a milo and three-quarters ; tlio Maiden Plate, 20 sovs., a mile nud.a half. I.eeohwortii First Prospectino Associa- rtoN. — Tho 200 additional shares ' issuod by this oempauy uro now in'tbe mnrkot, malting the total number of sbares 000; Vree Trade. — Tho couimittco of the BeeeltwortU branch of llto Free Trade League f Yioloria met yesterday afternoon, tlioro being present: Mes-rs Toifnr.l (chairman), Uamtnon, H. A. Orawfonl. ti. Boss, K. H. Itumlle, It. Finolr, W. L. Ziucke, nntl J. It. Orotic. Tho amended rules wore discussed and adopted with som-? slight modifications, and a considerable amount of routine busi ness IriiUBucti.'d, T.utn-.wisaEE Si.ddoe Channel.— A pnblie meeting will lie held at the He-I Lion Hotel, Tarrawingee, next Saturday eveniug to reoeivo tho report of Mr W. Ward as to the result of his interview with Uio Chief Secretary oon- eereiug the sludge channel, it id to consider ulterior proceedings, AMVrt-un Oonoert. — On 'Thursday ovening a grand nmntonr vucal and instruinental concert will ba hold in St. George's Hal',- Becchworth, in aid of tho funds of the Beechworih Cricket Club. A rno-t nttraetivo programme will bo prese.ntol, wltou, besides the local talent, several petit'emeu from l'.Hiialla will take part. Tito names of Mesdamos ICayo and Clenry, Mdtlos. Wailo and Yandonberg, and M- ssrs La v, Greoufiold, Tarltou, Jarvis, and nlbtrs, trio a sufficient guarantee, that mrtsioally spe thing the affair will lib a'succcsL The lleuaila c-inlimteut will include Messrs W. L. Martyr, tenor ; G. Lonob, oomio ; au-1 E. Brown, whose eccen tricities must bo seen to ho appreciated. Bohemians v BntoriT. — Tho Bohemian Cricket Team, composed of members of vari ous clubs in ami around Melbourne, who travel through tire country in search of crickottiug adventures ami worthy opponents, intond to be nt Bright on Thursday uoxt, 23rd instant, to try uuticlnsions with lite local Shire Club. Tbo Beech worth llrnss Baud will play on the ground, and at tbo ball in the evening by which this pleasant affair is to be wound up. Anoriox Sales.— Mossrs J. H. Gray and Co. have a number of sales advertised for the next few days. To-morrow (Wednesday) in addition to the usual fortnightly cattle sale, they will dispose of 200 head pure Iecly ator.i cows, -15-llead mixed storo cattle, 50 head of cattle; 15 horses— hacks mi l light harness, and also 4 draught and 2 saddlo horses. On the snrno day, at their mart, Betehworth, they will offer, by instructions from Airs W. E. Allen, who is deolining business, tho proporly known as tho Mitrmungoo Hotel, consisting of a briok store and public-house of five rooms with delatehed weatherboard oottnge aud out houses, aud 255 acres of freehold land mostly uloared and fenced, well grassed and water-) i. Tho furniture and stuck may alto be tah-n at a valuation. On Saturday l uo same flrin will sell at the resideueo of .Mr Ab x. Ho.lgors, 'Oomo," Oxloy-ruad, near Wangir-itta, with out any reserve, the wbolo of that getnkmau's household furniture mid t ffects ; and also in llto insolvent ostnto of Mr Jul Kiel.i, tba' v.iluablo property known as Ktoly's farm in 1 be_ parish of Hedi, compriting 100 i-.cl'r a agricultural -and grazing land adj -ining the Stockwhip Creek, ,'1'iie laud iB Hdinirubly adapted either for c-thivalieti or for dairying purposes The Hkv. It. K, Ewino,— At tho enrncst s rliditalion of a number of tho members of tho Presbyterian Gliureb, Becolrwortb, this geutlomsn proaohtd an abio and olequout sor- tnoti in that plaoo of - worship on- Sunday evening, to a large and thoroughly appreciative congregation. Great sympathy. is lolt at the treatment the roveroutl gentleman has rc- dt-ived nt tho hnnds of the Assembly, audit is likely an influential expression of practical sympalhy will ba given in ltis favor. Ooriainly ho has been orttolly and wiokedly fronted by tho'Josuits who sat upon him. Wants at yaoiandandau. — Mj Wm. G. Alexander purposes to instruct a few pupils on advanced subjeots at Ynokandandnh by day or evening. He also announces himself as prepared to not as laud or oommission agent, or write business letters or documents of a aonfldonlial nature. He will thus supply several requirements for a long limo existing in that looality, nud v,-o feel sure that whatever .Mr Alexander underlnkos to do, he will, do well and thoroughly, Fishino and Picnic Parties.— A happy thought" has been started by Mr II. Yttnden- berg of Everton, who is: prepared to convoy parties, on fishing or picnicking thoughts Intent, from tlio railway station there lo nny part of lho„ Ovens ilivcr, at very moderate fares. When tho muddy waters begin to subside, after tho late rains, fish will be easily taken ; nud there tire several pretty spots along the river bank where fishing, flirtation, and ul fresco luncheon can nil go on together. . Tub Ewino Case,— Wo are indebted to our contemporary, The Argus, lor a full report of this painful ease, wliioh appears in our fourth P'gO. Qoick Work. — Our Syduoy morning ox- changes roaohod this office by train yostorday at half-past two o'olock. This 'would have taken a weak lo accomplish ton years ago. Land Board, Yackandandaii.— A land hoard will bo hold at Yaoltandandah on Tuesday, tho 28th inst., at oiovon o'clock a.m., hut there ere only nino appliontious lo be oon- Bidercd, Hf-eobworth Post Office Savinob Bane, —Tho iollowing are tho retnrns of tho Booob wortb Post Offioo Savings Bank, for tho woek endiug Nov. 18th, 1875, Bhowing tho number ot doponits, the amount deposited, tho nnmbor aud amount of tho withdrawals, and the number oi books issued : — Deposits 13 Amount £21 16 0 tiooka issuod 2 Withdrawals..,.,, u, 8 Amount...., £18 19 1 Tiie:London Kbef.— ' Tito: owners iof this celebrated reef at Morse's Creek liavo had a crushing, and- iiavo obtained 311 ounces gold for a month's work, : \ / Public. Holiday. — It is notified for public' information that on Thursday tlie 23rd o£ November instant, being tho Anniversary of tiio Day of tho Proclamation of " Tho Con stitution Statute," and appointed by The Civil Service Act, No. I GO, to ho ob-ervcil ns a Holiday, the Public Offices will he closed. The New Bishop of Melbourne.—' Wo understand thnt information lias boon received to tho effect lhat the Eight Bov. Dr Moor- houso, tlie new Lord Bishop of Melbourne, left London on the IGth inst. Photography.— Mr Bichards, photographer, of Sturt street Bailarat, hns by a neries of ex periments rocontly diseovorad tho secret of producing what is termed tho " mezzotint vignetlo." Tho process is patoutod in Eng land, but not in lito colony. Tho offoot oi it is to impart a poouliar sottuess and beauty to a vignette, by producing on lbs background a number of indistinct wavy lines. Soma specimens of tho art, exposod in Mr Biohards' window on Saturday evening, attracted groat attention. O. E. Jones. — Some timo ngo the intelli gence ronched this colony, through vtho American press, that the well-known O. E. Jonos had bean killed in a railway accident in tho United States, and tho bolief has over siuce prevailed that he is dond. . Snob, how ever, is not tho oasc. By tho last Oaliforhian mail, Dr Macartney has receive d n letter from an ox- Treasurer in tho United States, giving ' some particulars as to tho whereabouts of Mr Jones, and making certain onquirios concern ing his antecedents in Victoria, Site for School at Boorqunyah. — Tho followiug site. has boon temporarily reserved : — Four aoroB three roods Ihirty-nino porohos, oounty of Eogong, town of Boorgunyah ; Com mencing at the souh-west anglo of tho sito, being a point bearing oast one olmin. fifty links from the soot-east : anglo of allotment 8 of section. 80, parish of North Baruawartha ; bounded thenoo by roads bearing respoalivoly north seven ohains seven links, east seven oluiius seven links, south seven chains seven linkn, and west seven, ohains. seven links to tho poiut of commenoerncnt. Insolvency Meeting at Wangaratta. — A meeting was held oh Friday at Wangaratta, before Mr Marsden in the estate of Charles Diston of Oxley. Mr J. Norton appeared for the official assignee. The following debts were proved, viz , King and Parsons, £105 8s 9d ; and J. P. Dalton, £2 5s. Mr Walter Gadd represented King and Parsons. No other creditor attended, and the meeting lapsed. Heab Him Preach. — " Tho world abounds with wonders and alao with victims. In man is mora wiotoboduoss than in all other animals put together; Man loves life, yot' he knows ho must die ; nponds bis existence in diffusing the miseries, which be hns suffered — culling tho throats of ltis ' folio .v-orranireB for pay, ch-aling and being ulieitod. Tho bulk of maukiatl aro nothing more than a crowd of wretohes — equally crimitiitl, equally uufortiinato. I wUh I had never been born. — ToHuire. A groat many other people would have wished s-i too. TnE Blind who Led the Blind. — " I soom affrighted aud eoufoitmle i wi.lt tlio solitude in wlttoh I am place 1 by my philosophy. When I look abroad, on every aide I see dispnte, contradiction, ami distrnoli.iu. When I turn my eyes inward I flu. I nothing but doubt and ignorance. Wbete am 1 1 Fr-mr whet cause do I derive my t-xisteuce 7 To what condi tion shall I return ? I t, in confounded with these questions. I begin to fanoy myself in a most deplorable oniiilitioii —environed with tiro deopost d t-kuoss oti cv- ry side;" — "David Hum-." Snake— Suakon may. Itav.t their ' u.tos -at a distanue, but th y are not pleasant near homo. Dr. Bioharil»nu is t ronbled with ;nt , his suitko- ship being supposed to be of the brown species, atid being of rhi- onlti-dox lenetb, viz., "fiVo feot. It was seen in the drawing room -of that geutiomau'fl house on Sunday monriag- ,/ gliding itcross it, and, being attacked, got o S through a French wiud .v,-, and wis no mict." to bo seou. It is suppose t it got under- tbo boards of tiro verandah. It is not lcuowu.what induced tire l-eptilo to )iay a v! -it so oloso to tho towu, but it is not imp ssible the water in; the Lake in Ghihora Park may have attracted it. We woro told the o- lir.v day the rotten and hollow logs about the Park cfcro_a harbor for suak-s and that Eotu-i ha 1 been soon. — Federal S'amhtrd. School Buildinos.' — Tho fd:owing con tracts have beeu auoeptud : — Erection of State sohool, Tallan.-aUit, No. 1635, It. W. H. Browne, £222 8s ; erection of Sta'-1 school and quarters, Wodonga West, No. 1058, Edward Hope, £-160 14s 3d. Commissioners of thi; Sopbeme Court. — His Honor tiro Chief -Tustieo has h-en p'tossed to appoint the undermentioned geirtlemnu to be commissinnerg of. tba Snpreuu Cnnrt of tire oolony of Vietoria for lalting i-ffi layits ; — Cornelius By'an and Edward O: illy, poTioa couitableB nt Y-trrawmign, until tliey shall o- nse In hold oili -e as inspvotors of stook.i A Faithful Siiriip Dog — A Mr Murray Itad pnr-'haseti. for ltis master eight slrccp at tlie Falkirk Tryst, Scotland, hut having orensum to '--.top tninlher day, an, I noufident in tlie faithfulness and sagnoily of ltis collie, « Iticlt was a female, ho eommitted tho drove to Iter euro, with orders to drive 'litem homo— a distance of nbnut seventeen itiilps.' ' Tiro poor ntiimal, when a fee- miles on tho road, ilropped two whelps, but, faithful to lief olinrge, she drove Ihe sheep on ii mile or two further ; then, allowing, them lo stop, re turned for her pups, which sit" carried for about two miles in advance of the sheep. Leaving her pups, the cnllio again returned tor tho aheep, ami tlrovo thorn onwards a feiv miles. Tltis sho continued to do, alternately carrying Iter own' young ones' 'tind' taking chargo of the flunk, till site roaohod homo. The manner of her acting on this occasion was afterwards gathered from vnriou's indi viduals, who Itad observe -1 tho extraordinary proceedings of llie aiiintdl on tho road. How ever, when tlio collie reached Iter home, nnd delivered Iter charge, it was found lhat tlio two pups woro dead. In this extremity, !tlie instinct of the poor brute wns. if possible, still more reinnrkiib'o. Sho wont into a rabbit brao in tlio vicinity, nnd dtig ontiof (lib earth two young. rabbils,' wltioli slib de posited' on some straw in a barn, and con tinued to suckle for some time, until one o'f tho farm sorvants unluckily let down tr- full sack upon (hem and smothered tliciu.— Bendtfo Advertiser. At- Mail Contracts. — The following con tracts have boon accepted Conveyance of rnnils to nnd from Upper Dargo nnd Omeo, ouooa week, from 1st July, '1876, to 30th Juno, 1877, at tlio rate of £8p per nunum. (In lion of contract No. 502 of.- 1870-77, f an- celled from 1st July, C 0. £'44 10s.) Donald Gow, £89. Conveyance of mails to nnd from Wodonga and Bothanga, by way of Bone- pilla, two days a week, from 1st November, 1876, to 30th June, 1877, at the ralo of £52 for the period. II. A. Crawford and Co., £52, Murder by a Bettino Man in -Manches ter. — A doterminod mnrdor was committed in Manahoster on Saturday by an Irishman named Flanignn alias Bebinsou, n betting man well known in Manchester and Liver pool. Tho victim was r-n Irish woman, and formerly rosidod iu Liverpoo1, and who for eight weeks has boon living wilh Flamgan as his wife. They were in lodgings in Clarendon Stroct, Oharlton-ou- Modlook, and on Friday- ovening they rotirod lo their room both drunk. During tho night tlrey qiinvrollod and ha struck hor a hoavy b'ow on tho faoe. On Snturdny afternoon sho was found with her throat cut, tho hoad being almost severed from tho body, and a median! getilloman who was called in said aha had been dead nearly twelve honrs. Some years ago ho nearly murdered his wife with a jpokor, nnd then at tempted to commit suicide, inllioting ouah'' ' , injuries on himself ns to coulinu him to the' int'nmary for six months. Flauigau is now in custody. It was thought that ho loft the oouutry nftor committing tho dood, bnt daring Saturday night he was approhonded in Saliord on a charge of boing drank, nnd wlton handed over to tho Manchester poliao a hlcod-atainod pookot-koifo was found conoonlcd in one of his stockings. A Serious Joke. — A looal wit of Laayetts, Ark, undertook to fool Dr Westr00k ona dusky evening into tho belief t.'oet a plug of twist tobacoo that he pointqi nt tho dootor'a head was a pistol. Ho PTtooeedod admirably, and was shot dead before bo loould oxplaln that it was --,-i . 