LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. OLD COURT-HOUSE.-FETDA.Y, SEPTEMBER. 1. BITT1HCS T» DANOO.-MICHAELMAS TERM, (Before their Honours Sir W. P. Stawell. Chief JuBtice, Mr. Justice Fellows, ana Mr. Justice Stephen,) IN RE J. E. OEAKE. On the motion of Mr. M'Forlond, an order of the Chief Justice, and an order of Mr. Justice Stephen, wore made rales of Court. RE W. S. WOOLCOTT. On the motion of Mr. Hamilton, an order of a judge in chambers waa made a rule of Court with costs, Sl'ENCE V. TUB DERWENT AND TAMAR IN BORANCE COUPANT. Mr. Higinbotham moved for a rule nisi for a new trial on the ground of the verdict being against evidence. The action waa biought by Messrs. Spence Brothers on a polity of insurance on the ship Glenary for £1.000. The plaintiffs had, in September, 1873, effected a policy with the defendants for £1,000 for one year. It was renewed, and the renewal expired on tho 30th January, 187C. On the 28th January, a clerk of the defendants (Mr. Lilly) called at the plaintiffs, and said that the policy was about to expire, and asked if plaintiffs would renew it. Mr. Spence said, " We will." At this time the vessel was 80 days out on a voyage from Adelaide to London. It appeared that it had been the practice not to pay the premium in cash, but to have a current account, and that the plaintiffs gave promissory notes at sir months for the amount of the premiums ; that these notes were not always given at the time the con trade for insurance were made, but tha Bometimea they were not given till nearly the end of tbe six mouths. A dispute had, how ever, occurred betweon tbe plaintiffs and Lilly in reference to an insurance on another ship, and Lilly said bo would toko no more business unless tbo notes wero given at the time the agreement for insurance was made. The next business transaction after this dis- pute was that in relation to the renewal of the policy on the Glenary, and the evidence aa to what oocurred in relation to it waa con- flicting. For the defence, Lilly said that Spence refused to sign the promissory note for tbe premium, and that he (Lilly) said he wonld not give the covor-note for the policy unless he did. Tho defendants' clerk called several timea afterwards for the note, but waa always told that it waa not ready. The barque waa lost about the end of February, and plaintiffs claimed for the policy, alleging that the agreement was completed when they said that they would renew the policy. At the trial, the jury gave a verdict for the defendants. It waa submitted for tbe plain- tiffs that this verdict was against evidence, and that there should be a new trial. The CHIEF JubTlOE said that the question was essentially one for a jury. He agreed with the verdict, but if the jury had found the other way, be would not have been dis- posed to disturb the verdict Mr. Justice FELLOWS said that if the Bhip bad not been lost, and if the company had sued for the premium, they would not have had a ghost of a chance of recovering it Rule for a new trial refused. BEAVAN V. M'CUTOHKON. Appeal from County Court, Melbourne. Mr. F. L. Smyth for the appellant ; Mr, Dodges for tbe defendant The defendant had agreed to perform cer- tain work for a steamer belonging to Mr. J. S. Carter. One of the terras of tbo agree- ment was that a sum of £58 should be re- tained by Mr. M'Cutcheon, the manager of the Australian and European Bank, as a stakeholder, to be paid to plaintiff "upon the Government engineer certifying that the work has been properly done, such certificate to be obtained at the expense of Mr. Carter." Evidence was given for the plaintiff that Mr. Wilson, the Government engineer, had in spected the work, in the presence of one of the plaintiffs and of a person representing tbe defendant, and that the engineer had said that he approved of the work. The de- fendant, before pajing, required that the certificate from the engineer should be in writing, but this Mr. Wilson .refused to give, aa unusual. This ac- tion waa then brought. The judge of the County Court nonsuited the plaintiff, on the ground that the certificate from the engineer should be in writing. Against this decision the plaintiff appealed. The COURT referred to Rohem v. Watkins, 14 C. B. N. S. 592. There an architect was to certify that certain work had been done, and it was held that the certificate need not be in writing ; that it was sufficient ii it waa verbal. There was no distinction between that case and the present The appeal would be allowed, and a re-hearing ordered before a judge of the Supreme Court Appeal allowed with costs ; a re.hearing ordered. No coats of the trial in the court below. MATHER V. ZEAL. j Bule )i¡¿¡ to vary an order made in this *ase. Mr. Higinbotham moved the rule absolute ; Mr. Purves showed cause. The question in this case was whether there had been an agreement that the de- fendant should not ask for certain costs in the event of his being successful in an appeal from the County Court. Plaintiff's attorney swore that the agreement WOB that the costa should not be asked, whilst the clerk of the defendant's attorney denied that the agree* ment was in the terms stated by the plain- tiff. Judgment was reserved. THE QUEEN V. FRASER EX TARTE PALLOTT. Order nisi for prohibition to restrain the juBticeB at St Kilda from enforcing a convic- tion by which Fallott waa lined, for wilful treepasa on the premises of Captain Dane, and refusing to leave when requested. It was contended for Pallott that there was no trespass within the meaning of. the Police Offences Act, inasmuch aa ho aoted under a reasonable belief that he had a right to be there. Mr, Hood moved the order absolute ; Mr. Box showed cause. Judgment waa reserved. SLACK V. ATKINSON. This was an appeal by the defendant against a decision of Mr. Justice Molesworth in favour of the plaintiff in a suit to redeem a mortgage on some property at Emerald hill. The CHIEF JUSTICE said - Appeal from a decree for the redemption of a mortgage. The mortgage was by Cavenagh to Anderson, dated the 13th July, 1854, to secure £500. Cavenagh died intestate in 1855, leaving an infant heir, who attained his majority in February, 1866. He became insolvent, and the plaintiff purchased the whole of his estate from his official assignee on the 4th of July, 1866. The suit was commenced on the 25th September, 1874. The title of the de- fendant is as follows :- By deed dated the 4th of March, 1856, Anderson assigned the mortgage to the defendant. By deed, of the 24th of September, 1856, the defendant as- signed to Quirk, who, after a mesne assign- ment and reassignment by deed of the 1st of December, 1863, reassigned the mortgage to the defendant. This deed contains a recital, that £300 only was then due. By deed of the 17th of July, 1865, the defendant conveyed to Snelling, as a purchaser of the mortgaged premises, for a sum of £367. Snel- ling on the 18th of the same month mort- gaged the premises to the trustees of a build- ing society, to secure a sum of £480. By deed of the 26th March, 1867, the land was conveyed by the trustees to Simpson, as a purchaser, for £870, who executed a mort- gage to them to secure £720, and by deed of the 26th of April, 1871, Simpson conveyed to the defendant, as a purchaser, the same pre- mises at a price of £766, subject to the mort- gage to the building society. This mortgage was afterwards paid off by the defendant, and the legal estate was vested in him by a statutory receipt, dated the 20th of August, 1874\. The plaintiff by his bill impeaches the sale to Snelling upon the grounds that no principal or interest was then due on the mort- gage, and therefore the power of sale had ceased ; that there was, in fact, no sale or purchase, that no money was paid, but that Snelling was induced by the defendant to purchase as a trustee or agent for him, and the execution of the conveyance was a con- trivance of the defendant to deprive the infant of the equity of redemption. The defendant, by his answer, relies upon the sale to Snelling as a fair and honest sale, and submits that if the plaintiff is permitted to redeem, it should be upon the terms of repaying to him, the defendant, the moneys paid by him to Simpson and the building society for the purchase and redemp tion of the mortgage, and the moneys ex- pended by him in permanent improvements. No case of actual fraud upon the infant has been proved. Indeed, the circumstances rather suggest the conclusion that the sale to Snelling, followed by the mortgage to the society, was intended as a means of raising money for the benefit of the infant, and it is quite consistent with the evidence that the whole arrangement was carried out with perfect honesty. But the real question to be determined is whether the sale was valid ; and first, it is said that nothing was due. If so, that would certainly invalidate the sale as against Atkinson, who, as trans feree of the mortgage was bound to know the state of the account. The pre cise state of it at that date has not been clearly shown by the evidence, but Quirk's account books taken in connexion with the deeds, established, if not a prima facie certainly a very probable, case, that the debt was paid, as alleged by the bill. If the right to redeem depended upon how much, if anything, was due at the date of the sale, it might perhaps have been necessary to refer the account to the master, and make the right to redeem consequent upon the result. But assuming the whole of the nominal pur- chase money was then due upon the security, was there any sale in fact ? We think not. The whole transaction was obviously in the nature of a transfer of security. The old mortgage on which £367 was alleged to be due was paid off by a new mortgage to the building society for £480. The account, with the nominal purchase, was settled on the basis of paying off the amount due to Atkinson, and there is no trace of any buying or selling or any pretence that a value was placed upon the property or a price fixed by bargain or other wise. Snelling only assumed the character of a purchaser upon paper. He neither en- tered into possession of the land nor into receipt of the rents and profits. On the con trary, Cavenagh continued in the same enjoyment of the rents and profits as before, and on attaining his majority not many months afterwards, bought the interest of the occupying tenant, and entered into possession of the property. It was argued on behalf of the defendant, though the defence is not raised by the answer, that the sale was ratified and the plaintiff barred by acquiescence. There is no evidence of rati- fication. It is true that Cavenagh, after he was of age, did in some respects recognise the mortgage to the building Society, but what else could be have done ? As against them and until the defendant himself repurchased, the conveyance was unimpeachable, unless, perhaps, on the ground that no money was due, a fact which is even now in doubt, and of which Cavenagh, at all events, does not appear to have been informed. As to ac- quiescence there is an important distinc- tion depending upon whether the plaintiff has or has not an interest, which is illus- trated by the well-known cases upon laches and acquiescence in relation to mining in- terests, culminating in Clark v. Hart, 6 H.L.C., 633, and considered in the recent cases before the Privy Council. Garden Gully Company v. M'Lister, L.R, 1 App. Cas. 39 ; and Garden Gully Company v. Schmidt, 26th May, 1876. In the words of the judgment in the last cited case-"A man by his laches and conduct may wilfully and of purpose lead the directors or managers of a company to believe that he intended to abandon his shares, although he had not that intention ; and if that belief is acted upon, and the company upon the faith that be had aban- doned his shares, had gone to expense, or otherwise changed its position, he would be afterwards precluded or estopped from setting up the position which he had apparently dis- claimed and disowned." In effect, laches and acquiescence, where a plaintiff has an interest, must amount to abandonment. The effect of mere lapse of time upon a man's estate or interests is regulated by the Statutes of Limitations. The facts which would be sufficient to deprive a person of his estate on the ground of estoppel are defined and explained in the case of Ramsden v. Dyson, L. R. 1, E. and I. Apps, 130 - one person must act upon a belief which is en- couraged, or at all events known to exist, by the other. It may be said, and no doubt truly, that in this case the defendant acted upon the belief that he had a good title, but he had no right to believe so. The in firmity in his title arose out of his own wrongful act. He is not therefore in a position to say that he, knowing as he did all the facts, acted on any such belief, and if he did there is no foundation in the evidence for the argument that his belief was known to, and still less that it was encouraged by, the plaintiff. In this respect it is the or- dinary case of a man in possession under a bad title, and the owner selecting his own time for the assertion of his rights. It was also argued that the plaintiff was a mere purchaser of a right of suit. Upon this point we concur fully in the judgment. Here again the distinction is material that the plaintiff claims as owner of an existing equitable interest. The plaintiff's right is not a bare right to file a bill. The suit is to enforce his rights as the owner of an estate. See Easborne v. Stark, 2 W. & T. L. C 1,035. We have referred at some length to these arguments, but the defence of ratification, laches, acquiescence, or equitable estoppel ¡s not raised by the answer, and had the facts proved supported such a defence, we do not think it would have been one open to the defendant on these pleadings. The plaintiff, therefore, being entitled to a decree for redemption, it remains to consider on what terms the ac- count should be taken. In the case already cited of Ramsden v. Dyson, the right in equity of the owner of land to all improve- ments made by a stranger who knows that the land is the property of another is fully recognised, but that was a case in which the parties were left to their legal rights. The aid of the court was invoked to control those rights, and it refused to interfere. But where, as here, its aid is to be given, it has always been the practice to give it upon equitable terms. (See notes to Fox v. Mack reth. 1 W. and T.L.C., p. 156.) It is no doubt true that until the defendant re- purchased the property the plaintiff was not in a position to recover the land, the building Society and the intermediate purchaser, Simpson, not being affected by notice ; but he might have instituted a suit against the defendant for compensation. After the depart ment repurchased, it was open to the plaintiff either to claim compensation or to redeem. He pursued neither course. He made no de- mand upon the defendant for compensation, and gave no intimation of his intention to claim the property. The defendant more- over, was never in possession in the " cha racter of mortgagee" - see Parkinson v. Han- bury, L.R. 2, E. and S. App. 1. The cases, therefore, as to allowances to mortgagees in possession do not apply. In our opinion this is a case, of all others, in which the plaintiff should only be permitted to redeem on terms, for though his conduct has not been such as to deprive him of the estate itself, it was so calculated to mislead as to disentitle him to redeem without reimbursing the defendant for an outlay, which, but for the plaintiff's own laches, would not have been made. The defendant must, therefore, be allowed in account any increase in the price paid by him for the property, owing to sub stantial improvements effected after the 17th July, 1865, and also any expenditure by him self in substantial improvements subsequent to his purchase. The decree should be varied by adding a declaration that the defendant is entitled to such credits and allowances in respect of increased price and improvements as we have already indicated, and the account taken on that basis ; and the direction as to the inquiries being without prejudice will apply only to the taking with rests. No ques- tion arises as to the accounts being taken with a direction as to wilful default, as the defendant was not in possession in the cha- racter of mortgagee - Parkinson v. Hanbury. There will be no costs of the appeal, and the deposit will be returned. FLANNAGAN V. MATE. Rule nisi for a new trial, on the ground of misdirection. The CHIEF JUSTICE delivered the judgment of the Court a8 follows ¡-The plaintiff, who is an architect carrying on his business in Melbourne, brought this action to recover commission for the preparation of plans for a Btore intended to be built on the* border of New South Wales. The defendant, who waa called as a witness on his own behalf, stated that he asked the plaintiff if it would be worth bis while to go so long a distance for the sum which he intended to expend, adding " £4,000 is my limit ;" that he was not then Íirepared to give full particulars, and tbat as t would help the plaintiff in preparing the plans to go to the site of the intended build, tug, he (the defendant) would pay the expenses of the journey. The plans were prepared, but as it was found that the design could not be carried out for anything like the named sum, various alterations were made, with a view to bring it within £6,000, The attempt was unsuccessful, and the pro- ject was ultimately abandoned. At the trial the jury were directed that the plaintiff was entitled to recover unless it waa a condition of the contract that the plain- tiff was not to be paid in the event of its being found that the building could not be erected for £4,000. Upon this the de- fendant's counsel asked that the jury should be directed that, if the defendant a evidenc was true, the plaintiff was not entitled to his commicsion. The jury were not so directed, and they fonnd a verdict for tbe plaintiff. A new trial is now asked for on the ground of misdirection. We are of opinion that if the defendant's order was such as he described it, the plaintiff is not en- titled to succeed. It was not necessary, though the jury from the direction which tbey received might have inferred the con- trary, tbat the plaintiff should expressly assent to the condition imposed. It was open '. to him to accept or reject the proffered em. ployment ; but if he chose to accept it, he must do so on the terms on which it was offered. The rule will therefore be nbso. ! lute. i The Court adjourned till next day. I INSOLVENT COURT. ! FrtniAY, SEPT. 1. I (Before his Honour Judge Noel.) OEBTIFIOATES GRANTED. Certificates of diaohargo from their debts were granted to tbo following insolvents : Charles Henry Drew, of Drew and Connell, Seymour, contractors ; Alex. M'Kenzie, of Melbourne, saddler; Lewis Levy, of Mel- bourne; eharebrbher ; Elizabeth C, Campion, of St, Kilda, hotelkeeper ; Robert E. Burn, of Hotham hill, carpenter. BB J3ÁVID HARES An application for an unconditional certi ficate of discharge for David Marks, of Emerald hill, moneybroker, was adjourned to the 29th September, to give the insolvent an opportunity of answering affidavits filed by an opposing creditor RE WILLIAM OUTMAN An application for a certificate of discharge was made by W Gutman, of Melbourne commission agent, and opposed by the 1 Dglieb, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank, on the ground that the case waa not one in which the payment of 7B in the t should be dispensed with HIB Honour con cnrred in that view, and refused the applica tion._ 