ITEMS OF NEWS/1 | The House-steward of ; the Hospital received; yesterday a large quantity of grapes from Mrs; Finch, of Gingell-street, for the. use . of, the; patients/-1 ' r- ! A ... , i.t « -nu'.; ; It was reported in-town last evening that one' of the claims in. Wattle Gully, had ./struck very i rich quartz ; it, however, was not confirmed on: inquiry. " There was a fair attendance of an appreciative audience on Tuesday evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, Chewton, to hear a lecture on "the Bible and the six days of Creation," delivered by Mr Edwin L. Kitchingman. The lecture, which was the offspring of much thought, was de- livered in a clear tone pleasing to listen to. The weather has become decidedly more; seasonable'; after the, heats which have prevailed, so long tho rain was very welcome. It set in! gently in the afternoon; and continued more or ! less heavily throughout the night, giving the-, ground a thorough ooaWiug, and ; gladdoning tho. hearts of vignerons and gardeners. - The Rev. J. T. Kearns, being about to leave; Oastlemaine for Melbourne, the members and friends of . the Primitive Methodist Ohurch will, I onSunday and Monday next, give expression to their appreciation of- his conduct as pastor of that church for the past two years. The vale dictory services will -be held 011 Sunday next,' and. a public tea-meeting on the next day, Mon-: day. TP"! '. , ! There were no less than four operations per-; formed at - the Hospital yesterday, :all!tof the, patients being children/ and the complaints' being diseased bones in the legs.- These were, successfully performed by Drs M'Grath, Bone, Hutchison; and1 Malcolm, the diseased! and de cayed parts being removed while the patients' were under chloroform. ; /.- ' : ! The military parade - yesterday attracted a considerable number of spectators— b.otli to the' Camp Reserve and 'the Orderly-room, and not withstanding the threatening weather, was gone : through to ; the satisfaction' /of v the inspecting-officer, ., Lieut.-Col. Bull. , Shortly after 3 o'clock, the troop, under Major, Ryland; assembled , at the . Qrdefly-room, i and! aocom-: panied by their two guns, marched to: tlid Camp Reserve,: where'they .wore put through a number of evolutions, which they performed with promptness and accuracy. Owing to inj disposition Colonel Anderson was unable to at tend, ;and Captain/Bull, of Melbourne/officiated for the staff ; the 'aepqutreinents'' and!! dress of the men we're thorqughly" inspeoted, and; their knowledge of military movemeii.fs tested. Nearly all .-the. "irobp. were ./present! After about; two hours'/drill the .. troop wore dismissed; In the evening the Rifle Corps were 'inspected; by the same gentleman, accompauied by Oapt. Bull,' Oapt." Green,1 'Major Aitkbn, and1 'Surgeon; Major HutcliiBo'ii. '. !'Prior" to tho arrival of Col.. Bull, at . 8 o'clock' the men were put through a short drill by Major Aitken; - There were present ; 5 officers; 4 'sergeants;' '68 rank' and file, arid 30 of tho band, under 'Dru m-major Southmeyer. ".' On the arrival of the inspecting officer" an'd suite, the'irieri were put through a number, of movements,— marching, counter; marching, squares,; r'e.eeiying. cavalry, &c.;, and having performed this,, satisfactorily,' their arms and accoutrements, were minutely, examined1. Lieut.-Col.' Bull thenjaid the men. a'very' high compliment for 'their-proficierioy ih. their drill and general /soldierly bearing;; , 'The,'' officers were then called.' up! by, Oapt'.- Buli/ahd interro gated as to their! lniftifle Bn.:»Ua..:and:.-n>iiii(i,./moyjiqi«.;Vall of wbioh; were roplied. tO nBatisfaotorily. , ; The parade lasted over two. hours, iand - proved that both officers and . meri .yero :well" up iri"thei'r knowledge. of> the manasuyreq and;, tactics of the art of war. As expeptqd . th,b //gallery was crowded with spectators,, ambngst-whom were a number of ladies. . The employes of the Standard- Brewery hav ing declined to play their usual yearly cricket match with those of the Castlemaine Brewery, the latter enjoyed their annual holiday, on Monday, in the Bhape.of a. pic-nip given to their wiyes and children under the auspices of their employers, Messrs Fitzgerald and Newman'. No fewer than 122 merry souls were conveyed from' the brewery to the "place of rendezvous— a beautiful spot near the race-course at South Muckleford — in three of Cobb's coaches, the ribbons of tho four-in- hand, with about fifty persons aboard," being splendidly handled by Mi Field, while the pairs iu.the, other coaches, vyeve ably driven by Mr leech and Mr Bustard respectfully. ; a nionster lorry loaded with solids and fluids for the. iqnqr map, and about 30 children, under the guidance , of Mr Koogh, bringing up the lively cortogo. They arrived on tho ground about noon,, and the Bports of the day wero immediately entered upon with alacrity and a will. They consisted of cricket, croquet, dancing, kiss-in-the-ring, quoits, racing, and apt| Sally.' ' A,ll' adult games \w,qre played .£0 foj: ' prizes in the boys' races, ' Tlie girls' rftp.p,. prizes wore splendid kid gloves givetrby Mr Keenan, bookkeeper of the establishment. Aunt Sally was well patronised by the juveniles, her lady ship being under the care of Messrs Dan. Fitz gerald and Chamberlain. Dancing was kept up with great spirit under the superintendence of that well-known M.O. and adiniror of Terpsi- oiib're", MrHammorid. At feeding time it was quite a pleasure to see the numerous groups in viting every passer-by to partake of their pro visions, which were supplied in such quantities, that, though fully a hundred visitors were made welcome, baskets, full of good things, wero gathered up after everyone was satisfied. The whole day was spent most agreeably, everyone trying with everyone to make each othor happy, and . the whole scene a real enjoyment. Mr Newman drove on the ground during the after noon;. and, by 'his suavity and good humour, gave . zest to tho amusements, all of which passed off without a single hitch. About six o'clock the whole company was called together by bugle-horn, andi n an hour afterwards were received at the brewery by Mr Edward Fitz gerald; delighted with a well-spent day, which had' passed off' so agreeably to all concerned.— ' Communicated.-'' ' ' Two men at Sandy Creek, Falmerstown, on Tuesday gpt a nugget weighing 23oz, and; smaller gold'making altogether 36oz. - / Three noted card sharpers were arrested, on Tuesday night whilst en route for the, Colac .races, they having robbed a passenger by the' steamer Despatch of L40. It would appear that the mpa is. not yet ex-, tirict in New Zealand. The Otngo iGuardiari says : — " A moa's egg, containing a young bird,1 has been found at Picton. The egg was broken during its removal, but the pieces of the: shell wore saved, find the immature bird is in a! good! state of preservation.'. j j The afflictions through which Mr ! P. Yirtue,! juri., has passed during the last eighteen months: have been of' no ordinary kind," and jmuch; sympathy is felt for him. In addition to his: own serious ilness, death had deprived him of a! fond wife, and now he is. bereft' of ;t'wo of his! ehilflren, one of .whom died on Saturday and the-, second on Monday, both from' scarlet fever.— i Muryborqugji Standard. . :' :;:j : ! | j A. man named Rixon has ; been !, arrested at j Maryborough, Queensland, on suspicion of hav-'; ing murdered hia wifo; 11 At the poliee cou'rt in-i vestigation held von: the 20th inst., he, says the! Brisbane- Telegraphy " declared- that he'saw the; ghost of . the murdered woman, who described to! him the manner of her death, He says lie then told the pblice, . and hence he was arrested, The evidence is said to be very, strong, against Mm;" . ! , . '. i; The announcement made by Mr Service 'on Tuesday that there is no alliance 1 between1 Mr Berry and himself, remarks tlie 'Telegraph, will 'give' general satisfaction! Mr Service, in many fespects/is the man who represents the cause of a thorough revision of the tariff, based ori'tlie principle that protective duties must be left alone,, and a progressive land- tax which shall be equitable and not confiscatory in its. incidence. These principles are bound to. make way, and for Mr Service to set them aside in order to ac- quire: the votes of the ultras would have i.been a ' disappointment and a scandal. / Alliances in which principles are sacrificed for personal ends have been the curse of Victorian politics in the past, and all such ill-omohod coaltions ought now to be brought to an end. - A return was pireserited to the Legislative As sembly on Tuesday, in reply to a motion by Mi- Campbell, showing all Crown larids.app'rbpriated to denominations as school lands in connexion with churches ; from 1st July, 1851,;', and all amounts contributed by ..the. state through the denominational school board towards the erection of school buildings on such lands. : The Church of England received'95a. 3r; 33p.'; and:L15,22o! Ils 8d.;. the Roman Catholic; '58a.'2r; 33p; 5 and1 L7.893 4s 4d ; the Presbyterian,' 44a; Ir.tll-lOp. , - and -L7265 14s ;6d-; Wesleyan/SGa.' lr'lOp.j'and 1 L4815 2s 4d ; Free Presbyterian, 13a; lr.:6p!, ; and L5533 Is 2d ; Welsh Calvinistic Methodist, ! Ir of land and no money /. . Lutherans, la. /aria ! L250 ; Independents, 2a. 2r!, arid L262 10s 8d. 1 Total, 272a!. lri ;9-10p,. arid L41, 245 4s8d.' ' . , J A distressing accident is reported by! a corres-; pondentof the Hobart Town Mercury -as -hav-; ing occurred; at Honey wood on -Friday, 17ch | inst., by which two p'enions, father and -son/ were' crippled.' ' The sufferersj ;Mr. George' Bennett j and his son, were carting palirigt from the bush; to the' water's' edge at Cearris' Bay when 'thai son, wlio: was gnidmg the leading lxorso round! a steep curve, fell/and the', father, in . .trying ' to ' save the boy, got fast himself. , ' The dray- wKeel | passed .oyer both, breaking the father's, leg andj the son's thigh,, besides inflioting other injuries. ! The, poor, fellows . were . lying for about '.three- i quarters of. an hour before anyone : heard ' them, ! and then they had to bo carried- on stretchers aj distance of six miles thraugh the bush/'Medioalj aid was procured as soon as" possible, and the' sufferers a're going on' tolerably woll;' .' ; - j Another large , shark was caught off "Williams- j town on .Tuesday: morning;/ on this . occasion! within a very : short distance1, of the bathing-; stage. . A fisherman 1 named' W; Saunders, says the Argus, sot his net just off the bathing-place' on - Monday night, and on going to the' spot' on Tuesday morning he could, not find' the floats.' Oil looking about he discovered a portion of the net, and lying dead on the bottom .wari a shark.! About three fathoms of a rieiy not vvas.torn into' shreds', arid tho' shark ' would 'lia'vo got away," but' in his'effects to disengage himself he had wound the'.rope of I tho net' round and round his tail aric fins." He was brought ashore, arid exhibited at Williamstown. He measured nine feet/ from snout .to tail, '-was/four! feet iri girth; arid5 weighed about ,4owt. -,Tt was a shark of, the ".ground 'j species/, and; had! -two,; fQrraidablo.i.rqws i/ofi teeth. The : bathing-place,' within , a few yards of -which tho shark/was caught, 'is 'quite unprol tected. . - . .. 1 '/ 1 '! ;; Erom what fell from hon. members -of the Legislative Council last night, when' the Mining Bill was brought up, it1 is to be1 feared Rhatilts fate will resemble that of 1 other measures deal-!' ing with the . same ! subject/ which /have been from tiirie'tq time" passed by the Asseiribly. Mr ,Aneraori/"imtes 'wie mm8pondeht;6f.the''Ben-|.' !d,igo Advertisbr/havibg riioved the firstTeading of the'bill, Mr. Campbell pointed "out cthat the', question of the right of the Crown to the proi ciousmetala underneath thesoil is to bedeoidedby thePrivyCounoilupona case which haB been sent home ; and, this being so, he thought legislation had better be deferred until the point was de cided. Mr Anderson said ho was not aware that any case had gone homo ; but; upon being assured that such wa3 tho faot, he urged that legislation should not depend upon the consent of the Courts of Law. If they wore to wait for that, it would have tho effect of postponing the matter for an indefinite period. At all events, he asked that the bill might be read a first time. Mr Simpson contended that, under the .circumstances, the hon. member would exercise a wise discretion in lotting tho matter, . ros t ai.rit|il the decision of the law court? had been made known, Mr Anderson said ho would consult his colleagues, and inform the House to-day What the intentions of the. Government were respecting the measure. After the bill had been read a first time, Mr Anderson moved the Becond reading for to-day. This, evoked 4 ohorus of dissent, and a suggestion from Mij Campbell that tho second reading take place that day week. Mr Anderson Baid ho did not know whether hpri. members were poking fuq at him, but' as it was intended to bring the sea, sion to a close by. then,' this would.be equivalent to shelving the Bill. ' Mr T. T. A'Beckott, pointed out that tho bill was, word for word, the same as that introduced last session. They might have had- it sii? months ago, but now they had; got it he intended: move a number of amend ment which he had carefully irepared. The ;enft qf tjie , ip (jjt'er -. was th at the second 're£c\ipg of the bill was fixed for tiday. ' The Talbot Leader notes that a fine young bull was struck dead by lightning on Saturday, while expospd to the. ptorm in" a 'paddock near Trollope's farm. ' ' . A dog 011 Tuesday evening chased a goat into a house in Kildare-street, Geolong. _ The goat sought rofugo under a table, whioh it upset, to gether with a kerosene lamp that was 'stauding on it. The place was soon in a blazo, and every thing was destroyed. The building was insured for L100 in Victoria Company, and the estimated loss is L150. A correspondent of the Star from Bungaree writes as follows : — " I have taken some trouble to ascertain the yield of grain in this; distriot for the harvost, and give'you the following as a correct return, viz :— Wheat generally . a defi cient crop ; oats, 33 to 72 busholB per acre ; English barley, 38 bushels per acre ; Cape barley, 45 bushels per aore ; peas, 48 bushels per acre'; 'the potato crop will ;be very deficient." The Daylesford Mercury reports that " a sad accident occurred in King-street on Sunday afternoon, by which William Maddren, a. fine young boy, aged 18 mouths, lost his life. De ceased was missed for a short time, and, on his little sister going in search of him, she dis covered that he had fallen into a hole which con tained about two feet of water. The body was at once recovered, and Dr Macgregor sent for ; but although the latter applied tho galvanic battery, &c;/ it was of no avail." A narrow escape from a serious acoident (says the Maryborough Advertiser) befel a gentleman who: arrived:, by the 9 p.m. train on Tuesday night.1! 'He . preferred to walk into town from the:station, and on reaching Nolan-street the night was so dark that he could not tell tho footpath from the 1 road, and slipped off from the former ; into'! the gutter closo to the main drain/spraining his ankle. He observed, on recovering liimsolf, that Maryborough was the prettieBt place he ever put his foot in, but the lighting arrangements were very bad. Tho case of Learraonth v. Bailey, remarks the Argus, is drawing towards a conclusion, and this/week- is expected to Bee the end of it, so far as.- the /present trial is concerned. . Mr. Bailey was oxamined on Tuesday, and gave /similar evidence as on the previous trial.. He denied the truth of the evidence of the witness Willis as to having received' from ' Edwards tho letters that "that witness ' said he found. Several wit nesses' were examined" as to the working of the mine, and ,Mr .Longhlin's examination in chief was not concluded . , on- Tuesday . afternoon. Loughlin, ,in reference, to the evidence. ; of the witness , Francis, - that he had offered him L1000 to go out of the country, denied that he had made any.suoh offer. He Baid that FranciB told him he had1 ooirie over from Newcastle, where he had been spoken to by one of Mr Learmonth's agents ; that he had given a statement of what he could prove; that he offered to go away if he, received a sum of money; that Lerarmouth had make a good thing out of , the mine/ and that so had Loughlin, and that , he . (Francis) meant to have something, too. ..... ' . Baron von Mueller, the Government botanist, has (writes the Belfast Gazette) supplied' a local resident with the following information relative to the steps which should be taken to arrest'the ericroachmeht of sand on lands ' adjoining the sea-coast. "Among the several methods to1 blind the drift sand of sea-coasts by rearing vegetation,, that adopted along the Bay of Gascoigne, arid originally, suggested by Mon- sieurBremontier, is one of the most effective, and finally most remunerative. . The sand near to-the shore is sown with- a mixture of Pinus pinaster, Pinus maritima; and1 Oytisus- scopar- ius, about 81bs of each to the acre; 41bs. of Psairima arenaria/or 'tall bent grass. '1 To this aidvantaigeously cari' be added a" few pounds of the seeds of Elymus arenarius/ or sealyrao grass.! / A layer of brushwood is placed flat over the/seeds; ..! The broom "and lyme'seeds germi- nqto . jquickly, and protect . subsequently the young: pine seedlings. .'After a few years the broom"/ plants' can bo. removed, the pines re quiring then more scope, and covering , finally the sands - with . a - productive and sheltering forest. 'The expense in France for thus trans- formiiig the drift sand of1 the coast into a forest yielding deals,' tar; 'pitch, and resin, was about L2 lOs'per acre. Here 'the' seeds of the Lep- tbspermiim Imvigaturiv are one of the, best local auxiliaries incases of 'this kind:" / The Daily -Southernr Gross , writes A few good-natured people of ;the Exeter Hall, type are 'accustomed to' believe /that polygamy is' no longer practiced by the Maories. 1 The common ribtiori is that' it' was banished by missionary ' in-; fliience, arid went out bf 'fashion with cariniba- ; lish'. '. This/ however, is a ' mistake.: It :is ' true "that polygamy., amongst ;,ieVria45liM!:yery : )iiY®i.i?ridybut'in'1many!bf.ktie!,!n(pis': there still lui'k disciples :of ; Mormpnism, .whoso i harems aro.only limited; by , the extent !.of,. .their ; meaus. -Jnsome of the settlements; patriarchal ; reprobatesimay still be found united to several! old'ohieftainesses,1 while many ofthe /youngest ; and prettiest' daughters of'thejtribe are / ' sealed; 'urifbz'/them' 'as'- '"the "/Mormons phrase' 1 it. ' 'Amongst;thbse;'whose affections requirb these; manifold solaces is a' Ooromaridel chief, named- To Hanghi, whose creed is' that if one 1 wife 'is a: blessing to a man, two wives are a great deal! better, arid accordingly Te: Hangi has, -riri the! course of some fifty-five years; been united, after the simple' and nnbstehtatioris 'ceremony! of the Maories, to no fewer than, half-a dozen! partners of- ( his 'joys' and -sorrows/ "His last; wife was a gentle half-caste creature of some' sixteeri'summors,1 all 'light ' arid suushirie, and; upon her he seems to have lavished . all the; 1 warmth of liis elastic and accommodating heart. : But this latest addition to his household, so far. from reeiprocating his mature affeotion8,>sou'ght; the" conipanionsliip of- a younger gallant in -Ancklarid. .Hither' she'1 has" been- pursu'od -by. her., injured: lord land .master, ,:and. at last; advices' he was /Seen ! going, about/ more in; Borrow, than in"'" anger, - in":' search of / his lost, . tov'o'." - — ! ; ' /! : !.:.! 1 . / , ' A Liti'XiB MiSHAi/iiN/OHUBCii.— The follow ing is Max Xdelerls f— Last. Sunday night/' dur-: ing the ;sormon in our church, tho gas suddenly went out; and-there was a sudden darkness'. The minister requested the congregation to' remain perfectly quiet until the cause of the trouble could be ascertained and other lights procured. Old Mrs Smiley, it appears, was sound asleep when'the accident occurred, but just after tlie minister had finished speaking to the congrega tion she awoko. At first she thought she had become blind, but as she sat by the window she immediately saw tho lights in tho street, and then she know that tho congregation had gone homo, and that she had accidently been looked in by the sexton. Dreadfully frightened at the loneliness amd horror of her situation, she picked up a hymn-book, and, dashing it through a pane of glass in the window, she put her head out and began to scream for help. Her Bhriok iraprossed passers-by with the idea that the ohurch was on fire, and in an instant the alarm, was given, A momont iator tlie engines arrived, and just as the sexton began to light the gas again, one gang of firemen began play- iug, through the broken window on Mrs Smiley's spring bonnet, while another gang poured a three-inoh stream up the middle aislo with such force as to wash the Rev. Dr. Hopkins, tho minister, out of the pulpit and dpwn among the high hats which wore' floating around the pew doors. Eventually the matter was explained, and the fire department shut off the water aud went homo. But- the deacon wants to know how, if Mrs Smiley refuses to pay the bill for repairs to the church, she can ever look a fellow- worshipper, in the face again. It is reported that a young lady who went out tolho Fiji Islands last summer, as a missionary is at home again. Her first Sunday-school olass came shuffling in one morning with nothing on but neok- laces; whereupon Her enthusiasm in the cause all melted sway, 