?rtrtq n F trq. i A SNAKE STORY. 'Twas night In old Nosoy's grog shanty, a crowd Of fellows were getting uproarious, and loud Rose their voices, the higher the more they imbibed, As has ofttimes by much abler pens been deieribed And there in their midst, seeming "cook" of the lot, My hero, "Jim Naylor," stood thumping a pot; And midst the uproar, Kept calling for more , Ie'd been paid up that night and had cash in gnlore But the landlord said " Boys, this must be the last shouts It's past twelve o'clock, and you all must clear ot ; If the traps should come round, And hero you were found, I'd be fined. Come now, Naylori your wife I'll be bound Is sitting up for you;" but keeping his "'rib" up Troubled Naylor but little when howsing his jib up Hlowever, though coaxing, they soon made a start, Jim Naylor as usual being last to depart IHe staggered off home, with the help of his stick; Of beer, rum, and brandy, as full as a tick ; And as I've heard said, Or somewhere have read That" Old Nick will always take ctre of his own," So Jim got home safe, without breaking a bone And throwing himselfon the bed in a heap, Before you'd count five, he was roundly asleep. Poor Nellie, lhis wife, who'd sat up till he came, Murmured sadly,' I wonder Jim doesn't think sbaame Going on like this here, Some of these nights I fear, He'll be breaking his neck through hbleliking for beer." Than she thought of his head in the morning1 and sighed, And to take his long boots off the poor woman tried ; She pulled and she jerked ; She hauled and she worked t But Jim's leather casings her best efforts burkod; She found 'twas no use, so to cut short my story, She let him sleep on in his boots, clothes, and glory. 'Twas just as day broke That Jamie awoke, As Scotch people say, " It was jilt on the stroke O' five," when he sleepily rubbed at his eyes, And opened his mouth with a vawn such a size; 'Then Razing all round, he exclaimed with emotion, " Thank goodness I'm home, but the ghost of a notion As to how, or to when I got back to my den I haven't and-bless me, I've slept in my clothes. My 'boots are bo-puddled, My brain is be-muddled, j . There ain't the least doubt that I came home quite fuddled I" Thus soliloquizing, poor Jambo arose, Unbolted the back-door and to tihe safe coes ; His brain wildly whirling, his throat parched:with thirst t He grasped the milk dish, And drank like a fish ; Had anyone seen him they'd thought he'd have burst. Whilst putting the dish back a sight met his eyes That made his flesh creep and his scalp-lock to rise; Coiled up in a heap, On a plato fast asleep, Was a monstrous, great snake I Jamie bickwor did leap. Then ran for an axe that was standing close by, And was Into the snake whilst you'd twinkle an eye. Smash I I Crash I I Settle his hash I Snake and plate, Jamis soon made the feathers to fly; While Nellieo, inside, quite alarmed at the clatter, Jlumped smart out of bed, crying, " Jim! what's the matter ?" " The matter," quoth Jim, " why a thundering great snake Was here, but I guess he's found out his mistake, For soon as I twigged him I settled the riv,sr BIut bring me a nip. lass, I'm trembling all over I" Nellie brought out the bottle, and Jim a glass filled, Whilst sheo went to look at the snake he had killed I For a while shlt seemed puzzhetl, then looking so grimi IHer vials of wrath she poured out on poor .Jim, " Well you have played the deuce, You silly old goose." "Come, come, Noll," said Jamli, "what moans this abase ?" " D'ye call that a snake? Took me all day to m:ke You drunken old rip, I've a great mind to break Your head with this bottle, 'twould just serve you right ; My six pounds of sausages I Lor, here's a sight I c ''o come for to go and destroy, you old sinner; The sausages I had prepared for your dinner I" Alas I 'twas too true; So Jim tried all he knew To hush matters up, but the story soon flew ; It was too good to keep, so Nell told all the noighbors, And often as Jim comes home from his labors, " On the road folks will meet him, And affably greet him I Then inquire, while they try to keeplooking sedlately ' I say, Jim, old man, have you killed a snake lately?', J.H. li. 