TIIE OENTENNIAL OANTAT4. From thii liundred-terracd height, Sight more large withnobler light, Ranges down yon towering years; Humblo smiles and lordlier tears Shine and fall, shine and fall, While old voices rise and'call I Yonder where the toand-fro Weltering.of my Long-Ago M oves about the nlbveless base Far below my resting-place. layflower, mayflower, slowly hiter flying Trembling, Westward o'eryon balking sba, Hearts within "Farewell dear England' Winds without, "But dear in vaini' reply ray-pp'd waves about theeshouteod, cry ing "NDj it,shall not be." Jamestown, out of theo- Plymoutl the thethee, Albany Winter cries," Ye freeze 1 'cal'y ." '. Fever cries, "Ye burn I iaway I"' Hunger, cries, ' Yeo starve ; awayl" Vrengealnce cries, "Your graves shall.stay I" [hedn old Shppes and Masks at things,i , Framed likd Fiiths or clothed like Kings Ghosts of Goods once flushed and fair. Grown foul Bade in aliq? air- . War, and hls'thiost noisy ldrds, Tongued with lithe and poisoned swords Error, Terrror, lags, and Crime, All in a wintry night of time Cried to me from land and sea, " No I thou shalt not be I'" Hark' t HIuguonots'whiaspering "Yea,"' in tile dark, Puritans athwering "Yea" in tise dark I Yea, like Ain arrow shot true to his mark Darts through the tyrannous heart of De nial, Patience at d Labour and solemn-souled Trial . Foilod still beginning, Soiled, but not sinning, Toil through tl: stertorous death of the nigh~t,'.? .. ", Toil, wiei~wil brother wars now dark the Light." . ../ " Toil, anfg i vet kiss o'er,and·re]1Ight, Now p io ~od's oft.granted ~.nce, Now lraise tlan's undaunted face, Despite thl', dspito the son, I was : I a: and IslU.bo Iow lollgGodJtg, 0 how long I Sing me hom n anman's own song I " Long as thine Art shall love true love, Long as ohy Science truth shall know, Long as thins Eagle harms no Dove, I'ong as thy law by law shall grow, Long as thy God is God above, Thy brother every man below So long, dear land of all my love, Thy naunb shall shine, thyfame shall glow,". 0 Musio, froam this hoeight of time my Word unfold l In tlhy largo signals all men's hearts Man's Heart behold I ,,', .... Mlid.heavon unroll tlilfehrds as fritndly flags unfurled, And wave theworld'~ besatlover's weloome to the world, .:: _ ,,f, , 