THE LITTLE PEOPLE OF THE SEA. The latest investigation into tho doop-soa lifo shows that the vast area lying bonoatb the ooonn is ooverod with a simple animal life, boundlosB in extent and infinite in varioty. Under condi- tions too rigid and severe to permit tho growth of the humblo sea-wood, those oreatures livo and multiply, and die. Far beyond tho reach of light, in a glaoial temporaturo, and undor enormouB pressure, exists this wonderful fauna. As we strip the mystery of vitality of garraont after garment-as its conditions become fowoe and its mode of oxistenoe less oomplex-tbe wonder, instead of becoming loss, constantly grows upon the mind. The human intellcot longs to find a commensurate physioal cause for the effeot which we call life. When, as in the higher organio boings, the conditions aro many and the procoBS oomplioated, the phenomenon of vitality does not seem so puzzling. The mind rarely troublos itself to mako distinctions be- tween complicated maohiaery and motive power,. A liberal display of wheel work is adequate Co aooount for results, without any reference to the initial foroo Bub as wo oontomplate the life of the protozoa whioh reign supremo in tho oaoan's depths, wo seo the awful and tho mysterious problem presented in its simplest torms-forms of existence that are formless, organisms possess- ing no organs, lifooontradioting tho very defini- tions of life, and yet performing all its essential fuootions. Tho conditions, oomplex and multi- tudinous, undor wbioh wo live, are hero reduced to two or threo. Tho elomonts, many and be- wildering, whioh enter into ordinary statements of tho problem, aro hero eliminated ; and yet we are forced to reoognizo tho same principio giving functional notivity to a mass of structureless jolly whioh animates the highest organic beings. When we soo this formless lifo governed by laws each in itsolf as inoxorablo as that wliiob. guides tho rolling planets, and all, in thoir various combinations, as flexible as those which oontrol our human existence, wo fed tho sonso of awe whioh a whisper from tho unseen worli would send thrilling through our norvee. We are standing face to face with life stripped of its familiar conditions, it looks us in tho eyos as the disembodied ghost of the lifo now so fami- liar to UB. Mrs. Sarah F. Holt, an aged lady of Nashua, New Hampshire, oxpirod suddenly upon her husband's coffin Sho had gono into the parlor, where the remains of ber husband had boon propared for burial. Looking into tho faoe of the dead, she said, quietly : " How oan I live without you, Honry ?" Then, putting her hand to hor head, she tottered and was about to fall, but being caught, by a friend, she wag assisted, to ? «haie and. immediately expired. 