COURBING NOTES. BY COUNTBTMAJJ. While at Ballarat the other day I paid a 'Visit to Conway kennel, at Sevastopol, where all Mr. David Jones's greyhounds are housed and cared for. I found Rowlands, who hat charge of the canine beauties, at home, and the obliging Welshman was pleased to show as the occupants of the various boxes. The establishment Is scrupulously clean, and it Is no idle talk to say that yon oonld almost eat your dinner off the floor. It is a very exten sive place, surrounded by any amount of ground, which is divided into little well fenced enclosures, each of which has its -quota of greyhounds. -Drainage iB evi dently a strong point with Mr. Jones, for nearly every yard is either floored with brick . or stone, and thoroughly drained. The out houses are extensive enough to afford ample . room and comfort for about 60 greyhounds; but there are at present but 32 occupants of the various apartments. The sleeping ac commodation is capital, the abundance of ? dean straw in which the greyhounds were nestled on their raised coucheB assisting materially in imparting to the dogs that healthy and sleek coat which they all wear. Both young and old. their skins shone like . dollars, and their generally robust and sub stantial appearance betoken the fact that the well-appointed cooking apparatus close to the kennels is kept busily engaged. Taking the dogs both young and old, I never saw a healthier or more promising lot. Of course the celebrated somof Wellington and Venus, "Cupid and Jupitei, are the cracks of the kennel, and from the fact that they will Shortly make their appearance on the plains of Sun bury to run for the Waterloo, they were eagerly scarmei. In these two dogs Mr. Jones has two good greyhounds, and oy the time the day comes found tbey will be fit, and I hope not overdone. Cupid looks well and -hearty, but it is a posting thing to tell him "from his brother Jujiter, who, however, on close inspection is not so strongly built as the Werribee Stakes winner. June Hose is very frisky, and may sfter all fill a nomina tion in the great even. Romp, the mother of the game little 6dly, looked splendid, after having just rearec a good-looking lot of /pups by Mr. Jones's imported dog Cheviot, tthe latter, by the way, is in training, and <Dn have a flutter at Vaterloo. Perfection -looked none the worn from her reoent running at the West Iburke meeting. A hrindle puppy, by Bendinpre out of Gather-in, took my fancy a bit. ^ He appeared once public under the Amateur Club, but was then out of form and there is a hitch of the same colony only 13 months .old, who is a regular b^uty. She is by Barmby out of Norah, qid has never yet made her dibml. Emerald.by Gillie Galium ?out of Kosina, has four puppies by Barmby, which look stout and heathy. Cinderella has also three promising iupe by Cheviot. The greatest treat of the nit was anintro* duction to eight of the fines, saplings I ever clapped my eyes on. Four q them-regular .beauties-are sired by Warkre, their dam ?>6ing Jenny Lind, a daughteiof the famous Bab-at-the-Bowater. They woe whelped In August One of them is a very powerful looking white dog, with tremendous propelling powers, a grand back, and symmetrical head and neck. He and a fine racing4ooking red hitch made on a smaller mould, and showing 'tnore quality at present, I fancy most; but the other two-a smaller r«d dog and a fawn ?and white hitch-are not tp be dapised. A hrindle dog, by Royal Wat«r out of Wee .Avon-who never threw a litter which did mot furnish a winner-is a retular gentleman all over, and Inherits the sflendid shape of MB sire. Born in July, he is wM whelped, and . if breeding and rating points fa any criterion to go by, then this son of Rtoal Water will have something to say in the [vents of next year, Aberlady, own sister totally, has two young saplings, blue bitches by Warfare. 'Theyare very young, but in 4e of them I can detect a striking resembltace to Sally.. 'With such a fine lot of young bock coming -on, Mr. David Jones will be lard to beat anext Be aeon, and the season afarwards, and| in Rowlands he possesses a paiatakinfc and careful trainer. As I tamed BiLrp round a corner of the kennels a dog on hain neatly .made free with the calf of my leg,\nd I foqaa that it was one of the old Sebastbol hounds which Rowlands hunted for may seasons .in the Ballarat distriot In its lore pros perous days. He is the last of ttipack, the others having been disposed olbme time -since. I Somehow the Grant and Polwtth Club conning events do not fill up, ail the AU» .fed Stakes recently run under thqausplcea ol that club differed la no wise froi jts pre decessors. TheAll-aged Stakes, ihitedto ?32 dogs, attracted the notioe of bn«6 dogs' ownem, or exactly half the required lumber. Yet the meetings of the club are alf4 pleasant and well oondnoted. The sta two days for its completion, owing to] ?election of ground. The whole of the d of the first day waswasted In vain end to find a hare In the cemetery at Leis and it was not nntfiamora was maaL diieotionof Umber that same was m all abundant. The drawSack therewi ttoaber, which MS w thiak as to In! ciaion of the judge. The threeooutsM ttaained to finish the card wait ran ol day at Hope's-brjdge, where there were plenty of hares and suitable coursing. ground: The winner of the. stake was. Mr. 8. Aub tin's Bright Light-one of the useful Rattleti1 -Kitty progeny, she having defeated. an Duke, but he, in tarn, had to succumb to Stanmore's speed and cleverness. Mr. Gard ner as judge gave much satisfaction; and R. 6\. Banners handling of the Blips plftnnfd ®JWSr Mr. Auatin takes the first prize of £35, Mr. R Scott the second of £20, and Messrs. J. Bell and A, Austin £10 each. ' Thanks to the liberality of Mr. W. J. Clarke a coursing club that had weU nigh given up the ghost is showing signs of robust health. The Fitzroy and ColBngsrood Cours ing Club, finding their efforts retarded for wont of suitable ground to run their stakes off .upon, in their distress applied to the squire of Sunborv, who at once granted the use of his paddocks, at Lancefield-road and other places. The recent meeting of the dub at Lancefield- road was, I am informed, a great success, though game was slightly' The Galloway Stakes fell to the, lot of _ Mr. T. B. M Inerney, who divided tee pnze with his two greyhounds, Caddy's Only Daughter and Piccadilly. The former is an old fnend, and it will be remembered she ran very forward in the stake carried away by Cupid last season. She has evidently lost none of her pace or cleverness, for she ran all her courses well and honestly. Mr. W. Woods officiated in the saddle in the capacity of honoraryJudge with satisfaction, and rode well to hiB dogs. Bn?fcai?od,a severe loss on Saturday last m the death of the famous, greyhound Lady Rollo, whom he purchased* 50 guineas at the sale of Mr. William M Culloch s kennel some months ago. In running a course at a private coursing party given by Mr. William Clarke at Ssmbury, on Saturday, she and her companion disap* pared w pursuit over a bank. When the horoemen following came in sight of the dogs, Lady Rollo was found writhing in agony, with fur in her mouth, and she died in a few moments after. It is supposed that in making an eager drive for her game she broke her i| neck. Lady Rollo, by Cashier out of Missi Alice, was one of the best greyhounds ever sent to slips in the colonies. In April, 1875. she carried away the Ercildoun Cup, a 32 all-aged stake; but, being out of all form, she was beaten in the first round of the Vice, presidents' Cup by Charon, the winner. Nor was she any better in the Dowling Forest Cup Stakes, .run in July, being put out in the first round by Jim Crow's Sister; and in the Sunbnry Stakes, after winning her first course, Vandyke disposed of her. She, however, came out iu grand form: in the President's Cup Stake, run under; the Grant and Pol warth Ciab, on August) 5, when she divided with Miss Watson. She ran with tremendous determination in all her trials, and the beautifully run: course against Lord Raglan, whom she de feated pointleBS, will be remembered by all those who were fortunate enough to witness it. She has appeared only once in public since, and from the manner in which she polished off Mr. David Jones's June Rose at the West Bourke meeting, it was evident to all that she bad not lost all her pace and smartness. Her blood luckily will not be lost, for Mr. Wagner has a fine litter of pups from her by Royal Water. When the Victoria Amateur Coursing Club was first started it was thought to limit its members to 50, but so eager was the demand to join its ranks that the originators of the club dismissed the Idea, and now "the amateur coursers" number dose upon 200. Everything goes off swimmingly, there is harmony and good fellowship everywhere, and every stake ran off under its auspices has been a most complete success. Not the least successful and pleasant of its gatherings was held last Saturday, at Beatt&s; famous pad dock, dose to the Digger's RciBt Station. A novel and pleasing feature in regard to the day's enjoyment was the presence of a good sprinkling of the ladies, one or two of whom showed great powers of pedestrianism, follow ing in the line of the beaters from start to finish. What think ye of that, ye Victorian [ youths who fag under a five-mile walk, and I declare coursing dreary in the extreme, be cause "a.fellow has to walk so much?" Ont of the goodly company that wit nessed the sport on Saturday there was , one who did not enjoy one portion of the j, day's proceedings. I allude to Mr. George Mayger, the dub's excellent caterer. He | provided, as usual, a very substantial repast, i which was liberally patronised. Some " lovers ijof the sport" must have mistaken it for one l of Mr. W. J. Clarke's spreads, for they forgot ) the moBt &eoes8;&ry; part of the arrangement , -the payment I believe the dub intends [i to take steps to prevent a repetition of this |f item thus suddenly introduced into the pro gramme, and, perhaps, the defaulters, when j ,! they read these remarks, will cash up when ;; they next visit the Mitre Tavern. Ij I paid a visit to the kennels of Thomas Dodds, the well-known greyhound trainer, \- last week, and though he was not at home, I was shown over the establishment, which is ! no other than Sam Harding's old training .stables. The place is admirably adapted for | I a kennel, being very lofty and well venti I lated, and there is abundance of room both in the kennel and in the spacious, well ; paved, roofed yard, where the dogs have i iroom to stretch their legs in wet weather. ;The dogs had just been fed, so I was ; content to take a rather hasty view of them. Madcap, the Derby winner, is looking remarkably well, ana has im proved a good deal since he latHrappeared in public. He has quite recovered from the cut he received on one of his hind legs, and with his smooth coat and racing appear anoe he looki) all over a Waterloo dog. Honeymoon, his half-brother, who, it will. be remembered, was supposed to be i Madcap's master prior to the Darby,1 has also improved greatly, and. is in fine condition. Smart little Wisdom, too,, lis all right again. The handsome little | D,0. put ner nose kindly In my hand, which i caused me to reflect as to ner wonderful (history. A more detailed description of the I kennel I will defer till I pay my next visit j . In the advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. W. .Pitt's famous stud dog Nutiad is at the servlde of greyhound owners. His rice is ten jrainaaa,Jwluoh Isoobat all a high ore <WDffldering ftp, wonderful success of , i stock dUring the present ooundng seasooi. [Mr. Ja* M'cS&chVTumult;, and Mr. T. W. ^ckwUih'a wSiUake{late Rather Ran), both if jrhom Inotioedsome weeks beak, are also "» field for the patronage of greyhound j iw. 