Now that the 'item for tho Metropolitan and Illawarra Jlnilway has been rejected by the Assembly, it is worth while to glance at how that result has- been brought about, and by whom. That the Newcastle coal monopolists were the principal movers in accomplishing the defeat of the Ilhiwarra Railway vole there cannot, be a doubt. Having the coal trade now in their hands to all practical intents, the Northern coal-owners are determined to keep it within their grasp by all means within' their power, and especially in the way of preventing , as fur as possible tho working of the coal measures in any other part of tho colony.' But | ?whilst bj- so doing they are pocketing unusual profits from the working of their mines, they are, on the other hand, gradually driving the coal trade that should legitimately, belong to this colony away to other shores,- owing to the high price charged by them for Newcastle coal. That the last mentioned result is being accom plished is now becoming 'generally known, and has even been broadly hinted at 'in a recent ?, ', issue of tho Newcastle Chronicle. That being so, . it , will . be seen that tho, Newcastle coal monopoly acts as a' two-edged sword in doing -; injury , to' Iho' cpal trade of the colony — in the first, place, by' repelling shipping from our chores' by high -prices, and in tho second by 1 ' . ' preventing (for the time being) the opening up ,, ', .byjiline of railway of.tho Ulawhrni coalfield. ?' ? ( ? In 'addition to tho Northern coal monopolists, ' ' ii' certain member of the Assembly distinguished . himself in opposition to tho Illawurra.llailivay \- ' ; ' vote — that ;member ? boing ? Mr.' , Parkks, the '. Joryis .Bay schemer and arch- traitbi' to the South Coast Railway project. How ? Mr. Paiucbs gave official encouragement to the' Illa- warra Railway movement at the outset is too well known to require boing further alluded here, than to refer to the facts-that lie ordered survey of the line to be made at onco, and' that nt- tho banquet given -o him in' this town whortly-' afterwards lie said the Government of . which li'o'was thon the head were1 endeavouring 'to ascertain ' whether a railway could be made ' to Illawarra.' According to his remark just / . quoted, the' only thing of which lie had any . doubts at that time respecting the- proposed ' railway to this district was whether or not the engineering difficulties in the way were snch as to admit of its construction. That to construct a line of railway from Sydney to and through : . Illawavra under present circumstances would ? bo a 'nefarious scheme,' as he has since desig 1 natcd the project, does not seem to have up to ~-'that time entered his miiul. The idea of making a line of railway fiom Port Jackson to .Shoal haven appears, however, to have eventually ' .- suggestedto him nnd others that some business of , a private character might be done to their own personal advantage by tailing up mineral selec tions at the back of J)iirtboroo, and making i Jorvis Bay tho port from which the coal from those selections nhould bo hhipped for market. As soon as that idea became practically de veloped, so soon did Mr. Pakkes, in his usual and unique character as tho politicdl Jim Ornw of this colony, 'wheel about and oppose the Ilia warra Kailway project to his very utmost. The reasons fov lil1) to doing are too plain and well known to require being here retold. In his 'Opposition to lliu item for a railway to this dis trict, : 'however, . ho has resorted to the use of most base misrepresentations and direct false hoods, lie being (as on all occasions wliun itsuils him so to act) determined to serve his own ends, whatever might be the consequences to tho com munity nnd the public interests. And in the course of his remarks in opposition to tho Illa wirra Railway vote, he made reforenco to this journal and snvRiiil articles thatappearcd therein from time to time in advocacy of the said linCj stating, at the same time, that ho had what lie was pleased to term ' internal evidence' that those articles wore' written by u gentlemen who would bo bencuttcd to the extent of a quarter of .a million sterling should tha proposed rail way be constructed. Mr. Pa hues being notori ously a great authority on ghosts, it is not to be wondered at that he conjured up to himself .and his 'follow honorable members a ghost of some sort in the coursn of his seances in opposi tion to the Illawarra- Railway project. The Kiama'Ghost performance having been played out by Mr. Parkks, ho has now set his magic powers to work until 1-« has succeeded in having ' internal evidence' of the existence of an Illawarra Mercury Ghost, with which he at tempted to scare honorable members from voting for tho Illawarra Railway item. So far .'is thn Mercury lias Wen concerned in the railway movement, we have required neither inspiration nor aid from any quarter to advocate the mutter, and can therefore afford to treat as another mere Pahkes Ghost story the remarks to which we refer. It is not long since Mr. Parkes made use of the memorable expression that he did not desire to' have the support of ' those singularly independent members who would only vote with his Government when they ap proved of its actions.' Seeing we have opposed or supported Mr.' Park es on different occasions as we disapproved or other wise of his political conduct, it is not to be surprised at that such a ' singularly indepen dent' course on . our part should bring down upon us the honourable ? gentle man's frowns and ghostly displeasure. We opposed 3iis Govprnrnent very strongly even afcer he had virtually promised to support the Illawarra Railway project, contending, as we then 'did, that his Ministry should be hurled from oiHce on the Gardiner minute, as was accordingly done. As to Mr. Parkes' sneering references to advertisements that appeared in the Sydne}' papers from time to time in favour of the Illawarra Railwry, and also to the peti tions that were presented from Sydney on behalf of ths project, they were intended only to blind honorable members for a certain purpose. What could the friends of the Metropolitan and Illa . warra Rail way h a ve done under th e circu ms fen ices otherwise' than to advertise as they did? The proprietors and Editor-in-chief of the Sydney Mo nin-j Herald being pecuniarly interested in the Northern coal trade to a considerable extent, the columns of that journal were open to very little original correspondence that might be strongly in favour of the Illawarra Railway, and as to the insertion of extract matter of a similar character, such was never done by that paper for a considerable time past, unless paid for as advertisements. That being sothe friends of tho Metropolitan and Hhiwarra Railway were driven by force of circumstances to adver tise as they did. As to Mr. Parkes' remarks concerning- the Sydney petitions, they are scarcely worth ' notice. The ' opponents of 'the project in the city dared not oven attempt to get up a petition against it, knowing full well, as they did, that such an attempt on their part ;woulil bo signincantlyruinous to their cause, the probabilities being that as many as one hundred signatures could not have been obtained for such ii petition throughout he whole of 'Sydney. And taking Mr. Parkes' mode of calculating that inasmuch as the names of the majority of the citizens of Sydney had not been attached to the petitions in favor of the Illawarra Railway, a minority only -could have approved of the 'project, we find' that a similar result will be found by applying, the' same rule to the New castle petition in opposition to the mil way.' The number of names attached to the Northern petition against the Illawarra .Railway, repre. Rented only a small minority of the inhabitants of tho districts from winch those names were obtained, and that being sb, the great' majority of the inhabitants of the Newcastle districts must be favorable to the Illawaii-a Railway.', ' Butiiotwitli&taiulingthatacombination; of pri vatointere.-itsdofe!itedthoIllawarraRailwayvote on the present occasion, iis opponents make a great mistake if they bclievo the matter has been shelved for any length of time. In concluding his last speech in opposition to the fiaid railway,' Mr. Parkes, who, evidently feels his seat in East' Sydney insecure, owing to thf- course he lifts pursued in tho matter, referred to Edmund Burke, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Bright, and other suchstatesmenliavingbeen rejected by their con stituencies, and said he need feclnosbaine insnch glorious company, evenshouldhc notbo returned ut the next election. Making use- of tho same line of argument, the advocates of the- Metro politan and Illawarra Railway can point to- the Anti-Slavery Law, tho Bollot, and mtmy other such measures, having frequently been rejected boforo they became the law of the land in Great Britain, and say that in the midst of such glorious company the defeat of the item for the Ilia warm Railway should not occasion i-ither altame or du,sp;ur to its friends. J 