"the .ruiiihEE. The J u iil ieeterm I ualoll"on- Siufd uy .erenihg .last; tbe' eonjlmling . rereMUoiiios bcing nttondcdjlby tlie -largest gat liering tliati ever assembled within tho wall oft the Catholie Church- in Dalby. 1 In! our;' last is'iio wo emihi luit. briefly notice the sermon de livered on Friday criming on the raasion of;the "aviourT Tlf i?"tom-liiiigibjeet— wn"4l rMlHnrh" iiiituner that stirred the largo, audienec. iiV/tijVr.v visible way. Gelbsemani t . tho-balcoiiT: wbenco the Saviour wasshowii to the Jews— aiul,vfiualiy, Oulvar.v, the scene of (hit oriutifixion, were tho three principal divisions of tlio- scrinou. In dwelling upon eiicb of these, 'the rev. gentleman brought out In striking characters the earnestness of tbo.Son of Mim.in tlie cause of our aalrulion. He prayed for, men ' in tlie. garden, yet. with such intensity that' ho knelt and proved iu a pool of Ins own ; blood, lio described whut preee«led tho presenlation of Jesus to the people, from Pilule's balcony— the. scourging and crowning with thorns,, tlio preference publicly declared. for -Burabliusr-the-Bcnteuce-of-dcuth wrung . from the weak-minded Pagan who " found no causo in. him ' by the clamor of Christ's own people, the journey to 'Calvary, "hm! the final scene of tho Crucifixion, with great tendrrnes. Ho touched very tellingly— when tiuu'din,gti>"tho'-treneht,ry-of-iTudnsr-lhe-dcninl-ot- "Peter, nnd tlie wholesale apostasy of tlie people whmi .Testis was produced—on tho grievous consequences of die abandoning of ChristV company in the . case of Judas, tho lengths to which" compromise in matters of religion leads, when .describing the .-asseverations of Petor— niui ho' likened the conduct - o? - the rnhhlo, iii. presence of their .scourged Redeemer, to tho rcpUgtmiico of. tho majority of men to. allow themselves to bo-fcttered wiih .nnvlhing that might interfere with V their particular uteas as-to what thev oughtto do in 'matters of snlrnlioii. Barabtiiis, witii many, whs the impersonation uf- freedom of thought with 'regard to honesty nud morality 5 "Chrhtrwns-nn-irksoms- hindianeej-lo-hd-rcniovfd-at. any cost; The preacher thcittouchod upon the srquel of the Passion. He moved to tears when lio recounted how tho 'Mother of the Saviour met her Son, his snored brow begrimed with the sweat of his sufferings, Vnd bmna htk»vy"eress7hurriedly knocked up. on his shoulders, struggling to the top of the hill where ' "tli?y"w>Fe"aifxibus7tor(?ritoifyhim-(ra"ndrafter;beggtng- ' "insiliear?rstorememhcr-the-phiirecnu«cd— h\\-the- mcreing of the nail, the; jerk of the cross into the hole prepared for-ita- reception, -lie reminded them, that it was. not'without reason the Gospri rmwded . .thc.faet that, the Saviour laveupthe ghost "with a loud crv." This cry, be trusted would reaeli their iteurti/and inspire thom'with Christ's earnest nrss in tlio work of their salvation. The discourse 011 the Passion- lusted over niv hour, and was in every tespect touching and beautiful.' . . "t On -Sunday morning the S o clock Mass was said by Father. FiUgenild, nnd previous to'. administering Holv Communion to the largo' cougregat ion that filleil the Church, ho addressed. ;a brief bet ex quisite discourse on the benefits to be derived. Inunt he reeention of the Most Uolv Sacrament. Ho alluded to tho conversation between tlto twqjliciplei.going.to_ Emnmus.and Ihuir unknown companion— !m .ml Inst thev recognised him in the breaking of bread— ami luw they joufessed that throughout t he joiiriiayi heir; hearts were burning within I hern 5 hence he drew a beautiful -lesson of .tho advantages . of frequent Com- munion nnd of "journeying wrheavonin— Christ's company, refreshing, ourselves on tho way with the bread which Christ breaks to us. . ' : Father Byrne sang the 11 o'clock Mas, and nftor the first'Gospel Futher'Fitxgernld preaclird— taking his'textfroinnthe-Gospehof-t he-day— r-J>>ek-ye-t4iero- jbre first the Kingdom of God." He laid before his hearers the rewanls Qod hud promised to the good, and begged of them not to allow- transitory things to stand bet.weeiv tltem aiul the obtaining of what was permanent und lasting, and ho pointed out that the. ctlbii;tlie. Chureh now J inside was principally directed tnwaivls multiplying tlio numbers of tho Churclr triumphant in heaven. On Sutulay evening' lust, (lOih instant); the Church wusfuHrnd those who could not:.BaitT_adimttaneo. siirro\iridt,d"tlio"outsido"of'tlie"btuldingrto"honr'tln)': cimclndhig sermon of the eloquent stranger from Tasmania. VTc noticed on this occasion the presence of many of otlier denominations, in n inorejniirked way. nnd in greater number,, than on any evening of tin week preceding. The suh» ct was tho -devotion iucnlratfd hy the Church to the Mother of God. \Y cannot hnt exoress our great, satisfaction at the mann-r in which. Father Fitzgerald laid, his'/thi'me before his hearers. Ho ilirrunied nil controversy in a mailer on which tiioso whom he was principal ly aildresriiig .were agreed. Hc snid thiit the : Catholic Church was quite. mindful ' of the command given from Sioui, "Thou shall not Intro strange Gods before mo,", mid had hnt rnised.the Blessed Virgin to tho dignity of a divinity — whilo ho aid,.oh,fcha.otlier hand, tho constant prcnching ngninst ;ihe .Catlmlic prnolico had led to tho fearful outrage of having her burnt in effigy. He dwelt on the privileges conferred upon her by the Almighty — her dirine maternity- combined with hervirgiuiiy — the relationship between Jesus tlio Redemner nnd_hcrsolft— tho physienl ve_ semblance belwern tlie Son and t he Mother.— the"lik-». :ness.botwecn the qualities of l.Iis soul und. hens— ll.e influence that she, as a mother, had with her Son, ns evidenced by the miracic nt Conn— nnd the perpetua tion of this influence, illustrated bythe respect pnid hy Solomon to his mother— the efficacy of Abigail's inter- p'isition with David_in heKulfofNabal, nnd the'prnrfr favorably listened to hy Assuerus of Esther, for' her Jewish follow-countrymcn. lie also likened th»» power iu intercession of Mary to the eflleney of the tears of the widow of Nairn." He said os tlio truest test of veneration' was huiiution, it behoved them in imitate the purity of this nrk of the new cbrenuut. and to mould their actions lifter tho fiisluori'of her, .who wos declared to be "full of grace." He raiil. that. the. Catholie Church had' always regarded the honor ofMnry.a tho apple of her eyo ; . lie recalled tho enthnsiusui that followed on the ('ondemnaiiou of the heresy of Nestoriu. nud lie cat bored from the unch'iu'ceahlenes of the Church in matters of .' 'faith Tier umiHered loyally to her who had siwh a share in tho wonderful mystery of the Incarnation. Father Fitzgerald then congratulated thn Catholics of Dalhy on I heir exemplary compliance with tlio wishes of (lio Holy Father, 011 (he .benefits they had secured for their soul, and on tho example they .hart given to all around them of the faith t lint was within them. On Sunday evening the large congregation,' follow-- icg an approved form read for them in presence of I lie Blessed- Sacrament, renewed their baptismal voivs, pivh>g_lhereby,n. proof of their determination to com .Tneiice a hew life in tlio service of their Maker. Father Byrne. must he eougratulated on thraiult 'of these dovotinns. \Ye arc informed tlmt prn'rct'ly rtMy. if nhy. pf iiis peiple refused the means of.graeV offered to tliem during last week. Tlio nuinberfof Comhiiuiiohs exceeded 600. \- \Ve are -glad to hear that, 'Father Fitzgerald has teen induced by. Father Byrne, to remain over, Sunday, and that the re r. gentleman will preach on to-morrow. Wo tiro siire that not only will tlie Juhilon of .1870 never bo forgotton by tlio Catholics of Dalhy, but thnL Futhor Fiizgcrald will carry buck to his island and .native homo in Tasmania, -t he respeot, llio. grotitudc, and the prayers of all. those whohtive listenod to him-with so much hi»m»nt to themselves and admiration of his devolod efforts.- 