TALES AND SKETCHES. A VERY WOMAN.* BY M. F. O'MAttEsr. ClTAPTEtt III. 11 Sublimeat danger, over which nono weeps, When any younjc wayfariutr soul goc3 forth. Alono, unconscious of the perilous road, ? The day sun drizzling in hi3 limpid eyes, To thrust his own way, ho an alien, through Tho world of'books.' Mia. Browning. One day, about two months after Angel had arrived at Crof ton, silo wob curled up in tho library onone of the divans which filled tho ra ce336B or tu,e windows. The library was a favorite spot -with Angel. It was a fine room of great length, at ono end a splendid carved marblo mantelpiece, and at tho olher a replica of the Venus of Milo ; heavy, dark oak writing- tables, and case3 containing coinB and antique carved gems, standing above, aud tho walls lined with books. Asmall door led from the library to a room known as tho ' Priest's Chamber,' which contained afine organ. In this room Angola spent much of her time, play iDg on tho organ, whenover sho could persnado ono of tho boy3 to blow tho bellows for hor. She had a tpreafc talent for music, and a passionate love for it, and was quito happy when lost in .tho harmonies of old Italiaa church music, or modem German tone-poems. Music had always been one of hor interests, bnt since hor arrival at Crofton ahs had found in life other pleasures, scarcely known to her before. Two of them in especial thore wero, in which ner whole being seemed to widen and grow.. One was the beauty of Nature,, and the happiness of the free country uie ; gatnenng ro3os witu aewontnem in the early morning,, sitting under tho shadoof a tree in the bay-field during tho hot summer afternoons, and rowing on tho river in the cool, quiet evenings. The other pleasure, even greater and stranger, had come from a sudden introduction to tho world of books. Angel had never road any books except her school histories, written on Ultramontane principles, Telemaquo, a book of German ballads, Tasso's Gierusalemmo Liberata, M. de Saintino's Picciola, the Imitation of Christ, and a volume of Selections from tho Old and Now Testaments. Imagine the effect on a naturally intellectual girl, who had found in this list all hor montal food, of a sudden introduction to tho worlds of thought to be found in a good library. At first the result was a feeling of bewilder ment, and almost of oppression, so- novel was tho light that poured iuto her mind, so strango and many w.ero the voices that sounded in her oars. Still,, though Angel's intellect was undeveloped, she had boeu trained to a nice and careful appre ciation of tho beauties of stylo, and her pure, though ardont imagination, made her instinc tively choose works o£ high romance and poetical beauty. She developed an insatiable appetito for books ; that is, for books of poetry, history and travels, and hist,1 but not least, for lovo stories. Her fir3t plunge was into tho Waverley novbls, which sho devoured eagerly, living in thorn entirely, as she road one after tho other, till at last there woro no more of them to read, and she camo breathless to tho surfaco roady to begin them all over again, if she had not been seized by tho now fascinations of Froissart's Chronicles and Shak3peare. Meanwhile, sho and Frank bad grown into warm and sisterly friendship. Without having much in common, they suited each other admir ably as companions, for both wore thoroughly genuine and spontaneous in nature, aud Augol was impressed by something original and indivi dual in Frank's character, whilo Frank was, half ? unconsciously, attracted by the vein of ideality and romanco.in hor cousin. Poor Frank had for a monlh past boon undergoing tho torturo of a finishing qoverneas, and had boen not only ovor whelmed with lessons, bnt dobarrod from hor favorite pursuits, and constantly reproved for ' unladylike' ways of bohavior and expression. Miss Pctro woighod less heavily on Angola, who was found to bo so far advanced in tho know ledge of languages* music, and drawing, that eho was set free of tho schoolroom, aud theroforo bad many hours to horsolf. Tlite afternoon Angela was deep iu Tho Tompast, whon sho was interrupted by tho appearance of hor couain, who throw liersolf on the cushions of tho divan, ox claiming, ' How cool and quiet it ia here ! I hopo thoy will leavo mo in peace for a littlo ! One thiug is thoy will novor suspect me of being in tho library. Mis* Petro says tho stable-yard is tho placo to find me in. All I know is, I had sooner look after tho horaes than be taught by hor i' ' What in tho matter, Frank dear ? Anything in particular ?' ' Only Miss Pctro has boon making a formal complaint abaut me to mamma and grandmamma, and thoy have all throo boon pitching into mo. ?Vulgar, and {.elfish, and ignorant, and bad-. U'ubli-ihed by ejiocial arrangement with the author. All ri^li'.u rcervoJ. ?~~ ? : — ?— ~ i tempered,' is tho very least of what I havo been callod.' ' What a shamo !' said Angela, indignantly. ' Poor Frank !— I do dislike that Mis3 Petro, with her affectations and her lectures about do* portment.' ' She's a least !' said Frank,wilh. moro enorgy than rofinomont. ' Ke7cr mind ! Sho won't ' stop horo much longer.' 'What do you mean? Sho is not going away?' ' 'I don't know whether she intends to leavo tho houso, but I intend to get her out of it, somo« how or other, if I die for it ! Or elso I shall go away myself ! I have a great mind to run away, and go out a3 a housomaid. I declare I would, if it wasn't for daddy. Como horo, Koswal ; como here, old boy. Did ho come to look for hia mistress, then ?' Frank became absorbed in talking to her dog,' and Angola again returned to The Tempest. ' Presently sho looked up with a dreamy expression ' in her eyes, and read alond : — ' Heneo, bashful cunning, And prompt mo, plain and holy innocenco ! I am your wife, if you will marry mo ; If not, I'll die your maid : to lo your fellow You rnajMony mo ; but I'll bo your eorvaut Whcthor you will or no. ' Frank, do you beliovo there is love like that in the world now ? Do you think one could ever lovo any one enough to wish to be his slave, i£ only ono could bo near him ?' 'I couldn't, I know,' said Frank. 'I think it's all bosh ! I lovo Daddy and Eoswal. Don't I, my beautiful, old dog ?' ' Ko, but, Frank, really, do you believe thera. is such a thing as lovo ? I mean the sort of lava ono reads about in books ; like Miranda and Juliet and Edgar Kavenswood, You understand what I mean ? ' How should I know?' said Frank, flushing.' ' Well, but, Frank, I want to know what yori think. Do you think thore i3 really a kind of love that lasts for ever, or is it only in novels anfi poetry? Look at this description,' and she opened a little green morocco-coverod volume, and pointed out a passage to her cousin, quoting :— ? ' Then lost amid tho heavenly domes and towers, Molt in tho vistas of eternity.' '.Who wrote that ?' said Frank. ' I don't know ; there isn't any name.' ' Why, they're Vivian Vane's poems !' sail Frank, looking into the book. 'Are they?' exclaimed Angela, who tia8 appreciated the beauties of tho said poems with, the instinct of a pootic natuce, though much. 6£ the thought in them was too metaphysical and the feeling too complex to be thoroughly understood by hor simple, youthful mind and heart. 'What do you think, Frank?'' eho,. persisted. 'I don't think' about it at all,' replied hoi cousin, shortly. ' Here como tho boys ! Jim, go and blow the organ bellows for Angel ;. I want her to play to me. Go and play something, Angel, like a good child, while I rest comfortably on this nice soft sofa ; and como and sit hero. Regie and Cecil, I want to talk to you.' Augol made no objections to her cousin's 6Ug« gestion, but going to the organ in tho pricat's. room, was soon lost in a world of harmony. Meanwhilo Frank and tho two boys.talked in low tones, their conversation occasionally interrupted by a fit of laughter. ' Why don't you tell hev, Frank ?' said Cecil at last, pointing to the door into the priest's room. 'It will bo much easier to manage if eho knows about it. 'Don't you see,' said Frank, 'if we are found out, we shall got into a most tremendous row, and it would be mean to bring Angel into it ?'* tc Quito right, as usual, my lady 1' roturnoi Regie. ' But, Frank,' broke in Cecil, ' do you know I am a little in a funk about it, Suppose tho oil' woman screams herself into a fit ?' 'Stuff?' said Regie. 'Of course she doesn't really believe in ghosts ; no ono does. It will give her a jolly good fright, but it won't do her a bit of harm.' 'All I'm afraid of is that she'll gues3 what it is,' said his sistor. ' Now stop chattering, I wan't to listen to Angel's music.' Frank wont into the 'Priest's room ,'and, sitting on the deep window seat, with her slight figure resting against tho casement, and her gracef ut ' head defined against tho sky, listened dreamily to tho strains of Ro3sini's Stabat Mater. Frank was a curious mixture of many almosi . opposite qualities. Sho was brusque, wild, in some ways very childish for hor age, and talkoi with all tho schoolboy slang of hor brother?, tout was nevertheless neither ungraceful nor unlady like. Hor thoughts and feoling3 wero so far removed from any taint of vulgarity that in. all wild nonsonso she did not jar upon a delicato tasto, and she was too kind-hearted to fail in real courtesy, though sho ignorod conventional rules. Sho was very difficult to manage by tho39 who had not a strong hold on her respect and affection, in fact, with her mother and grand* mother she was often extremely disagreeable; but to those she loved sho showed a naturo full of deop affection and tender thoughtfulness. Sho had not tho slightest inclination to any litorary tastes, and considered all sentiment as affectation j but sho had imagination though it was entirely uncultivated, and was highly susceptibly, moreover,! to tho beauty of rhythm, enjoying music and sonoroua verse, and also tho liar- moniou; cadence of tho motion in riding and boating. Frank's was as yet an undeveloped nature, but it was one of sufficient power to int« press its individuality on thoso who camo in con« tact with it. Hor mother was never tired of. complaining of her hoydenishnoas and caroless« ness, but entrusted to her, nevertholes3, all tho care of tho house. Her father adorod hor, ani was never happy when away from hor ; hat brothers admired hor profoundly ; all tho horaoa, dogs, and other animals lovod Frank more than any ono olso ; all tho littlo villago school chaldron learnt their hymns because it would ' please Miss Frank ;' all tho sorvanta in tho houso were de« voted to her ; and Pet talked about ' Frank' from morning till night. CnArTnn IV. ' The apparition cornea I Angola and ministers of Rraco, defend us ! Alas, poor ghost I' That night Angela was Btartlod out of hor sleep bj a smothered scroam, followed by a heavy sound 1ikoa?al1. Tl Here dc Dial /' sLo exclaimed, sitting up in bed,-—' What is tbat 2' The nioon ligbt was streaming in at tho opoa window ; 6vc*y thing seemed profoun dly still. ' ' For a second or two Angel listened, her heart btating fast, then aho got out of bed, and went to the window. Nothing waa to bo seen. Down below, bathed in a flood of silver light, lay the Inter, and tho old-fashioned garden beyond it ; not 'a crcaturo was in sight ; tho person avuo uttered that scream must cither bo round on tho other ?Side of tho house, orindoora. trembling violently, And with fearful pictures in licr mind of robbers and murderers, Angela determined to go to Prank's room, which was just opposite her own, and takecounscl with her cousin whether to alarm tho houso. ' Bcside3'—sho reflected, with comfort-^-' Roswal sleeps there, and will bo a gifeat protection if thero arc murderers in tho house.' Scrowing up all her courago, Angela mado a dasb across tho room and tho passage, in 'at' Prank's door, and found, — Roswal, quietly asleep on tho hearth-rug, a cdndlo burning on tho toilette tablo, and Frank,— not thorc, . Tho big dog gavo a growl aa the door oponed, ?tiufc, recognising Angel*, shut his eyes again, and '-VnoftB away peacefully. 'What cbuld have ; 'happened1?' Angela was standing there in 'hot : ' nightdress, shaking, terrified, and undecided tfhaVio do n'eixt, when tho door oponed, and in neanwher cousin, quito dressed, and in Sts of ?Jatfghter. ' Angel !' sho oxclaimed, '? what aro you ?-Joirfg? yon look as white as a sheet r!' ' OFrank, I heard such an awful scream, What canitfce?' ' Don't distrcsss yonrsolf, my -lear child. Get . into bed and I'll tell you all about it. Wo have .'been allowing Miss Petro a ghost, that's all.;' nnS ' 'Prank sealed herself on the foot of f Kb bVd, and '. laughed until sho almost choked. ' Ob, goody !' sho exclaimed, aa soon as she fluid recovered enough breath to speak, 'hofr ridiculous -Miss Pet!1© did look, with an old T&right- gree;'n diessing-g6wn on, and her hair dono tp in two little twists! Why, Angel, you're HSbafeingttll over! Don't be so silly. I tell you it ?was only 'ibo ogress, who screamed because Wo showed her a ghost. ' ' I cau't help it,' said Angel, with a curious sort of little sob in her voice ; 'I was so terribly lrightened. Bat what do yon mean, Frank? Wfcat ghost?' 'Well, I didn't intend to tell you anything about it, in case you might bo questioned, when it would bo better if you didn't know ; but as yon arc insuch a state, you shall hoar the whole story, so as to be sure thero was nothing to alarm you. Well, you seo, wo want to get Alias Petro out of tho'bmiso, and, as it can't'be dono by fair Jnearis, it had to be done by foul; so'now you Brie if ahe staya'in'tbis houso another night' — ' What? did you' dress up as a ghost?' ' No, not I ; Regio. 'We all did it between us. Yon Temerriber that'talk wo had'tbe other night *ith Miss Pctre about ghoShs? Sho said sho ? didn't believo in them, and then Cecil told her all abouflho ghost of tho nun hero, who walks in. tho 'ghost's gallery,' and how none of tho servants 'will go there after-dark, and then Miss Petro said it was only ' the superstitious terrors of unedu 'eated people.' Well, that put it 'into my Jiead,' so to- night I dressed up Regie in that nun's dresa of yours, and Cecil ? ornamented hi3 face with* phosphorus to make it shine j'aHd then, before^ Mk3 Petro camoup stairs,! shut np tho cat in1 ^«rioom. Sho is awfully, afraid of cats, and i' *new sho wouldn't rest as soon as sho found out Fluff was thoro. Fluff made a bolt under the he'd ?when Miss Petre came near her; and whilo tho ogress was stooping down, trying to catch hot, , \- Jim went softly into tho room,and blew out tho . -«andle, so it waa all ? dark. Well, I think Hiss Tetre thought it was tho wind which had dorio ' -it^ anyway sho didn't got a light, but put 'the door open, and -tried to chass Fluff out. At last obt she rushed, the cat I meaB,'— Franks pronouns wero apt to become involved—' and MissTotre after her, and thero stood Regie at 'Hie end of tho passage. Oh, aueh an awful-' ylooTungliguro,— you can't think i I declared felt a littlo frightened of him Myself, though 'I'' had dressed him np, and knew all about it. Well, then Misa Petrbjgavo that shriek you' ' flear\J,and tumbled back into her room, and shut 'the door.' : 'But, Prank,' said her cousin, ' aren't yon afraid that sho may bo too terribly frightened?; Mon Dku, I think such a sight would kill mo !' ' ??fStuff!'' said Frank. 'Fright doesn't kill. I hope sho is frightened enough to go away, and leave «s in peace.' ,- ' But I think if fright does not quito kill, it taight make ono vory ill,' persisted Angel. 'I Shall never forget tho agonies of fear I had as a -thild. I think I will go and see how Mias Petro 'Well, go,' said Frank crossly, ' and tell her' wo did it, and get us all into tho worst row wo ?wore ever in in all our lives.' -- ? ' Don't bo angry, Frank. I won't tell'ner any. thing . but, indeed, I don't think I could rest without going to seo how sho is. Why, she may have fainted P , '-Ob, ehe's ranch too tough for that,' replied -Prank. ' You'ro a good deal moro like 'fainting yourself, shivering and shaking liko that' ! Hero put a shawl round you, and somo slippers on, .if JouwtWgo.' . \- Angela wont down tho two long passages in a ' dreadful Btato of nervous terror. Though she' fwW !^M dlft ilkk- sho folt tb»t »no sight of n«^rlUfl?nr0'describcdby Franb» ™-M bo quite beyond bearing, and ehe wouM not havo ^u35riBCd *° find tb° governeB3 Bear1v deaa ?foSSS??' to Bfe a liEht 8Wni»R*»» beneath -«n i » tlmifJknOck« fin«Wd-«i«ahSJJV?C8ai1 AflgeIa* heaito Miss Petro pausod for a moment. n Yea,' sho said at last, ' I tumblo-J over tho cat, and was startled enough to— exclaim, I believo ; and tho cat; too, mado a noise. I suppose that ig what you heard. Now, go back to your bed, Angela.' ' Can't I do anything for you, first !' . ' Well, yes, my dear, I should bo much obliged if you would kindly go down to tho schoolroom, and bring mo up my homoeopathic modicine chest ; my nerves havo been shaken, and I feel that I could not sloop without a dose, Iloro is a candlo for you.' Poor Angela waa too good-natured to refuse ; ; bnt it was with a loudly beating heart, and BtaTt ing violently at the strange lights and shadows, and even at tho sound of her own footsteps, thai sho went on M^a Petro's message. Ak last, however, it -was accampliahed, and sho found herself back in her coueiu's room in safety. 'Well, how Li, sho?' said Frank. 'Come; into bed, you poor, littlo whito thing.' ' Oh, sho is pretty well,' was tho answer. ? 'Sho did not say oho word about tho ghost; tino saya she tumbled over tho dab, and was Btaftled.' ' Oh, what fun 1' exclaimed Frank, in high delight. -'?' Sho isn't going to own 'to having felt , tho 'superstitious 'terrors of an uneducated .person 1' But . why wero you 30 long ? I . began to think I 'should havo 16. go and look for you.' ? ? ' Miss Petre asked mo to go down to tho schoolroom and fetch her medicinc.b'tfx.'' 'The mean oia creatnroi Just because she waa too frightened to go herself ! You poot \ child 1 why didn't you como and tell me to got it for you? and now cold you aro! and how -you: s{art ! Why, it has frightened yoti inoro than : tho ogress.' Pranks getting soon soothed the- -girl'a over wrought nerves, and bath tho cousins fell asleep. ' The next morning, Lady Trchefne, otlicrwiso, 'Grandmamma,' entered her. daughter's room with a perturbed expression of countenance. ' My clear Marion,' she said, ' here is a most ? provoking contretemps. 'Miss Petre saya that' she must leave hero ' to-day. n ' r 'Misa Petro! Why?' 'She saya 8ho -was voTy ill last night ; and that sho is sure the place disagrees with her. In fact, she does look very poorly this morning, antl . sho saya she has had letters from home which ? oblige her to be there ; but theso aro evidently excuses. Probably tho real reason is, tbtit . Frank has said or dono something too out- ' rageous.' 'Dear mo!' said Mrs. Wlllonghby, 'I wonder if any one ever had the trials to enduro I suffer'!' Lady Treherno ignored her daughter's1 trials, and continued — ' It isreally very vexations ; for Misb Tetre is a first^ratogoverness, and I vaa in hopes that sho might improve Prank's manners a:liu!e. I don't ' knoV? what is toba done about th*e 'girl, she is a thorough Willoughby ; that terrible itmsqucrie doea not come from either the Herveya or tho Trehernea. She is sauvuyc a faive jpcUv, and completely uneducated. '' 'I know it too well,' said Wilfoughby, ' but. ?what can I do? In George's eyes sho is simply perfect, as you know. It was 'wilb the utmost ; difficulty that I persuaded him to ebgago Miss ? Petro, and he will not hear of a school.'' 41 It is very unfortunate,' said iho old lady..; 'Girls ought really to be kerJt at a convent Until ' they are old enough to go into society. Just «eo what nice quiet manners that? nieco of your hus band's has got, and how beautifully eho plays ' and draws. Prank is very pretty, and I am fond = of the child, but she is so badtybrought iip,'I am really afraid that she ?will be making somo ter riblo mesalliance some day. A'od her father would be certain to uphold and- encourage her. I ' havebutonohope-ithatHarsy Vane may fall in lovo with her. Ha has sdrae bnfter to his bread, and would maite her a good husbanVl, 'besides. I; fancy he finda'her manner piquantc, and I am: certain that' in society it would be her ruin, I : advise you to do what you can to arrange some- ' thing of tbe:kinS, my dear Marion, or you will, find Miss Frank eloping with some pennilesa en- ' sign.' ' Meanwhile Itfiss Potrd waa packing her boxes, and, to tho immense delight of all tho young Wil- ' loughbya, the carriage sdon camo rounil to take tho obnoxiona governess to'the station. Tho last weet of the boys' holidays;had arrived, , and they and their sisters wero prepared to enjoy ; it to the uttermost ; but, unfortunately for them, they had by no means heard the last of tho' £ho&t.; ^ Ono afternoon tho boys were amusing them selves by teasiog' Nelly, who waa her grand mamma's especial pet, and therefore came in for' a good deal of schoolroom obloquy. Regie bad; put heron tEo top of a cabinet, and Nelly was crying with mingled anger and distress, exclaim- ! ing, between her sobs — 'Regie, take mo down ; -7o ! I hato you,' I hate you! You'ro very unkind! I'll -tell : grandmamma.' | ' Dear, amiable little child !' said Cecil. ' lattle toll-tale,' growled Jim. ' Take hor down, Rcgio. She's tho moat spiteful littlo creaturo that over lived. Let her go to her grandmamma.' , Rogie, softened' by tho tears, lifted hor down,'; saying— ? ' TherQ, don't cry.' Nelly's tears redoubled. ; 'I'll tell grandmamma, I will ; yon'ro Mil .so wicked to me.' ' I' 'Well, tell grandmanimA if you liko ; I'm sure I don't mina.' '' Allow too to -«sen'tho door for you,' said ' Cecil, holding open tho xloor wiHi mock politc-'r ness. ''Don't lotUB detain yott- for a moniont.' Nelly, goaded to desperation, facea round on ' her tormentors, and said— ' I'll toll grandmamma about the yhost.' \ ' WhaM' «sc?aimed Regio. ' No, Mis3^ ?Nelly, you don't go.' And, aa tho child tried to run past him, be1 caught hor by Iho arm, and, carrying her to tho' «ther end of tho room, put hoi on a table, and stood before, ;? 'Now,' ho caitJ, ' tell mo- directly what you. mean,' *' I'know/'taiil Nally, witi a. certain sensoof; triumph'throo^bliex'teare. 'I 'heard you and' ?Steak taMEoaboiit it. You dies3ea np like a ghost, and frightened Misa Petro ; and that waa why euo went away. I saw tho drcas, too, in Angel's room.' 'Go, Nelly,' said her brother. 'I did not think ono of m could bo so mean.' ' Diahonorablo littlo' sneak !' said Jim ; ' go and tell grandmamma if you like.' 'You need not distress yourself,' said a voice at tho window; 'grandmamma has heard.' And Lady Treherno appeared oa tho sccno, actually whito with anger. 'Come with mo, Nelly, my child.' Nelly, horrified at what sho had done, ?would fain have stayed behind, Tbut dared not disobey grandmamma, nor faco tho wrath of hor brothers, so followed Lady Trohorno in miserablo silence. 'Hero's a pretty go !' said Regie, as tho door shut. ' Whore's Frank ? Wo had better go and tell her.' However, Frank was nowhero to bo found, and presently a message tho boys dared not disregard camo to 'summon them to thoir father's study. When Angela camo in at dinner timb, sho was told by Etbol, in an awestruck manner, that sho was to ''Go to papa in tho study.' Wondering somewhat, Angola proceeded thero, and was received by her Tinclo -with a stem 'ex., pression, very different from his usual look df kindly benevolence. ' Angela,' ho said, 'I am grievod and disap pointed that you should havo participated in this , disgraceful trick. Do you know that pcoplo have 'bidn killed or rendered idiots for lifo by snch a shock ?' Angel felt that-it would bo Tne'an to desett tho . others in their tronblo, and so boro tho imputa« ; tion in silence, Just then tho door opened, anu Frank came in with ho'r head in tho air. ' You sent for me, papa ?' sho said, with a shade of defiarico in her tone. ' Yes, I did,' was tho reply. ' Frank, I am beyond measure grieved to find that such a thoughtless, ualadyliko trick could have been arranged by you. I begin to seo that your grandmamma has been quito right when she has told me that I over-indulged you. Tho boys aro quito enough to blamo, and I havo punished them severely, but you and Angela aro without excuse.' ' Angela 1' said Frank. ' Angel had nothing whatever to do 'with it. Sho would havo pre vented it, if ahe had known about it ; and aa it was, sho went ta ceo how Miss Petre was, and look after her.' 'T. am very gTad to hear it,' said Mr. Wil - loughby; 'and I ask your pardon, Angel, for having blamed you unjustly. As to you, Frank, I havo nothing more to say to you, but I do not wish to seo you again thia evening.' Poor Frank ! She walked out of tho room with a defiant, careless expression, which vexed her father deeply, but her heart was sore within her. Never beforo had Mr. Willoughby spoken to her in that voice and manner. Hitherto, let who would blame, from him sho would meet with excuse and indulgence. She wont up to! her room and stood at the window, pale, but tearless, whilo Roswal, with a dog's instinctivo sympathy, nestled up against her, and licked her hand. ' My beautiful !' said Frank, 'you lovo your Mistress, don't you ' Come in,' sho added, in a 'devil-may- care' tone, as someone knocked at; tho door. Arjgol entered, and walking up to her' cousin, put her arm round Frank's waist, saying ' Never mind.' 'I don't,' said Frank, beginning to whistle; but Angel did not mistake tho put-on reckless nessfor real indifference, though sho herself, in such a troublo, would havo 'broken down into' sobs and tears. , 'Angel,' eaid Frank presently, ' if papa ia ' going to turn against mo, too, I am not going i to stop here to bo knocked down *and danced upon every day by all of them. I am not going to be grandmamma's white nigger.' 'Your father isn't going to turnftgainat you,' Frank, dear. Ho is voxed now, bu'fc ho would bo; kind again directly if you 'would just only 'say' you are Sony.' , 'You are sorry that ho'a angry, aron't :you, ? Frank ?' urge'd 'Angela. , ' Of course I'm sorry ; I should have told him so, if he had been kind.' ' ' Tell him so now, that's tv dear. .Do, Frank.' ' I can't,' said Frank. ' You will bo bo mnfth happier,' persisted Angel. ' ' I don't want to bo happier.' 'But it's right.' ' How yon do bother, Angol. I don't seo -what \ business it' ia of yours, ' Angel turned away rather hurt. 'Thero,' said Frank, putting her arm round' her cousin, and kissing hor, ' I'm a littlo beast, ' I know. I 8uppoBO it was a bad sort of thing to havo dono, and I am sorry a million times ovor for having vexed Daddy. I would tell him so to-night, only ho Baid I wasn't to como down: again.' 'Well, perhaps yon had b6ttorwait till tho morning. Don't look eo miserablo, dear Frank ;. it will be all right to-morrow.' 'I can't bear to bavo got the boys into thiB dreadful row. Whore aro they, Angel i' ' In their rooms, I suppose. I haven't seon anybody ; I only came in just beforo you did.' : ' And how was it all found out J' ' I haven't an idoa.' 'By-the-by, why didn't you toll them youiad ' nothing todo-with it ?'' *' Ob, I don'fc know ; I couldn't desert you all.' ? ' You'ro a'tmmp,oia girl. Como along with mo' now to the boys' rooma, and find out what they aro doing, and all abonb it ; then let us go and. havo tea in the schoolroom.' Tbo two girls accordingly mado their way to Begio'8 room, and found the proprietor of it busy making flies at a small table near tho window ; Cecil forgetting his woea in tho fascinations of Tho -Three Muskotoora ; and Jim with his elbows on the window- sill crying. 'Woll, Franlt,' said Regie, with rather a' ruoful smilo, ' -wo'vo got it hot and heavy thb: time, and no mistake ?-' ' Jim crying I' sai£ .F/ank. ' Jim-hasn't loarnt to tako a lickiug y(it with--, oat blabbering.' * ' What !' exclaimed Angel in horror, ' did ho beat you?' ' Didn't he just ! and sent na all np'alairs with* out any dinner, what'a moro ! Tho licking wai for cheeking grandmamma.' 'Then look here, Angel,' said Frank, ' yoa just go down to dinner, for I won't havo any tea to-night, either. If they havo to atarvo, I will too !' ' I don't seo what good that would do !' said Rcgio, withBritkh common acnao and absence 6i sontiment. ' I am suro wo shouldn't enjoy tea much when we knew you hadn't any,' Eaid Angel, with a smilo. ' No, let us all bo companions in misfor tune, and think it'sA fast day. Don't cry any more, Jim. Cecil, don't you think yon miglA showusthoso experiments to- night? It would pass time.' Cecil lookod pleased, and dropped his book. ' Woll,' said Regio, ' in that caso I voto wb aTl adjourn to Cecil's room ; for I don't want mine mado to stink, as his docs, with thflso beastly chemicals. Como along, Jim, old fellow ; don't cry. It won't kill you this timo.' ' * uuu u iJjj uuii iuai/ inviiu unuas l^euy i growled Jim. 'Nolly! What liatl Nelly to do with it ?' eaiti the two girls in a breath. So then tho wholo story wag Totaled, Prank exclaiming emphatically at its conclusion— ' Well, I never heard of such a mean, dishonour- : ablo thing in all ray lifo. Nelly was bad enough, ' 'but what can you expect whon grandmamma ialB 11* tbo'examplo of listening at doors '!' 'Thorfc's no good 'talking about grandmamma, Frahk/' observed Cecil philosophically ; 'it only makes us all in a rago. LeVs forget all abodt it, if we can, thougTi I'm awfully hungry already. See hero, Angel.' Angel was quito ready 'to second any attempt at divorsion, and tho evening passed by less wearily than might havo been expected. Tho following morning Frank waylaid Tier father aa ho camo in from hiB early walk. ' Don't be angry, papa, I am very sorry.' 'God bless you, my darling,' said Mr. Wil loughby, kissing her ; ' perhaps I seemed 6v6r stern to you ; but, Prank, I havo had a lesson on tho results of such a trick. Whon I waa at school, a littlo fellow was literally killed by tho shock of seeing a dressed-up figuro of that kind ; and you see, Frank, what am I to say when your grandmamma tells mo you led tho boys into mis chief?' 'Well, I am going to turn into a perfect pattern, Daddy,' said Frank, slipping her hand through her father's arm ; ' and I really am sorry to havo vexed you.' ' I am afraid the results aro not over for yon yet, my child,' repliod her father. 'Your mothor wishes to take you and Angel np to London for tho autumn and winter, to havo lessons and so on.' 'And St. Michael's, Daddy? Yon said I might go down thero this autumn. And tho hunting ! 0 Daddy ! you didn't say yes?' ' I had to, Prank,' said Mr. Willoughby, with much distress. 'You see, I suppose your mamma is right about your education ; and be sides, I haven't much to say in such a matter aa that.' 'A winter without hunting!' said Frank, dolefully. 'Nover mind, lilllo woman ! I daresay wo' can find somo fun for you in London ; theatrea and eo on. Yon will have all tho eights to show to Angel. '* Poor Frank1! it was her first lesson in tho knowledge that wo may bo aa aorry as tvo liko, but wo cannot undo the effects of our actions. 