HOW OVR LETTERS AND NEWS PAPEES GO ASTRAY. Whenever a nowspnper or letter goes astray tho sender is fdrious in his denunciations of tho post office authorities. It is probablo, how over, judging from:tho twonty-second roport of tho Postmaster-Genoral in London, that, in most instances'at least, tho sender and not tho post office authorities aro the delinquents.. From the report in question it appears that— ? «TTi\mmW1ii rtf O.n .Snn lnifuvH WArrt nn«tnr1 \wit.1i_' out any address 4 of whioh number 464 con-! tained in the -«ggrogato nonrly £500 in. cash : and bank notes, and nearly £0,000 in cho qucs, &c.; ' Nearly 6S;000 postage stamps were found loose in tho different post offices. ' Miscellaneous articles cumbering 13JG48 reached the Rdturncd Lottor Offioo whollydes titute of covors. In a largo number of 'these oases tho -covers wero o£ tac flimsy a nature to resist th« -attrition to which packets are un avoidably isubjsuted in tho mail bags. ' The Post Office while .fulfilling its firtt duty to the publicity uii'ordiiig'jncans for trie rapid transmission -of correspondence, is also made tho vehaolo of ? conveyance for small ardcles of almost'ondlesc variety: d£ theso the following were observed passing through the poei during I.ILI; -tjiti., 'via., oiihwuiuiL .imi ^uulli;» j auwcio, fruit, and vegetables ; verious kiuds'of game ; wearing upparel ; modeU of metal fitSngs and toys; deeches, 'snails,'«{;gs, six white mice, a sparrow:, .two Bnakca, a crayfish, and a dog. Severalof ithose being'eijrohibited ariacles were 6ent to .the lEeturned Jtettor Office. ' The dog- was- posti'l at the Loirliard-street Offioe, ^and, having: fellcn into the bag affixed to the letter Tjox, wasmot discovered until the contents wecc turned out at St. llartin'sle Grand. 'Theifaifcaro of letters to reach. *ho persons for whom Ahey. arc intetided is not- ;ej ways attri butable toiiSio PoatO?fico. ' Anunisgistercd totter was recently received at Livorpool in a- very thin cover bearing an almost .illegible address, and wadi'clelivered to a firm ito -whom it-~wac supposed ib» be directed. On i-eing.qpened,itho lettor and its enclosures, fivo £100icotes, woro found to'.bc intondedfor another fu&n;, to wiom they -weie eventually delivored. ? ' 'iCho rfclllowing-is a copy of -She address of a letter which, also reached Livprpool, tl»e names of porsoneaLnd places being .ho^e omitte^.: — 1 This lotter is for-Mrs. M ? Slie lives in some part of Liverpool. 'From her father John ? a -tailor from ? !; he would foe itihankful to some ^ 'Postmaster in Liverpool Sf ho .would find: her omt.' .The addresses, .ucfortunatoly, could aot be found, and the letter was sent to the .Returmid Lettor Office. ' K hapneneiaot unfrcquently that co mplaints are mado of the failure both of letters :ind tele grams, which, after ?enquiry... has taken place, arc found in the waste-paper, baskets or pockets of the adiiressees. ' Superstition rarely .stands, in Itbo wo .y of the oxtension of postal accommodation or conve nience ; but a case of the kind recently 0 coiirred in the west of Ireland. Application wa a mado for thi) erection, of a ..wall lottcr-bo? c, and authority had beon granted for-.setting it up ; but when arrangements camo .to. ha ms vdo for providing for the collection of .lottcrs, 1 16 ouo could be found to undertake tho duty, ii a con sequence of a general belief, among 1 tho j. loorer people in tho neighbourhood: that,. at thai '.'par ticular spot, ' a ghost wont, out nightl y on parade.' The ghost was-stated to ha a . largo ?white turkoy without a hood.' 