A FRENCHMAN ON FRENCH WOMEN. AT the present day the education of - girls is neady- exclusively in'the^tonds ' of the clergy. The convents-'have ' organised:a regular monopoly-of female education ;- they have'rendered ^secular . competition entirely' out 'of tli e q uestion. It is easy to uiidei-staiid that the "clerical party should wish to retain that monopoly. ; In a: few years some of these girls will take the veil, and . the - convent where they. were brought lip will reap the benefit of their unreserved - co-operation ,and their fortune ; " -and they will be thus instrumental -'in ,pav- : ing the way for tl • influence of; the . clergy over the. next .gereratioii. . .The greater number of them 'wiil Warry and- ; have children. They will bring up the childien in the same way 'that they themselves have been trained in. Tliey will receive the mot-d'or tire from, the clerical party- that they will- promote its. collections — its' associations—its • worksroficharity and .propaganda ; • the M influenee they may have over: their husbands; - their families, -, >and their J friends will be used for the "benefit of the clergy. -Now, this education which women"receive is deplorable. .It is equally objectionable for what it .'does teach, and for what it -does not <teach. Asregardsinstruction;rit5sabsolutely insufficient. ,, If one could get a glimpse into the intellect of agirl- leaving «&K;>6l one would be terrified at^heiuge 'gaps^ existing in it. No -philosophy; TIO science, no philology/no 'history. J 'The I practice of -arithmetic does •duty* for mathematical?science^and^theprinci])les and theoriestf -are seldom or "riever-" touched Upon. , As for "natural science,- they have 4o' rest satisfied-'with Ea'"few experiments akin to those^wlicK de^" i light children at the coDj'ufoii^on'' tlie Boulevards- On the other hand, they ' ai« taught srered history with great minuteness, and what 'fiat history is lik^is enough to make ^ne shudder, iu gl&nce; • actere altered; events k<xk>mbi(^ateatfor * "the* greater"tglory 6f "the ^CKwrch of RomeJ Theimen. at all events, ignorant "though -they he,, lave • a glimmering "of the fejMtence ^of-' su'di' a 1 tiling • as ' scientific method '•iBut there is no phenomenon-fso"rare as a wornair having, < \- ft distinct notion of wliat.science jneajis; MyBticiBm'iS atthe ljotto'ni'-of. the;con- •ventual system of education, and inv stead Vpf' devejp])'mg unduly put "through - a r forcing process. Iii stortj .with ft few' exceptions, fem^e educatipii in Trance' does^iiot. rise above the level of professional, training.' According to the social claBSto wliicli they :.h,elong . that : tprofessipnall training .varies., . Some .who are jneant for;. milliners learn : to sewj to .use scissors,, o&d.w.ork; "the sewing-macViine .; • others. intended for cooks, learn to light • •. a fire, to .truss a: chicken, and .to clean saucepans., - Others who are. in tended to " shine , in society," are . trained to hold their heads up, to bow'gracefully, to play on the piano, and to talk about frivolous gossip without looking bored.- All equally, are taught to spell, and to: make themselves agreeable. : -Tlie only - difference between -them is that some of • them wear a cap and others- a bonnet; some! are attired in isilks and satins, others in', cotton, jind some wear -a larger quantity of artificial air than • others. Internally the difference is not considerable.. A psychologist, who merely heard tliem arguing • without looking at their hands, would be often greatly puzzled to make out which 1 was 1 ] • the grand* dame' and which was the' cook. , There is an ienormous difference between men: of different class.' The ioui'^eois and the artiKaiis do Hot appeiir to belong to the same order of creation :. when they, ire casiiall^^ they iire at a loss what' to say to pmcIi :: other. The orie'has ho ide^ inipreRKioiiFs-i-^he has never beei) ;;taiighf. to control his iniprils^,~of 'tb rife abos'e his^instiiicfe. Tlie'o.thpr'has received a; scientific' irainiing. of sonie kind thai •mates ^relatively a man of him. The artisan vlmm an unexpected .turn of fortune .lias raised above; his position is, always ill at ease in the.new sphere on which he lias, been promoted^ He is awkward, ungainly, ridiculous —in short, a ;/a 'Tent/.. , O n the other, hand, it lias:ofteu been remarked how easily a woman whom marriage or a. happy chance lias raised to a social rank she was not born to, accommodates. herself to her .new station. She very soon acquires the manners, „ the language, and the general habits of her new condition, .and no one would guess- that ever she.was otherwise than what she seems. . . People generally ascribe; this to the faculty,assimilation which women possess j it would be more accurate to ascribe it to.the fact that women of different ranks only differ by mere outward style and manner, - which can be easily acquired with a little care, patience, and amour .propre. ;Take a duchess, a banker's wife, a workwoman, a mere peasant. . The odds are you will find them all equally credulous. ' Theylire all'-equally, .frightened' at bogies, Vitches, and.ghosts ; they are all equally i j " afraid in the dark y they all equally show the same readiness to fall a prey to the wiles of somnambulists and spiritrappers. : They will equally prefer the advice of a homceopatliist to that of a regiilar doctor; and place implicit faith in miracles; pilgrimages, relics, and so forth. Indeed, if there be a difference : between the grande dame and the' waiting-woman ; who combs her hair, we think the balance is often in favor' of the latter. . . "V- Now, as tliere is no doubt that naturally women are quite sis intellectual as men at the outset of life, we must' infer that .the evil Tests in their* education. ? That' education is pernicious in every way. • From a social point of view, nothing lias been so powerful a; hindrance to the; preseiv vation of the internal peace of France : for the last sixty years as the influence of Fiench women. On trying occasions they are heroic."' .The. courage with . which they bore privations during the siege of Paris can never "be forgotten bot those privations once over their heroism ceased. " Always impassioned, the women have ever been; the ;advo-' cates—and powerful advocates-—of political mistakes. By turns they are all for rash generosity or insane reaction. When a civil war has broken out, when a revolution has frightened them,, no repression is too severe, no vengeance too:•; cruel;. in their eyes.' Standard. . Ki-.W-i-' : ? 