CHRISTMAS TIDE. Beautiful indeed are all thefeataloccasionB ?of the year, BabdiTidingtLmeby their regular recurrence, and diversifying the dream «* human life as it RUdea away between earth and heaven. They are like ancient churches, Which we nwetas we pass alonp upon our mortal journey, green with the ivy of centuries, Banctified with the prayers of ? ^... »A hi fnr tfiA o.lustored generations, praauuo ??« ?*= — * — - memories of ages which aw around them, and sacred for the softening and purifying influence which the light of their fictured windows Seems to carry with it to the soul fc Amengetall these hallowed festivals there is *' whm, however, so welcome to the heart as the happy, holy season of Christmas. It is essentially the feas of ' other days,' and one which brings before us the tenderest aud brightest recoUectioDS, images fairer and dearer far than the realities still visible; the one which awakens those echoes of the past that at other aaniversaiies are silent as the dead Then it is above all other timas that we letravel the windings and wars derings that our feet have trodden since the remotest hour a1 which memory pauses, baffled as she vainly tries to penetrate the impervious darkness that shronds the few first for-ever-f orgotten years of our wondeif ul existence. Then it ia that we gather agaua, ia imagination, the primroMS that gave form to our first childish emotions of beauty ; tten we dash again with bounding heert amongst the playmates of our boyhood; and live once more the brilli ant, stormy days ef yonth. It brings back t j us for a moment the innumerable array of visionary thoaph's that keep deploying as if Irom one eternity to another, now ih dark and sullen masses, now in long and dazzling lires, brightened as if with spear-points and standards ; cow accompanied with music warlike and .tempestuous, now with \- flutes and soft recorders,' not breathing paeans of victory, but bymns of peace. Then ► it is that the phantasmagoria ef bygone life m dance upon tbe shadowy wall before us, and the mind is thronged with ' thoughts that, like phantoms, trackless come and go.'' Memory steals to our side, bearing in her hand the prism of imagination, through which wi look into the long vistas behind us, peepled with tLe old familiar forms, which we cherish the more fondly that we may never see them more; for thea it is. That b* e give* u* back the d^ad, K'ca in tbe lovei st lo ks they were. On that day the mother thinks of her children scattered through the world, and the deepest emotions of her heart are stirred: and many a one that has sought a home in other lands, and is fain to own them a more prosperous abode, longs to be once more imongst tbe merry groups in his childhooa s home. That childhood's heme 1— how rtnngs, like a glove in spring, with the din of crea tures blither than all the birds in the world ! How bright the holly bough looks dowa upon their happiness 1 How cheerily burns the ynle log, like an altar-forge where huks of affections are welded, never to be broken 1 What a thrill the pleasant song sends through these innocent hearts ! What kindliness beams in the eyes of all, as they seem gathered together round the holy well of love which springs ap at Christmas time in the arid desertfl of life I There, beside that home, is is the old churchyard where weoftep. cHmbed to reach the itarliag's and the martin's nest; thete lie the loved and venerated, for whom, k ' even now that so many years have passed. L. we feel in this hushed and solemn hour as if ^ itwereimpietj «o utterly to have ceased ^B to weep for— «- seldom to twnember. To how many a reader of th-s will these remembrance! recur? — remembrances of old lands anil old times — remembrances of a Christmas that Australia can never know ? the days are dim in these old, beloved scenes, the Bights hold long and dreary sway, the wifedowsare fretted with arabesques of frost, the wind is moaning with melancholy eonnd, the plainB are covered with a snowy mantle, and the woods are wreathed with- Parian white.. Everything around recalls to us the thousand associations which are attached inseparably to the season in our minds. But here, in Australia, all this is changed. Coming, as it does, in one of the brightest months of our burning summer, and tppeal ling by none of its natural surroundings to any of the sympathies which are linked with the traditional Christmas of our affections, it is impossible that this festival could be celebrated in a similar manner. Some sturdy sticklers for antiquity may, it is trae, attempt to copy, even here the old domestic reunions which were wont, to mark the season in their earlier years ; but who will say that a dinner in tbe shadiest room to which the breezes are courted through open lattice, is anything like the groaning board made ruddy with the slow of a blazing hearth f Ne ; with us Christ mas is and must ever be, a day of al fresco enjoyments. We cannot, even if we would, transplant to our shores the old holiday, as tbe Pilgrim Fathens did. Nature woos us abroad with her sunniest smile, and we cannot refuse to fly isto her arms. Picnics, and not dinner parties, and the socia! gatherings of an Australian Christmas ;and the warm dining-room ef our youth is exchanged for the cool nook beneath the trees, or the pleasant waters of the rivers or the bays. Green banks, gay dresses and plashing oars— these are more associated with Christmas as it exists for us than even the holly berry aud the mistletoe which are twined around its memoiy in our hearts. If to think of the Bible narrative find of the beautiful niglit-fceDea tbere brought before us, from the time when the pastoral lay was broken by a voice among tbe stars to the night of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we must feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggestiveBess because it falls at a season when tbe nights are so gloriously beautiful as they are with us. It has been also said that the cold asd dismal aspect which nature wears about Christmas- time at home, gives an additional zest to the home pleasures to which Chritsma^ is there so peculiarly devoted. But we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also less of the debasing riot which too often attends highdaya at home. . So that, taken all in all, though we may suffer a little from the heat and dost, aud though we may look rather ferown and oleaginous at our amusements, the ' merry, merry bells of yule '' may ring as appropria tely in our beautiful summer as they ever did in the frosty winter of other climes. After all, even the English Christmas itself has changed, and is almost as different as m Australian one from the jolly royster ing Christmas of former times. To be sure the shops are still gay, the streets are full, and all the journey men of all. tha tailors are put in requisition, the hatter brushes up his hats, the milliner beguiles young ladies out of their coin for ,the winter colors of the Modes du Mois, and the f arrier'u shop has in it a world of comfort. There is sometimes still an odour hauntieg the corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations. Spiced gingerbread is still vauntingly proclaimed, and managers of theatres and pastrycooks are ia all their glory. Pantomimes and cakes abound, and onegaudy nigh t succeeds an other, till we almost grow tired of feasting and late hours, and the company of chil dren. Business is but a name, aud drollery is the order of the day. Tragedy rears her gorgeous head jewelled and crowned, and 'sceptred pall comes sweeping by.' Har lequin, too, is welcomed still — that glittering mystery, a thing between fairydom and humanity. Columbine is admired, and Pantaloon applauded; both, it would seem, born lor nothing but to dance and smile for the plearare of enraptured thousands. The play bills still flaunt about, disclosing the secrets of the coming night, and they are aa mysteriously magnificent as ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemen and vaultcrs, brazen shields and fatal masks, fire eaters, jugglers, and quadrupedsof every variety ef shape and of intelligence, White, black, and grey, wi;h all their trein. We may even at times hear the touching carol of the waits as it rises through the silence of the night, and the maiden's eye will still melt at the tale of love asd her hand fling down from her open casement the bright silver piece, the guerdon for the grateful song. The postman, and the charity boys, and a host of others, even yet expect their Christmas boxes. New Year's gifts are exchanged between friends and relations. In Ireland the wren is suspended on St, Stephen's Day from the holly bough, surrounded with all the bravery of ribbons ; guisers go about the street ia Scotland, on New Year's Eve, uttering a wonderful jargon and performing antics of the most extraordi nary kind; and everywhere throughout the British Isles kings and queens abound on that last of Christmas holidays, the gay Twelfth night festival of snow-white con fectionary, of cakes and beans. All this, it is true, we have still ; but where now is the ' right»hearted rwelry of ancient days ?' Where uow is the manchet, tmd wastel-bread, and peacock-pie of by gone banqueting 1 Where are the slaughtered beeves, the^broached wine-casks, the huge barrels of nutbrowa ale? Where are the embroidered-coated heralds and the 6cariet-coated pursuivants, the wAnderincr toiehts and toil worn pilgrims? Where are the holy brethren, with sacks and wallets, gathering largesse? Where is the troubadour on his palfrey rich with spangled housings ? Where is now the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason, the Boy Bishop, and the Master of Merry Disports ? Where are the hobby horses, the dryads, the Irish dresses, the buckram jerkins, and the drunken masque? Where is Ptdaphilos, Prince of Sophie, and the ' most mag nificent and renowned Thomas, Prince of Alba Fortunata?' Where are the brawn and mustard that were eaten, and malmsey wine that was so freely drunk in those old carousals ? Where are Sir Handle Backabite, Sir Morgan Mumchance, Sir Francis Flatterer? Where is parsed the glory and the d-eam ? So much, in fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has said : — Gone are all thoss golden days ef ;ore; When Christimas was a high day ; Its ports we now ahJl see no more; ' 11b turret inte &ood; Friday. We know sot if even Shakespere's des cription of the Night would hold good at present, when he tells us that. Ever 'gainst that srason comes ti herewith our Saviour's birth is celebrated ; The bird of dawning auigeth aU night long, And th 'B they fay no ppirit can walk abroad ; The nights an wholeFome thea ; co planets strike. No f ory takes, nor wi ci ha- pswrr to charm. 8a hallowed and so graciou* is the time. If Christmas has been changed so soch at home, it is not strange that it shaold assume a different form in a dime wbera al aioet everything ia completely zevereai. Set is this even o be regretted. We must have a Christmas of our own — an Australian equivalent for the Wiafcry anniversary of our ascestors, wreathed with summer flowers, -and surrounded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It is with this idea that we present the public of these colonies, with this sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live, and of the scenes by which they are surrounded. We anticipate, therefore a hearty wel come for the few native flower £ which we have gathered here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another land. There are, however, many old nsa.es connected with Christmas which are as jWell suited to our new home as te our old one, and happily they are the best — tha only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, and next only to the charity of Christmas, are the delights of social and do mestic intercourse, which its gsnialspirittends so abundantly to promote. In these gather ings Christmas seems to demand almost as a r'ght his tribute of tale?, and songs, and jokes, and riddles. We cannot refuse it. It is the inspiration of the season, and it will »eize us quite as powerfully by the 6ide cf the riououa Yarra as in the comfortable home at filoomsbury or th3 West End. In the old days we natarally delighted in the old tales. Then it was that our literary horizon was peopled with dragons, lit up with fiery chariots, and beautified with magical rain bows. Then did Blue Beard sweep fiercely by— astern image of mysterious aud .fero cieua pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk — with all the parade of camels and slaves a&d; waving banners in his train. Then did we penetrate the high and tangled woods, in which the Sleeping Beauty lies concealed ; and we accompanied poor little Bed Biding Hood through the green lanes, wistfully peeping &t; the ?' cheese cakes' and ''the pat of butter' as we went along; Then, too, did we love to stray in the realm of Oberon, in whose crown the jewels are dew drops from the pearliest rose— that world in which a harebell is a palace, a primrose a hall, an anemone a cup, and a daisy a shieling. How we longed to be possessors of that butt of dew which, in the form of a hazel nut filled with the tears of morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of our earth who, by the music of his lyre, shall lay all the pipes of the Silent People mute, and charm the tiny emperor asleep on his Titania'a boBom beneath the uncoascious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland 1 With what mysterous awe we saw those snrightly elves riding in long and beautiful arrays by the light of the moon,or sittingin seven circles in the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking nectar out of cups of silver and gold no bigger than the dew-cup flowers. How their wild unearthly eyes, all of one bright sparkling hue, tarned upon us at the same moment, and how their undistinguished whisperings sounded fearfully in our ears ! Then, too, was it our delight to listea to the wild legends of witch and warlock, in which we were borne awaj to the blasted heath to hear the gibbering of Paddack and Gray-, malkin. 'The air hath babbles as the water hath, and these are of them.' What a ghastly atmosphere eaveloped these weird aisters^ — these illomened beldames I What a hellish spirit seemed to breathe through their skinny lips] What a fierce compression of their choppy fingers, ae they uttered their ealemn prophecy— half bension half malison foreboding voices that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men's names in ' antres vast and deserts wildl' More frightful still, and perhaps more fascinatingly ^rvaiful were the ghost storiee, which made tha hair to bristle and the heart to qaake. The stories are all, no deubt, as old as the hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were none the worse for their want of originality. We little imagined then that the jokes at which we laughed so heartily are in Hieroolee, and that he again is but a revival of the jesters of the East. It is the same in everything. Punch, who castigates Judy fer the benefit of the street audiences is the Arlechinp of Italy — the descendant of the Fescenniaes — the regular representatives of the drolls of the golden age. The very cantripes of our witches, their hell broth and cauldron are all in Apnleius, who is himself but an echo of times much older, a dim shadower- forth of mysteries by himself not understood. Ghosts have flourished in all their glory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition to their terrors. There is nothing ia the castle of Ofcranto — nothing in the mysteries of Udolpho, we mean nothing of incident, that the world has not heard before. The White Lady of Avenel, piercing the centre of the earth, and singing her wondrous songs, is to be found in many a fabling saga. Here again it is true that 'there is nothing new under the sun.' But little we cared for that as long as we were amused or interested, or even tolerably well terrified. Christmas was the time for joke, and song, and story ; they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest recollec tions that we have. We need say no more. Bless you, my gentle masters and mis cresses all 1 May mirth and happiness be with you. We pledge you in a cup of brightest Australian wine ! — Wassail to you and yinis and all ! All health 1 