OXJB CONSECRATION AS PRIESTS UNTO GOD. "Bx Du., AV. P. MÁCKAV. LEVITICUS VIII. ipmètimeswe caa understand a building bettor if ' we see the plans. In a large building with many rooms, corridors, and recesses, we are apt to. get confused, and C'ib'is very convenient to get the plans and study them, when we can see our way about the house itself better \- tthan before. Now, that is juat why we go back to tho Book of Leviticus, in-order that we may get the plana of the New Testament, and see the plans upon which Í its doctrines are roared. TUB ABSURDITY OF RITUALISM. kouce the absurdity of those who go'back to copy the Old Testament ritual. It is just as if you had en- gaged a contractor to build a house for you, and when the day comes for him to give you the keys, ho presents you with a nice bundle of plans,and says, "There's the * house." That is absurd ! Well, so it is with those who go back to the ol d ri tual. Now we have the house, and although wo look at the plans it is simply that we may understand the house better, and not that we may copy them. Thus it is that on the details of the Testament teachings, we get many precious lessons from Leviticus. i\\.The subject which has been intimated'for to-night is, PRIESTS UNTO GOD} .' ¡hut I dare not, in the few minutes at my disposal, at- tempt to enter upon this vast subject; I oan scarcely !' even'deal with one department of it ; but I will try to call your attention to a few thoughts upon the conse- cration of priests, as shown in the types of tho 8th * chapter of Leviticus. i; "> We all kuow well that Christ is the great High Priest of the Bible. He is spoken of as such specially in the Bjok of Hebrews- that Book of which we are not told who was the writer. Theologians are divided as to who wrote it-some say Paul and some Apollos, but we have no key to the human hand that was used to write it. It begins as no other Epistle does-" God, who at sundry," &c.; It is from Himself ; and the child of God who reads it is led in the third chapter to consider Jesus Christ as hîB Apostle and High Priest. Only in the Epistle to the Hebrews ia He called the Apostle The Apostle, not only coming from God to man, but also now appearing in the presence of God forman. Now, it is generally allowed that we are Christ's re- presentatives on earth j we appear before men as wit- nesses for God. The converse of this is also true, and we, RB priests, appear before God for man. We aro priests unto God, and through the grace of Jesus Christ . we have tho power of intercession. We stand as ministers and officiating priests before Him, offering sacrifices daily unto His name. Sacrifices have never ceased. We «re offering them day by day before the throne of grace. And it is just because we have left this great truth ont of sight that spurious sacrifices are so continually offered. We ought to be offering THE SACBIFICB OF PEAISB CONTINUALLY. I fear we have in these days too little thankfulness to His name ; and I was glad when, in the ciroular an- nouncing the week of prayer, I found that the first day was devoted to praise. On that day from thia earth \- there was ascending a mighty sacrifice of praise-in- cense to His name. Thus we have been offering sacri- fices as priests. Now ALL BELIEVERS ARB PRIESTS UNTO GOD. Ho hath made us kings and priests unto God ; we are made nigh by the blood, brought into the Holy of Holies, tho vail rent, and therefore no vail between. Thus we are ia the brightest Shekinah of the glory of God ; and this, remember, is not the privilege of a few Christians, but of all who aro in Christ. It is our normal place. "We are not merely out of Egypt by faith in Ohriat'; »ot merely through the desert by faith in Him : not merely into Canaan by faith j not merely entered into the holy place by faith ; but into the holy place without . a vail between. That is the place of all who are in Ohri«t ; through Him who has entered by His own blood into the heavens, there to appear in the presence f God for us. .Thus, when wo read of Aaron, we have a type of Christ as the gr^at High Priest ; when we rtnd of Moses, we have a type oj? Christ as the Great Prophet ; and, when together with these we have the elders spoken of, wo have a type of Christ as our King. So, in Leviticus, we have Christ shown forth as Prophet, Priest, and King. And thus, in the eighth chapter, we have tho manifestation of Christ Himself, and of the provision He has made for u^, I cannot go into this wondeful chapter in detail, but to you who study your Bibles, I will give a few hints, «¡hat you may find out these precious truths for your \- solvec PttBt, then, we have hero AABON AB REPRESENTING TUB GREAT HIGH PRIEST. ,i*a the first thirteen versos of the chapter we have th" consecration spoken of; but, when we come to the tqurtoenth verse, we find there is a sin- offering. This refers to our priesthood. Before there can bo conse- cration we have two most important sacrifices to be offered. First the sin-offering, and then the burnt offering for a sweet savour. That is a lesson to any« otte-who may be here wishing to do anything for the lord, to conseorate his time, his talents, his money, or his service to the Lord. Till he come to the cross there can be no consecration. Whatever ho may do it is but dead works. Ho may even give his body *o the flambs, m tho hope that there will arise to God the incense of a Bweet savour. But, no, no ! till there be the BÍuofi>r 'Agi there can bo no consecration. THE PLACE OP TUB SIN-OFFERING. And, remember, the place of the sin-offering ia far away-outside the {camp. A man may como offering his money j but no, it cannot be accepted uutil ho has « t»? Plaoe as a poor sinner-outside tho camp. What," he says, " must I go away beyond the tribe of uan?» Yes, youtmiBt go past their camv-they are hearest the place of sin-offering. The publicans and BianerB are nenrest it, and it is easiest for them to take Weir proper place. It is hard for the self-righteous to . 6° there ; but uutil they have been there their service this10' b° aocePtable to Him. We must bo clear about j Have we gone, ia the consolousaoBS of our own guilt, outside the camp, and there seen our guilt placed upon Chrât, and learned. that we, as sinners, aro saved through, His blood ?" If you have not been there, then tho sooner you go tho bettor. " Behold, now is the ac- cepted time ; behold, now is the day of salvation." Cain tried to leap through all these barriers, and to be a worshipper at once. He came with the beautiful fruits of the earth ere ho brought the blood ; but to his offering God had not respect. So with you, if you have not been to the sin-oif ering your sacrifice is in vain. But now, after the sin-offering, where the victim is identified with the sin of the offerer, we have Tiffi BURNT-OFFERING FOR A SWEET SMELLING SAVOUR. And thus we find Christ offered Himself for our sins, and also for a sweet smelling savoiuv-an offering with- out spot or blemish. And we have all the virtue of the glorious fulness of Christ. All that He is,'I am. All His goodness is put to my account. Just as I am identi- fied with Him in death, so in resurrection ; and thus I am not only absolved from guilt, bub also accepted in the Beloved. Not only are our sins put away, but we are in the risen One standing in Him. And thus God can smile upon us without compromis- ing His glory. He cannot puc the consecrating oil upon an uncleauaed or unworthy sinner ; but iu Christ I am worthy-worthy in Him alone. All His work is min«î and thus standing in Him, I am of the blood-royal of heaven-" accepted in tho Beloved," 'conaplete in Him." And now, after-all this, God comes down with the cousecratiug oil and blood. . ; i Now, then, we can pass on, tho sin and burnt offering being past, to ? ? THE CONSECRATION OF PRIESTS. From the twenty-second verse to the close of the chap- ter, as also the few closing verses of the following chapter, will be found profitable reading on this subject. We have three thoughts about consecration here, First, we have the blood (the blood first), and the oil of consecration ; second, the basket of consecration ; and, third, the place of consecration. We sometimes hear about Christians consecrating themselves to the Lord. Well, this is righfc enough ir a modified sense. But I believe in scriptural expres- sions, such aB, " Yield yoursplves unto God, as thost that are alive from the dead, and your members as in- struments of righteousness unto God." In these Old and New Testament words, the greaï work of consecration is kept in the Lord's hand. H< alone can consecrate us, if the consecration is to bi valid. In His consecration I find power and Btrengbh It is not the meeting of a few friends and others, wh< say, " I will consecrate myself to the Lord," where tru< consecration is to be found ; but it is when tho Lord by His Spirit, comes and shines into my soul aud says " You are CONSECRATED ALREADY -the blood is upon you, the oil is upon you ; ye airé not your own, ye are bought with a price." Then we are consecrated. God has made us'kings and priests to Him and has consecrated us to Himself. It is that alone which makes us rise to thefull dignity of our priest- hood, and dare to bear testimony for God before our fellowmen. It would be no use for me to say that I can take upon me the duties of the Home Minister, and to go to the Home Office and say I will put everything right. "Why, stop till you are put into the Home Office, and thea try to do your best. It is when a man is put into a certain office, that he rises up, or ought to rise up, saying, " I will do the duties of that office properly." And so here ; it is nob I who consecrate myself to the Lord, bub it is He who has taken mo from the " miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, aud established my goings." And not only so, He has made me his witness upon earth. "I am not my own, I am bought with a price," There is just now too much of we ! we ! We do this "rthat*, we consecrate ourselves. Let us get rid of this doing, and remember that it is not we, but it is the Lord. Through Christ " we are accepted in the Be- loved," and the oil and the blood has been put upon me. by God Himself. PROGRESSIVE SANCTIFICATON. This consecration is not to be confounded with moral progressive sanctification, which is so necessary tous all. That goes on day by day, and week by week, in calm, steady continuance in well-doing. But this consecra- tion is done by Himself once for all. . Of His own will He has consecrated us, once for all to Himself. From the very day of our separation to him, on the day when we first came to Him ami had our sins pub away, aud were made priests unto Him, we have been consecrated to tho Lcrd." Oh, how mauy of us have been groping about. when that thought should have raised us from the earth. We have been living as earth-born iusbead of heaven born men. It is even as if we had been in heaven, and sent back to earth to be witnesses for Him. The cross of Christ has taken us out of the world, and by His re- surrection we have been sent back to the earth to testify fnr TTim. It is, then, for you, fellow priests unto God-for all God's children are priests-kV is for you to forget the thingBthatare behind, to let them pass and now to etart as heaven-born priests. Let us rise and take our posi- tion and standing as priests unto God ; to pee the blood upon my ear, and therefore I listen to no communica- tion thnt is not in accordance with the Word ; to see the blood upon my hand, and therefore I touch nothing that is not for the dory of God ; to see tho blood upon my feet, and therefore I will go nowhere, and mix with no society, where I cannot testify for Him. Thus have we the " beauty of holiness." CONSECRATED "WITH THE BLOOD AND TUB OIL. We might well tremble if we found that consecration was only by tho blood. For, whilo blood Btands for atonement, it has also a deeper meaning. What does it stand for here ? It signifies that we are wholly H's, that we are bought. It is the measure of our consecra- tion One "nan may be much exorcised aa to how much he shall give to the Lord. Shall it be a tenth ? even UH the godly Jew gave a tenth to the Lord. Or shall it be nine-tenths, or this or that amount ? Oh, friends, this settles all Ye are not your own." And though we have not yet resisted unto blood, nor are we called upon at the present day. yet we aro wholly His-life, trea- , sure, all I have and all I am, belong to Him, aud not ! a part only. The whole of our being, right on to death Bpi rit, Eoul, and body, right to the end of lifo, bolong to God. THE CONSECRATING OIL. That is what we are called to as priests unto God. And this is tho reason the oil is put upon us, The oil signifies tho Spirit which is given us, that we may fol- low Christ in HÍB utter abandonment of self, and HÍB full devotion of service for life md for death. Conse- crated with the oil, the whole of our life must be utter and entire unselfishness-continually imitating Christ, not only simply doing our duty, but following Him who gave* Himself for us. Let us be feeding upon the will of the Lord, and re- signing ourselves entirely to His will. Let us seek to know His will,-"Lord, what wouldst thou have mo to do ?" Month by month, and year by year, let us «eek to know His will, and His alone. This is feeding from the basket of consecration. THE FLACK OF CONSECRATION. Lastly, we are.to abide at the door of the tabernacle, and keep the charge of the Lord. We are here as His witnesses, keeping His charge. He Himself said, " For I their sakes I sanctify Myself, that they, also might bo sanctified through the truth." Christ was separated from all His glory and possessions, while on ' earth, 'in order that He might have us waiting for Him 'when*He comes. .USO--»'. These, then, aro tho days of consecration. "We are pasting along surely to the end: "Wo know not the hour, but we know that we are a year nearer the glory than when we met, a year ago, in this place. .Eighteen centuries ago, He said, M Behold, I como quickly ;" and yet here we areîwàiting still. What have we to do whilst waiting ? What is our placo ? Keep- ing the charge of the Lord. "What I say unto you, I say unto all, Watob." Why ? Beoause we " know not the hour when the Son of Mau cometh." Let us keep His command-abiding His . will-waiting for His presence. It is thus that we shall fulfil tho days of consecration. . # What, then, have we been doing ? Alas, alas, none of us have risen to this glorious privilege ! He has told us to keep His commands. ? Hi« -last «oinmand was, " Go ye, therefore, a«d teaoh all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and pf tho.Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching thom td observe all things what- soever I have commanded you. And, lo, lam with you alway, even unto the end of the ^orld." That was His last command, and yet a hundred years have scarcely elapsed since Christians- began to think that the heathen should be looked after at-all, or told tho story of the cross ! Audjat this mbmeht¿ more than ' "'. ; - .;? HAÏ.F THHS OXOBB HAS NEVER HTBARÏ) ' OK HIS-NAME. . Yet we, who are priests unto God, and pledged to do His will, and keep the charge of the Lord, stay at home at ease, and keep our monoy in our pockets when de- mands are made for the help of thoso who have gone. Is this carrying out His"will ? which is beautifully ex- pressed ia tbe hyam " Send the blessed tidings all tho world round ; Spread the joyful news wherever man is found, Whosoever will may come." This is what we are consecrated for. Shall we hot, then, rise up as those "who are waiting for the full manifestation of His. glory? Let us bo waiting at His door, looking for the time when all shall fall on their faces before Him. BRETHREN, TILE BAYS ARB PEW. Soon shall He come whose right it is to reign ; and then, amid brighter glories than ever man in his wildest dreams thought of, we shall seo Him in the glory, and shall be hailed with, " Well done, good aud faithful ser- vant." Not for the success we have met with, but that we have beeu keeping his charge. .' Many are at home in quiet corners, who ought to bo out to every place under the Bun, spreading His name. Oh, brethren, we are priests ! We, who have come to Ohrist as the sin-offering, -who have known Him aa the burnt-offering of a sweet-smelling savour, who have had the blood and the oil u pon us, the charge of the Lord is upon us to keep His commands, and the provision for our need is there. Oh, let us be steadfast, immoveable, always abounding in every good work, abiding at the door of the tabernacle, " For He that Bhall come will come, and will not tarry." And remember, that in the day of the full blaze of the manifested glory of the Lord if a regret were possible amidst that glory, it will be that we have done so little to " keep the charge,of the ; Lord.»_? ^ . - - ? ' ; 