HUMOUK t>F THE NEW TOEK TIMES. (From the Melbourne Argus J THE New York Times is never frolicsome, though. (iften facetious, and its humour is almost invariably -gT'oi^iriid saturnine. It seems to 'say, " you may laugh as much as yuu please at my solemn drollery ; .but you will never see the. ghost of a smile flicker over my impassive countenance.'' The Times having received a letter from a newspaper correspondent named Richardson, who was reported to have been shot dead by the Indians, claiming to be still alive and well, devotes a leading article to prove that he must be considered to be defunct, inasmuch as "if he is to be quietly permitted to pass himself off as a live man, ths public hereafter will have no security that anybody is thoroughly dead." Mr. Sichardson, it wasstated in an Associated Press telegram; had been riddled by twenty bullets and then scalped. Mr. Marsh, with other prominent citizens of Deadwood> buried the " remains," and there the matter -ought to have ended: Instead of which the irrepreBsible Uichardson turns: up again, and will insist upon foisting himself upon the communitj as a live American ! Naturally enough the Times protests. "The unfortunate man," it observes, "bad nothing to complain. of in connexion - with the obituaries which the newspapers published immediately upnn receiTini{ the news of his dealh; It being cerimn that he wag not. only dead but: buried, he was i.trnissbi-way credited with the abundant virtues KM.) exirwrilinnry genius to whioh every dead journxli-t is unruled nt tne hands ot the. writers :of lud otiiiu.irv: Hundreds of men who had. nevnr bfh-HrJ.hiH name promptly sut down nnd wrote of his inndetrv, bravery, and unique luwary skill in a sM le tb^t would hnve euili-fi=d ihti most coaceiled an I ^xAutinu corpse. And yet Mr. Richirdaon, wiih H luiik nt d'lic^cy whioh is us conspicuous as his d*>fiincu 'of .eslrtblished fucts, rttiliberatnly ppnrns thi'Hn i-poiitarieiiu^ tnbuii^s of misplnceJ esleem, und boldly < lmni lbat be ia noi dead. - It is pne.sible that .his letter m^y .impose upon ihoiiirhtleja poople-bv • the sheBr {nrc* of its .-mpudenCH. Tbi slubtfiit examination, however,shows that it is fatally weak. Jn eapporl uf the;lad that he ia deiid, we h»vo the teiti'Tiony-of ibe men who found-and bmi*d. hi*- hody, whmb leHtimnqy id still further fortified by their possession of Mr. Riohnrdsoi^a memorandumbook', .found-in the corpse's inside 'breast-pocket. 'We have also (he testimony of the telegreph-oparittor at Fort Liramip, and of the whole press of the coantry, which without a / siogle exception chronicled his: death;nod mourned his loss - .In contradiction of this mass of-: conclusive evidenoef : what does' Mr. Richardson giva:ns? Simply his- bare, unsupported denial. He must-have a curious estimate of the reasoning powers of. ,his fellow-countrymen^ if he expects them to believa his mere word against the united'testimony of Mr. John Mnrsh and other pro- : minent citizens.: of :Daadw.ood, of the- telegraph-: operator at'Fort Liramie, and. of ,every newspaper in the Uoited States. If Air. Richardson^, is really alive, it rests upon him to explain where he procured a spade with which to exhume himself after his boTml. Until he prudacos tb»t *p»de, together with the man who sold it. to him,. he cannot .convince thinking men that he is not still in his grave. He; must also explain how be stopped up Ibe twenty 'bullet-holes whioh were found in his body, and how he-tot: Ins bair back again; Probably he r.wonld assert that he-pursued and overcame:the-Indian.who had EO»lped him, and tbus recaptured his hair. We must have olher^toBtimony than bis own before .ba-; having so intrinsically improbable a story;'* This, it must be acknowledged, is " excellent foolingi".-and the unwavering gravity with which the: argument against : Mr. "Richardson'js. existence is sustained is not unworthy of the great roaster of irony, who ci'iit«nded—in opposition to Partridge's persev/iring asseverattnns that he had not died upon the-day which Swift', predicted as the date of his demise—that he was so great a lmr.it was impossiblyto receive his testimony uponoath. ' :B»t the New York Times will occasionally v condescend to pDiyful banter, and<it is never so happy as whan chaffing, popular preaohers, or making merry over the perfoimanoes^ of spiritist mediums: 1 Thus, -- in'collecting and arranging some information in one of its leading"artialesj for the guidanoa find inatructiqa of amatsur gboat*eatdhar»i U fedul^'in-tjie^ollowihg Jplea^.ntrjr- con - flern'1njr ol)e 0f ^he .number ; ' {h;n , Mr;i~Hnll/5n inJurtrio« r «tiMwh«a ai,r».«r»«oJ «1iniits In Tin lionw in jPartltnJ. JThe snpsrior^r «'-^|"^ «'' | fl^l«^ly-^^ •»*"> ,t ' nfJhB tr»an>oiu»l tunnfii ^ T00m WOnW pro-lnm fho-ti of »11 «izM »nd of »ny deiired -»er in unlimired qnsntitiei - iHer. mtle «hoit» wore oof.p«rli*p».«» l»r*» *• those.proJnoed b y„ tbe Brother. T>nt they w«« plamp and ^ S T o ^ •ba oxhibit«a. onlv' one «ho't «t »_tim«—_for sghort« •re well-known fo b» nnsooinl, and.to blijnnt in tbs most JbcMriI jginnitr to tnaf«rialt«ing in cqasdw, or evon in «oap1«s. and then • wlokefl aoeptio io>i>t«d Mrs: Hnll parsonntnd »nd one of hor »ho»ts. bnt rncantly «he,»dopted the plan ol permittinc tbe hem of-bur skirt Jo project pnder the eds« of the curtain behind which she est while professionally employed;" snd .•thue-..oonvinoed- lh» pahlie that aha eonld not be playing tbe part of a Xhoat on the-platform while ber ekirt remained bebind tbe onrtein." . - But Mrs. Hall was captared by a coaple of unbelieving doctors, and this, leads the Times to consider the whole question of ghost-catohing with a view to reduce it to a seienoe, like angling, believing that they: might be taken with the bare hand provided they were: previously. tamed by a. plentiful supply of ground-bait composed of flattery and professed credulity. "It i« also probable," observes the Times, " that •hosts may be taken with a fl^ made in the shape of « new bonnet, Mid deftly thrown immediately in front of the ghost, or in the ireiijhbonrhood of- the cahino'. in which the ghosts are known to lnrk. However the soort is vet in lfe infancy, and it would be uTisafB to d«cidfl nbsolntely in favor either of the trnllinE-linn or tbe fly- Thnt it is wholesome and d<>li*htful ppnrl. in wh»tev«r way it may be pr*ctis»d, Ihsre ia no doubt- and ns-tha ghost season is just bpjsinninz, we ebnll enon bear from nil parts of ibe cnnniry of Ihe expt'ir". of mngmflopnt single ghosts 8nl of fine messes of smaller hut no less desirable spunks." • It jfives . one a : novel impression of the Amerioan character to find that in the midst ef the tumultuous excitement of the presidential campaign, the .leading: journals ot New: York are oapable of such deUssements as the above, and that they find acceptance .with the ireneral pn'dio. 