THE CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronounces by the Westminster lievicw to be unquestionably the finest American poem ever written — Wi^ila the sober realm of leaflets trees, The nifiset year inhaled the dreamy air; Jjilie some tanned reaper, iu his hour of ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare. The gi-ay bams, looking from their hazy hills, O 'er the dun waters widening it\te vales, Sent tlown the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, Tlie hills seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed H is winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, - The banner bright with every inartial hue, , Now stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawal afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; The dove scarce heard his sigliing mate's complaint; And like a star, slow drowning in the light, The villnge church vane seemed to p:;! . and faint. The sentinel cock up in tlie hillside crew— Crew tlu-ice—and all was stiller th:ui before ; Silent, tifj some replying warden blew His alien horn, and then was heard no mom Where erst the jay, within ths elm's tall crest, M :ide garrulous trouble round her un • fiod<rcd young ; And when the oriole swung Iter swayitis nest, By every light wind like a censer swuny. When sung the noisy martins iu the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near— l'orebodmg. as the rustic mind believes. All early hnrrast and a plenteous ye n-. When; every bird that wnied the ver.jul feast Shook tlie sweet slumber fi-oin its wiup: at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy East— And now was sunless, empty, anil for lorn. Alone-, from out the stubble, jiijied tli,- quail. And ci-oakeil the crow- through all the drtniy gloom ; A lone the jiliKtsaur, ilruuuuuig .in the v.,le. Made echo in the distance to thecotteg,- . loom. There was no bud. no bloom upon the bowers, Tlie spiders moved their thin shrouds uiL'lu by ui'jhi.:. The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers. Sailed slowly by—passed noiseless oiu. out of sight. Ainid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the jiorcli Its eninson leaves, as if the year stood there, Wring the floor with its inverted torch ; Aninl all tlue, tin; centre < f (! o fC.uR>, The white-haired matron,' with monotonous tread, 1'liud the swift wheel, and with her joyous mien Sat like fate and watched the living thread. She hail known sorrow, He had walked with her : Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And iu the dead leaves she still heard the stiv Of his thick mantle tilling in the dust. While yet her cheek was Viright with sum mer bloom, Her country summoned and she gaw her all And twice War bowed ui her his sable phmie— . Ue-gave the sword to hang upon the Willi, • l!<:-g!ivo (he swonl, but not. the hand that drew, And struck for liberty the dying blow -. Kor him who, to bis sire aiv' oountiy true. 1-Y-H mid the ranks uf the invading !<«'. foil", but not hnid. the droning went on, J.,ik« tliat low nuu-innrof a luveatiioon : Jjiiiir. nut not loud, the memory of'thesjoin; Uiuiulied tltiougli her lijs a sad and tr<.-!uu!ous 1-aie. At lust the thread wjis sniqiped, liet- ficad wus bowed ; Life dmppod the distaff through her hands Korw;e ; Ami loving neighbours smoulhcxi her careful shroud, While death and winter closed tlie nutuuin scene. • B. Read. 