ITHOLIC INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA.. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. FATHEB O'MALLEY'S SERMON ON THE FEAST OF ST. PATRICK. (Continued.) It IB convenient; to talk of Irish disunion, without noticing its cause or its nature. If time permitted, this would prove an interesting question to discuss. But supposing for an instant as true, that Irishmen are disunited when there iB question of temporal matters, there arises the following powerful argument for their union in spiritual ones. Greece is not quite two- thirds of the size of Ireland. Within the small space of 20,000 miles, it contained formerly a prodigious number of small nations, which, on a small scale, were perpetually striving to do what larger ones now attempt on a larger one: to oppress their neighbours when they thought themselves strong enough te do so. At length a man arose, of iron will, and totally unburdened by that inconvenient thing called conscience. He was rapidly absorbing the little states, and cementing them into one powerful kingdom, when his career was closed by the hand of an assassin. He was succeeded by the famous Alexander the Great, who completed the work he had begun, and welded Greece and Persia into a powerful kingdom. The bond of union was his clear head and un&crupu; IOUB will. He died; the bond was broken; the kingdom dropped asunder. Let us turn to Ireland. It was full of little nations, just like Greece, and France, and England. After their conversion, ihey remained separate, and their chiefs often plunged them into war, just as the chiefs of larger nations do. But there was one point on which the Irish were thoroughly united—RELIGION, the determination to seek first the KingdomofGod. TJiemomenttheirreligion was assailed, all minor differences were swept away, the English pale became Irish, and the Irish NATION sprang into existence. It was not welded together by a human will, but by the highest and noblest of all possible motives, the LOVE OP GOD. Born in persecution, and drawing its life from such a source, we need not wonder at the amazing steadfastness it has ever displayed, and we may rest assured that the Irish are " truly God's people, children that will not deny." In the Irish race we find one very striking peculiarity: an extraordinary attachment to the head of the clan, and yet the most thorough independence the moment the head manifests the slightest disposition to go astray on the score of religion. It is important to observe how the gift of Faith seems a distinct treasure lodged in every Irish heart, and how a people, who, above all others, might be expected to be influenced by their leaders, think for themselves when there is question of religion. A remarkable instance occurred in the reign of Henry VIII. The English bishops had proved as compliant as the English nobles, and Henry, fancying that the easiest way of introducing the "Reformation" into Ireland was to begin with the English of the pale, Bent over the Lutheran Bishop Browne to bring them from the "strait way " of Popery to the " broad way "of salvation which he had discovered,* and which " many walked " with him. But Bishop Browne aoon learned that the English in Ireland were very differentfromtheEnglish in England and he wrote back to say that not only the clergy, but the "common people," were more zealous in their blindness than the saints and martyrs in truth, in the beginning of the Gospel." Living in contact with the Irish, and breathing the pure, fre Bh air of Irish faith, they had acquired a vigorous spiritual life. Enemies may say, and simpletons may believe, that the intensity of Irish faith arises merely from a blind, unreasoning stupidity, which believes without underderotanding; but anyone who enters into conversation with the poorest peasant who is instructed in his religion, will find that he not only evinces a warm devotion, but that be understands clearly what he professes; and that he expresses himself with a propriety of language not to be looked for. Ask him about the Holy Family, what our Saviour did for us, the injury our sins do. to God, the difference between mortal and venial sin, the nature of our homage to JESUS CflBffiT and to His saints, why we kneel before the crucifix, &c;,, and his answers trill be so clear and consistent, that if ehey.&e; not understood, it must be because while the poor peasant " speaks whathe knows," the questioner's mind in * A. broad enough for * man who married six wives, divorced two. and murdered two, must «vll«nUr lie broad enough fornfboHf. so darkened by prejudice, tha$ ".he rereives not the testimony-" OJbqerv^ also, that if any good has been done.ot is to be done, it is always " with the help of God ;" and if any ill has been endured, " God is always to be praised," This is not pious stupidity, but enlightened Faith. And oh, what a courageous Faith. Elizabeth employed measures so efficacious, that if the facta did not show the contrary, it would seem scarcely conceivable that any nation could preserve its Faith in the face of such' dire persecution. Let us take the two following:— 1\. To root out the religion of JESUS CHRIST from those hearts where it had been already planted, and to substitute for it her own, she imposed fines so heavy that they would surely reduce the victims to beggary or apostasy. A few who " were having many possessions," apostatised ; a great many fled to other lands to serve their God in peace, but the immense majority remained, sank into misery, and «"»••«• died unvuuu faithful to bu their uiair rue- Redeemer.—" Blessed a.re the poor in spirit; J for theirs IB the kingdom of heaveii. I Blessed are they who mourn ; for they shall be consoled. Blessed are they who suffer persecution for justice sake; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when they shall revile you and persecute you, and speak all that is evil against you untruly, for my sake : be glad and rejoice, for your reward is very great in heaven. For so they persecuted the prophets that were before you." (Matt, v.) 2\. To prevent the seed from being sown in the good ground of the Irish heart, the bishops and priests were con-: demned to banishment like malefactors.! " Jezabel was again slaying the prophets." (Kings iii, 18.) "They had trial of mockeries arid stripes, moreover, also ofj bands and prisons. They were stoped; they] were cut asunder ; they were put to death by the sword; they wandered about in sheep-skins, in goat-skins, being in want] distressed and afflicted. . . . warn dering in mountains and in dens and in caves of the earth." (Heb. xi# They fled from Jezabel, but they found in the love of their flocks a rich reward The heads of the clans were gradual^ destroyed, and the Priests took their place, and became heirs to all the affection that had once been lavished upon them. The foes of Ireland affect great commiseration for the " priest-riddeii" people, but such is the unfathomable dulness of the Irish, that they look upon themselves . as no "Protestant-ridden," AAUKJOiAuirullUCll, BUU and cling to their Priests just as if the men who shared their sufferings with them nrafQ were more mnva ttrnwflin worthy of nf their IIiaim love 1/sr.n illnn than hose who inflicted them! The child of this world was veiy wise in her generation, but this is what she has effected. She has consolidated thp IRISH NATION, and she has placed on its brow the wreath of martyrdom. Henry VIII. and Elizabeth bribed the English nobility and persecuted the English bishops into apostasy, and the people followed their leaders. It was much the same in Germany and the other northern nations. In France thousands were Ifed to embrace Calvinism, and thousands returned to the Catholic Church' when the leaders disappeared. It was quite natural for Henry and his worthy daughter to fancy that Irish nature was like human nature elsewhere, and that if die "shepherds were struck down, the flock would be scattered." But men who |ad lived in the island and had learned the religious character of the people understood, that the only way to exterminate the religion was to exterminate the people. And accordingly some proposed it/and some attempted it!—How vainly ! / The "gentle" Spenser writes ill the following business-like manner of the extirpation of a people that had the^great misfortune to be born in their own -land, and who were guilty of the great crime of being faithful to their God. Having seen how well the indiscriminate butchiry of the Irish in Munster (in which he aas taken his part) has succeeded, he proposes to deal with the whole island in the same way, and points out with ^oldblooded cruelty the valuable assistance of cold and famine against those who/n the sword cannot reach! / First he wants " large masses of'troops to tread doum all that stand before them on foot, and lay on the ground! all the stiff-necked people of that land."/ Under popish tyranny they had lived/happy ; under the pure liberty of- the GiJspel and private judgment they were exterminated. Wicked people 1 Next he. advices excellent reasons for continuing the destruction during the winter time. For then rt the trees are bare and naked, which use both to hold and house, the Kerne; the ground is coWand wet, iohich useth to be Ms beddmg ; the air ii sharp and bitter to blow through his naked sides and legges '; the kirie are barren aid' without milk,' which useth to be his food, brides bfeing all with calf (for the most part), they wifi hrough much chasing and driviig ciSt all heir cal^ and lose all their milk, which should relieve him ia the .next summer."* 5"he theory, is so evidently correct as to necomm?nd itself to all practical minds; but he goes on to show that it is not mere tkeory,that it has been already tried in Munater with the most satisfactory results. 1 "For notwithstanding that the same Monster was a most rich and plentiful dountry, full of. corrie and cattle, . . . jet after one yeare and a half they were bought to such wretchedness^ as that my stony heart would have rued the |ame. Out of every corner of woods and Wynnes, they came creeping forthe upon heir hands, for their legges could not teare them ; they looked like anatomies >f death; they spoke like ghosts crying >ut of their graves . . . . that in a ihort space there were none almost left irid a most populous and plentiful luntry suddenly left void of man and Elizabeth availed herself largely of this sound advice, but, unfortunately (or [fortunately—for lurtuuawsiy—iur there mere are two sides 10 to the question^ not with sufficient completeness. The " good Queen " is gone, and the "ghosts " are gone, and the sleek poet is gone, but the old IriBh Faith remains. The Irish are evidently not an intelligent race. They cazinot understand that what was true yesterday could be false to-day ; or that the number of a king's wives, or of a queen's lovers could be a roof of sanctity. Who will venture to compare the nergy which overcomes material obtacles in the pursuit of material interests, r which tramples on all laws, human and ivine, to attain an unholy end, with the oble steadfastness which welcomes death n any form rather than sacrifice ruth t Henry and Elizabeth 1 "These be thy gods, Oh Israel!" But one followed shortly after, who had all the will, and more than the power of Spenser, to exterminate the "stiff-necked people," that was so dull as to imagine, that " LIBEKTT of private judgment," implied at least the liberty of following the dictates of conscience, whereas it implied, in reality, only the liberty of following the dictates of the English pope (or popess) ; of believing, whatever Henry or Elizabeth, or James, or Cromwell might happen to believe, and of changing one's belief as often as they changed theirs. Cromwell brought to Ireland a bible (for show) and a sword (for use). With the two bible U1U1Q he ilo did ULU not 11UL effect much, lllUuIlj QUI but with the sword he drank deep of Irish blood, in battle, and he drank still deeper wheiy^jmj^tle rkJ-Itn was _ over \- _.. and J when f « he hadpfSmrara truce. There is no sadder page in Irish history than that whereon is recorded the unteachable credulity of the Irish in putting faith in foes that have always treated them with the same unvarying duplicity and cruelty. Forty thousand soldiers he compelled to leave Ireland, and then the poor land was at his mercy—Cromwell's mercy. A number of labourers and artificers were retained to work for the victors, and the remainder (half a million) were driven across the Shannon, to be "relieved" by cold and want. Here at last was the grand old race reduced to the very verge of extermination. The 500,000 would die out, and the few retained by the aintly troopers would be absorbed by hem. Misericordias Domini quia non aumus consumpti! Nothing had been forgotten. A law forbade the troopers to marry Irish women unless they could previously convert them. They couldn't, and so they swore that they had succeeded perfectly, trusting that, after marriage, they would be able to make good their word. But it was utterly impossible. They might kill their wives, but they could not convert them. Besides, the Irish women could on no account be induced to learn English, or to let their children learn it. They taught them to prattle their little opish prayers in the dear old language to the great disedification of the sour uritans, who stroked their beards and ooked on in silent dismay, and wondered ow the little things could learn the Irish o fast, while they were BO dull at it. ontroversy was out of the question. etween bad Irish and bad arguments hey had no chance. The women mimicked heir Irish, and laughed at their arguents; and it is to be supposed that, hen they had put them down, they exlained the old Faith to them in such imple, earnest, fervent words that they onverted miany of them. At all events, hen the " saints" went to receive their eward, they left behind them a race of atholics. Yes, " with the help of God, '! the IriBh omen saved us that time. There is. another ''good Queen'," celerated in the. Irish history ; the' "good ueen Anne." The 1 lriiihhave. slwaiys een highly' distinguished. fot their love of learning. Her "goodness " manifested itself chiefly in her systematic extirpation from the'ibij'of this noble plant. She established ^schools (with Irish money) for the porpoise, of proselytising; but the- Irish turned from them: in loathing, as the early Christians turned from the meats consecrated to the gods. They: risked their lives willingly enough forthe learning they, loved, but they could not be induced to risk their souls—not even y the prospect of enjoying her Majesty's ociety in the next life. For nearly century the poor land lay bruised, rushed, scarcely breathing, covered by dense cloud of ignorance. Our enemies nd even some well meaning men repre^ ent the Irish race as being then sunk in state of deplorable barbarity. The - istake is a natural one. But it is a istake. No Catholic nation can be barbarous. t must first cease to be Catholic. {To be concluded in our next). 