The aspect of ,'tlie Legislative Assembly on Tuesday . evening, us described to us by an eye-witness, must have been very interesting. Huddled together on the front bench of the Opposition, were the members of the stone wall faction, looking like so many famished hounds crouching in terror before the exhi- bition of the whip; and when Mr Berry rose to speak his voice was as hollow as a ghost's, 'and he was so weak about the knees, that, seen in. profile, they resembled a couple of compasses when expanded to define the arc of a largish circle. On the other side of the House, sat the supporters of the Go vernment to the number of. fifty, with deter mination written in every feature, and the light of coining victory shining on their con fident faces. As the evening wore on the party represented by the Berry faction, as sembled to the number of a- couple of thou sand in the Parliament Reserve. The loafers, the roughs, the pickpockets, the larrikins, the bullies from the various brothels, and the scum of a large city had gathered in expecta tion, apparently, that the general division of property which they expect will follow the triumph (?) of the stone wall party, was to take place immediately, and eagerly antici pating the sack of the banks. .- But of course they received no encouragement from Mi- Berry and his friends, whose ' sole anxiety is to secure L14,000 per annum for themselves, and who don't care too straws for the raga muffins they are making use of outside. At a late hour of the evening, the mob hustled the Premier and the Chief Secretary; but the timely " appearance on the scene of a police superintendent prevented those gentle men from having their pockets picked by the communists in the crowd; most of- whom had just cotne from a mass meeting in Nichol son-street. Inside the Assembly the . proceedings were more scandalous and disorderly than at any previous period since Mr Bed- ribbon- Berry and his colleagues occupied a seat in that House. In the imminent prospect 6f defeat, and under the combined influences of disap pointment, impotent rage and bitter humilia tion, it seemed as if the roughs were bent upon covering Parliamentary institutions with shame and disgrace. Perhaps that which exasperated them beyond endurance was the reading by Sir James M'Gulloch of the fol lowing telegrams which had passed between Melbourne and Adelaide, on the subject of the new standing-order ' The Hon. J. P.' Boucaut, 3rd Feb., to Premier, Adelaide; — How long have your standing : orders, Nos. 168 and 169 been in existence? " -What'- ied to their adoption ? Have they beeii effectual in securing the object of their 'adaption' ? An immediate answer will oblige,' To this'I re ceived the following reply r' The Hon W. Morgan to Sir James M'Oulloch. Feb. 3. — The standing-orders were adopted in 1,857, on introduction of responsible government. Verbally amended in 1864, they stand alike in both Houses. No particular reason led to their adoption, but it is evident the frauiers designed a course to prevent a fac tious minority retarding business. .They have worked most satisfactorily in both Houses, have greatly facilitated proceedings, and the knowledge that the House always has it in its power to prevent unnecessary waste of time leads to moderation and the orderly con duct of business.'" The members of the stone wall faction are described as having literally writhed under this unexpected ' and ample testimony to the utility and value of the standing-order under discussion. And when the Premier referred to the fact of a similar regulation- being in force among the Good Templars, arid various friendly societies in this colony, Mr Munro is represented as having: turned green,; and yello w with ' vexa tion:--- -The' exasperation - thus: occasioned Soon -manifested itself j on the Opposition side of tlfe HouSfi,'' Air' Lalor rosriin a towering passion to raise a point of order " worthy of a bush lawyer, and . must have made, plenty of work for the Government book-binder by the Way in which' he pounded the volumes on the table with his huge right hand. Mr Gillies followed, and tore his flimsy 'sriphisms to tatters ; and then that pretentious bore, James M'Kean, who always looks as Dickens said of- the life- guardsman, who- came court ing David Oopperfield's servant, "like the afternoon shadow of somebody, else,"., 'loomed large upon the scene; and Donnybrook Fail- commenced. This folio manual of etiquette and treatise on elegarico began by offering a studied insult to the Speaker, -. whom ho charged- with being unable - to i comprehend him, — him ! James M'Kean ! Then he com plained that an " honourable" member, — to wit, Jainei M'Kean !— couldn't get. up jvvith- out a servile majority interrupting him ; then he insinuated that the - Premier, was. not" tell-; jug the truth ; then Mr Lalor struck in with ..ah; insinuation that the Speaker- Was telling a lie-; .then Mr; M'Keari complained; that two; Members of the (WeramentyiJwere.amvew l ihgi together in a most unparliamentary way 'theh; Mr Berry accused Sir; "VYHliftm. Stiwellj , 'of 1 b©U Avi tig likq and tagi ''Insulted the pehpie ipf tiriS coidriy " while he wis doting Gbvrirnorjand then Mr. lAlot-j glowibg wlth beat and perSph'ing with pSSsiob; oipped tho Climax by exclaiming within' the Speaker's hearing that that was " a corrupt House, presided over corruptly." After.' which -MrrM'Kean- called:attention.to : the fact of -strangers bBing-presefltj'and the galleries Were clehred a lefr ttiiriiites before ten o'clock. . ; . . . ' . Such is "Her Majesty's Opposition" in' Victoria! So low lias it fallen, so outrageous has it become ! - In the year 1648 there -was just such a rabble in the House of Commons, and it was got! rid of by what is known in history as' £ Pride's purge."; : Colonel- Pride, acoompanied by'Lord. .Grey, of Grobyyand a squad of trusty soldiers, occupied the entrance to the House ; and, giving the wittds " To the Queen's "Court," member after member was marched thither, to the number of forty- one, "and kept there," says Oarlylo, "in a state bordering on rabidity, ' asking — ' By what law ?' and ever again, ' By what law-?"' We are not sure that the purgation, of. the Assembly- by the expulsion of the'eommnnis- tic obstructives, would- not have been the simplest and- mo.st efficacious. ! method of dealing with such avowed enemies of Par liamentary government and the public : weal. 