Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. MR. JOHNSTON commenced business in the Legislative Assembly on Monday last by a shocking indiscretion. He had probably been pondering on the fact that a whole lot of railways were on the Government programme, and he asked the Premier whether the Govern ment had any information as to an economical system of railway construction. This was an embarrassing question, but Mr. Thorn didn't seem concerned. He calmly replied that he hadn't any such information. What's the odds ? The Ministry didn't want to plunge, and it's not their fault if they go in head over heels. Fytte the second was anent railway classifica tion of goods carried. Mr. Buzacott said it was absurd, and—consequently, I suppose—worthy of the serious consideration of the Government- Too had of Mr. Buzacott, insinuating that absurdities are dealt with as serious matters by tho Government. Mr. Thorn vowed that the present system appeared to him unrivalled. It was based on English practice, and consequently mubt be suitable to the colony. However, he owned that he hadn't had time to ascertain any* thing about it, a confession which in some slight degree weakened the force of his praises of it. Mr. Palmer quoted from a commercial man's letter on the subject, who complained that apples are first-class and currants second-class. The traffic manager Bhould be ashamed of himself. That is a childish classification, such as a school boy would arrive at on the comparative merits of apples and currants. But to return to Mr. Palmer: he asserted that he had tried, when Premier, to have the goods classification simpli fied, but his Secretary for Works had said the officials raised insuperable difficulties. Surely this conld not have been the fiery Walsh. I should have thought that if anyone, even were i* Statham Lowe, had attempted to bind Mr. Walsh with red tape, he would have proved quite a ministerial Davenport Brother. Mr. Bell delivered an essay on Mr. Statham Lowe, treating his sub ject in a masterly manner. He described the traffic manager as a sort of inspired rough-rider of Ministers for Works, and vowed that if he were •twin that office he would ihow Mr. Lowe what buokjumping meant. Somehow or other the mention of Mr. Lowe's name never fails to oc casion a row in the Assembly, and on this, as on previous occasions, everyone had something to say. Mr. Dickson tamed the excitement by de livering some of his finest sentences, and suc ceeded in imparting sufficient dullness to the subject to indispose everyone to follow it up. Mr. Macrossan called attention to a little game going on at Charters Towers with respect to the electoral lists. An official who struck his name off, in order to try and prevent his being eligible for Parliament, four years ago, had been rewarded by promotion, and in his higher position he was managing to prevent the last rolls from being publicly available for inspection, as prescribed by law. The Colonial Secretary had heard of the affair, and hud called upon the ingenious official for an explanation. This had boen furnished, and was nut satisfactory, so Mr. Stewart had felt it his duty to demise —the matter from his atteutiun by telling the offender to hang out the lists Better late than never. Mr. Ivory renewed his enquiry about the Clerk of the Executive Council. Mr. Thorn had promised to insist that that gentleman Bhonld elect whether he would retain that office or the Private Secretaryship to his Excellency, as he could not with propriety hold both. He now apprised Mr. Ivory that Mr. Drury had elected to retain the clerkship, but would continue to hold the other billet till the regular private secretary turned up, which was an ingenious way of stating that Mr. Drury intended to stick to both posts as long as he thought proper. These little preliminaries having been disposed of, the House went into the Estimates, and Mr. Stewart moved the immigration vote, and in formed the House that Mr. Nind had been ap pointed by Mr. Daintree, but Mr. Palmer was down upon him instantly for information as to whethe r Mr. Macalister had not ordered Mr. Daintree to make the appointment. A shindy ensued about Mr. Stewart's action in " easing off" immi gration. The Colonial Secretary got considerably bulged by members sitting on him. Mr. Thorn ventured to rush in where the angelic Douglas apparently feared to tread, and asserted roundly that west of Rockhampton none but Kanakas could getemployment. Mr. Macrossan instantly resorted to his usual device of flinging figures about. He had no love for colored laborers or oolored state ments either, and quoted the census severely to the Premier, showing that Mr. Thorn's " none " amounted in reality to about 1500 white men, as against 884 Kanakas employed in the Western districts. Mr. Macdonald ventilated an idea that all immigrants who couldn't get current wages within a reasonable time should be hunted out of the depdts if they refused ten shillings a week. This is his corrected statement. The Courier reported him to have Baid that there should be a law fixing immigrants' wages at ten shillings, and Macdonald was appalled next morning when he saw what he had said, and rushed off to get it suppressed in the evening paper, and contradicted it in the House, some members agreeing with the contradiction and . others declaring the publishedreport was accurate. Anyhow, whatever he did say, he got wigged at the time, as if he had said what The Courier reported, Mr. Kingßford delivering a sermon on his iniquity in making such a proposition. Mr. Bell wanted the vote postponed, and went to a division, which turned out against him. Some sport ensued, drawing out the Colonial Secretary about the security—a bond for £5000— which Macalifttcr should have furnished on being appointed Agent-General. Members wanted to know if it had been furnished, and Mr. Walsh piled on the agony by demanding to be informed whether it was true that Macalister had tendered securities which the Government could not accept. Mr. Stewart tried to dodge. He said that shortly after Mac/tlister left the colony he had been telegraphed to, requesting him to furnish securities. Mr. Palmer sardonically told the Colonial Secretary it was no use shirking. If a plain answer was not given, the House would draw their own conclusions. Mr. Stewart growled, but wouldn't come out of his shell, encouraged by the mephistophelean Griffith. Getting badly worried, however, he made almost a clean breast of the business at last, and owned up. He Baid " the Government had taken every precaution to get this security," meaning, as ap peared further on, that they bad omitted to do a mortal thing until the day before Macalister sailed for America from Sydney. Then the " security " came up in'an informal manner, and could not be received—a statement corrected by Mr. Griffith, who explained that the " security*' was never handed to the Government, but only shown him in the street. The Government sup porters listened to the woful tale, but preserved a talented silence. Opposition didn't venture on a division, and vote was passed, when the House adjourned, all parties discontented—the Opposi tion because they could reap no decisive advan tage out of the expose", and the Government side because so much fat had got on to the fire. On TuMday and Wednesday the Assembly went in for work with the grimmest determina tion, and nothing in the way of froth came to the surface which would have evoked a grin even from a thoroughbred Cheshire cat. On Thursday the Legislative Council solemnised a Bervice of three-quarters of an hour's duration. In the Assembly, about the first thing was the presentation by Messrs. Morgan, Frazer, Kings ford, and Stewart of a Bmall MS. library of petitions in favor of Mr. M'Lean's Publicans BilL At these portentous appearances members were greatly impressed, and several found it ne cessary to pay a visit to the refreshment room in order to recover their equanimity. Mr. Ivory asked the Premier if he knew that the New South Wales Government scheme of rail ways was intended to connect Queensland some where Goondiwindi way. Bather an important matter, but Mr. Thorn confessed he knew nothing about it. I suppose we will run our line to the border at Stanthorpe and New South Wales ; theirs to the border at Goondiwindi, and then the statesmen on both sides will begin to wonder why people don't make the trip:ovdr land. Mr. Edmonstone moved for papers connected with non-issue of land-orders to those gallant defenders of our country, the Volunteers, and elicited an explanation from Mr. Stewart that his Excellency the Commander-in- Chief had called Captain M'Donnell be fore him, and had requested him to sign the warrants last Tuesday week, and that the Captain had not yet complied. Mr. Palmer wanted Captain M'Donnell cashiered or court martialed, or shot, or something, for not obeying his Commander-in- Chief. Mr. Stewart thought the veteran Commander-in-Chief the best judge about cashiering, and pledged himself that the matter would be soon settled one way or other. I shall attend Captain M'DonnelPs obsequies. Mr, Palmer camo forward with his motion for a Board of Control to advise with the Agent- General, and endorse all contracts, and vowed he didn't mean, for a shot at Macalister. Th,e Premier professed himself taken by surprise. Didn't expect the motion bo soon, but astounded the whole human race by agreeing cordially with the motion, provided the style of the board was altered to one of advice instead of control, to which Mr. Palmer graciously agreed. Mr. Bell caught an expression of the Premier's, and declared he be gan to suspect that Mr. Thorn had his eye on the Agent-Generalship for himself. I shouldn't wonder if he were right, and that a shuffle during the recess may be intended to effect a change of position between the Hon. George and Macalister. Mr. Dickßon threw a gloom over the House by backing off from Mr. Thorn's gushing approval, and hinting that not only the one word, but the whole final sentence would require altering, thus depriving the board of actual control over con tracts. The bubble burst when Mr. Griffith rose and coldly ignored the Premier's enthusiasm, deliberately moving an amendment as in dicated by Mr. Dickson, which made mince meat of the motion, and roused the ire of Mr. Palmer, who snapped the bonds of affection which had temporarily connected him with the Premier, and dubbed that dignitary " a nonen tity", whom his colleagues disregarded. The amendment was carried, and then Mr. Palmer would have nothing to do with the motion, and voted against it on a mixed division, which put an end to it. A survey for a railway to Caboolture was demanded by the unblushing Fryar. This brought up the Treasurer in fine form. Mr. Dickson rose iv his most imposing manner, and without bo much on winkiug at the mover, pro tested against the idea. The Government really couldn't go in for pandering for railways whole sale. He got no credit from Mr. Palmer, how ever, who cast the Sandgate jetty in his teeth ; and Mr. Douglas expressed pain ful embarrassment. He was bound to follow the Treasurer, but ex(»ouded an immense amount of soft-soap over this proposition. Mr. Thorn wanted to know whence came this tardy firmness on the part of his Treasurer. Why, oh why, had he not shaped equally de-' cisively at the earlier part of the session ? He agreed with Mr. Douglas in prophesying that a railway Caboolture way, vid Sandgate, would not be long deferred. So £1000 was voted, and the ghost of Trinity Bay shrieked and gibbered. Members then went in for a wild orgy in connection with Mr. M'Lean's Publicans Act. The mover began very fairly, but warmed with his subject, and plunged into a lecture on total abstinence, quoted voluminously from reportß on the Maine Liquor Law, and managed to rouse all the dormant opposition in the House. By the time he had arrived at the peroration of his address, members were on the broad grin and ripe for any sort of games. Mr. Bailey made fearful havoc among the petitions presented in favor of the bill, showing that they embodied a considerable amount of pious fraud, in one document twenty-nine earnest persons having signed twice over, and in others strong sugges tions of forgery appearing. Mr. Graham followed suit, and made shocking fun of all the weak points of the measure. The House resounded with laughter, and not all the grave efforts of Messrs. Stewart and Fryar sufficed to tone down the ludicrous aspect which the matter had been made to assume. Except Mr. Stewart, the members of the Government preserved a stategic silence. Mr. Buzacott was wroth because Mr. M'Lean had quoted Rockhampton as a shocking example. Mr. M'Lean was overwhelmed by the cheerful tempest which raged around him, and waa regularly bounced into withdrawing bis bilL 