«BOHEMIAN" AND THE CHAIR MAN OF COMMITTEES. .'BoHBi(iAH,"inlaat Saturday's WeeJt, says: -The Chairman of Committees will feel the loss of that bill. It T a nice bill in com mittee. When onoe aa amendment was pro posed and fairly put to the! committee there m -time for agooilong saoo»o, arid Bemsys could be oa the Watch And poke him: op w timefor'the division. Aad fliie 'sweet sooth ing eloquence of Walsh, Morehiead, and De Satg£, and Amhlirat, (applied as gentle and. e&otive; a lullaby u any' wesiy sow could de 1 sire. CertainlyMorgan got into a bit of a tangle while the biu was in committee on Tnasday night through dozing off. Wiethol Walsh and Mprehead had infused a double measure of sorahiI<|rouanB8s into tyieir tones as they droned .and.-.p^osed along the im measnr^able iwkedijoestifthe Ministry; or whether the atmosphere yps unpfually heavy that sight; or thst the yentjlat^pn of the . chamber was obstructed Igr a disproportionate number ofXiberaTmembore; or that some thing else bad happened to. send the Oiiair man of Oomthittees into a deeper deep than usual-is ioivpast Gliding out. Be did sleep sdaiideHiiat jjight in the oh&ir; than he had ' ever 'dtmp befbri-aild. whin heawoke, he waD jiiet fe trifle'tewi|4ire^, and 'didn't know exactly wherehe was. ' IJo gat the preamble inextricably mited with' the' sbheaulee and ' the last clause of the bill, and for a consider able time obtald not maki up his Mind bow ..thequestion stood: Members kindly volun teering to explain only1 confused h}m the more : But be got tight at last, ' There is very little about the office of Ohsirmao of Oo^nmit tees of the Legislative Assembly, barring the aslary, which I should yearn for. In thb first place, although the Chairman is virtually the Deputy-Sneaker, he never can maintain his dignity like the Speaker can. The metaben won't let him. 1 cannot say how it is, but a most noticeable change comes over the (one and deportment of hoo. members' direotly the House resolves into a Oommittee of the Whole, and if a Chairman of Committees pos sessed ' a fifty-speaker power of dignity, he couldn't maintain it in the ol^air for faalf £n hour,. When the House is in committee inem bera can (peak as olten as they like, and ta'wy of them Uke to speak very often indeed, l'he most inveterate speaken in committesTsooa loosq their tempera, and begin to abuse, some body, and then aomebody taint np the quarrel, and the majority present go in tor . general shindy and M make a night of it." The Chair map M -Owqittees has to. ait it through, without the ghost of a chance of joining in the scrimmage-rand which cannot but be very faying to an Irishman, above all other men. The only relief from the irritating monotony is a gentle slumber, and now the Hallway) far serves Bill is through there is little ohanoe <?{ that again this session. 