.'' Music and the Drama. The facts not otherwise lian here sel down.-SHERIDAN XSOWLBS. Ha, ¡Samuel Lazw is determined that the patrons of the Theatre Royal shall be no strangers to novelty, and so presente I to. thf tn "The Stranger'' himself in the fitton of Mr. G. D. Ohiplin, who represented Kotza hui's hero of uureq»»i«ed affection with su^h quiet th-iUifh effective pjwerasto becoma tho feat vre of the pl»y* Mrs Sji>t5-Sidilons as Mrs. Haller, though play jag with mu m feeling, did not give so faithful a pour tiayalof this curiously compounded character of guilty rwignation as of other personages in her extensiva re pertoire, ".M rejeivel with miush upptauso. If tho whipping scene between Salomo»-Mr. .I.G. .Joyce-and Peter-Mr. W. Andrews-wherein little Solomon took lonj Peter across hii knees and beat him with a birch npju the chair end of his back, was a picture true tu manhood's meth>iJ ot givin» or rejeivin^ chastise ment I must plead ignorant of manhood's nature. Pro " bably they needed a l.au-ib, and adopted thit way to get it; if so, "'tis * custom moro houonred in the breach' than tho observance." The other characters in this lugubrious play wore fairly represented, and Mr. J. P. West as Tobias was so well made up. and here and there played with suah feeling, that oven his friends were astonished, and applauded accordingly. On Thursday the"School for Scandal" was repeated with mora, success than on its production. ''Romeo and Juliet " has been again played, and as Juliet Mrs. Scott Siddons is probably at hor host in tragic horoinos. As Lady Macbeth on Saturday night ¡Mrs. Scott-Siddons attempted the representation of a character of an en tirely opposite nature, aud succeeded in making a very favourable impression upon tin crowded audience. Thero are, however, certain gestures, certain jerks and positions of body that positively interfere with origi nality of representation. In these respects Lady Mas bèthdidnot differ from Ltdy Teazlo or Mrs. Haller, or whotnsoovtsr Mrs. SisottSiddons may be representing. Thc delivery of tho text was marked with much ap preciation of ita torriblo iinpjrt, whi'lo Mrs. ticott-Siddons* pawer of eyo was omiueutly dis played in tho various passions to bo shewn. At the termination of tho sleep-walking soeno, acted with much power, loud approbation t'ollo.ved tho exit ot the sleep ing lady. The actress was called anil refilled several times during the o vening. Mr. Geurie Chaplin's per formance of Maabeth nhowed signs of marked improve ment (except in costume, and therein his queou erred too) upon previous performances. Ho retains the blood marked cupbearer in the banquet scene but has dis pensed with the presence of the ghost, which should be seen to completo the illusion to the audience, who are somewhat slow at imaginative stagery as he addresses the empty chair instoad. Tho effect of thc scene is by no' means heightened by this " unghostly" visitation. To tho Shakesperian scholar it may bo all very well, ~ b»t to the general audience'tis caviar'. Shakcpera himself directs the presence of tho ghost, and ho is admitted as an authority respecting his own plays. \- Tho performance ol Locke's music was excellently done, dud the weird sounds and witches'songs were received with perfect delight. The other characters were sup ported as on other occasions, and with similar results. On Monday and Tuesday ¡¡Shakospara's beautiful comedy, " Much Ado (About Nothing," was most suc cessfully produced, Mrs. Scott- iddons appearing as Beatrice, and Mr. G. D. Chaplin us Rcndedick, Mrs. í iddons < is¡ evidently ; alive to all the wit . with which 'Beatrice "is made so full, speaks it with full effect, aud, altogether makes a distinguí«hcd representativo of thia brilliant character. The Rinadi.de of Mr. G. D Ohaplm is ono of the best I have seen, .cid aotupares favourably in com prehension and performance with even the best. His delivery of tho text, his marked contrast of behaviour before and after-he is in love, prove him au artist who will probably 'attain to the height of his own ambition, either in tragedy or comedy. Th.it he is versatile l^iis '?Hamlet and his Benedick must provo, and that he is bo coming exceedingly popular the applause he always receives is demonstration enough. Mr. W. And rows, tis Dogberry, was grandiloquently amusing, and gave out his well-known "Alis ¡"with unctuous effect. Mr. H. . Simmons, as Verges, was in admirable contrast with Dogberry,'and so deserves special commendation ; Mr. "WVaJ. Holloway, still'striving and still improving, Mr.. J. G. Joyce and Mr. J. P. "West., who evi dently put on a pleasant countenance ns well as ./ tolerable performance,, assisted tho success of the^'lplay. Miss Augusta Chambers sustained the character of Hero, but from the cold uncongenial manner of its performance tho lady did not appear to much advantage. Ere this, and here was nn oppor tunity, I. had hoped to have seen some decided mark of Miss Chamber's artistic ability. Hope deferred hath ita effect in time. Miss Emma Rogers, though dressed . in questionable taste as Ursula, delivered the text very sensibly and well. Tho manner in which the various plays are put upon "the stage entitles the stago manager and assistants to great praise. » The re-opening of the Victoria Theatre on Saturday evening, for tho appearance of " Fritz," attracted nu enormous audience to welcome our " Cousin Gorman." It is almost unnecessary to say how Mr. J. K. Emmet was received, because every actor of note is invariably started with hearty applause from the whole house. Tho' play itself, although it has run for an' almost unbelievable period in tho sister colony, has no'literary merit to sustain it, and depends entirely on the interest centred around *. Fritz," otherwise Mr. J. K. Emmett. Throughout the piece this originator of tho Cousin-German dialect business, sustains his part with admirable skill, .ami his various disguises, songs, and speeches -ero received with tho applause that has become almost a chronic consequence of their exhibi tion and utterance. Still I do not think that " Fritz'' will run eleven consecutive weeks in Sydney, yet Mr Emmett may succeed in awaketiiug the samo enthu siasm for his "Fritz" than bc has done elsewhere. His performances gr"w iu.populnrity, for it is evident that the German Oousinsbip that we havo already seen is exaggerated Eiumottisoi. Compare, for iustuuco, the d.tucing alon?. With E nmett every step is gra<o and elegance,and very little noise; with others it has de pended greatly upon concussion and boisterous jumping about. lu his songs in the Garden sccue, thero was cer tainly a little too much about a poodle dog, and a slow ness that can easily be " hurried"away ; and his beauti ful playing up->n the little mouth organ has not been equalled at all. The company supporting Mr. Emmett, have come with him from Melbourne, where they have beeu familiar with tho business of the piny, an;< give ample assistance in it's duo performance. Mr. R. S.Stewart an old Sydney favourite appeared as Julius Snow the nigger servant to Colonel Orafton, and made it one of tho best performances of tho evening, more by what] he ¡did, *han what he had to say. Mr. Belton performed Colonel Craf ton with all his accustomed im portance and effect, but is still rather in favour of pro longed terminals. Mr. Harry Sefton made a very good representative of Grim. Miss Muggie Stewart ns Katarina, acted less competently than 1 expected but will probablv improve. Miss Patty Holt as the drudge threw much feeling and contrast into this somewhat unthank ful part. Miss Emma Austin was painstaking and effec tive as usual, aud Miss Nellie Stewart made a charm mg Julia. Misa Ethel Howard aa Judy Boche, was an animated, appla-woraaa ; and Little Schnieder found au interesting embodiment in infantile Florence Murray. Tho scenery was decidedly cosmopolitanic, and some of it, especially the garden scene, pretty, but it is no. usual to find marble steps in ii drawing*, room. Apphiusa from all parts of tho home testified to thorough appreciation of *'Fritz." and probably in my next I may bo able to write "continued success" of our Cousin German. There was, however, metal more attractive to our "»pp»rton" ami " bjb- tspandiujj thousands" at tho S-îbuol of Arts during the past weok, where the Kev. Charles Clark has lectured to audiences than positively " overflew." The rov. gentleman commenced his series wi'h a brilliant lecture upon "Olivor Crom well." Since bis previous visit tho Bev. Mr. Clark hus ovidently not boen idle, and the manner in which his lecture was received by the crowded audieuce proved him at once a popular and favoured speaker. Crowding into tho space of two hours a history of events that were years in accomp lishment. Mr. Clark contrived to instruct many, refresh the memories of many moro and delight everybody by his terse, concise, and faithful portraitura of Cromwell and his times. It is evident, judging fi om his rermrks, that the Rcv3 Mr. Clark hutas James I., despises Charles I., and almost worships Oliver Cromwell, and in his worship he had uncompromising followers »nd approvers in his enthralled audience. It is not of my pruviuce to detail the lecture, else could I tell with p'ensuro oF his account of the many "moving acci dents by flood aud field," that wero rapidly related by the lecturer in such stirring tones and dramatic effect. For not a moment does tho intorest of tho audience flag, and enthusiastic approbation was administered whenever there was a paus« to admit it.« Still I may bo pardoned if I add that it was not in the best of tasto even if carried away by his subject to rai«o a laugh, by comparison, at tho expenso of our highly respected Metropolitan. In tho lecture on " Thackeray," although iu Btroug contract to Cromwell, tho Rev. Mr. Clark wns equally successful iu attraction aud in lecture. His sympathies ¡ire eminently " Thackorayian," and he depicts tho novelist as almost perfection, nlthongh in tin* question of taste, when compared with a liking for tho "differential calculus," or a "good novel," lam inclined to think it rather a question of intelloct than t-iste. His various quotations were admirably recited, and many noses appeared to requiro simultaneous at tention ere ' Adm un" was breathed out by the depart ing Culonol Nowcome. The audience, which crowded hall and'stage, leaving little foot room for the lecturer, applauded him vehemently as he bowed his adieu. Of Oliver Goldsmith I must defer notice. Wilson's Hippodrome bas attracted largo audiences during the past week, and the performances have been as varied, excellent, and exciting ns ever. On Saturday afternoon last Mr. John "Wilson gave free ad I mission'to the destitute children asylutned at Rand wick, a treat for which, judiring by their pleased and well conditioned features, they seemed " truly thank ful." A novel portion of the programme was tho pro cession of the children from Randwick in patent safety cabs, and much praise1 is due to the owners and drivers of the cabs for their liberality in thug enabling these children to have so great a treat. They were with equal liberality taken buck to tho Asylum in omnibuses; also furnished free by their proprietors, and making a grand display. Mr. Wilson, with con tinued liberality, has also given free admission to thos« drivers of cabs and omnibuses who so kindly conveyed tho children to tho Hippodrome. Several novel features have been introduced into the arena, among them being the comical a"*t with the clown and his pony, the introduction of Mdlle. Gracie in her trapeze aut with Gomales, in which tho strength of jaw and Herve are both tri«d herd. Everything is con ducted by Mr. Omer Kingsley, tho ring muster, in the quietest manner, but with perfect success, from entree to Buff ula Bill, nnd Mr. John AVilson, determined to place this exhibition, the grandest of its class, within the purse-ranch of the million, has lowered the charge of admission. Throughout the enormous assemblies at tho Hippodrome thc greatest good order and humour are maintained-speaking well for tho good manage ment of thoso to whom this important task is en trusted. At the Queen's Theatre n very enjoyable enter tainment is provided, consisting of singing, dancing an'' the performances of the Wheeler Family, of whom I may have moro to say next week. I perceive with pleasure that an attempt is boing made to establish an " Amateur Choral Union " for the practice and performance of vocal and instrumenta] music. The efforts of the Hon. John Campbell, Esq., M.L C., James Watson, Esq.. M.L.A., and other influen tial gentlemen aro engaged in tho formation of the society, to which amateurs only are eligible for admis sion as members. The want of f uch a society has been long felt in Sydney, and the torras upon which thc Amateur Choral Union is proposed to bo carried on ought to ensure á large number of members. Ladies aro admitted as honorary members, and gentlemen upon payment of a small entrance foo and annual subscription. Ero long I hope to say that tho " Choral Union" ia an establisüeü institution. FIGARO. A bold and clover capture of two men, against whom warrants have been issued for cattle stcaltug, was made last Tuesday night by constables Kiug and Towusond. Tho mon in qnestion are brothers, named Roger und Mi rh» el Sheedy, tho warrant for their arrcs< having been issued by thu Binalong bench. It appears that coustabl« King, who was some timo ago stationed at Binalong, kuew both well, and last night, from, we presume, information received," proceeded in search of them, accompanied by constable Towns end. When about midway between Alfred Town and Wagga, a tuan passed tho constables in the bush. Constable King rode over to him, and immediately recognised him as Michael Sheedy, ono* of the men " wanted," so he arrested him and lodged him in the . lock-up-after which both constables roturnedto tho same place, in tho hops of finding the «.ther. lu this they were not disappointed, as, very near the same spot, they mot another man, whom King addressed. Immediately upon hearing the constable's voice, the man, who was riding a very lino hor^e, put spurs to tho animal and galloped off. Quick as tho action was, it was not sufficiently so to prevent King recognizing the rider as Roger Sheedy. Roth con stables gave chase, and with tho view ot' "bringing to " the man, fired their revolvers towards, but not directly at him. This, however, wus ineffectual, and it was not until after a chase of about a mile and a huit' that he was enright. Ho was thou arrested, saying, in explana tion of his flight, that he would sooner have been shot thau taken. Ho was subsequently safely lodged in the lock-up.- ¡Funga Wagga JZxycss. To MOTHEUS AND NuitSES.-The most innocent remedy for children ruttiug their teeth is ¿Irs. Jobusou'* Soothing Byrup. un outward UDPUcation which cools tho heitcd guns »nd KÍVPS immediate ruilol to the child. Prepared only by Bnr cl»v ona yon«, Karrlugdnn-streut, Lend ou. Pricers Dd per bottle. Hold try all chem Wt». 