An Eccentric Ghost. THE LONDON GLOBE says that ghosts have recently become much more varied in their manifestations than in the old times, when they always appeared in the same garb, and went through the same dreary performances. Mr. Crookes, it is well known, has made quite a friend of Katie King, who reveals herself to him and a company of admiring spirit- ualists with the moat charming freedom, not even flying from the glare of the electrio light. He also graps mysterious hands, which fade away in his grip sometimes leaving flowers in his posses- sion. In America a ghost has taken to display its presence in ways even more impressive than those with which Mr. Crookes has made us familiar. Every reader of " Alice in Wonderland" must remember the cat which astonishes the little lady by vanishing into space, its grin alone remaining. According to the NEW YORK TIMES the ghost which is now filling American spiritualists with delightful horror has taken a hint from this peculiar animal. It appears before "circles" as a pair of eyes re- sembling bails of fire. The eyes float through the air of a crowded room, and produce sulch a sensation amongst the spectators as no previous ghost has ever produced. There is evidence it is not solitary phenomena but belong to a body, for " the ghost is in the habit of dropping into a lady's bed-chamber at untimely hours, and of carrying away the bed-clothes, and occasionally also the unfortunate occupant of the bed" Of course no one knows why the strange being should manifest itself by its eyes alone. The fact is curious ; but all re- ligions have their mysteries, and this particular mystery is left unexplained by the spiritualists. In the insolvent estate of John Westaway, a second meeting was held last Tuesday. Insolvent stated that he desired to amend his schedule in regard fo the amount of debts owing by him and to him, and he was directed to do so by affidavit within two days. Debt proved: Prince, Ogg, and Co., £293 13s. 8d. Insolvent was directed to file six months' accounts within ten days. "Adam," said a sagacious man, ' showed much wisdom in giving names to the animals when they were brought to him. But as for the hog, I think any one would have known what it was, if he had not named it so. Nothing is heard of Lieutenant Armit's ex- pedition. 