WINDMILLS FOR PUMPING. Mb.. A. H. Borthwick, of Melrose, Scot land, writes to the ' Queenslander':—In your issue of 30th August last, which has been forwarded to me by a casual vi sitor at Brisbane, there is an enquiry from J. T. Carver for a detailed descrip tion of a horizontal windmill for fencing purposes. In ' The Field' newspaper (London) of January 2, 1875, is described and figured a horizontal wind-engine, " many of which are used on the Kansas Pacific Railroad, U.S.A., for raising water wells along the line into tanks, for the supply of the engines. The engine is driven by the action of the wind on a horizontal drum 15 feet in diameter, fitted with wooden floats, placed verti cally, about 6 feet long and about 1 foot in breadth, which can be opened or closed.'' It rotates horizontally on a circular frame which is supported by the house, &c.; The great advantage of this wind-engine iB that there are no sails, and no shift ing of position to catch the wind. I also send you a description of a windmill, sail-wheel, used in South Africa for pumping water from a large river on to a hill 300 feet above its level, on which was built an observatory, and by which means it was quickly sheltered by a growth of umbrageous trees—a costless structure. Imagine their Feelings !—Some time ago, I am credibly informed, a literary journal contained a correspondence be tween two female novelists, one accusing the other of plagiarism. Two letters grew so iracund that the editor requested his fair correspondence to exchange ad dresses, and conclude the discussion pri vately. The result was amusing. t Miss A., author, let us say Ghost Grange, had accused Miss Z., author of Lillian and Lovely, of plagiarism, which Miss. Z. in dignantly denied. Imagine the feelings of both when it was discovered that they resided in the same house, Miss. Z. being the mistress of a fashionable ladies' " se minary" at Brighton, and Miss A. one of her most forward pupils. How poor Miss A. got through the remainder of her half year haB never been revealed. 