CHAPTER VII. A LEAF OCT OF THE PAST. Arthur's letter to bis partners was a brief explanation of hiB delay, and closed with the following sentence Search the records for any deed or transfer of the grant from Dr. Devarges." He had scarcely concluded before Diego entered, ready for the journey. When he had gone Arthur waited with BO me im< patience the re-appearance of Dofla Dolores. To his disappointment, however, only the solemn mat/or domo strode grimly into the room, like a dark-complexioned ghost, and, as it seemed toArthur, with a strong sag* gestionof the commander in " Don Giovanni" in hiB manner, silently beckoned hitix to follow to the apartment set aside for his reception. In keeping with the sun-evading instincts of Spanish Californian architecture, the room was long, low, and half-lighted;.1 the two barred windowH on either side of the' doorway gave upon the corridor and court yard below; the opposite wall held only a email narrow deeply embrasured loophole, through which Arthur could see the vast ghttering sun-illumined plain beyond. The .hard, monotonous, unwinking glare without did not penetrate the monastic gloom of this chamber; even the insane incessant restless ness of the wind that perpetually beset the bleak walls was unheard and unfelt in the grave, contemplative solitude of this religious cell. Mingled with this grateful asceticism was the quaint contrast of a peculiar Spanish laxnriouaness. In a curtained recess an immense mahogany bedstead displayed a yellow satin coverlid, profusely embroidered with pink and purple silk flowers. The borders of the sheets and cases of the satin pillows were deeply edged with the finest lace. Beside the tied and before a large arm chair heavy rugs of barbaric colours covered the dark wooden floor, and in front of the deep oven-like hearth lay an immense bear skin. Above the hearth hung an ebony and gold ctuctfix, and, mingled with a few modern engravings, the usual Catholic saints and martyrs oocupied the walls. It struck Arthur's observation oddly that the subjects of the secular engravings were snow- landscapes. The Hospice of St. Bernard in winter, a pass in the Austrian Tyrol, the Steppes of Russia, - a Norwegian plain, all to Arthur's fancy brought the temperature of the room down considerably. A small watercolonr of an Alpine floyrer touched him so closely that it might have blossomed from his reoollection. ? .Dinner, which m> prefaced by a message from Dofia Dolores, excusing herself through indisposition, was Served in solemn silence. A cousin of the late Dop Joss Salvatiernt re presented the family; and pervaded the meal with a mild flavour of stale cigaritos and dignified criticism of remote events. Arthur, disappointed at the absence of the Dofia, found himself regarding this gentleman with some degree of asperity and a disposition to resent acyteferenoe to his clients business as anunwairahtable impertinence. Bat when the dinner Was over, and he had smoked a cigar oh the corridor without farther Com munication with Do&a; Dolores, he began to be angry with himself for accepting her In vitation, and savagely oritioal of the motives that impelled fajm to it. He was meditating an earls retreat-even a visit of Mrs. Sepul vida, when Manuela entered. , Would Don Artaro grant the Dofia his farther ooonsel and presence t Don Artaro was conscious that his cheek was flushing, and that his ooonsel A the present moment would not have* been eraii nently remarkable for eoolness or judi<&nii;* cess, bat be followed the Indian woman with a slight inclination of the head. Thereetaitt theroomwbwe Iirfemd ftxWsttMwDe&fc;, Bhe might Mthtntwral hm>m|oiH»K ehebaaoccnpied that morning on thecooolb' so like waahir attitude and manner. A* ha of the Battue fracranoe aadttesuMiurtMiatf magnetism thate^med to leap from her dadc eyesanddrawhisownieBiBtingandiuiwiUag g&setowards; her. " You will despise me, Don Arttoo-yo« whose conntrytromen are so strong and active; because I am so little and weak, and. -mother of God!-so lazy! Bat I am an Invalid, and am not yet quite recovered. Bat thenl am accustomed toit. . I have lain here for days, Don Arturo, doing nothing. It is weary-eh? You think? This wat$a« ing, this waiting!-day after day-always the same!". There was something so delicately plaintive and tender in the cadence of her speech-« cadence that might perhaps have been attri buted to the characteristic intonation of the Castilian feminine speech-bat which* Arthur could not help thinking was pecnliar to her self, that at the moment'he dared not lift his eyes to hers, although he was conscious she was looking at him. Bat by an impulse of safety he addressed himselfto the fan. " Yon have been an invalidthen-Dofia Dolores?" - "A sufferer, Don Arturo." " Have yon ever tried the benefit of change of scene-of habits of life? Your ample means, your freedom from the- cares oC family or kinship, offer you such opportuni ties," he continued, still addressing the fan. But the fan, aS if magnetised by his gam, became coquettishl^ conscious; fluttered, faltered, drooped and then languidly folded its wings. Arthur was left helpless. "Perhaps," said Dofia Dolores, "who knows?" She paused for an instant,.and tben made a sign to Manuela. Thelndian woman roe# and left the room. " I have something to tell you, Don Arfcuro," she continued, "something 1 should havetold you this morning.- It is not too late now. But it is a secret. It is only that I have questioned my right to teUit-not that I have doubted your honour, Don Arturo, that I withheld it then." Arthur raised his eyes to hers. It was her turn to evade his glance. With her long lashes dropped, she went on. "It was five years ago, and*my father whom may the sainls assoilzie-was alive. Game to us then at the Presidio of San Geronimo, a young girl-an American, a stranger and helpless. She had escaped from a lost camp in the snowy mountains where her family and friends were starving. That was the story she told my father. It was a probable one-was it not ?" Arthur bowed his head, but did not reply. " But the -name that she gave was not a true one, as it appeared. My father had sent an Expedition to relieve these people, and they had found among the dead the person whom thiB young girl-this stranger assumed to be. Tbat was their report. The name of the young girl who was found dead and the name of the young girl who came to us was the same. It was Grace Conroy." Arthur's face did not move a muscle, AOr did he once take his eyes from the drooping lidsof his companion. "It was a grave matter-a very grave matter. And it was the more surprising because the young girl bad at first given another name-the name of Grace ABhley which she afterwards explained was the name of the young man who helped her to escape, and whose sister Bhe at first assumed to be." " My father was a good man, a kind man a saint, Don Arturo. It was not for him to know if she were Grace Ashley or Grace Conroy-it was enough for him to know that she was alive, weak, helpless, suffering. Against the advice of his officers, he took her into his own house, into hiBown family, into his own fatherly heart-to wait until her brother-or this Philip Ashley shouldTeturn. He never returned. In six months she was taken ill-very ill-a little child was born Don Arturo-but in the same moment it died and tbe mother died-both, you com prehend-both died-in my arms 1" " That waB bad(" said Arthur, curtly. "I do not comprehend," sail Do&a; Dolores. " Pardon. Do not misunderstand ma, I say it was bad, for I really believe that dug girl, the mysterious stranger with the alias, was really Grace Conroy." Dofia Dolores raised her eyes and stared at Arthur. "And why?" " Because the identification of the bodies by the Expedition was hurried and imperfect." "Howknew you this?" Arthur rose and drew his chair a little nearer his fair client. " You have been good enough to entrust me with an important and honourable secret Let me shew njr appreciation of that confidence by entrusting you with one equally important X know tbat the identification was imperfect and hurried, because I was present. In the re port of the Expedition you will find the name, if you have not already read it, of Lieutenant Arthur Poinsett. Dofia Dolores osture. " But' fore?" " Because, that I was Lie secondly, I did ... that Arthur Poinsett and Philip. one and the same person." " I do not nndeistend," BaidDoftaDolocei slowly, in a hard metallic voioa.'' -<« " I am Lieutenant Arthur Poin^2 of the army, who, under the as __ of Philip Ashley, brought Graos < of Starvation Camp. I am the person who afterwards abandoned her-the father of bee child." He bad not the slightest intention of Bar ing this when he first entered tbe aooriv bat something in his nature, which be bad aeyer tried to control, brought it out Be su neither ashamed of it nor apprehensive*! its results, but having said it, leaned'bMIc in his chair, proud, self-reliant, an4~taetf*acis tained. If he had been Uttertbgamoral sentiment be could not havebeea*3i|emallr more calm or inwardly :<l*tas iteltstelt -Kore than that, there was a oerkia lnjtued dignity in bis manner, as <he rose, withootglring the speechless and astonished woman before him chance to recoVSr herself, and " You your confidence has been wiisplaoed* You will be able now todetwmine *hat and whether! *mtfee pereonH . to aesWt^btt. I-can only *»y,Dotia Dotofes, thatl am reedy toact ttther tin - to tbe »<JenttfoatlontftherealCf orag^ivl^aavis^rl'Di,bbtb. ........ post befo VtoiirtifcYoom lie strode out tnto the «#nM»R fJl biB bone had been saddled he wotkl have token a sharp canter over the ; lOWihitls for exercise, pending the decision of his f#tr client, tmt it was tne hoar of the . xioofcday eitela and the court- yard was de serted. ;? He walked to the gate and looked across the plain. A fierce wind heldunin* ter^npted possession of earth and. sky. Something of its restlessness, just at that instant, was in Arthur's breast, and with a stance abound the corridor, and a momentary hesitation, as an opening door, in a distant fbit of the bnilding, suggested the possibility ef another summons from Dofla Dolores, he .topped beyond the walls. 