A fjpectral Scene- "Smiles," iu the Ipswich Observer, furuishos the following humorous sketch :— Tlio night was dark as Erobus, I'iutouian shadeB fell liko a funeral pail over tho Bleeping city, aud subterranean thunder rollod in tor- rifio rovorborations through tho night, while tnfuronto lightning swept tho weird horizon iu dazzling finshos that passed and left a denser darkness than licforo. I stood by tlio gloomv rivor, tlio wators lay boforo mo still and blnok as tho Stygian lalco whoro Charon sliims tho inky surface in his patont outrigger, nnd from out tho sombre depths there oamo an awful voieo, fearful as the Witch of Endor, nnd it suid — . " Joshua gib n bnrty— Where am Uutbnrty now I" Thon followed a' wild shout of unoarthly laughter, tho voico oonsod, and nothing dis. turbed tho stillnoss save the ooonBional spliiBh of tho dog-shark ns ho pursued tho swift-footed jow-fisli nrouud tho piors of tho Victoria Bridgo. Tho scone dissolvod boforo mo liko a spoctrnl panorama, and I was uslierod by a ghostly uiouinl into a ninnsiou standing by tho banks of the noblo rivor. Through a small window I looked into a Btntoly hall, whoroiu tlio singlo gas-light shed n spootral light. Tho 'door opoupd and in mnrohod tho lordly form of tho warrior of Port Curtis, followod by tlio majestic Joshua, tlio enrtaovrous Walsh, and tho lioroo M'llwraitli Palmer boro n conjuror's waud liko tho soreoror in tlio Masquo of Comus, nud thrieo ho struck it ou tho round tnhlo nnd thrico ropoatod tho nwfnl ' formula — " AGrn- cndnbrnl Pooahonlns 1 ' Hi presto, nnd hi nnnl'ftlnpihm lmano nanus antil >1<h..u £ < , y WWII0 OUUU ItlVUiUlU JUrUlU I Appear 1 appear 1 1 appear III1' At tho far oud of tho room thcro npponrcd n column of mist which roso nnd grow into n fcnrful slinpo, hnlf domigod, half iioud. Palmer : Wheneo nnd wlint nro thou, exo- ornhlo sliapo ? Roll : Approach mo as tho rugged Bnssinn rlunossoross. Tako any shnpo hut that ! Wnlsli : I riso to iv point of order, sir; nud rntlior than bo gnggod in this way I'll- Tlio terrific threat of tlio Wnrrcgonian was out short by tho spcctro cxolnimiug in n so- pulohrnl voieo : What wouUlst thou with tho shndos of Homosis ? Pnlmor. : Ono without n polioy. Call tin Qeorgo Thorn 1 , ' . Nomosis i Tho son of Thorn s advancing to' immortality. 6 Bolt": Tlien, ns Joshua of old, I eommaud tho son to. stand still 1 Nemesis : Truly n son, but ono uot wanting " n" (ybu)l (I wipod tlio cold dummy porapirntion from my forehead nL Ibis atrocious not.) Walsh : What miscreant half ruiuod tho colony with tho Brisbane cxtonaion ? NcmosiH : Let that sit lioavy on iliy rquI, 0), Walsh I Thino ho the guilt and thine- the ro- inorscloss doom I Docs tlio third Richard en- quire of the tato of tlio two prinoos? Walsh : I riso to u point of order, sir ; ami boforo you shall— — Nomosis : Ay, that point slinll he tlio point for tiino to point liiB slow unwavering ,fcy;cr Palmer: Cull up soma rolinbio gho3t >r)io onti tell us of tho future I Tho (lismnl figure vanished, nnd thcro appeared tho spootral form of nu old woman, i'nlmor : Who art thou old girl ? Spectre : Tho world hath callod mo Shiplou — Molhor Bhiplon I Tulinor: How long shall tho Thorn Minis, try stand? 'Spootro : iVe scire fas est omnia t Boll': She must bo talking ubout the Grango stud I ...... Palmor:' Noithor of us uudorstnud the Per sian lnnguago, old woman, so you had better explain. iu Saxon. Spootro : Thou hast muoli to niiswar for 1 , j Pulmor: I'll liavo mor.o yet, : if T don'il command a majority. Spcotro : Know yo that the millcniuin is-et hand ? rnlmcr: I boliovo thero must be somo stupendous organic oliaugo approaching v;hcn wo sou Tlioru as Promior, ami mon liko mo. with no powor hud only n.dozon half imbocilo supporters. Walsh : I riso to a point of order, sir ; nntKby the immortal inorino, I'll boo that — : — Spoetre ; 1881 I Bell : That is your milleiiiuin year. Who shall Go Promior at that nuspieious poriod ? Spootro : Goorgo Tlioru ? .wnlsli :'Sncrod Solforlno? (Palmar land Bell gr'oanod aloud ?) ' I...' Boll: Why does a r'tithlois dostiuy thus pors. cUto; tlio unhappy squhttdr ? ' Spootro':'"" ' :' '' " Saddled are tho stoods of fate ; They ehamp llio bit by Asgai'd gato ; T'lioir foam shall strow tlio realms nfar ; Guosts. to-day by summons aro To your Parliamont ?"' Pnlmor: Oh haug your soap and poetry I Tho'gods say ' tlioy host sucoood who dnro." I havo dared all that man. dnro do and havo not siiooeodod yet ; why is this,? . Spectre ; Why,' thine own acts shall rondor n niillcninm noccssary to rostoro you to' tho ruler's chair while you thus move " In poifcct plmlnux to tlio merino mood of M'Tlwraitli and Boll." . M'llwrnith : Canna ony man look gy and wool cftor liimsolf nltho' protouiu' to gaird tlio Stnto? Spootro (to Palmci) : Bownre that Cale donian 1 Ilis foot is not, upon .his nativo lienth nor is His namo Ma'ogrogor, Gut Gchinu that cnlm, somowliat cynical, . Gaelic coun tenance thoro lies n Sootclnhnu's brain which is ntnll tiinos too docp for Pnlmor and Co., nnd' "while Pnlmor. Bell nud' "others' arc all striving- frhiiticnlly for tlio "Premiership, the subtle, cool, calculating wandoror from the land of Brsao shall oithor win it for himself or take oaro that no clinngo is mado in favor of any ono clso, Walsh : I rice, sir, to n point of ' order, nnd will soo you ull to bin Kpcotre : Tho Works, will satisfy yon, doubt less ; but thy day is ovor. No more Brisbnuo extensions Blinll hold tho Government up to tlio gazo of nu admiring world, nor oau the land bctwocu Oxloy and South Brisbano bo bought with a aortainly on that lino prooooding, al though eouooivod by Hommant of tho 'noble soul, who at the same time discovered that ho wonld liko to possess livo hundred aoros iu tho truck of tho intended lino. Pnlmor : Shall my patriotism avail mo no-.< tiring— must I suffor from a lack of apprecia. tion ? Spootro: Parturient monies, lutseUur riili. cuius mus 1 Pnlmor: A monso that shall gnaw tho thorn from tlio branoh of powor 1 Spootro : Not so ; behold 1 A loug vista nppoarod, and at the far and wns an open portal. Ovor tho top was written tho words, " Ultra Sqnnttor, l'ltro Merino Purgntori 1 1" nud benenth woro tho words, " All hopo nbnudou yo who outor horo ?" Tliou M'llwraitli, Palmor, Boll, nud Wnlsli glancod at tlio ominous sontouea aud at caoh other significantly, " Thus yon soo," snid tho ghost, " tho nocessity of nbaudouing tlio Merino if you liavo any hopo of tho future," nnd tho shade vnnishodiu tho gloom of' night, lonving tlio woful squatters to tho solaeo of tho Snminu bowl. .Wnlsli .was rising to n point of order, when Palmer oould stand it no lougor nnd knooked him down with n bottlo, and tiio sceuo dissolved iu mist. . 