-' MUSICAL SOCIETIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Pay, Taro t exceedingly pleased to see? by t his morning' iVhlUB that someone. is about to produce Mozart's masterpiece, the 12th Mass. here, in a state, you say that has not been attempted in the colonies. As a hamper, but athenic. h lover of music, take- the opportunity -of asking why there is no large and good man al society here '; In c versatile with musical friends havaTeieiiediy asked the sneering. and received answers of which I think the featuring the most feasible. 1st. The want of agents building with an organ worth hearing. 2nd. The diffi acts- of getting the assistance of that portion of the public who live in the suburbs, owing to the- very defective travelling ace comedy turn they enjoy. 3rd. Professional jealousy, and the past are of allowing third and fourth race amateurs to " star" so frequently. I did not expect at all to find much- in Sydney occupying deposit on it; does in large provincial thwarting England, but I must certainly express my surprise. and deep regret to see how in his thin respect, we a e behind our southern sister. It was his privilege to hear last 'Good Friday Bach's Glorious Passion music performed in the Melbourne Town Hall with the great organ, full band of about 70 performers, and a chorus of about 300 voices constituting the Melbourne Philharmonic Society. The result was that that exi e -dingly difficult and classical music was rendered in an admirable manner, and -in this s iCieiT (now nearly twenty-five years- old has by its perseverance and energy, with the aid of other S'icjetie-, Discarded in raising very materially the musical taste of the community, the audience evidently thoroughly appreciated the work presented to them, Surely there is a duty of material herd to found a society of a similar kind. F nrii my inquiries I find that in a society in the city require- a y proof of musical ability in candidates for membership; in this, fro my twenty years' musical experience, I conceive to be a fundamental necessity if you are ever pr dance good music in a manner to satisfy any educated musical eir. As regards the question of amateurs, y a possess several who would be an of him not to the confession ; but. at the same time. I have heard many others who certainly should never be allowed by any c inductor to appear- before an audience. During my brief visit to Melbourne I made it my business to ascertain to what extent this wide-spread evil existed there, and I was very glad to find that at any leading concert that element was aim is invariably excluded, and consequently the professional talent had an opportunity of getting the against rats for which their studs s and experience qualified than. I write in no hypercritical or factious spirit, but simple with a view to draw public attention to a great educational want in this city; and I do most sincerely hope that these few thoughts may be the cause of same effortTjeing made to supply a hut want. Surely no reason need be shown as to the good such a society would see foolish, they must be patent to even the most superficial mind. In on lusty , allow me earnestly to urge, on those who by position t and ability soon d move in such a matter, that they will grasp the nettle, and not (as to hear has been so) often the case in Sidney) having put their hands to the plough, turn back at the first appearance of difficulty or annoyance. Yours &c;, HANDELS GHOST. July 17. \- I A MONSTER WALLAROO. For the last three or four years, a well-known "old man" wallaroo has inhabited a case in the moun- tains adjacent to Mr. W. Young s extensive sugar plantation, on Swan Brook. This wallaroo say, s the Glen Innes Examiner) has had many escapes from death, several attempts having been made to capture him, but all ineffectual. He has killed three of Mr. Young's dogs, and a fourth, named Bob, came home recent y bearing the marks of a sanguinary contest with the monster of the cave. A few days ago, two of Mr. Young's sons sallied forth with the faithful Bob, and paid the hermit another visit. He happened to be out doing a constitutional on this occasion on the vast estate which he inherited from his forefathers. Chase was given, and the wallaroo made for his den, where he " bailed up," and showed fight, determined to defend his citadel to the death, in which he showed a good example to the Continental nations, and having hung out his banner with no surrender" thereon, grappled with the enemy, old Bob, whom he caught in a loving embrace round the neck, and held for about an hour. Henry Young here rushed in to the rescue, and in doing so lost his footing, and slipped down the rocks, the loving couple rolling down in front of him. The rescuer then got within a yard of the combatants, and at this moment the wallaroo released Bob, and turned his attention to our young friend, Henry, who, at the critical juncture, levelled j the foe by a well- directed blow with a stick on the < head. The kangaroo measured was exactly six j feet. ' 