_..v Waiting for the Bride, Coding your heels in a vestry is nhout as ledioua e way of passing tho timo as man an. know. More tedious for tne, however Mrtnfor.Btophanus jfor Stcphanu9 is bride- HJoem. and has plenty to think about, Whereas I am only groomsman. Yes, to-day Jnyfriend Stephnnus leads to the hymeneal altar, Fanny, tho lovely and accomplished daughter of Blank dc Blank. Esq.; and in lis anxiety not to keep tbntf-irlfldy waiting, Stepbanus has d ragged me down to the church full half nn hour loo soon, and is now wearing smtthctimear.il the palish c.arprt by walk- ' ' ' ing 'about the vestrv in a eta to of nsrrons trepidation pitiful to behold. We are waiting for Ibe bride. "Now, I am accustomed to these things It is not the Hist time by many that I have waited ia a vcslrv upon a business like the ' present— don't misunderstand me, I mean only as second ; never, never an j.iin- tipal — so X r.in merely boreu j bulS lepbi-nns, ihe icro of the dnv", is of course plr.infully nerve ns, and welf lie inay be. It is not cat- enlated to at all calm a bridegroom's Heelings to bo told by the pr.rieh clerk — a man of icy -composure himself — that "the men are always the neivousest on these occasions," nor for the beadle to suggest, that a mouthful of water would do a power of good." Stepbanus is a man of hasty temper ; a parish clerk is always an ' irritating creature ; all the belter feelings of a man's nalutc incite bira to assault a beadle whenever practicable, so I interfere, suid in playful mood desire of Stepbanus bis opinion as to tho advisability of being married under chloref'.ini. "Slcphanus's wrath diverted Xrcm the officials by this sally is a t on oe directed against me ; and advising me. at any rate to try not to m.-.ke a fcol of myself, ho resumes hiB walk, indignant. Of course, were a reasonable crenlnre io give me BO offensive an answer as that, I should consider it necessary to take tbo mattor up j bnt as a man on the very verge of matrimony can scarcely bs looked upon in that light, I Bmile significantly at the 'beadle, and stroll into the church, I there observe, what I have often noticed at weddings before _ that many of the pews in the immediate neighbourhood of the communion table are filled with women, most of them middle-aged, but some older, ar.d some few younger. " \Yhe are those people in the pews there ?" I inquire of tho beadle. " "Well, shy'saysthe beadle, "if they aiu' your party'' " Certainly not," I interpose hastily. " Then," continues the beadle, they're people as takes a interest — a general interest in matrimony. We always has plenty of 'cm A general interest in matrimony ! Here is food for philosophical reflection. What kind of persons can they be who take such a general interest in matrimony as to attend strange weddings for the mere pleasure of witnessing the ceremony 7 Sn I call Step banus, and to divert his thoughts, point out to him the middle-aged occupants of the . pews,_give him tho beadle's utiswor, and then ask him what kind of people be supposes them to he. " What kind of people 1" replies Stepbanus in a Barege tone, the presence of these unin vited witnesses seeming to displease fcim highly ; " why, brokeudown bridemaids, of course." Now, altbongh this reply cf Stepbanus is . undoubtedly quick and pertiuent, and one which reason and sanity could scarcely so prosperously have been delivered of, yet at the Eame time it is offensive— very cifensive, I can't conceive of sueh a creature as a broken down bridemaid. Bridemaids, I remark- to Stephanus, are fairy things — sweet, gauzy, oharming beings— tores iu tho rosebud garden of girls — all that can be dreamed ol as pnrc, and blissful, and over young. I assure Stepbanus that for my own part I could as easiiy conceive of an old angel or a passe cherub, 03 of a brokendown bridemaid, and I venture to suggest to him that Buch a phrase as the one lie hr.B made use ol comes with peculiar impropriety from it man in his positiou. Add yet I confess to myself — for Step- Uke the poor craven bridegroom in Yonne Lochnivar, says never a word, but hetakca hi ma elf to a side aisle, which he paces more liko the misevffilo ghost of a . beadle than the happiest of men—I confess to myself that there are a few things even about bridesmaids that I _ could wish reformed. I could wish in tho first plyw. that tliey would not come up in iuob numbers as to fill one's bouse, and com pel tho proprietor to sleep at an hotel. But let that pass. I could wish that they would not make such a terrible fuss about a wedding , and that they would not consider the bride and themselves as the most important person ages id the business. I could wish that they " would notmake a poiut of remmdisg you by every word, look, and gesture, that tee wbolo ' sex is doing you an enormous favour in allow ing you to marry one of tiiem. It is not oeneroustokeep you so constantly in mind of the obligation under which you lie ; if indeed, it be an obligation, of which, however-1 Hot that point X v?ill not discnes. I could wish that they woult . .devote the days immediately -pre ceding the wedding to some other amusement than that of peiVic aciously snubbing every male thing that approaches them. We don't need, 'cq V So suspiciously watched, upon my vrord, we don't. We have no wish t-o sit upon bonuet-boxes ; .we ' 'nave no en\ designs against the bride's veil | we have no intention of maliciously destroy. " jng bouquets. What the actual advantage oi having such flimsy useless things may bo — But that would bring on quite another question. .: (To be Continued.) 