THE BIBLE MANIFESTO It is almost impossible to regard the edu cation question from a Catholic point of view, and to treat seriously the ' mani festo and expostulation' set forth by the Combination, for keeping the Bible iu the State schools. At first sight the move ment would seem to be one in the right direction. Any form of Christian teach ing, however darkened it may be by error and self-sufficiency, which sets its face away from the awful abyss of immorality to which the Secularists would hurry us, is preferable to a system which must in the long run land us in infidelity and na tional ruin. But, granting tor the sake of argument that the movers in this com bination are sincere in their professions, it is futile ot them to expect the Catholic body to support; a movement which is self-contradictory, sectarian, and essen tially non-Catholic in its vital principle. A very few instances will suffice to show our meaning. The manifesto tells us that it ' is imperatively necessary to combine to secure the introduction of the whole Bible into the State schools, with the view of wholly unsectarian Christian training.' All this no doubt sounds very plausible to those who are not in the habit of weighing words. But the question at once arises, How can a Christian training which is not Catholic be otherwise than sectarian? There is one religion which is acknow ledged by more than two-thirds of Chris tendom, compared with which Presby , terianism is but as a tea-cup to the ocean can any system propounded by them in contradistinction to the Catholic Church , be otherwise than sectarian ? Leaving this difficulty unprovided for, the mani festo goes on to lay down the most extra ordinary proposition we ever heard of, viz., ' that the fundamental principles of religion can be taught apart from creeds and catechisms,' We admit the possibility of their ignoring the forms, nay, even, the very articles of the three ancient creeds. But can we imagine any religious-teaching without some acknowledgment- of. belief? As well might they lay down that ' the Christian dogmas can he taught apart from any dogmatic teaching !'' What is the object of Christian teaching but that the child may believe, and in acknowledg ing his belief he is as much pronouncing a creed as a Catholic does when he says his Credo. What the combiners probably meant their followers to understand was that 'the- principles of religion can be taught apart from the Catholic creed' — a proposition which of course we altogether deny. 80 much for their principles. IMow for ! their proposals. There is much in. tlie ? ' manife.sto and explanation 'winch Ctlho- ! lies would heartily commend if taken in ! their own sense, but which they must con- denm when taken in the sense intended. We acknowledge that ' Christianity is based on the word of God,'' that the ' word of God is the standard of religion and morality,' and we would place ' tiie word of God as the authority in every school in New South Wales.' But, un fortunately for the Combination, when the Catholic Church speaks of the word of Gods she means something very different from what the Presbyterians mean They mean an erroneous translation of a certain portion of the Canon of Scripture. We mean the whole Bible, together with that body of truth which God has planted in the bosom of His Church. But further, the combiners ' would guarantee by law the right of reading without note or comment.' Here again is an obstacle to their securing any support; from the Catholic com munity. Catholics know that the book, which of all others is most difficult to understand, which if misundeivtood may bear fruit in a miserable eternity, in which each of the hundred heretical bodies pro fesses to see its own distinctive creed — that the Bible at any rate cannot be safely trusted in the hands of any child without ' note or comment.' In a word we dis- agree as to the meaning of the very terms employed, and as to their application to the case before us. We disagree as to the meaning of the 'Word of God.' and even if we did. agree, we could not send our children to their schools unless there was some teacher present, compe tent to explain those difficulties with which the Bible abounds. But there is another consideration which must make every Catholic very cautious bow he regards this Combina tion. It is a curious question — Why was it not called into existence until it was as clear as noonday that the League had not a ghost of a chance of carrying its infidel programme : Many of its most ardent supporters had long been reputed as sup porters of the League ; what was ifc that led to their sudden conversion ? It i may be that some of the Leaguers are honestly ashamed of themselves — ashamed of finding themselves fighting under the banner of Infidelity. Or it may be that the vote on the second reading sud denly opened their eyes, and they have decided to make those concessions which will enable them to carry as much of their principles as they can. Either of these is possible, but we fancy that neither is probable. It is far more probable that the leaders of this movement are secretly ; playing into the hands of the League. After Mr. Greenwood's ' private ' letter to Dr. Barker, we are bound to be sus picious. The League see that some sop ' must be thrown out to catch the Catholics aad Anglicans. They cannot .countenance any form of Christian teaching without denying their first principles. The Presby terians, therefore, are useful to do what they cannot do. The proposals about Bible- reading are so utterly impracticable, and will lead to such contention that it must in time be dropped. By tMs time the League will have got more than half the programme, and it will not tihen be so very difficult in forcing the other half on the country. Everything about the new movement is suspicious — the names of its promoters, the time of its organization, the vagueness of its terms, the attempt to seem fair to all parties while really they are trying to undermine the tights of three-tenths of their fellow-citizens. The conduct of the League has forced us to be suspicious, and the manifesto of the Com bination affords us no reason why we hould alter our policy. St. Maey's Cateedeal Building Fund. — On Sunday- evening the usual weekly meeting was well attended by both subscribers, collectors, and the general public. Now that the Eev. P. J. Mahoney has returned to the Cathedral, we have no doubt considerable impetus will be given to the collection, and the attendances on Sunday evenings much improved upon. Mr. J. Muffins, J.P., acted as treasurer, and was sup ported on the _ platform by Dr. M'Donagh, Messrs. J. QurLis, J. H. Lang, J. Horan, J. B. Blanoh;ivij and Uio clergy of the Cathedral. 