PABXS. (FBOM OUR OWN COBBBSPONDKNT.) Nnvoinhar V7 THEATRES. Vaudbvuxb. — " Lee ScradaleB d'Hier," comedy in three acts, by Theodore Barri&re.; The scandals shoot which the author writes are not onlv those of s vefiterdav — feev are those of to-day, as they will be those of to morrow. In the present case the scandals are, a yonng woman oompromieed without committing any fault, and the victim of worldly calumnies. An honest merchant is rained, and his reason disappears with his shipwrecked fortune; his only daughter, Julie, has been taken as reader by the Mar quis de Iapari and his wife, at a fancy salary. They were her friends, and desired to provide her with a home. Her gracefulness and modesty attract numerous suitors belonging to the aristocratic world; two dispute her hand, TiUediea and Fresnay ; she dismisses the first, and marries fee second. Tbe mar riage takes place despite fee protestations of the husband's noble family and relatives. Julie is presented to her mother-in-law, who is a duchess, and instead of hating Julie, she ia conquered by her manners. Her entry I Into fee world is not so fortunate. Hardly has Julie passed the threshold of her first ball-room than husbands whisper and yonng men titter, mothers drew their daughters j aside at her approach, ladies hide their faces 1 under their funs, her plaoe is taken without I an apology being offered, and others pnr- j posely block her passage. She eBcapes, die- 1 tracted, calls her carriage, and returns home. 1 In the meantime her hnsband has exchanged j cards with no less than five gentlemen who j insnlted his bride : better, he has picked np J a reporter's tablet, on which was noted fee I history of hie wife's scandal. Turning the j reporters thus to account is something new j in dramatic literature. The evening that j Julie refused THledien's offer, fee latter de- j parted in low spirits, and wandered for a I long time sadly in the Park Monoeaux, oon- j venient to where Julie lived. After some I time he saw her come to the window, open it, and look ont. A few minutes later a man descended by that window, and, hardly had he reached the ground, : when Jntie returned and sbnt fee window, j This discovery changed Yilledien and cored j him. Some months passed away, till Yille- I dien, on paying a visit to fee Visconntesse de Milan, -who was formerly Fresnoy'e mie- Jnlie. Then the Yiscomtesse, in revenge for being deserted by Fresnoy, Bet off at onoe to every salon to publish the scandal. Hence, j tress, divulged what he had seen respecting I Julie's reception in the world. Her hnsband j does not doubt her innocence, nor his mother | either, but it ie necessary to have an erplana- tion. The scene where she Btrnggles to recall the incidents of that night is very effective ; | he remembers having been sent by the Mar- I qnise de Lipart to seek a bottle of perfume in I fee salon ; when she returned, she found ber bedroom window open, and closed it. Jnlie I at once sets off wife her friends to see fee I Marqmse. and point-blank addresses her, j after reciting fee incidents, "That evening, a man escaped by my window ; it is neces sary to know, was he your lover or mine ?" The Maiqnise becomes confused, bntoonfesses ehe is guilty, end a diplomatist present cor- j roborates her in fee most gallant manner by | avowing it was he who escaped by fee win- 1 dow. The first act is poor, fee second amnsing, and fee last, highly dramatic. Or dinarily, Barriers Is mordant and ironical, fee pitiless satirist of fee Juvenal type; in j fee present instance he is more sentimental than tender. There are plenty of witty ihraees, and some fantasy mixed wife fee teeneet observation. The toilettes of fee actresses were so snperb as to provoke | applause, which was very bad teste ; the in terpretation was slow and- grave, instead - of being rapid and brilliant, bnt this did not prevent Mile. Pieison (" Jnlie "J from win ning a triumph. She is an excellent artiste, bnt will never be a great actress. She has arrived at fee point where genius commences, and will remain there. Beaton " Fresnoy ") j was also very successful. I GtmnaBE. — " Ferreol," comedy, in four sots, by Victories Sardon. This is not a comedy, but a judicial drama, and one of the j most sombre imaginable. It is said to be founded on a novel by Jules Scandean. Bnt j dramatic ideas once in circulation belong to j everybody. For three hoars tbe spectator is I interested and charmed at once; for Sardon is | the most amnsimr of amnsers. The nlot is 1 commonplace, bnt in the science of arrange ment, and of details, the talent of fee author appears without a rival. A money-lender has been murdered by a gamekeeper named Martial ; an officer named Ferroel, who had been given an assignation by fee judge's wife, has witnessed tbe perpetration of fee crime, bnt be cannot denounce it, ag that in volved the dishonour of fee lady, and Mar tial Is aware of their rendezvous. Silence then for silence. A young gentleman named Dubouscal is arrested, because he had bills discounted by the deceased, and these are ; precisely fee bills that are missing ; besides, he cannot establish an alibi. Martial does I not know him, but prefers feat an innocent j man be victimised, rather than have his wife's dishonour exposed. But Dubouscal is i Ferreol's friend, and Ferreol and fee judge's -wife have nunlvfid MnfAM rtthnp fhsn see an innocent man die. Ferreol goes to fee court, learns from the prisoner's counsel that an acquittal is certain, so he waits. But Dnbonscal isfonnd guilty, whereupon Ferreol writes to fee judge confessing he is fee real mnrderer, be fens hopes to save fee lady from rain. Ferreol ia examined, is confronted wife Martial, and the latter be lieving he has been denounoed, lets fall some expressions; feat the jndge seizes, follows np, and leads Martial to a fall con fession of Ins crime. On bang lodged in prison. Martial eommits suicide. The judge, satisfied that his wife was imprudent and not culpable, pardons her. Sainton never has displayed greater art than on fee present occasion, in tbe precision with which tbe ; facta are exposed, and the Bobrioty of fee: situations; each scene is a multitude of! movements, dexfcnroualv and harmonionslv directed; tbe dialogues are delicate; witty, and elevated.- Tbe agonising tronbles of Ferreol and his lady-love, are terrible, and fee examination scene of Martial is a superb triumph of juridical skill. In a pi«> of thic kind, one is not expected to find either a study of character or a tableau of manners. Concede to Sardon a few improbabilities, and be will ever compose the most amusing plays; only the spectator must have fee air to ba- heve fee whole matter to be eerions, as Sardon pretends himself. The first act is very charming, and fee second ia full of emotion. Sardon must divide his B access - MOStC. tOLns-DEAKAHQURs. — "Le Pompon." b three acts. masie by Charles The composer is far from being as toppyin thm production aa in his" Fillede omSltTi, ?nd "Girofl-Girofia" operates fall of gay melody, easv brio and sparkling vivacity. The "PomStf" fa. ho w- tlui? f music, and Is Intended works shaU have beeu " Fn"- » P»le reflection of and fee scene is laid in | i70 Piccolo is a young Sorter, who has had fee happy chsiceof ! relhngto Iffe fee favourite of fee Viceroy, j ku We SVS V CMria«e ateideni. He «murellmself, and at a kedbaU lis Palermo, has won fee hearta SST .fete? young maidens, for one nei wi-f j8 he has a decided weak- ni Acafe he encounters ? rtdte bandits, TSvolini, who wears ertabliab no case rf mistaken-identity, having Wundhim, BoheuSS is sentenced to die. His three loves implore fee Viceroy to psrdan him, Wad the "fa- 1 voorite, -to console him, passee a night wife tern fa hw rail. Dwiftdi nf tofecj scaffold tbe reel Tivolioi is arrested, and Piccolo is liberated. Hie first aotietocall npon his three graces, and to thank them for their interest in him; then, to ascertain which of them was bi« masked visitor. They are shocked; but the favourite slips the plighted ring he gave ber es a promise of marriage, to Fioretta, who duly becomes hie wife. The score is opers-comique of the old form ; there are a few dance melodies. The overture is written carefully, and there are a few pretty aire in tbe first act, snngby Fioretta, and which are the beat. The seoond act ia not so happy, fee brindim, by which it terminates, is alone effective. _ There are a few pleasing melodies in fee third act, foil of poetic colour, elegant barmeny, and a mysterious instrumentation. It is a very droll scene, where ttaejcbambertainss bring fee Viceroy hiB wedding garments, bit by bit. The choruses were good, save that of the bandits, who wanted spirit and life, though feey were waiting to be hanged. Little fee pnblic regards what name is given to fee music provided it amUBea them, and from this point of view it is right. It is feus that the " Eeine Indigo" has been revived before a fall bouse. It is not a piece, it is an exhibition of girls ; the masic con sists of pretty waltzes and polkas, for Strauss imitates Offenbach. All is absurd, bnt the spectators laugh heartily and enjoy feem- Eolvee much. National Opera.—" Hamlet " has been at last produced here, wife Faure of course | in tbe idle of fee Prince ; never did tbe | famous barytone eo successfully interpret that formidable part, or produce so profound au impression. Many consider fee esplanade | scene fee beat iu the score. However, io ad- I dieaaing fee Ghost, . it is Impossible for art to display greater contrasts in the shades by which Farms phrases each sombre invocation, where the inflections of the voice, and fee truthfulness of fee gestures ooncur so power- folly to scenic illusion. Mme. Carvalho, as | Ophelia, made of that character a new crea- tion, absolutely personal, and quite different from Mile. NUsson'e Ophelia ; Bhe imparts to its character less strange, but more true; she astonisheqj less, and charms more ; it is a happy alliance of naivett in expression with perfect art in execution. The ballet, " F£te da Printemps," was ad mirably danced, full of spirit and petulant talent. The Sunday Popular Concerto occasionally produce some new symphonies, bnt none of a nature to call for special remark. TASHIONS. The age of gold was symbolized in antiquity by a yonng and beautiful woman, iu golden robes, holding iu her hand a bora of plenty. The age of gold seems to have returned : the ladies appear to have only golden toilettes ; in any case these are splendid ; costnmes and hate covered with gold, collars and bracelets in the same precious metal ; belts and sashes of gold, and galoona of gold over every seam — and, as If all this were not Jswjiug enough, there are huge crescent ear- rings in gold, and chains for the neck resembling that of Lon don's Lord Mayor. The best way to avoid falling to fee age of iron is not to be dazzled and dazed by all this glitter. The cornucopia is embodied in the shops, which are crowded wife very handsome articles,' artistically arranged of course, and bb tempting as fee forbidden frnitof old. There are magnificent figured silks, in flowing and light patterns, in deli cate or sombre shades, juvenile-looking or sedate. Three tones generally predominate — dauphin and Nile green, violet and pale rose, brown and straw, & c. A very elegant evening dress, that has been much admired, consists of a training innon in dannhrn velvet over Nile green silk; the aide ie raised sufficiently high, over a false jnpon in plain velvet, corresponding in colour to tbe jnpon already mentioned; a drapery of pale blue faille, with lace, ornaments the part raised. The corsage is low-bodiced, and square in front, and is made of plain velvet ; trimmings, bine faille laoe. Hats are ex cessively masculine in appearance; and are loaded wife plumes, rather than feathers; the latter becomes fens very dear. The white felt Jinbena has fee feathers placed very much behind, imparting a bold look to fee hat. It is all very pretty, but too loud. The "Prince — not fee Princess, remember — of Wales" is garnished wife ten smsllfeatherson fee summit, and falling coquettishly on tbe sides. It ought only to be worn by young persons, and in a carriage. There are other hate more sedate; with soft crowns and doable curtain, trimmed behind with a tuft of falling feathers, with strings, &c.;, tying in front. Bibbons are very general and very rich, often fa two shades. These auxiliaries of elegance are a necessity for finishing an evening toilette. This, with aumptuons pas sementerie of embroidered losanyes ia gold and silver, leaves nothing to be desired. The high corsage for evening wear tends still to mount higher ; the sleeve, however, is very often transparent, fa white tulle, &c.;, with lace enire-dettx. However, this fashion cannot be considered as eleeant. It is a oontrariie. ion for a lady to have fee ahonlders covered and fee arms bear. The Russian corsage is again coming into favour, wife ite Urge plaits. -White and cream are colours largely to be met with, and forming fee of many toilettes, and ate associated wife I trimmings of dark velvet Sea-blue and plum are fa request for infante and girls, with white galoons or piping. 