A STOBY OF CBANBORBE CHASE. Aucosr in the eeotn of Cranbome Chase, onee put of the New Forrest; and winch, as late a IBS8, conUioed some twelve thousand deer, looked after by six rangers under the order* of lard Waters, (ben stands, seven miles from Cranborae, a small poblic-hoine called the Bald headed Stag, with half a damn keepers' and shepherds' houses to keen it ennoT. Up one of the lav grassy tneta, which are called in Wiltshire 'ox drives,' and n»nda shoulder oTtfae rolling down where three law lines of grass; rampart ahswed that a atomau f* camp bad once Mood, came a sturdy young keeper, bj» trmry ago on his ahootder and hie dog at bin heels. Hewae a Sne well-lout yoong fellow of, say. i hree-aod-tarenty : Ms bee eurewd and deBint ; fait step Inn aid light His old brown Velvet shooting jacket was rubbed .bite an the Tight soouluer, end he worn in his grey fcltn.t. which m girt with (root flies, a little green tuft from a Kne-Esbet'e wing. His flesh had (bat peculiar hardness about it Out implies perfect health, and be looked round with that sort of sDounand that supervisor! acquire, as he ?canoed the woodlands and copses scattered ben and (here below him. Die slightest thing seemed to catch his eye : ? toft of lark*, feathers, when a. hawk bad been feeding -,» few scattered badger's bain j a fresh mole-bin ; and the print of deer's liet, or a acrsp of rabbit', for he observed and noted as be passed. Once he stooped, and eat'down on a little grassy mound, which a wheatear vacated far him, to scrape out his black brier-root and quietly reload, while his dog aearchsd the next tussock of dry grass lor a rabbit, and just then an old gentleman rode around the corner of die camp and pulled up hil none when he saw him. ' Young Game,' as the keeper was always called, touched bis wideawake with the fore finger of fan right band. ' Don'c y»u stand op in tius country when yon meet a, gendeman P' eaid the ranger, petu lantiy. at the same time striking one of Jus gaitered legs with hu 'crop.' 'Oaly when wo fawn 'em, muter,' said George, rising drilly as he addressed the ranger. t' I bow enry one round here; but you be a stranger to me.' wDoyouidlemuchofyoaroiine«wBysBBoldng like that, my friend?' inquired the (danger, ebsrpjv. M What right have you to inquire how Ispend my time, mister,' said George, a Uttie 'op' at 4ns interference. ' If yon want to know, this is my mealtime, and I ehoow to spend it smofcmg. Don't yon nerer spend lime 'Tou're an hnpertiaent fellow,' broke out the geitlemso, in * fery, 'and I beg to teD you I am Herbert Harormrt, Esi), of Beauehunp lodge, (he new ranker, and I have power to dmntas you or any atber insolent beeper from bu post at one word. I am not going to let things go to roin u my predecessor did. The poachers kill the deer here, I sun told, with im punity, and ell owing to lazy fellows tike you.*' ** There baa been no buck ever snot in mv fralfc,' said George, brieHing up, and throwing hhgoncanlenlv on his right «haoUer. 'The one kflled a fortnight ago was in Woodgates Walk, old Joe la- vison's walk.' ' Oh, then yon hare not heard,' said the new ranger, ' that a buck ww killed last night, nota mue Cram Dewberry Hinge?' ?'So, sir, I hire not' u There was. then, and the forequarter was found in a hollow tree near the big oak in Bush men. Walk. His lordship is very angry, and dedans hell turn away the next keeper who loses a deer from bit hat There iseennivance with this gang suspected somewhere, and we mustget to the bottom of it I am a stranger ben, but they teU me that a rascal named Black Jack, of Woodgatas, actaslly makes a living, sSling and selling bis lordship's deer, and some ?it least, of the keepsn are conniving at the robbery. Were you at (be Kg Oak last fright? Bushmen Walk is in your best, I think. It is aet down so in (he book they showed me this rooming.*' 'JJuatanare tat in or waft, '*aM George, boldly, not flinching s hair's breadth ; « but last week lord Waters sent and ordered ns all to change about ;eo old Boiton took Rushmere analtooa Wnodgatea. There has nerer been a deer, air, failed in any walk I've had since Fre been ben.' 'Perhaps eo, perhaps so; but, I Can tell all you keepers, thugs an not going on as they ban gone. Fm going to hare better watch, loose rascals learn yoor beate from some of you. Sow come, don't you enr get talking at the pabUcbonse about the line yoo're goinr. to take at night, with dmatB and brags of what you'll do if yonneetadeeMteaVer— now, come!' ? Nerer, sir !' said George, quietly. 'I don't toll even my orn lather die line I'm going to take. I make it a role.' 'And hare you no sweetheart— come, now — that you sometimes talk to about it, and who, perhaps, goes and tells some Mend of these ''Ssorge's cheek slightly reddened, as he polled about the dog-whietie at bis button-hole, end made no reply; (or the fin* was, he often toU pretty Hetty Dawson where he should be in the Chase at a certain hour, tint be might meet her on her way home from Shattesbury Market. In half an bom's time such a pleasant little meeting might, indeed, not improbably take place at Duncsstle King, Ah! I see; I've bH it at last. Bo you men go and tell your sweethearts, and (hey teU their other lovers, who teU some of the gang, and so my lord's deer get killed.' The youngkeeperVi cheek flushed quick and angrily. ' Hei%' he esid— ' I mean the only young woman I ever mention my walks to — has no other loren ; and notlung; I am enre ever _ escapes her lips.' ^_ 'Ob, of course not! women are so reliable, *9s and rjeverhaw two strings to their bmra! Take \- myadnce— teO no one ; for so cure as another deer is killed, and the poacher not eanght, ew»y' go the whole lot of you, and Til try some of my Yorkshire men from the estate which I've j been superintending. I win not an men who an in correspondence with deer- poachers.' ' There is no stain on my character, air,' said the yonm; keeper, proudly. ' I've never been found off my past fee seven years Fve been here.' ' I on only judge (ram what I find now,' esid the ranger', deputy; 'and it is as bad ae bad can be. Iiyao had been *U Border men, there wmdd have ben none of this shameful deer-stealing. Now, mind what I have emid: those who can't obey me go. £eep to your own walk to night, and I'll send and US old Bolton to keep to his. IT1 hare none of ttus piecemeal bunaee*.' Aod so saying, the angry Jaek-in-ofiee struck the handsome ebestnnt cob be rode with bis crop, and daabed off straight across the Downs at a sharp canter. He left the yooog keeper a thoroughly ouhappv man — his pride hart, bis WajpiCioneronBedjlas^iNiiiOnDf menkiud lowered. If honest service broazbt no better return than tins, and tiie reports of each men were to be all that lord Waters heard, what ehanee bad he of ever rising from (be ranks ? How came the deer-poachers to get intelligence of tbe keeper's walks? Which was the Hack sheep among hie feUow-? It cooid not be, sorely, honest old Boltoo or fiery Ned Holmes, who had been nearly Hied in a poaching fray, or silent Fred Hume, who spent sH his time tapping by uim eelf? A sudden thought struck him. He would not cross into old Bolton'e walk, when: Dnn caslie Rings were, but be would climb the bill above the camp, and, if be saw signs of Hetty on her way from market,, signal to her to come A few minutes' ran brought him to the top oT the highest wave of the Down. Here he waited and waited, ranging over the valley and scanning every rabbit that flashed from Gone to furze, and erery erow that alighted within five hundred yards. Suddenly, a little figure ran round the shoulder of the ring of Druidiol ?tone*, and waved haodkerehkt Geoige started, and held op his gun ; and down the figure eame into the valley, and op the hffl to the camp. He etrode down to meet her, and ehe, rosy sitn the run, came laughing towards him. ' Why, bow late joa ut, George,' aha saio, lover, I'm sure, to Jet me wait np then ten minutes j and Fd prepared such a aul'puae for you. Td hidden behind the big atone, ready to jump np like a ghost when you eame into the Bi-ig. Oh.Ueorge, eggs are so nice and dear at 8hsfiesbury to-day, and I get eueh a lot of money tar Auntie. But you don't look your self to-day; you're not iDf b'a (list horrid night-watching in the cold.' ' Tee ;I've been vexed, Hetty. The ranger's new deputy has been rating me about Hie deer poachers. There was another buck killed last night, up by the Big Oat' ' But Out was not your walk, George, last mgbt.' ' No, not mine. Old Bolton, you remember I told you, would exchange last night. ItV that Black Jack again. Hetty, Td ei« a year', wages to have my finger, on (hat man'a ' Oh, George, don't look like that. I never like to see you look like that. Ton did once, do yon remember, when you were jealous with me for epeakme to Black Jack, and accepting his present at Stlittmrc Fan.' 'It would make you look ao, Hetty, to be suspected bv a stock-up fellow like that ; and, you koow, I would rather cut off both my hands here, «t once, than mil myself op with rascals like Black Jack and Us gang, and kae my fbsrarter witi Lord Waters. Now listen hen, Hetty,' He took her hands aa bespoke, and eat her down beside him on (he grass. 'Is ft anything very aerouu,' said Hetty, laughing. 'Am I going to be pot on mv oath like peopleet the 'Siw.?- 'Don't Isngh, Hetty; it is really very serious,' said George, etui folding her hanos firmly in bis, acd looking straight into her dear, brown eyes. A TeU me, hsve you mentioned to any one that I and old Bolton were to change oar watts last nigntf The deer-stealers have heard of that. They can do what they like with him. You know how he drinks.' laughed Hetty, snaking her lover's hands op and down. '?'Ytt, resllr.' 'And you wont be very, very sngry if I ten you? ' Of coarse not, Hetty ; how coald I be angry with yon?' 'Well, then, I did ; bnt don't ask me who.' Then was a eraOe of good natnrod mischief in her eye, aa she looked down and then up. ' But I auut know who. Thai is ell 1 have to work upon.** ' Oh, it wasn't a deer-etesler. Don't imagine it was Black Jack!' 'Ho. I am sure it wasn't, Hetty. But now tell me, Hetty, for Fm mad to get a dae to these fellows.'' 'Mast I ?' said Hetty, coaxinglf. ** Sou smut ; if you love me, yon most.*' ** And you won't be vexed or angry ?' 'No. Why should I? Tdl me at once.' ' You'll be angry.' 'Never mind. lell me. I feel sure it will give me some due. I know it is on the strength of this the villains went to Knshmere.' 'Ostft you guess?' ' Then it was my unde from tie Baldheadeo' Btas.' ' Tour uncle !' gasped George, and his hand shook so that bis gun almost dropped. ' Xnen that', when they meet. I suspected it.' 'And is this the way you are going to leave me?' pouted Hetty, with a pretty aflectation of injured dignity, as George prepared to depart. «ies a matter of life and death, Hetty ; and if yon love me you wouldn't teep me. I shall »e or bear of these rascals at the Bald-headed Stag' 'Oh, do not go after them. That Black Jack will km you. He feats nothing.' ' lib moee do I, Hatty. Then, good-bye,' and be clasped her in bis arms. -? I think I'm on tbeir track now. Wish me success.' ' I do, George, I do T and as the young keeper apraugdosm the hiU, Hetty sat down on the grass and burst into tears. j A few minutes more, and joungGeorge stood j at (hedoorofthe Bald-headed Stag. He stepped | quickly into the parlour of the little village pabVc-nome and looked round. All bis sos two keeper, and balfa dozen disreputable loaferc, sat old Bohan, hie teuow keeper, very drunk. By die fire, with his back to -he door, sat Dawson, the landlord, Hetty's' node, in dose confabulation wish a short, nd-bearded mm, ; well known as a comrade of Black Jatfk, the i deer-poacher. ' | ' Why, it's our young Garge,' said old Dolton , : steggerin£ ?p to him and slapping him on the | shoulder ; ** come and bave some yeO ; there*, j no yell like B.!d-bea4ed Stag's ™ these 'ere part), and we've had ranger hen tins morning, swear- | ing away about that back that was Hied Tester- 1 day; and I told him it waa the one lord Wolverton's bound, worried when they eame here, and that he'd never get over it. But be said, ' All very well ; but that don't account for die hind quarter being gone ;' eo t no aod told him, Chat very lately jtm fa*a tiieu SliaA to the1 kenne* to give to the yonods. X tricked 'un at [ but, didn't I, Uaster Dawson ? 8tuck up fool ! : telling people their dootiet, who know 'em better | than be does. I say, George, if you ever eomes ] across Black Jack in one of those businesses, you take my advice — square it as I do.' The batf-dmnken compafuona of tbe old . keeper cheered this eantenee, and called j George to share tie pot wWi (hem. ' We don't change walks tOHiigbt, George,' | said old Bolton, £Qmg a long pipe with a ehaky : hand, **eo yoa needn't go *baek till cask, j Ranger has ridden off Salisbury wiy. to see ir ! he could trace the venison jb-rt, bless yer! that's | at Damon-town by this time.' | Ta not drink was yon, Saitoh,' esid George, 'nor with your companions either. They're not the aort of men I want to associate ?Tth. I'm slier the men you signalled to just now. Dawson, I ask you, in lord Waters'* name, was not one ot those men Black Jack ? Your lease is nearly up j and I warn yon that unless yon (ell me tbe truth, I wiD indict you as an aider and abotter of deer-poachers. All I want to koow is, was (hat Black Jack you eig- j naUedto, «nd1he -way fee is gone?' 'Now, don't ee go afar him, George; now, don't «e,' maundered the frightened landlord j ' he's a dead shot, and be*, sworn bell kfll tbe first man who lays hands on nun. He said it of yon, not bah* an hour ago, 'n tjbis very room. I like yoa, lad, and my niece Hetty likes f on. Sow. don't throw your UJe away like Out, for Jack is a desperate feUow when his blood's up. Tab my advice -.let weU alone, or Jack'tt shoot » dead, as if yon wen only a wud esf~' ' Then it ns Black Jack ; and TD have him,' aaid George, erindiac his test* ; 'you mind my gnu, Bolton, for f won't be driven inta murder.' *- 1 wouldn't, George; he'd think no more of ?hosting ee than though you wen a stoat.' cried old Bokon. 'Do sal do— -equate it. Sere, men, hold him back ; it's murder to let him go. Who'll mind our families if we get shot f The men closed round George, and tried to detain nhn with friendly grip, with coaxing and by force ; but George struck tbem asimder, flew to the door, and was down the toad and over the hedge in a 'wMiynf, like a deer, in tbe direction he bad seen die sigaal waved. 'I always thought they were a bad kit at Waodgates,' be thought to himself ae he stood and rested, holding on to a young saplin beech ; ' but I didn't flunk they had been bought over in a lamp like that, and then the whale gang will drop asunder. He's seared them ell, and if I could nab him, who knows if I might some day get head-keeper and live with Hetty in that fine hwe at Cranbonie f One cantget even a prise without a tosseL** It was about five o'clock, and vny hot, and George balf thought it might be as well to go and get a cup of tea, at a friend's dose by. before starting on a four or five bum* search. The Ud half turned back towards Woodgatea, when, looking down over (be covert from eome high ground which commanded a view, he happened to cast his eyas Dp to the right towards Stock Corpse bedgerow,~when be aaw two men walk ing slowly up the side of it, and one, as far ae he could dicUngaiih at such a distance, bad a gun over his arms. With no longing now for the cup of tea, George at once stripped for work, threw off hie ehootingjscfcet, bung it on a bough, the position of which be noted, and started off iu pumat. There was a great prize to win, whatever tbe risk Bright be. Bight across the fallow skimmed George, and in a moment was in the gap, and brnahtng away tbe hazels, when, to his surprise, he almost butted a. man, who was qmetty standing there upright, smoking a pipe, and with both hands in his pockets. *' Ah!' thought George to him self, ' this fellow is staying here to screen tbe other, and that other u Black Jack, I feel sore, and have him I will if I can keep m; body amd sou] together ; so here goes.' And brushing past the ^*»^^i. who grumbled something sullenly, he passed through tbe gap by bis side, taking no notice of him. at aD. When George emerged into Hie Kgbt, anS got into the stubble field, then was no glimpse of the man with tbe gun, but he pushed across the field, and presently, at the comer of a copse, be caught sight of some anecraepxog along nnder a. hedge abant fotxr bundred yards ahead, and directly he aaw George be rose up and pushed into a brisk walk. Now there happened to be eheep folded in that field, and there were several lines of hurdles running across tbe very path he had to go. ' These at least wOl check m; Sne fellow,' thonght Georee ; but, as be eame up to each hurdle, over tbe man went like a bock. George conW see him now; it was Black Jack, the man who had seventeen of Lord Shaftesbury*a keepers after him at one time and had outran ) them all, as be had publidy boasted he could j do. But let tu teU this part of theatory in young George's own identical words : ' When I saw it was be,' said George, ' I almost (-ave it op as a bad job. He arse so far m advance of me, whii all them sheep fanrdles in between, and naar and then be looked round in a moddng kind of manner, as much as tossy you an a stout man if you think to take me ; and be seemed st- linome iike, and so active, that I verily thought I aboald have bad to pat it off for that daf at least. But, somehow, I considered within myself that I would Dot aDow him to c«st me ; and I was a youngish man then, sir, and not easily daunted by anything, so I took a resloutoin to follow him, come what woold. In a lew moments I bad bundled through the hurdles, and scrambled through an adjoining hedge, and looked about me for my man. Sim I beheld at a good distance ofi*, making bis best pace to outrun me at once, and and so get off dear. I started behind, and did my best, but it w»s trying work over the heavy land. I thmlglitatooetimethatlshouldnever make the distance shorter between us, bat by degrees I got bearer, ao near that I eould hear his laboured breathing and puffing. 33ns £ave me eome encouragement, xnd I continued to follow, though at several vsrds behind hoping to snap him by-and-br. You may fancy that at this time I was ntrt altogether in a state to keep op the chase, and if ft had not been fora feeling that I would take him, if possible, I could not have reserved many minutes longer in iouoa-iog. ^_^fl A few minutes mon brought us both to a place^tMP on tbe Blandford-raad, having run lour m3|^^^r andIwuetiujoggingon,tlunktngbowI-^^^L-^ ^ eetup to bin. All of a sudden best^HT ^M short and turned round, st£heaasje^^HEe- ^^^k ?eating his gun full at my body, eweasaVaa faeJaB-.H did eo, that if I came nearer be would fee ^^^V me. The gun was cocked alljjie (jmak^^^^r loaded with twelve slugs (aa^£wsrdc ^^^J tainad). Almost imiaedaaTK boweva^^r don't {know what made hhnTeaitate— be Tfc forward again, all down through an entrench ment I was gaining on hisj— I fdt it. My blood was up; [ would have him, and was al ready within ten yarda of him, by dint of sheer straggling ; a few minutes more, aod 1 should come to dose qoartera. I looked np and aaw him again facing me — (he gnu pointed at arj head, and his eye looking along the barreL I apian* forward .nd knocked op the gun wits one hand, and rammed the finger, of my other in his nd necs-naodfcereher. ?'Sot a word was spoken : bat Jack knew he had to fight for it, or hi hour had come, and to * it we went, sir, hot enough I can teU you. Witi bis beavy-tipped boot, be kjeked at my lees, every kick cottine; me aa if you bad ?l«al*f* them with a reaping-book. Tbe bones wen hare before we bad been ten minutes at it, and be leiped and straggled like a mad bnu, ano cursed himself, no doubt to himself; for not having fired when he had bad the chance. I thought, when I tried to pinion turn, that be would have torn my two arms oft', and I had to beat nun heavily in the face befon I eould quiet him and get his gun from him and in my left hand, andhoU him last with the otber.asl tried (I was far from home) to drag him to ihe Thorney down public- house. ?'We had not proceeded far, even then, before be nbeued, ao I was forced to pot the gun down and tackle him again. In all my life X never met with enchasus. B*e never seemed to give in, and be kicked my shine ao that I could scarcely stand. When be (Tied to get at hie knife, I feued him three tones running, and as for pounding we wen both pretty weU pounded; and the moment I bad giventhe man into Lord Waters'. custody at Bushmen, I tell down in what ther callafaint. Yes ; it had been a great struggle, sir.'' I need scarcely aay that, after this tcmhle, Georee'e fortune rapidly rose, Hetty's unde bolted in the night, and after Black Jack's transportation Sat Vb, the deer-poaching gang of Conborne Chase 4UKkly disappeared. Xhexe was a rapid aupply of new keepers, tbe oapay ranger's interference was promptly Mapped, and George Tery soon rose to the dignity of head keeper. When I last saw him be was landlord of the Bald-beaded Sag—All tie Tear Stmmi. 