THE PEERYS!fi$L£ PAPERS. .... -:.rnw:MMitMiW>,,..,. j ptdtOSt that few happenings in this world tfoiltd fhe grafted pleasure' than to behold the thriving of my excellent and estimable clever friend, Joseph Sullivan. The man is clever— of that there can be no doubt. His " kill-stink" h far and away superior to any out — natheless ffr, Girdlestone. His sheep- lick— bless my heart, a matter surely of importance to those $ho lofe a ih fitted chop " pare and unalloyed" ..has been acknowledged by the Government reterinaiy inspectors to fulfil its promise; — and yet Joe doesn't flourish. Somebody must get the worth of his worth, that is evident, and 1 eonfess that when I think over the matter I am puzzled to think who that person is. Joe Sullivan my . jo, Joe, When we w&e; first acquaint, You were a swell, sUy Jo,- Joe, Though now, of course, you slut ; You kept the Cock inn then, Joe, And you crowed as loud as most : Alas ! to think of then, Joe, As nothing but a ghost. Ydu rode a mighty horse, Joe, Aid Volunteers gay, And nuhfcf a mighty sword, Joe, Each twenty-fourth 6f i#8y— Well, Joe— each has his day. ftnfl, in a world which is constantly pulling at ; the skirts of one's philosophy, this is not a bad Consolation upon which to fall back. Mr.- Meredith f the Colonial Treasurer of Tas mania, hid A fery feeble acquaintance with scriptural history, Gesiring to point a speech, to the compliment of a political friend into whose views he could not entirely agree, he fell hack upon that monstrous old fable of the swal- Wing of Jonah by a whale — a whale's gullet, let it be mentioned, being as small as a money lender's conscience — and made a mess of it. Says he, "I desire to complimefct my faithful supporter, Mr. Pillinger, on the ability with which he has urged a subsidy for a steamer to ftew Zealand. Although I cannot, on principle, Support such a suggestion, Mr. Pillinger iias so affected me by his arguments that I feel myself reduced to the position of Jonah, when in the whale's belly, and who, when in that uncomfortable position, exclaimed, " Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian." \ Well, I am not particularly nice as to creed, tritt if / found myself in a whale's belly, and the Isey to my exit consisted in my profession of feligiotts faith, 2 am afraid that I should be only too glad to cry peccavi. Mr. Meredith, tfbora I know right well as a gentleman and a fcboJat, has, nevertheless, fallen into a -Very coBiriiofi etrtfr am'ohg gentlemen and scholars — sot to speak of that prince of gentlemen — the Devil— and misquoted Scripture. Tthe Bible, Mr. Meredith, is a ticklish authority to tackle, ttdlese yon are in the habit of reading it. But | fl a night's lodging in a whale's belly would not persuade a man to be a Christian, what would ? Look up yottr Saint Paul, Mr. Meredith. fitom a letter which t recently received from San Francisco, it would appear that the Yankee influence has been used against Miss Carey in her first performance. She was, I am told, in famously treated, the " company " doing all in ftteir power to thwart her success. The plucky denounced this conduct from the stage, and the Press, the Californian Press J denounced her for her courage. Well, / think Miss Carey the host actress we have ever heard and seen on colonial' boards — barring none, save, of course, Bistori and Siddons, and such high flights. On the other hand, with the exception of Miss Mel- what have the Californians sent us worth having. They sent us the " Californian Dia mond, it is true ; bat, lord ! we don't care for hereaway, do we ? I think that no better comment could be made upon Californian drar natic taste than its treatment of Miss Carey. That is a nice old man up at Ballarat, who, being fifty-four years of age, has married a child f sixteen, tortured and ill-used her so shamefully that he has been ordered by the local Bench to pay £1 to keep her, apart from njugal bed and board. This nice old pious tyrant is a chemist, and his name is Cordukes. In the language of the Ring, " dukes " signify hands ; in the language of the Romans, " cor,'> meant heart. We can thus imagine Mr. Cordukeg s a gentleman who goes about heart in hand; At anyrate, in matters of the heart, such am matrimony, he is very ready with his hand, giving striking proofs of his affection for his wife by punching her chaste nose, and puffing her blooming cheeks d la Christie and Abe Hicken. And he says that he has done this because, " being a piously-inclined man, he desired to bring up hifl young wife in the fear and love of Certainly, farting chasteneth the flesh, end so far Cordukes ban behaved consistently th scriptnre text in his treatment of his wife ; for he has starved her wofnlly, for no better tutsan than that she did not agree with him in the matter of orthography, as applied to the ttatter of a foul clothes list. A nice old pious is Cordnkss. Let us hope that bis yttsni will'lSad hhh on the plains of ParAdise. Jtot, with grim appreciation of such piety as Mr. "3nkes boasts of, says that, if it became a of selection, she. would rather prefer Gateiy to Oordukes, us being, p6rbapsi quite as Pontages— what d, p thildc smwmiig.Bjjfyour qoaimcatioM?, ; ' 'J f theueof1ime Unto taiBBdby Mr. Geoige WeJbotone, Who, acoorfW h«WffT- m new5papers of Wedaesdaylast, Im, a fashion of striking the hour with We watoh C optics of those persons who may hare ganoed to offend nfT t' 5?-11 vefy pbic fashion. I have heard a "JS by the forelock, and am sadly r?re f truth that time flies ; but I never before heard of its being economised for the pur pose of assault and battery. Mr. Welbourae, when convivial, cannot be said to be wasting time, but rather; making the most of his time. I piecp, for the purpose of enforcing his particular | social or political opinions. On this occasion he | ®tri k a gsatleman on the eye with his watch, because the gentleman obfected to tossing for a sovereign, an amusement for which Mrf Wel- bourne had at that moment an ardent fancy. I should wind up that watch, if I were Welbourne, and leave it in peace and security when next I went abroad to toss for sovereigns. Sir George Bowen is a tiger at statistics. He is always prompt to lay some flattering statis tical unction to the souls of his hearers, where- ever he may turn up. The other day he told the gaping multitude of Sandhurst that the power of consumption of bread and beef was twice as much in Sandhurst as it was m Bal- Jurat, and three times that of Castlemaiue and Chewton. This is putting the compliment of fact into a very neat parcel. It was just the kind of statement which was likely to appeal to the appreciation of those to whom it was addressed. Ifc meant, not only that the Sand hurst people are endowed with a good pecker, but likewise that they were able to supply it with sufficient material to keep it quiet. But what will the Governor tell the Castlemaine and Ballarat people when next he addresses then i. He will have to present some compensa ting statistics ; such, we will say, as may be illustrated by a superior capacity for the con sumption of malt liquors, or chops and tomato sauce, or veal cutlets, or old cheese, as. com pared with the Sandhurst grubbers. What a happy gift is this, Sir George is endowed with, for instituting comparative compliments which serve every case with which he may be called M Mm I upvii iru UC(U JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 