A TRIP ACROSS THE STRAITS. [By Bbnuiooku.] Nothing impresses ono more with tlio beautios of Tasmania than the contrast afforded by a trip in summer through the parched up thirsty looking rugions of Vic toria. Tho scenery disclosed to view on the grassy, wooded banks of thu Tamarasthe flteamer glides on her way, is by no means likely to make ono form a high opinion of the bleached and withered scenery in the neighboring colony. I wont over in the Tainar, a buoyant Wide vessel, which dances over the waves in s gale like a piece of cork. The captain And his oftioers are remarkable for kind heartedness and courtesy, and tho crew are a fino manly, muscular set of fellows, who look as if they could pull a house down if they tried. I observed that they lire much attached to their boat, and re gard any depreciating remarks on her as a personal affront to themselves, for which I rathor like than. Wlion we first started on our journey it vas surprising what on interest everybody took in everybody else. It required con siderable nerve to take a promenade on tile deck and brave the inquisitive gaze of so many eyes, but as wo ueared our desti nation a marked change took place, even the daughters of fcve lost their curiosity, for a lady actually came on deck with a new and highly fashionable bonnet on, without exciting the slightest attention from her fair sisters. The sensa tions produced, after the steamer gives the first heavy lurch, as it pusses out int.. tlcou flon. water, arc uiuUj sufficient to banish all thoughts uf everything but one's own uiUsr misery. How bitterly one condemns his or her own stupidity fur havitiif over Uikcn such a ridiculous journey, liut it in some tiuiu btjfunj you reach this stage ; first con ice thu forced gaiety, ostentatiously remarking ' (), I don't foal a bit sick.' Then you admit you 'do fee) a little ijuncr.' In a short time the steamer give* another lurch, and theu you nutku u frantic rush dowmtairs. After that, the collapse, it wuii't do us Wiv good to impure further. There ore always juiiue inuvitublo \i%a~ Boiiittin who tire sure to be on hoard cvury vessel. There is thu lonely little woman in doep Humming, who cries so bitterly us i» uot one there to bid her good-hyu ; the jovial gentleman in the expensive waist coat, who sonu makes friends with every body on board, and the couple who are courting, and make friends with nobody. The old English custom of bestowing gratuity on the steward or stewardess is kept up ; though it would he much nioro conducive tu the comfort of the passen gers if it were abolished, and a stated sum added to that charged for the faro. The quantity of shipping in the Bay and the Yarra is something marvellous to those accustomed to Tasmania's shipping list. It seemed as though wo would never be able to pilot oar way among such a crowd of vessels. In one part of the Yarra the smell is something terrible. It is positively worse than sea-aickness while it lasts For a thoroughly penetrating, BUll'ocating, abom inable smell, I rocoiiimuud the Yarra pcr funM, Wnon we arrived me Melbourne wiiart was crowded with faces, some beaming with ploaaure as friendly viiuges mot their view, while others wore a look of i'mw powtinent painful to see, caused probably by tho absence of Borne expected arrival. Others, there were of course, who were merely impassive spectators, hut all were orderly and well behaved. The larrikin element was not to the fore. Of cabmen and porters there was 0 superfluity. On entering Melbourne street* the first -thing that attracts attention is the ladies' v- jttfisW 1 have heard ladies froth from England say that the Melbourne ladles \- . j«re &r; in advance of their English siBters ..'?iitlioinattarof dress; that is as far as QXpeDsdttnd conspicuousnesti of costume goes. {Eheir present style of tiglitntting skirts must be highly obnoxious to pick pockets ; in fact, as far as picking ladies' pockets is concerned, the art must be nl ' most lost for the present ; that it is not ? quite lost I had ocular demonstration. ?Wjile taking a stroll through one of the prinfcmU, Melbourne streets the evening after'tny arrival, 'we passed n group of girls, and one of them made a dauh at my skirt and grasped my {racket, evidently with (lie intention of ascertaining its con tents.'- ' Ai.J had taken the precaution of roiuoring my purse, she could feel there 'lsrss nothing valuable there, and so ..nmlsited me no rprtlicr. JTow, if I liad Jw6fii'a 'pinVabV skirt,' she would no doubt know from experience that no pocket would be there, or, if there was, it would be impossible for her to get her hand in without detection. And now one word with regard to Tas inanian tvrjuj Victorian girls. Many people am under the impression that Xasnianian girls orcul Victorian girls in personal attractions. With this opinion I beg to disagree, though I wuuld not like to give the preference to viUiur If there is anything Id which tile Taamanlan excel the Victorian girls, it is in the carriage of uieir nguro ; l ueuevc tney no wait better than their Victorian sisters. Everybody in Melbourne is in a hurry; the people rush about frantically as if their very life depended on haute. This hurry is infectious, too, for though one hsa nothing to do, you soon get whirled into the manner of thu day, and hurry along for no reason at all. If Taamaniaug were endowed with tho surplus energy of Victorians the ' tight little island' would occupy a higher position. sion at the Melbourne Railway station the moment the ticket ofhco is open; if opened for s reasonable time before the trains start, aU this confusion would be avoided. On the Melbourne and Cutlcmaine route there is one railway compartment on the American system, and ito popularity is vouched for by the rush that takes place the moment It Is opened. Victorian rail ways are not so luxuriously furnished as the Tasmanian, and the officials are by no means so civil and obliging. . The lavish expenditure of public money u Victoria is quite amazing to Tas ?nanians. Railways are constructed under enormous aunculties, through barren, unteunted wildernesses to little insignifi cant townships, which township will have county oourt, police court, town hall, police barracks, and vory often magnifi cent hospital, bolides churches, schools, &c.; The greater part of all tliese expen sive luxuries are defrayed by Govcm nunt I cannot refrain from mentioning a JitUo incident thst occurred as the steamer toft on her return trip to Launceston. A colonial looking gentleman accosted a' ?pruMly attiref individual, evidently of the genus known As new chum, 'You — — —, mmmTtUB WUMllIU) *. U1VURUV VUU didn't believe in Taanunians I' 'Neither 1 do,' was jthe answer.; ' but I am prc pw» i look here,' Thereupon he drew nomlutpodieU revolver. Naw'tUsiiticfictlbn.'W* Veritable *?-* of !rwy recent cUte. ' WHEN GREEK MEETS GHEEK.' On a certain evening this week I found myself on the beach not a hundred miles east of Table Cape. There on a rock re clining at peace with all men, the solitary sea on one side and the lonely sands on the other, I proposed to pass the evening of a well spent day in the study uf my favorite Tennyson. Tho tighta, the loves, the liatos, the vongoan oos, of those heroes of abyo-goneage, possod in review before mu, and I ceased reading to reflect, that as the world was yostcrday so it is to-day. But the lights, the loves, the hates, and the vengeances, owing to steam, telegraphy, and advanced chemistry evolve differently. Coming U- this conclusion before diving again into my book, as is iny wont, I scanned the horizon, 1 scanned the Bauds, and Hum I saw thrown up in strong relief by a sandy hillock a picture as if two knight* of old in deadly combat strove. I rubbed my eyes, I shut them for a space. I said to myself ' that lobster salad at luncheon and Tennyson together is a bad mixture, and has produced this optical delusion. For the future I must partake of them separately.' I thought of banshee, of second sight, the Cocklane Ghost, and nuraorous authentic stories of extraordi nary apparitions, and then I opened ray eyes and took a good square, solid look. Sure enough there were the two horsemen, as far as I could trust my sonsos, in the flesh, and making most extraordinary gyrations on that lonoly shore. Now when 1 am nut poetical I am sensible. I was the latter now, so I docided to advance cautiously and reconnoitre. It then oc curred to ino that as Tasmanian luitis lators when not imitativo are nothing, it might bo our present distinguished visi tors, the Attorney-General and Minister of Lands, liaving a private rehearsal of the goino of polo, so that they might exllibit to the astonished coasters the game as practised by the Prince of Wales and all the royal family. Not wishing to intrude on what might not be perfected or in tended for tho public eye, 1 kept the lioohyalla trues well between myself and the combatants, and so drew very near unobserved. ' Oookiighting' does not approach a description of the scene I then witnessed. Tho two medicos tliat the district boasU wero 'at it.' It be came evident to me and painfully so to ouo of thu coinlwtauts tliat doctors sometimes differed with a vcnucancc. One of thu medical mou combatants is noted in thu district for having a long tongue ; the other possessed a long whip, and the use to wliiuli he was now putting I could well guess was a sequence of tho undue exercise of the long tongue. The rules of the tournament nor any other law of the duello, as far as I could see, did not ap pear to be followed on this occasion, lie of the long tongue charged or hutted him of the whip, and he of the whip cut in smartly and indiscriminately on the corpus whenever found of him of the li mg tongue. It might be called aconi bat of cut or bolt. At length nature became exhausted in the knight of tho long tongue, and he ceased to butt ; while he of the whip placed his implement uf warfare across his shoulders in a tem porary manner, looking as if his motto was, 'Ready, aye ready.' As far as I could understand the knight of the long tongue then remonstrated with his opjw ncnt on the use of the whip, ueclaruig that without it he could not Imvc achieved victory. Whereupon the generous victor ufwrod him fight on foot without horse or whip, but the liberal offer met no favor able response from Mr Pillbox, who took be hoped the internal application of his favorite 'salts and senna,' and the out ward rubbings of carbolic acid will effect a ui-eedy cure of theailiiiuiiticoiisetiueiit on the encounter. As for the knight of the whip ho took his triumphant way with crest erect and lance (whip) in rest, as of a man who should say, ' I have this day done a meritorious action.' 