/ . THE PREFACE. . The Conference discourses are really ' to appear, and . two of them are already in 'the, hands of the public, . (We give this advertisement, freo, gratis, for, nothing.) -As if. the .Coadjutor had some -qualms of -conscience about his fierce attacks, or as if lie, had found that he had done more harm .than ..good to his Church by his furious assaults, . ho needs to write an elaborate V preface " to his pamphlet to justify him self. The preface is curious. TheCoadjutor, good man, is; as he tells us, very fond of " peace." He never thinks of interfering with other people's religion. Naturally, he would not, for all the world, injure a Protestant, nor seek to offend him by in terference with his religious opinions. He thinks that every man should be at- liberty to have and enjoy his own ieligious opinions. At least he thinks that the Catholic should be let alone by the Pro testant on pain of the Catholic resenting the interference as an attack " upon his mother." And hence here is the Coadjutor's defence to those who have been complain ing of his fierceness and bitterness : — Bishop Barker has been attacking my mother ; he has been casting " sticks and stones " at her ; and surely it is ray privi lege and duty as a Catholic, loving my Church with a " personal love," to meet the assailant on his own terms and with . his own weapons The curious fact then is— a fact admitted, that these published conferences are Dr. Vaughan's "sticks anjd stones " cast at Dr. Barker, in re- . taliation for , the : attack of Protestant " sticks and stones." . Again, the preface tells us that the " conferences," as published, are not the conferences as spoken, and therefore that the, strictures which. we have made on thei spoken, conferences are not now applicable.: This may be convenient for the Coadjutor, ; i? s he does not feel himself committed ' to anything which he has said ; but it is not at all convenient for those who heard who wished , to get the ipsissima verba of the utterances under the hand and seal of the author. When a speaker delivers a speech and afterwards repudiates the reports by publishing what he meant to say, the! spoken address might well have been dis pensed with, or it might have been so carefully prepared that the one would! have been the utterance of the other. / Again, Freeman tells us that the "preface" is "spirited." So it is; but spirited in what sense ? In this sense— it is the jaunty verbiage of one who either does not consider the force.of his words, or who - does not care twopence for the in- ' telligence of his readers. Let us give a; few specimens. For example, Dr. Vaughan, speaking for Catholics, says, " We have been grossly, and publicly slandered and then, referring to his taking up the slander,, he - says, "I am no less sensible of the strength of my position than of the weak ness of the enemy." One would have thought that this would have soothed the " fierce indignation " and the " regardlessly strong .expressions," with which the Coadjutor took up the gauntlet, which, lie says,, had been thrown down. When a man has a strong case ho does not usually get, angry,; but when he is conscious that he has none at all, then , it is that passion and fierce indignation come to his aid. But with Dr. yaughan, because of the school in which he has been trained, the very opposite is found to be the fact ! A nother specimen; Dr. Vaughan says that "Catho lics don't care to repress their strong ip dignation when> their Church is attacked, .because they love her with a personal lo ve,- as their mother ;" but; when' he is antici- -patirig 'replies to his "strong indignation," he lias the coolness to request that those whb " by -earnestness of feeling, mix up vituperation of feeling . with, logic, - will have the. kindness to honour . -him by separating the one from th6 other." That is; Dr. Vaughan, as accustomed/to "the light rapier exercise," wishes that,' while he may be ! allowed in the battle to strike under the fifth rib, his opponent shall not be allowed to. strike, below the shoulder ! Another specimen. Dr. Vaiighan says that' " the talents which make a good scold and those which make a good logician, are not identical, for they are generally found apart ;" well, but a good logician never gets into a passion, never be comes fierce with bursting indignation, and especially he is cool, clear and strong when " his enemy is weak," and when he knows that in the outside public there is a " vast fund of fair play and common sense, which are the essential attributes of the Anglo- Saxon race." What trash and verbiage are here. The Celtic quality in Catholics, that of a "good scold," orthat.of a "fierce uncontrollable indignation when their -Church is touched," is justified by an appeal to the good logic of an old English Vaughan family, and by a firm and logical reliance on the vast fund of fair play and common sense in the Anglo-Saxon, race ! He, is. a poor logician who dqeB not see the balderdash in all this confusion of ideas sufficient to make even an Irishman laugh. Again, this precious "preface" has the following curious bit. Dr. Yaughan asks to be forgiven if he has not shown skill in " rough and tumble warfare." As if con scious that he has not thrown his stones and sticks against Dr. Barker with grace and effect; as. if conscious that he has failed in the "amenities" of a good logician because of the " school in which he has been brought up," he thus lays the flattering . unction to his soul, that he has conquered gloriously — " Every reasonable man of fair ability and candid mind will give it in my favour, that the one main thesis that I have undertaken to prove, viz., ' that Catholics are not bound,- under pain of damnation, to abandon ih; (Onmunion of their fathers, and that they arc nob under any conscientious obligation to submit to the Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Common Prayer.' " But Bishop Barker never undertook to deal with this thesis. No Protestant disputant that has ever appeared has undertaken to deal with such a thesis. It is too absurd on the face of it even for a Ritualist. And therefore Dr. Vaughan has laboured in vain— setting up a ghost to strike at— and now writing a "preface" to tell the world of his quick despatch of the apparition !; If it be vtrue that Bishop Barker has been " assailing the Romish Churoh for the last twenty years ;" if it be true that the "afflicted Catholics have been waiting in silence . for . him to .cease "—the proofs must be easily . found that he has proposed the above thesis, and that he has been labouring night and day. to illustrate and maintain it. But we hereby challenge Dr. Vaughan to produce one single syllable from all the speeches, sermbns or assaults of Bishop Barker for . the last twenty years, which will bear out this un manly and false statement. No doubt, Dr. Barker has occasionally (his friends say far too , seldom) spoken .out in oppo sition to ; Popery. No doubt, he has, on several occasions referred to tho truth and 'strength and, glory of Protestantism ; but it is a falsehood, which only a Romish " logician " could utter, that he has ever said anything to support the charge that he has maintained " that CatholicB must, 'under pain of damnation, accept the Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Common . Prayer." With, all Bishop Barker's preference for the Church of England, we know and are perfectly cer tain, that he holds that, oven in the Papal Church, every one who is truly resting in Christ is saved. We are perfectly certain that ' ho also holds that the so-called " Dissenters," who do not accept the Thirty-nine Articles and Book of Common Prayer, are as safe as those who do, if they rest on the great truths of the Chris tian system. It is a foul calumny there fore which Dr. Vaughan has uttered and sought to prove. We are certain that if Catholics will throw away their Papal rubbish, their Pagan superstitions, their false commandments of men, and come out from a Church which ; is filled with the rottenness of hypocrisy' and worldliness, and go to any evangelical Protestant Church whatever, where Christ can be worshippad in simplicity and truth, Bishop Barker will be as sincerely glad in the escape of the prisoners as if they had taken refuge in the Church of England. What have we now, therefore? Why this, the ridiculous, confession of this accomplished logician' from Rome that he has undertaken to prove what was never denied ! ( Proved ? yes, "ad abundantiam" indeed ; yes, " ad nhuseam !" ; We have given this preface too much space, - but we have not exhausted its absurdities. A feeling of despair comea over', us when we see that whether.. Dr. Vaughan speaks extempore, or writes ,ii> the. calm , of St. John's, he is equally in capable of handling logic. He is fond of using the word, but he knows no. more about the thing than the merest "novice." 