LONDON TOWN TALK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, MAY 12. Everybody knows a number of persons who are spoken of in a hushed voice by their admirers as being contributors to " this; and that," "well known in the literary world," and even as making an immense income by their means" I was once introduced to a lady who was described to me as realising '.£2,000 a year in this manner. I observed rather rudely that I didn't believe it, and the more I saw of the lady the more certain I was that the statement was (to speak delicately) an exaggeration. 'But it was true nevertheless for she had written the most successful work on "crochet" in her generation. Every lady did crochet in those days. Since then books on "croquet" have attained a circulation equal to that of Macaulay's History, and only second to that of a good cookery book. And now Handbooks of Whist are doing an uncommonly good business. The ninth edition of "Cavendish" upon this subject is remarkable in other ways than for its undoubted science. The other editions were dedicated by the author (Mr. Henry Jones) to James Clay, Esq., M.E., by his sincere friend," The present one retains this on its first leaf, and on the back an inscription within black borders, exactly like a funeral tablet, "To the memory of James Clay." Imagine a book dedicated to a living man, and likewise, after his death, to his memory ! and that book to be a treatise on what 1 Such a lack of reverence, and of the sense of humour combined, has been seldom seen. There is not much poetry in the idea, yet it irresistibly reminds us of a famous line-" Can honour's voice provoke the silent dust "-the dust of what has once been Clay. Books of any kind, however successful, are not generally the stepping-stones for greatness in this country ; but Dr. Farrar, the author of the most popular Life of Gilliat that has ever been written, is, I am glad to say, an exception to the rule. He has been made, as Charles Kingsley was before him, Canon of Westminster, with an income of £1,000 a year, and also rector of St. Margaret's (whose church adjoins Westminster Abbey), worth £500 a year. As he will, more over. have plenty of leisure for writing books, this author may think himself lucky. If there is nothing new under the sun, a good many curious things take place in the dark, and when brought to light have certainly the air of novelty. In the dead-letter office all communications are opened the addresses of which fail to find those for whom they are intended, and are then returned to the writers. But sometimes the information thus obtained shows danger to the commonweal, or criminal plots against individuals, in which case the affair is handed over to the police. It seems strange enough that such communications should be ever sent to addresses of which the sender is not quite sure ; but the reckless ness of wrongdoers is proverbial. A correspondence has been thus intercepted between a medical student and a young married woman (who had never seen one another, and do not wish to do so of a very remarkable kind. The lady advertised in the papers thuBt-"To Medical Men in Need of Money, or to Students well up in Chemistry and Anatomy. A gentleman engaged in an interesting experiment is willing to give liberal remuneration for professional assistance." The " interesting experiment was how to put herself out of the world without people suspecting her of suicide; and the medical student was found willing to furnish her with the necessary scientific means for the remuneration of £100. It is crime enough in the eye of the law to kill oneself, or to assist another to do so ; but the idea of the police is that the lady may have advanced the plea of suicide for the sake of getting possession of the drugs for the destruction of somebody else. What seems so strange is that any " medical person- age should have so quietly closed with her terms OF this gentleman has done, who gave her the required prescription to make away with herself as coolly as though he were suggesting a tonic. One of the letters she wrote to him did indeed state that her life was useless, and that her death would be a benefit to those she loved ; but the "student" never made the least inquiry into the facts of the matter, I should think it probable that he was one of the scientific gentry who practise vivisection for the benefit of the human race. Criminals are, unfortunately, not always so rash in their proceedings. They take time and trouble, and spend an infinite amount of skill to gain their evil ends. Just as in warimprovementsindefence, such as armour plating, are soon negatived by new inventions of assault, such as 80-ton guns, so the precautions of the commercial community are continually met and evaded by the ingenuity of rogues. The crossed cheque need to be considered a triumph of safety and simplicity, the only need for caution being in the case of certain numerals (6 7, 8, 9), which for divers reasons should never have room left between them and the word pounds for the reception of an 0 But now a cheque for £17 and for £19 is altered, it seems for one for £1,700 and for £1,000 respectively, with the utmost ease. A chemical process has been discovered by some scoundrel or scoundrels, which obliterates so completely all that is required to be removed, that "no trace of the original writing can be discovered i even under the microscope;" the writing part is then altered, and the figures made to correspond, and as the signatures are genuine, and every other portion of the document correct, the banker falls into the snare. My banker, however, is quite secure so far as I am concerned, for if the most skilful 'Scoundrel in all London should alter my nineteens for nineteen hundreds, he would find it labour in vain, besides being subject to very unpleasant inquiries on presentation of the cheque. Curiously enough, however, instead of my being held in any higher consideration by my banker upon this account, it is rather the other way. After all, however, it does not seem so very nice to be immensely rich, to judge of what one reads of the late American merchant prince, Alexander Stewart, who has left £10,000,000 sterling behind him, all made out of a dry goods store. The heart of Mr. Samuel Smiles will no doubt be lifted up, and we shall have another great work from him, on perseverance and the advantages of "Truth and 10 per Cent," which, it seems, was Mr Stewart's motto ; but it does not appear to me that the world has been greatly benefited by the existence of this enormously rich man. To the last day of his life (when he was 75) he went tohisretoilBhopat8o'clock, dined in the a"' it 1, and then went to his wholesale shop, a fire he remained till nearly 8 again. I know many a mill- horse who pursues the same round of existence without a word of praise. That he performed some isolated acts of great munificence is quite true ; but even those strike one as smacking of the advertisement system ; while, to hear that he diligently kept up the Latin he learnt at a day-school in his youth, utterly fails to awaken my sensibilities. If he really did so, he probably made classical quotations, in which the false quantities were in excess of his favourite 10 per cent. As to his aspirations, we hear that when he came to London his mind was greatly excited by hearing that the late Mr. Morrison had made five millions, and he secretly resolved to make a bigger Pile. Mr. Morrison's money drove him to such a pass, that at last he believed himself ruined, and used, I believe, to work with a wheelbarrow in his garden for so many shillings a-week, to keep himself from the workhouse, whereas Mr. Stewart had no such melancholy end. I respectfully differ from the many people who applaud this gentleman's success as though it were a public Benefit ; but I think his existence with his 10 millions was more tolerable to the human race than that of 10 other persons with a million each, all made out of dry goods. The mistake of being too fashionable has led me into an error, but please to understand ! that it is not my own devotion to fashion that is to blame. It is the fault of Lord Howard do Walden. I told you what every- body told me that he was going to be married to Miss Kate Dickenson, and I even knew a man who had heard Vice-Chancellor Malins give his permission to the young lady, as a ward of chancery, to become his lordship's bride. This gentleman was wrong as to the name ; the world at large was wrong as to the fact. But the curious part of the affair is that long after I had written you of the engagement, the marriage itself was announced as having taken place at the usual church in Hanover square, in the Pall Mall Gazette, and copied from thence into The Times. It now appears that Lord de Walden himself contradicted, weeks ago, the report of his engagement in the columns of the Morn- ing Pott, a paper which, unfortunately, nobody but Lord de Walden and other exalted personages of his class ever read. If you want "the greatest circulation" you must go to the proper place for it It is clear his lordship did want it, since his man of business has now written to The Times for him to say he is married to quite another young lady, and therefore his proceeding as be did is only another proof of the exclusive ness and eccentricity of his noble race. In his brother's (the Duke of Portland) cellar were, I believe, recently found 8,000 dozen of ' champagne, quite black from age, and madeira 90 years old, quite "gone-," all because he will have his own way, and not be interfered with. The mistake about the marriage is doubtless extremely painful to Miss Dickenson, because it revives a disagreeable incident in the public mind ; but in the interests of the community at large it is scarcely to be regretted, since it will certainly cause ex-Colonel Valentine Baker to remain in prison his full term, and very great influence has been used just now to get him out. His friends have written to the papers to say that confinement is doing him harm, and why should not bygones be bygones, &c.; and now he will have to remain in gaol till the London season is over. I have no doubt, if he wished it, that the ex-colonel might make a large sum by appearing on the stage, for the rage for morbid sensa- tion is greater than ever. The bloodhound that discovered the Blackburn murder is just now the most valuable arrival in the market, and would put the trunk out of joint of the baby elephant itself which the Prince of Wales has brought home with him, and the proprietor of a London music hall had £500 for the dog, and when that was refused, £400 for the lease of him for a fortnight. Of course this is a very vulgar exemplification of the appetite for excitement, but the arguments about "sensation" generally as stated in the Saturday Review and other " kid glove" periodicals are ridiculous. They say the taste for sensation is dying out The fact is precisely the other way ; but if it were not, if there was a temporary lull in such matters, the attraction of melodramatic incidents that occur in real life will always be overwhelming. We have lately had a repetition, in a small way, for example, of the Bremerhaven catastrophe in London. Jr. has only happened to a watchmaker, in an unfashionable neighbourhood, and yet it was exciting an unusual public interest, until something occurred in mitigation, which is of itself curious too. The victim was a dial-plate engraver, and he received a square box by the Parcel Delivery Company, which, looking like any other dial box, he opened, with the most frightful consequences. At the first touch of his chisel the box exploded, shattering his shop to fragments, blowing the windows out, and maiming the man himself so that he will probably die. From that moment everybody began to look with caution at presents brought in boxes by the parcels delivery, and willingly permitted their servants to gratify their curiosity by opening them themselves. From the bits of nipples, screws, was, found on the scene of the cases trophe, the infernal machine was evidently constructed with great ingenuity and elaboration and it was felt that some scientific society were giving their minds in earnest to the general circulation of these missiles. It has since been discovered, however, that this watchmaker had a monopoly in his trade of the mercantile marine, and had an objectionable habit of turning out really good dials, made by first-rate workmen, to the detriment of the general interests of labour. Ever since it has seemed pretty certain that it was "a trade outrage," it is astonishing, in fact, how calmly the public-who do not engrave dials-have taken it. If one wants to take the town by storm, it is plain one must commit some atrocity of a general character, such as may happen under favourable circumstances to anybody. I question whether the new celluloid billiard boards, for instance (for which we are indebted to America), are not calculated to excite the public mind more than the incident above mentioned, which is after all only startling to a class. These balls are made of gun cotton and camphor, compressed and dried, and when polished have an exact resemblance to ivory. Camphor barns with a nice blue flame : bat gun cotton does better, it explodes." Drop a cigar light, which is very easy upon one of these balls, and then observe the results in a billiard room in a quiet country house. If an item of interest can be added to these articles (which are getting, I believe, into every day use), it is the fact that nothing can extinguish the flame, thus produced, till it has burnt out On the day before the private view of the Royal Academy, I visited it with an art critic's ticket There were not above a score of these gentry in those spacious saloons, and the opportunity for business or pleasure was equally great Of course I might have written-who can't an elaborate criticism. But was it well, thought I to repay the privilege that had been so kindly conferred on me, by swelling the art columns of anything with more talk of breadths of colouring" and "lights in the foreground " ? No. I would enjoy myself instead, and all the more because I knew I was mitigating a public calamity. After all, what ideas is it possible to give of any picture to a man who hasn't seen it The greatest masters of word-painting utterly fail in this. Not one of Sir Walter Scott's landscapes, for example, is so described as to give the reader a true conception of it. He makes an image of it in his own mind, in obedience to what he is told, but upon seeing the spot with his own eyes he finds it something entirely different Would the Great Magician have done better with his wand if, instead of intelligible language (for his description are not in Scotch), he had used cant terms of art? I trow not. Although I expressed these sentiments in the most eloquent way, they were not accepted by the proprietors of my "organ" instead of a criticism on the academy, and they threaten to give its ticket next year to some less honest man. You, Sir, have no cause to complain of me, since you will have an excellent resume of the exhibition, if (as I suspect) a certain accomplished lady I met on that happy day with a note-book in her hand had an eye to The Argus. About one third of the art critics, by-the-bye, were ladies, and I observed that they generally admired, while the males held their heads on one side and sniffed. Millaia'a "Over the Hills and Far Away," the best realistic landscape I have seen for years, was sold to a new dealer, I am told, for £3.000 before it left the studio and before it was seen in the exhibition that enterprising dealer had pocketed £500 by the transaction A great loss to the sight-seers is the absence of Miss Thompson's picture of the Return from the Balaclava Charge;" it is being shown by itself for a shilling ahead in Bond street, having been shut out of the exhibition from an accident with the nature of which I am not acquainted. In the academy is a big picture on the same incident by Barker. It is a pity that artists cannot copy right their proposed subjects, as authors do the titles of their forthcoming books, 33 that comparisons, the tediousness of which is proverbial, might be obviated. A pleasant story was told me while in this abode of art about "varnishing day," which, though it occurred years ago, may be new to many readers. Some high-spirited young painter had had a large picture accepted, but found it hung so high CB in his opinion to render its merits unappreciable. Of course he set this down to envy and jealousy on the part of the committee, and took this great revenge He employed himself to the last moment, of it seemed, in touching up" his canvas, and then cut it all out and carried it away under his arm, leaving a blank space on the wall 30ft. or SO by 20ft in a very handsome gilt frame, to be criticised as people pleased. The best thing that has yet been said about the "Empress" Proclamation Bill I heard at a mess-table the other day, a place where wit of the political sort is not common-" Oh it's all right about the Queen being made Empress ; everybody does take brevet rank, you know, upon retirement." By the bye, you must permit me, to remind you that I did express to you my opinion contrary though it was to that of society at large-that Dizzy, and only Dizzy, was answerable for placing this gewgaws among the Crown jewels. I said that the idea struck me as being consonant with the taste for pinchbeck splendour exhibited by the author of Lothair, and now he has owned that "alone he did it Please to notice, too, in Punch last week, the joke about the butler, "Won't you say o/iensoberj" That I sent you three months ago. This is serious, because Fund has hitherto been not more than six weeks behind time in Publishing the latest current feature. The very best joke, though spoilt a little by its being in the antiquated form of a riddle, that has been lately heard in London, is connected with woman's rights, and, let us hope, will solace the advocates of that bill for the defection of John Bright "Why should not a woman be a chemist!" Why, indeed, when, if not an Anne Eliza, she must needs be a Charlotte Anne The Prince of Wales has gained golden opinions for refusing to attend a bullfight in Spain. It was feared, from what had happened in India, that he might have been persuaded to do so ; but he has judged, and judged rightly in my opinion, that the shows of an Indian prince are not to be classed in the same category with the cruel sport which is the disgrace of Spain. It is a curious proof of the huge sums won and lost on our own national amusement, the turf, that the jockey who rode Petrarch, the winner of the Two Thousand, received by post an anonymous gift of five hundred-pound notes. Un- less the percentage was extraordinarily high, what a sum of money must have been collected on the event to suggest such gratitude on the part of the donor 1 My own experience is that betting men, whatever their faults, are generally liberal, and that if any of our charitable institutions would place a money- box with a slit for the charitable at Newmarket and Epsom, they would reap great advantage. Winners would give out of thankfulness for success, and would-be winners would also give in hopes of propitiating fortune. I know a northern trainer who always goes to church on the eve of the St Leger. The largest price bidden for a picture at Christie and Manson's, our great art and. Pioneers, was given on Saturday last by Mr. Agnew, the dealer, to whom, after a long competition, watched and applauded by half the connoisseurs in London, Gainsborough's "Duchess of Devonshire" was knocked down for 10,100 guineas. This was one of the collection of the late Wynn Ellis, who purchased it of a Mrs. Magennis for £65. It is cracked all over except the face and hands, a circumstance which I have no doubt rather enhanced its value or at least its price than otherwise. Mrs. Magennis, it is proved, gave bat £50 for it, but it is not certain if she bought it at first-hand. What the poor artist himself received for it is consequently not known, something so small, I suppose, that it was not worth mentioning. This is an idea that to me does not make the fact of these huge sums being given for dead men's paintings a subject of such unalloyed con- gratulation as it seems to afford to some people. It also withdraws a great deal of money from the capital to be invested in modern art, for whoever eventually pays for such a purchase, we may take it for granted that it will not be the dealer whose seeming munificence we applaud. The sea-serpent has been seen again, and never have the details of his appearance been worked up in a more striking fashion "It raised itself up 40ft out of the water and with a frightful bellow" [now most snakes, with the trifling exception of the rattlesnake, are dumb] " struck the mainmast of the P. and O. steamer Hydaspes with its tangled head so that it shook the vessel." The writer describes the whole ship's company and all the passengers as having witnessed this, except the captain, who remained below, obstinately bent upon not seeing it Punch took up one captain for seeing a sea-serpent, and that captain never got over it so remember I didn't see this one. There is every detail that can be desired in this agreeable narrative. But there are two drawbacks, to my mind, to its pretensions to truth-first, the narrator is a missionary and secondly, the Daily Telegraph believes the story. When the Hydaspes reaches Southampton we shall know more about it In the meantime, it appears to me that is, not the animal, which has never appeared to me, but the circumstance to be a "whopper." On Saturday, May 7, there was a meeting at Bushy-park that was really astonishing no less than 500 bicyclists came on their two wheeled steeds to "witch the world with hobby "horsemanship." Some of them came from Portsmouth (68 miles) that very morning, which very few real horses could have done, without a mouthful of corn, or a drop of water. Most of this great gathering was, however, from the metropolitan counties, and a very creditable one it was, The pace at which they all took their three miles "spin was something marvellous, and as their indiarubber tires made the machines noiseless, it was literally a moving spec tacle of." One could not help thinking that some military nee might be made of such an invention. One has heard of horses shod with felt; but here were mounted men going Swifter than cavalry, and without the ghost of a sound. Why should not our gallant volunteers start a bicycle battalion The recruits, however, must be taught young, for-the Right Hon. Robert Lowe excepted I never saw a good bicyclist over 50 years of age. The debate in the House respecting barristers being compelled to perform their duties when they have been prepaid for thence., to take no brief to which they have no time to attend-has resulted in nothing, the " wig" element being very strong in Parliament, though the Liberal party is so weak. But it is to be remarked that the only two solicitors who spoke on the matter were in favour of the motion, and did not conceal the views they entertained of the greediness and want of principle of the gentlemen of the long robe. ' Note for Scotch roodora-Analyser ; Charlatan. A fruit hawker, named Robert Sims, who was arrested at Mundarlo, New South Wales, on tho2l8tinst, on a charge of horse stealing, committed suicide a few hours afterwards by taking strychnine. The police, on arresting him, searched him, but did not detect the bottle containing the poison. A HOUSEMAN experienced a very narrow escape from death on the railway-line near Bathurst, New South Wales, on the 17th. Inst. As he was crossing the line he suddenly became aware that an engine and some trucks were in close proximity to him. His horse became frightened and refused to proceed, and the rider thought it advisable to dismount, as the train was very near at hand. He did so, and though himself out of danger, he saw the engine run into the horse, smashing one of the animal's hind legs in such a frightful manner that the poor creature had to be destroyed. 