SPORT IN ENGLAND. (BY OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! 'With the sport of the past year fully reviewed in previous articles, and one of the dullest of recesses dragging its slow length along, I felt when the last Australian m5l was being made up that to write an interesting resume of the sport of the past month would be impossible, inasmuch as sport there had been none, and bo I refrained from inflicting a weari some yam upon readers of the Sydney Mail. As far as weather is concerned, 1876 promises to be equally disagree able with 1876, for what with snowstorms , floods, and gales, we have been allowed to enjoy but three fine winter's days since the chimes ushered in the year two and a half months ago. Even in mid-March the trains between Carlisle and Edinburgh and Glasgow have been blocked in snowdrifts ; and on Sunday the Empress of Austria, returning to town from a visit to the Queen at Windsor, had to put up with a detention of her special train for four hours at Slough, owing to the line being strewn for mDeswith fallen tele graph posts. A tremendous gale was blowing, ana tne - barometers actually fell to 28-199. Under these circum stances it is somewhat aggravating to read that you have been having too much fine weather in Australia, We soon shall nave forgotten what fine weather means. Who can wonder that outdoor pastimes have been at a discount, and that the principal topics of conversation during the winter have been skating rinks and spelling bees. Large fortunes have been made in a few months by those who 'rushed into rinks' when first the mania began to seize the public. The chief rink at Brighton cost, it ie said, in all £1 1,000 ; it has been open for about seven months, and the proprietorhas refused £80,000 for his bargain. This is not to be wondered at, as nearly £100 a day is taken at the doors. But in all probability this lucky proprietor will soon find it neccssary to keep pace with the times by laying down an ice rink, which now promises to drive the asphalte and ci ncrete rinks off the field. These ice rinks are like huge baths with multitudinous pipes just beneath the surface of the water, which is frozen by ether after the method of Mr. Mort's ice-freezing. Dr. Gamgee has already mastered the art of providing a perfectly glassy surface, and several other rinks besides that of his own are being constructed in various parte of London and the suburbs. With the shooting season brought to a close, with the greater number of most men's hunting stud showing signs of having had enough of floundering through mire and fen after foxes who have saved their brushes simply by reason of their having taken a lesson in swimming from the heroic Captain Webb, with the blue riband of the leash won and lost, and billiard handicaps and chess tournaments fairly done to death, sporting men of all ranks and classes are looking eagerly forward .to the commencement of the legitimate racing season. On Monday morning the sad dling bell ringing out over the Carholme at Lincoln will herald in a turf year which has been more anxiously anticipated than any of its predecessors for seme seasons past. And thence to the close of gloomy November the turfite who makes a toil of a pleasure will have no interval of respite from the hard work connected with his calling. And in order that sportsmen on the other side of the world may know when the various leading events of the coming season are ripe for decision, I here subjoin a table of the. dates and lengths of courses of the principal turf fixtures. Two Thousand Gu'neas, 1 mile 17 yards ... Wednesday, May 3 One Thousand Guineas, 1 mile 17 yards ... Friday, May 5 Chester Cup, 2 J miles ? Wednesday, May 10 Great Cheshire Slakes, mile ? Friday May 12 Great Northern Handicap, mile ? Tuesday, May 23 The Derby, 1£ mile ? Wednesday, May 31 The Oaks, 14 mile ? Friday, June 2 Ascot Stakes, about 2 miles ? Tuesday, June 13 Royal Hunt Cup, new mile ? Wednesday, June 14 j Ascot Gold Cup, 2& miles ? Thursday, June 15 Alexandra Plate, 3 miles ? Friday, June 16 Northumberland Plate, 2 miles ? Wednesday, June 28 Newmarket July Stakes, T.Y-C ? * ? Tuesday, July 4 ? Chesterfield Stakes, S furlongs 212 yards ... Thursday, July 6 j Liverpool July Cup, \% mile ? Thursday, July IS Goodwood Stewards' Cup, T.Y.C ? Tuesday, July 25 Goodwood Stakes, 2)6 miles ? Wednesday, July 26 Goodwood Cup, 2)6 miles ? Thursday, July 27. Chesterfield Cup, 1J mile ? Friday, July 28 Brighton b takes, if mile ? ? Tuesday, August 1 Brighton Cup, miies ? Wednesday, Aug. 2 1 Lewes Handicap, 2 miles ? , ? Saturday, Aug. 5 Great Ebor Handicap, 2 miles ? Wednesday, Aug. 23 Great Yorkshire Stakes, 1J mile ? Thursday, Aug. 24 Great YorkshireHandicap, St. Leger course Tuesday, Sept. 12 Champagne stakes, 5 furlongs 1S2 yards ... Tuesday, Sept. 12 Doncaster St. Leger, 1 mile 6 fur 132 yards Wednesday, Sept. 13 Doncaster Cup. 2 milt s 5 furlongs ? Friday, Sept. 15 Great Eastern Handicap, 6 furlongs ? Tuesday, Sept. 26 Newmarket October Hp, 1 m2 fur 73 yards Friday, Sept. 29 Cesarewitch Stakes, 2 miles 2 fur 28 yards Tuesday, Oct. 10 Middle Park Plate, 6 furlongs ? Thursday, Oct. 12 Criterion Stakes, 6 furlongs ? Monday, Oct. 23 Ctmbridgesbire Stakes, 1 mile 210 yards ... Tuesday, Oct. 21 Dewhurst Plate, 7 furlongs ? Thursday, Oct. 26 Liverpool Autumn Cup, 1£ mile ? Thursday, Nov. 9 1 Great Shropshire Handicap, 1 mile ? Wednesday, Nov. 15 Shrewsbury Cup, 2 miles ? Friday, Nov. 17. Except that, of course, the sport was confined to steeple chasing and hui die-racing, Croydon may be said to have set the ball rolling last week, and, though recent falls of snow and heavy rains had made the ground very holding in places, there were very fair fields, considering that the most valuable of the steeple-chare prizes are in futuro ; and the great hurdle race, which was made the medium of a great deal of speculation for some weeks beforehand, turned out a genuine success. To witness this event, it was said that there were far more spectators at Woodside than has ever been known before. Avery fair field of twenty went to the post, but the race was virtually a one-sided affair, as the winner might have cantered in with almost another 14 lbs. on his back, and his good looks and perfcct training brought him to the post a first favourite at the start. Clonave was not half prepared, and Congress is far better over a country than at timber-topping on a flying course like Croydon. Castle Wellan promises to be as great a disappointment over I hurdles as on the fiat, and the game and good-looking Industrious was decidedly overweighted. In fact, the race 1 was a mere gift to Ingomar. The Grand International Handicap Hurdle Race of 25 sovereigns each, 10 forfeit, with 600 added; the second received 60 sovereigns out of the stakes ; winners extra ; 2| miles, oyer nine hurdles ; 63 acceptances. | Mr. Ennis's b h Ingomar, by Uncas, out of Wild Deer, 4 years, ! 10 st4 lbs (Doucie)...' ... ... ... ... 1 Gerard's Harmonides, 4 years, 10 st 9 lbs (J. Cannon) ... 2 EUerton's Florimel, 5 years, 10 st9 lb3 (Mr. Crawshaw) ... 3 W. K. Walker's Industrious, 5 years, 12 6t 4 lbs (W. Daniels) , Sir W. Nugent's Clonave, aged, 11 st 12 lbs (Gavin) I Mr. Gomm's Congress, aged, 11 6t 9 lbs (Mr. E. P. Wilson) 1 Lord Wilton's br g Hippias, aged, 11 st 6 lbs (Mr. J. Goodwin) ; Mr. F. Swindell's The Curate, aged, 11 st 5 lbs (Elliott) ! O. Dash'6 Ropedancer, 6 years, 11 st 2 lbs ( i . Prince) I H. Robertson's Juvenis. 5 years, 11 st 2 lbs (E. Ryan) J. Winfield's Maidstone, 5 years, 10 st 11 lbs (Barlow) Captain Macbell's Leveret, 4 years, 10 st 9 lbs (Jewitt) Mr. P. H. Blair's Castle Wellan, 5 years, 10 st 9 lbs (Lonham) Sir F. Johnstone's Hessleden, 6 years, 10 st 9 lbs (R. I' Anson) Mr. A. Yates's Jupiter, 4 years, 10 st 9 lbs (including 7 lbs ex tra) (Mr. V. G. Hobson) Lord M. Beresford's br h Chilblain, 6 years, 10 st 9 lbs (Jones) Mr. W. Coode's Chancellor, 6 years, 10 st 9 lbs (Gregory) E. Hobson's Emerald, 5 years, 10 st 7 lbs (North) TuckweU's Antidote, 4 years, 10 st 7 lbs (J. Adams) Lord Dorchester's Crinoline, 8 years, 10 st 9 lbs (including 7 lbs extra) (Baverstock) Betting at start : 6 to 1 v. Ingomar, 7 to 1 v. Clonave, 100 to 12 v. Castle Wellan, 10 to 1 v. Congress, 100 to 7 v. Industrious, 100 to 6 each v. Ropedancer and Leveret, 20 to 1 each v. Emerald, Hippias, and Florimel, 25 to 1 each v. Jupiter and The Curate, 33 to 1 each v. Harmonides and Antidote, 50 to I v. Hessleden, and 100 to t eich v. Maidstone, Juvtnis, Chancellor, and Crinoline. The sig nal was given after a couple of slight failures, and Hessle den having been pushed to the front he was followed round the loop below the stand by Enle'rald, Juvenis, Leveret, The Curate, and Maidstone. From start to finish the pace was good, and Hessleden increased his command down the hill to at least half-a-dozen lengths. They had nearly completed one round of the coarse, when Ingomar threads! his way into the feremast rank, at the same time that Clonave, on the outside, became as promi nent as anything. Over the succeeding flight of hunlles — the fitf h — the last-named bore his colours to the front, and with Hessleden at once beating a retreat Congress drew into immediate attendance upon his eld rival. Industrious was as harmless now as Hessleden, and it did not take long from this point for Clonave to shoot his bolt. His decline left Congress at the head of affairs to the Woodside, when, for a brief space, Jupiter took up the running. This was only at the expense, nevertheless, of some punishment, and through the bottom he gave way, with Congress, to Rope dancer, Castle Wellan, and Ingomar, which trio was joined at the half-mile-post by Antidote; Jupiter, Florimel, and Harmonides following three or four lengths from them. At this stage none of the others pos- ' sessed the ghost of a chance, and although Ropedancer perhaps had a shade the best of Castle Wellan through the bottom, they had no sooner turned towards home than In gomar began to forge ahead. Over the last hurdles, where Antidote was falling back, he cleared his opponents, and, coming rather wide of them to the foot of the hill, it re- ' quired little imagination on the part of his backers to proclaim him a gallant winner. Castle Wellan and Ropedancer were struggling stride for stride in his wake to the top of the hill, where Har monides and Florimel closed with them right and left; but although Hannonides singled himself out of this quar tette at the distance, his endeavours to overhaul Ingomar w ere of no avail, and the latter won in grand style by ten lengths. About half as far behind Harmonides a de termined fight was earned on to the end for the remaining situation, which' Florimel secured by a neck from Castle Wellan and Ropedancer, whom it would have been impossible to separate, with Jupiter sixth, Crinoline seventh, Congress eighth, Industrious ninth, Antidote tenth, and Hessleden eleventh (all more or less pulling up), while the remainder walked in, and Clonave, who as well as Industrious broke the skin of his fore legs by striking a hurdle, last of all. Net value of the stakes, £1265. Time, by Benson's chronograph, 4 minutes 68 seconds. _ , The fecond day was one of rainstorms, and the attend ance to witness tie great steeplechase was unusally small in consequence. The field was a small one, too, for clerks of courses who give £500 in added money expect more than seven horses to mustsr at the post. There were two Grand National candidates in Shifn«l and Captain Machell's pet of the close of last season, Regal, and this pair, it was allowed by all, had only Furley to fear. But Furley had , won over this very course before, and moreover was wonder | fully fit. However, he was done forYhree-quartera of a | 1 mile from home, and as Regal fell when half the distance I had been covered, it was left to an outsider in the shape of the despised Little Tom to fight it out with the favourite. And a real ding-don? _ set to it was all the way up the cords, horses and jockeys alike having had enough long before they passed the judge's chair, when Shifnal's number was hoisted on the tele graph, and it was known that one of the most unlucky cross country performers had actually won a good stake at last. The United Kingdom Grand Handicap Steeplechase of 25 sovereigns each, 10 forfeit (in case of acceptance), with 600 added ; winners extra ; the secondreceived 60 sovereigns, end third saved stake ; about four miles j twenty -two ac ceptances. Mr. John Nightingall's br h Shifnal, by Saccharomcter out of Countess Amy, aged, 10 st 12 lbs (R 1' Anson) ... 1 Gomm's Little Tom, aged, 11 st 2 lbs (Mr. E. P. Wilson)... 2 H. Baltazzi's Wcathercock, 5 years, 10 st 11 lbs (Marsh*... 3 Schawell's ch g Furley, aged, 11 at 12 lbs (Mr. G. Moore) I A. Poole's Judge, aged, 11 st 12 lbg (Mr. Bambridgc) Captain Machell's Regal, 5 years, 11 st 9 lbs (Jewitt) H. Houldsworth's Last of the Lambs, aged, 10 st 11 lbs (AY. Daniels) BettLig : 9 to 4 v. Shifnal,. 100 to 30 v. Kegal, 4 to 1 v Furley, 100 to 8 v. Judge, and 100 to 6 each v. Weather cock and Little Tom. Furloy and Shifnal ran side by side for a couple of hundred yards, when the favourite on the left drew out, and was followed over the first fence by Weathercock, Furley, and Regal, whilst Last of the ? Lambs gave an early taste of his bad manners by a refusal. Shifnal carried on the running from Regal, Furley, and Little Tom in tbe order named to the water in front of the stand, which Regal crossed almost simultaneously with Shifnal. Here Little Tom was going on third, just before Furley and Weathercock, and Last of the Lambs was con tinu:ng a hopeless pursuit to his original stumbling-block, v.hen a third halt on his part induced Daniels to return to the paddock. By this time they had nearly completed half the journey, and far more serious than the tumble of Judge at the next drop fence in the open was the accident that befel Regal. Hav ing slightly over-jumped himself, he got both forolegs through the reins, and although Jewitt did notlobe his seat there was no alternative but to dismount, so that before matters had been put straight, the remaining quartette were a quarter of a mile away. Under the circumstances he walked back in company with J udge, and Shifnal led Fur ley, Little Tom, and Weathercock at a good pace to the stand water the second time, when the top weight, who was pulling Mr. Moore out of the saddle, closed with Shifnal on the inside. Although they rose simultanemsly, the favourite was the quicker on his feet again ; but over the succeeding drop Furley took a decided cimmand. Through the farmhouse enclosure Furley was rattling along upon excellent terms with his pilot, and Shifnal waited upon him until five furlongs frsm home. Through the bottom both were sticking well to their work, and Shif nal had half a length the best of it at the last fence, when Furley pecked upon landing, and at once lost his place. In fact, the next hundred yards saw him passed by Little Tom, and when Shifnal tried to shirk the hurdles by boring to the left the midland champion shot up all of a sudden on the inside, and was at the girths of the favourite in climbing the hill. Thence a long and tiring struggle ensued between the pair, atid the issue always hung in the balance until the goal was reached, and the verdict given on behalf of Shifnal by a neck, with Weathercock a bad third, and Furley, w*alking in, fourth. Net value of the stakes, £725. Time by Benson's chronograph, 9 min4 sec. Sandown Park meetings appear _ not to be viewed with a propitious eye by the clerk of the weather ; but in this era of stoims and floods the first Spring Meeting oime off fairly well, the sandy soil not being so prejudicially affected as the clay of the suburbs or ihe loam of the shires. Two events call for passing remark. The first day gave us a grand race between Mr. Swaine's Revenge, aged, 12 st. (Mr. G. Moore), and Captain Machell's Leveret, 4yeara, 10 st. 10 lbs. (Jewitt), in the Home Counties Grand Hurdle Race, the former winning a mot-t exciting finish by a short head. The second day's piece de resistance was the Prince of Wales's Steeplechase of 20 sovereigns each, with 300 added, which also resulted in a victory for Revenge — this time with 12 st. 7 lbs. in the saddle— and Mr. ft. Moore, who won by fifty lengths from Mr. Houldsworth's Daybreak and threB others. The February meeting at Croydon also boasted of two events over hurdles and a country which should not be passed over unnoticed. The weather was wretched in the extreme; but len eported silk for the Spring Handicap Hurdle Race, which resulted in Lord Dorchester's Crino line, by Lord Lyon, 4 years, 10 st. 2 lbs., beating Mr. Aller ton's Challenger, 4 years, 10 st. 4 lbs., by half a length. The Croydon First Spring Steeplechase of 20 sovereigns each, with 300 added, also brought out a field of ten, w$h Lord Marcus Beresf oid's Derviche a hot favourite, and old Oxonian, the most reliable of trial horses over all courses up to a mile, actually top weight. This comes of cutting down our fences, and reducing a steeplechase to the level of a hack hurdle race at a country fair. However, the favourite could get no nearer than second, and Oxonian was nowhere. It seemed at one time as if Lord Marcus were to win ; but L'Orist, an outsider, came with a wet sail from the distance, and Adam's determined riding just brought him home by half a length, Sir J. D. Astley s Broomieknowe finishing third. The Grand Military and Rugby Hunt Steeplechases were to have opened -his the last week of the so-called illegitimate season, but the heavy fall of snow in the mid \- lands stopped sport, and the meeting was postponed to the close of the week. Bristol Steeplechases, however, have been brought off without mishap, though their being held again on the same scale is not very likely, as support from the neighbouring district is but soant. The City Grand Annual Hurdle Race brought out a Grand National candi date in Palm, by WeBt Australian out of Sabine, aged, 12 st. 3 lbs. (Mr. A. Yates), who, with 3 to 1 againBt him, beat Emerald, Ropedancer, and six others with ease by a length and a half, and advanced to 9 to 1 for the blue riband of steeplechasing at Liverpool. The Bristol Royal Steeple chase of 600 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 23 sove reigns each, did not bring to the post a very high-class field, owing to the great event of the year over Aintree being so close at hand. The result was in favour of Little Tom, aged, 10 st. 9 lbs., upon whom Mr. E. P. Wilson has in previous races made a name ; Peter Simple, aged, 10 St., was second ; and Dainty, aged, 11 st., third. The 6ensatien in racing circles during the past fortnight has been the sale of the Derby and Two Thousand favour ite, Petrarch, the winner of the Middle Park Plate, who has been purchased by Lord Dupplin, and has arrived at Newmarket, from Mitchel Grove, John Dawson being now his trainer. Various rumours are afloat as to the price paid for the crack ; but I believe I shall be not far from the right figure when I name 9000 guineas as the amount of the cheque. Petrarch is now quoted at 9 to 4 for the Guineas, and 6 to 1 for the Derby. ? Coursing is now nearly over for thiB season. The Water loo Cup running wsb very interesting, and, though Honey moon did not win a second vear in sucoession, die did her self credit by getting nearly to the end of the stake. The public will not fail to back her if she retains any form at all next winter, and Mr. W. H. Clark, whe purchased her from Mr. Ford Hutchinson for £600 at Altcar, has already backed his nomination at jOdfi to 500 for next year's cap, and has also taken 20 to 1 to £200 that she wins the trophy. The deciding course between Donald and Lord Glendyne was one of the best trials of the meeting, thfe blue riband has never been more faWy won. . Donald and Lord Glendyne weqs slipped to a capital hare, which the former reached four lengths in advance, and, keeping his place, secured the second turn, when pass came round to Lora Glendjne, but he had done little or nothing before Donald again assumed the lead, and going very determinedly never g*ve Lord Glendvne the least chanoe of obtaining a favourable verdict, finishing one of the best deciding Waterloo Cup trials ever run with a meritori ous kill. Donald is a fourth season black dog by Master Burleigh out of Phoenix, and the \ r jperty of Mr. R. M. Douglas, of Deivock, county Antrim, Ireland. He first ran as the pro perty of Mi. Gardiner, at the Creagh Club October Meeting in 1873, and won two courses in the St. Leger Puppy Stakes before being drawn in favour of Honeymoon. In the following month he was put out in the first round of the Clermont Cnp Produce Stakes at the county Louth and Meath Club Meeting, and waa then laid by until tbe | following year, when he came out for the Brownlow Cup at the Lurgan Open Meeting in October, and won four courses— Seating Heart's Delight, Larry Lonsdale, V.R., and Rover — before being put out by Honeymoon. This was his only performance in 1874 ; but last October, we find him again competing for the Brownlow Cup, but this time put out in the first round by Darcarolle, though he improved on this running later on, and at the Creagh Club Meeting ran up to Signal for the Creigh Stakes, beating S ignal Call, Frolio, Old Still, and Antler. This was his last appearance in public prior to his running through the Waterloo Cap I Ihisweek. And so another Waterloo Cup, the fifth since 1868, has gone across St. George's Channel, and the example set by Lord Lurgan and Master M'Grath has been most worthily followed. Donald's pluck was very noticeable, for he re ceived a deep cut in one of his hinu legs in the fourth ties, and was very lame immediately after he had killed in the deciding course. Honeymoon's defeat by his kennel com panion was a great blow, but it proved a ' straight tip ' ior the result. The Purse was won by Wellingtonia, Suspense running up; and Handicraft and Midnight were the two leading performers in the Plate. The meeting was admir ably managed, the crowd most orderly, ' fur ' plentiful, and the judging unimpeachable. The Soutn Lancashire Champion Meeting is always famous, by reason of the 128-dog Scarisbrick Champion Cup. It is an immense stake to get through, and gives elipper and judge an immensity of hard work. The final course was somewhat spoiled by two hares getting up, but it was geneially considered that in all probability the Cup went to the best performer in Master Sam, who beat Vic toria. The Waterloo doge were conspicuous by their absence.. In this dull season, just as the various colleges at Oxford and Cambridge are bf ginning to hold their annual athletic meetings, we liave been startled by the wonderful perform ances of the famous American pedestrian, Edward Payson. Wet ton, undoubtedly the greatest long- distance walker of the age. He has now within the past three weeks per formed the marvellous feats of walking (1) 109 miles 832 yards in twenty -four hours, (2) 180 miles 66S yards im forty-eight houis, (3) 275 miles in seventy-five hours, and (4) 460 miles in six days ! His last attempt was to walk 500 miles in six days, but he was very unwell the third day, an4 hi® rate of progression fell off too much to allow of' his making up the lee-way. He his had several in different peds. of ours to walk against him, but none of them have been in good training, and the arrangements in connection with the food given t - them, the accommodation when they required rest, &c.;, ware most un satisfactory ; and it is to be regretted that Weston had anybody on the track but himself. The only good walker who has measured hiB powers with him his been our champion, Perkins, who has walked eight miles in an hour, but never gone in for long distances, and at fifty miles he was done for by his feet knocking up. Westm's feet are always bathed with whisky when he rests, and they have only blistered once in the course of four long walks like those above named. In the third match he actually walked ninety miles without stopping. All the matches have been in the Agricultural Hall at Islington, round and round which vast building the energetic pedestrian paces monoton ously night and day, never stopping more than three hours at a time to rest, greatly to the distress of the judges, who at the end of' the six days' walk were quite as tired as Weston himself. In this match he showed the most un daunted determination to do his utmoBt, in spite of ill-health and great leg- weariness. As many as 15,000 people were - at the hall on Saturday night to see him finish, and he received a most enthusiastic ovation. Weston walks on a track made of clay and gravel firmly settled down. His get-up consists of top- boots and trousers cut short at the knee, linen shirt, and light hat, and he carries in his hand a long whip. He is always wonderfully full of life and spirits, and is very fond of getting the band to march round the ball behind him whilst he plays first cornet to their accompaniment. His food has varied con siderably, but he takes a modicum of meat, confining him self chiefly to beef-tea, chicken jelly, eggs, and tea. The following are Weston'B ehief performances : — On the 29th of October, 1867, Weston left Portland, Me., and walked from Portland, Me., to Chicago, 111., a distance of 1326 miles, in 1 hour 20 minutes Icbs than twenty-five days, between 12 o'clock noon on October 29 and 20 minutes to 11 a.m., November 28. On this occasion the trial was to accomplish the task within thirty consecutive days, without _ walking during the 24 hours constituting each of the four 'Sundays. Weston faithfully adhered to thiB obligation, and also rested in Hartford one entire secular day, and, notwithstanding this, arrived at Chicago 1 hour and 20 minuteB within the specified time. In October, 1868, over an accurately measured road in Westchester county, New York, ie also accomplished the tank of walking 100 miles in 22 hours 19 minutes 10 seconds ; and in January and February, 1869, Weston walked from, Bangor, Me., through New Hampshire and Vermont, pass ing oyer the Green Mountains and through Northern and Central New York to Buffalo, N. Y., walking a distance of 1068 miles — 1050 of these miles being over snow — in thirty days. At the Empire Rink, New York, May 25, walked. 100 miles in 21 hours 38£ minutes (consecutive;, and at the same place, on June 13 of the following year, he accom plished the task of covering 112 miles in 23 hours 44 minutes 45 seconds (consecutive), walking the first 100 of the distance in 21 hours 1 minute. From June 12 to 16 (inclusive), at the Empire Rink, Weston walked 409 miles (including the 112 miles described above) in 4 days 23 hours 32 minutes (consecutive), whilst on October 14, at Macon. Ga., under the auspices of the City Government, Weston walked 60 miles in 9 hours 41 minutes 38 seconds (consecutive), and then an additional half-mile backward, completing tHe whole (60£ miles) in 9 hours 49 minutes 45 saconds (consecutive), without making a stop. In the year 1874,. on May 11, at the American Institute Hall, New York, Weston far excelled all previous efforts by w ilking 115. miles in 23 hours 61 minutes (consecutive), walking the first 100 miles in 20 hours 38 minutes, and from May 11 to 16 (inclusive), at the Institute Hall, walked 430 miles » within six consecutive days, including the 115 miles re corded above. In Philadelphia, Pa., June 17, 18, 19, and. 20, 1874, Weston accomplished the unparalleled task of walking 200 miles in forty hours — that is, he walked fifty miles within ten consecutive hours each day for four suc cessive days, each trial being made without making a rest. At the conclusion of each fifty miles he al6o walked an additional half-mile backward. At the Industrial H»ll Newark, N. J., December 14, Weston, for the second time, also accomplished the task of walking 115 miles within, twenty- four consecutive hours, while from the 14th to 19th (inclusive), he covered 500 miles in o days 23 hours - 38 minutes, including the 115 miles above recorded. Football is almost over, and at the Public schools batw and balls are already being looked up. The International. Match between England and Scotland, under Rugby Foot, ball Union rules, came off at Kensington Oval, on Monday week, before some 5000 spectators, and resulted in a victory for the English twenty by a goal and a try to nothing after a splendid match. Thus England has beaten both Scotland and Ireland. The staff and gentlemen cadets of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich have generously presented to the committee of the Rugby Football Union a splendid challenge cup of the value of £180, with silver medals for the winning fifteen, to be competed for annually by the leading Union C lubs. Athletes are already in harness ; and an old Rngbeian, Mr. Brooks, of Oxford University, the amateur champion high-jumper of 1874, cleared 5 feet U£ inches last week in a trial. The rival tights, now waning up to th»+London» water, at present are engrossing all attention. Lox&on;, March 17. ANGLIC ANUS. . 