NOTES OF TRAVEL ABOUT THE WORLD. Iw ' My Circular Notes,' Mr. J ? F. Campbell has gives a most truly graphic and amusing sketch ? f his tour round the world in 1874. With the experiences of travel he had already gathered in far differed clinics to those of which he now writes, he naturally selects the most telling f aints and \- subject*, and, but for a somewhat irrelevant tendency to make fan oat of everything, he weald be a first-rate traveller. It is to be regretted, however, that he has retained the form of letters to his relatives and friends, in tha nnfM in-rA AnmnalW irnfhtn and ho j nnf )iia retain, digested the information thus stored up in a narrative. In leprinting let* era without very 6erieus cuttings and altering*, it is impossible to avoid repetitions, as, necessarily, the same incidents are tild, or at least alluded to, in more ihtn one despatch. In spite, however, of these drawbacks the volumes are excellent and will be gladly perused by all who want to refresh their memory on the wonders of California, China, Japan, Bafavia, aud Ceylon— to all of which places tha author's visit extended. Underlying all his remarks will be found bis wi*h, as an Islay man full of Gaelic lore, to trace in the language and the legends of those places a connection with tbe legends and language of hi£ own High land home. This tendency crops up constantly, but not obtrusively, and formB a thread on wnich most of the re flections of the traveller are hung. The illustrations are scarcely worthy of the work, and this is due to the deter mination of the author to have his own rough sketches a ad photographs, made on the spot, reproduced without im provement or alteration. No doubt, m one sense, his ex cuse for this decision is right, aa they show the best oopv from nature which a vagrant artist was able to make with liia mat eiiala in the time he had to spare at the places he wished to represent. Most travellers' rough sketches are very often so much improved by H the skilled hands who make books,' that the imagination of the home artist has quite as much to do with the picture as the sketch of the traveller is but too true, tttill, roughness may be carried to an extreme, and even effect be somewhat lost by such a process. Such volumes ate, of oourte, mines of anecdote and description. We will give a few specimens. THE FIB8T ARTICHOKB. ' The ooast has nothing remarkable but flatness and sand. ' The whlrus and the carpenter wept like anything to' see such quantities of sand.' It is not a cheertul coast. The most remarkable thing on the voyage is the water's tempera ton, which I have copied from the log. While we were sailing from cloud to cloud off Newfoundland, we were crossing lanes of hot and cold water, turn about, and that aocounts f«r the condensation. ? What is teetotalers' grog P' said a Yankee. ' Animal spirits and water, sir, I guess,' he added, and grinned. A lot of them were drink ing luge tumblers of cocktails and other decoctions long before breakfast. Oh that I oould tell vou the storv of an artichoke as it was told this morning by a jolly old man ! ''Me and Joe, and my wife and his, was dining iu Paris : and Joe, be ordered an artichoke. ' What's that ? ' I said. 'It's an artichoke,' said he; 'Will you take someP' 'No,' says I. 'Mother told me tooafiureti eat artichokes; I'll have one for myself.' So when it came we looked at eat h other, for we was green. We didn't know which end of the animal to attack. So first we began at the hard end, and that pricked our mouths ; and we didn't think much of artichokes. 'That can't be right,' flays Joe. So we began at the other end, and scraped out the middle, and ate that. ' My,' said the wife, ' I was that ill tbat I had to leave the table. It's all prickles and hairs, and they etuck in my throat.' Well, we did not think anything at all of artichokes that time, but next time we got a man that knew how to fix it, and then we liked them well enough, I guess. Yes, sir, that's so ! ' ' SMUGGLING. ' The custom-house officer in tbe cabin made us sign a declaration. Then he asked me solemnly,' Will you swear to it P ' Yes,' said I.' and kiss the book if yon live one.' But he had not got a Bible bandy. Then we were searched, and I passed free, being too old a bird to carry anything worth bribing for. It so fell out, as I was told, that a pas senger by this same ship landed at this same port smoking a long cigar. He had signed all the declarations. He entered into agreeable airy converse with this same custom house officer, or some other as 'cute, and he offered him a magnificent cigar. The other accepted it and said, ' Will you favour me with a light P ' He took the long oigar, aud beld it fast, and ripped it up with a penknife as sharp as he m and out of the mouth end of the burning roll ?of baojy rolled contraband diamonds worth untold -dollars. The miserable owner who tried to cheat these authorities was detected and disgraced, nay, worse, he was fined. Now, the best and cheapest plan is to have a clear ?conscience, and then you clear yeur boxes without bribing Tery clever men. If you have a weak place in your inside, .custom-house officers tee it, even through blue spectacles , and they go for von at once. I never smuggle, for it is of no. nap, unless I bribe, and that is costly ana unsafe. Some clever men are honest Once upon a time I tried an experi ment at Southampton. I had nothing worth taxing, and little worth anything to anybody by way of personal pro perty, bnt I was arriving from lands of brandy and cheap cigars, and I had a pair of wooden shoes. These I put into my pockets, and over my face I spread a mask of guilty oansoiousness. I walked to the Bide, nervously jerk ing towards the {dace where these sabots were concealed. A custom-house officer accidentally touched my clothes. 4 Have you anything to declare ?' sail the man in authority. 4 No,' I said. ' Have you anything contraband about your person f he said, with emphasis. ' No,' I saidl ' Will you allow me to see what vou have in your pockets ?' 1 Yes,' J add, and produced, a pair of sabots, with sheepskin coven, fit for a small French child. * Pass on, sir,' said the officer.' Since die Introduction of Turkish baths into England, i twith their attendant shampooera on a mild scale, the follow ing sketch oi that process in Japan will be welcome : — A JAP AN EBB BHAMPOOEB. w The common Japanese luxury of being kneaded and smnched like dough by a baker was new to me. A tired ixrieni, who had walked far, sent his Japanese servant to fetch* celebrated operator. Two old women came. One practitioner took the patient, the other, unasked, took me ; «othweie wrinkled, plain-headed, brown female persons, with carefully- blackened teeth and shaved eyebrows, to icrove their entire respectability. I had somewhere seen a torrid picture of Britannia diained of her life-blood by a 'vampire bishop. I think it was an H. B. of 1830. It horrified and haunted me, and rose up unbidden when I saw my prostrate comrade on the flat of his back, and this terrible old black -toothed being clawing his throat and the {.lace where his heart ought to be and his dinner was. I tried to sketch them, when my own left leg was grasped, and down I went beside my friend, tip one leg and down 4Va a4)iai- nn anna iIaoti fravnlla^ ftlO fftloTKl ftf tVl lit terrible old nn»t™ni««i witch with all the skill of a surgeon best on vivisection. Every muscle seemed to be familiar to her fingers as strings to a harper. Each in turn was pulled ana rolled and stretched ana replaced exactly where it ought to go. The knee-pan was rolled about and eased ; the eoles of the feet were slapped, and the ankles arranged. Every bit of the body that would have suffered from hard work was treated with the skill of a dressmaker folding rumpled clothes. 'Arigato,' eaid I, when properly smoothed out; 'thank you.' 'Arigato,' said my com rade, who was a private secretary in the Gladstone Minis try ; and then we presented coinB in paper to the operators, and compared notes. ''Do yon like it?' * Well, not much.' ' ' How do you feel after it ?' ' Much aB I felt before.' ?Sodol.' u8obp thirty and odd years &gal; was tired and dasty,acd took a Turkish bath at Napo'.i di ftomagna in sunny Greece. A very muscular old Greek shampooed me, and £ never shall forget him. I can see him now in a haze of ?team. He cracked every joint in my body. The last he did was to cross my aims on my chest, Imed on them, put a haul aider my back, and give a sudden wrench, which made some thing about my shoulder-blades crack like a ip- t Sinoe then I have read the Water Poet's description of breaking a man on the wheel. The Japanese proceeding M the least unpleasant of these three; but I don't seem to «re much abent be-ng shampooed again. The usual effect is narrotic, and the result the abstraction of loose ooin. The artiste generally are blind men.' Curiosity hunters will be glad to learn that the late revo lution in Japan has had a marked effect on the euro market. Wiihnewideas in g .veinnent, religion, and living, tt e dresef s, ornawente, end teiigiou* effect* . once no treasured, have been cast aside, and now crowd the shops of the brica brac collcctora, whiih r foreigners so freely resjri. Oar author apparently arrived in Jap in at the very moment when theie wes, in conFer.nenco, a glut of ihe wares over which English' pevp^e gloat, simply because they are foreign, end his stores of purchases, if they arrived safely, must be worth inspection. The following sketch of a child's fair illustrates the change that has taken place in Japanese behaviour, not only amongst themselves, but especially with reference to foreigners : — A CHILD'S FAItt. 'My own great entertainment is in the stiejts. On Wednesday, 2nd, I stopped my running- coolie and stood for half an hour on a neap of stones watching a street juggler ; he did a gieat many tricks that I never saw before, end right well : e.g., he swallowed a tobacco-pipe all alight, drank wafer and fanned his stomach, and smoked at the mouth and nose. Then the pipe came out of his mouth and went in a^ain, and wee followed by more water, and more smoke followed. A great ring of children and grown people, men and women, stood round the per former, and then came tricks whieh I will not describe. lueuw ojj uu jistaza, a quarter aooui six mues from this house. There we saw a regular child s fair at the door of a gieat temple surrounded by grand trees. Then we went to a flower shuw. There were a dozen groups of men, women, and children ; and ghosts, and junks, and Chinese tailor?, and snow men and women all made up of living chrysanthemums chosen to suit the coloured figures. Only faces and hands and small bits of the figutea were masks and models, and these were exceedingly clever. The man, frightened at the ghost, cowered in terror under a cloak of blossoms set close together as flowers on any silk. The sno w man had a face to match and was a ball of white blossom at least ten feet high. Near him was a child dressed in a dozen colours, rolling a ball of blossoms about three feet high. The junk was fifteen to twenty feet high and ten yards long. The nails all made of. bio - some, and the crew dressed in them. I thought of K., and determined to make his mouth water. Then we went to a t a-house, and had a capital Japanese dinner with hot sake to diink, out of cups, and with chopsticks to eat with. This art I have learned and will practise when next I cat with you. Then we went to see the archery. There sat solemn parties solemnly shooting arrows at a dram target which sounded each hit. Beautiful damsels sat at .n.lb i- C.«. ? Jl~ ? ? cbiu uww| cuucoiuig ub w ttoia. iu* cuiuc ivauy wcio pretty girls, and their get up was gorgeous, but I am too old to shoot, so I went to the fair and priced a doll, and was called a Tojin Papa (Chinese) by a small imp. I made a face at him and gained his affection. Then we took to serious shopping in back slums. At each shop a serious grave crowd gathered round us, men, women, and babies, and now and then a policeman, with a long stick, drove them away. But nobody showed the least inactivity or un kindness. Ten years ago men rode these streets, escorted ty soldiers, and murders and outrages abounded. There has been a revolution. At dusk we came on a shop devoted to making and mending family shrines. There they were from t$n feet high to six inches, and down to half-an-inch, carved, gilded, lacquered, elaborate devioes, models of temples, snakes, Buddha, all the Japanese Pantheon going for five pounds the largest. I bought two divinities for three shillings, and they are packed for home. Then, as I could see to more, we hailed three iinrilrishaB and as many coolies to draw them, and were run home for three shillings, about six miles. This is foreign travel indeed j If I could but talk I should be happy.' Returning home, via Ceylon, Mr. Campbell made several excursions into the interior of that always interesting country, and has ornamented the covers of his volumes with a fac-simile in silver of the fabulous impression of the foot of Adam, -so dear to Singhalese. To judge from this foot print, our great ancestor had let his feet spread and avoided the semblance of even a sandal. These volumes conclude with a geographical memoir on the Period of Polar Glacia tion, based on facts furnished by the countries through which the authqr has travelled in his many wanderings. — lelVs Messenger. 