NEWS AND NOTES. The polling for the South Western Province seat will take place to-day, the retiring candidate, Mr Belcher, being opposed by Mr Zeal The poll will be from nine to four o’clock, and the following are the polling places, in thisr district:—Court-house, Ballarat East; Mining Board- room, "BallaratWest;- Court-, house,; Buninypng;, Common School, Eger ton,-'.Court house,; Gordon;- Court-house, Piggoreet; Court-house, Linton;; Court-house, Carngham;: Common! School, Whim Holes; Mechanics’ Institute, Rokewood; Court house : and Found-buildings,' Smytheadale; Common School, Mount. Clear; Leigh .Creek, Warreriheip;' Common r School, Sebastopol; Mrs il'lntosh’s. store)' Pitfield. ’ '■ ‘ ' . ; -i The South-Western Province election at Linton is .creating quite an excitement, both candidates'baying -large .committees formed -to-promote-the. return.. o£. their man; but from what can.be learned quietly, the .old and tried member-will' have’ the greater-number of. votes. . Linton being entirely a mining district, Mr iZeal’s, wonderful liberality does not take well there.-' \--The anniversary services.in connection with the ■Lydiard;street Wesleyan. Church were held on - Sun- ; ; day, ; when .the ~Rev. W. L. Dinks, of. St., Hilda,' : ,preached ;morning .and evening. In the morning the church' was full, and in the evening it was crowded, seats being placed: up the aisles, and : even then numbersi were,unable to gain admission.. In fact the church has not been so crowded for many a' ‘ lung time past. The morning’s text was Acts siiL, 25, and in the evehing.the text was Isaiah..viii.,.Xl.'.. The', collections at both services amounted - to, over-£23; This evening there will be a tea meeting in the Dana street hall followed by a public meeting in the church, when the Re v. Mr Binks and a number of other'clergy men will address thbmeeting. ; V :H -U The .monthly meeting of the Town Mission com mittee was held on Friday evening. Present—Mr J. N. Davis (in the' chair), and Messrs .Whitehead, Little, i-Summeracales, Smith; -.Tregaskis, Sneddon, Gray, and .Briaut. The vice- president, Mr, Jacob. Thomas, was unable to be present through domestic bereavement, and a letter of sympathy, was addressed to him.' The 'missionary’s report showed 220, visits made during the month, and 37 evangelistic and temperance meetings. The sum of £6 had'been expended in the relief of sickness 3 and.. distress. , t The Penny Sayings Bank. recently commenced was'steadily increasing its useful-’’ ness,land embracedUpwafdsof 150 depositdfs. 'A hew harmonium had - been- presented to the Mission Hall through"the’ kindness of a few friends.-- 'A series -of monthly lectures - on/ popular. subjects-by,well-known gentlemen had been arranged .for the'next eight months.,i; The finances of the mission were reported satisfactory. ' There was a heavy pelting hailstorm on Saturday forenoon, with signs-, of another : break-up in the weather, bat the afternoon was . fair, and the night bright and .cold. iIA JflocKdf swans passed over I :;the town the day before, their,; course .being from the south to the north-west, and there may be weather signs in the fact for those who know how to read theca.:;, . -. , .-/ ■ ... . . .. Mr Crow, of the St.Mungo hotel, announces:else-: where that this ia his forty-fourth birthday, and:tbat he will- be at home to-heartiiy-welcome and- entertain his old and new friends,.of whom he has many., Mr- Crow has resided in Ballarat for. twenty-four years. He also invites his friends to_ meet at his hotel at eight o’clock .this l evening to pa3s~a few pleasant, hours; ■■■■ *■'•-. :v, A few of Mr, T- Livingstone’s friends met him.at Whitehouse’s Union hotel: on Saturday, when Mr L. Whyte, bn behalf of the donors, presented-a gold albert' chain- add locket to Mr Livingstone,.-who is leaving the Mount Rowan State school for Craigie. ,The locket-bore-the following inscription:—‘‘-Pre-; seated to T. Livingstone, Esq.,. - by a few admiring friends. Ballarat, August,: 1876.” Mr Livingstone: suitably acknowledged the gift, and a pleasant: time was spent together., t - A horse, with wagonette attached, made a bolt on ; Saturday afternoon, from opposite this office, but for tunately was brought to a standstill without accident' .before it succeeded in getting farther than the ■Corner, • ..; ..." Councillor, Williams has. a notice of motion! ur the City Council this afternoon to increase the Fire Brigade vote from;£3oo to £350.,, t On Saturday- evening MF A. T. Morrison’s central committee met at the Carriers’ Arms, Skipton street, to arrange measures for the approaching contest for the south ;ward. : Mr M‘Lennon took the chair, and between, fifty and of the candidate were present. Several gentlemen reported very favor ably of the results of their canvass. Steps were taken to continue a thorough canvass of the ward. ...... Our Blackwood correspondent writes on:2nd inst.; —‘‘Religious and temperance meetings have lately taken precedence of all other matters., of general- in-, terest, and the last week has .been no exception to this rule. The Bible Christians,-whose hew church building on Barry’s Reef I referred to in last report, celebrated • their opening services by a tea meeting, ..held in the hall,of the Mechanics’lnstitute, on Mon day evening, after which addresses were delivered by various speakers, Mr Butson officiating; as chairman. The Rev. - Cbenball, as resident minister, stated the financial position, showing ah expenditure of £l9O, of which about £6O had been collected or estimated at that amount, including proceeds of tea meeting, &c.;, paying a very , high compliment .to the . assistance .and good feeling exhibited towards himself by the clergy-' men.of other denominations at'Blackwood. Addresses) humorous; pointed, and -appropriate, by -tho’- Revs. Smith, Brunton, Orchard, and Netherby, concluded a most successfurgathering.” - - : ’’B: - !v.■ The Rev. W, Henderson in St. Andrew's Kirk on Sunday night preached a sermon touching' oh'the proper amusements of our youth, taking'.for his text" Zachariah viii., 4,5. The rev. gentleman referred to the r Franzini : business at the Mechanics’ Institute, which he spoke'' against,', and with regard to ; the remark in that lady’s letter which appeared; in the Star lately about, “puritanical spirit,” he said ihathe only wished he could be buried alongside the old Puritans! ' ' : The skating rink presented, a lively scene oh‘Satur day evening, , and a large number of skaters -j were skimming merrily round the room to the strains of the “ Blue Danube” or some other delightful waltz. Over 600 persona visited the Mechanics’ Institute on Saturday night, when Mdlle. Franzini Appeared for the last time in her bicycle feats. • In the afternoon a large number of children attended a performance of Fuuch and Judy,-and the-roars of laughter which emanated from them showed how they appreciated the fun. This evening, in addition to the other company. Miss Benjamin-will appear,- and selections from “ Maritana ” form part of the programme. Mr S. Renforth has also been re-engaged. Gifts will be dis tributed as usual. Mr W. A. Zeal addressed a number of persons in the Hay Market on Saturday afternoon, and .will be found reported elsewhere. The meeting seemed in l dined, on the whole, to have a little fun, and a drunken man,'who got Up on the cart on which the candidate and bis chairman (Mr Eyeringham) were standing, caused some merriment by making several attempts to address the electors, and then calling for three cheers for Mr Zeal. ■ • The directors of the Woollen Company met on Friday, but the auditors’ report was not -submitted to them as expected, it not' having been completed. Messrs J. C. Smith and J. Robertson took their seats at the meeting, but- the . latter gentleman has since sent in his resignation as a member of the) board. ' A man named Daniel Oliver was admitted into the Hospital on Saturday suffering, from a contused arm, which it seems he obtained by.falling over a fehce at Napoleons. ; ", Mr Bprlase still remains in a very , critical state'in the Hospital. ■ '• We ;learn ; that there were eighteen candidates for the appointment of junior clerk at the Ballarat Woollen Factory. There was a close contest at the last between two pupils of the Ballarat Commercial College. . Ultimately Robert W a lker was. appointed. : There 'is' not likely to'be much stir in Buninyong to- day in the polling for a member for the South- Western ‘ Province. The supporters of both Belcher; and Zeal seem positive of their man'polling most in' that division. Our Chinese. fellow-citizens were in' a state of great excitement during the 'whole of Sunday,- and. up to about 3, a.m. this (Monday) morning.- They l believe’ that the souls' of those Chinese who have not died a natural deaih wander restlessly ’ about,'cold - and’ hungry, “seeking rest and finding none,” so'once a - year a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit, and that these spirits may;be properly clad, clothes, something after the style" of milliners’ patterns, are cut out of :gilt paper, and' are -burnt, dissolving very appropriately into thin air. On Sun-’ day, notification of what was to be done for their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, &c.;, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight,' when they were supposed to be all present, a priest, named Che Ah King, who lives at Haddon; commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offerings of the charitable. These consisted of dishes of rice; pork, Ac., cooked,' and laid in two rows .near the fires pre viously lit. ’ Spiritual beverage, in the shape of gin, was emptied on,the ,an 4 niter thq; burning of the paper clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to have eaten, was distributed among the Chinese ragpickers anßJbeggars, none who could afford to deigning to touch it. The lepeKifrom | tKn. ranges Were present, but made their offerings at ariispectful distance from the other Chinamen, and consumed at the close of the ceremony what they had., brought'■■themaelves. Fear,; mote than love seems'to actuate the Celestials in mak : : iugiheir they unless they' make them the spirits will Cause things to be gene rally- .very/,unpleasant for. them during the ensuing twelve months.. Ahbut)£3o“altogether were expended on the affair, £4 being given to the priest, who, as he is the only man in the district'-qualified to do things \- properly, chargee-rather-highly.----- Sturt andßridge streets presented more than their usual lively ; appearaihce-on Saturday night, the clear moonligbt- drawiDg-a -large- number - of-promenaders. “ down the road.” Our- Smythesdale correspondent writes : —“The election for the South-Western Province is just begin ning to be spoken of and, looked, a little interest. The general opinion- in-the district is that Mr Belcher will be returned, as Mr Zeal is only looked as-'a-nominee of: aparticularj party,’ his denial of which is hot'accepted and cannot be ex' plained. Mr Belcher’s friends here.are. working well, and, have met with hearty support.” " -At the.conclusion of the,Agricultural and Pastoral ■ Society’a'meeting on Saturday the'' sub- co’ihmitteaipr pointed considered the tenders for the sale of refresh mentsat the-Ram; Show'to be'held.on the ISthandi 14 th inst, That of Mr Isaac Jonas, of the Earl of Zetland hotel, was accepted,.his, prices being, for a 'capital bill of fare, 2s fid each (without liquors} to the general public, and 3s each (with liquors) to persons , bearing the society’s tickets. In addition to this, he' gives a bonus of £7 7a to the funds of the-society.- -At-the sale by auction, conducted by Mr Kelly shortly afterwards, Mr Jonas became the purchaser, of the publican’s booth also, at £33, the‘competition being , rather, keen, .. The mayor presided at the Town Court on Satur- day and dealt with two drunkards. Emma M'lntosh, who stole a pair of trousers from a Chinaman, was re- manded until the 7th inst. -George • Evans/ ah cable-bodied, -'man of ,_32, was ■ arrested on Sunday for begging. The prisoner is one of the many loafers or swagmen. who infest the out skirts, of the town, and by stating a pitiful case of. destitution sponge on charitable persons, ; , He will be brought before the City bench this morning. * ’ ”' • the meeting of the Agricultural and Pas toral Society on Saturday, Mf MDbwall asked if the president would receive a Reputation from, the,Far mers’-Club,’which deputation'had come to discuss-the question of amalgamation. 'Mr •, Qninlivan said that, due.n'otice of the matter, had not Been given to him, that the society had not 'properly' considered the question, and that there-was-too much important' business in connection with the Bam .Show, on hand,. to enable them to do any thing at that meeting. Some one jocularly suggested' that the secretaries of the different societies might' meet' and-arrange matters, but as ■this'p'ropoaitioh.'was. not .received' with en-. thusiasm by Mr Morrison, it. was, dropped.- .Incon sequence of the non-reception of. the. deputation, the meeting to have been held Of the Farmers’" Clhb was ‘ deferred until next Saturday. Shearing operations will commence at Erciidoun on or about the first Monday in October. The first wool .of. .the 'season was received.'from;ithei.-Wimmera-on; Saturday via StawelL--'.' i!; : We maket'the fqll'oirihgieit'racts from -tho letter of a Melbourne' merchant, at'the time of writing'in New' York, tq‘;a friend- in' Ballarat:—“o ring' chiefly to over- production and adimited export trade business is' depressed; here;" The dry- rot of protection is' eating the heart out’of r the nation, but I; think I see' some' glimmerings of the , light of free-trade breaking ini on' the manufacturers. They freely acknowledge that their hopes of relief lie in an export trade, which they haver can'get until the ports ure'throwh'open.” ; , The annual. the Eemale'Refuga will bel fieWitOTmqrrqw afternoon,' at the Mechanics’ Institute; i.-.;Tbe Rev. Jas. Dick preached at the Town Mission ’Hall' on Sunday night, his subject, being “ Zicchius entertaining Christ.” The hall was filled, and the greatest attention, given. and order preserved by those present. ' '. - \ ■ .At the meeting of the’Ballarat Catholic Young Men’s; Society, held on. Friday last, the debate) Is' Chinese,.labor beneficial to the colony 1” was decided in the negative, after being thoroughly debated. - It was also .announced that next Friday evening "being* 1 essay -night,” members who were notpresent would send in their contributions Bo be read and criticised. A man named Thomas Williams was lodged in : the Eastern lock-up. on . Saturday -night,/charged with stealing an axe, valued at 35, : from Mr Thomas Ellis, Humffray street. . . Senior-constable Nolan saw the -man .loafing empty-handed . around the. Main road early on .-that night, : and passing, him on a subse quent occasion, saw the axe in his possession. As .Williams does not bsar a spotless character, Nolan " arrested' him, on- suspicion. The suspicion was well founded, as shortly afterwards the axe was identified.- Williams- will be brought up at the Town Court this morning.; . .. .R. ... , v A hovel- and interesting sale.took, place on Satur day in .CFarrell’s sale-yards,..when Mr j. P. Howard had put up ..for sale seven-, framed,, and glazed copies of the resolutions - passed at a meeting held .'-.in; the: south ward some .time ago, pro testing against the giving: of testimonials to chair men of the Water Commission and their wive-. The sale attraoted a number of-persons, to the yards, among.whom .were several - prominent gentlemen .in civic matters. Mr O’Farrell , announced that Mr Howard would .give his reasons for.the. sale, and that gentleman coming forward he -was received with some applause. . He said that in the first place he had to pay for the framing and glazing ..of the resolutions, having.' been /dragged .into court over the matter; and that, secondly, he wished these protests against the waste of . municipal funds to be scattered among the middle- classes.'He spoke of the way in which the City Council.; and Water/Commission were spend ing their funds, while; the, money was dragged out of poor and : suffering - ratepayers by the arm of the law. Mr M'DowalL's gifts.from.the Water;Commission, and the expenses incurred in connection with the starting of the Gong Gong, were all referred to pretty strongly by Mr Howard, who, at the conclusion of his remarks,' -was Iqudly applauded. The resolutions were then put up Ifor auction,Being knocked down at the follow ing prices:—los fid, 10s, ss, 4s fid, 3s, and 4s. At the conclusion Mr Howard; called for three cheers for. the auctioneer,: which were, cordially,given) In con nection: with ; this;-matter we.-have .heard absurd •ruinbrs of Me M'Dowall- having agents taking notes of' -Mr Howard’s, remarks, with a view of .instituting a, libel action. . /: It seems "doing’violence to one’s feelings "to talk of abolishing : the; time-honored coroner’s quest, but exigent time is no respecter of ' persons or things,. and they are swept away when worn out. So with ..the new bill introduced by the Attorney-General :and the; Solicitor-General,- the office of coroners by clause 3 is to be absolutely swept away,. with- their deputies and followers. -The duty of enquiry concerning the manner of death of any person drowned, slain, or dying suddenly in- prison or lunatic asylum will devolve on the police magistrate of the district, or in bis absence on two justices, and also the duty of making an inquisition into the cause: or origin.of any fire of stacks, growing produce, or of ships or- merchandise; and by clause 4 full powers 'are conferred to .appre hend. persons, take evidence, &(fi;-and clause 5 gives power to discharge persons -so arrested .or.-to commit them for trial. And failing- any police magistrate or justice of the peace being : available for. holding inquests, the Minister of: the Crown will by clause 6 have power to appoint some other, person to act with full powers for.the inquest. By clause 7 it ie ruled that magistrates shall conduct proceedings in .the manner in which ■ petty sessions are conducted, and 'juries shall not Be . necessary unless so ordered By the Minister; but should- the Minister see cause to order an inquest to-be taken before a jury, clause’B specifies how juries are to be obtained, and, the inquest will be conducted in the same manner as heretofore by coroner’s inquest. Clause 9 states the duties of the ' magistrates taking the enquiry, and other clauses provide for persons charged being ad mitted to bail, and the recognisances are to be taken in the form transcribed. The 13th clause makes it com pulsory that a licensed publican shall receive any body that may be brought: to his house for the purpose of an inquest,- or a penalty of five pounds .in case -he should refuse; - - the : publican to be paid £l"for every inquest held-at bis house. A clause provides for the exhumation of any body or re mains, under certain necessary precautions; and tbs old clause from the Coroners’Act is imported into this'bill, making it necessary for anyone: demanding 'an enquiry into cause of .fire to pay the sum of five guineas. ' ' -' :; There .is one discreditable feature in connection with the South-Western Province election (says, the Suninyong Telegraph) which calls' for the hearty condemnation of every elector .not lost to self respect or" blinded by" party politics. We allude to the assertion; persistently made by Mr Zeal at all the' corners .of the province that be intends) if elected, to distribute the £3OO he. would' receive among the charities that .abound, in the province. We read of this, pernicious proceeding being applauded to) the echo; but wewpuldask, is this not bribery clothed in an attractive garb ! Perhaps it'may not appear tb the electqrs undergoing such a process of temptation that, they are guilty qf listening) to" a species of whole sale bribery, but quch‘is the caee nevertheless. How- : ever,it;is well known that Mr Belcher did not pocket a single penny of theraouey 'during his tenure of' office, so Mr Zeal cannot gain.much from his perni cious proposal.. ■ . A-somewhat important announcement was made on- Saturday by the-Chief .Secretary, .in .reply to a depu tation which waited . upon him to, point out the loss which _ would be entailed upon - the, Bomseyshire Council by the passage qf : the;Toll8 Continuation Act, as the gates fell within the provisions of the second section, abolishing all toll-bara.which did'not yield,- by iarming or, otherwise,, an income of £5OO per annum. ; 'lareply.to the request of the deputationists) Macphewoq pointed out that tiiq wi« tta^; all the districts affected by the operation of the clause should put themselves in communication with him by letter without delay, in order to facilitate his wish to summon a generaDcou'rt.of all the complaints could pie dealtjjfi&iat;'oae time. This course has been decided upoh'in order_to avoid the in convenience and expense which would'be entailed by 'each shire, or road board appointing delegates th:woit upon the Minister separately to urge individual claims, and it will therefore be desirable for aU oorporations who feel themselves prejudiced by the'clause of- abolition to communicate with the hon. ;the-'Ministe'riwithon,t delay, in the that the Quicker the.action they take the-soone'r will their posi tion, as affected by the bill, be considered and, if poa .rible, .remedied? Both steamers were plying on the lake on- but their empty'' decks' showed that there; wera very.’ .few.. Botanical Gardens, though'the bracing air was just the tHing ’for walking; \- At the meeting of Mrßelcher’s committee, on Satur day evening,’reports were .received-from the outside Ballarat districts, and in each case of amost satisfactory nature .Telegrams? were; also received from Geelong as follows;?—Saturday Meeting last night' >grand 'success; crowded. Belcher was received'with enthusiasm.”', Another intbe'aftemoon—“ Large and successful.meetint: with farmers, held to- day. Belcher well received. Meeting unanimous,” All the arrange mentsforpolling day were perfected. The committee jfeeljconSdent tbat Mr Belcher’s position at the close of the: poll.wili realise their' most sanguine expecta tions. 1 : , , . . , ... It was "suggested at the; recent meeting of the direct railway committee that a Produce Company should be to,purchase produce-wholesale .and 'send it - to places;-where there may be a: demand. It was said that a line of rails might be laid into the market, and.that a very extensive business could- be done. ■ The direct line Would be greatly in favor of . such an ' enterprise, and it. was thought that a very, large quantityof produce might- be attracted to the town. ; A very, important verdict as regards - protection,of the pubUc: from personal danger was. confirmed.by; the Supreme Court in the case of the adimnistratdr pf' a man who-was-killed-by the stumbling.oiL his horse, over a heap or road metal left in the public road. The action was known as Bell v :: Shire of-’Portland, in which the defendants were oast in damages for being constructively accessory, to the man’s death.. An.ap plication was made oh behalf -of . the shire council to have the verdict set aside on the ground that the shire council-were 'hot responsible for the obstruction; left uh the road, and that the deceased contributed to his own death by riding-fast on a'dark 'night ; The ’application was refused .by the Full Court, and the verdict of compensation to the family of the deceased man was upheld. We (Argus) understand, that there is.a probability of the validity of the. electionfor the' South Province beinglcalle’d ‘in question. ‘ c lt is alleged that 'at some" of the polling-places electoral’rblls of the wrong date were used, and' it is 'contended - ‘ that- the’ 1 election is therefore void. .<• ' The Australian /oiirhai for September is to hand, ' and is as good.a number as usual. .It is light, .various,, .entertaining, and instructive as heretofore, but no Kendall or Gordon has yet arisen, to .make its poetry equal to auld lang syne. We have received ‘from-’ the Glasgow bourne, a very neatly got up volume entitled “ Our Coffee-room,” by Elisabeth R. Cotton, with a preface by; her father; Lieut.-Genefal -Sir Arthur’- Cotton, R.E.K., C.S.I. The London'publishers are Nisbet and Cos., Berners street. The book narrates in an unostentatious and graceful way the quiet Christian work carried oh mainly by Miss Cotton in conducting 8; school for the outcast youths of a Surrey .’hamlet, together with the-establishment of a- coffee and reading-room for the promotion of temperance, - educa-; tion. aud evening recreation for adults. The whole work is' described as-based on evangelical principles, and the difficulties overcome, and instances- of good effected, form a aeries of narratives whose perusal must be, a pleasure, and ah encouragement to all who either .believe the doctrines Miss Cottbn.inculcates or sympa-. thise with truly philanthropic'effort. - The book has an engraved frontispiece showing “ Our coffee-room” to be a busy, crowded, cheerful place of resort of both men- and boys. ' Our town mission laborers would, we think, be glad to make Miss Cotton’s acquaintance in this volume, if they have not already done so, fur their labors are similar, and Miss Cotton’s story of work done may afford them; perchance, some hints of value as well as some glad encouragement in their daily and nightly routine. At the . University of Melbourne matriculation examination,’‘ July term, the following ‘ passed : Sarah Ann Fish, Joel Fredman, Benjamin Matthews French, Alice Louise Griffiths; William Parker Little, Charles Mackay, Ernest William Crofton Sadleir, Margaret Lucy : Thomas, Catherine Hay Thomson, Andrew M’Clure Valantine, Ella Louise Yasey, Dun can Walker, Elizabeth Williamson. The following passed ,-the .Civil Service. examination : Arthur William Blagdon, John Clinch, Sarah Ann Fish, Joel Fredman, Benjamin;Matthews-French, Alica. Louise Griffiths, Thomas Hewitsun, Annie Lawrence, William Parker Little,: Charles Mackay, Ernest William Crof ton Sadleir, Margaret Lucy Thomas, Andrew M’Clure Valantine, Ella-Louise Yasey, Duncan Walker, Eliza beth Williamson. , ■ Miss Annie Barker, a well-known successful lady speculator, has been duly elected a member of the Sandhurst Stock Exchange. What we/ Hamilton Spectator) believe to have been .the first snipe seen in this district this season were brought into town on Monday morning by Mr Hor witz, junr. This gentleman went out in the direction pf.Mbunt Napier for an hour, or two. and returned with ten fine, plump birds. ■ .The precise locality in : which the “ long-bills” was discovered is a secret which every sportsman must try to solve for himself. The Temperance -News say s:—“I wish Leonid con gratulate the’Ballaiat Templars ou their liberality in contributing to the lecture fund. Be facto, I am informed they have- contributed nothing as yet, and ‘were it not fur a few liberal-minded Templars the' Ballarat public would not have had the opportunity of listening to Dr Macartney, although the Grand Lodge paid his travelling expenses.” It would seem (says the Avoca Mail) as if the close season for hares scarcely comes in early enough in this district, as. young Leverets have been seen near Avoca for a fortnight past. We know one local sporST man .who,, in consequence of this fact, says be will cease hunting hares in future a month earlier than the law-requires. . The St. Arnaud Mercury reports . that the wife of the Rev. R. Brown,.Wesleyan minister, is ill and not expeoted. to live. to the Herald a cricket- club has been formed amongst Mr E. Steinfeld’s Melbourne em ployees,, himself being president, , There will be -amongst us presently (says the’Mel-- bourne .correspondent ? of the .Hamilton Spectator) a. gentleman, well known in the coal world—a sbn of the late Thomas Powell, of The Gair, in Monmouthshire, whose interest in the opal trade ; of Wales—and it re mains,with the family—was about the largest in the principality. He comes fay way of India and Japan on a long trip, and has directed the attention of an old employee of his father, long settled in Victoria, to the district referred to, with a view of investing some capital there in a business with which the Powells are specially, familiar. The board appointed to investigate the charges against the management of the aboriginal station at Coraaderrk report that they are not proved. A New Zealand telegram, dated Wellington, Friday» says : —“-The new Ministry was sworn in to-day. There are three new members. Sir Julius Vogel goes : home immediately as agent-general. The policy of the late Government will be maintained in all material points.” The Ary us'states that Dr Neild made a post mortem' examination, on Friday, of the bodies of the two children which were found in the closet of the waiting room at the Hobson’s Bay Railway-station, and found that both had been prematurely born. One had breathed a little, and the other not at all. There were no marks of violence about their heads, as was at first reported. The following (says the Argus) is the division-list taken at 4 a.m. on Thursday last, 31st ult., on the question that clause 2 of the Local Government Act Amendment Bill be retained:—Ayes—Messrs ■ Bent, Burrowes, Campbell, Connor, Cook, Crews, Fincham, W. Fraser,-Hopkins; Jones, Kerferd, Kernot, Lang ridge, Look, Longmore, Macpberson, Dr Madden, Sir J. M’Culloch, M’Lellan, Miraoss, Moore, Purves, Ram say, G. V. Smith, R, M. Smith, W. C. Smith, Stewart; and Woods. Noes—Messrs Cameron, W. Clarke, Qarratt, Godfrey, Hanna, Johnstone, Lalor, Langton, Levien, Walker, Witt, and’ Young. Ayes, 28; noes, 12; majority for the clause, 16. Telegraphic communication has been extended to Ivanhoe and Mordialloc. The acting’clerks of petty sessions at - Creawick and ■ Clnnes are gazetted receivers and paymasters also, vice Mr Constable, relieved. The Davenport Brothers, accompanied by Professor , Fay,- commence : their mysterious performances this evening , (writes our Melbourne correspondent on Saturday) at,the. Town-hall. Between thirty and forty gentlemen.;made a careful.-inspection.of-this wonderful cabinet, which is the 'main feature of the entertainment, and failed to discover any springs; slides, or other contrivances whereby guitars, tambou rines, bells, human handajjfra, can protrude. Our Melbourne correspondent says:—“The Mel- bourne Cricket Club has offered an indemnity to the East Melbourne Club if the latter will forego its right to have the first All England match played on its ground.” . Our Melbourne correspondent states thatKalisbaw,; the Jew arrested for the jewel robbery, has been dia charged. The other man is held in durance. , , ; A list has been compiled of the avocations of the officers commanding volunteer corps, and in view of the recent - remarks relative to their fitness for the magistracy it- may perhaps be. interesting. It is as follows:—Merchants, 3; wine merchants, 2; State School Department, 4; Civil Service, 2;;M’s.L.A./ 2; solicitors, 2; accountants, 2; gentlemen farmers, 2; drapers; 2; mining; managers;■■ 2;'.--bakers;; 2; ■. bank : manager,.!; police magistrate; 1; .squatters,?2; shire" secretary, 1; secretary of insurance 1; mill owners, 2; jeweller, 1; builder and contractor, 1; in merchants’ employ, 3. Six of these gentlemen have served as mayors of the town or borough in which they reside, two are members of the. Legislative Council, and four of them are justices of the peace. The Talbot Leader says: —“ It is proposed to reduce the miserable ‘screw’ of the town- clerk of Carisbrook from £lOO to £7O per annum.” Mr W. J. Clarke states that he is at present unable to contest the North-Western Province. It is thought that Mr A. Fraser will be returned without opositiou. A return presented to the Legislative Assembly by the Commissioner of Railways on Wednesday, 30th ult., showed that the distance traversed from Mel bourne via Geelong to Ballarat is 100 J miles, -the time occupied.by-themailtrainis 4-houra.lo- minutea,.an(L. the-revenue derived.pn this line from all sourcesfor the last five years has been—lB7l-2, £169,557; 1872-3 1£1Z1,257; 1873-4, £188,076; 1874-5, £184,763; 1875-6 £188,854. . .. ," " \- The trade of the. port of Melbourne', both as regards its’imports: and Rs exports compared with the cor responding period of last year shows a considerable decrease, (writes-our correspondent), the diminution being £901,685 in imports up to 26th August of this year, arid £407,309, less iu the* exports. The .balance ■of imports over exports, is also totalled at £7697, and ' this is likely to be in fact" corisiderably, enhanced by the depreciation in value of the wool, which.was, no doubt, entered in the customs at the early part of the year at what has since proved an overestimate. Our advertising columns anriounce • the passing , away of another old resident of Ballarat, Mr. Jeremiah Shelly, of the Munster Arms hotel, Victoria street. Mr Shelly bad lived in Ballarat for sixteen years, and had a very large circle of, friends, by whom his loss 1 will be deeply regretted. \ We have received from the Government Printer the “Postaland-Telegraph Guide ” for August, t, . We have received the .report of . the Smeaton, &c;, Agricultural Association; a quite bulky pamphlet of in formation. It will be seen by our advertising columns that ‘Cobb and Cos. intend despatching special "coaches to •suit: the’convenience:-of t intending visitors to the Skipton Show,-.starting; from their office at 6 a.m. on_Thursday,-7th .instant, seats for. which must be secured by 6 p.m. on Wednesday evening. 