General ITews- A South Australia mining surveyor is inspecting the Peak Downs M nes. A string of fffty-two camels started from Blinman on March 27th, for Port Augusta laden with about, eight tons of copper org. The Mayor of Port Augusta has given a block of ground fronting the Park Lands as a site for the public school. After a three day's strike at Waukaringa, the steadiest of the men have returned to work. Nuggets of gold weighing five and seven ounces were picked up in High-street Marj'- borough, after the late rains. A man named E. C. Hard}', resently from Adelaide, has been arrested in Yietoria on a charge of bigamy. A Sydney telegram states that Mr. R, Honey, of Port Adelaide, has bought the schooner Fanny Wright. On Tuesday a house was burned in Geelong through a dog chasing a goat into a room, and the goat knocking over a kerosene lamp. The Great Western Railway, England, are having locomotives constructed for dragging trains at the rate of seventy miles an hour. Iu Sydney a new and email fire-engine which throws water impregnated with chemicals has been found to extinguish a fierce fire in the open air in a few minutes. On Friday morning the Wallsend Coal train 1 an into a bull 011 ;he line. Five waggons wore thrown of the line, and the traffic was stopped for some hours in consequence of p u t of the rails being torn up. The Comet says— £: Sooty chimneys may become thing of the past; if builders line them with mortar, to which one fourth part of salt has been added, the soot will not adhere to it. The Daily Trlrgrnpl; states that the only property found unon a druuken sailor, named Th m.as Marsh, at Ipswich a few days ago, charged with intoxication, was his temperance pldege. The Victoria revenue returns for the quarter ending March 31 amount to i).115,5.35, which is an increase on the last quarter of :CllG,24S. The total revenue for the 3'ear was £4.331,T7."3 3 being an iucreasd for the yeiir of £375,S73. The Queen IIAB invited Hugh Brown, of New Zealand, to pay a visit to his brother, John Brown, her favourite servant. She 1 pays th cost of his voyage home and back, unless hp (Hugh) should remain in Scotland. ; in that case he will probably be provided ; for there. j The Tenterf,eld Independent states that Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years miHieter of the Independent Church, Silver-street, Malm-bury, fell down in his pulpit just as he had given out his text (Job xiv. 10), "But ; man dieth, and wasteth away ; yea, man ; S givel.ii up tiie ghost and where is lie ?'' He was found to be dead. j It is stated merelv-as a rumour, that the j great Boss Tweed," the head of the great Tammany Ring, who lately made his escape from a prison in New York, has been seen and recognised in the streets of M«Ibourne. It is not supposed that he proposes settling in Victoria, but that he was merely passing through on a Wandering Jew sort of travel. On Friday week Christina Shape, aged seven teen, a servant in the employ of Mr. Earmer, photographer, S. Hilda, easted a paper of white crystals that she found while cleaning a room, and died in an hour. She had swallowed a small quantity of strychnine, but the inquest showed that she had been killed by fright at the discovery. The total quantity of the land alienated in Victoria from the Crown at the end of the year was 16,846,943, acres of which 6,485,204 acres were alienated by auction, and 10,304,739 by selection. The area available for selection on January 1 was 13,936,943 acres, The total reveuue of the Lands Department for tne year was £1,006,828^ of which £291.230, was derived from the sale of land by auction. A report of the gold yield a^id dividends from the mines of the Sandhurst district for til", first quarter of 1876 gives the yield as 98,033 ozs. asag- ainst 63,463 ozs. for thecorrefponding quarter of last year, showing an increase of 5 200 ozs. The dividends amount to £101,486 15s. Sd., showing an increase of £59,288 5s. 4d. The calls amounted to £30,919, as against 5626,498 for the corresponding quarter of last year, being an increase £ 4 ' 420 " An Advertiser telegram states that the roads in the Northern Territory are in a very bad state of repair, and provisions are scarce 011 the diggings owing to the difficulty of cartage. Good returns continue to be obtained in Grievesson's Gully, and all the digL'erstliere are doing well. At the Vigrinia Mine on the Stapleton, the crank shaft of the engine has broken, and the hands have been reduced in consequence. A recent crushing of 25 tons from this mine produced Co ounces of prold. 