' ,. SYDNEY. ? ,£fEOM OX1B OWN C0EBE8FONDENT.1 '. .1 ?: ?' 'i'- ??? ??? August 7. ? -Un. Pahkes had succeeded in making ??another Bplash in the colony.! Ho must bo ?ore^^i^ith having thrown a pleasant dash of frcst^t 5 Aand oxoitemont into tho political life of the week. The politics of Sydney wero suffering » reaction of dullness after tho agita tion with which tho ' upstanding fight' on Mr TOtonntrinVn motion nF nensuro culminated. The calm after the storm was nearly as bad as tho storm. No Houses, thin Houses, early countB-out, angry and despicable personalities, small business and not much of that, general bad temper : these have boon tho salient features of Parliamentary life here for tho last two or threo weeks.. The business of the country has been pretty much at a standstill, though tho Parliament is still in session. But Mr. Parkes has saved us from utter stagnation. Having been' displaced in the recent debate by Mr.- iitzpatrick, ho lias pleased himsolf by making a political tour in the Hunter district, and addressing himself to the country. Tho incident which led to this movement was the fact of his having been invited to lay tho foundation stono of a public school at Murrurundi. Honours of that sort almost invariably fall to tho lot of Sir .Alfred Stephen, and other members of tho Council of Education in these degenerate days; for the people at' large have lost most of their confidenco in Mr. Parkes as a champion of publio primary education During tho fierco educational agitation of tho last two years, Mr. Parkes has talked and acted so indefinitely that people havo wondered what has become of tho Mr. Parkes of 1866. Ho tried to ait be tween the two stools of the League and tho Defence Association, -with tho result of illus trating the old homely proverb by coming to the ground. And yet so vivid and stirring uro men's memories of his championship in 18C0 that thousands eagerly scan every educatronal deliverance he makes now with the hope that the old tones willcomo back again. But in vain. His address at Murrurundi, like that at Ashfield a few months ago, disappoints expectations, ii contains a lettor, or rather an odd littlo note, from Euvl Kussall : and a note from one -.of ' the leading men in Europo' is a feature of most of Mr. Parkes' great orations. But, for tho rest, the speech is once more vague or Bilent whero people want a clear, manly, deci sive sound; once more it trots out a serieso statistics which mean scarcely anything, and once moro it gives as Mr. Parkes' silence on certain aspects of the education question which will havo to bo faced and grappled with oro long by Bomo statesman. Ho told his audience how many Hohools, scholars, and teaohors have been added since 18C6, but ho said nothing about tho growth of population, &c;, during tho decade, and had not a word to say upon tho per centage of the formor to tho latter. And yet that is just where tho pith and centre of tho educational controversy lies. That is i.-L ~4~nnn. nmiiml nf Afr fi-rnnnwonrl 'a appeal to tho country. Tho per centago of increase in tho educational provision of the laBt ten years is barely perceptible, ant) not oven Mr. Greenwood knows that better than does Mr. Parkes. Why, then, does tho latter think that the peoplo at largo aro so comtemp tibly silly as not to know it ? But Mr. Green wood has now retired from his ecolesiastical position; doubtless he will soon bo found in the Assembly, and then armed with tho authority'of a Parliamentary position, as woll as the irrcsiBtiblo logic of his figures, he will urge on a deeper and m re eventful educational controversy than the colony has yet seon. ThoMurrurundipooplewerohospitable enough to entertain Mr. Parker at a public banquot, and in roply to the toast of his health, he made a short speech in defence of the famous scene which wound up tho Opposition's recent attack soene was one of tho most creditable exhibitions of the session,' and he thought tho 'outside critics'— tho Press— had ' commented upon it with extraordinary severity.' Ho said that worse scenes had occurred in tho Houso of Commons. But if thoy have, how does that mend tho matter ? If the aboriginals can boat the Assembly hollow at a oorroboree, does that justify a corroboree in tho Assembly? The simple question is, whether the sceno was be fitting tho place and the men in itself. Nobody talks n-.tlIi loftily or unctuously of tho ' solemn dignity'Oi the sacred institution of Parliament' than does Mr. Parkes himsolf ; and how can ho reconcile with that mysterious dignity tho drunkenness, the blasphemy, tho criminations, and tho fist-shakings of that famous sceno P But Mr. Parkes was mindful of. the fact that the disorder was moetly on his side of the Chamber, and like many men of smaller calibre he has one pair of spectacles for looking at his friends, and another for looking at his enemies; ? On his way baok from Murrurundi, Mr. ParkeB spent an evening at West Maitland, and there mado a 'speeoh on the present con dition of publio affairs, which is ono of tho best deliverances the colony has heard for a long time from him. Of course his peculiar weaknesses showed to tholront. He trotted put anothor note from ono of his 'eminent corres pondents in Europo;' f this ono was from Thomas Carlylo. . And he betrayed his chronic anxiousness that his audionco should -regard his speech as one of pure patriotism,' and not at all of partisanship. Ho spoke in the interests of the country, not afcall in tho interests of Henry ParkeB and Co.' Tho oihusingly-sud and grotosquoly-horoic style in which ho always pictures himsolf as a storm-tossed, incorrup tible, disinterested politiciun, is much moro conducive to smiles than tears. Tho fact, is that Mr. Parkes has about as much patriotism as the rest of colonial politicians, and his speech exactly befitted his presumed position as leader of tho Opposition. But, as such, it was a splendid offort. It shows plainly enough that when roused Mr. Parkes is u man of rnro intellectual forco, and he uttered u good deal of truth with great felicity and power, which the colony much needs to hear j list now. 1 1 was a seasonable oration. The bulk of it dealt with tho subjoct of Ministerial responsibility. Ho said, ' TF ' -min-spring of Parliamentary govornmehj-ni responsibility— that at-overv step the persons who govern should bo respon sihlo to. iho peoplo. It- is not u technical re sponsibility. It is not tho^espousibility of a ?degraded servant who' will not go out of .your Jioubo till you kick him ? out ; but.it is :. the. ,. responsibility, of tho servant, who feels .. that, at, evory stop and at overy turn, tho interests of his ompioyors are in his hands, and that ho must act con scientiously and diligently in tho iuterost of his master who finds him bread. (Cheors.) It is a living prineiplo which ought to bo alivo in ovory act of government; and tho perfectio ?of Parliamentary government is whon, by th.. verjr force of principles, by tho very merits of administration, and of the mnaaures submitted to Parliament, tho Ministry is supported by a freo, .independent, gonerous majority of tho Houso of Commons or of tho ' Legislative As sembly. But-if we aro to accept this doctrine, that-Ministors aro to propose what thoy like, and, if, boaton upon it ore to throw it aside and try nhoth,er thing, tond never leave their offices ?:.5y2-JJh1i.J«J'.-- jv-..- .,. ;; until tho Crown .is . addressod to dismiss them, it will lead to tho very worst state of things in this country that tho mind of mun can imagine. (Chbors;) Tho kind of government undor which wo livo is tho best in form that human wisdom has dovisod, whon it is conducted in a livoly arid sonsitivo obedionco to this prineiplo of responsibility. If it is conducted by any other means it becomes tho very worst form of government in its operation on tho peoplo. It becomes degrading and lowering to tho tastes of the people outside, who believe that every man is seeking his own intorests, and it do ponds for its existence upon tho weakness and most corrupt elements of tho legislative body.' And applying this doctrino to tho present Ministry, ho said that 'theso mon havo laid down this maxim, that thoy will accept no defeat unless it is a direct voto of want of confidence.' Ho wont ovor tho promises of tho Government to bring in a number of impor tant bills which havo never been tabled to this day. Hosaidthatthe Govornmenthadsustaiued thirty defeats during the present session, some of them of great importance, Ho said tho Go vernment was saved from dofcat on tho Educa tion Bill by Baying to certain simple members, ' See what a calamity would befall the country if that horrible man Parkes should get back to office !' That is not far from tho fact. I must say that tho most intelligent section of the press goes entirely with Mr. Purkes ns to his doctrine of ministerial responsibility; in fact, tho Herald, and other papers, were preaching it before Mr. Parkes took it up. Ho said that tho additional railway estimates wore to bo brought forward to catch two or threo votes. ' According to whispers which float all around — in the Assembly, and in well-informed circles in Rvrlnfiv ? flmtjn ^«t.imn.fnsnrn hrniin ht forward it tho present time, though they embrace an !xpendituro of more than two millions, for no purpose whatever except to manage threo rotes.' Having shown the importance of a single voto, he continued — ' And if the Gover montthathasafull exchequer, thathas patronage it its fingers' ends, and can appoint theso men's sons, or sons-in-law to situations where they will not havo to work for their bread ; who :an build a bridgo— I was going to say ' agin ais own place'— (laughtor) — or carry out any other improvement which would make a mem ber stand well with his constituents— you 'can easily seo that if tho Government is only to bo mot by a direct vote of wont of confidence, by a very little management, and a good deal less unscrupulous .conduct than is going on, thoy can always get a majority to save them. (Ap plause.) And as long as there is plenty of money at the disposal of the Treasurer tho Government may go on living upon tho votes of persons lcast^competent to form an opinion, and most susceptible to bad influences, and may go on by simplo manipulation of some of tho members for several years. That is tho result to which tho system of this Government will, as certainly ns tho sun will rise, conduct this country if it is permitted.' (Applause.) . Thero is qnito enough truth in what Mr. Parkes says, even though a liberal discount bo made on tho score of his partizanship, for tho people. to tako alarm. Tho greatest mischief may yet ensue from somo of tho precedents sot by 'tho present Ministry.' Mr. Parkes got poeti chI near the close of his oration, and quoted a few lines from Praed, tho young Tory poet, adding an application of his own — ? Emitting yot, us homo ho goes, From sneering friends and vitying loos - That slum liim, loatho him, if thoy will, - He keeps the seals and salary still. *..-.? '..*.- ? - ?-? ? , To prnmiso, pause, prepare, postpone, : And ond by lotting things ulono ; In Bliort to earn tho peoplo's pay, By doing nothing ovory day. [The next two lines aro slightly altored.] Tlieso tasks, those Joys, tho Fates bestow . ; .On -well-fed Bobertson and Oo. : Tho joke is that this do-nothingism is precisely the charge which was most frequently circu lated against Mr. Parkes' Ministry when in power. What a keen eye wo all havo for the transgressions and shortcomings of. tho other side. ' Another notable f sature of tho week was the waitiner of a demitation of coal miners from Newcastle upon tho Colonial Secretary, in order to protest ugainst any immigration of coal miners, and to inform him of the condition of tho coal miners in tho Hunter district, so that ho might send accurate information thereon to tho immigration agents for this colony. Somo of tho . facts wero a littlo surprising to us of the metropolis. Tho number of coal miners in tho Hunter district has doubled within the last five years. Tho trado, howover, had baroly increased to tho extent of 50 per cent. Tho nverago earnings lately had been onry.£l 17s. Cd.perwcok. At the now Liirabton colliery tho higuest wages during tho lust 13 weeks was £1 4s. lOd. per week, and at present tho rate is oven lower; so much so that somo families aro without food. All tho collieries on tho Hunter aro heavily over stocked with mon. The deputation said that 600 of their best men would willingly go as navvies at once if they could get 7s. or 8s. per day, and immunity from tho truck Bystein. It was stated further that ' the Queensland immi gration agent advertised from 12s. to £1 a day for coal miners, and when the men camo out to Queensland, and found no work there, thoy came to Now South Wales.' Mr. Bobortson, in his reply, said, said that ho had put on de teotives in tho matter of tho truck system, and they said it did not exist. In respect to Mr. Parkes' immigration resolutions, he said that Mr. Parkes had dono more that any other gehtloman to stop immigration. 'Wo had a system hero which was working admir ably, but Mr. Parkes raised a cry about Eoman Catholics cutting tho Protestant throats, and the Kiama ghost story was got up, and tho whole thing was knocked on the head.' Ho also said to this deputation of worlring'-men, ' If it bo truo, as you allege, that men have been' brought hero from tho coal mines in England taken into your dis trict, causing the removal from their omploy ment of workmen already thore, and a lower ing of- tho prioo of wages, then, I say, it is a matter of very 'great consideration with tho Government as to tho'Bteps thoy should take in regard to this.' Tho caso of the Nowcastlo miners is certainly a hard ono just now, but none tho less it is a fact that tho Btaring want of the colony is immigration. In tho law business of tho week two cases of some gonoral. interest transpired. Tho Stock whip, tho organ of ' slashers ' in politics, and ' freothinkers ' in religion, on the suit of Mr. Burgess, of Tenterfiold, was east in damages, that is to say, its proprietor, Mr. Kolly, was, to tho amount of £250. The costs, too, will bo pretty heavy. The judge said tho libel was the most sovere ho had known in a legal experience extending over forty years. Tho privilego of wielding tho Stockwhip is rather a questionable ouo at such prices. Tho other cane was that of a widow, who sued Messrs. Cobb'nnd Co., and recpyqred a verdict of £300, for the death of hor husband, who was killed in a coach acoident. Tho Tinoneo,- which, at tho lattor end of the week was advortisod to sail to-day, is changed' now for to-morrow. ThoA.S.N. Co.'s sorvico, usually 'so punctual in Sydney to- advertised datos, has not recovered tho disturbance caused by tho rqcout heavy gales; ? . , If any of your readers aro interested in tho letters which tho' leading men in Europe' write to tho colossal mind of tho, colonios, Jlr. Paikesj'il append it for what it is worth, which is not much, according to somo iirilitlrf colonists : — ' ~ ' . '' Penbioko touso, nichmonu PurV. '. . Novciubor 17, 1S7S. ' Sir,— I have recolvcd your lotter or Scptniilior 10, ana hasten to thank you for It. I have no time at present to roaU tlie'pupers you sont mo, but I can at ouco givoyou iny oululon. ? ' Tight tlip. Rood' flsbt. Tcaohtho rollglon of tho jupio, iraa avoia an sectarian (litlei-enccu. ; ' Tjip words of ChriBt toacb, man Ilia duty to his nolfflibour, and aro a. ijuiile for tho whole lifo of meu ana women. Tho teacuors who protend to omit religion froaiBcUdols cannot make the heotlo that wo tread upon, and thoy protend to roycal tho mysteries of .creation. . .. ^ -.,-'-, ? .' ?'Heart SJr.rsino'Nowton's Soliolhuu at tho ond' of tho Urd book of hla Prlnoipla, and have it trauaUtefl, and road In your;eohool«. , . ?.,.',?? ?.',':' V Yoiirgratofulaervant, 'Henry Parkos, Esq.' ^.x-,:-''^- UBo?3E'»-' ,X'j Ji i'.;;!Mx'.'U-p' Ti.'Oi-j'^'i 