DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. THE LENTEN MICHAEL, PASTORAL. BY THE GRACE OP GOD ASD FAVOUR or THE Apostolic See, BiSh6p op Ballabat. To the Beloved Clergy and Laity of bis Diocese : Health and Benediotion in Christ Jesus. "For he eaith, In u accepted time have I heard thee and in the day of sa vation have I helped thee: behold, now i» the acceptable time; behold, now U the day of salvation."-St. Paul, II. Cor. vi. 2. Reverend and Dear Brethren, — With special truth may these words of the Apostle be applied to tbe holy season of Lent on which we are now about to enter. Whether we consider the works which Christians throughout the world are now called upon by the law of the Chhrch to perform, or the festival of Christ's resurrection, for which the season of Lent is a prelnde and prepara tion, we cannot fail fail to see that this is truly 14 the acceptable time," and that " now is the day of salvation." What are the works we are no» called upon to do ? They are 'the works of penance, lasting and abstinence, alms deeds, and prayers. Of these works some are of strict obligation during Lent, such as fasting and abstinence, in the case of those who from age and capability are subjects of the law. Others, though not of strict obligation, are due to the spirit of the time, and give special help to our efforts, with the Divine grace, of moving God to have mercy on us. The law of Lenten observance comes down to us from Apostolic times, and is grounded on the example which our Divine Lord has given us in His fast of forty days, previous to his entering on the work of His mission. In every age we have abundant testimonies as to the existence of this law; and the nearer we approach the Apostolic age, the greater we see was the rigour of its observance. In our own time the law of fasting on one meal in each day is in full force, and of grave obligation on those who are duly subjeot to it, although universal custom now allow* the addition of a collation. The relaxation which is granted us at present in the law, as far as it affects abstinence, is the result of a dispensation by the Holy See, which through Special Indult we are empowered to impart to you, and whioh we do impart to you in the manner set forth in our Lenten Regulations. In order to animate you to the faithful observance of these regulations, we will-put be< fore you some considerations whioh serve to show bow acceptable to God at all times has beea the practice.of fasting, and bow directly He has been moved to have mercy on those who, in the spirit of true penance, adopted this mode of self-humiliation and mortification. We should observe at the outset, that when it is affirmed that works of penanoe, such as fasting and the like, have power to avert the anger of God, and to prooure the conversion of the sinnfer, it is to be understood that such salutary effects are to be attributed not to the mere external works in themselves, but to such works as proceeding from and informed bytbevirtue of penance. Let us now see what Holy Soripture teaches us on the subject of fasting. We read in the second chapter of the Prophecy of Joel, how he, foretelling the terrible day of the Lord, exhorts sinners to their conversion in these words:—Now, therefore, saith the Lord, be converted to Me with all your heart, in fasting, in weeping, and mourning. . . . Blow the trnmpet in Sion, sanctify a fast." Between the poroh and the altar, the priests, the Lord's ministers, ehall weep, and shall say, "Spare, O Lord, spare Thy people." And the Lord answered add said to His people, "Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and' oil, and you Bhall be filled with them, and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations." Here we see the angeir'of God averted by the -conversion ofthe sinner's heart, through the indwelling of true eontrition, accompanied by mourning, and fasting, and weeping,' whioh' are the e&eote;, a* ttell as the signs, of the genuinenassof Interior sorrow. • 'Again, we reed in the Old. Testament bow tbe gnat servants of God.and the leaders of biBeboBen people, when they found!themselves in Hhe laeeof greatdffipuitieB,' 7whieh they feared tbatol ^hernselTesthey ceriliiibt' evMfdome, bad reoonree to ,lasting and fjtfiiE penttentealinBtMitieii, ifi tMerttprofUiate obtain %rbiai iiim tbeihotonr <*%hfchithey «6iid in In'tiufcodlftft Bsdras wertad thrtthe<pe#li 6f ! <fcd, "Who fcatne forth fiMn tb?ir captivity laden iflth tbe fcoMeri treasurtw'of tite Vritnple, observed a -solemn fsst. pricliimdd .ty their Sedans leader/ in brdertb&t; ^heyinight safelypass through the midst of Wenriea who lay in wait for them da their return. ' In the eighth chapter of the first book of Esdras we have the following passage:—" And I proclaimed there a fast/by the river Above, that we might afflict ourselves before the Lord our'God, and might- ask of him a right way for us and our children, and for all our substance." The Lord did graciously deliver them, and opened to them tbe way for which they fasted and prayed. Another remarkable instance of the power of fas ting to move God to mercy is to be found in the book of Jonas the prophet. " The word of the Lord came to Jonas the second time, saying, Arise, and go to Nineveb, the great city, and preach in it the preaching I bid .thee. And Jonas, began to enter into the city, and be cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be destroyed. And the men of Nineveh believed in God ; and they proclaimed a fast, and put on Sackcloth, from the greatest to the least." And what was the result? In the tenth verse of the third chapter of the book, it is written:—"And God saw their works, that they were turned from their evil way; and God had mercy with regard to the evil which he hBd said he would do to them, and he did it not." Not only then have we abundant evidence of the efficacy of this form of penaiice in the old law, but we have also similar evidence of its power under the law of the Gospel. We have, in the very beginning, the teaching of Christ's example, who fasted in the desert for forty days, and was afterwardB tempted by the devil, as if to jshow us how we were to prepare ourselves for a conflict with the evil spirit, and how we might be helped to victory over bis temptations. Further on, we find the Lord teaching His apostles, when they failed to expel the dumb devil, that tbey. could not expect to vanquish the power of suoh a spirit, and destroy his bold on the soul he possessed, unless they united fasting with their prayers. "And he said to them, This kind can go out by nothing but by prayer and fasting." Mark ix. 28. Again, our Divine Master foretells that after Qis departure from them, th'at then His disciples would fast; though whilst the Bridegroom was with them, and during tbe celebration of Hie nuptials, it was not meet that they should ' do so. Accordingly, when the Lord had ascended into heaven, and no linger appeared among His disciples, we find them " ministering to the Lord, and fasting." In the thirteenth chapter of the Acts of tbe Apostles, we read, " And as they were ministering to the Lord, and fasting, the Holy Ghost said to thtm, Separate me Paul and Barnabas. Then they, fasting and praying, and laying tbeir bands upon them, ferit them away." We find, too, the great apostle St. Paul exhorting the. ministers of God to exhibit themselves as suoh, not only by the general blameneBsness of their lives, but also " in their watchings and fastings." Even were the Word of God, written or unwritten, silent on this matter, our own experience and judgment would point out the advantage that should oome to him who would endeavour to bring, by the means of penal works, his flesh into subjeotion to the spirit, and bis wayward and sinfully-inolined will into submission to the most holy will of God. If all Christians muBt deny themselves in order to be true followers of Christ, and if St. Paul found it neoessary to chastise his body and'bring it into subjeotion, how plainly does it agree with reason that the practice of fasting is of the spirit ef the Christian dispensation. Besides faithfully observing the law of fasting, which is of strict obligation, and thus endeavouring to appease the anger of . the Lord on account of past sins, you are exhorted furthermore to attend especially during this holy season to the Christian dnty of alms-deeds. To convince you of the importance of this duty, it will suffice to quote the words of holy Tobias to bis son—" Give alms out of thy substance, and turn not away thy fjwe from any poor person; for so it shall come to pass that the face of the Lord shall not be turned from thee. . . . According to thy ability, be merciful. If thou have much, give abundantly; if thou have little, take care so to bestow williogly a little. For alms deliver from all sin, and from death, and will not suffer tbe soul to go into darkness. Alms shall be a great confidence before tbe Most High God to all them that give it." Such is the strong and striking language in wbioh the Holy Spirit of God speaks of alms-deeds. . There fitill remains one other great Christian dnty which the Church exhorts her faithful children throughout the world to attend to at this season, both publicly and privately, .with' greater earnestness, and that duty is prayer. It is trne, no doubt, that the Church has not, by any enactment, brought it.:nnder ber own law now more than at any 'other time; nor is it. neoessary that she phould do BO, as the legislation of the Divine Law pU the subject, and the ordinance of God wbioh connects the infaBion of His.gttce with tbe use ol prayer and the sacraments, are. sufficient motives to urge the faitbfnl. to have refe'ohfae'Mii 'ibis great means of "salvation. : ! tt' is' very fairish to 1 be dbMredthat the Pastors would •' frequently - explain to the bedjile' conitnrttba 'tfr tbeir 'care- the great power and tfficicyfcl ptejrer fn 4he irotfc of ktatlon, and 3U'iit&i8petig;*fe]«<rie<iesS{ty to bring: that ^work tp: itetappy termination. II LWe are thoron^lyripenjrtwted with the feohyiation of the neoeBBity of prMeraaa jneans of onr salvation, we shall nave frefluent recourse • to it, nut uitffiiriBhh and femjpt^ons,bpt'at-aU.«tapnaMeSij*es.>0 Alto refr^^^tra^^nourewil^lh^^,^ in the suae atenner as we auks frequent and regular use of food and ^ripk fflr ihe support of onr corporeal life, Tb order to convince onrselves thus ef the necessity of prayer, we ought •fien £&flect;' on' the,necessity ol Divinie grace. What does the Word Of God teacb us herein ? 'it tells us that we can neither think, speak, br aot in a manner conducive to our' Balvatioh Without th'e assistance of Divine grace. '" We are not sufficient of ourselves to think anything of ourselves, as of onrselves, but our sufficiency is from God." Tbe Lord declares to'us in the Gospel that " without Him we ea'n do nothing;" nay, withont His help we cannot pronounce His name profitably. Now, how and where are we to receive this all-necessary grace ? At what door are we to knock that an entrance into His treasury of Divine riches may be had I Listen to the words of Jesus Christ. "Ask, and it phall be given to yon; seek, and you shall find; knock, and it shall be open to you." Behold, then, the door at which you are to knock in order to enter in and draw from the treasury that graoe which you need. " I am the door," says the Lord. No one knocketh at that door humbly, hopefully, peraeveringly, in vain. There > t that door, which will be opened at your knock, present your petition; earnestly appeal to the Divine mercy to hear you and grant your prayer; invoke tbe intercession of angels and saints, who are the friends of God, reigning with Him in glory; but, above all, invoke tbe all-powerful intercession of the Immaculate Mother of God to plead your cause; nay, place your petition in her hands, and then shall you find that the Divine mprcy—tbe source of all our hope—will bestow upon you the grace you ask, if it be conducive to your salvation. Auk, then, as St. James says, "nothing wavering in faith," for tbe immovable promise of God is there to sustain your hbpe, if you only pray with tbe neseesary dispositions. These diFpositiens your Pastor will take pains more fully to explain to you, and illustrate iu a familiar manner. It is very desirable that opportnnities be afforded to the faitbfnl of uniting in public prayers in the churohes during Lent, and that tbe holy rosary be recited aloud. Instructions should be given also on those occasions on the mysteries and leading truths of religion. Paren s and superiors are very much to be oommended who assemble ttw-ir children, or those under their care, every night and morning for family prayer, and who also make a practice of reciting in common the ropary of the Blessed Virgin eaoh day, especially during Lent. In your prayers you should be mindful not only of yourselves and your own wants, but also should be Bolicitous for tbe welfare of Holy Church and her Snpreme Head on earth, our glorious Pontiff Pius IX. Let us earnestly pray that the trials to which tbe Vicar of Christ has been subjected, like biB Divine - Master, for declaring to a wicked world truthB it oould not bear to hear, may be Bpeedily terminated, and that be may soon have the joy of witnessing the triumph of the sacred principles for which he ban so heroically contended. In conclusion, we wish to make a few observations on the important subject of the education of your children. Ton are already aware that tbe mixed, as well aH the purely secular, system of eduoation, whioh either excludes altogether, or does not give its due plaoe and authority to religion, has been repeatedly condemned by the Sovereign Pontiff as dangerous to faith and morals. As parents are bound to provide by the law of God not only for the temporal well- being of their children, but particularly for their spiritual good, they cannot with safe conscience expose tbe faith of their children to the danger that is authoritatively deolared to exist under a mixed or pnrely seeular system. Those who framed snch systems of education affect not to see this danger; but surely they ought to know that every Catholic receives his faith from the teaching of the Church, and that he is bound in conscience as. a first principle to follow, not his own private judgment, but the judgment of the Church, on all matters of faith and morals. Our opponents never for a moment consider that they view things from a different stand-point, and that as they experience no conscientious difficulty themselves about the present system of education, that neither should we. It is very much to be regretted that no attempt has been yet made to provide for oar conscientious difficulties, and that we are st'll called upon to pay our proportion tJ the taxes for a, system of education of which we oannot avail ourselves. It is sometimes said that the State, when it waa determined that no en-. dowment would be given in fature to Catholics, or any denomination, had no alternative but adopt the present system. This is by no means true. There was the plain alternative of payments by results, which did not mean re-endowment, bnt simply the purohase of educational work done, no matter by whom. Under such a system all could be educated as now, and at a mueh less cost, and better educated, as competition would then exist, and the fatal evils that ever attend monopoly need not be apprehended. Let us bope that experience, as well as a more enlightened, and liberal spirit amongst our fellow-cmintrymen, will point out the superior wisdom of adopting that coarse at least far those who oannot conscientiously make use of the pnrely secular schools. . ExiieptmnaV, legislation, when it implies no special' favour to one party more than Anoth$r, but, on. (tfjie can-. trary, practieallyrputs all.on «quaiity -which, could not otherwise.,be effected, ,ia £rne dom. Let pr»y, then, th^t tlie^tprd may. Open.the mii^^iiei^^^r'^^^rs, fo see remedy. joa no donbt, TOtt wiu^ojUinne uto ^^heeandly, nnemoroV wHerem yon are ute^Tha trardin,indtwd, Is heavy, bnt the L'orS, Hfor whoardauseyoubtiar it. -will make it light. 'May the grⅇ of the Lord Jeaua Chridt be with you all. ' Amen. Mxohaet. O'Cohhob, Bishop of Ballarat. (From our a wn 'Gorrupondent) The Bishop of Ballarat has retprned from liia temporary visit to Queenscliff; and :I am glad to be able to .state that the brief change of air has had a perfectly reinvigoratuig influence on his Lordship's health. The Bishop's Lenten Pastoral, which will be found in the present issue, was read on Sunday in the various Catholia churches throughout the diocese. The concluding portion of the Pastoral, as will b« seen, is devoted to the all-important subject of the education of youth ; and I need scarcely say that his Lordship's remarks on education matters canuot tail to carry conviction to the minds of all unprejudiced readers. At eleven o'clock MaBs on Sunday, at St. Patrick's Cathedral, the Rev. Father Cleary, who officiated as celebrant, announced that the Yery Rev. Dr. Moore at^d he would go round during the week, to make a eollection in support of the local Catholic schools. Father Cleary pointed out that it was a primary duty on the part of parents to provide religious as well as secular education for their children, and that no works would bring a greater reward than zealous co- operation to frustrate the endeavours of those who were striving to abolish Christianity, by preventing it from being implanted in the hearts of the young. Adverting to the oppressive weight of the double education tax upon the Catholics, the rev. gentleman expressed a hope that the Legislature would shortly become alive to the magnitude of the wrong that it is inflicting upon the Catholics in educational matters, and remedy the evil by simply granting Catholics their josfc rights in the shape of payment for results. It will be very gratifying, not only to the Catholics of the diocese,, but to Catholics everywhere, to learn that his Lordship the Bishop has succeeded in securing the services of a commuuity of Christian Brothers from the home country, and that the amount necessary to defray the expenses of the journey has been forwarded. The establishment of Catholic schools in this district has, I learn, nearly emptied soma of the State schools alto- - gether. In some of the country Stat* schools there are now, it seems, only a handful of children left. The local newspapers find it convenient to ignore these facts. Were the State schools swamping the newly established Catholio schools how soon would all the world be apprised of the success of secularism! . How promptly would "special reports" be sent to note the event and' expatiate -on the cause ! St. Patrick's school in Stnrtstreet, which is, aB it were, under the very eyes of the local press, is quite aa largely attended nowasever it was, though a gorgeous State school-house stands close by. It would be interesting to find this fact fairly dealt with in the secular press. A new sdhool building for Warrenheip has been purchased and re-erected. The building, is large and commodious, and when painted and fitted up, as intended, will be well suited for a*achool-house. The usual weekly meeting of the Catholio Young Men's Society was held on Monday evening, at the Library, DawBpn^Street; the president, Mr. D. Fitepairicie, J.P., in the chair. One new member was elected; and ten candidates for membership were proposed. Mz. Incledon was elected vice-preaideut, and Mr. Dacey secretary. A letter was read from the committee of the St. Patrick's- Day Fete, asking for the patronage of the society for the fete. The request waigranted, Mr. Dutfy expressing dissent^ on the ground that he thought it sinful to hold sports on St. Patrick s Day, and that the day ought to be devoted entirely to religious exercises. A letter was also read from the Geelong Catholio Young Men's Association, in reply to a.communication respecting the proposed pienio in connection with the Ballarat Society, and intimating to the effect that should the picnic be held at Geelong, the local association would doeverything in its power to make the affair as successful as possible. The president «nd other members generally expressed themselves much, pleased with the verykind fraternal spirit manifested by the Geelong Association. Tiie pionic committee brought up a report recommending. in Viejr.of the heavy expense jthat would necessarily be entailed in holding 4he: pianio at Geelong; thai it be held in the iooality of Pincotrs Reaar- ? voir, a few tnilea trbm Ballarat. ' Th? - consideration of the report wi»'p6itp6iSei i; $onlcL. not be a joint , picnic fit present, there would be one before ihe end of another half year. The debate aa to vhetlier total abstinence or temperance is the more preferable was then opened by Mr. Whyte in a lengthy, elaborate, and able speech, in which, in a thoroughly practical manner, and, of course, from a Catholic point of view, he pictured the evils tif intemperance in a way which will doubtless never be forgotten by those who were present on the occasion. Mr. 'Whytc resumed his seat amid general and hearty applause. Mr. Burke, a promising youth, followed on the opposite aide, and presented a number of arguments in favour of moderate drinking. It was now getting late, and on the motion of Mr. Hogan the debate was adjourned till the following Monday evening. As there will be a large array of speakers on each side, it is not improbable that the debate will extend over several evenings. A cordial vote of thanks to the chairman brought the proceedings to a close. 