CHAPTEI: " "IVI-LADY POUNIE. " And now, and » ... aver, au encl to Lady l'oum Clement Quail had said that morning, when it \ willed that they should meet again-those two: pulsive folk who had once promised to marry es other. How much better it had turned out tl this should not he! surely how very much better Hesbio in particular ! She would have been a pi man's wife, struggling for fi living, against i rush of the rent and taxes, down a shabby br street in town, in lieu of being Lady l'ounie, w the bright prospect of becoming the Countess Coedstown, there being only ono unfilled grt lying between her and that bravo ambition. Did she think so that morning, from the big pi in tlie old church of luglenoss, wheuco sho caug a glimpse of Clement standing by tho side of 1 grey-haired brother, in the distance, near the alt; rails ? It was difficult to guess her thoughts her old lover rose up like a ghost lief oro her, a scared her, almost as a ghost would have doi although no one noticed how white she had 1 come until tho surprise of his presence had wo itself away. After that she was Lady Poun calm and thoughtful, reverent, trying to think was not present, or, if he was, that it mat: ur id n thing to her. Once or twico she gl:i:.:;ed i i war him curiously, during tho progress of tho tervii and felt glad in heart that lie was looking as wi and strong as he had done four years since-th nothing ailed him, as the homely phrase runs. I was her first-cousin, and she had aright to rejoi as much as that. Had he changed as his broth Matthew had clone, her heart would have sui more, and reproached itself with having work* the mischief by her own vanity and faithlosanei But it was the old Clement, and ho was lookii fearlessly ahead of him, undismayed by the wor which had brought to him more than one elisa pointment. Lady Pounie strove hard, for she was a wei meaning woman, to keep her mind to the sorvii and the self-reproaches in the distance. She ht not treated Clemont well ; but thou ho had forgive her-he had said so long ago-aud all was pea< between them. Ile would be glad to shake liane with hia cousin, whom he would not find chang«1 in anything save in name ; he would seo that riche had not spoiled her, or made hor too proud. She was Lady Pounie to that select little mimbi of church-folk we have already intimated; to tl: few visiters who were there that mornin; and who had come like herself to Ingleness fe pèaco and quietness ; to the aborigines in the frc seats ; to the man who kept the post-office an groceries ; to the palsy- stricken pew-opener, th boys in the organ-loft, and to tho perpetual curat droning out a dull and sleepy service to a dull an< sleepy people. But she knew that she was ne Lady Pounie to herself, though there was never ; living soul in all her new big world to whom sh could have owned it. She strove hard to remember that she wa« ii I church ; but a strange curiousity came over bei' ti ascertain if Clement Quail was conscious that shi was there ; if Matthew had told his brother tha in the pew facing them-tho Coedstown pew-sa Cousin Hesbie.who hadmado the lucky match. No he was unaware of her presence ; or she had alterec so much that he had failed to recognise her ; or hi had grown short-sighted in the last four years ; oi he knew her, and would not look as if he knev\ her, as good souls do at their devotions. Other wise he would not have stared so stonily at her but rather have looked in any other direction. When the service was over, she left her pew by r special door in the wall of the church, and wen1 down by a special stone staircase into the church yard. Tho Coed8towns had always exacted this little privilege from the churches in the vicinity of their estates, and whose livings were in theil gift ; for they had been pompous and exclusive in past generations, and worshipped God after theil own particular fashion when they worshipped at all : and some Coedstowns had been rather above that kind of thing. Outside the church, a pretty, swarthy, black haired girl, who had been sitting in the pew be neath the exclusive box above her, met my lady, and dropped a few paces in tho rear, after a wist ful look towards her. Sometimes Lady Pounie was disposed to converse with her maid ; but on this occasion she went on slowly and thoughtfully, and the lady's-maid knew her place, and kept it. Lady l'ounie, in the common course of events, should have met her coufins under tho old church porch ; but they were not in sight, and she mar velled what had become of them both, as she walked on at the same slow paco towards her home. They might overtake her presently, she thought ; and then she paused suddenly, with the idea that they would think hor proud, and anxious to escape thom, if she went away on that ocasión withoutexchauginga word or two of grouting. They were her kindred, and she had nevor been above them in her heart ; nay, had yearned for their old friendship when isolated in her splendour from tho past estate. ; Clement must not go back to London and tell his friends that his cousin Hesbie was far too important a personage to exchange a word with him, now that she had married a Viscount. Sho could not bear ho should think that, or like unto that. '* Have you seen Mr. Quail and his brother leave the church ?" she asked of her maid. " No, my lady." " I will wait for them a minute." " Yes, my lady." She did not wait, but she lingered on her way out of the churchyard, and the members of the con gregation passed her, anel made their best bows and curtseys, and the organ ceased playing its vo luntary, and the palsy-atricken pew-opener shuf fled out in the sun with some keys jingling in his hand ; but the brothers did not appear. " I should have been glad to see my cousins for a few moments," she said, ns if in oxcupe to her maid ; and then she gave up tho hopo, and walked onward untill the maid's voice startled her. " Here's Mr. Matthew's brothor coming on by himself, my lady, and walking very fast." " Indeed 1" > Site did uot look bofcintl her; site knSw that hfe J would overtake ber iu a few moments ; she could I hear his sharp, quick steps, and her heart flut i tered and kept bad time with them as they ap proached her nearer and nearer. 