A SINGULAR STORY. The Maryborough crrespondent of the Brisbane Telegraph writing on the 24tl) ult., says. — The night after tho inquiry as to the sudden death hero of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causes was returned), n man named Adamson, going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his ex perience. This is what ho saw — First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was cortain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all Ins cour age, ho walked towards tho object. As he drew near ho was soized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which ho was carrying on bis shoulder fell to tho ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of tho apparition lie recognised those of Mrs Rixson 1 Then came a voico, " I am the murdered wife of Rixson." Tho apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and — disappeared. Adamson does not know how long ho remained on the reserve, or how he fouod his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, nnd told his extra ordinary experience to the police, nnd they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson aud Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in tho police court. She is not iu custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a " down" on his wretched wito. Ho cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of bis wedded life he slept nt the woman Quipp's lodgings. He frequently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning. 15thMnrch, he left Lydia nt six o'clock, nnd went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about half-an-hour he re turned, and while delivering the potatoes said, "I havo been and done for my wife." The woman answered, . " Good God ; I will nover speak to you as long ns my name is Lydia Quipps." Then ho held her by the windpipe, saying, " This is the way I did it." Afterwards Rixson said to her, " So help my God I have not done it;" rind left her. In consequence of the additional evidence the body was exhumed, a -second post mortem ex amination held, and Dr Little on being recalled, grive it as his opinion, gathered from the re-examination and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. > Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that the remorse — which visited Eugene Aram will induce him tb. 'mako a full confession of his guilt. 