ngSPITAL---BENEFIT 'AT TOD gic TORIA THEATRE. S evening thie entertainmenet in aid of the funds of theNewcastle Hospital took place at the Victoria Theatre, and it was Severy respect a triumphant success. Iong before the performance commenced, tho House was crowvded from pit to ceiling, the stalls being well filled in every part, not with the ELITE of NOwcastle, but' vs181 tors from a considerable distance. The entertainueont was with two exceptions rendered by amateurs, of the greater part of whlom it may be well said that they could have miade their mark in the pro fession, if they had entered npon ,a theatrical career. lIr, Olarence H. Hannell was the moving spirit 'of the Committee, and the usual success attended his effobrts, this time as well. as in all his others, in organising populariamnusemo nts, either dramatic or aquatic. Precisoly at 8 o'clock the curtain rose toa 0electson from the tragedy of Hamlet, lui r IrC. . H. Hnnell sustained tihe clnarictcr of tihe Prince of Denmark in a mnnuners lhich evidentlyshowed a thorough acquaintance with tho part, and which roained very little; if a'ny, of that MAIsVAIS uOUT whlichI too frpqujontly attslches to thie pecrsonlication of a difll clult character hlike tlhalt of IIamlolet "by amateurs. In thie soliloquy upon his royal fitler's deathl, he was particularly good, and fairly. brought dclown tlho house, and it the conclusion of the selection he was vociferously called before tihe curtain. The ghost of lIr. J.'D lrant w's capitally rendered, and was" deservedly applauded. The description of thie purgatorial fires" was a fine piece of declanatioun.. Our old friends, lis?agr. A. Tlhompson and Booth as Horatio and Ifarcollus. played witlh theiir usual ability, and we hope soon to welcome then back to Noawhistle'for ai lengtlhenedperiod. At the conclusion of Hamlet, 'a grand concert wvas'given by some lady and gontle men anmiteurs. ' The boeautiful quarlette, SCopre wlheore my love lies dreaming," was delightfully rendered by. Miss HIan-:' nelb M?Iossrs. C. H, asiul J. Haniell, aid T. V. Bushello, and raIptsnously re' domsanded. The solo by Miss Hannell was particularly fine, especially the encore, when the young lady seemed to hadv been inspired with more confidence by tihe enthlusiistic 'applause of the audience, ~Mr. V. Bushelle then gave " Englasd, Glorious EnglaNdl," in excel lent style his fino bass voice boingq Iserd Is gicdt :sslvntcsage, ';lsi' hds n'cariowly escuped a"en ocore. 'Tle'beautiful duet by Mrs. Parker and Mfiss Jones was very niclyrondcred, aicd was alsore-dcelanded. The "Wind and thie Harp," by MIiss Heaunell and Mrs. Claick meot with well deserved applpiase. Aballad " My Jamio's so slihy," was very pleasingly given by Mrs. Parker, and well received. .' Come back to Erin" was sung by a lady aianteur iti such otlffect as to prodsce a vociferous rllcnro. " ' " ' " ' ' One of the most humorous portions of thle entertainment :were. the Dutch exporiences of Hans Jansen, characteristi-, cally rendered by Mr. J. Hanniell, and· loIudly applauisotll 'c Tle Itonqqls o' lai~rly Meal,' by|MIr. A. Watt;. in char actor, was givon in truho Scotch stylo,.aiid ivas loudly re-domanded, when Mr.. Watt gave. "' You can alwaya.depend on Sandy." Tho services of this gentlomanl are (y invaluablo acquisitioq tq any ontertain jnent, and we're warily appreciated last vqeing. : Tlhe Irish song, "Donnybrook Fair," by lr. James Hannell, amused the audienco t6 pitclhof eiitlhsiasnm, and tlIe welcome Mr. Hannell received, tihe moment he appoareod on the stage, must have been highly gratifying, and was a Cure proqf pf his'populari~y.; 'iAn en'core (iing loudly eind persistently demanded, Mr. Hannell gave ''' The Pickled Jew," amnidst repeated roars oflaughlter. At the close of the first part .of the entertainmoit;, Mr. J. Hannell, Son., addressed the audience, and thanked them heartily, in his genial manner,- on behalf of.the Committee, for .their. attendance.,. rnd'also tendered his wartist'"ackibw-' lJgmoints'Ifor tlo khid and and encouraing, iannem in which "tio ' audience' had leivod tlhe o'orts" 6. the ldy and gnitlemuli' 'imateursa.': Ssicl a rqceptiop would assist thlo~e great!y in.endeaegaring to arrange ansothpr enstertainlqmentfor the iuasoslont of thio publi,"' lib l(o stated that it was the intentiori of thit Hopitsal Comnmiittee to publish in the:HErii?unind other local papers, the'financil,result of the enterpriso, and also to ackidowledgo the gratitude £f Ihe comm;ttoe, adhd'thle local Press. . Hoe also 'passod" ' ,wll' deserved eulogiuns os-?Mri.John:'Benn.ttt, for tlis liberality is'lelowing the use of his hliidsodio theatre, rent frooe;:on!thiis 'oca .rmr h .li tvenpng!s amusoment vwas ,brought to a close by. the screaming farce.of .the !.Virginian . MIummy,'! the?, charaters. bping .thdvouglily wpell rondere?by. lady ajid gontlpnen si·atejir?. .Tlpo part of, 4 igW1,lgii' r. J. Hamne ll wae ans Inmmnse success, .aiRd thlit of Di. Gates b y MF.. i.McMurddci .was also: excl lontlyrendered. The Irishman O'Leary, by.Mlr. Tully, was thoroughly:.melesian, and it needs no higher .praise tlhan that. Charles, an artist, was capitally posirtrayed by Mr.:Robinson, andthe other olharaer, ters were well sustained, especially that of Captain .Rifle.. The piece provoked roars of laughter throughout, and the curtain fell amidst loud applause. :fHer F. Becker acted r s accompanyist thlroughout the even ing wit great ECLAT, a solo by hini entitled 'a Negrq Dance bei. ~. . l~~e s eoi~; ih4~', tpjalauli\\. 'I'lso eplondid lBurwaood br=s; nduimhndor thoeleadership of- Mr. Hardy, p?!piedtlje orchestra, and'plryed some xcdlloit sehctioing of nmusic t!hroughoi?t thb ovening The whleo of this entertain. ment was highly satisfadtory, and maybe classed as ono of the bost of its kind over witncssed in Newcastle. 