'RSBBEDANDMisTAKENFOR'AGHOST. j' The/'MGCliariiosburg - (Ouriiberland . .County) -'Jourhal'tells'a story that seems almost 'inored- ible, ' though it is vouched 'for - as/ strictly . True. Sarnuel Erbj'of East'Pennsboro ' township, had been tOj church one night,, and, as 'heapprooobed his1 h'ouse "was Btartled' by' cpi cpmmoMorijiri his .chicken. -.coon.' On :inves'Heatink''llie''datise the discovered thrce meri, wringing jkjVq necks'of his poultry. Sviiou the . thie ves' saw himThey fled with their plunder, seeking shelter .amqrigVsoine -'buahes:>;rMr.!Brif;with:.hi8/dog|;'Knf8p/tein but a couple of- shots from- the, thieyes.caiised ;the dog' to retreat. A -pistol was then presented to his breast by the robbers,, who. robbed hiui\of liis money and watch, and then 'compelled him to take oft'- his'clotlies, stripping hiui.of his shirt and .drawers, .. They, then gagged, him.jiind .tied his hands behind jii's bacjc, .aiitl lie w'as allowed to go' home, 'tlie' thieves' taking'- their! departure also. A correspondent' of the Journal tells the rest of trie story as follows : — " The feeHngs of Mr jErb eari be ".easier imaginedTthau described as helrallced home1 tlirougli the' keen 'air. But his troubles wpre/nqt' yet. over,. fpr, at his gate 'lie was met riy'riis'dbg,!- which' had deserted him. Failing to recognise hie master, lie kept barking and snapping through the pales at his legs. Mrs Erb being aroused by T-he'noiae, looked out of tlie- "window;- i and '-'seeing/his; white figure dancing, in.-tho, moonlight Uioughi; ic (.wap; a ghost; called 'lier' father, who ( ivas; staying- with her at the time, who/came armed with tho shot gun, and opening the 'door 'he, called off the dog. He then desired, to know; thk'mission of one in so strange an -attire. ' .Never 'was man more willing ito; speak riiv more unablo, than Mr Samuel Erb.. ,So the pnly'.repl'y was' a few nods of tlie head, accompanied by us many jumps with /the feet.'! Mr /Boozer .then brpnofit liis weapon to his shoulder, arid, 'taking' aim. at the supposed ghost, demanded it to spoak immedia tely, or ''leaVe1 tho premises; With this lie eoupled the promise that a failure to comply would cause him to fire, /.MrErb/wasow-in a great dilemriia."' Speak" he "could" not. 'If jhe stayed he would-be shot, and/ if. he went away he would freeze. /'t -ffri/fact lief ivbsfuoarlyjfrbzoji already.' Ho turnod to go, and as lie did so lus wife saw hia 'arms' wera tied'on "his back, ; Tell ing her father this,- that gentlomari'called'to him to come back;. b'ut kept thb: giiri pointed, saying as long as there'was noj eyideticp of his, hostility there'rieod..be<;nbj|ei,-.h;il'%b,,iromblin(v obeyed, and on .drawing, near "was recogriised, and taken iu arid oared foe." jt) Oa.I AQ 