The Tichborne Romance Again. In a recent copy of the Melbourne 'Herald' appeared a letter from Mr. J. C. Le Sage, a gentleman who claims to be in possession of such knowledge aa would enable him to lay his hand upon the veritable Arthur Orton, but is prevented from doing so through lack of funds. In his letter the writer expresses his willingness to give for the loan of £100 the sum of £500, should the infor- mation he possess win for him the reward of £2000 of- fered by Mr. Gilbert Onslow for Orton's production in England. In consequence of this statement, a repre- sentative of the Herald interviewed Mr. Le Sage, who is reported to have made the following statement : All the world knows that Arthur Orton, so much talked about, landed at Hobart Town, Tasmania, in the year 1853, where he was in charge of a pair of ponies which came out from England in the ship 'Middleton'. Between the years 1848 and 1850, Orton had been in South America, where he became acquainted with the D'Castro family, at a small town called Mellipilla. I became acquainted with Orton at Hobart Town 1853, and when I left the island to go to Vic- toria in the same year, he had preceded me by several months. Does it not seem strange that, at the late trial, no informa- tion was elicited as to the whereabouts of Orton from tho months commencing May '53, terminating about the end of' '54? It was merely supposed that Orton was during that space of time in Hobart Town, whereas in reality he was not there at all. He was in South America during the time, and when he returned to Tasmania he came as a shipwrecked sailor, who had been picked up by an emigrant ship. Orton himself told me, when in aftertimes we met in Gippsland, that he knew the fate of the Bella, the vessel on board which Roger Tichborne is said to have sailed from Rio Janeiro. Orton told me that the craft was not wrecked, but that a mutiny took place aboard of her. He was always dumb when asked what part he took in the rising of the crew. The story told by the claimant about his landing at Port Phillip in 1854, in a three- masted schooner, called the Osprey, is a rank lie, an invention of his own. The fiction is based on the following facts :-Arthur Orton was strolling one day about the Melbourne wharves, desirous of again going to sea, and looking for a ship. He met and was engaged by a Captain Michael Carmichael, skipper of a 64-ton scnooner that had lately come out from Glasgow, via the Cape of Good Hope, and was then on the berth for Sydney. This little vessel was called the Osprey. Hence the confusion. The other Osprey, the one that bothered the lawyers, never was built ; it and 'Mrs. Harris' are identical. If the schooner Osprey that came to Australia via the Cape, had picked up a boat load of shipwrecked mariners off the South American coast, it stands to reason that the men would have been landed at Cape Town, that being the nearest port, on the route to Aus- tralia. Now it happened that, although engaged to serve as a sailor aboard the schooner Osprey, Orton did not go to Sydney in her, as she could not get a cargo, and was conse- quently taken off the Sydney berth, in December, 1854, and sold. At this time Captain J. Johnson, of Mewburn Park Station* was in Melbourne making arrangements for the building of a new homestead, which was erected in the following year, 1855. Captain Jonnson and Orton met, and the latter was engaged by the former to superintend the landing of cattle at Hobart Town, as at that time Johnson exported from Port Albert, in his own craft, cattle to Tasmania. Captain Johnson soon found out that Orton was a very useful servant, and a man likely to be of service, both at the Tasmanian place of landing and the station of Mewburn Park, so the captain took him over in his own craft, the 'FreeTrader', to Port Albert. After a time, in the year 1856, I met Orton, and then he was engaged as stockman on the Mewburn Park station. At the end of 1856 Orton went to Boisdale station, under engagement to Mr. Foster, and in the year 1857 he was sent to the Dargo. I know that, in 1858, Orton was on a station owned by Mr. Foster, but the place was called by some aboriginal name, which I do not remember. At this time a dreadful murder was committed. A man, who at the time was well-known as Ballarat Harry (real name Henry Wickens), a former shipmate of Arthur Orton, was found shot dead. For this murder, a storekeeper, named Toak. was tried and acquitted. Strange to say. after the murder, Artuur Orton refused point blank to remain in the locality where the tragedy occurred. I said to him in jest, " Are you afraid of Harry's ghost?" Then he grasped me by the throat with a sudden movement, and as suddenly released me, remarking with a laugh, "I'm not afraid of any d--d ghost." I must tell you Orton was always looked upon as Harry's murderer by the Gippsland people. The next thing I know about Orton is that, at the end of May, 1859, he was employed at the "Exchange stables," in Sale [Vic.], and that he suddenly left his employ, taking with him a horse, which he stole -a mare, the property of a Mr. Blackham. This performance caused the following notice to appear in the Police Gazette:-"Arthur Orton, horsebreaker and butcher, Height, about 5ft 9.1/2in. Brown hair ; stout build ; very little beard ; pale complexion ; a tooth missing in the upper jaw." This personal description tallies to a nicety with that given of the " Claimant." Little does Arthur Orton suspect that the man he left for dead with a hole in his skull, is living yet: Little does he know that there is a man living who can produce his facsimile portrait, taken by the Law, and tell that which will destroy him. After the Gipps Land [sic] murder no one hears of Arthur Or- ton. Why? The answer is easy. Is it not natural that a man suspected of a murder, and known to be a horse stealer, should think a change of name desirable ; and is there anything more natural than that he should adopt the name of his former South America acquaintance, De Castro ? Those who gave attention to the newspaper accounts of the Claimant's trial will remember how adroitly he--fearing the Crown might be in possession of facts connected with Orton's colonial career--makes the horsestealing hap- pen in 1859 at Castlemaine, and represents the persons tried and acquitted for the offence as two in number,-to wit, Orton and Castro. It is not true that Orton and Castro were tried together at Castlemaine, for Orton did not leave Gippsland until May, 1859\. The police records will show that warrants for the arrest of Orton were in the hands of the police at, all the sta- tions in the colony, in June, 1859; that descriptions were given of him in the Police Gazette, and that no mention is made of a De Castro, or Castro. I can also prove that Orton did not go "up country" after leaving Gippsland, as l have in my possession a wages-book which proves that he went to Tasmania, and entered the service of an Hobart Town butcher named William Ham, with whom he remained until the year 1860, when he went to Riverina, and became known as Castro, a mail rider. Castro, tho ex-mailman, was after- wards well-known at Wagga Wagga as a butcher, but no one heard anything more about the horsestealer, Orton. l am in possession of shipping records, newspaper extracts, photo- graphs, and documents written by Orton, but I do no at pres sent feel at liberty to disclose more." From the above narrative it will be perceived Mr. Le Sage believes himself to be in a position to prove that the convict, commonly known as the "Claimant," is really Arthur Orton. It will also bo seen that Mr. Le Sage does not pretend to say what became of Sir Roger Tichborne, though he authoritatively claims to be in a position to prove that the self-dubbed Sir Roger, of Dartmoor, is the actual Orton and Castro of Hobart Town and Wagga Wagga. Mr. J. T. Wright, of one of the Melbourne inquiry offices, has undertaken, under certain conditions, to ad- vance the required sum, £100, without bonus or charge whatever. * Mr. Johnson was for many years engaged in a flourishing business as a ship chandler, in Hobart Town, migrated to Gipps Land, and was afterwards a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria. = = = About half-past seven o'clock Monday morning, a porter on the railway named William Crossman, dis- covered the dead body of a middle aged woman in the paddock near the railway fence, and adjoining Mrfl. Shea's dairy, between Sydney aud Newtown. The body WOB lying in one of the watercourses between tho two bridges on the railway lino. Deceased appeared tobo a woman aered about 45 years, of very stout build. She was dressed iu a brown serge jacket, having a twill in its texture, and a skirt of a Bindiar material, closely resembling mohair. On her head was an untrimmed black hat, and on her feet stockings and galoshes. The colour of her huir wan u (birk brown, besprinkled with a few grey hairs, as if her hair was turning grey. The body was conveyed by tho police, in a curt, to the demi bouse of the Benevolent Apylum, to await ideutiticatiou. 