We werehewn on act Tueadpriby;sfaien&dlf; ours a paper by Mr. Buaomaetqrof Walloon, containing a plan of a section of tBe'?o?jl?rn and Western "ally waj~ ezlxib.ting the ne pf the pt; -e n miseilin of d ilpa~ p j1p~rtp)y ;s nfao application for 2.or e p instant ie iai out' . 1 b ; shl`dh'-wa oooasioned by a paseoa)eil bi that date. The Oonmitil6ner ,tstee tlatthhataiin eadotbadmltte:l t" "Thela? havinulbeshelearly-aid down tbatihilway7 prprietoritate not iesponsible whenltteii beahawa': \--as this department can- that every meausand4k?b wn'.t contrivances have been usneed toarrest eparks iaing from the loeomotive'aonines.' Webhveale*oieeoa Buekmaster'e reply, which istrt the folli?ping effet : "That, as he can prove 'that.eeery means,' &e.;, haoe not been used by the department to arrest the effeets of these sparks, the Commissioner's argumeiagainst his claim is not tenable, .apd that if the eomsissioqgqr shbOld til deem it right to'disallow thelahim ad`ths coats of a eummons al pvdy iseaued,.tbhe nater'wil'h'i "' to be tested at the Ipatioh Police Odttaon the 2nd proximo." We are not at libei'ty to eapleinthe sdaJn tents of Mr. Buokmaster'sepaper, butif the statet~ontsm in it be correet, they chow thii most easio reaNstea? carelessness on the part of the Railway Depaatmenb.~& . we would not go toonfar in.e ying erimiaet negligenae, whben we consider the dreadful season we havejast,. gone through. In whatever way the oase may end, h the thanks of the poor etrugglinglrpoe and selectors along this "Atilla" line-whosd ?inies have been threatened, and whose cattle hkvelboen left td staafef -are due to the person wheo,at anyiate, tried to p o' toet them, and whose efforts, if they will pot caue - punishment for the past, will, it is tobe hoped, ensure more guarded conduct on the part of the railway authorities for the future. - The Courier speaks somewhat diapiraginglji6flthbs East Moreton Farmera' Shboi, which was held in Brisbane on Tuesday. It says:-" On the whole, we cannot consider the display creditable to the dkitrit.~" We have to reoord: the death of Mr. Thomas M'Knight Wilson, of the bfskMountain Reserve, at the good round "e 7. 7ypar.",e 2 deceased was highlyreepectggj 7 c orwle oli`ndn. He was born in Belfwast;, ?n in?179, ai-'emigrated to this .lbMbwy 1 Y 1)T ed dob aisdliby gi'wvifowe and a family of sit non. anadhree daughters. Ho was the first agrlepilurI ;eabtln Ito NtakdiiEs land on the Peak Mountain eserve,-- Two of his sons, both sines alaiesd,8rOnhhbkt hnRl abneidi-tlie Be'.Ii:idf Wilson of South Bisbeablind the Rev. Samuel Wilson of St. Stephens, i thin-town. They were both very highly esteemed, and neeenedful in their ministerial lsbours..ploqeer eTehit/ilson, who builtntbb South Brisbanehuroh, also labo4ted op the Ipswich Renerve when his health, iledi~1n hind kaw,the neans of get ting the prenbfn elideh itili'terea: He took a very prominent part some, , varpr'go, in conjunction with Mr. T. B. Stephenn p 8,pr"rdj g the movement for free educatidn;and, aterwards succeeded in getting two sohools for the Pesk'Monntain distrio. The Rev. S?tdh lt wite? llh be'?ll apd h?ffetibnatel' rembrm bibyaon oe?artorWb people as one bithe moat' able andjsth fta iistetdneonneoted with 8t. Stepehn' Church.. -i f midral dt'the fathe of the ahb6se, took plsoeyesterday afternoon, auddespite the short notice given, was larg ly attee l b many botl from town and country.' oe-leeave a'widot aged 6 years. We regret to learn thatsIDr 'Rowlandp is at present confined to his dibue, ei: rid vi?iy' acutely from pains in the region ofthe'l1d, facwtpeo sustained by h 9,4e B .1P 4 p. The ,$7 ofhgb dctqv'. old'eiy oame onlastMonday, and we are sorry to may that be has not 'i?proee any"slnoe. He is also suffering frongdiflansatbin f ferl ahtl' df course the intense heat of the wather qiters uitm much worse than he otherwfeae wwQld ,err WPope soon to see him able to rerdme his ? s ?eagin. 'The Jepa, ;peripppqd in iIwicbton Tuesday wa somethlmg frightful. Abot 7n the evening, however, ut -nderptorm meamv h blh ted for several hours. ,bbdb.d, .? 7.&t.; ,j,. Saioyde If thb e?-?n d h elest on the ',. *C s ha1e fnomnihe 1Carii~of: Monday lpt? Wes t DqAr pau,?de , nestroke froma which ??el 4m.i.-D'ArMy. ad" been ednaterding Eghanmoved ucI.-~o~ tmno drysetaete-r-Mrs D'Army.died q toaurdiyafternoon. :.The.deceased rapan.bprn'at'£onsoub;.LntheBombay. Presi. eny, in 1848, and was the eldest aon of Oaptain Robert West D'Arcy, pf the Hon. East India Com. yaf .- -Mr. D'Accy wee educated in BEngland, a ?, ni n ,:M'i .eolonlby the abip ,Venguard, in -.. - .L wiutoh time heT.reeided in Brisbase or its neighbduhood. Mr. D'Arey was married, and bhad, we believe, one ehild,, whicb, with Mrs. D'Arcy, is l0tr.4?%?geibhaw hasebeen kid "enbliogh to forward un eool,?f, iie" '.Brisbate Directory and Squutters' Ggidll dtbalaheda'tlihb Coirier oflooe. Itlisnemark l t?elllgoet l ?; anl nuombers (eaelnsivhof alvertiseo 0Ip a18 pegens. 'We sbonratalate Mr.'Shaw 'n the Xtihdl4eSbiitis6/whideh eodisplaya .and cordially elu ceu. Hegitenthe followitgg" dileetids :" .iSwl¶et,'l?tWwade land!;Pjf'edionalu ;" G'Gb'ern eadantD Bl? 't'Eoelebastical/i' Legal,"' Medi !4btal fihd Boad Gnidejt "'Squatters' wldseWhi is blluhdmirsi'blyerrabged; ' It is a trg ateriaeunetiy~h&sinot; beei shown int the "_Sbee,? tlnberaMflbhe Lotert Hieijd. 'This; the nsbabdif MCsen Eitagecali, 'Hind, iMotitoo% and i reiselainedf,]eb is that'f Mr. O. i.'ra ham (bat at watloolati'tfore otice), while theinem. her for Darling Dolwna i..called William and not S9J.4p r f~rie ameis omitted aslto a h I u',",'.T ,iýhphi i 'Ltuni agemC otfsa T dayi wo give our gfrom Aowbe,Copiernwhioh we o , oI% 'ASiteenUofor yeatw, dnd can at .9gL qXIPBiPeertbat ,h5thr b ew thy of any civio distinotion. We will eongrtulate the people of the diptriet gn tbehirpli' ei lold hey return his :. W e arn' thnt Mr. 7fohu' 'Stpveoeoh, of \- na Bitebb; o4idd resi?ent i?Rock. I-hb , B b.? ad otQlit e ressning livltatoiis of f TOettanbnWad6d o?nseited to eoqinfor ward foelh~taisi6tfthibney; ta te room of Mr. 0. J. Gwameaengnyun. , eo e and com •pativellantb litieal?life, but 'pooe'ene ability and energy, and if retu?atd, Wpppld soon win the re rggy cappapsaees apndenergetio nenmber; etiuifOiýe4 t2b 'astie bietnetana local pedhstrian eý_l-?itt6 tffhab mtat i.;nwho rfoilm'eii. in Brisbane t.w eb b o o, tlbi?fflatoediy nrmdning, oh ahin: e' bor ofsaa eboUP'hok'?ble ih1iih heb: lhidtiineal eoeily6 the lle g Thebltedic abolt? bitie b?, ,. ork pn fetlbd bh'thj wnnnbrin 5b anijs. 51ie .D. Greutec. :~ .'I · The aheavy 5trmO . eht1asod over, lrorisb on ýi~j~a )ias, vneg~et ~tt~lVýe n fat tMehid' ' of wltleh have tIe 'oW, idtif .i.'Ts gmes WRtilime, ha ??dt ,-irb rbdl Wiii?l ia|.? ?,i oidt s rlark hLerhea klottalW plddookth,6'Br owe Bhe dge road, wheo alb;h ts lti .b iiltt;l'b0 4htia trick by lightning, and killed g agtjysr The circumstance yRy .' Itn, atbhe. oppital gpte,apdby twoJ i aroeing 4.11e ,park. in- an opposite , - .p I ad re paly, a ew yards rom W I t piee ofurookwhioh atooi,near S.tpde5 po,by.tha,eme shook k? ol y l ?The'aodm p ýt nep.hremovedl to St e.l {ti? hoo , a?ldr 0 sedho is aP gr p. bout d beenfpreqaayyear S ebeween twaa lredestindi t .roe 1 rgig' I sin"a4'( t 4-nctI it3ible .lbat d nMti atuambdoliam'oomnrrgd' "few iD rinG? ay.e D se). llagd ddatanebmiAnddeid" ipI#n ih ,of hi?,? ý,,o?a?iSedtaoaieede Sataur rdel/- cbleo tSieiddltbhtalmbentenddlid i to proceed hnto t.?fe?,awbof dtheyruro 6 i.oneitqess. mg a racebeteen two ne?edestrian. A dief pate or rhoneo?tlW the artb orfth , e ab, "nd' tal oerredrede nae.e ts n is credt -a-s rero red re Uo t lg ldipp;t niip he?oeree v nid obflrtho .rea lha?t.'h n aYgee.t he b'aiIdtd ad ip' i~eo te?d tAw os ote? , of ~h dorm o a istances diat t~iý dtil' p d a lo winvch t)aeytera'eet, bat an t?enalt4 etilahldT il'7or rathlpinedun til Sunday morning, .lreo a bey.sere fouad e?croted ani o hin OtOr? ptph e waoerw thae lippaca tere or g iiWar? red Ihthorre rts. -twhrae fag , ~g )iled.,,eyre e f:diepoeltion to eTfJLgBr alli s..droMs ef eosoalt and rob bey on operson, of which dresam.he hat diatant reeolletiot, and, leaviengfi ed, carried the watch sud chain htleph pert re othe y areoo dsisovred. -btphe rainf rs lwa'e' l lere on hir ground wha en hlOfbbl ° 6ib'. 'need,* go verhrragh the isthrice,' the inuroseof biding the watch ent chain.. Meain' iont (ebyillidiba i t, tih hogsrteith the saladeM b i.ttifofe atteelbeids cleared te and the. pposed stls roper relovred At -rsal ltf rhb'Rt rith Etaetiýtlher l er dsorws qhas been. hlen wtTh baihrlagoser e1 gotolnin warg .e rdrctv, vivhid and plolwe, ao lprgei a. w ll do ongreat. Tleao istorm ob i Indeedowa~p t~o, l oer there epd l i violeece. "At Jon s 'f al`nisd iron from off the etables.ol Ptr. hlgtfeeljl a ated, hailstone. orrather lamp ba ice fil ,arfr as large e bo eoggs, that perforated Tal?'?Grat '& nrh tae at Jotel, naran red broet. AS 'li the winlow that kaod the s.erm. pr hoa!farbcain fell i otorrento. At Ronalie anb d 1d4'8t0 fkagandan the storm was equeally vioe.. lent. The hailstones were qot ao large or deetractave, bttterialww large aid, will do a conasidorablo ogbbd. 'Indeed,; al over the district, the frcqjnati 'thasideretdimjas are causing grams and water ib~ en abandane, and addiag strength and certainty to-'thse-naaize and potato erops.-Toowoeiats toma. iced Warrillar wine, for a eeasner drink, at Johe23i'Gratk's North Star Motel, Ilrisbanseotreel. LADVi - The tLod? 'contains the 'foll0sitig In reference to the expedition to the Fly River :-From a gentleman whoahas jizstarriied from Somerset, we learn that the Eltengowsn, missionary steamer, with the Rd?. Mrr MtFarlan,',Mr. H. M. Chester," Police Megisteate bhi Someteet, and Dr. D'tlberti, naturalist, on board, ve tumrnel to that port efter their expedition t-tlie Fly iveajtew Guiinea, oh the 27th Deeaemer last.' Prom the particulars gatherbd from our informant, it hppekre that the expeditionxreaobed apoint- 165miles from the mouth of theriver, being nearly 100 miles further thbn has hitherto been explored. On getting thiedistance,' very hostile demonstrations were made. by a large numbpr of natives in canoes, who were fully armed with epears, bows, &t.;, and decorated with their ":war 'caps, and in such a manner atoclearly indicate that they meant mischief.. Their conduct cauned consider. able disquietude amongst those on board the Ellen goean, and, after.seeveal unmistakablh demonstrations oefk,wprlike characeter, including the discharge of a nsmber of spears, it became evident that they must ?iut themselves ,upon the defensive. It fortunately haippendd that 'D. D'Alberti had provided himself 'il?h a npmber qf'chargee of dynamite with which to kill fihi. Several of these charges were thrown into the river under' the leading aunoes, and exploding under theni, ciuned sayec a detonation as to utterly confound the eneimy A~d induce them all to make a hasty flight.' After this skirmish with the natives, thoe'oen the Ellengowin ditermined not to proceed fuhthei up the river. In teirning the vessel, however, they bad-the mnisfortude to run her aground, and the propeller taking, the eand, the shaft broke, which nebeseitated the return' ouhey" beonio made under cannet. 'Before leaving the spot, the party landed and Vidited A deserted native village, where they secured a large quantity of uriosities. Amongst these was a large an?boer of sktlels, which it appears it is'the habit of the natives to hang up in their dwellings after par taking of the bodies to which they had previously formed a part. tA 'indicating the goodwill of the visitorsi:and'their Anxiety to maintain friehdly 'tel. tions withlthe natives, they' left behlid them a con-. aiderable quantitt of.stoits andarbtilee of trade. Re turning :to lthe' vessel, they' madetheir way slowly' down uheriver, and, after a pitracted passage, reached' Somerset on thes daymentioned. Sb great had been the 'anxiety cavised at this port, at the lengthened absbess of the Ella?gowan, that on the return of the expeditibn they found that a steamer was about to be obhartered'to start in eareh of them.' :With respect to the newly-explored conitry; we lern that it was gene. rally of as: lat,??swmpy, open charaeter, with man groves mostly.lining the banks of the river. In many places the river was over a mile wide, and at the ex treme point reached, a depth of four fathoms of water was, found. Mr. M'Farlane states that the country was so low and level that no site could be found at alt suitable for a mission station. The natives are spid to be of quite as low an order as the average aboriginal, and from their conduct on the oceea n referred to, they certainly would not appear to beoh dowed with any great amount of courage. It is our melancholy duty to record the death of another old resident of this district, (says the War woick Examiner of the 15th, ultimo,) viz., that of Mr. John Aspinall, of the Maryland Road, which event took place yesterday (Friday) morning at an early hour, ,Mr. Aspinal has been in a delicate state of health for some time, suffering from dropsy. ' Daring the last few weeks, however, he had somewhat im proved, and was :able to walk about and inspect the various works at his farm. He had a relapse during this week,and died on Friday morning. Mr. Aspinall had resided in this district over thirty years. A moset:melaneholy accident,(eays the Maryboroaghp Ghtroiole of, the 10th instant) resulting in the death of an infant, occurred on Friday afternoon. Mrs. O'Brien, of .the White Swan Hotel, was wheeling a perambulator, in which was seated her infantdaughter aged 14 thontbs; up and down the verandah.. Some ithing calling-her attestion 'inside the house, bihe for meombt left the scarriage and child alone. During lher aseence 'a breeze sprung upi caught the hood of the v'ehicele; and 'trenfled the perambulator aldjn the boards doin on:'to' the' road; where it'depsized. Tae': fall ifrom Lthea verandah to the' footpath was not a:mob thah 'eighteen inches. The child was pjked uptapparently none' the worare for the mishap. She thortlyafterwarda fell asleop, and afteran hoir's irat,was taken up and eat a eomparativel] hearty tneal. nae night aldynled the little one grewersick. Dre. Power a ' Little were. called in, but their united skill was unavailing, the child died at three o'clock in the morn ing. T-'he fall had caused concussion of the brain. Great sympathy was felt and expressed fpr the be 'reaved parents, and the funeral cortege whWbh followed the hearse to the.cemetery was over a quarter of a mile long. It was, as far as our recollection serves us, the longest procession.that has yet followed an infant 'corpse in Maryboroughi. A groper, weighing over 2 cwt., was caught with a shark hook by the cook and steward of the steamer Blunyip yesterday afternoon near the A.S.N. Co.'s 'wharf. The length of the body was about five' feet, and the diameter of the body about three; the diameter of the mouth was ten-inches. The strength of theifishappeare to have been marvelloos, for when being kinned it strucka man with its tail end sent the poor fellow spinning.: It was with conniderable dificulty that thp fish was killed, signs ofaniriation being eophibited for a long time after death 'wad sup ppsed to have taken place. ' This is the first groper fish ever recorded as having been caught in the FIitzroy. -Br?lesia, January '5. ' , From the "London Letter" of the Courier we extract the following.:-Tutning from our own to more distant bpdsttill graver troubles, things on the Continent have haything but a cheering aepect. Telegrams and letters of aepcial correspondents from Eastern Europe may be uncertain and edhtradicto'y, but there can be no miae taking tho moaning of those daily Cabinet meetings of our.osvn Qovernment. No?tor,a light cause could anpir bUfniste'rs' Le, kept. together;in tpwn, in this eSip'p, Vhe, innulorable foxhounds are rpursuing ti?o~gaobl?e .quarry. in all parts.of the..country, and pbcsanc, asod pnLrrjrgep.c re;boing.,brought to bha in lm?gtoe?yp? fieid.wittin.ffty smiles of London. The fttj~rzI?pnrb.qpeisI, Julooking 'graver. every day; A'v to :puttltin t eG ineeurectneon dspo,;'pedple have: ea' 'tob tailk about thiat as oven a possible result ; o, after much decision,.dho Times has taken up the arble, tlhat the duty devlvese upen ;Austria to be ?' ab a ai e'i,", Turksy ie rkly dipcuesed !bi'b 'last prayIi, fuor, ap ,te. Tiomes is ite rbidb'ilstl' to',inything which my happen to hier, as. ewifiv&r; i 'witi the' SuezCaa,' andao.thor advanages, t.road to India, which wIs'at our commant in.1853. eitd,'hbowevbr, as the' Powers were begoming, very 4l l ' s±eeibhipi't~"t th'i frank line' of diseossion, the .e aluf "icketfle--hnn'auth'ority "on our fordign re ?oon ' teed ea 'ditcculty. "If any foreign Power," ed,"proceeded to take pbssession of any pert pf Turkish .territoryi th:e sultan pould, 'and almost, bdrtainlywb&ild; raisethle ghost of th Eastern qpeation b'i?is' us, witli d'"effdet which would astbonish use. We werp reminded that'Mr Disraeli had once'truly sad "that' Engltind bas a great Mehominetau Power," aid'':?,' werbi cait?oned' that, if once a .rligion?s war bebkae ontint btEast, nd hnuau pprescience eouldset any ]imitato the possible results. We were badeto remem ber how the fanti.kMoslem had fought, and would on ite onedsion fight again for his' faith, and that in the far Eastii, Cleristians amonost ?altai?'etann were merely sel uiits to thonsandes In short,. this £/e N?oir of urope,' the suitan, is described' as a sort of fellow ,wso is quite preparod.toaet his house on fire rather tt&i;"see ai bailiff in it, .there' can be no doubt that geiit"tiutsnace ns is this Sublime Porto, it is a nui anco, which it is as dangerous as desirable to attempt to suppress. And, when ,the Time, and those who n?opt its views, opunt so confidenitly on the Suez anal; they count n .,a roadway to the East, as if it Ivasebn'iidestructiblo"as'tlio road via the Cape. Any one who as ever.(op I hare) passed through this canal must know? that thd great work' whichit took no many years to ebcnplete, could be made imppssable in a few dures. And we all know to what extremities people go when engaged ip, war, the object of which is, by means ofteh as foul as fair to do the enemy as much harii' as possible in every way. Buch, then, is thoun certain position, of this queslipn. Mr. John Le pnoinne, in the Jotrnal des Debate, denounees the supposed British policy on tho.question, probable jea lons of the apparent growing accord between our Gov ernment and those of thb Groat Northern Powers. Meanwhile,' ome six thousand Montenegrina are in the field, an important action-possibly a decisive one -is impending, and therefore there cannot boa doubt that the Eastern qluestion is the one whith almost en tirely engrosses the attention of our Government. A VAtnltING ELsxer.--Nervous, weakly pereons frequently dose themselves for imaginary diseases, when all they require is wholesome invigoration. Thousands have recovered robust health, by substi toting for unwholesome drugs a pure and agreeable Vitalizing Elixir which solaces the nerves, overcomes digestiveand other functional weakness or disorders, and is prescribed by four thousand intelligent physi cinns. We allude to Uoosero WoLa'so SUIEDcnA ABaoxATIc cal lrr.--[Ar. - 