lochview. ; iFItOM CHAMBERS'8 JOURNAL.]- ? Hare you over been in dobt ? If you have, you will ,fully undorstand.tho nature of the bugbear that scared me, the wet-blanket that hung liko a cloud over my early life. ' From my very cradle, debts and liabilities, mortgages and bewilder ments, loomed round our houso, and it was not very long boforo I bogan to understand what made my fathor so anxious at times,' my mother so nensive and — if I mav.usa thn word— fmlfnl. And yet Lochview was as fair' a place as -one would wish to seo. The house wa3 large and bandsoino, tho rooms wore lofty and: spacious. There were stately avenues and extensive grounds, vast stables and coach-houses; air tolling that tho Aliens wore among tho great people of the county. A keen observer would no doubt soon detect how straggling tho trees of the shrubberies had grown; that repairs wero needed here, thoro, and evory whoro over the place ; and that a^gondral-nir of 'dilapidation clung with lichen liko tenacity to the wall; and roof, and parapet. . I havo boon told the cloud bogan to gather in my- grandfathor Sir Murdoc Alton's time, aud he must have bc^n a desperately wild and reckless man, for.ho Eqnandoreihis money, cut down trees, and T bolievo would have sold ovory stick on tbo place, had it been in his power to do bo. How he' fjpent his incomo, or what sort of life he led, is not, howovor,- any' part of my story now. TI10 record oE his deeds ia: well preserved through all the.cquniry.-sidc, and not an old woman thoro but will ebako har beard with, a reproachful sigh, whenever Sir Murdoc'a name is moulioued; After this worthy grandfather of mine camo Sir Hans Allon, his. eldest apn,. who died unmarried, and, I faucy, must h&ve; trod jrathor clo3ely in hb father's steps,..for.thj} people nbout Lochviow play-, fully. dpsignato him f'Mad H-.ms' to this day. Tuen came my father, the youngest of all Sir Murr doc'fl sons, A. whole race of brothors bad at one lime stood bpU'con him and .the title, and he had gone into the army, to wiu his spurs as beBt ho might, But. after, a' time, theso brothers, one after another, died off, and then my father wao recalled to take possession of Lochviow, with all its honors .'aud— debta. . Ho did not come thero aloua, for somo'years previously ho had married the pretty but portionless daughter, of. an earl; and I, his only eon, was already born when ho entered iuto thp family dignitios. My father looked upon his heritage of dobt a3 fin unavoidable mischance— ;it hung like .an incu bus on hb lot ; but it never seomed to strike him that an effort might be made to got. rid of tho cruihinj: encumbranco. He led an easv sori.of life, accepting his position as. one that admitted of no remedy ; keeping up our hereditary dignity by still maintaining a retinue of servants, and hunters, and hounds ; and keeping up our far famed hospitality by gathering mauy friends round the bountifully Bproad ? table, or at tho spirited ' moot.' Ho was passionately fond of my mother, and would fain have sheltered her from ovory. rough blast of adversity, and; .every- thing that could vext or annoy. , The* dlil. roman tic experience of how the 'handsome: officer, won the daughter of an -carl,' still lived inhia heart as a r(?callt»btionthafconld nevor grow old or. 'pass away.-i... ?? ' :-?' ? . .,.. . .; As tirae^roljcd on, and I becamo f ully^aayare of all tho heavy 'shadows that brooded1 6 ver'b'ur fair inheritance, I vexed anil' worjiQd myself beydnd eiidnTftnceV it became tho ono wish of my' Ufo to pay off all thn dobts, cloar away tho mortgages, aud to., see oGr. beautitul Lochviow iu deed and truth our own. Oh, how I longed to.cnjoy its loveliness without those hidpouB oncumbrancca that were over increasing, and gro*Hig broader and docpor ! I panted to go out into tho wotld, and ruako a fortuno, heap up money in untold quantities, and then devote it to the' family good. It was clearly not to bo dono in .tUe.' quiet shades of Lochview' ; tHore, I might conjure .up wonder ful fichomes, and ? plan ' out ' deeds' 01 untiring energy in my imagination, but it- must bo away in somo moro active sphere that ray skill anil talents conM bo turned . to account. Whon I dreaiuc.l of all this in the solitudes' of our leafy woods, or ponderod it over wheu stretched at full length on the 3ward of our park, tho ideav seemed featiblo enough ; but I was hardly prepared for tho surprisp and, amusement my projected plans created, when I ventured' to UQfcid Ihcin to otbors. Tho fnat timo I mado my viow3 oti tho subject known was on t!so day I reached my majority, and my first confidanto wa3 my cousin. Jcssio Donpan, I recoiled tbc'sceno.wbl1; for lUc event was c?lobratcd with all tho honors. 'Fiiomte and noighboift for mile3 round wore as^jrV.C? «^t tho Hall, anil tjioro wero teul3 erected, and aftast Gpread for tho' tenantry on tho lawn', . What a wretchod mood twos' in ! Tho vory 'congratula- tions; and feasting and hilarity, ooomed but a nioikory— a aorics of mockcrioi, in fact— and I rushed a,way down a laurol v.r.lk, to cniah out soniD of l!io bitterness from my heart; and enunth, down siino- of tho wrinkles from' my 'brow'. Turning sharp round n corner,, ivitli haiHs c.iro lessly tliriut in my pockets, and m; eves bint on the ground, I camo suddenly upon Je.s-.ie, uu:l was'brought to my seniins by'hof rinpftn^ lau^h. 'il'.ound-at last ! Ilaro havo I bo'-n bnnting f.or you all over tho place tb*|» laftt half-honr.'' ? ? 'Why do you want mo?'' askod \j not in tto leaat returning her merriment. '?Ob, / don't want you, in tho least, Sir Kni»ht 0% the rueful countenance, but il'.-i just po.-siblo other pooplc may.' Tho tcnantn arc waiting to drink- your health— and horo I find you, tho heir, hWling all by yourself in tho wildornc^s.' ' Do bo rational, Joaaie, and just tcll.-ine what L'uihoirto? The family debts, Iho family dis honor ! It diivos mo almost wild when 1 think of it .ill.' . 'Hush, hush, Alec; don't begin that themo to-day. It isn't woras for you than it ha? been' for others; don't raakoypureolf.misqrablo now.' ' But it ia worse for mo, because I haven't the placid tomporaraent of tho 'others ' to whom you. allude; and I've mado up ray mind, to find a rpmedy. I shall go away from Lochviow, and never re turn, til I Tvo matto monoy enough to free the plaoo from debt and disgraco.' -Jossio made a funny ' little mouth, and then triod to look vory gravo. She know as well as I d#l- tho fichome. my mother had planned for 03 ' both, and she knew my opinion as well as I did hbrs on the Bubject. Josaie would ono day bo miatre33 of Ormsley, tbo broad acres of which estate touched the very boundaries of Lochviow. If wo wero married, tho encumbrance on our es tate would vanish liko dow in Bunsdine ; 'but I Bad no wish to bottor cur fortunes by niarrying .qrich wi£o; and I am sure Jessie in hor beat t fionorcu mo tor my independence 01 spirit.. Our ; v;oTy knowledge of this pot project of niy mother'^ had pi&U3; on our guard, perhaps ; and though wo had beon companions and playfellows from childhood, wo woro still 'only frionds/ not loyors. Tease and torment oach other we cer tainly did, but I verily believe dither of us would havo made any oacrifico to help or ploaso the other. Jessie triod to look gravo when sho heard of my intended flight frpm Lochviow. ... ' . , ?,. ' Uqing away, Aloe ! Ob, whatevor shall I do ? t.r.wnnlcd you so much to go, to .Crabtrcb on some [nutting picnics this autumn ; I'd qutto set ray 'heart on it, I assure you : and I really think' it'jj .ipost fortunate Harry Western has promised to .cj-me and slay with us all September.' . 'Is Harry Western cominc; hero aaain?' naked I, somewhat stiffly. . ... . v.O yes : and I'm glad of it, for ho'd bettor at .pulling down tho hazel bushes than you aro. He's so much taller, you know.' 'That's nil you girls think about ; if you can only get a rnan six or seven feet high to help yuu to pick nutn, and fetch and carry for you, you don't care for anything else,' Roa'.-life sorrows and anxieties aro nothing to you.' . 'Ain't they, though? lhat's all you know about it, Sir Knight of tho doleful visage. 'But now. ooaic back to the lawn, or the ' bra70 pea eanly, the country's prhlo,' will bs growing im patient. And, Alec, put on -a brighter Iook, or people will think you've seen a ghost,' I tried to obey my blue-eyed, merry cousin ; but more than onco that evening I moralised on the ficklenc83 of tho world in ? genor.-1.!. and of women in particular. No sooner should I have withdrawn. mvself from L-,chvieV, than Harry Western would be at hand to take my place— to ramble, about with Jessie, and do hor bidding. She would hardly rais3 me, perhan3. Bat is not this ev.or tho oaae ! SalJom after a little while are wo really mis.«d from our scene of r.ction ; Bbni'o ona or o'her is always ready to Btep into our Bhoe?, to take up tho reins, and io handle them, better, no doubt, tlnn we havo done ! Thus I moraliseJ. . ? The nest day I uufoldcd my plans lo my father. I, recollect wo weis riJius round (he brow of a hill, and a turn of the roa-1 give us a full vie*1 of Lochview Hall and the broad lands around it. My falhsr iliew up his horse.aud paused; looking down for a minute or so on the fair ccene ; then he turned away r, itb a Iialf-sigh, and I oxcIaimeJ ? ' It s a a pretty place, fallr.r ; and I will never re3t till every Hcb of it is our own— no more mortgages for mo.' Hi lookod round at me inquiVingly ; perhaps ho thought I was going to carry out my mother's idea, and marry Jcs3io. ' This life of idleness doesn't suit m'e ,. father ;. I: want to get. away into some pphere of action whore work and ehorgy will wiu success. I -want to get into somo business where monoy can be made, Will you help uio?' 'A fine enough idea iu theory, Alec, but you could nevoi carry it out. . If, however, you could maka all things fit according to your views, and plan just a-] you propose, tho achievemoat woukl indeed be n noblo one.' ? ;' But I hope to make the attempt. You would wish Loohviow to bo out of debt, wouldn't you, father?' ... . ' . ;. '' He turnoJ round, with a quick (lash in hidi-Te. ' 'Would a mail, lost in a ;dark jungle, wish for tbo open country and tho bright sunlight? Ay,' my boy, next to iho health-and h.VnuncES of ybur mothOrnrid yourself, that Li my dearest earthly wi^h,' exclaimed he eagerly. ??Tiicn 111 ao my uest to na our name ot the dishonor that rosto on it. You won't thwart me : will yon, father ?'' ? ... ? ? ? ? ? ' No, Alec ; but . remember I did not bring this dishonor on our heads.' ' ^ hly fathor spoko aa if deeply 'pained, and I 'wris sony I bad used' the word. '. dis- honor,' though I did ? consider if dishonor of -a deop tint. After wo rodo home in silence, and for somo days no furthor word war. spoken on the subject. But I knew my falbc'rhad mentioned it to my mother, and that they hold 'long' consul- tations about it. I could seo it by her wan' and wearied look|.by tho loug oaruost fjlances she cast at mo, and by tho dcop sigh with, which Bho turned away when I caught her. ' ' ? By-aud-by the my3tic, nohjolos3 whisper of rumor, that rises no one knows li'ow, a.nd spreads no ono can tell where, had niarlo it patent that I was going away. Evorybody in the house knew it, and all sorts of reports ..wero ciirr.ont. ? Tho project had bo^uh to shape, jinto form, and this was. the guis3,.it.had taken. ,'JIyJathor. wrote to Mr. Alexandor Forb63, a tnaa who had oii'co been an agent o^my uuelo, Sir Hans Allen, -but who was now a nourishing stock-broker in Liverpool. Hofhad inado a fino fortune' thcro, people enid ; and to bis leaching I was to bo consigned, that I might lcain tho secrets of business and follow his oxamplo. I wa3 to board in his houso for the present. ' till,' a3 my fathor said, 'I had gained all M10 knowledge I required, or had grown tired of my whim.' ' .- Well I remerabar my hist dinner at Lochview. The scene flashes before mo at this moment. Our dining-room was a large, lofty apartment, the walls panelled with oak, nearly black with age. llound Uieeo panelled walls wore portraits of my ancestors, who seomed on this occasion to glare down at me with roproachful oyca. Oar coatof arrn3 figured in many a nook 'and corner of the place. It alarcd fit mo from the hi^h-lacked chsivs, U shone out on every ornament on the tablo. At onn end of iho apartment was ft large decorated window, wills graceful moul.!ing.i and fieomet.-ic?.l tracery, aud fr.-a iiiwico »iiT i«unls cluclil 3pr.:k'ioJ down at us in rich stained gia&i.; I r?colj-e} ^bc sun was just sotting a.s we lingered thorp. ts'.Uiug ,' aud tho rap Wanted iii through the loaves of t!;o acacia and cylis'.i3 troos thit slocd outsido the wiudow, and reflected the colors ofithoataiusd-^lass .cu the wbito table-cloth in flocks an-] fl-ibhci) of light, that trembled and flickered lik? * brok&D-ur.; rainbow. TI10 two tall, eIs'oIi hef iflc: arranged Iho tiaffih tha* wo h.vl nti appeHfo to c«t, anT fin Ktiil ?alcck'or butler brought in tho wines that wo iisvcr Ixstrd. 'All llib mnro for the sarvau'b' lin'l, 00 .dou;-l, lya'jd bv. As4'0i as tho do irrt''vriR i/la ?» J on t':o table, find the ssrvauts were go'uo, my mothor eavo a'frio'h. ' .' - ??' I can't bear to think of your leaving home, Alec. It scorns as if wo wero casting you adrift on tee world.' ' But I'm not going adrift, mother ; I hope to steer my course well, and to return homo with a goutl cargo beforo long.' ' Ournon means to work, ElBo, to work bard, bo you must not discournge him.' '.' It's tho ' work' Icomplain of. I nover thought to seo my only bou departing from bis proper position, and going out to work among tho common pooplo.' ' Don't let that stand in tho way, Eflie. If Alec can make bis fortuno by honorable industry, let him do it, by Ml means, and build up our falling house— it eorcly wants propping.' ' Not ono of lny family ever went into business before ; none of thorn hod to earn their monoy in that way.' . . . ' 1 daresay not, my love. Your ancestors, as well as my own, understood tho art of spending far bettor than that of earning. Alec may pos sibly becomo a millionaire somo day ; and if he doen not, lot us honor him for trying to holp, and wish him God speed.' My mothor was Bilent, but ehe shook her bead sadly. A splendid pino-apple was on tho tablo beforo her : it might havo tempted any ono with with its perfume and lusciousness ; but eho only turned ovor 'tho dainty sections, not caring even to taste them. I think I see beforo me now that ' ladyo of high degroo,' with hor slight fragile figure, her aristocratic features, and light-gray, woll-set oyes. Sir Dugald, my fathor, was- Borne years older than his wife ; ovon now thoro wero traces that told what a handsomo man he* must havo been in 1mb youth, His fine upright figure and military bearing often put mo to the blush, and mado mo wish tor tho30 extra inches that made him tower abovo my head ; for I was not tall like my fathor, nor handsome liko him either. My old Scotch nurso, Janet, who had been part and parcel of our establishment ever sinco I waa born, and was proud of our linoago, sometimes oponly lamented my looks. ' Iudcod, Mas tor Aloe, you'vo no great causo for vanity. You've neither your mother's bonnio face nor your father's stately figure.' ' How cau I help that, Jauot?' I would ot ' You maybe canna' help-it, sir.; but -mind ya, them that's neither bra w nor winsom? should ba all the prouder in mindf ... ' ' 'In oiie way I shall never be that either, bo you must just put up with in 9 as I am, Janet.' Tho old woman had a word of advice for me on this lost evening, for when I had turned the clumsy footman out of my dressing-room, with a reproof for crushing up my s'nirtj, and folding my coats into creases, 'she camo hobbling in, and with tho air of a privileged retainer, bsgan watching mo. ' These lazy fellows know naught of packing ; and as for loldiug aad cording, I'll warraut you uuuui uu v, uoiaor yoursoir, n»lacer iliec. ' I darejay I shall, with your kolp, Janet.' ''Died, I canna' do -much in that' way, sir, but though a silly body mysol', I. can still gia yo a bit of advico.' . . -. ? ? 'Say on then/' saiJ I, trying to shut the cover of my portmanteau. ? ' Sandy Forbes U a groat man now, they say.' 'Indeed, nurse?' ' Ay. And I remember whon ho was lowly enough here, in your Undo Hans' tims. But he made money in Liverpool, and married his em ployor's widow,' 'Like the industrious apprentice in the story,' replied I, giving another plunge at iny port manteau. 'I,rot quite that— the apprentice married the daughter, but S:indy married tho widow, aid a rare, showy, managing woman she is. It'Bof har I would warn you', deur Maistcr Alec.' 'But what harui can she do to me?' I ex claimed, laughing. ' Sho ha3 two daughters, laddie— her first hus band's chillren— Alica and Carrie Merritt, thoy'ro called ; and thoy toll mo these young misseB are very fiuo ladies indeed, with their ailks, and feathers, and gewgaws. Beware of them.' I laughed outright at the earnest old soul, and Baid : ' You must be getting into your dotage, Janet ; surely, you don't think I need a warning iiuuub jiuo juuug mums utiu/Hge .? a ve aiKUuau my majoiity, and gon? past all that !' 'Ay, don't yo bo too boiwtful, Maistsr Alec. Ye know but little of the world yet, and they know ye'll he Sir Alexander some day ; bo don't be above taking the advice of an old woman like me.' , ? . When ray packing waa over, I went out to my favorite retreat on the hill-side, and there, paciug to and fro among tho heather, with my two dogs nt my heels,. I took my adiefu of the place in my own droamy way.' I looked down on. tho clear calm waters of the loch from whence ? our house took its name. The tops of tho oppo sito bills that shut in the loch almost like an inland sea were still rose tinted and lilac, from the last rajB of sunset.' Horo and' thoro were patches of mossy turf, and glimpses of shady undulations mysterious and 'deep. Down tho sides of the hills wore clusters of cottages, that nestled amidst sheltering woods; Lower down yet were bright yellow sands, on which fisher men wero lounging about among'thcir boats, and children wero shouting and romping .with e.ach other. Tho hum of voices floated up to me mingled with the musical ripple of the wator.3. How calm, how beautiful it nil scorned ! Never had it appeared moro bo than now, when I was on Iho point of bidding it all farewell. Yet,, who knows but this very calmness had been jar ring on my spirit through all those by-gone years. Th every repose may bavo been the secret talismanic influence that set all my nerves tingling and .panting for amorcactivo lifo. No pent-up, caged bird longed more tbaal did to bo out abroad in tho world, and to take its true place among fellow- workers. Bo this as it may, I was now all cagerucs3 to set forth on my mis sion, and as I lookod down on the plaoid scenes of Loehview, a wish and prayer roso to my heart that I miaht be tho ona who should yet wrest that fuir. heritago from tho grasp of dobt and dishonor.' Ere long I found myself hurrying along as fast as express train could ? carry .mo, to . that town1 that was to prove au £1 Dorado, and whoro all my golden dreams were lobe realised. Bright visions roso in my mind as the train spod along. This money-gettin« theory of mine bad taken such strong hold of me that I Had dotermined to devote all my energies to working it out. Busi ness seemed to mo a noblo science, and specula tions wero doubtless a series of triumphs. It wns evening when I roacbod Liverpool, and. as Mr. — or as we more generally called him, Sanely Forbes bad not come to meet mb as I expected/ I drovo on to his house alone. . Whon I lookoJ out, and saw tho afternoon stream of busy passers-by, and watched the. stir of. traffic,' my ^iritorC'? b'.gb I n™y I )'«'! reached the scene or nclioa, and brain aii'l body were ready for tbo conflict. Sandy Forbes lived in nn old-fashioned Bquare, somo distance from .tho. heart. of .tho towD. When tho cab stoppod at tho door, and I got out, I was conscious bt a hopo that I wight csc:vpo at ouce to my room, to rSJ-t, and preparo myself for my coming duties on tbo'^TOw. B-jt I soon found I bad reckoned without il? .host, for Mr. Forbes met me at tho door, atu A|tcr Iho first welcome, told mo, with a bhiZ'd. smile, dinner w.13 nearly ' ready. There was a general look of .careful g'tliiiR.-up. in Sar.dy'a app'-aianca ; hia coat was of the {?'o'siesft.'ftck. bis tie waa of the most irroproaohablo ,whito. I was rather provoked at having to turn out my valise and hastily dress myself for dinnor, instead ? of being allowed to retiro to my roomi'and onjoy tny first evening in solitude. I was still moro pro voked whon I found a wholo drawing-room full of company assembled to groot me. At least the room seemed crowded at the first glanco, but ona' nearer inspection I found only about a dozen peoplo were tbore. Mrs. Forbes . came forward at once with outstrotchod hand. I saw she waa a very fino lady indeed, all glowing in satin and lace, and gold ornamont3— a much finer lady than ever my mothor pretonded to be, for she waa always simply and quietly dressed, nevor decked out with many hupB and tints, as Mrs. Forbes was. Then I was introduced to the othors ; and ore long I found myself going down to dinner with Alice Merritt, the oldest daughter of tho house, leaning on my arm. But httlo interest bad the ForboB family to me then ; I oven amiled to myself as I romombored old Janet'a warning about the young 'misses;' and then I took a full viow of the ono sitting beside mo at the table. She was undoubtedly a showy girl, with plenty of coloringabout her. Blue eyes, sunny hair, pink cheeks, and white teeth. And I saw her sister Carrie faintly resembled hor, with n paler, washod-out kind of resemblance. Dick Merritt. the only son, was overdressed and foppish. I took a cordial dislike to him at tho moment, which increased tenfold as timo went on. Tho other people in the room woro invitod guests. Mr. Cornish, the iich cotton broker, lea Mrs. Forbes down-stairs, and poor Sandy walked humbly with the broker's better-half. . I soon discovered that, as son and heir of Sir Dugald Allen, I was expected to prove a great attraction to thp party — was, in fact, tho chief star of the ovoning. What thoy had beon saying about ma, or what they looked for in mo, I know not, but f could not hide from myself that I was ?' honored with great attention. Alice Morritt waa most patronising, as girls will bo to men who aro four or five years their junior. She talked about Lochviow as though she had been a native of tho place. ' I was hot aware my homo was so familiar to you, Miss Merritt.' ' ' Oh, I don't know it personally,.' she replied ; ' ' but Papa Forbea'— and she nodded towarda Sandy — 'Papa Forbes spent his early youth there, and I havo beon asking him dozens of questions' sinco I heard you wero coming amongst us.' - ? ?..--- ''Very kind of you to take such a lively interest in me, I'm sure.' ' ? ' Lochview ranst be like a beautiful picture, with its bills and woods, aud lights and shades. Is it not like a picture, Mr. Allen ?' ? ' Yes ; and a vory varying one. I wish you could have seen it as I did last evening, Miss Merritt. Then in the calm twilight it looked the very emblem of repose and calm happiness.' 'And yet you gavo it up to como into this matter-of-fact, work-a-daysort of placo ! How I long to get away from it sometiiries ! A seas6s at Lochviow must bo delightful, charming ! Mamma always will take us to Boulogne in tho season, and that is almost as crowded and over done as Li vorpool.' - ? ??. . 'I suspect you would soon grow tired of our quiet north country. You would nover see the ' new fashions there*; we are quite half a century behind other people.' ' You like Lochviow, don't you ?' ' 0 yes : my whole life, so far, has been spent there, and there are thousands of' associations that make tho place very dear to me.' Just then, I happened to look acros3 tho table, '. and saw a pair of deep, soft brown eyes watching' mo with fixed intontneas ; but they were averted . the moment they met my gaze. A second glanco showed that the owner of these wondrous eyes - was a pale girl, with a face liko a sweot pathetic legend — a lily-liko girl, with delicately -cut features, and glossy bauds of dark hair turned back in a full roll from her forehead. Sho wore a high black dress, unrelieved by tho magic sparkle of ornaments, or by those delicate bits ? of color of which girls of hor ago so aptly know the charm. Alice rattled away after this, but I did not give much heed to her affected liveliness; I was mainly intent on trying to meet thoso haunting eyes again. They attracted me with a mysterious power, they fascinated mo, they tor mented me marvellously ; I could not account for ' it. It seemed like some inexplicable affinity df soul to soul. At last tho ladies roso from tho' table ; the flutter of ribbons and rustling of ' silks were heard as they passed out of the room ' and left us to our own resources. ' When we ' joined them in the drawing-room, my first thought was to get a nearer view of the little girl in black ; but in vain I glanced iuto every corner of the room ; tho eyes were not there, nor the owner of them either. By-and-by,- im patience got the better of mo, and I began to ' ' question Alice Merritt. 'Who'waa that lady who sat.oppo3ito us at dinner ? I don't soe her here now. ' Oh, you mean Mrs. Wilkins'! She is the . wife of an awfully rich old shipowner.' ' Indeed ! A very youcg wife, I should think.' 'Not so vory young either, but very well pro-, served. Sse ; that is her husband talking with' ? Papa Forbe3— we always call him 'PapaForbes,'' . added she, laughing. .... .... I looked over, and saw a very, stout old gentlo man, with a bald shining head and short-cropped white beard, Ho held 'Papa Forbes' by. the button-hole, while he propounded .in his ears some intensely interesting subject, no doubt. .. ' Ia that Mrs. Wilkin3's husband? Whore ia she now ? ...... ' The carriage came for bar just after dinner, Hor married daughter gives a children's, party to-night, and she is gono to help to entortaiu the little ones; poor Mrs. Sothorby, her daughter, is so dolicate. ? ? ' I think wo must be playing at cro33-purppsea. Tho young lady I moan never could be a grand mother. She wore a high black dress, and bad deep, dark eyes,' . . . ? 'Perhaps you mean He3ter Carew. Mamma . tcouhl have her iu to dinner to-day, bocause we were thirteen— a mystic number. Sho lives with us, and has gone to bed now, I daresay, poor child ! Do you like music, Mr. Allen ?' ' Yes ; very much,' roplied I, noting much tho chango in Miss. Mo rritt's manner when she spoko of Hs3ter. 'Wo walked side by side over to tho piano, and. there, with hor gauzy bluo dress spread round like a gigantic hyacinth, sat Carrio, a group of gent\cmon beside hor/ for other f tienda had dropped in to the eveningrparty. ' What shall I sing?' Carrie wa3 asking. Two or three songs 'were named ;. and Carrio exekiined- ? - quickly: ',A3 none ot - you' agree, I'll ping:my, ? last now aong, my special favorite just now,' , That song I am doomed to rouiember, for I have many a time siuco beard it sung by tloaror lips' than Carrie Monitt'p. (TO BE CONTfKOEO IH OUR HEXT.) ' Another very satisfactory 'proof that oysters will live and fatten in Corio Bay was obtained last week, when five remark ably line bivalves were found firmly at tached to one of tho buoys near tho wharf. The}' aro, tho Gceionff Advertiser belioves, of the New Zealand variety ; if so, thoy have, in all probability, drifted acro3B tho bay from Iha oyator Lcda established by Major ITe;\th. Of whatever yariety tboy way be, they nro.very flai apeciraeacr and should en co^An3' We Ouster Culluro Company l? Pet' Eovero A? tlj.Bir unrforf.-xking. 