JOHN GILES on-" BABYLON, ELIJAH, &c.;" : (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. ) Sirs,— Christ, the Saviour, entreated the; Jewish people to search the Scriptures saying : — " In them ye think ye have eternal life and they are they which testify of Me," and beyond doubt we find a large amount of prophecy con cerning .- Him/ and ."a new covenant." But. iChrist and His messenger, in the scaled eyes of the Jews;: was invisible ; He came suddenly upon jtbem ; ejected : the money-changers from the temple,' &c.; and in the hardness of their hearts pre-ordained by God, they rejected Him ; He of whom the prophets wrote. Now, if we should search the New Testament from beginning to end, chapter by chapter, not one tittle of evidence can be produced to build" up an ' Elijah yet to come," but, on the con trary we find as an aggregate truth that Christ's messenger " Elias " came and they did unto him (John the Baptist) whatsoever they listed, vide Matthew xi., 9-15 ; xvii., 10-13 inclusive. Luke vii. , 19-35 inclusive. In Mark ix., 12, we find Christ is quoting from Jewish scripture, for be it well remembered that the New Testament was not then written ; and in those old writings the wheat had to be culled out from the husks of Judahism ; and the latter rejected, as the pro phets foretold, a 'restoration of all things,' under a new covenant. In the next verse 13, we discern the clear and decisive teaching of Christ, thus ; — "But I say unto you that Elias is indeed come and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed adding in reference to the prophets "as it is written of him." Both John and Christ worked to purge the house of Levi, to restore all things, and Christ's everlasting power Btill worka. against the 'whited sepulchres' of this «»uCB,' nevertheless to try ' the patience ; yet, as | God in his wisdom PR'- " a thousand yearB are but as a day in the sight of the Lord, so. we may not faint, although we can discern that which has vanished from Baby lon's ' plain of Dura ' now rising in a more brazen form and being worshipped on new sites polluting wherever it can Christian people, for God has warned us of coming events. He has also said vengeance is mine, I will repay." Now, again reverting to the Testaments, we may discern from Malachi, last of the old pro phets, a lapse of some four hundred and thirty years, during which lapse the prophets were silenced : the " whited sepulchre " had ripened into full perfidy, nothing to stop its wickedness but the 'milk and water' charity of Pagan Rome. It waB then that the will of God was manifested, the 'new covenant,' the promised testament was then built upon a rock, " a sure foundation " a tried corner-stone;" on 'Christ the Son of the Blessed' — (vide Luke, chapter the first complete). In the course of a little time the Devil was allowed to tempt Him into an ex ceeding high mountain of vanity, promising Him all the kingdoms of the earth (his own in fact) if He would only bow down and worship him ! Our Saviour thrice repulsed him, thereby giving us a lesson to hold fast to our Christian faith against all the snares of anti-christ. Subsequently, ' that certain Scripture should be fulfilled, our Saviour was forcibly placed be fore the haughty Jewish high priest and ques tioned : " Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed ? " Oh yes, He denied it not. There was no surrender. He knew the will of His Father and took up His cross. Now, it follows from both Testaments — the old and new — that Elisha was to come before Christ and so he came, this is Christianity. But, Sirs, Mr. Giles would give us 'lots of things,' variations upon the seven seals and trumpets, and ' what not ;' if we would only worship and dance he would pipe us through his ' castles in Spain ' and via Rome and Palestine into Egyp tian darkness, there to take up shares and welter umbrageously under the 'golden calf ' and bodily " restore all things ! " Ah, yes, and then some such Papal tool as he who was baptized in gunpowder at Saar-brucken, a sham ' man child," taking "a tooth for a tooth," " to restore all things, " especially those things lost by a sham church. Finally, to believehi the 'myth of ' ' Elishd yet to come" would open the door for any Mahomet like blood-hound whom Satan might introduce to the world. And let it be understood that such a belief would be an attempt to make Christ an impostor and liar ; and this thing no Chris tian may do, nor will do ; no, not for all the threats and means that the powers of darkness may use. Because the Holy Ghost teaches us that in Christ'sTight our souls shall yet see the fulfilment of that most gracious promise — eternal life; I am. Sirs. ' Yours respectfully, A PROTESTANT. 