During tbe debate on tbe address in reply to tbe Governor's speech, one of the speakers commented in a some what captious spirit on what he termed ' ostentatious ' reference contained in it to tbe production of the despatches bearing upon the question of the appointment of members to tbe Legis lative Council. The most important despatches, one from Lord Noimaitbt, dated tlie 21sfc January, 1S74, to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and tbe reply of Lord Cabkabvon, dated 7th April, 1874, will be found in another column. We think the public will be of opinion, after persual of these docu ments, that their importance fully - justifies the prominent position that they occupy in the Speech of I-Iia Excellency. In order to put the whole question plainly before our read ers it will be necessary briefly to refer to tbe circumstances which led to the demand for the production of these despatches. It appears that so far back as 1868, tho question as to the number of members who should be appointed to ? tbe Upper House had engaged the attention of successive administrations, and had formed the subject of corres pondence between the Governor of this colony and tbe Earl of G-eantiIiLE and Lord KiMBEBtEY, the then Secretaries of State. The Government of this colony had come to the conclusion that in the absence of any provision in the Constitution Act, it was desirable in order to maintain the position of the Legislative Council, that the number of its members should at no time exceed twenty-one. This understanding was approved of by the Earl of Gbah'- tille, and with slight exceptions, acted upon by successive Governments, On the 19th December, 1873, about three weeks before the meeting of the Parlia ment 'which deposed Mr. Paxmeb, it appears to have occurred to that gentle man that it would be desirable, at one swoop, to increase the number of Coun cillors by the appointment of seven new members. 'This opinion was communi cated to Lord Noemanby, and sup ported on the ground that as the number of members in the Lower House had been increased by ten, it was desirable that a proportionate increase in tbe rauks of tlie Council should be made, so that tho number of councillors Bhould still be two-thirds of the number of members in the Assembly. . Lord Noitmanby jumped at the suggestion, and, within a few days of the meeting of Parliament, appoiuted Messrs. Bamsay, F. Geegoey, Wilson, Box, Buchanan,. Buown, and Sandeman. Mr. Eaiisay at that time bad aunounced bis inten tion of immediately leaving the colony, and he, with three of the others, are at present in England. With the excep tion of Mr. Box, whose political opi nions were unknown, everyone of these gentlemen was known to entertain views of a very ultra-squatting character. It is not, therefore, surprising that these appointments were generally con demned, both in the Press and in the Parliament. Indeed they formed the subject of a condemnatory motion in the Lower House, but in consequence of the circumstances attending the intro duction of the motion, it was defeated. In the debate Mr. Pamiee justified his action by asserting that ' it bad been laid down in a despatch from tbe home Government that the Upper House should consist of two-thirds of the members of tlie Assembly.' The con [Jdeiit manner in which this statement was made, and the respect which is generally felt for Mr. Pameb's character by bis opponents, no doubt conduced to tbe defeat of the motion censuring his action ; although Mr. Stephens, tho then Secretary for Lands, expressed grave doubts as to the existence of any such despatch. The question was again raised the following year, on tho motion of Mr. Joitn Douglas, for tho produc tion of all despatches bearing upon the question of appointments to the Legis lative Council. In tho course of the debate, Mr. Pat/meb repeated the state ment, simply qualifying it by observing thab he had been mis-reported the previous year, as he had said that the despatches in question were accessible to any of tlie Ministers, but not to the public. A debate ensued, resulting iu a division, in which the motion for the production of the despatches was carried by 20 to 14, all the Ministers .present voting . with the majority, and Messrs. Palmee, Tiiojip son, and M'Ilwbaith with the minority. The Governor replied to tho address by informing the House that he would bring the question under the notice of tho Secretary of State, in order that His Lordship might be con sulted as to whether certain of tho earlier despatches, as well as those of more recent date, should be produced, The despatches are now public pro perty, and conclusively prove that no such instructions were ever given, and that no such advice or recommendation was over made by the Secretary of State, as justified the joint action of Mr. Palmeb and Lord Nobiianby. Further than that, they show that the Secretary of State fully endorsed the opinion expressed in this colony as to the impropriety of tho appointments, and that the only refer ence to any proportion in number between tho two houses being necessary or desirable occurs in a letter from Mr. Palmee himself, in which he recom mended the increase of members, and in the despatch of Lord Nobmanby to the Secretary of State in which this letter was enclosed. The whole ques tion is now before the public, and stands thus : Lord Noejtanby, at f ho instigation of Mr. Palmeb, increased the number of councillors by one third, immediately before the meeting of Par liament, and when it was highly proba ble that tbe Ministry would be defeated. Six out of seven of these members were men of extreme political opinions. When the propriety of this conduct was questioned, it was defended by Mr. Palmee by referring to a despatch from the Secretary of State ; this despatch turns out to be an imaginary one ; and when the production of the des patches is moved for, Mr. Palmee and his friends join in opposing the motion. We do not envy this gentleman the position in which he has placed himself, a?id shall await his explanations with considerable interest. The Courier this morning has given up the idea of trying to convince the public, or tbe occupants of tbe cross-benches in the Legislative Assembly, that a ' third party ' can be formed in the House, which would have a ghost of a chance of commanding a working majority. It also intimates pretty clearly that any ministry formed from the Opposition benches just now would find itself in much the same predica ment. This is a much more sensible view than the one it took at the early part of last week. It gives hopes that our big brother will come round to sense and reason by-and-bye, in spite of all its squatting proclivities. It would be unreasonable, however, to expect it to change all at once on an important political ques tion like this before there was any absolute necessity for doing so ; and, therefore, its suggestion this morning of a ' coalition ' Ministry .as the way out of the present political difficulty, can be accepted with complacency as a short and dignified toning down of its previous line of argument, even though its suggestion cannot be accepted as a practical solution of the issue nowraised. But a ' coalition' Government is scarcely possible just now, for several reasons. In tbe first place, any coalition which did not include Messrs. Palmeb and Thompson, from the other Bide, would fail to secure the confidence of the moderate squatters, who are the elite of the party, both in intelligence and personal influence. To leave them out would also destroy .all public confi dence in the representative character of the coalition, so far as the Oppo sition was concerned. The amend ment to . tbe address, the carrying of which will seal the fate of the Ministry, directly commits all who support it to a policy in respect to the carrying out of public works in the Northern and central dis tricts of the colony, which will necessi tate the floating of another large loan at once. Unless we are greatly mis taken, neither Mr. Palmee nor Mr. Thompson would agree to join any Ministry pledged to such an undertak ing. Then, again, as Mr. King was the originator of this policy, he could not very, well be left out of a Min istry which entered office pledged to carry it into effect ; and a Ministry in which Messrs. Palmee and King wero colleagues, would be about as improbable a combination as it would be possible to imagine, Neither would the Ultra-squatters be likely to support a Ministry of which Mr. King was a member. On the other hand none of Mr. King's late colleagues would be likely to join any Ministry committed to carrying out his policy respecting public works. A coalition then is not at all probable, even admit ting that it is necessary, which we are far from doing. Ifc is premature to divide the spoil until the victory is won, but in the event of Mr. Mac eossan's amendment being carried, the probability is that Mr. Macalisteu will j resign, and either Mr. Maceossan or Mr. King will be sent for to form a new Ministry. If thoy succeed, it will certainly not be a coalition Ministry which they will form, and most probably will not bo one which will command a. working majority iu Parliamont. Bub the formation of such a Ministry will give the new Premier the right to appeal to the country when he is defeated in Parliament, and this is the only chanca for such a Ministry But it is a far better chance than any coalition would give. The promise of a new loan of three or four millions would most likely be able to attract a sufficient number of the constituencies to give the new Ministry a working majority after a general election. The promise of theMaryborough and Gympie railway would secure the Maryborough, and Wide Bay Members ; the railway from Bundaberg to Mount Perry would secure the local members there ; a rail way from Townsville to Charters Towers or Eavenswood, or both, would secure sup port in that direction, and so by a careful distribution of promises of public works out of the new loan it would be easy enough to get twenty-one pledged supporters of the Government which advocated such a policy. Then pro vision might be made for paying the interest on the new loan by in creased tariff duties which would make it a decidedly protective tariff ; by an increase on the a?sessment of sheep and cattle on. pastoral runs, or by a ' spoiling of the Egyptians ' in the shape of squattera in some ' other manner. This, in all ]-rbbability, is the course which will be pursued in the event of a change of Ministry. It is, at any rate, the most leasable scheme, and the one which .promises to be the most successful. 