SELECTED POETRY. • A FORSAKEN" GARDEN*. In a coign of the cliff between lowland and highland, At the sea down'd edge between windward and Ic-e, Walled round with rocks as an inland island, The ghost of a garden fronts the sea. A girdle of bushwood and thorn encloses The steep square elope of the blossomless bed, Where the weeds that grew green from the graves of its rose Now lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the Sow last edge of the long lone land. If a Etep should sound or a word be spoken, Would a ghost not rise at thestrauge guest's hand? So long have the grey bare walks lain gutstless, Through the branches and briers if a man make way, He shall find no life but the sea wind's, restless Night and day. The dense hard passage is blind and stifled That crawls by a track none turn to climb To the strait waste place that the years have rifled Of all but the thorns that are touched not of time. The thorn he spares when the rose is taken ; The rocks are left when he wastes the plain. The wind that wanders, the weeds wind shaken, These remain. Not a flower to be prc-st of the foot that falls not: As the- heart of a dead mau the -ted jik>;- arc- dry; From. the thicket of thorns whence the nitfhtiiigale calls not, Could fhe call, there were never a rose to reply, 0»er the meadows that blussom an 1 whiter Kinps out but a note of a sea bird'* MIUS; ; Only the sun and the rain come hither All year long. The Fun burns sere and the rain dishevels One faunt Weak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovers and revels In a round where life seems barren as death- Here there was laughing of old, there was weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, Whose "eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Years ago. Heart hand fast in heart as they stood, 4 Look thither,' Did he whisper ? * Look forth from the flowers to the sea; For the foam flowers endure when the rose-blossoms wither. And men that love lightly may die—but we' Andthe same wind sangandthe same waves whitened, And or ever the garden's last petals were shed, In the "lips tliat had whispered, the eyes that had lightened, Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then went whither And wereonetotheend—but what end who knows? Love deep as the sea as a rose must wither, As the rose-red seaweed that mocks the rose. Shallthedead take thought forthedeadto love them? What lore was ever as deep as a grave? They are loveless now as the grass above them Or the wave. All are as one now, roses and lovers, Not known of the cliffs, and the fields, and the sea. Not a breath of the time that has been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. Not a breath shall there sweeten the seasons hereafter Of the flowersor the lovers that laugh now or weep, When as they that are free now of weeping and laughter We shall sleep. Here death may deal not again for ever; Here change may come not till all change end. From the graves they have made they shall rise up never, Who have left nought living to ravage and rend. Earth,stones,and thorns of the wild ground growing, While the sun and the rain hve, these shall be; Till the last wind's breath upon all these blowing Roll the sea. Till the slow sea rise and the sheer cliff crumble, Till terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, Till the strength of the waves of the high tides humble The fields that lessen, the rocks that shrink, Here now in his triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that his own hand spread, As a god self slain on his own strange altar, Death lies dead. At the end of the seventeenth centurv there were 100,000 Quakers in the United Kingdom. With a population nearly (our times as numerous there ate now only 26,000. DISCOVERIES OF THE REMAINS OF WILD BEASTS. —Some remarkable discoveries of the remains of wild beasts (writes Public Opinion) have lately been made in certain caverns at Creswell Crags, Welbeck, on the estate of the Duke ol Portland, which were visited by Mr. Dawkins, Professor of Geology at Owen's College, Manchester, and about thirty students of that institution. From the address delivered by Professor Dawkins at the mouth of one of the caverns, it seems that the discoveries include the remains of hyaenas, bears, lious, wolves, the woolly rhinoceros, the mammoth horse, and the fox, along with implements chipped to a certain pattern and turned to a definite use, supposed to be of human workmanship, showing that the caves were once occupied by man in a rude hunter's state, unacquainted with any domestic animals, and unable to fashion clay vessels for his own use. Fragments of llomau pottery have also been discovered, establishing the fact that the caves were inhabited either in Roman or post-Roman times. Professor Dawkins explained that when the creatures whose remains have thus been brought to light lived, England formed part of the mainland of Europe, and the climate used to be colder in winter and hotter in summer. In no other way could such a strange association of animals lie accounted for as had been found in these caverns. In all probability the caves were inhabited from time to time for a long series of years, aud the remains that had been found were the accumulation of many centuries. —A. C. Swinburne. 