A RAILWAY ADVENTURE. I never saw sneh a change in a man in my life ! When we last met, Jack- well, I must not give his real name, con sidering what I am going to reiate, so ill call him Jack Pallant — was, as he had ever been, since I knew him, one of the lightest-hearted, cheeriest fellows in the world, full of fun, and up to eveiything, and as gentle and tender as a woman, with the courage i of a iion. And now, what did I find! him 1 Even though but Ihree months had elapsed, he had become a grave, de jected, saddened man ; in a word, hardly recognisable, either mentally or physi cally. I was shocked, and of coarse he saw that I was. He cauie to see me, indeed, the moment he heard I was in town, that I might learn from his own mouth what had happened, instead of at I second-hand. i Jack had always been more or less a spoiled boy — only sons are always more or less spoiled— and haviog lost his mother when quite a child, it was not woDdertol that his poor old dad made much of him. But he had taken the spoiling kindly, and, beyond making him perhaps a little idle and thoughtless, it had done him no harm. There was no vice in the fellow he spent more money than he should, but many young soldiers do that, without coming to much grief in the long-run ; and his father, a soldier before him, regarded the failing leniently, paid his bills, and looked pleasant. Be yond adding that he was a rather short, dapper little follow, I need not say mnch J more about him : I have onlv to trv and ! put into -coherent shape the strange and tragical business which bad so fearfully altered him. His account of it was so disconnected, and so faltering at times, '< through the emotion which the recital cost him, that I mike no attempt to j reproduce his story in his own words. J It all happened in a railway carriage ; 1 and though we have had enough and to I spare of tales of murders, robberies, strange meetings, ghosts, and lunatics, which have had a railway carriage as their place of action, I venture to believe that there is still something novel in the I circumstances which led to my friend's sad transformation. j He was coming into town one autumn evening for a few days' leave from Gun- nersholt, where he was quartered. I can see him as plainly as if I had been there, springing into the first carriage that offered room, without regard to who was in it j for he was the least fastidious of tneu, without the lightest particle of "haw-haw" pride and nonsense, or that ; stand-off ishness of manner, too usual with men in his position 3 ready to. make himself happy -wherever he was, or in I whatever company. Fond of talking to! everybody, liking to draw them out. as j he 6aid, and studying character . with the full conviction .that there was something to be learned from everybody ; chaffing and laughing, or sympathising and help ing .according to the occasion. Why, I have seen him helping a mother or nnrse i with half a dozen children in charge, as 1 if lie had been a Paterfamilias, dandling the baby, or chucking it under the chin, r squeaking at it, , tickling the little boys under the ribs uutil they went into fte,. or making the little girls laugh with his comical stories and humorous wavs. Quite at variance, indeed, was the pri- yate. life of Jade Pallaut with that of the ordinary British eoldier ; his brother- .officets were oftentimes saghast at his to' kuo'w auiil Jilreihimi ivlTSieritoi !: "say, "J .pic" and;ready>tol&toOT; riagpyvho jjvould talk to him. , , ' Stat . this ocAsuMiithfet he -got iiito ra empty 'car- riage ; at least he tbonght so, for it was twilight, and he did not observe for the first moment the figure of a woman, seated in a farther corner, dressed in dark clothes, and thickly veiled. The sadden discovery that he was not alone rather startled feiro for a moment, and it may be, as he said, that the even ing before having been a guest-night at mess, his nerves were not qnite up to their usual tone. He was not the lad, however, to be long in such a situation without making some remark to his fel low-traveller, though in this case an nnnsnal hesitation to do so came over him, owing to her mysterious appearance and extreme stillness. The between- lights of the carriage-lamp and the even ing sky prevented him from discerning details; bnt there she sat, perfectly rigid, and with not a vestige of her face visible, through the thick black veil. " Ahem ! ahem !" he said at last, shift ing one seat nearer to her and nearly opposite ; "I hope I have not intruded on you ; I thought the carriage was empty. I may be disturbing yon, I fear." He wonld say anything, in a ran dom sort of way, to break the ice as he called it _ No answer. A long pause. "Very singular," he thought ; and he moved to a seat exactly opposite to the figure, makingsnothercominonplace observation. No response or any movement "Asleep, I suppose," he said to him self ; and he sat qnietly watching her, whilst the train rattled on a mile or two. I A station was reached, and a stoppage made, with the nBnal accompaniments of screech, and whistling, and slamming of doors, but withont producing any change in the posture of the occupant of tbe opposite corner. The train again moved on. "Can't be asleep," he muttered. "What's the matter with her?" The window was dose shnt; he let it down, with a tremendous clatter aud bang, re marking that " he hoped as the evening was fine, the weather warm, and the carriage dose" (for he declared to me there was a peculiar odour hanging abont which struck him from the first) "she would not object to a little air." Still, no reply. Then he eaid : " He feared she was not well ; wonld she like him to pull the bell for the guard, and I have Ae train stopped again I " Bnt I nothing he could say or do elicited any I sign of life from her. I Jack now became seriouBly uncomfort able and alarmed on hefr account. He thought she could not be asleep, bnt had fainted. Snddenly, it crossed his mind that she was dead i Night had now dosed in, bnt as the last tinge of twilight faded from the sky, the carriage-lamp | gained its frill power, and revealed every | object more plainly than hitherto. Jack leaned towards the motionless form. A long black veil, foiling from a close- fitting hat-like bonnet; enveloped nearly the whole upper part of her figure; indeed, on close inspection, it hardly looked like an ordinary veil, but more like a large thin black silk hand kerchief. Her dress was of common I black stuff, much worn and frayed, from I amidst the folds of which appeared the I ends of a piece of rope that mnst have I been fastened round her waist ; and one I hand, encased in an old ill-fitting black I glove, lay placidly on her lap. I Full of uncomfortable sensations, Jack I was abont to lift the veil, when, for the first time, tbe fignre moved ; its other hand stole slowly from beneath the folds of the dress, and the veil was gradually lifted, and thrown np over the head. Involuntarily my friend shranfo back into the corner of his seat for a face was revealed to him which no one conld have looked upon without a sense of awe. It was that of a woman somewhat past middle age, thin, haggard, and pale to a degree which only death could parallel. The features, finely chiselled and propor tioned, showed that at one time there must have been supreme beauty, whilst, though the iron-gray hair looked a little dishevelled and unkempt, the glance of the eye was steady, calm, and deter- I mined. I _ In this glance lay, chiefly, the awe- inspiring expression of the face, for, in I addition to the penetrating look; there was a persistency in it; and at the same time a fascination, qnite terrible. It fixed itself upon Jack from the first moment that eye met eye, and for several minutes not a word was spoken on either side. Presently, however, he tried to | pull himself together, and to assume his usnal light-hearted manner, which had thus for a minute been so strangely and unusually disturbed, and he Raid terisklir- " I beg your pardon; I was afraid yon were ill " She slightly bent her head, bnt she spoke not a word, nor withdrew her glance. He felt more and more that it was costing him an effort to be himself. Her slow, stealthy, albeit lady- like demeanour added greatly to the effect already pro duced, and a curious sensation was gradually creeping over him, that— im possible as it might seem— that face was not strange to him. little as he, with his temperament, was given to specula tion or introspection, he fonnd himarff striving to look bade for some event or j circumstance in his life which 'might give I him a clue. Had he ever Jirasid of snch a face, or had he seen it in child hood! He was puzzled, affected, quite I put ont. And still the deep penetrating I eyes were fixed on his, piercing as it were into his very sooL And the hands! what were ' they 'doing ? Taking' off the gloves as with a set; deliberate pmpose : and the long white, thin, almost daw- like fingers worked strangely and nervously, Slowly closing and opening upon the palm, as if preparing to grasp something. \;i . Again,' he strove to throw off the un pleasant; nnnsnal sensation which had i crept over him, y \ " I can't stand this," he thought ; " I was never so uncomfortable in my life ! I mnst do something, or say something to put a stop to this, to make her take her eyes off me!" He moved abruptly to the frrther corner of the carriage, ana to the same side on which the woman est. W " Til try and dodge her in that way," he said to himself « ebe shall ribt rat aud glare at me in this fashion 1 "..l, - \- Bnt she, too. immediately shifted her h&igbt; which was veiy great; weOt over (Brake- seat exactly opposite to him, never for one single second droppinjg her eyes from 1 his. He: lookedbtttbf the Hwindow With e vflgne.hbtibh .(if geuingut cf the tsar- risge ; i when - sudd«dy,v;pa8sitig a iittie Btatton :which vhe recognised, but At 1 which the train did not stop, an idea struck him — and idea after his own heart —a comic idea ! He availed himself of it on the instant, and assuming an ease which donbtless sat ill upon him, and which he was far from feeling, he pointed with his thumb back towards the station they bad just passed, as he said mys teriously in a hollow voice : " Do you know that place ?" She seemed to answer in the affirma tive by a slight inclination of the head as before. "Ah! you da Good! Longmoor," he went on ; " then I don't mind telling you a secret." He paused. ("I'll frighten her," he thought.) " Criminal lunatics," he said aloud ; " I am one of them. I have just escaped from there !" He leaned forward, as if to impress her with his words ; she also bent for ward until her lips almost touched his ear, as she hissed into it : " So have I !" With what had already gone before, this put the finishing tonch to Jack's nn- easinesa of mind. It was not as he said the mere presence of the woman, or the mere revelation which his joke had elicited, which scared him, though the circunstance in itself might be unplea sant enongh. "I should have faced it right away from the first, as any man wonld have done; had it not been for the remarkable influence her face and look had upon me ; that unaccountable feeling that she was no stranger to me, it was, that unnerved, and even appalled me." No sooner had she uttered the words, " So have I," than Jack eprang to the cord communicating with the guard's van, for he felt their truth, and Baw in them a key to the whole mystery. Bat ere his hand had reached the cord, she had seized him round the waist with one arm as with the grip of a vyce, and at the same instant he folt one of those terrible hands at his throat Every effort to relieve himself was fruitless; her strength seemed snper- bnman, and was as for beyond his as was her stature. Her face glowed down upon his now, still with the same fell expres sion. " The only thing I conld have done," went on Jade, in describing the scene to me — and just here he shall speak for himself : " the only means by which I might perhaps have made her relax her hold wonld have, been by aim ing one or two tremendous blows with my right fist (which was at liberty) at her face. Had it been a man's, there wonld have been no hesitation ; had it been indeed that of an ordinary woman, at snch a pass I should not have hesitated to Btrike her, to stnn her if I could, by any means; bnt that face — that face; that I seemed to know so well, yet so mysteriously, I conld not raise my hand againBt it, and as my arm swnng np with the first impulse, to deal her a blow, it fell helpless by my side. Tain were my efforts to get her hand away from my throat ; there was a terrible swaying too and fro for a minute or two, I folt the grip of the long fingers tightening, and myself choking. Snddenly we foil, the whole carriage seemed to be falling — there was a fearful jerk or two, a strange upheaving of the floor, a tremendous rattle and crash — I appeared to be thrown headlong to some great distance, and— all was darkness 1" The termination of that deadly struggle was brought about in a manner as marvellous and nnlooked for as conld well have been imagined. Some fifty souls, say, were travelling in that train ; all, save one, in apparent security. Jade's life alone was in danger, when lo ! by one of those marvellous coincidences which do happen at times in the enpreme moments of existence, the rescue came, bnt at the cost of many a life, which, bat just before, woalil have seemed worth treble the purchase of Jack's. At the very instant that his might have depended upon another tightening grip or two from the hand of a maniac, a frightful catastrophe occurred to the train. The tire of an engine-wheel . broke, and half-a-dozen carriages were hnrled down a steep embankment. The scene that succeeded is, unhappily, of too common an occurence to need more than a word of reference here. Seven passengets were killed outright ; double that number slightly or badly hurt ; the remainder escaping, as by a miracle, with nothing worse than a severe nhaUng My friend was amongst the shaken. He had been thrown clear of the debris, on to a soft, grassy spot; half-bank, half- hedge ; emphatically, his life was saved I But what followed it was that which caused the suffering, that wrought the terrible change in Jack. In the darkness of that soft antnmn night, he strove, foremost amongst those who had been spared; to render snch help as was possible to the less fortu nate, When the Official assistance came, and fires were set blazing to give light; almost his first care was to try and seek out his dangerous fellow-traveller. In the confusion, nobody was prepared, of course, to listen to Jack's account of her, even had he been prepared then to give it. She was not; evidently, moving abont amongst the crowd ; he assured himself of that ; bnt supposing her, like himself to have escaped injury fond he concluded that this was likeiy), might she not; with the stealth and conning incidental to her ma lady be hiding, and by thns farther eluding detection, become, with her homicidal i»eninj as dangerous to the community at "laige, as some fierce; wild animal would be? Hie thought made htm shudder ; he must lose no time in assuring himself of her fate. As soon as' an approach to order conld be evolved out of the awful chaos, he had convinced himself that she was not amongst the injured. Then he turned to the -dead. ; Tfig eyes 'foil upon several mutilated and ' rootinnlpnA forms.'which had been hid in an ominous row at the foot of one part of -the embankment ; hers was not amongst them; he could find no trace of her. At length, as a 'sickly dawn was beginning to make the search easier, he endeavoured to' discover the spot where : the Carriage he had occupied had fallen, fend to retrace . his steps - -(quite to the j rear of the train, by the- way) to the f place -where hefouud himself Iviug after the catastrophe. By - this time he had made known briefly to 'some officials that;: % Woman was missing, who. had j ieen iq rthe camage with him, and one ! or. two of them followed" him in his ' V fotsentiy he realised pretty well Where hfi had been thrown ; he all but Identffied fehe npot. - Then he scrambled \- rt3xerfo on the opposite side, on the sloping bank of W ditch, he beheld, lying quite still, her dark unmistakable form. He ran for ward, aud bending over her, and looking down upon the marble, upturned face, saw at a glance that there was nothing dangerous abont her now ; those terrible eyes were closed for ever I Except for a slight wound on one temple, whence a little blood had trickled, and the dis torted bnt now rigidly closed hand, which had been so lately at his throat, she looked as calm and uninjured as if she were merely sleeping, whilst death had restored for a brief period mnch of that beauty, the traces of which had struck him when her veil was first lifted. One of the surgeons here came harry ing np, in answer to a summons. " Good heavens !" he exclaimed ; " here she is, then, at last i Why, she most have been in the train. How on earth did she manage it f "Who is she?" inquired Jack, ear nestly, with a strange return of the old inexplicable sensation. " Who is she ? You appear to know her. Fray, tell me." "Oh, one of our inmates ; she got away yesterday morning — no one knows how," was the answer. "Yon are from Longmoor, then. How long has she been there j What is her name ?" -wrafe " Oh, she has been there upwards of twenty years, I believe — long before my time." " And her name " " Upon my word, at this moment, I can hardly," went on the doctor, me chanically passing his fingers over one of the pulseless wrists before him, and with a calm hesitation which contrasted strongly with Jack's earnest impetnons manner — " I can hardly remember. I think she was committed for the murder of her own little girL It was a sad case, I know.— Ah ! her name ; I have it," went on the doctor suddenly ; " her name was Pallant — Rachel Pallant" Jack sprang from the kneeling posture in which he was, as if he had been shot Why, that was his own dead mother's name ! But pshaw ! what of that ? Well, it was rather a startling coinci dence ; that was all ! Ay, waa it all i Indeed, no. The inquest led to a reve lation. That inquiry fully explained what had been the nature of the influence which the weird pale face and strange presence had had upon my friend The strong but subtle link which no time or absence can quite sunder, ex isting between mother and son, had made itself felt the instant those two sat face to face, for the uuhappy woman was indeed none other than Jack's own mother ! , He had never been told ; in feet, it had ' been carefully kept from him: why / run the risk of clouding for life that / bright and happy temperament? He / was only four years old when the dread- ful business happened. Hence he had scarcely known a mother's care ; she was lost to him, to the world, as com pletely as if she had died. Nay, would have been a merer hv mmnorlimnl and it was generally assumed that she' , was dead; only a few very intimate I friends knew the truth. The poor lady's ' mind had given way snddenly after the birtfo of her child; who did not live. Within a week; the homicidal mania possessed her: by the merest chance she had been prevented from committing' some frightful outrage on her little boy, my poor friend Jack ; and restraint not having been put upon her in time (for l her malady had hardly been suspected, so \ unlooked-for was its appearance), she con summated her deadly propensity upon her eldest child, a girl fifteen years of age : killed her, in a word, as she lay asleep. And here, after a lapse of twenty years, was the climax and end of the tragedy, as dreadful as anything that bad gone before. The order for release, when it came, brought with it as much suffering (to all but one) as had the order for captivity. No wonder, that Jack was an altered man : I have never seen a smile on his face since — though I trust that time, with its healing influence, may at least soften the blow. 