TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR-The Very sensible letter of " Handel's Ghost," in your issue of yesterday, ought to awaken the slumbering patrons of the first of arts-music. Notwithstanding that our musical performances; are ge frilly given with ?' third and fourth-rate amateurs " I was not aware that amateurs extended to such a low degree; if those be our soldiers, what must our choristers be rj, it is no encouragement to the entrepreneur to find that all his trouble and expense have only entailed upon him a seat re pecuniary LESS, for in his attempt to produce the best music he finds that the performance is given 11 empty benches. We certainly have had in Sydney ii n whose reputation as musicians has been won in Europe; but it was no inducement for them to come forward as the leader of such a forlorn hope as the productions of classical music, thereby entailing a serious loss of the savings from what in these colonies cannot be c hMdered us a lucrative profession. The public taste must be educated, that is to say. money must be 1 st, and therefore in the price 'tion and'propaea tion of good music we require capitalists who can afford to 1 the. money while they enjoy the music This, I think, is the reason of our being behind our southern sister in the production "of music. "Gigantic strides are being made by our professes, but if the public who can afford to do so will not patronise the undertaking, the movement is sure to fail. Other- difficulties which Hamlet's Ghost" has slightly touched present t- ourselves to the conductor of a society. It is a must impossible" to get a chorus together with at each is promised a solo. This is the great drawback to the formation of a large. society in this city. The amateur allows his love for good music to be conquered by the desire to hear his own voice, and therefore will not sing in chorus. Thus if a conduct wants a dozen times he must have a d ii n tenor s lose And the same with the other voices. Instead, therefore, of our having a large society with a r!he chorus and female sts, we have plenty of small societies with many soloists and very small choruses. the latter mainly consisting of persons whose inability to attempt a solo is their only qualification to be in a chorus, and thus the choruses that we do have are but indifferent, if not bad. To remedy this, I think that the matter should be entered into as a speculation. Let the choir u?, soloists, and instrumentalists be paid for their services, and then the conductor will not be at their mercy. Payment is certainly a good argument, and I think in they would indu -e a singer to waken the chorus where otherwise nothing but ft sale would be satisfactory to him. Hamlet's Ghost" deplores the fact that professionals are jockeyed by amateurs out of engagements in Sydney. Might I ask " Hamlet's Ghost " where are the Sydney professional singers The engagements which they would receive in Sydney, at D'es mt, Would hardly pay for their shoe leather, hence their absence. Amateurs' therefore are inevitable, and I am glad to say we have some whom we may be well proud of It would be invitiioU'to -peake the talented professors who are pursuing their vocation at present in. Sydney but I am" sure that in the case of a large society being established, there is one gentleman whose world-wide reputation, and whose talents, exhibited so often before dis- cerning audiences in Sydney, qualify him to the premier position, and we should be convinced that what he would undertake to do would be a eli done The ci ii will remedy list If, not The in may be supplied, all the little EIICVIHIILS will be burnt out, and like a phoenix li mu its ashes, WUfcio will arise. AM ATE Uli. 