TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. CHAPTER LXVI. (COXWSOED.) SIR AUBREY'S BET0RS. Bt TEE AUTHOR OP "JAM AUDLEt'S SECRET," "AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; « • ,1- thp rrlnw Pemam was looking its fairest in the glow of an autumnal sunset when Sir Aubrey returned to that peaceful abode of his forefathers. Sir Aubrey, whose name had been inscribed on one of the massive oaken coffins iu the Perriam vault, whose pompous Latin epitaph, without an erroneous termination of substant ive or adjective, according to some learned caviller! s^MS^t^l chariot, wliich had been sent to meet them by 1 the steward's order. Sir Aubrey gazed upon that familiar scene in silent rapture. AU the consciousness mainine to that weakened brain was aroused bv the sight ot home. How often iu his jov-; his thoughts tad wandered dimlv backward to these scenes! and with Uow keen an agony had he told himselfthathelmddsee them no more I He turned away from the landscape at last, andclungto ES, his steward's ami with a sudden pan? of fear. " Vou won't let them take me aw iatawill vou, Bain! You've always been a^good servant to me. I tell every one so. You've improved the property as your father did before you, and kept the servants up to the mark, and not wasted money on fanciful repairs. I've always praised you! You won't let ine be sent away, will you, Bain. If I am inad, I am not mad enough to do any one any harm. And I am Aubrey. They may talk themselves dumb, but they can never shake me from the certainty of tliat one feet I know my own name. Mordred is a poor creature; my brother, but a poor creature. I will never submit to be called Mr. Perriam." " Your brother Mordred is in his grave," replied Mr. Bain, " aud you are Sir Aubrey Perriam, sole owner and master of this place. Youshall never leave it again, save at your own wish." " Poor Mordred dead ! Bless my soul!" murmured Sir Aubrey. "He was a poor creature, but I was fond^f-Kim and lie was fond of met A man's hold on his own life relaxes when lie loses his only brother." They were at the house by this time. All the servants were assembled in the hall, according to Mr. Bain's instructions; and Mr. Stimpson was also in attendance. The outer world was still steeped iu sunset's fading glory, but the lamps in the dusky old hall were lighted, and shone full on the faces of the travellers; One startled cry broke from almost every lip as the baronei. appeared among liis household, leaning on Mr. Bain's arm, and supported on the other side by a valet whom the steward had engaged for him at Hatfield,— " Sir Aubrey Perriam!" " Yes," replied Mr. Bain, "Sir Aubrey Perriam. I thought such faithful servants would hardly fail to recognize a master they had served so long. Sir Aubrey Perriam, in spite of Lady Perriam's pretended widowhood—in spite of the lying epitaph iu Perriam Church —in spite of the funeral, and the will which I read in this house—Sir Aubrey alive, and among you once more. The coffin that was carried out of those doors held the body of Sir Aubrey's brother Mordred. For the last eight months Sir Aubrey has been the victim of a most foul conspiracy. But I have unearthed the plotters; I have unravelled their mystery; I have brought your old master back again to you and to his rights and his home." Cheers, long and loud, for Sir Aubrey and his deliverer. Mr. Bain felt all the sweetness of being a liero. Mr. Stimpson advanced, pale and scared of aspect, and examined the countenance of his old patient. " Good heavens ! how could I have been so much mistaken t" he exclaimed. " Yes, it is indeed Sir Aubrey. Those artful women! They kept the room dark, and contrived to distract my attention. There ought to have been an inquest. Sir Aubrey, can you ever forgive me "I forgive everybody," said the baronet feebly, looking round with an agitated expression. " And now I think I should like to go to bed, Bain, : You'll stop with me, won't, you? You'll take care?, You'll not.let tlieiuremove me while I'm asleep ?" "Sir Aubrey, you are bbneath your own roof. You are sole . master diere. ftbis.hope holds no secret enemy now. You can sleep iu safety. You art isurrounded by faithful ser vants." ,.r;'.,''" . * ' , .. , 1 Ttic oid'm^ lppked at them with,a feint smile. "I thank themkindlyfor rememberingme,'' he saj.d, and then looking about him as ifhe suddenly 'rememWfed • feWethmgj ! " I ( should like to see h Mis. Tringfold came with her youthfol charge, the youthful cliargo somewhat cross and sleepy, having boon kept awake against his will for the last hour in case Sir Aubrey should ask to see him. t , . The old man looked down at him tenderly. There was no imbecility in tliat fond gare, but sentient affection—a father's deep and sdent love. " I sliaU sleep better now that I have seen *m ( . w0 two J <n> hoy. «e ma now urn anybody W ; part us again. j j _ CHAPTER LXVlL — « • " SINCE THERE'S NO HeLP, COME LET US * ANU VHBT." KISS 1 after that last journey from Hatfield, and made all arrangements for starting by the i eontilientai traiu next morning. He was re- theuee on to MarspiUes> ' ... ,, __„. , antAr md possibly to Algiers. He went to seek , people, where not a feature d ~ ^ J ^ • not a word spoken near lum, would recall the ; English home from which he wasself-banished. j w the hopes he had lost, He went into the readmg-roomatordi^ md turned over the day s newspapers, with | in but them; faintest when interest something anytlnng happened he which read changed all his plans, and put that thought of i winter in Algiers out of his head for the oresent. The following brief advertisement appeared imong various enigmatic appeals in the second ;olumn of the Times supplement—not the day's paper, but a two days' old supplement, as Edmund discovered afterwards, when he looked at the date:— " The friends of a lady now lying seriously ill at the Pier Hotel, Xewhaven, are requested to communicate with the proprietress. The lady arrived by the afternoon train from Lewes, on Thursday,'September 10th, and has been suffering from fever and delirium ever since. Her linen is marked S. P. She wears a large diamond cross, and has in her possession a morocco hand-bag, with patent lock, supposed to contain valuables." There could be no doubt as to the person indicated. It was half-past seven o'clock when Edmund Standen read the advertisement. He was at the London Bridge Station at eight, and at a quarter-past was on his way to Newhaveu. He liad to wait upwards of au hour at Lewes, aud it was eleven by the tune he reached the end of his journey. Here ho encountered only disappointment, and perplexity awaited him. The landlady had a strange story to tell him. She had sent the advertisement- to the Times on the preceding Friday, by the advice of the medical man, who saw the possibility of the patient's fever developing into typhus or typhoid. The landlady had been terrified by the mere suggestion of such a thing, and was for removing the patient at once to the countj hospital. This the doctor had pronounced impossible. She was too ill to bear such a journey, and the most that could be done would be to remove her to some adjacent lodging, there to await communications from friends who might see the Times advertisement This was done immediately, and it happened curiously that from the hour of removal the sufferer began to mend. She was calmer, and the fever considerably rdnccd by Saturday night On Sunday she was able to leave her bed. The next day the improvement was still more marked; the patient was calm and sensible—opened her bag and produced a purse, from which she gave the doctor a twenty-pound note for the landlady of the hotel, and a ten-pound note, on account of his own services. On Monday evening the nurse who had charge of the patient ventured to leave her for a little while, in older to go into the village upon some errand. According to this woman's statement, she was only absent a quarter of au hour, but on her return, the patient was gone. The nurse had left her dressed and lying on the sofa. Search was immediately made, but vainly. The time of the patient's disappearance was within a few minutes of the time at which the boat started for Dieppe, but nobody had thought of going to the pier or suggested the idea of the patient having gone on board the steamer, till too late. , When the same steamer returned to Newhaven it was ascertained that a lady dressed in black, answering the description of the nameless fever patient, had crossed on the last vpyige to Dieppe, Xo ono had remarked where she went, or whether she was met by any one on the arrival of the steamer. f'I'jri afraid the poor, dear young lady must be a little queer in her head," said the landlady ^tli'ja sympathetic air—that twenty-pouuij note Jiad paid : Jier very well for the bBef tea? and arrow-roots madefor the invalid, '' Doctor Follcbtt'says tliat sho muBt' Uave endangered life by for, though she eeemed'to *cet TOunc "quickly, she was as weak as a baby.tnd only .keeping herself up by sotnb inwam excitement.' one wasjust N in Hie state tor a relapse," ...., , ,.ns/ If. "There is no boat till to-morrow, I puppi»8of/ said Sir. Standen. " 2s T o, sir; not till to-morrow morning, at ten " " Then I shall cross by that boat. Dieppe is not a laige place. It will go hard with ine if I do not find this lady." If the landlady expected some enlightenment as to the circumstances of her nameless guest, sliewas doomed to disappointment. Mr. Standen thanked her for her care of the hfelpleas traveller, but told her nothing. He tailed-on the local surgeon next morning, and heard his opinion of the case. It was not cheering!. Edmund Standen was in Dieppe before dark that evening, going quietly from place to place, inquiring for the fugitive. After two^ hours' diligent search he found her at a third- rate hotel in the town, in a email room on the fourth story, paved with red tiles. Site was lying on a narrow bed in a low alcove, with a Sister of Mercy sitting on a rush-bottomed chair by the bedside, counting her beads, and whispering prayers, while the patient lay in a slumber that seemed more restless than the most unquiet wakefulness. Sylvia had struggled hard to go on—on she knew not whither—to Paris, or anywhere— but had broken down at the Dieppe railway statiou, where she found herself hardly able to stand. She tottered to the waiting room, and here was seen by the good Sister of Mercy, who, finding her helpless and friendless, took her in charge, put her into a hackney carnage, and had her conveyed to the hotel where she was now lying. Before nightfall the fever was again at its height, and the dreaded typhoid speedily declared itself. The Dieppe doctor ordered cooling drinks, bled the patient two or three times, exorcised all his skill for the one great end of reducing the system. In this he had succeeded to admiration, and the patient, thus robbed of forces which might have fought the disease, had succumbed to the fever. One look at that wasted face—those glassy eyes which opened and looked at him without recognition—told Edmund Standen that the end was inevitable. How near Or how distant that end might be he knew not. He telegraphed to London for the famous Dr. Crow,reckless of the sacrifice of the doctor^ • time and his own money, feeling very sure that it was too late for any good to be done by the wisest physician upon earth, hut anxious to do the uttermost for this wreck of humanity which had once been his idol The great doctor telegraphed a prompt reply, It was impossible for him to come to Dieppe, but he would send Dr. Daw, a star of secondary magnitude in the medical world. For Dr. Daw's arrival Mr. Standen waited patiently, but not hopefully. He shared the Sister's watch beside that sick bed, his hand held the cup of cooling drink to those parched lips, heedless of what poison might lurk in the burning breath that iteemed almost to sear his face as he 'beut over the sufferer. How changed she was ! that lovely Sylvia, whose beauty had been so fatal a gift! The red-gold hair had been shorn close to the small head by the nurse's scissors—the once oval cheek was now hollowed and cavernous, the jaw square and bony, and those eyes—lamps of splendor—were now dull and lightless. Could there be keener agony than to mark such decay, and to remember how he had loved her, aud to feel that ho loved her still, that sho was dear to him in her misery, dear to him despite her guilt ? Once during the loiig hours of his watch the sufferer awakened suddenly from a sleep that had been somewhat quieter than that restless doze in which she was wont to lie. The dark eyes were slowly turned towards him, iind gazed at him with the gradual dawn of recognition. The words tliat followed denoted that, although Sylvia knew her lover, she had no consciousness of late events or the place where she was. "I thought you wouldn't leave me,;Edinundj. just before our wedding," she said in her feeble tremulous voice. " But you've been away so • long, and I have been lying here with that dark woman watching me ; that woman over there in the black gown. - Why doh'fc you send^', her away? You know I detest 1)lack. 1 T wore*' mourning so long for Sir'Aubrey i 1 bW'Mifitjs all over now,/and m,y we^diiig'.^r^s,'is,ready. I showed it you, didn't ,t,, Edmund i Such lovely point lace—-fit for a duchess, but ! not too good for ^your wife. I want to Ipok' my hest th'at day ? What haye/they, dpne ; ,}W* my hair ?" she -cried, passing her .thin fingers over her head with a weak, uncertain movement. .' " They haven't cut it off, fhavci they ? They couldn't be 80/cruel, jjfl/ that: r . : I,..was qlvay&ypraised; for my liair, though.'' some i of the Hfediugliam girls called it red. Is it -all giine? j:! "A«I. 5 Iifi'iiriisbri,; E^tniitid 1 ,• fqt ! .,s$ne ireailfeticiimet for Hint?" ' sentences, and many of the words weie m imperfect and indistinct; only the keen elr \ of affection could have intercepted those tamlb- Sintr llMnwnnag nf T Edmund soothed and comforted the sufferer —murmured words of hope—«poke of another world, that world whose mystic gates stood <y wr. Vain effort I the shallow, worldly luinil was still given to earthly things—had neither care nor hope beyond earth. "Is to-day our wadding day, Edmund f' she asked. " Don't deceive me, I am not too ill to go to the church. Lot me get up and be dressed, mere is Celine? Send that dark woman away and bring me Celine. I know my wedding dress has come iiomo Why do you turn from me like that, Edmund, and hide your faco in your hands ? There is no one who can prevent our marriage. Sir Aubrey is safe," Then followed long intervals of silence, and then wandering words that had no meaning, even for Edmund's attentive ear. He watched beside that bed day and night, while .the patient Sister of Mercy sat in a corner behind the bed-curtain, where Sylvia couid not see her, and prepared the medicines and fever drinks, and directed Mr. Standen's ministrations, and prayed with all the fervor of her simple soul for the fading sinner. Dr. Daw came, but could do nothing except pronounce that the Dieppe surgeon had been altogether at fault, and prescribe a new mode of treatment, which, had it been adopted earlier, might have saved the patient, but which could now only prolong life, and lengthen the weariness of dying The life thus protracted, watched with un remitting care, lasted three or four days after Br, Daw's visit, and then, in the quiet midnight, the tired sufferer slipped almost unawares into the undiscovered countiy. Love watched the last breath, religion knelt by the bed, and thus the worldly soul went forth from this region of human pity and affection into the awful solitude beyond, whither no human imagination dared follow it. Once, very near the end, there came a gleam of light. The lips, which had been voiceless for many long hours, moved faintly, and Edmund, leaning down to catch the feeble whisper, heard Sylyia's last words, " Kiss me once again before I go—as you kissed me in the churchyard—before I betrayed you." " w e a a Living and dying lips met in the last kiss of a love that had been fatal. CHAPTER LXVIIl. M>VE 18 ENOUGH. Sylvia Perriam had been laid in her foreign grave and Edmund Standen had gone on to Marseilles before he began to feel that hewould have to pay the penalty of his devotion to the dying sinner. On the day of his arrival at the southern seaport the grip of the fever fiend festened on hun, limbs aching, head burning, ' fits of heat and cold, aguish shiverings. He sent for the best English doctor in Marseilles, and told him what he had been doing, and that he was in for a fever. The doctor tried to make light of these apprehensions, yet confessed that Marseilles was not the safest place a man who had the fever-poison in his system could come to, " Is there any one you would like me to write to in the event of your getting worse ?" he asked kindly, "I don't apprehend such a ching, but it's always wise to be equal to either fortune, as Shakespeare puts it." " You are very good; yes, if the worst should come, I don't wish to die quite alone in a strange country. I'll give you my s r m w mother's - address. When you see danger telegraph to her—but on no account before there is danger. She is no traveller, and the journey to Marseilles will be a formidable one for her." . The doctor promised to obey. Before the Week was ended he saw sufficient peril to justify his sending the telegram to Dean House. A carefully worded telegram, cautioning Mrs, Standen against any undue fear, " I'have not waited for the worst," said the message, " but obey your son—who told me to summon" you" directly the case appeared serious.; The case is serious, hut by no means desperate. Come, and do not fear," Within , an. hpur of her receipt of that .message J^rs. Standen was on her way to Loudon—-not, qione. A faithful friend and ifrom' a heart that faith had armed iagainst Edmund's; struggle for life was severe and piratracted.'' "His awaking from the long night of delirium was sweet, for in the nurse who watched beside his pillow he recognized' the mother whoso kind face had bent over his cot years ago in the Dean House nursery. " I have'known you all the timie, mother," That was his first rational Sentence. And, indeed, there had run through the tangled skein of his delirious dreams that one femiliar thread, bright and clear through all, He had known that his mother watched him; he had known the hand that gave him his medicines, that administered tho food ho loathed, with tender insistance. • " But there was someone else, wasn't there, mother?" he asked, before that iirst day of convalescence was over, " I seem to have had two nurses." You have been carefully nursed, Edmund," replied Mrs. Standen evasively. "I am sure of that. But who was the other nurse ? A Sister of Mercy, perhaps." "Yes, Edmund, a sister of mercy." T " Has she gone away ?" "Yes, she left last night." " Curious. I should like to have seen her face, now that I have recovered my wits, and to have thanked her." " I have thanked her for you, Edmund," "Well, I suppose that will do, I have j'ou with me, mother—that is enough. Do you remember that letter in which you told me that you had done with me—-that I was no ionger your son f" *' Never speak of that dreadful time, Ed mund. You see what a mother's anger means. In your hour of danger she is by your side. Oh, my dear son ? I thank God that your heart was not quite turned from me. You told the doctor to send for me. You could not die without forgiving me." " Foigiving you, mother! Am not I the offender?" "No, Edmund, no; I bad no right to bo so angry with you. There should be no limit to a mother's forbearance." "But I tried your patience too much by my folly. It is all over now," with a sigh; " I shall never newt your forbearance again in that way." Two or three days after, when the invalid was able to sit up in bed, propped by pillows, Mis. Standen and her eon began to talk of the future. It was Edmund who started the subject. The mother would have feared to touch upon any question that might pain her son, newly snatched from the jaws of death. " Shall you want mo to go back to Dean House yet awhile, mother?" he asked dutifully. I mean to obey you in all things henceforward. I have no one else to live for, no one lse to think of. You are all the world to me d gain—the one perfect woman in the world O s you used to be when I was a boy." p " Would you like to go back, Edmund I" He shuddered at the question. "Honestly, no, mother. The old scenes would be hateful. But I don't want to be separated from you, and yet it seems a hard thing to ask such a home-loving mother as you to join my wanderings," " I can have no home without you, Edmund. I am ready to go with you wherever you like, I am a sturdy old woman, you know, and shall not give you much trouble with ill-health, or vapors, or anything of that kind; and, little as I have travelled, I don't think I shall make a very bad traveller, if I can only get accustomed to the sea," added Mrs. Standen with a wry face. " You dear lion-hearted mother, I will take care that our wanderings are made easy for yeu. I did think of wintering in Algiers—a splendid climate, interesting scenery." Mrs. Standen shivered involuntarily. " But if you will be my companion I'll abandon all idea of Africa." Mrs. Standen breathed more freely. Africa to her mind meant wastes of torrid and, and grim yelping blackamoors dancing ound the helpless traveller, a circle of ferocious urderers. " What would you say to our s intering in Rome or Florence V m Mrs. Standen brightened visibly, and kissed a , her son's Wasted hand. " I think I should like Florence best, dear," she said ; " I've heard there are plenty of nice English people there." "Yes," answered Edmund, "and when English people travel their chief delight seems to be to meet with other English people. They would like the continent extremely well if they could exterminate the natives and convert the more agreeable half of Europe into one large Brighton." Edmund's convalescence was rapid, a fact which the doctor attributed to Mrs. Standen's nursing even more than to his own skill. Ab soon as he was strong enough to bear the journey, mother and son went on to Hice. Thence, after a fortnight's sojourn, to Geneva, ahd thence, late in November, to Florence. That tranquil close of tho declining year was a time of sorrowM thoughts for Edmund, but not of despair. All his boyish love for his mother came back to him in their reunion. He was pleased with her delight in the scenes they beheld together; pleased by her keen interest in simple things, and all those glimpses of village life and unsophisticated nature which their travels afforded them. Neither spoke of the past, or speculated upon the ftiture. For the mother the sweetness of the present was all-sufficient. She had her son once more hers, and here only, and she was content to leave the future to Providence, " I will never try to rulo his life again," she thought; "I was too anxious that he should marry Esther, and sec what came of it! Misery for both of them. It is enough for me to have him for my own once again, and to be sure of his affection. Tho happiness I desire for him will come sooner or later." CHAPTER LXIX. FIVE YEARS LATER, Five years are gone since Edmund Standen and his mothw wintered in Florence, and Sir Aubrey still reigns at Penriam, no longer the helpless, paralytic old man who could only creep about between the sustaining arms of nurse and valet, but a hale old gentleman, who rides a quiet cob, vicc tho spirited Splinter, round the home farm three or four days a week, while his chubby six-year-old * son accompanies him on « frit Exmoor pony. This wonderful restoration is more or less Shadrach Bain's achievement. It was Mr, Bain who heard of the mud baths in Germany; ilr. Bain who accompanied Sir Aubrey to the place of those baths ; Mr. Bain who was the moving spirit of Sir Aubrey's euro. German physicians, German mud, and Herman water were but secondary agents. Mr. Bain's energy was the motive power that set the machinery going. Some trace of the old weakness on the left side still remains, but, despite of this, in mind and body the baronet has become a new man. It is just possible that his delight in watching his son's growth from infancy to childhood, his deep pride in the thought that a son of liis will inherit Perriam, and maintain the good old Tory traditions of the place, may have helped German doctors to work their cure. Perhaps Sir Aubrey Perriam, in this Indian summer of his age, enjoys as near an approach to perfect happiness as Heaven ever grants to humanity. One bitter memory hangs like a distant thunder-cloud above the horizon of his life; but he is wise enough to shut his eyes to that cloud for the most part, and it is not often the dark hour comes upon him—that gloomy hour when those who know him best know that he is thinking of his wicked wife. His boy is the pride and pleasure of his ays. Already he has engaged a tutor—an xford Master of Arts—to train that tender lant, so that its earliest shoots may be wisely directed. He cannot endure the thought of public schools and football matches, and it is to be feared that the youthful St, John, brought up in Perriam Place in the care of a private tutor, will be deficient in that athleticism which is the one virtue modern society copies from the Spartans. The father watches his boy with almost maternal tenderness, and is miserable on those winter mornings when St, John trots away on his Exmoor pony to sea the hounds throw off, under his tutor's wing. The tutor is anxious the boy should be manly, and the father approves the tutor's desire; yet would fain guard his treasure as carefully as a miser cherishes an unset diamond, a gem of liquid light, which may slip through his fingers unawares while he gloats over his treasure. The county has never quite understood how the brother who was supposed to be dead has come to life again. It is one of those dark pages of family history which must for ever remain mysterious: But the county has not the slightest doubt as to the one fact that this is the real Sir Aubrey.' Happily the baronet has grown almost his old elf since the renovating process of the Geran baths. He dresses as carefully as of old,: nd, but for an elderly stoop in the shoulders,, looks almost as young a man as the Sir Aubrey who honored Hedingham school feast with his 1 illustrious presence seven years ago. Mr. Bain basks in the sunlight of his master's favor, and grows more prosperous every year, always winding his way deeper and wider into the soil of Monkhampton, till half the houses in that prosperous town own Shadrach Bain as ground landlord. His elder daughters have married well—his sons are an honor to him ; Dawker serves his father with zeal that knows notweariness, and the younger grammarschool boys bring home handsomely bound volumes as prizes—such novelties in literature as the poetic works of Milton, Cowper, and Thomson to adorn tho rosewood loo table in the family drawing-room. Altogether, Mr. Bain is a man who seems to have profited more than his fellows by the blindness of Fortune. Yet, sometimes, even in the midst of his prosperity, he thinks with a regretful sigh of that lordly pleasure-house which he once built for his soul—that airy edifice of his day-dreams—which he had hoped to see realized in substantial brick and mortar. He remembers how near he had seemed to victory, and how utterly he failed; how his wisdom had been but foolishness beside a woman's cunning. Things turned out well for me, however, after all," lie reflects, after that survey of one ! SnTthat has disfigured his successful life- , vubrev. .Myincomeiaunsaow . cverv year. I don't see how any man can askmore^han that from ProvidencL Andif I cared to buy myself au estate, and " call " myself Squire. I am rich enough to do it." CHAPTER LXX THE PURPLE LIGHT OF LOVE While poor Sir Aubrey Perriam's existence drifts by in repose almost as tranquil as that of the lotus eaters on their sunlit isle, life has serious duties and responsibilities for Mr. Standen, Conservative member for Monkhampton, a rising young politician of the new school. Edmund Standen has not returned to the bank. Athis mother's request he hasabandoned that commercial career which served to occupy a mind too active to endure idleness. He has found another and a higher vocation in the House of Commons, where he comes out sharply upon financial questions, and perplexes honorable gentlemen whose weak side is arithmetic, by searching questions and rapid calculations. He is great on taxation, and is ever ready to assert the wrongs of those shorn lambs of the legislature, those helpless sufferers from the burden of the income tax, whose greatest misfortune is to have half a million or so amenable to assessment. Mr. Standen has a small house in one of the nice old-fashioned streets near Berkeleysquare, where his wife is at home every Thursday evening to some of the pleasantest and cleverest people in London, and where Mr. Standen and two or three chosen friends sometimes seek relief after a dull evening in the House, at a bright little supper-table in tho cosy dining-room, and discuss the blunders and general idiocy of friends and foes over a lobster salad and a bottle of Madeira. Yes, Edmund is happy. That union of which Mrs. Standen dreamed years ago, when her son was a schoolboy, has come to pass after all, and Edmund is as completely devoted to his truewife Esther as if the fatal attachment which overshadowed his youth were no more than the memory of a dream. Two years of foreign travel, and much hard study in the tranquil pauses of his wanderings, served to lay the ghost of that buried love. He came I 1 back to England heart free, and brought with a treatise on finance, which has won him some renown as a political economist, and helped him to acquire a position in the House of Commons. During those two years of exile Edmund and Esther never met. Miss Rochdale remained at Dean House, the ruling spirit of order in that model household, quietly doing her duty, visiting the sick, feeding the poor, educating Mrs. Sargent's children, who adore her, joining in the small festivities of the neighborhood, and uttering no complaint against a life which must have been somewhat joyless and monotonous. Throughout that period of absence Edmund had rarely heard tho name of Esther, so carefully did his mother avoid any allusion to her adopted daughter. Only when he ventured to inquire if Miss Rochdale were well and happy was the name spoken that had once been so familiar. On his first visit to Dean House after his return from the continent Mr. Standen looked round for Either, and missed her. He was told that she had gone to Wexmouth with the children; Mrs. Sargent having been afraid the sea air would be too strong for her. " The sea air always gives me my nervous headache, you know, Edmund," said Ellen apologetically. "So dear Essie was kind enough to take the children." " She was always kind," replied Edmund moodily. It vexed him to think that Esther had run away in order to avoid meeting him. That visit to Wexmouth could only have been a pretext. One week in September would do as well as another for the children's seaside trip and why choose the week of his return, unless she really wished to avoid him. " Have I made myself so detestable to her that she cannot endure the sight of me, even after all I have suffered?" thought Mr. Standen " She used to. be so full of pity, especially for wrong-doers." There was one question which he wanted to ask Esther. A question that had been in his mind, more or less, ever since his illness at Marseilles. A question which he could only ask when they two were face to face. The thought of this question worried him a good deal during the first day pr two at Dean House. It took such a hold upon his mind that after three days. of that .tranquil home life—after; having admired all Miss Rochdale's small improvements in poultry yard, dairy and greenhouse®, the new fernery at the end of the shrubbery, and a dozen other evidences of taste and industry which testified to the .care of the gentle ; home- goddess—Edmund's , patience would endure no longer, and he startled his mother on the fourth wmtag by« Umt he was going to Wexmouth to see Lstliet l l .iun wi ««* —o —— » ic said, artfuUy insinuating thereby ttet hte hief anxiety was to see lm small nephew and aieces. „ " Georgie is growing a fine boy, Edmund, said his sister proudly, " and so like his dear ;>apa. He has the Saigent nose." j " A fine prominent beak. Looks as if it ras made on purpose for a banister's wig," re- iliod Mr. Standen irreverently. He was off to Wexmouth by a little branch line from Monkhamptou before noon, and :.rrived at that tranquil and retired watering- ,ilt«je at one o'clock. Wexmouth is not extensive, and instead of •:oing to Miss Rochdale's losings on Lighthouse Hill; Edmund strolled along the beach, taking his chance of finding her among the idlers who were scattered in groups here and i here, upon the strip of alternate sand and .hingle between the blue water and the scan-all. The tide was out, and the juvenile patrons of Wexmouth were having a good line with their pails and spades. No one would stay indoors on such a day s this, Edmund thought—the sky one loudle8S blue, the sea a sunlit lake. He went »u to the utmost limits of Wexmouth, feeling very sure that he should find Esther by- and-by. Yes, there she was. A lonely little figure eated in the shadow of an old fishing-boat, leading. He knew her ever so far away, i'he small graceful form; the pure white dress; the dark soft hair under the little sailor hat; the Esther of old times; the Esther he had nice so narrowly escaped loving with all his heart. Too late to love her now; gentle and unselfish as she was, he could hardly ask her to accept a love which would seem at best iemorse. The children were paddling and splashing, and making themselves gritty at the edge of the water some distance from Esther. Instead of rushing straight to these small people to see if they had verily grown out of knowledge, and if Georgie really had the Sargent nose, this traitorous uncle never so much as looked at those amphibious revellers, but walked on to the boat, and quietly seated himself about half a yard from Esther. She did not even look up from her book. The shelter of the boat was public property. Yet it was uncomfortable to have a stranger seated so near her, and in a few minutes Esther rose to join the children, whose sports were becoming more and more watery. A hand gently detained her. The stranger had risen too, and had laid his hand upon her arm. Esther, why are you so determined to run away from me i" he asked quietly. She turned and confronted her false lover, very There was no anger in the sweet face, only a look of shocked surprise. " Sit down again, Esther, and let us talk quietly for a few minutes. Friend—sister— will you refuse me so small a favor ?" That appeal touched her. She obeyed him without a word, and they seated themselves side by side under the shadow of the boat. Edmund was slow to speak—so slow that the silence became a little awkward, and Esther felt herself obliged to say something. "What brought you to Wexmouth, Edmund?" she asked carelessly. " I hope Ellen isn't anxious about the children." " Ellen knows the children are safer in your keeping than in here, Essie." The old pet name fluttered that steadfast heart a little. " I came here on my own account. Do you know that for the last two years I have been tormenting myself with one particular question f " Indeed! It ought to be a very important question." "It it to me a question of life or death. When I was ill at Marseilles, Esther, I had two nurses. My mother was one. I knew her even at the worst. But the other ! I used to fancy that her presence was but a dream. It was not a dream was it, Essie? There was a second nurse, who watched me night and day, and wept many tears for my sake. Who was that faithful nurse, Esther ? I want you to tell me. Dare I believe that the one noble- hearted woman I had. most deeply wronged came to me—out of the benevolence of her heart—in my time of danger 1" " Not out of benevolence, Edmund," said Esther. " It could not have been for love of mo she came. Oh, Esther," cricd Edmund Standen, seizing the girl's two hands, drawing her towards him, looking at her with eyes, that shone with love and hope, "if you can but say that it was, , you will make me happier than I ever jfreamed I could be. Lpve, my love, truly, loved at last, tell me that I have not outworn your patience, not quite exhausted your regard." : Tears were his only answer., An all-suflipient answer, it would seem; for in the stiver nioon- ight of that September evening two happy overs walked upon Woxmouth's shingly shore and talked of the future. The future came, and did not belie &Bir; When autumn's first glory gilds tho woods, sober old Dean House wakes up to a now life, with tha arrival of Mi. and Mrs. Standen, their babies and nurses, their friends and followers. The old monotony of that orderly household is pleasantly broken, and the dowager Mrs. Standen finds life fullof new interests. She is proud of her eon's success as a public man, and amongst the choicest treasures in her sandal-wood desk cherishes the report of his speeches, which Esther has cut out of the Times to send to " grandmamma." Ellen Sargent looks on placidly at her brother's happiness—while Georgie and the two girls pot and patronize theii baby cousins and only murmurs now and then, with a gentle sigh, "What an interest poor dear George would have felt in Edmund's Parliamentary career!" Thus the peaceful domestic life flows on— •happy and not unuseful—not that empty unprofitable life which Goethe has called worse than an early death. THE EJfD. 