| TOPICS OFTHEWEEK, TbehollowneBB of Mr. Berry's pretended policy of " bare ting" up the large estates was very ingenuously Bhown by Mr. W. C. Smith in his speech on Saturday night at B&llarat; West. According to this hon. and gallant politician, the Berry land tax was proposed merely as a financial necessity, " to restore the finances and to make up the deficit." It" would not on the average have been more than 6 per cent." and at present "the working classes paid from 15 to 10 per cent." It was, accord ing to this colleague of Mr. Berry, merely a device to equalise taxation, and was utterly deficient of the political and social purposes which Mr. Berry attributed to it. It is very amusing to see the various members of the late Ministry, which will never be known in hiBtory as the " Ministry of all the talents," chooBe now one, now the other, of the horns of the dilemma they have constructed for them* selves. If the frothy Berry, the fatuous LoDgmore, or the furious Munro, undertakes to set out their policy it is emphatically one of "bursting up." Their land tax has nothing to do with the revenue, it is impoBed with the object of making large estates im« possible, and is so framed as to secure this end. But if Mr. Smith undertakes to char acterise this tax to his BaUarat followers, he deBcribes it as an equitable fiscal impost, very moderate in amount, and only intended to secure a fair distribution of taxation. This is either imbecile inconsistency or gross mis representation, and we do not care to inquire which. It is amusing to see that Mr. Smith makes it a charge against the Government, that it "proposed to abolish the Mining de partment, which was the only protection to the miner." There iB no doubt Mr. Smith's anger on this matter is perfectly genuine. The abolition, or rather the amalgamation, of the Mining department reduces the number of Ministers and lessens the chances of the Smiths and M'Lellans to obtain a place in the Cabinet. But to talk of its being " the only protection of tbe miner" is merely im pudent absurdity. Everybody knows that the "abolition of the Mining department" means merely the abolition of the Minister of Mines-no great loss considering how we have sometimes seen that not very important post supplied-and tbe abolition of the post lately filled by Mr. Brough Smyth. There is no reason whatever why tbe Mining office, after being combined with the Lands office, should not continue to " protect the miner," or to perform any useful work it has ever performed, if, indeed, any can be mentioned that will correspond with this description. It may fairly be supposed that one result of the Stevenson case must be to shorten the life by damaging the public estimate of the ad valorem duties, and by putting their objec tionable character in so strong a light as to make it visible, even to the most obtuse advocates of this destructive kind of tax ation. These duties have been collected for a good many years, and all the precautions are taken that the Custom-house de tectives can invent to insure their collection. And yet the Customs are unable to say whether a particular firm has or has not cheated the revenue wholesale for years, and are rather inclined to believe that it has than that it has not. A system of taxation which is open to such uncertainties as this is self condemned, and it is only needful to consider the demoralising effects it must produce and the advantage it gives to the dishonest trader, for even the most fanatic protectionist to relinquish the task of defending it. Tne community may well echo theiiope expressed by a correspondent of The Argus, that the cue would have the effect of causing oar legislators, when they again revise the tariff, to wipe these duties from the statute-book. But if this is'not done his suggestion that thelawshould be adjusted so as to adopt the English method of collecting these duties deserves consideration. According to thiB system the Customs take the importer's own valuation, but if they see reason to be dis satisfied with it, they take over the goods and pay the importer the amount of his valuation, with 5 per cent added. This is found to supply an adequate and effective check, as the importer hesitates to try pass* log goods at low rates lest he may be caught in his own trap. But it is to be hoped in the interest of trade, capital, and industry, sound fiscal arrangements, and public honesty, that throe iniquitous impositions will soon be wholly swept away. " The Revolution, like Saturn, devours its own children," was said of the French Re volution in the days of the Terror, when party after party of revolutionists were sent to the guillotine by some more violent and extreme party, who, for the moment, held the seat of power. Something of the same tendency is observable among our own "re. formers" so far as they are represented by the weekly gathering at that shrine of poli tical wisdom, Stutt's Hotel, At the last meeting, the principle was recognised with sorrow land regret that it was neoessary. to idLilrost their own representatives in Parlia ment as much as their opponent^ if not snore. Indeed, in the opinion of the thorough . going Mr, Oliver, "not half a dozen men in the '(hue were worth a five minutes' consi deration." Another speaker,iMr. Sorrell, was ottll aaoie emphatic. He Mid, in a voice choked,b/pobsandtears," he felt indignant to tfcjnk that the very mea in whom they bad tfee greatest confidence, whom they bad JioUeed, bad sold them like bullocks." it -.was, Indeed, their destiny to bebooghtand jwid,«adMr. Sorrell asked what guapuiteehad ?even if their chairman, Mr. Mirama, Minister--it was, he admitted, only jtion--hewogld not .also be misled oj^artewbich had misled others? i none faithful, not one, and in the j|b|3ie orators whose intelligence gi&ptrer; so much impressed Mr, Pw,.W, C, Smith the dottier day, like alltbe otters are mere seekers of place and pay, only distinguished from their opponents by adding treason to selfish ambition. To the gaze of Sorrell, as he swept the past, present, and future, the prospect was a hopeless blank. There was only one spot on which bis eye could rest without indignation, and that was a tomb in " yonder cemetery " where lay the dust of one who "had immortalised his name." But even he (the late Mr. Djd) fell a victim to the wicked arts before referred to. " Influ ence was brought to bear upon him, because he was a noble freeman, and spoke the voice of the people, and at last he was crushed in many respects." And thus we see that that great political centre, Stutt's Hotel, is not satisfied with its Parliamentary representa tion, and that Messrs. Berry and W. C. Smith are denounced as traitors and self-seekers by the very men on whom they fawn with sycophantic adulation. A paragraph in recent New Zealand papers is worth the attention of our anti- immi grationists. It states that able-bodied men are so scarce in Otago that the farmers and squatters are driven to employ Chinamen. We all remember the gloomy anticipations that were framed as to the result of the liberal policy of immigration that New Zea land has carried out in so spirited a way how the labour market would be swamped, i the value of the working man's labour ' shamefully depreciated, and the immigrants who were brought in reduced to a condition of pauperism, and rendered a burden to the community. The facts are wholly different | We hear nothing of pauperism or destitution, and all that we hear points to a condition of activity, abundance of labour, and general prosperity. Although such large numbers of immigrants have been imported, they have been absorbed, and so far from being a drug in the market, more labour is wanted.- This state of affairs prevails at a time of the year when, bad there been a temporary dulness and depression, it would have been regarded as only a common consequence of the season. But there is no dulneBS, no de pression, no unemployed, and no labourers for thoBe who require them, so that the omnipresent Chinaman has to be engaged to do work that would be given in preference to Europeans. There is a moral in thiB for those amongst ourselves who oppose with such ignorant fear the introduction of popu lation from outside, and regard it as neces sarily ruinous to the interests of the country, or, at any rate, to their own. The committee of Lloyd's, as we see by a letter published in The Argus, has taken the proper course of bringing under the notice of the Lords of the Admiralty an application that a regulation be made for the ships on the Australian station to make periodical visits to the desert islands on the track of vessels in these southern seas. The com mittee points out that three first-class vessels, the Strathnaver, Culzean Castle, and Loch Lagan, trading between England and these colonies, have been unaccounted for within the last 12 months, and the suffer ings of the onfortnnate survivors from the wreck of the Strathmore lend point'and force to the representations made. The letter mentions, in the usual blundering fashion when colonial matters axe in question, that another application of similar tenonr was about to be made "by the Legislative Assembly of Australia," but, although the committee is technically incorrect the sub stantial merits of its request entitle it to favourable consideration. Should the ar rangement suggested be regularly carried out, as it surely might be very readily, it is pos sible that in the course of years much suf fering might be 8pared, and some time or other a frightful catastrophe be prevented. A letter has been addressed by Mr. M'Kean, M.L.A., to His Excellency the Governor, praying him to direct the cancel lation of the sale of the lands recently sold at Eilmany-park, on the ground that some of Mr. M'Kean's constituents regard the sale as " an indirect violation of the spirit of the existing Land Act." These self-appointed advisers of the Governor, entertaining this opinion, recommend His Excellency, without any reference to his constitutional advisers, to at once proceed to act upon it Did we not very often receive evidence of the disposition of the Victorian "Liberal" party to super sede our law and constitution by a system of arbitrary role, it would appear rather strange to see a member of Parliament profess ing Liberal principles to make himself the medium of advice, which, if acted upon, would do away with the power of Par* liament, and with Ministerial respon sibility, and substitute for them a system of unlimited autocracy. - Instances are always occurring in which the profound old proverb, "extremes meet," finds its realisation; but one of the oddest surely is the readineBB of a democratic party in a constitutional country, in' which there is absolutely no check on the will of the people becoming law, proposing to abolish or ignore the constitution merely because by esta blishing a personal rule they might be able. to obtain theirwishes a little quicker. Mr. S. Brown was perfectly right in re. minding the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, the other evening, that there are other elements requisite to a perfect system of five trade than unrestricted im portations, and that sound political economy was sa much violated by the construction of extravagant lines of railways for the mere purpose of intercepting a trade already adequately provided for as by the imposition of protective duties. We do . not desire, and we do not (eel qualified, to express any opinion on the merits of the railway schemes submitted to Parliament by Mr. Robertson's Government But it is only necessary to glfnce through the debates upon that polioy toobeerve how this line Is opposed because ft#ould aid traffic''to flow towards Mel bourne, or this ©th<^ reoommended because it would divert traffic out of Its natural channel to the beBt market and force'it towards Sydney, to see what false and mis taken ideas are applied to the consideration of the subject. A railway system constructed holly on such principles as these could bono thingbutashamefulwasteoflabourand capita' to interfere with trade operations which had already regulated themselves by natural laws that could not be tampered with without serious loss. If our intercolonial emulation and competition take this form, it is cer tainly an injurious one, and one that must result in a wasteful expenditure of our re sources. The correct principles on the sub ject were so well Btated by Mr. Brown, that i we quote the passage of his speech to which we alludeThe objection to continuing the main line to Albnry was, that it would enable the people of that part of the country to send their produce more easily to Mel bourne than to Sydney; and also enable the merchants of Melbourne to send their goods with greater facility into this colony; that they would be able to supply goods to the people of the south and south-west of this colony more cheaply than the Sydney mer chants could supply them. Admitting those objections to their falleBt extent, why, in God's name, should it not be so ? Was it not our own colonists who were to be benefited? They were persons who paid their taxes, and contributed to the railways of the colony. Goods coming across the border had to pay duty; and why should the people in that part of the country be com pelled to come to Sydney, if it was a dearer market to them than Melbourne. Suppose the merchants of some other colony could supply goods to the Sydney people cheaper than the Sydney merchants could supply them. Would the Government, professing the principles of free trade, be justified in I using the capital of the coantry to prevent it?' These questions are as applicable to ' onr own railway construction policy as to that of the neighbouring colony, and it is to ; be hoped that the principles they imply will never be recklessly outraged at the bidding merely of a narrow, unneighbourly jealousy. The Tasmanian Government has now before it the report of the three engineers who were requested to inspect the Main line Railway, and report on its condition. Their opinion is a very definite one, and it is ex pressed in terms that allow no chance of mis construction. They believe that the condi' tions of the contract have not been complied with. They enter at length into the results of their various observations, and the con clusion they draw from them is that we have stated. There can be no question about the competency or the impartiality of these authorities, and their judgment leaves little uncertainty to the Government as to what is its proper course. It is impossible for the Government, standing as it does in the posi. tion of trustee for the public of the colony, to fulfil its agreement with the contractors until it has satisfactory evidence that the contrac tors have fulfilled theirs. At present the evidence is all the other way. It is very much to be regretted that so unpleasant a state of thingBshould have arisen, and that the undertaking should, at its completion, prove to be in so unsatisfactory a condition. But matters standing as they do, the Government has a very plain duty before it-that of insist ing on the contractors properly finishing their work before any claims against the public funds can be entertained. The case of Kenneth Brown, who was recently executed at Perth, in Western Aus tralia, for murdering his wife, possessed no elements entitling it to special notice were it not for (he extreme difficulty felt in this case in overcoming the obstacles to the carry ing oat of justice. The murder itself was a commonplace act of murderous violence, and there seems to have been nothing in the character of the murderer to enlist on his behalf any feeling of sympathy, still less any desire to save him from the punishment be so amply merited. Bat the crime was com mitted in a very 8 11 community, " united and connected," as he Argus correspondent says, "by relationships or by mutual in terests,"{and stiUlmore, it would appear, by a strong class feeling. It was felt by the "iw from which the jury who first tried the case were selected, that a great disgrace would at. t&ch; to their class if Brown was convicted, and this feeling was sufficiently strong to cause two successive juries to differ, so that they had to be discharged without a verdict The facts of the case were notin dispute, and the defence of insanity set up on behalf of the prisoner was so transparently anyeal as to appear what it no doubt was-a mere pretext tendered to the jury for a pre* determined acquittal. It was only after the failure of the second trial that a jury was formed from the bystanders in the court on the method of a tales, and the prisoner was tried for the third time and convicted. The affair is deeply discreditable to the com. inanity which furnished the spectacle of jury after jury preferring class, or family, or personal considerations to the impartial ad ministration of justice, and to the sanctity of the oathB they bad taken and the responsi bilities they had incurred. The tenonr of late news from Europe slums how decisively the crusade ofthePapalChurch agaipst the peace of Europe and modern civilisation has been beaten at every point of the attack. In France a genuinely Repub lican Government has assumed the direction of the state,and has given guarantees of its in tention to resume the control: of higher education, in regard to which some dan gerous concessions were made to the church by the last Government, The Attempts of the clergy to mislead the people by menda cious misrepresentations of the martyrdom and dungeon life ©t the Pope in the Vati can, and to incite the President to betray the constitution of the country by an act of treason, are alike unavailing. In Spain, when Catlism was beaten down, the church, with itB usual supple subserviency to circum stances, <loBt no time in endeavouring to make the best terms it could with the Government of Alton BO, but the efforts to obtain a rescinding of the right to free opinion in matters of religion have been ineffectual In Italy a Radical Government has replaced that of Sigtior Minghetti, and although it has shown a- disposition to continue the tern* porteing policy with the church followed by its predecessors, it is hopeleBS for the clericals to expect that they will recover an inch of the ground they have loBt, or that any concessions will be made to their extra vagant demands. In Germany the conflict between Icburch and state has become quieter; but it has become so because the state has put the law into force with irre. sistible power, and has broken down every at. tempt made to bar its way. The conspiracy of the " black internationalists" to* plunge Europe into general war, in the hope that out of the widespread ruin and misery and devastation the church might be able to pick up and rehabilitate the lost temporal sovereignty, has become but a remote dream, aud its success now looks about as impro bable as the restoration of the Stuart line to the throne of England. American genius has often been pronounced matter-of-fact and commonplace, but it is gratifying to see that when occasion calls it can rise above the range of such censure. The ceremonial at the opening of the Phila delphia Exhibition formed such an occa sion. In the course of the proceedings a re spectable hymn, by that respectable Ameri can poet Mr. Whittier, was sung; but it was felt that that was not sufficient. Some hing out of the common in the poetic and musical line was felt to be imperatively de manded, and Mr. Sidney Lanier, to whom the task of producing it was delegated, must have surpassed the most extravagant expec. tations. This gentleman wrote a "can tata," and those who have ever read a can tata would not be surprised to find it a little obscure and high flown. But the wild extravagance of the maddest cantata ever written is tame, sober, luminous good sense when compared with the extraordinary com position of Mr. Lanier, which a number of decent, sensible American citizens had to gravely vocaliBe as though it contained a coherent meaning. It thiB strange poem we are told abont the *' To and fro, Weltering ol my Long-Ago," read of "Ghosts of Goods once flesBed and fair, Grown feul Bads in alien air," and after straggling through such lines as " Tongued with lithe and poisoned swords," or " Toil through the stertorous death of the night," without meeting in the whole way with any thing that presents even for a moment the passing a glimpse of a meaning, arrive at the last stanza, which tans "OMueic, from this beixht of time my Word unfold! In thy lane signals «U men's hearts Man's Heart behold! Mid-heaven unroll thy chords as friendly flags un furled. And wave the word's best lover's welcome to the world." It most be admitted the American Eagle took a very lofty flight in Mr. Lanier's poem, and that the Great Republic, in the honr of itB great emergency, found a man glowing with poetic and patriotic ardour equal to its utmost requirements. . 