THE HAUNTED HOUSE, oR THE? SHSADOW AT RIVER HALL. Br Mas. J. II. IIDDELL, Acrruo or A LIra's AbsIZE, GOsGE GEITH, SC. CA?PTER V (CONTINUsED). " RE.ALLY, Miss Blako,"' interposed the judge. "I have no more aquestiona to ask, my lord," said Colonel Morris' counsel, soerenely triumphant. " Miss Blake can go down now." And Miss Blake did go down; and Taylor whispered in my ear: " She has done for us." Colonel Morris' side of the case was now to be heard, and heads were bond lug eagerly forward to entch each word of wisdom tlnt should fall from the lips of Sorjeant Playfire, when I felt a hand, cold as ice, laid on mine, and turning, beheld bliss Blake at my elbow. She was as white as the nature of her complexion wotld permit, and her voice shook as she whispered: " Tatke me away from this plaeo, will you '?" I cleared a way for her out of the court, and when wereoached Westminister Hall, seeing how upset she seemed, asked if I could get anything for her a glass of water, or wine, Isuggested, in my extremity. " Neither water nor wine will menda broken heart," she answered, solemnly, "' and mine has been broken in thdier'e" -with a nod she indicated the courtwe had just left. SNot rememnbering at the moment an approved recipe for the cure of such a fracture, 1 was cudgelling my brains to think of some form of reply not likely to give offence, when, to my unspeakable relief, Mlr. Craven came.up to where we stood. " I will takle charge of Miiss Blake rnow, Patterson," he satd, gravelyy-very gravely; and accepting this as an inti mation that he desired my absence, I was turning away, when I heard Mliss Blake say : , Where is she-the creature What have they done with her at all " " I have sent her home," was:- Mr. Craven's reply. "How could you be so foolish as to mislead me as you have done ?" " Come," thought I, smelling the lattle afar off, ' we shall saon lirve Craven v. Blake tried privately in our office. I knew sMr; Craven pretty well, and finderstood hlie would not readily forgive Miss Blake for having kept Miss lIelona's experience a secret from him" Over aiid over I heard Miiss Blake state there was not a thiing really against the house, and that BHclena, poor dear, only ihated the place because she had there lost her father. " Not much of a loss eithdr, if she could be brought to think so," finished Mliss Blake, samnetimes. Consequently, to Mr. Craven, as well as to all those connected with the firm, tihe fcts elioted by Serjeant P'layfire were new as unwelcomo If the daughter of the hoeso dreamed dreams and behold visions, why should strangers be denied a like privilege? If Mliss Elmsdalo believed her father could not rest in his grave, how were we to compel belief as to calm repose on the part of yearly tenants ? "Playfire has been pitching into us pretty strong." remarked Taylor, when I at last elbowed my way back to where our manager sat. " Where is Mr. Craven ?" " I left him with Mliss B!lake." "It is just as well he has not heard all the civil remarks Playfite .mado about our connection with the business. Hush I he is going to call his witnesses. No, the court is about to adjourn for Slunchleon." Once again I went out into West minister Hall, and was sauntering idly. up and down over its stones when MJr. Craven joined me. "A bad business this, Patterson," he remarked "'Ve shall never get another tenant for that house," I answored. "Certainly no tenant will ever again be got through me," hlie said, irritably; and then Taylor came to him, all in a hurry, and explaining he was wanted, carried him away. " They are going to compromise," I thought, and followed slowly in the direction taken by my principal. How I knsw they were thinking of anything of the kind I cannot say, but intuitively I understood the course events were taking. Our counsel had mentally decided that, although the jury might feel in clined to uphold contracts and to repu diate ghosts, still it would be impossible for them to overlook the fact that Colonel Morris had rented the place in utter ignorance of its antecedents, and that we had, so far, taken a perhaps undue ad vantage over him; moreover, the gal lant officer had witnesses in.court able to prove, antd desirous of proving, that " wo had over and over again compromised mattersa with dissatisfied tenants, and cancelled agreements, not once or twice, but many times; further, on no single occasion had Miss Blake and her neico ever slept a single night in the unin habited house from the day when they left it; no mnatter how scarce of money they cliancoed to be, they went into lod gings rather than reside at River lHall This was beyond 'dispute, and Miss Blake's evidenrce supplied the reason for conduct so extraordinary. 'To be continued. A Western journalist whose wife hae just presented hie with twinvs, and who, for this reason, was cotipelled to neglect his paper for oie day, wrote the day after thie following excuset :-" 'We woro unabld to istiOe ouir pap)r ycsterday in conso Iuqencc of the arrival of tnwo extra Imales." " You lhave played the necEE with my u1nnr," said a gentleman to a lady whownshis partner in a game of whist."-" Well," replied iAho lady, withl an arch smile, " it was because • ,,on' played the Nae.e," 