ROME.— THE CARN1 VAL. (moil ocr travelling contributor. No. XVI. '/have in a previous letter endeavored to convey some idea of tlie carnival at Naples ; I will now briefly describe the varied amuse, nenta which take place during the similar .ciuon in Rome. Everyone knows that the rnival ends, or should end, at midnight on Shrove Tuesday, and that the inhabitants oE ' Catholic countries contrive to take as «nnnh nlpjuuire as thev can Drlor to the forty gloomy days of Lent, The whole time from Christmas to Shrove Tuesday is more or less a ' season of festivity, but the fun docs not wax fast and furious in Rome, or in, most other cities, until about ton days before Ash Wednesday ; and although a few masks are occasionally seen in the early part of February, the whole popula- ( tiOn does not give itself over to revelry and excitement until the appointed time. This year - Shrove - Tuesday was on 29th February, and the carnival commenced at Rome on Saturday, 19th February. At Rome, whether owing to the more refined nature of the people, or perhapB out of \- greater consideration for the interests of the florists and gardeners, comfit- throwing was forbidden by the municipality, and the only missiles allowed tobo employed were bouquets of flowers, and longstreamersof coloredpapor, with a' little piece of clay at the end, in order to enable the thrower to impel them with sufficient force. The great centre of the carnival is the Corso, as the principal street of Rome is called, and the principal portion of tlie crowd was con- centrateil between the Porta del Po polo, at the foot of the ' Pinoian- hill, and the Palazzo di Vcnezia, an old palace, which is now the residence of the Austrian Ambassador. Luring the morning the people of Romo attend to their ordinary pursuits ; the fun does not commence until after two o'clock in the afternoon. Shortly after that hour the various balconies are gaily decorated with flags and streamers, and filled with well-dressed persons, and tho streets 'are filled .with sightseors of a humbler . class. A large number of the denizens of tho balconies wear dominoes and masks, and a very large proportion of the foot passengers are attired in various fancy coBtuines, those of Roman peasants, sailors, grisettes, pierrots, and debardcurs being in tho majority. I was puzzled at first how the poorer classes could afford to spend so much money in useless dresses, until I- ' found that they could be hired for so much an hour, and that the same cos tume did duty upon several oooasious. About three o'clock the police prevent all cart9 and waggODS from entering the Corso, whioh is given up to the carnival. Carriages laden wfth pleasure-seekers drive slowly up and.down the street, their occupants being pelted with bouquets by the occupants of the balconies, and throwing hack others inroturn. Occasionally, when thodispensers of bouquets . recognises a friend in a carriage, flowers of a more rare and costly description than ordinary are thrown, and some of these floral missiles are very beautiful, being composed of camellias, violets, snowdrops and other choice flowers. When one is fortunate enough to be singled out as the recipient of on elegant bouquet, it is considered good form to return another of equal value. Rut it generally happens that the offering falls into other hands than those for which it was intended, and I had upon one occasion the mortification of seeing the national colors of Italy, represented by a number of red and white camellias nestling in- a bower of green leaves, which I had in tended for a lady who had shown ino much kindness, fall into the hands of a dirty little gftfniu, who bore it off iu triumph, and afterwards ofTered it for sale for a few soldi. Persons of all classes take part in the flower- throwing, and upon more than one after noon tho Princess Margharits, the future Queen of Italy, drove to a balcony over the shop of a fashionable linendraper, and there amusod herself for aoouple of hours interchang ing showorsof bouquets with alllhepas3ers-by. Nothing is mure charmiug iu Rome, and in deed tfnroughout Italy, than the kindly feeling displayed by one class to another. It would almost seem as if tlie halcyon days of Rome had returned, and that " the rich men lovod the poor, and the poor men loved the great." There is a great deal of fuo, hut no olio ever seems to lose his or her temper, although, occasionally, a bouquet thro wu a little harder thau ordinary will strike a hard blow, and the wire upon which tlie florists fasten the camellias to the stalk will perhaps cause a scratched face. For my own part, after the first afternoon, during which I remained amongst the crowd, and was rewarded for my trouble by having my pocket picked of my purse containing forty lire (more than thirty shil- .'lings), 1 contented myself with observing the carnival from tho balcony of tlie C'ercolo di Caecia, a club-house situated iu the best part of the Corso. Most of the vehicles are either private carriages, or hack eahs, but there are a few triumphal oars made up for the occasion. Ono represented a huge cannon, and was surrounded by young girls dressed as artillerymen ; another wonderful struct!! re was supposed to represent the press, a number of . maskers bearing banners with the names of all the newspapers published in Rome, while their dresses were supposed to denote the characteristics of the journal which they represented. The man'who impersonated tho organ of the clerical party was dressod as a priest, another wore tho Garibaldiau shirt, another was clad as a professor, and so on. A huge waggon was filled with girls dressed as Roman peasants, another with pierrots ; and a largo treo was hauled about the street, its branches occupied by men dressed as monkeys, who performed all sorts of . antics. Some of the maskers wore very amusing. One man, dressed a la Anglais, with bclltopper hat aud Dundreary whis- kers, accompanied by two youngsters in women's clothes, mimicked an Englishman, Who, with guide-book in hand, wus doing Rome, and pointing out the various places of interest to his companions. .'The houquet-throwing lasts for about two , hours, at tho oxpiration of which period a gun is fired. This is the signal for the car riages to leave the Corse, aud as soon as a second gun has been fired a regular stampede takes place. Up to this moment order lias been maintained by the civic guard and by the ordinary police — fine serviceable fellows, handsomely dressed in dark blue uniform, with a plume of cock's feathers in their caps, and wearing around their waists a belt, with the device of the wolf which suckled Romulus and Romus, and the magical letters, S.P.Q.R. — Seuatus Populus Que Romanus— which the legions bore upon their eagles. But now the troops appear upon the' scene. Large bodies of infantry march into the Corso from the side streets, occu pying the carriage-way, and, with the aid of a few dragoons and gendarmes, tho crowd is got on to the footpaths, and the kerb is lined by the infantry. \Vhcn all is clear, another gun is fired, and the horses are brought to the harrier at the Porta del Popolo. The steeds are riderless, but around each is a species of surcingle, to which is attached one or two goads. So soon as the signal is given tlie horses are let go, and they gallop down the Corso towards the ' Palazzo di Vcnezia, the one which gets there first being the winner. The sport is utterly ' ridiculous, and reminded me of tho rush of boraes out of a stock-yard when the slip panels are taken down, bnt it appears to afford great enjoyment to the Romans, and it- has this great advantage, that it brings the afternoon's amusement to an end. So soon as the race is over the troops form and retire. The shops, which have been closed during the afternoon, are opened, business is resumed, the crowds gradually leave the Corso, aud by an hour alter dark Rome lias re-assumed its ordinary appearance. The same programme is repeated on most afternoons during the Carnival, although occasionally there is an off-day, upon which the carriages drive slowly up aud down the street, just as they would along the Chiaga, at Naples ; the Bois de Boulgue, in Paris ; or Hyde Park, in London. In tho evening the theatres are better attended than at any other time during the year, and at many of them there are masked balls, or Yeglioni. These masked balls differ somewhat from those of other countries, and even other cities, inasmuch as there is none of the licence which would charac terise such an occurrence at the Grand Opera in Paris, aud, what is more remarkable than all, there is little dancing. I was at tWo public masked balls, one in the Politeauia Romani, which was principally frequented by tbe middle and humbler classes-; another at the Teatro Apollo, the largest and most fashionable theatre in Rome, which is ordi narily devoted to opera aud ballet, which received for its short season of little more than two months a subvention of £3000 from the municipality of Rome, and which at the time of my visit boasted of a company of the first force. The pit and stalls had been boarded ovqr, and the stago bad been built in with scenery, so as to present a very handsome appearance. The orchestra was divided into two divisions, one being placed on either side of the stage, and the boxeB, of which there wero six tiers — there being no publio boxes in. any Italian theatre which I ever attended — were filled with a very gay and brilliant company. Ninety-five per cent, of the gentlemen were in evening dress, and unmasked ; overy lady, without exception, was masked, and tho larger number wore some sort of fancy dress. The tickets of admission only cost five lire — about four shillings— and I do nottbiuk that any precautions whatever were taken to keep the Bociety select. As a matter of course, all classes wero largely repre sented, and men and women of every rank were in the theatre. But although a small proportion of the females were not quite comme il faut, and although their costumea allowed one to see a great deal of them, they were kept in awo and in complete order by the large majority of respectable persons present. There was no attempt at dancing, and, indeed, the ball-room was so crowded that any effort in that direction would have been useless. The principal amusement seemed to arise in an attempt on the part of the gentlemen to discover the identity of the ladies. These latter wero completely the mistresses of the position ; they spoko to their gentleman friends, walked with them, told them secrets which the lords of crea tion thought nobody knew outside their own family, and at the same time almoat invari- ably contrived to preserve their own anonymity. I accompanied to the theatre a lady at whose house I had dined, and who declared that she would never leave me all the evening, for two reasons, first because I was a stranger iu Rome, and did not know many people; the second, because her companionship with mo would afford no clue to her identity, while if she had promenaded round the room with her hus band, every one would have guessed who she was. Hour after hour she exchanged compli ments and repartees with persons whom she knew, but who were quite unable to find out who she was. As soon as her acquaintance had gono away, Blie told me all that she had told them, and the intimate knowledge she had displayed of these family affairs, without their being able to guess in tbe least who she was. In this way, in the course of two or three hours, I became acquainted with all the small-talk and scandal of Roman society, and heard more about the inner life of the Italian Royal family and court than I should caro to repeat. After this amusement had lasted about two hours, I began to get tired of walking round and round the theatre, and suggested an adjournment to the sup per room. My companion was at first un willing, because she seemed to grudge every moment that was not spent in her favorite pursuit, that of mystifying her friends : but at last she consented. 'J'lie supper at nil Italian hall is very unlike what it would be in Melbourne, or indeed in any English- speaking community. The people go to amuse and to be amused, and certainly not to eat. Although there were at least 2000 persons in the theatre, there were not more than thirty or forty in the refreshment saloon, and of these at least the half were English or American. Tlie refreshments consumed were of the slightest description, being almost exclusively confined to cakes, lemonade aud ices. My companion took an icc, but a difficulty arose from her mask, which prevented her swallowing a single morsel without considerable trouble, and she resolutely refused to uumask, first, because she said it was not proper for a lady of rank to appear on such an occasion unless in masehera , aud secondly, lest she should be recognised. At last she con trived to put herself outside the snrbetto, and we returned to the ball-room. There a new adventure awaited lier. She espied her doctor, andafterawhisperedconsultation with another lady, 3I10 handed mo over to lier, and going up' to the medico, a venerable- looking elderly gentleman, she went off on liis arm. I got on very well with my new friend, who spoko excellent English, nnd amused nie with tho very severe manner in which alie criticised the dresses of the ladies. Human nature, and particularly female human nature, Beems to be pretty much the same all the world over. In about a quarter of ail hour my frieud returned in the highest spirits, for, said she, ' ' J have been with my doctor all this time, and lie has not the slightest idea who I am. He looked very hard at tho initials and the coronet on my handkerchief, hut before leaving you I had taken the precaution of changing my hiiudkerchief for that of another lady." It may he asked how it is that the identity is not betrayed by the voice. The reason is that the masked ladies speak in a sort of falsetto, the use of which is ordinarily con- Sued to the females of the working classes ; and they mince their words in such a manner that even their husbands would not recognise them oxcept by their dress and figure. The ladies take other measures to conceal their identity, and con. trive somehow to alter their liguros and complexions, and, above all, every Italian woman seems to be a born actress. What with sight-seeing of a morning, the carnival of an afternoon, and either the opera or tho masked hall of an evening, the few days that I had to spare in Rome passed away very pleasantly. Never had I an idle moment, and I often wished that I had two bodies, so that I could have put one of them to bed after dinner, and had another fresh one . for the evening. 1 wonder whether Marcus Clarke, or Wnlstab, or some other Australian litterateur, can see his way to writing a romance in- which tho hero was endowed with two bodies. The idea hos, I think, at any rate the merit of novelty. At last the carnival began to draw to an end, although the excitement kept on in creasing up to the last moment. On tlie Sunday before Shrove Tuesday, a deputation of maskers from Turin, Milan and Florence came to pay their respects to the majesty of the Roman people. No one seemed to know who tho maskers were, or indeed to cure very ' much. But an immense amount of enthusiasm was produced by their visit. The committee of the Roman Carni val placarded the city with announcements of the hour at which the visitors might be expected at the railway station. Then there came the terrible news that one of them, who assumed the name of Minghetti, was delayed at Milan, through his tailor having disap pointed him with his clothes. At last a tele gram reached Rome that all was well ; that the deputation had arrived safely at Florence, and' might bo expected at Rome by the five o'clock express. If the Emperor of China had been expected the excite ment could not have been moro in tense, Half Rome was waiting outside the gates of the railway station, all eager to see tho visitors. Nor was the enthusiasm confined to the pooror classes. Most of the swell equipages of Rome were in attendance, and the princes and nobles were just as eager as their lacqueys. At last the train came in, the deputation was received by the Carnival Committee, and conducted into a carriage, driven in triumph through the streets of tho city, and finally conducted with all sorts of pomp and ceremony to ono of tho principal hotels. The carnival came to an end on Shrove Tuesday. After the races were over, the ceremony of the moccoletto commenced. This was, to a stranger, the most extraordi nary episode of the whole carnival. Every one was provided with a wax taper, and the fun consisted in keeping one's own alight aud extinguishing those carried by other people. What amusement any sane person can derive from blowing out a candle I can not conceive, but perhaps the Italians have some bidden meaning iu the operation, just as the Chinese are popularly supposed to feel a moral obligation to tell the truth after they have blowu out a match. But for hours meu, women and children amused themselves in this harmless and inexpensive manner. Bands of maskers paraded the streets, waving their own tapers aud blowing out those of every person whom they met. What whs most remarkable was to "see a respectable middle-class family gravely seated iu a balcony which they had hired for the purpose, gazing at the gay scene in tho street beneath, aud at intervals blowing out each others' tapers. Pater- famiiias extinguishing the light carried by liis wife, while Bhe smilingly lighted it again, and seemed grateful for the attention ; anon the son and heir would blow out his sister's candle, and she would retaliate by performing a similar func. tion to thatof her papa's. There were several grand entertainments given that night, one by the Spanish ambassador to celebrate the defeat of Don Carlos, but no one cared to leave tbe streets until after midnight, when the cremation of the carnival took place at the Piazza del Popolo. A huge funeral car, preceded by a band playing a requiem, was drawn slowly down- the Corso. In the centre of the car, surrounded by men clad as priests and fiamens of Jupiter, reclined tlie carnival, represented by a large, jolly-looking man. A physician held bis pulse, and from time to time shook his head gravely, as if the patient were in a bad way. At last, when the car had reached tbe gate of the city, under the Pincian-hill, and at tho foot of the obelisk brought from Egypt by Augustus Cxsar to adorn the circus Maximus, the poor carnival gave up the ghost. The physician shook his head more sadly than before, as if to show that all was over, and abruptly left car. The bed of the dead man vejsa then concealed by a curtain, a lay figure was produced from under the sheets, it was placed upon a funeral pyre, and amidst the discharge of cannons and a grand pyrotechnic display of rockets, Bengal lights and a fire-balloon, the torch was applied to the pile, and in a few minutes the Roman Carnival of 1S76 was a thing of the past. Tho people slowly loft the Piazza, some to their homes, and others to keep up the excite ment for a little time longer at some one of the many masked balls which were given on that evening. Next morning Rome was in its ordinary and normal condition, although from the plethoric condition of the butchers' shops, which wero filled with joints of beef and goats' flesh, 1 fear very much that the fasts of Lent were not likely to be kept up with as much strictness as the festa of the Carnival. 