When Sparrows Build. Written for the Queenslander. Chapter I. There's where my heart is turning ever. "Molly, look! Here's an invitation from your father and Grace for a croquet on Tuesday, to see the last of Carnegie. It seems he's starting on his travels again before the mouth's out." "Can you go, Phil. ?" responded Mr. Mayne's cheerful, good-looking wife, coming round to his side of the breakfast table to read her father's note over her husband's shoulder. "That I will! Though I believe I ought to be at Doncaster to meet that fellow Wyndham about the horses that day ; but I'll put him off at anyrate. I wouldn't miss saying good-bye to old Edmund for a good deal; and a croquet at Bramleigh, is always most agreeable-even," he added, with a profound bow to his wife, "though Mistress Molly Everett no longer reigns there." " Very true, Phil.; but somehow Grace makes a much better hostess than ever Agnes or I would have done. I don't know what there is about her. She doesn't talk half as much as I do or keep the place so much alive perhaps, but she is always to the fore; never out of the way, and never in the way, and always says the right thing. Yes, yes; little G. is the best of the bunch." " I suppose I may be allowed to differ with Mrs. Mayne there, though G. is Al certainly; and Carnegie thinks so too, or I'm much mis- taken." "Yes, that he does, but I am not by any means sure as to her views on the subject. But then I have not been to Bramleigh at all, hardly, since he has been at home this time." The family at Bramleigh Manor, county Yorkshire, had been a large one, and the seven sisters were universally liked and appreciated by all the large neighborhood. But three out of the seven had married early, and one, after a sad and suffering life, had gone to her rest; so that only three were left to take care of their father, old Squire Everett, and, with the help of Aunt Betty, as their chaperone, Miss Mun caster, was called, to keep up tho hospitalities for which Bramleigh had been so long famous. No son had over come to carry on the line ; but Edmund Carnegie, who has been already spoken of, had done much to reconcile the Squire to a want that had been a real grief to him for many years. And this was the way he bad become almost a son of the house: His father, Admiral Carnegie, was engaged in active service at the time of Edmund's birth, and had left all his affairs in the hands of his tried friend, Mr. Everett, committing his young wife to Mrs. Everett's especial charge. The large old house ott the Admiral's property waa but a dreary abode for his solitary and sickly wife, so that it came to pass that, a very few weeks after the Admiral's departure, Mrs. Carnegie was brought to Bramleigh to be looked after and taken care of, as Mrs. Everett and her daughters, little girls though they were, well knew how. But that Lasted not long ; for in the same terrible gale which wrecked Admiral Carnegie's ship, his heir was born and his wife's life passed away, leaving the newly- born baby at once fatherless and motherless. Little thought those two, separated as they were--the Admiral, as he calmly gave up his life in the hope that others might be spared; the wife, as she lay on her bed of suffering, praying for him and for his child, that they might find comfort in each other, and all the happiness that earth could give--that that terrible night would be tho last of both lives ; that both were crossing tho narrow stream of Death together, to the land where all sorrow and sighing shall have an end. Edmund never missed his parents, for father, mother, and sisters were well supplied to him in the family at Bramleigh, and so he had grown up among them, cared for as few sons-- even only ones--are, and withal wisely and sensibly educated. Of course his natural bent was for the sea, and it was not opposed, for both the Everett's felt it. would have been his father's wish, Their aim in bringing the boy up had been to carry out, as far as they knew how to do so, all the Admiral himself would have done. This was many years ago. Now, Mrs. Everett had long been dead; Edmund had made many voyages, and had come home to Bramleigh after each, ever to receive the same warm welcome; and now, at eight-and-twenty, he found himself ordered off again, for four years on the Pacific station. But this is all by the way; for, reader, you must come with me from Philip Mayne's house (the Kennels, as it is not very euphoniously wiled), and away over some miles of Yorkshire land and mountain, till we catch the first glimpse of the great sea stretching away in front of us, and sparkling brightly in this glorious August sun, and then, there partly sheltered by the cliff on one side, and partly by that bolt of Heather-beaten old firs on the other, from the driving east wind, we come down upon Bram- leigh lying bathed in sunlight, the picture of all that is English, and peaceful, and homelike. It is a delightful old house, largo and rambling, hut at the same time the rooms are snug and cheetful, and there is nothing of darkness or gloominess there. There is a sound of practicing coming from the- drawing room, so we will only peep in at the windows as we pass, to see Peggy and Jean, the two youngest girls, hard at work over Sterudale Bennett's exquisite Overture to the Naida, whilst Aunt Betty's knitting-needles move with light- ning rapidity, and her work seems to grow Larger even as we gaze. And now come this way to the room that is the kernel of the house, brown in old days as the small withdrawing two--a name that has long given place to " the lounge--a long room, rather low, and uncar- peted, for the floor is of dark polished oak, with a purqueterie border, save that hero .and there are Indian mats, while in the bay window at one end is an enormous rug, where tho children love to buy themselves, story book in hand in the short winter days, for here they can catch the very last rays of tho setting sun. The room run, the whole length of one side of the house, so that there are windows on three sides. The tall window, with the great white rug at one wall, at the other a similar window, filled just now with a gay stand of hothouse flowers, and then on the long side are three smaller windows, each appropriated by some one member of the family. Grace is sitting there now, in her own special cornet, with a heap of collars and other articles fully in front of her, which she marks and then passes to Edmund, who is standing with a hot iron in hand, to finish them off. In another window its Squire Everett himself, reading the Times, and imparting scraps to inattentive hearers, and expending a good deal of unneces- -ary wrath upon tho topics of the day. He is a young-looking man for his years, and has been a horse rider all his life, as one could almost tell his glance at his trim well-built figure: but he says his hunting days are over now; and his ''¦nighters would bo glad to believe it, for since "¦? broke bia bridle-arm aud dislocated his ¦uiuldcr, ho has not Ilia old power over his hilve; and visions of their father brought home ?»ui the hunting field never to follow hounds avun, or to be in at auy death, save his ujvu, will occasionally forco themselves upon the Wi;' lahiik Llmund, tall for a sailor, is a pleasant, merry L'juaj fellow, with no Bpecial claim to good "ii except from, his expression of beaming ?'ii'.eat and good nature. I don't like describing J")" characters too minutely ; perhaps it is a task ""yjiid me; but I confess never to have seen in te.i. !i;e th; phenomena so often dwelt upon by Ji-'Vea-;., as peculiar to their heroes nnd T ;'uie*?'Argo mild eyes, which can alternately ^1,:';'e from depths of fiercest anger to au ex He>-i->:i of unutterable tenderness; ora mouth, !":>-e compression indicates tho storm of passion ?¦^i, within ; or again, a brow, ordinarily fair, jttxith, placid?now umrkod with lines of ¦Rea,,; anguish. These aro peculiarities I Mi"'' ^e'nS nn eminently voracious author, Uji only given to writing "what I kuows," ea.irge upon; so my roadors must foi rn their ' »¦} opinion of what these two ure like, and if j,1"". Vle«' does not como up to the author's '"',.? °,r materially differs therefrom in every wticuiav, I, for my part, will submit to bo '?* dittoed with. ;? ?Hf.v'3 J01* had many answers, Gracie, to the "'tatwa, for Tuesday!" asked her fathor <^lullt *izlf> filtuori1 tlliuk;bufc thoro ftro l!,i tao,r? to C0U1° yot- When I havo done r .', f*rkluK I will inako out tho list. ' Take ",;. i-dmuud, you will scorch that!" DatV^Si twnk uot! tUoirou is getting cold. 1 wc Maynes como 1" "Yes, both?of them; and Molly will sleep hore. Phil, has to go to Doncaster next day, so he proposes to go home with the Bells, aud sleep there, which will be all in his way." "I thiuk I will go down to the Vicarage, mid lunch there perhaps, just to tell Agnea and Horsley what tho time is, aud so forth. I suppose they won't stay for the dance ?" " Not a chance of it, Squire. Brother Alfred thinks dancing sinful, and Agnes, who used to be the best dancer in England, follows suit, and repents of her sins, in that way, beforo Horsley illuminated her. Isn't it so, Gracie V "Alas! yes," said Gracie, laughing; "but I suppose she's right to respect her husband's prejudices; only, please papa, don't let Alfred talk you out of having a dunce, because wo have invited the people especially for that; and besides, Edmund must not be disappointed of bia last piece of gaiety at Bramleigh." "Let Alfred talk me out of it, my dear! Why, I'll open the ball myself with old Lady Wilson? the only lady about here who knows how to dance, since Mrs. Young broke her neck." And away went the Squiro, a little bit hurt in mind at the suggestion of the possibility that his son in-law could talk him over in anything ; though the caution was a needful one, seeing that the Vicar had powers of persuasion which the old man could seldom withstand, aud which had more than once led to serious consequences, and almost a quarrel between the members of Bramleigh Hall and Bramleigh Vicarage. But if Mr. Horaley disapproved of dancing on prin- ciple, he was devotedly fond of croquet, aud no doubt was able to detect many a subtle difference betweeu the two popular modes of wasting time, which made the latter perfectly harmless and legitimate for a clergyman. "I don't thiuk bia Reverence will do any harm this time, G.," observed Edmund, as tho Squire left the room. " The father loves a dance as well as ever." "I hopo not, Edmund, for I can't bear these quarrels. Alfred will interfere where he has no right; aud Agues makes matters worse. But there ! we are at peace now, so we may rest and be thankful." "And not be always on the lookout for squalls, eh, G.?" " You may laugh at it all, Edmund, and I daresay it seems childish enough, but I should be grateful to anyone who could teach Alfred that he ia not to rule father and all of ua by virtue of having married our sister. The Squire was very angry last time ; he found that Alfred had actually countermanded his own orders to Fairfax. I hope all clergymen don't make themselves as disagreeable as our Yorkshire ones do." "Luckily not; but you must take care that Horsley does not worry your father too much. Fortunately Agues knows pretty well how much he can bear, and won't let her husband bully him beyond certaiu limits. Still I don't think him nearly so strong now as when I first came home." " No, ho is not. He always feela the heat so much; and he is nearly two years older. Fancy our being left to the guardianship of the Hew Alfred Horsley!" she went on, half tearfully, for Graco loved her father above everything ; " that might be our fate?who knows if" "That you never shall be, if I eau prevent it," said Edmund impulsively. But Grace shook her head doubtfully, aud, gaiheriug together the linen she had just finished marking, left tho room quickly. Edmund stood at the window, looking but on the beautiful green slope in front, without seeing anything that was before him, aud thinking vaguely of the family cares, which seemed to be thickening just as it was getting out of his power to help them, aud then dwelling on the one thought which had been ever present, aud all iu all to him for many a long day,?the thought of Grace Everett herself, with its attendant fear lest after all she should love him only as he loved all his other, so-called, sisters ; aud then and there he made up his mind that he would find that out before he left. He had been content enough to be at home all this time without seekiug to disturb existing relations. They all spoilt him, he said, aud made him so happy at home, but now that ho was to leave them so soon, there came the wild longing to know the truth, and tho desire to have bia "little G." for his very own?ono person in the world whom he might love, aud pray for, and cherish in his heart of hearts, and whose lovo aud prayera for him would be a protection aud safeguard to him in the coming perils of the deep. "Yes," thought he, "I will wait only till after Tuesday. If anythiug happens to me this voyage, she will be safe from the possibility of Alfred's guardianship, by my will ; but they might wonder and speculate more than she would like if I had not spoken, aud she would perhaps not care to take advantage of my in- tentions if I had never talked it over with her. At anyrate, something must bo settled;" and looking round suddenly, he found Jean, the youngest of tho family, a girl of sixteen, rather fixedly contemplating him. " Why, Edmund, you look as if I were a ghost!" "You don't look like one, Jean; there ia much moro of the impudent sprite about you. But when did you come in f 1 didn't see you." " How should you when you were looking out of tho window, and rubbing the glass ns if you were trying to see which would wear out first? it or your finger? What were you thinking of ? Your ship, or your fair ladyo !" "Aren't they one aud the same, Jean, to the nautical mind'{" "No, Ned, not to yours; aud the worst of it is," she went on gravely, coining close to him, " that I think you are playing a losing game." " That, Jean, remain3 to be proved; lhere is uncertainty in everything; and though I may go to the bottom, as I might have done any time these ten years past, I can trust myself to old Dame Ocean without over much fear." " Stuff! You know as well a? possible I didu't mean going to the bottom. Don't you think anyone has eyes, and eui see as well us possible that your ship isn't your fair ladye, and that she?the real fair ladye, I mean?Ls the only person who doesn't '!" " Child! what do you kuow about such things s" " It's personal observation mostly as does it," replied Jean, not very grammatically perhaps, while her nod aud bright look at Eduiuud made him laugh outright; " only, though Faintheart aud all that sort of thing may make a very good proverb, still thero must bo two parties to every transaction, and unfortunately one is wantiug here, Two heads, you know, are better than one any day, and mine is a long way better than yours, because my heart is sale and souud iu my own keeping!" " What a witch you are, child ! I wish you would talk sense, and behave like a discreet?" ?"Young woman, I suppose you were going to say! ouly you don't give me credit for being one; and as the dinner bell has rung, I'll relieve you of nonsense and presence alike, unless you will come too, and dream no more." Edmund, vaguely wondering where the child learnt her trick of observation, followed her out of the room. (TO UV. COSTlSCKD.l th A successful cremation was (says The San Francisco NcKS-Ltttir) lately effected in this city which has not yet been mentined by the Press. It waa not the will of tho deceased to have his remains so disposed of, but his frieuds, after cuttiug the head off, stitching up the neck aud removing all tho organs of tho stomach, placed the body iu an oven specially prepared for tho purpose. The legs of the deceased were drawn i up .against his sides, mid broken at the knees, I and the interior of the breast waa filled with a peculiar preparation of aromatic peppers. The I body lay on a large iron vessel, in which waa | placed a little water, and tho heat of the furnace | was kept in tho compartment by closing it ' securely nnd nddiug fuel from time to time. On opening tho apparatus at tho end of two hours thc body was found well roasted, but not con- sumed, and wo grieve to say that tho assembled company cut portions from tho Mesh and ate them in au adjoining room. This is not the first time that a turkey has been thu3 treated in thia Christian land. . A Famous Trumpet Player.?Gaetuno Bnz/.i, tho grcut Italiau trumpet-player, baa just died at Bologna. He lind a mouth hard as stool and lungs as capacious as tho hollows of a smithy. Having played a very noisy passage iu Donizetti's hearing once, the maestro wont over to him, and, smilingly Upping him on tho chook, said, " Caro mio Brizzi, you'ro sure of au ongage mont on tho lost day, to play the trumpet iu the Valley of Jehoshaphat!" 