AN ISLAND PEARL. BY B. L. FARJEON, ACTHOB OF " BLADE-O'-GRASS," " BREAD- AKD-CHEESE AND KJSSKS," " JESSIE ^ TRIM," " TBE KING OP NO-LAND," "GRIF," "LONDON'S HEART," &C.; INTRODUCTION. STRANGER THAN A DREAM. It is BO close to Christmas, dear mates and friends, that but a few hours will pass befpre the holy day is here. The third rising of the sun will usher it in, and with it a wealth of kindly feeling to beautify the world. The snow lies soft, and light on jevcry branch and twig in .my garden, and what was dark is made light by purity; for;white is its emblem, and it is fit and beautiful that it should fall at such a time of jlove and charity. The good Lord grant that it and the lessons it teaches may flourish till the Last Day. To me it brings strange memories, .yet so sweet that I bless the good time as every fading year heralds it, though every fading year draws me nearer to the grave-^-as it does eveiy one. of us, from the baby in his cradle to him who has lived his days and is waiting. It is a strange story, this of mine, and I will try to tell it straight, though I may ramble a bit. Sitting here alone in my quiet little room—Alone ? No; for the spirit of love robs the solitude of loneliness, and that is with me. Sitting here, then, in my quiet little room, with hardly a sound to distract my attention, it is hard to believe that I have seen what I have seen. I know full well that the peacefullest life may contain storms and heartshocks incredible to believe in before they burst; I know poison lurks in hypocrisy and selfishness; I know what wounds are inflicted by mean-spiritedne ss and basemindedness; but few men have undergone such experience as have been ordained to me. As I turn my eyes inwards to the past, wildlightning flashes, solemn thunderous sounds, the whirl of furious seas, make themselves seen and heard. And not these alone, thank the good Lord. While these convulsions are troubling my sold there is shed upon them, like oil upon the troubled waters, the tender peaceful influence of a child—of a child, now a woman, upon whose breast my head has often lain. Her face is pure and fair; love is deeply seated in her eyes; and on her forehead, in my fancy, shines a paleblue star, in the soft light of which the wild storms of my life are hushed. Yes; it is a strange story, and I will tell it as well as it is in my power to do, believing it to be a story which, were it told by another man, I myself should like to read by Christmas fires. There is a special reason why it should be writ for Christmas. It is, as it were, woven with Christmas memories, some bright, some sad, but leading all to a happy conclusion. It has happened in my life that some of its principal events have occurred at Christmastide, and when these recur to my mind, the sound of Christmas bells rings in my ears. There are certain anniversaries of the season which, if I lived ten limes man's allotted span, it would be impossible for me ever to forget. So to my task—to tell a story stranger than a dream. L WHAT BEECRGFT MABINEK HEAUD AND SAW IN THE SHELLS. We lived in a little cottage at Crixton, situated in a lane behind the broad highway. At that time there were three of us—Beecroft Mariner, Mary Beecroft, his wife, and I, Amos, their son. Brixton then was not what Brixton is now ; there was more country about, more fields than trees, though there are pretty bits to be found there to-day, if you search for them. The old cottage stands there still, mellowed by age, and prettier by contrast with its newer fellows that have grown round about it; but Beecroft Mariner's cheery " Yo, heave, ho!" is no longer heard within or without its walls. For a sufficient reason, he rests in another kind of habitation. His bones lie at the bottom of the Atlantic. But I, Amos Beecroft, live there at this day, surrounded by memorials of Beecroft Mariner's love. Now, if you want me to describe our cottage, to describe it briefly—you being in a hurry, perhaps, as everybody is in these bustling times—I can do so in one word—Shells. It seemed to be built almost entirely of shells; they met you whichever way you turned, whichever way you looked. About the mantelpiece, on the walls, in the centre of the ceiling (from which sometimes one would drop down with a bang), ill frames, under glass shades, and skirting my mother's workbox and the looking-glass in her bedroom. Even the tiny plot of ground in front, of our cottage—the little plot of garden that was cut off from the footpath by green wooden palings and a green wooden gate—even that was decorated with them. They were of all shapes and colours, and occasionally—Beecroft Mariner being a whimsical old salt—were turned to odd use. As an instance in this way —My mother had a favourite cat, Tommy, which in the course of nature died. Beecroft Mariner being at home at the time and having a number of loose shells which he desired to use up, thus devoted them. He had the cat stuffed, and stuck the shells on its back, to the tune of "Tliis is Tommy." He showed this piece of ingenuity to a friend, who had the reputation of being a scholar. The friend look exception to the inscription. " What's the matter with it ?" asked my father. "Tommy no longer is," replied the scholar. "The inscription should read, " ' This was Tommy.'" My father chewed a great many quids over this suggestion, and finding it difficult to decide whether he or his friend was right, compromised matters by sticking " was" over " is." " Now they can take their choice," said he. As another instance, in which I unconsciously was deeply interested. On one occasion, when Beecroft Mariner was kissing his wife, and bidding her goodbye with more than ordinary tenderness— he being about to depart on a long voyage, and I being soon expected to make my first appearance in the world—he directed her attention to a large parcel, which he placed at the bottom of an old | hairy sea-chest—a very ancient specimen indeed, being almost bald, not to say mr.ngy—and whispered to her that when her lime crime this parcel was to be i lidoiie, and the contents displayed on the iittje. table in her bedroom. Her time csme duly, and my father's directions wejje implicitly followed, when there came forth a large pincushion, with " Welcome, Little Stranger'' set out on it in small pearls of shells. My mother, as you may guess, was delighted with this mark of love and consideration from her man, who was thousands of miles away when ' his boy was born; but some of her female acquaintances — of course I am only speaking from hearsay—viewed it with much disfavour. They were doubtless old-fashioned people, and regarded the shells as a poor and injudicious substitute for pins. Nay, I believe they attempted to remove the objectionable Welcome by force, and that my mother, fighting for her treasure as though it were a thing of flesh and blood, and triumphing, so far excited their ice as to cause them to declare that the offending little stranger would be sure to come to no good. The shells that met your eye in every corner of the cottage had been gathered north, south, east, and west of the glote; and, so that there should be no mistake as to whose residence it was, "Beecroft Mariner' was woven outside in shells, from various shores, directly above the low window which looked into our little front parlour. It may be well understood, therefore, that Beecroft Mariner's cottage was pretty well known round about. It served, indeed, as a kind of landmark in the. neighbourhood, and my father, as I understand, was lookeduponas acharacier. Not by any means an objectionable character, for everybody had a smile for him, for the simple reason, I expect, that he himself had a smile and a good word for | eveiybody. Natural kindness of manner is a good capital to go through life .upon, and if, as it often does, it meet with a bad return—(for there are in the worjd souls so base as to be incapable of a generous sentiment)—it is, after all, but a repetition of an experience which frills to the lot of many good fellows. Beecroft Mariner was emphatically a good fellow, and I assert it in no partial spirit. Everybody who knew him would say the same. He was a man to be proud of as a father; and. I wish no one in the world a better. It was my greatest delight, as a youngster, to walk by his side through the Erixton streets, with my little hand in his big one, and to imitate his walk, the roll of his body, and the very expression on his face, to Let people know that I was Beecroft Mariner's son. His shells were my delight as a boy, and on some of the few evenings in the year he spent at home with us he would take me between his knees and tell me stories of the sea in connection with these pets of his. What wonder, then, that I grew to love both it and them. " You see, my son," he said—he always addressed me thus, and occasionally my mother took after him—"you see, my son, when I am away, your mother can't help but think of me. And why ? Because of these shells. She puts one of 'em to her ear, and she says, ' Now, I'm on the sea with Beecroft Mariner, the father of my boy.' She follows me about to different places; that's how it is. And shells have different voices. They tell you almost everything about the sea youl'd like to know. Listen to this," and he put a shell to my ear. " Can't you hear a storm brewing? And here's thp wind howling through a pi«.ch black night, and here's a mermaid singing, and here's the so£t flapping of the sails as we lay becalmed, praying for a breeze, and here—shut your eyes, my son—here we are surrounded by great white ghosts— icebergs, my son, with sea voices all about us." • I listened in a kind of rapture to such utterances as tliece, and saw and heard iu the shells all that my father described with rough and eloquent tongue. If he could have found and brought home a shell large enough for us all to live in, I believe he would have been tlw happiest man alive. Sitting at home with us one evening, he said, half in jest, half in earnest, " I should like to be buried in a shell coffin, in a grave lined with shells." Now it was a circumstance to be superstifiously remembered in after days that, as he uttered these' words in the little pprlour at Brixton, a shell fell from the ceiling and grazed his hand. "Oh, my dear," cried my mother, starting up in a flutter. Beecroft Mariner wiped the blood from his hend with a smile, but immediately pfterwards gazed at the delinquent shell with an air which implied that it had been guilty of a breach of duty, and ought to te condemned to walk the plank. "Oh, my deal'," cried my mother again; " how can you say such tilings'?" "Well, but I shovM like to be buried in just such a grave," he said, with light persistence. " We must be buried some time and somewhere, and that's my fancy." She said nothing in reply, but a shudder passed through her at the mere suggestion of my father's death. In a certain way he had his w^li, though the pattern of his grave was difierent, and his coffin a more spacious one, than was meant in his expression. He died when I was seven years of age. On a dark night, during a sudden and raging storm, while lielj>ing to reef the maintopgallant sail, he lost his hold, and slipped into the grave of the Atlantic. As the wild waves received and closed over him, blotting him out of the world for ever and ever, perhaps a vision came upon him of his wife and child in their little cottage at Erixton, brightened by the mementoes of his love ; aud perhaps, in the midst of his brief agony, it brought a spark of comfort to him. It does me good to think of his last moments in this way, and to believe that he breathed a "God bless you !" to those dear ones from whom the sea was snatching him. He could have had no time for more—no time, according to the accounts we received, to fight for his life. The waters were too eager and angiy. He went swift to his fate. But one minute after he fell he must have been a dead man. Thus my father, Beecroft Mariner, passed away, in the performance of his duty. This being mentioned in the letter which brought my mother the sad news— as to his dying doirg his duty, I mean— cut her two ways. It was in some sensa a consolation to her, but it increased her grief at the loss of such a man. Now, my feelings were of a different nature. I was a s;iilor before my father's death, and the manner of his death did not frighten me. It was a proper sailor's death, I thought in my childish way, and I was proud of my father for dying it, and proud'-of myself for being such a sailor's son. Sometimes of a night, when I was a-bed, I would put a shell to my ear, and with my eyes closed, I would see my father fioating down to the bottom of the s^a, where he would lie among beautiful seaweed and coral and shells of pearl. I never in these fancies saw him with any but a cheerful aud smiling face. Really I had been a sailor in my heart from my cradle upwards. I do not know whether this came from innate love or from education, but I do know that, whether I was bred or born to it, I loved the sea with a deep and passionate love. Never have I forgotten the first time I saw it. It stretched before me calm and vast, and over the waier-line in the d ; stance lay the wonders which I should one day see. They were hidden from me now, but the time would come. I was silent from joy. That is the world, thought I— my world, in which I shall live and be a sailor, like my father. I regarded the land as of the very smallest consequence ; it occupied but an insignificant position in the universe according to my reckoning. n. I OFFER TO BUT A FEW MERMAIDS FOB. MR. DRUCE. It is not to be wondered at that I had such ideas, fer my inclination for the sea was fostered and encouraged in every conceivable way. I was the sailor pet of the neighbourhood, and from the time that I remembered myself I was' always dressed sailor fashion. I haven't the slightest doubt, judging from the impressions I gathered, that the children in the neighbourhood regarded me as something particularly marvellous, and that no high admiral, however fine and grand his cocked hat and sword and goldlaced clothes might be, would have held a higher position in their estimation than young Amos Beecroft. That the reputation I enjoyed came from no merit in myself did not disturb me; but. as that same obliviousness is frequently observable in children of a larger growth, I may readily be excused for it. I daresay I considered myself a person of vast consequence. I know well enough that it was with no small pride I used to contemplate my figure when I was dressed in my blue trousers, very tight at the knee and very wide at the ankle, and my little sailor's hat, with its little blue ribbon and the name of my father's ship stamped upon it, and in gleeful imitation of my sailor friends, I did, I do believe, fropi the age of three, begin to roll about like a porpoise, and to hitch up my wastband in a dainty way, thinking it a fine and manly thing to do. I did not chew ; I had not yet arrived at the dignity of a quid, but I watched my father, and imitated him secretly with bits of paper in my cheek, waiting and longing for the day when -1 might enjoy the real thing. During my apprenticeship in this art I went through some dangerous experiences by reason of the paper quids slipping down my throat, and indeed it was a mercy I was not choked by my ambition. Another of my accomplishments—how I gained it the time is too far off or my memory, too treacherous for me to remember—was the dancing of the hornpipe, in which I was led to believe by partial and flattering tongues that I could beat the best sailors five times my age. I am free to confess that such flatteries fell on an ear only too willing to receive them. On oneauemorable night, when my mother had a few friends to tea, I was desired to show "what a prodigy I was in the saltatory art. I was already dressed in my sailor's clothes, prepared for the occasion by an over-fond mother, who artfully led the way to this climax, suggesting it as though it were quite a sudden thought, instead of being anxiously premeditated. The table being pushed into a corner, and the centre of the room cleared, I, without my: exhibition of false modesty, took possession of my stage, and with a preliminary duck of my head, and a professional hitch at my waistband, set my arms akii^ibo and began to dance, and danced till my legs ached, and would have danced till they dropped off had I been permitted to do so. If any doubts had hitherto existed in my mind that I was a hero they were dispelled on that evening, and I held up my head like the vainest turkey-cock. My;mother's friends on that occasion were chiefly old women, and they wagged their heads and pinched their sides so that I slmjost expected in the.midst of my whirling to see them tumble to pieces, and the more they cackled and wagged their heads the greater energy I threw into my limbs, flinging them about as though they were windmills under the influence of the strongest of winds. The memory of that •overling's triumph inflated me for many a long week. Even at this distance of time I cannot help laughing at that recollection. I had something better than this that I might well have been proud of, as it was not so common as it is nowaday?, thanks to the march of enlightenment. My father had commenced to give me seme sort of rough education, and this was continued after his death. I had the good fortune to fall into able hands, my master, though poor, being a gentleman of refinement. He taught me much, for he was fond of me; but I learnt more when I was an elderly man than when I was'a boy, and in a strange school and place, and you will confess when you come to itL My mother had received no education ; she could neither read nor write. Now, I take it that most bpys brought up as I was carry with them to their graves some one or more remembrances of their early days, which often have nothing to do with the regular current of their lives, playing, indeed, no part in them. With respfect to what I am about to recall, this is n<jt the case with me, but it might have been. If you grown-up people who read thes0 rough words of mine will turn your eyes; back, as it might be, to the days when you hadn't begun to fight life's battle in real earnest, you will see somp little circumstance standing out plainly by itself, like an island in a great sea.' It may hsve nothing whatever to do with you or your life, affecting it neither for (good nor for evil, so far as you are aware. But it rose, and there it stands, and"' shows itself at odd moments in some unaccountable way. Such a remembrance is mine, but the difference with me is that it gave a dark colour to my life. I could not have been more than six years of age when I found myself standing on the outskirts of a crowd of people gathered together in a street near that in which I lived. How I came there I do not know ; but there I was, a spectator of the scene. It was a violent crowd, and loud and angry words were being used. The people were gathered about an open street-door, and from what I could understand with my childish mind a family were being turned out of their house in consequence of owing some money which they were unable to pay. Their furniture had been seized and sold, and they were being bundled into the streets. The sympathies of the crowd were with them, as is invariably the case on such occasions, crowds being always composed of poor people; and oaths and threats were flung at the man to whom the money was owing, and who had in this way enforced his claim. I heard his name. It was Druce. Presently the crowd divided, and by some means I was in the centre of it, standing by the two men who played the principal parts. The face of one of these men was white and pinched and livid with fear and malice; the face of the other was convulsed with passion, and blood was trickling down it. Instinctively, child as I was, I knew which was the wronged man, and which the wronger, and their faces became indelibly stamped upon my memory. The name of the wronger, also, would never have been forgotten by me, even if in after days I had not cause to remember it. I ran home in terror of it and him, and told the story to my mother with tears and sobs. Mr. Druce was a money-lender in our neighbourhood. When he died, his son inherited his business., .The. name was over his office, and I never saw it in my boyish days without its bringing before me the faces of two men—one white and livid, the other convulsed with bitter passion, and with the blood trickling down it; and I invariably hated the one and sympathized with the other. Up to a certain period of my life I met this son but once. He was a man, and I was a man. Perhaps he was three or four years older than I was. I stood with my hand on our little wooden gate, and he came and stood before me. I had no idea who he was, never having seen him to know him. His shadow falling across my path caused me to look down upon him. I could do that; I was taller than he. A thin inquisitive face was that face of his, with eyes that were bright, but had no softness in them. He could not have been ashamed of his face, for it was perfectly smooth and hairless. Mine, on the contrary, had plenty of hair upon it. " Good evening, neighbour," said he. That was a claim to a kinship in friendliness. "Good evening," said I, scarcely looking at him. " A fine evening," was his next observation. It happened not to be a fine evening, and I remarked that he talked like a barber. He accepted my correction goodhumoredly. " Not being a sailor," said he, " I don't know the signs of the weather as well as you." " You know when it rains, I suppose," I said, with a wave of my hand, for a slight mist was falling. "Ah, yes, indeed," he replied, in a tone of surprise, looking up as though he was only now aware of the falling mist. " You have been a long time away." I had been absent on a long voyage, and had been home but a few days. I nodded, " Yes, a long time," and would have left him, but that he seemed to have something more he wished to say. " You have been to Africa, I hear?" " Yes, to Africa, and other coasts." " I've read," said he, " that gold is dug up there by the savages." " That's so." " And feathers, worth their weight in gold?" " I don't know about their value. Feathers are got there." "And pearls in other places, and coral?" " That's so." " And you've been to those places ?" "Ay." His bright eyes that had no softness in them gleamed still more brightly and eagerly, but it was in a hesitating tone— as though he was suspicious I should take advantage of him—that he continued his questioning, " Have you got any?" asked he. "Any what?" '' Feathers and bits of coral and that like." I laughed at him. " I've enough to do," said I, " without bothering my head about such tilings. Besides, they're out of my reach." " Out of your reach!" he repeated. " Ay. It takes money to buy them." He chuckled, and rubbed his hands. " And you've no money?" " Not more than I know what to do with. Have you?" At this question of mine he gave his body such a remarkable screw that it appeared to me as though all in one moment he was buttoning himself up from top to toe. "I've got a little," said he, with a slow twisting of his fingers, " and I'm fond of turning it over—turning it over." "Well," said I, with another laugh, " turn it over." " In trade, I mean. I'd like to buy some of them pearls and feathers and coral." " Easily enough done if you're so flush of money. Go out there." " I can't spare the time. Couldn't you bring home some?" "I'll tell you what I could bring home." " Yes, yes; what?" " What do you say to a mermaid?" " A mermaid!" he cried, excitedly. " It would do to exhibit. Can you get one?" "A hundred, if you'll pay for them. They're as thick as sprats here and there in places." fie gave me a sour look, and turned it off to a laugh almost as sour. " You "sailor fellows like to have your joke. Look here now. I lend money, and am fond of a bargain. You're a bold strong man. Get some of them pearls and feathers, or anything foreign and curious, and bring them home to me, and I'll pay you handsomely for them." "I tell you I've enough else to do; They don't come in my way." And I turned and opened the gate, for there was something in the man made me dislike hinp—something that seemed to say, " I'd buy your,blood if I could make money out of iti" " Think it over," said he, detaining me. "All right; I'll think it over. And that's all I will do," said I to myself. , " There's .money in it, I tell you— money. .You're not rich enough to turn your nose up at that. We'll talk about it again. I see you're in a hurry now. Good evening, Mr, Beecroft." He held out his hand. " Good evening, Mr. " "Druce," said he; " that's my name." His hand lay in mine like a parcel o£ bones. I dropped it quickly, and spit into my palm, and rubbed it on my trousers. He looked at me angrily, and I saw in his face, which had grown white and livid at my action, the likeness to that white and livid face which formed part of my childish remembrance. The face of the other man, too—the man who had been wronged, with the blood trickling down it, came before me again. " What is the meaning of this?" he asked. "This," I answered hotly; "that I want no more of your words or your company. I know you, Mr. Druce, and what stuff you're made of." I am aware that it was most unreasonable in me to speak to him in this way. If his father had done a wrong, what kind of justice was it to make the son accountable for it 1 But the name and all that belonged to it was detestable to me, and what was in me was bound to come out. He seemed as though he were about to speak passionately in reply, but he altered his mind, with a shrug of his shoulders. He walked away, and I was glad to be rid of him. ,. 