English and Foreign. Arrival of the Torres Straits Mail. THE magnificent new E. and A. Co's mail steamer Queensland, Captain Craig, of which a full description appeared in our issue of April 8, entered Moreton Bay at daybreak on April 21. The mails were transhipped to the Government steamer Kate, and landed at the wharf at about half-peat two p.m. Our latest English dates by the Queensland are to March S, from which the following extracts are taken :— THJ NEW VIGZHOT OF INDIA. The Morning Pott observes :—" On March 1 Lord Lytton started for India; and never, perhaps, has a statesman embarked on an undertaking more full of difficulty, danger, and weighty responsibility than that of governing our Eastern Empire. On ar rival in India Lord Lytton will find awaiting his treatment three great questions—the foreign policy, the military system, and the finance of the oountry. As to the last-mentioned Lord Lytton has given us already an indication of the soundness of his views upon it, and of his ability to cope with its difficulties. But with regard to the other two questions we have to learn yet what lines of policy he may act on. Nor will it be very easy for him to come to pre cise determinations upon these questions : for, besides their own inherent difficulties, he will find the trammels of finance cramping him at every turn. Still, there are great facts and features that will not only compel him to adopt some definite courses, but will serve in a great measure to shape those courses. Lord Lytton will find Beloochistan in complete anarchy, the Bolan Pass impassable, Affghanistan impervious to our influence and resting on an internal volcano, our line of defence on the frontier destitute of ad vanced posts and commanding strategical points. Russia, with her huge bulk, drifting not slowly and very surely toward a collision with the power of England in India, the Mahommedans cherish ing hatred and distrust of England as a tenet of their religion, the aborigines learning more and more the realities of the situation, and the native army laboring under a system that failed in its purpose to an extent rendering some change an absolute necessity. With regard to the foreign policy of the Indian Government, it will be of great advantage that Lord Lytton is trained and praotised in all matters of foreign diplomacy. We are, therefore, encouraged in believing that the new Viceroy will recognise the requirements of the situation, and act on principles of obvious propriety. Lord Lytton has been chosen for the post of Viceroy because of the grasp and vigor «hat he has shown in other fields, and already he has given signs of justifying Mr. Disraeli'b selec tion. The post requires a combination of pru dence and dash, and we shall be much mistaken if the new Viceroy does not exhibit both." THI GREAT OURRKNOT QUESTION. Concerning the supply of gold and silver the Daily Newt observes :—"The general theory of the effect of a steady annual supply of the precious metals on prices hardly applies in fact to the events of the last thirty years. We are ■till in a revolutionary period. First France, then Germany, among the great countries of the world, have practically gone over to a gold standard, displacing immense quantities of silver by gold ; while a special demand for the East, arising from the cotton famine, has taken up about £100,000,000 of the new gold supplies, in addition to all the silver which it absorbed. All these special demands have been so great that it is hardly possible to say yet what the annual requirement for wear and tear and growth of population will settle down to, though it is quite evident that there has alwnys as yet been some surplus for extraordinary demands. There is nothing in the facts of the gold and silver production to discourage the countries which are now adopting a gold standard, and lead them back, through fear of an insufficient supply of gold, to the evil of a double standard. There is also no reason in the extreme apprehensions about the fall in silver. While the immense increase of the relative pro duction of gold to silver in the lost thirty years more than justifies the substitution which has taken place, it does Hot follow that a use will not eventually be found for the increase of silver itself. The Bilver-nsing area has certainly been diminishing; but India, China, and the East have been for generations by far the most important outlets, and against the diminution of area else where must be set the steady growth of popula tion and wealth in those immense regions. There is no reason for panic, therefore, about the threatened revolution in silver ; but we may well leave to experience both what the increased production will be and what will be the result on the countries with silver currencies. Those directly interested must protect themselves in the best way they can by increased core in making contracts over long periods and other wise, and if they do fco we may be sure no general harm will come from the working out of the present changes." THE DRAMATIC FUND FESTIVAL Was held, as has been customary for the last nineteen years, on Ash Wednesday, at Willis' Rooms, London. Mr. Andrew Halliday presided, and in replying to the toast of " Success to the Fund Association" Mrs. Stirling, who on rising was loudly cheered, said : There was once—nay, I am happy to say there has been twice, in London a man—an American—called Jefferson. I don't mean the Jefferson who was President of the United States, but the Jefferson, better known by his original name of Rip Van Winkle. If that illustrious Rip, some twenty years ago, had attended at this dinner, and hod been driven by the too-loud tongue of his thrifty wife out of this room because he insisted on giving too much to this Dramatic and Equestrian Sick Fund—as, of course, that reckless and delightful dop would have oeert Bure to do—and, failing the Katskill Mountains, had wandered forth into St. James' Park, and there, after a carouse with the ghost of Hendrik Hudson hod slept a sleep of twenty years, and thence been awakened by some bobby of the future and ordered to "move on" like poor Jo, what changes would have met his eye I At Westminster, when he re members a squalid fringe of tumble-down hovels and mudbanks, a stately hospital stares a still more stately House of Parliament in the face, the poor patients from the galleries of the one comfortably contemplating the wealthier patients on the terrace of the other. Really one hardly knows which phase of suffering is the more worthy of our sympathy, that of the un happy subjects of St. Thomas' surgery or of Bt. Stephen's eloquence. (Laughter.) The original Stephen was the first of martyrs; now he takes it out by inflicting martyrdom. (Renewed laughter.) He would find the dingy old mansion of the great Marlborough less enlivened by new red brick than by the presence of a beloved princess, and he would have seen her children on the look-out for papa, who is coming home with a tiger under each arm and an elephant in his pocket, and a large bale of pigskins. (Laughter and cheers.) In Trafalgar-square he would see Landseer's lions not merely in their places, but with their necks and backs worn smooth by the rough riding they have had in vindication of the indefeasible British right of public meeting. (Laughter.) Then what a host of new theatres!—two out of three of them, I am told, doing an immense legitimate business, and, ten to one, an Othello—(cheers)— in full blast inside them. Other novelties would perplex the wandering Rip—skating-rinks, spell ing-bees, Ac But there is one thing in which Rip would have found no change. If he left me in Willis' Rooms returning thanks for the ladies and pleading the cause of this fund he would have found me, after his twenty years' sleep, at the same work still—(cheers) —like the daughter of the horseleech, uttering my annual cry of " Give, give !" a cry that I must utter, monoto nous and melancholy as it may be, to long as our profession continues so pre-eminently a precarious one, divided, too often, alas ! unequally between prosperity and disap pointment, with their still sadder con comitants, destitution, sickness, and death. But it is needless to sadden myself or you by this oft-told tale of need. You know how real and widespread the need is ; you will give to its lelief to-night, as you have always given, liberally. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, you have drunk my health as the mouthpiece of my sister artistes, for which I thank you. As I began with Rip, I will end with him, and so " Here is your good helts, unt your family's, unt may dey live long unt prosper." (Loud cheers.) The Fund, it is stated, has been twenty years in existence, and during that time 20,640 cases of sickness have been relieved, 658 loans for journeys advanced, and 480 cases of distress assisted. DON CARLOS PLATED OUT. It has been known for some time that the cause of Don Carlos was hopeless, and signifi cantly enough he was deserted by the Vatican. The Pope, it is true, once sent him his blessing; but then he sent the youthful King Alfonso some thing more important—a Nuncio, the aged Cardinal Simeoni The astute ecclesiastic* of the Vatican are excellent prophets of a falling cause, and have for some space of time divined that Don Carlos would be driven from the mountains of Navarre and Biscaya. The Pre tender has fled into France, and his forces have surrendered at discretion. But the vanquished aspirant to the Spanish Throne is not to be allowed to remain in Southern France. It has been politely hinted to him that he may temporarily reside in some such ignobly-peaceful northern town as Dieppe or Boulogne-aur-Mer, but that he cannot be allowed to linger on the skirts of the Pyrenees. The result is that Don Carlos is coming, as Charles X. and Louis Philippe did before him, to take refuge in hospitable England. In all probability there is no European country where he would be more obscure or harmless. Spain has become mightily Alfonsist; the Car nival has been unusually lively, Madrid has been illuminated, and magnificent Easter bull- fights are promised more Hitpanico. Queen Isabella is to re-enter her son's kingdom in triumph, and it will remain to be seen whether Alfonso is to be a real monarch, or only faiiannt King, while the real ruler is Isabella. The chief difficulty of Spain is, of course, the interminable Cuban in surrection, which drains the blood and treasure of the Peninsula even more than civil war. But 30,000 men ore being sent to Cuba, and it is possible that the insurrection may yet be sup pressed. A SCOTCH GRIEVANCE. A Scotch correspondent in The London Scot tish Journal, hailing from Stirling Bridge, draws attention to a Scottish legal grievance which has received too little public notice. When an English lawyer—often enough, it may be, a very puny one—is raised to the Bench, he has at once a handle added to his name, and not infre quently he winds up with having a peerage con ferred upon him. But a Scotch lawyer is de barred from rising to the highest legal offices in the State. The correspondent then pithily remarks :—" Now, let me ask this question. Is there any legal incompetency on the part of a Scotch lawyer to hold the Great Seal of England, or to be High Chancellor of England ! In one of his immortal orations, Richard Brinsley Sheri dan exclaims, ' I call upon the humblest peasant in the Empire to defend his Bon's title to the Great Seal of England.' I think it is about time —particularly seeing that an Irish lawyer has had his turn of the woolsack —that Scotland, the land that was never conquered, and that gave to England the royal line, should have her turn. And the man to represent her in the high office is none other than George Lord Young, the late Lord Advocate. He will neither disgrace his country, the woolsack, nor himself." Our correspondent's remarks are worthy of con sideration. Had such a legal disability extended to Ireland that country would long ago have got up a special kail-yard rebellion to seek redress of the grievance at the point of the cabbage stalk. A youno woman in the country, incensed at an egotistical young man from town, said, " If the butcher down in the village could buy you at the prico your acquaintances hold you at, and sell you at your own estimate of yourself, he would retire from business on what he'd made on that single speculation in veal." 